I moved to Chicago from Canada a few months ago and a lot of my friends have been visiting the last couple months (the summer months... not the winter months, they don't even know my name during the winter months). Whenever one of them visits, they request 'the best deep dish' in Chicago. I've tried about 15 different pizza places since i've been here and although a lot are close, and ALWAYS delicious; Uno, Lou Malnati's, Giordano's, I have to say, they all lose their shit over Pequod's. The toppings are plentiful and always taste fresh, the tomato sauce is signature and their crust is unlike anything i've had, it's caramelized and impossible not to finish (I usually never finish the crust).* During Peak hours, there's about an hour wait, The Drinking Bird next door to Pequod's has great cocktails!Very tasty! Visiting from out of town and given many recommendations of where to get deep dish, but Pequod's was the most recommended from friends. Not disappointed at all. We were told it would be a 20 minute wait, but were seated in less than 15. The appetizer combo was not bad - the jalepeno poppers were the best, so I think I would have just gone with those.Our deep dish was super yummy and surprisingly not too heavy. I've had deep dish before that left me feeling  uncomfortably full, but this deep dish was filling without the gross greasy feeling afterwards. We got mushrooms and fresh garlic toppings that were very fresh and delicious. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in town.Well. After recommending this place to everyone I know who visits my hometown, I'm thinking my endorsements may have been a mistake. I defend this place A LOT against warnings of insufferable service and bad crowd control. I am willing to cut them a lot of slack for their pizza. It is an attraction for which a bad personality is sometimes forgivable. And I've been coming long enough that I know better than to expect reliable service on a Saturday, or to attempt a table during the NBA playoffs. But on a Tuesday night, in the summer offseason with zero sports, you'd think the expectation of actually getting to eat the pizza you called in 20 minutes prior that was put in 'right away' is reasonable. Yeah?We order at 6:30. We get there after a cross-town trek. We think we're fine, since there's no wait when we called, and the order went in awhile ago. We go to check in amid largely vacant tables... and are told it'll be a 40 minute wait JUST to sit. What?Pequods, I get it. Your justification makes sense, it's just not very good. I work in customer service, and I know there's 'technically' no responsibility for you to update patrons (who already ordered and are headed to your restaurant) that an influx of HUGE parties has added 40 minutes to your previously nonexistent wait, but when you are bitchy about it on arrival, and act like it's unreasonable to be taken by surprise by this development, that's what stops fans from endorsing you. Did you have to call? No. If you had? You would've saved your loyal customers $20 in cab fare, a shitload of traffic, respect, and a wasted pizza. My life isn't your problem, I get that, but there's a courtesy in not springing this on a party for whom you've already told you're cooking food for. That's how you become a restaurant whose patron recommendations start carrying warnings.I've happily put up with the unpredictability on weekends or during sports events, but as a loyal recommender of this place, I'm really disappointed. I don't whine. I just want whoever monitors this to know that it's becoming a reputation people are listening to. Also, there were a ton of open tables given parties of 40 and 25 were supposedly occupying the bulk of the place, but given everything else I guess I'm not shocked we have a difference in logic. Pizza's the best in chicago if you can deal with the side of shit. Up to you."Give it 20 minutes.""It will be out in 20 more minutes"We were given promises from our waitress that the pizzas would be out in twenty minutes, but as a period of twenty minutes passed, we got nothing but another 20-minute promise. After multiple 20-minute promises, we have been sitting for nearly two hours with all our water cups empty, still pizza-less, in the hot AC-less environment. Our head of the party finally had enough and demanded to speak to the manager. When the manager came, he curtly asked, "Okay, who is going to yell me?" Fortunately, our head of the party was an assertive man and made that manager know that we were angry at the endless wait. The manager went to see the situation and informed us what we have long suspected: our order was forgotten. He apologized to us, demanded our waitress to fill our water cups and send out more appetizers, and promised twenty more minutes.An hour after speaking to the manager, the pan pizzas finally arrived. Admittedly, the pizza was delicious but it was too late at that point because it was not worth the three-hour ordeal.Here's the thing. There's no denying the pizza is delicious. I've been a long time customer and have never been let down.However, tonight was different. Food was great as always, but while leaving my partner and I overheard a conversation between who I believe is the manager (thin man with small pony tail) and a waitress about another waitress. He remarked "I texted her to wear something cute and did you see what she is wearing?"Everyone I saw looked fine. It's a casual environment. You sell pizza, not women. I found this entire exchange to be sexist and offensive. I will no longer go to Pequods and will start encouraging my friends to do the same. I can't in good conscience support someone who treats their staff like meat. Ladies, I encourage you to stand up to your sleazy boss in any way you feel comfortable in. This behavior is inexcusable.Edit: I wanted to say something in person, but I was too pissed off to form a coherent sentence about how angry I am that sexist men ruin all the cool things.I haven't had Lou Manalti's, but I figured I would give this place a try first because it is harder to get to for me. Disclaimer: I don't usually like deep dish pizza, and if I had a choice, I would go for NY style any day.This deep dish was different than those I had before. There's actually very little tomato sauce and the toppings lie on top (compared to ones I've had before which were filled with a tomato sauce / topping mixture).What I really like is the caramelized cheese edges, so crispy! I also like that despite all the wet toppings on top, the bread on the bottom below the cheese remained completely dry! Not soggy at all! I think that's a huge feat to accomplish. For these two things alone, I give this place 4 stars. Also, the slices are huge! I shared a small pizza ( 4 slices) with one other person, and was pretty satisfied after just 1 slice. I continued to stuff my face, and ate another 1/2 of a slice. Yum!Best pizza I've ever had, well worth the wait. Deep dish, extra sauce and garlic. Amazing!What the? I'm not exactly sure what all the hype is about.  SERIOUSLY.  I went here a couple of years ago and didn't like it,  but decided it give it a second chance tonight with my cousin from out of town. ..Holy overrated! First of all, our waitress was wack...I mean,  she could've just been having a bad day so whatever. Secondly, the menu is outdated and they really should invest in a drink menu or drink specials. The food?  No bueno. The burnt crust aka 'caramelized' crust on the 'deep dish' that everyone raves about was just awful. The pizza was bland and the sausage was gross. I mean, honestly I don't understand all of these elite reviews,  are we eating at the same place?! I love pizza, I really do & I guess you should give it a chance...I guess. Will I be going back?  Negative.The best thing about this place is the atmosphere and building design. It's in a unique space that feels somewhat old and slightly bohemian but with LCD tv's. The space is significantly bigger than it seems at first. Each room is unique and has different twists and turns. The lighting is not too bright and not too dim. Now to the topic of greatest concern to any true Chicagoan, the deep dish pizza. First off I'd have to say that pizza is unusual and different from chicago's most famous deep dish places. Toppings were very generous. Ultimately I was not a fan of the crust or the sauce which was sweeter than average. I've wanted to like this place and gone back a couple of times. Wasn't really wowed by anything, but I expect some portion of the population might be into the pizza. We ordered 2 pasta dishes one time and we're not impressed.Cheese crusted deep dish. Bam. My first ever legit deep dish chicago style pizza in the city of chicago. I can't compare it to any other "best chicago style pizza" joints since I didn't have time to check those out but my foodie local friend took us here because, "once you have cheese crusted deep dish why would you ever go back?"to lighten it up, i got only veggies on mine and it was nothing short of blissful heavenly pizza. my husband had the meat heavy topping and he enjoyed both styles. con: the immensely long wait. we sat down and waited for an eternity (maybe 45 min?) to get our pizza. but, it was also during the nhl play offs so the place was packed (chicago vs la) so perhaps it was just due to overcapacity.great, now i'm dreaming of this place.In a nutshell: Chicago deep dish in Wicker Park.Came here with family, as it was highly recommended and we were driving through the area. Pequod's is located caddy corner to a fairly new shopping center, with a movie theatre, Barnes and Nobles, etc.Parking 3/5Fairly easy. Found street parking a couple blocks down. There is lot parking across the street, but we didn't want to have to pay.Ambience 3/5The place essentially looks like a long sports bar (yelp.com/biz_photos/pequ…). Bar on the left as you walk in, and most or all of the tables are stool height. Restrooms are in the back across from the kitchen and are pretty clean for a sports bar.Service 4.5/5Actually really good. This earned them the fourth star for me. Our server was really nice, and checked in with us pretty regularly. There was a mix up with our order (I'll get to that later), but she fixed it by giving us half off our food bill. She didn't have too, but the fact that she did was pretty awesome of her.Wait time 1/5Seating - BWaited about 20 minutes for seats. Not badDrinks - AOrdered a pitcher of 312 of the menu (yelp.com/biz_photos/pequ…) and this came out quick.Food - FExpect to wait longer for deep dish, but this time there was a mix up with our order. The tables around us all got their food before us. We ended up not getting our food for almost an hour and a half. By the time it showed up we were hungry and grumpy. However, we were not as grumpy as we could have been, as the server told us beforehand that she would take half off the price of food for us.Food 4/5Jalapeno poppers - 3/5They didn't suck and they tied us over.....kind of.Large Pepperoni Sausage and Onion (yelp.com/biz_photos/pequ…) - ABomb. Very comparable to Lou Malnati's. I'm a huge fan of deep dish, since I don't eat it very often. I'm not a big fan of pepperoni in general (shame on me), but everyone else wanted it.Small Sausage Mushroom and Basil (yelp.com/biz_photos/pequ…) - A-Very tasty but the crust was a bit burnt. Not enough to make it a crappy meal, but then again we had been waiting for over an hour for this. Overall 4/5Food was good, and the service staff did an amazing job trying to make us happy despite of the mix up in the kitchen. Sometimes $h!t happens, but it's all about how they react to it that sets them above other restaurants. Happy with the experience, and I would definitely come back here.Best deep dish in Chicago. Recommend the sausage & jalapeño. Thick deep dish with burnt cheese crust. Nothing compares to a Pequods pie, unlike any other pizza I've ever tried. Take out frequently from here. However, if you prefer to dine in it's a hip & swanky atmosphere. Great selections of brews.O.M.G.Get the pan pizza.I'm not a deep dish fan, but this is probably the best deep-dish I have had to date (I've also been to Giordano's and Lou Malnati's several times since they are closer to where I live). We got the pepperoni pizza, which was great -- I only had one and a half slices because the wait for a table took quite a bit, and thus I filled up on beer. However, I def wished I could eat more -- the pepperoni was very tasty.We also got the appetizer combo, which consisted of mozzarella sticks, jalapeno poppers, zucchini slices & breaded shrooms -- all very tasty and fried.I stil prefer piece pizza in wicker park, but when I have friends who crave deep dish, this is where I'll go from now on.After hearing all the hype on Pequod's, I dragged my family there on our last trip to Chicago in lieu of Hot Doug's (can't convince them to line up for hot dogs, no matter how good they are!). What we discovered was a dark dive-lite atmosphere and OK pizza. The hallowed burnt cheese crust was not the umami bomb I was expecting and the toppings were pretty watery (don't order mushrooms!). Not bad but I will stick with Malnati's in future.My fellow New Yorkers know - Chicago deep-dish pizza ain't pizza. The dense vessel of bread augmented with a vertical growth of irrelevant toppings and something like an inch of cheese is more like pie, or bad lasagna... or some other obscene thing characterized by gross excessiveness rather than a relationship to that majestic food form we call pizza.That said, Pequod's serves up a damn delicious deep dish "pizza" (yes, you still need a fork to eat it).The difference between Pequod's and the other, very overrated Chicago deep-dish heavyweights is that Pequod's lines the cast-iron pan with cheese before baking the pizza. The result is a beautifully blackened edge of, yep, fried cheese - that holds the pizza together instead of becoming soggy after a minute and breaking off from the rest of the pie. The crust is also slightly thinner than the refined carb parties of Lou Malnati's or Giordano's, both of whom have totally mediocre deep-dish due to a dry monster crust of solid bread and an avalanche of cheese and too-sweet sauce that slides off the second you lift your slice out of the pan.Our medium "pan pizza" (as they call it) with jalapenos and mushrooms cost $20 and was ready for pickup in 30 minutes. The restaurant looks like a regular old Chicago bar: low-key, dirty worn wooden floors, maybe you'd see lots of daisy dukes if it had been warm enough. It was totally empty on a Wednesday at 10:30pm, though they're open conveniently til 2am. Call ahead to place an order even if eating in, since the pizza takes a half hour to cook either way.The first deep dish I've actually liked as food and not spectacle! Mmm.My favorite pizza in Chicago! There is usually a wait, but totally worth it - place an order ahead. Good brews on tap, good ambiance - fun, homey and inviting. After eating many pizzas at many pizza places (many that now have tons of locations and feel almost industrial) it was great to come back here to this laid back neighborhoody-vibed establishment and realize, what was I thinking? How could I ever cheat on Pequod's? Am I insane??! It has extremely flavorful pizza, great atmosphere and great drinks. Order the sausage & pep with green bell pepper and onions and you will not be disappointed. Yes a small is sufficient for 2 people though I wish I could eat more in one sitting. There will never be a question now of "oh hey, where should we grab pizza?", the answer will always be at the pink panty wearing, beer drinking, sperm whale joint - PEQUODSSSSSSSS!!!Don't cheat on Pequod's - you will never be pizza-satisfied.This is by far...The. Best. Pizza. In. Chicago.  I was going to say, "in the world", but I don't want to over-sell.  Granted, I only lived in Chicago for 4 precious, wonderful, joyful years, but I had the opportunity to eat a lot of pizza, including the more "trendy" ones.  You know which ones I'm talking about.  This pizzeria blows all the rest away.  The caramelized crust...Oh-Mylanta!  The only downside is that it's SORT OF off the beaten path.  So the nearest El stop is 0.8 miles away.  No bus that I know of goes near their either.  My recommendation: get off the red/brown line stop at Fullerton and just enjoy a nice walk there and back...it'll help burn off the calories you are sure to accumulate from stuffing your face full of delicious pizza!  Just trust me.  GO NOW!Oh, I forgot to mention the whole "Is this really deep-dish pizza?" question.  Now, I am a fan of deep-dish pizza, BUT it can get a little overwhelming.  Pequod's airs on the side of a "conservative deep-dish", so you aren't going to get a pizza that is quite as pie-like as the other guys.  I appreciate this.  You may not.  But I just wanted to throw that out there so there are no surprises!This place is nothing special, in fact its pretty sub par. I'm not sure if Pequod's USED to be good and has just lost its touch but I can definitely say this place's pizza is boring.What I ordered:Onion Rings (about 7 of them pathetically displayed on a plate)12 inch Deep dish pizza with Sausage and BasilThe Crust - Spongy cornmeal somewhere in between buttery, crispy and soggy. Not terrible but as far as a foundation for a pie its nothing exciting.The Sauce - If there were any herbs or spices in the sauce, I couldn't taste them. Pizza suffers the most when the sauce is bad and this was just tomato paste and sugar with maybe a sprinkle of pepper.The Cheese - this was the most disappointing part of the whole meal, there was no flavor and no salt. My professional guess is that they use a cheap skim milk mozzarella, no provolone or whole milk. It reminded me of peal and eat mozzarella sticks from a gas station, but that would be insulting cause at least those are loaded with sodium.The Toppings - the second worst part about this pizza, it was adorned with about 10 pieces of sausage the size of golf balls and what was probably 3 leaves of furiously fine shredded basil. The sausage was actually pretty good but there wasn't nearly enough of it, about 2 pieces a piece. And the basil, I'm not sure they even put any on it.As a Chicagoan, I was seriously missing out what Pequod's has to offer when it comes to Chicago Deep Dish Pizza! Came here for a date during Blackhawks season (not sure if that was a good idea) and they happen to be playing at the same time (Go Hawks!) This place was a serious deep dish pizza spot mixed with a sports bar. If you lived in Chicago, you probably have had Lou Malnati's Pizzeria and Giordano's Pizza which are both GREAT traditional Chicago deep dish pizza however Pequod's Pizza takes it to another level with a caramelized deep dish pizza crust. Do NOT let that crust scare you. The burnt cheese caramelized crust is amazing! Let's not forget about the rest of the pizza! They build their deep dish pizza just as good as Lou Malnati's Pizza and Giordano's Pizza. A small deep dish pizza comes out to be 4 slices of heaven and just right for two people. Throw down on some local beer and your meal will be perfect! The original location is in Morton Grove which still exist today. It is also a smaller place but not as busy as the Chicago location. Wait times at the Chicago location can get up to 2 hours specially when there is a game playing. They do not take reservations but BEST TIP is to call ahead and put your name on the waiting list. The service was great and they were on top of everything even when they were busy with a wait at 2+ hours. Great vibe in the place especially when there is a game on. You cannot even tell they had a fire in the place at one point (January 2006) which they shut down for six months to rebuild. Be glad they did rebuild because it is amazing pizza that would be missed. I would bring everyone here including folks from out of town (which I have!) Small groups might be good but large groups might be difficult. It might be a little rowdy to come here on a date during a game but it would be worth it if they are into Chicago teams. Impress them by calling ahead and passing up the line when you get there! If you had to wait, it is totally worth it. And if you cared, the Hawks won the same night it was my first time I had Pequod's Pizza!Food - 5Décor - 5Service - 5I'm not sure why anyone wouldn't give this place 5 stars. Malnati's shouldn't even be mentioned in the same sentence. There is a reason it's 4 stars overall and not 1 or 2 like some peoples' reviews suggest. They're probably bitter or their tastebuds are non -existent.These guys do deep dish right! I got the personal size pizza with pepperoni and olives. After I ordered, I feared they would overdo it with the olives like some places, but they keep the olives to a moderate amount. The crust! It was amazing. The carmelized cheese was delicious and the pizza in general was solid.I'm with Jannice C.  Just not getting it.  I'd say 2.5 if I could.  Not worth rounding up though.  Not on par with Lou's, Gino's East, Giordano's --- just not.  I expected more from the crust...which looked great and sounded stellar per reviews...but it disappointed in person.  Kind of a solid vibe to the place, friendly service to boot---but not a fan of the product.Our daughters swear this is the best pizza.It is very very good.Service is very good.Street parking is difficult.The decor is Chicago bar / pizza place.Price point is just fine.Definitely not heart healthy, but I recommend if you are in the area.Lackluster pizza flavor.  There are so many better chicago style pizza places; try another one. Even touristy genos east is a better option.Gets busy and the pan pizzas take time so plan ahead. I like the option to do toppings to just half of the pizza to get variety. We opted for Canadian bacon and pineapple on one side, and pepperoni and green peppers on the other side. The crust is Carmelized and so so good. We ordered a medium which was 6 huge slices. It was way too much. I'd like to come back and try the thin crust. That looked good also. Service was friendly.My favorite pizza! :)Pequod's is, by far, my favorite deep dish pizza place in Chicago. Now...I know that this is a rather sensitive topic...given there are some hard-core Giordano's and Lou's supporters out here. But let me just say, I'm reviewing from the point of view of an "outsider" (Cali-girl) and that I actually prefer thin crust over deep dish. But I've come to really be able to appreciate a good deep dish pizza, and Pequod's is where it's at! I particularly love the carmelized crispy crust. My fav.If you're not sure, just try it for yourself and do the taste test. Either way, I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy it, if not completely agree with me that it's the best out of the main deep dish places here in Chi-town.I've never had legitimate Chicago deep dish until this past weekend. Also, I've never been to Lou Malnati's so I can't compare the two. I just know that Pequod's was really, REALLY good.We had reservations at 6:30pm. Their version of "reservations" is basically priority seating, you still have to wait a bit depending on how many people are there. I'd recommend waiting outside (if it's not too chilly) because it's quite crowded inside around dinner time and you can get bonked on the head or jabbed in the back with some pizza pans. Also while you're waiting, you can start looking at the menu and deciding what you want. You can even order before you sit down! Something I wish we had known..We sat down and ordered a pitcher of Goose Island 312. Great local beer, btw. The three of us also ordered cheesy garlic bread for starters. We were reluctant since we knew there would be a lot of carbs to be consumed with our deep dish, but went for it anyways. It was one of the best decisions ever.A common mistake that people make is forgetting this is deep dish. Usually it would be perfectly fine for 3 people to get a large 14" NY style pizza, but since this was Chicago style, we downsized to a medium 10" (sausage, mushroom, onion) and still struggled to finish. There were 6 slices and we all struggled finishing the last one. I think I left half of it on my plate and ended up picking at the toppings because I could not physically fit any more food in my stomach. I wanted to though. It was sooooo good, the crust and bottom were buttery and crispy, the middle was soft and doughy. There was just enough sauce and a good amount of toppings. I couldn't ask for a better first deep dish experience!Service is horrible. Been here for 2 and a half hours and still no pizza. Wait staff and management is of no help. People all around us have gotten their food ahead of us. Manager with ponytail is an asshole. No matter how good the pizza it is not worth this.We called ahead to order deep dish pizza since it usually takes about 45 minutes to make. They typically cook it for 20-25 min before you come and then finish cooking it when you get there. We arrived at about 610 and were planning on seeing a movie next door at 715. We didn't get our pizza until 715 which meant they did not cook it before we got there. We clearly missed our movie. Moreover, our waitress was incredibly rude and avoided us knowing that we were getting inpatient. Lastly, we accidentally left our leftovers at the table and came back within 2 minutes;  the waitress said they had thrown it out already. Why did the quick service suddenly appear when we left?Called ahead to put my name on the list (no reservations but priority seating instead), and when we got there around 7pm, we were seated within five minutes. Really impressed by the service!  Our waitress was really sweet and took our beer & salad orders. Then another waitress came by within a few minutes to take our pizza orders. The restaurant was mostly full, so it was nice that they were working together to take orders. Decent selection of beers with most of the craft beers being local.  Goose Island, Fat Tire, Bell's... can't really go wrong there.  The house salad is not your typical iceberg lettuce with a few carrot shavings, but a large bowl of leafy greens plus some fixin's.  Great way to start the meal. Now, the thing everyone actually cares about. Pizza! I'm not a deep dish expert, but this is gooooood. Crunchy exterior (I hear they melt cheese on the crust) and soft on the inside. I ordered a personal pan with pepperoncini and mushrooms. It's a 7-inch pan that is supposed to be for one person. I ate two slices and had to call it quits, but my friends both crushed theirs, so maybe I'm just a lightweight. If you're not super hungry, or don't want to leave feeling stuffed, the personal pan is enough for two!Color me saddened. Color me disappointed. Color this place overrated. I'm not going to argue with the Yelpers that have crowned this pizzeria. Everyone has their personal choice for pizza and suggesting what's best can be very personal. That said this pizza, for myself and 3 others, was wildly average. The thin crust is not worth your time to even consider. The crust is dry, insulted with excess cornmeal, and the sauce must have pulled a Houdini (disappearing act).  Really, really poor.  The deep dish does not measure to others in the city. Aficionados will quickly distinguish that a wait time of 45 minutes demands excellence - - this does not meet such a metric. As an aside, our dish took nearly 1:45 to create.  No bueno.  Service was actually awful, but I will chalk that up to a busy night. Otherwise, this rating would have received two stars. I recommend another choice... especially if from out of town and this is your one shot at a Chicago deep dish.Pequod's is probably my favorite pizza in the city when it comes to taste, but recently it's been a complete different ball game delivered.  Not only was the girl on the phone rude (the last two times I ordered) but the pizza came cold and the toppings were all over the place.  I think my pizza box was placed vertically in between the drivers seat and the cars center console upon delivery.  I'll be sure to take a picture if I decided to order delivery again.TIP:  If you ever have leftovers that you'd like to reheat, completely wrap whatever leftovers you have in tin foil and place directly on oven rack at 350 degrees for 30-35 mintues....perfection.I know tons of people say Pequod's has the best deep dish pizza, but I was really not impressed. I came for the lunch special, which is $6.95 for a personal deep dish and a pint of Budlight or something like that. It's a great deal, but I don't care much for beer... and I don't really like the burnt crust thing that Pequod's has going on. Plus, deep dish overall doesn't really appeal too much. Pequod's in general had so much dough and just not enough sauce. I needed more flavor going on in there. I'd pick Lou Malnati's deep dish over Pequod's.But hey, it's still a pretty good lunch deal!we came here to watch the world cup game and made reservations ahead of time just in case.  when we arrived they weren't too busy and we were immediately seated.we ordered some cheesy garlic bread to start and then a medium pizza.  we really struggled to finish our pizza since it was so filling.  most of it was bread and it was too dense.  i ended up eating the toppings only since most of the pizza was bread which was disappointing.  i was hoping for more cheese and even the caramelized cheese on the crust was not very good.This review is based solely on the food. The service here was great. Our friend took us to Pequad's as the place to go to for Chicago deep dish pizza while we were in town visiting. While the pizza was very good it didn't really make me a fan of deep dish pizza. I've had similar pizzas to this outside of Chicago. During our visit there was a great debate between whether to go to Pequod's or Lou Malnati's. We ended up settling on Pequod's and I think it was a mistake. Basically I think Pequod's is for people who like sloppy greasy pizza. If that is your thing then I bet you will think Pequod's is one of the best. For my tastes I think Lou Malnati's classic would have been more up my alley. Maybe next time.I'm not sure what all the hype is about???Detroit style crust attached to way too much dough...it was more dough than anything. The sauce and pepperoni were excellent. Service was pleasant.We came here via a recommendation from a local and were expecting to be floored at how great this pizza is, but left scratching our heads.We've had better pizza in the culinary wasteland of mid-Michigan for crying out loud!I love pizza, so I was very excited to try a Chicago deep dish pizza. I googled where to go and I found this place . It wasn't very busy when I went in with my family . We got seated immediately ( even with a party of 10).   We started with an appetizer combo(9$) which went fast, which didn't feel worth it but we did have 10 people share it . Then we orders 2 large pizzas (17.99 each just cheese .almost 2 dollars per additional topping) . The wait was 30 mins which was understandable since it's a deep dish and takes long to cook.  So worth the wait! We didn't even finish the pizza( 2 slices left) because we were so full ! I loved the crust, I just wish it had more cheese. I already ordered extra cheese I just wanted more  Our server was very polite !She was awesome and was quick with everything, she always keep us updated with the pizza time ! One thing I found odd was that she wasn't in any sort of uniform, so she just looked like a regular guest  in a oversized sweater . Overall I really enjoyed my experience , it was my first time trying any Chicago style deep dish and look forward to comparing different places to find the best one for meCan't get enough of this place. Even though I'm a Chicagoan at heart I have never been a deep dish girl. This place has managed to make me have a change of heart. Super delish not to mention their lunch special is awesome!Maybe I was expecting a lot. I was in Chicago for a few days and I really wanted to try their famous deep dish pizza. Given the high reviews, I thought this would make an excellent first experience. Thinking this place might be busy, I had called this place to make a reservation. When I arrived and told them of my reservation, I was asked to wait for almost half an hour despite there being open tables. They were however very busy so I let this one slide.I was told the pizza would take a while to cook so I ordered some appetizers while we waited. I ordered the appetizer combo which consisted of mozzarella sticks, jalepeno poppers, breaded mushrooms, and something else that I dont even remember. Why dont i remember? because they all tasted the same. They were all just breaded up in some bread crumbs and deep fried and tastes more like something from the frozen foods aisle of a grocery store than a restaurant. Even the presentation sucked. But I let this one slide as well. This is a pizza place after all, and I should let pizza be the judge of this place. So the pizza came and it looked great. After a few bites, I must say that it was okay. I really really tried to like it, but it tasted okay. The "carmelized crust" was more like burnt crust. Unlike a normal deep dish where it is comprised mostly of cheese and toppings with a thin crust, here the pan pizza had a very thick crust and a very thin topping. I felt like I was eating a pizza bagel.After this experience, I almost believed that I just didnt like chicago pizza. Thank god I went to Lou Malnati's two days later and had some real deep dish. It was delicious!Average at best.  This was recommended by my roommates as the best pizza in Chicago.   It was good,  but nothing special.   If you put this next to the top pizzas in Chicago you wouldn't even notice it.Pan pizza, aptly referred to as deep dish, is...awful! It's just too much bread and not enough flavor. Not at Pequod's!Arguably the ONLY deep dish of the north side, Peqoud's is leagues beyond Gino's East or Giordanno's. There are several reasons why this Lincoln Park treasure, quietly nestled on northeast side of Clybourn dominates the deep.Peqoud's uses a great blend of mild spices to season their crispy, yet soft and chewy dough. The cooking process infuses these flavors that delightfully accent their robust marinara and enhance the flavor of the mild cheese. The secret to their amazingness is actually their crust. A generous layer of burnt cheese that every voluptuous bite tantalized you towards. The first bite of the crust will spiral you into a Peqoud's obsession!My standard topping have become extra cheese, meatball and jalapeño. It's a great balance of savory and heat balanced by the excessively perfect amount of milky, deLISHous cheese. I've yet to yet to giardiniera (sp*) but the time is soon to come.They have great service in the restaurant/bar (which you have upstairs- restaurant, or downstairs- bar - to choose from). Delivery is extremely consistent, as is pickup. Their projected timelines are honest and ALL their staff are friendly and humble.Not only does Peqoud's deliver the best deep dish, they do it in an unsuspecting divey atmosphere on the edge of the nicest neighborhood in the city. Consume mass quantities and take a stroll down Webster, over the river, north on Ashland, east on Fullerton and back south down Clybourn- you'll need it after an experience here. Enjoy this Chicago staple I'm so sad to share with the masses.I finally had a chance to try Pequod's by the DePaul campus. How can you beat $4.95 for a personal pepperoni pan pizza and a drink? The verdict? In the battle of the deep dish pizza.....Lou Malnati's wins by a landslide. I didn't enjoy the crust at Pequod's and the sauce was a little too strong. My soda was also very watered down. The best part of the meal was the cheesy garlic bread. It was so tasty I would consider coming back and just ordering that.My co-workers were really excited about consuming this pizza & promised me that this would blow away other deep dish establishments that I enjoy. Maybe it was too hyped up or maybe it just really isn't that good.All I know is I had a whale of a time digesting all that dough and burnt crust. The thin crust was just ordinary.Pizza was pretty good...but, in comparison to others in the city it was OK. I liked the cheese, the sausage was good, and the pop was really good...lol. I thought the sauce was a little sweet for my taste and I felt there was something missing for me in the flavor department. The service was ok. Our assigned server rarely checked on us to see if we needed a refill or needed anything, but was there right away to clear our plates...even though some of us were still working on our plates. We were by the bar and the guy behind the bar was way more attentive to our table than our server. I would go back...but, there is another Chicago establishment I would rather go to to get my pizza fix.One of my all-time favorite pizza places ever!  This is by far the best deep dish pizza in Chicago!  I've tried so many different deep dish pizzas around town and all others just seem mediocre.  Once I tried Pequod's there was no going back!  I only let myself eat Pequods on special occasions, like after a triathlon or something, otherwise I would eat it ALL THE TIME!  It's the thing I look forward to the most after a race, because then I can eat all the pizza I want!  Hands down, best pizza in Chicago!I have been to Pequod's so many times! This is the place to go get your pizza.  Service can be slow at times but mostly because they are always packed (which is a good sign) .They make one of the few deep dish pizza I actually like, extensive drinking menu, and TVs all around for you to follow that game you like so much.Stop reading this review and order this pizza right now! I seriously crave and miss this pizza every day. The lunch special is amazing! You get a personal size pizza with one topping and a drink for $4.95 (or at least what I remembered)!! If they could deliver this to Ohio, I would order it weekly by the pallet. The burnt caramelized crust makes the dough so sweet and savory.. Now my mouth is watering thinking about it. What I love most about this place is that it's not a chain and it's one of a kinda. Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a slice of Pequod's heaven!!I''m not really sure what the fuss is about.  The pizza wasn't anything special and there was an hour wait for our reservation (that they lost).  This place is so busy it will give even those with the calmest demeanor an anxiety attack.  I just don't get it.  I just don't.Best deep dish pizza in the city, hands down.Get literally anything and it'll be awesome. Staff is friendly and outgoing, area is nice, upstairs seating is pretty nifty, and the food is amazing if I haven't already mentioned.I'm not even kidding... I noticed their fountain soda just tastes better than other fountain sodas. They must have a really good water purification system for making their pizza dough? Just a guess, but I bet I'm right!Oh also! If you get your pizza wrapped up to go, they put aluminum foil around it. This impressed the hell out of me because I've always done that to my pizza when I bring it home anyway. Well done Pequod's, well done.Love the pizza. Seriously. Delicious. Customer service though? Woof. Twice now they've disappointed hard when I showed up with friends (lost reservations, rude host and waitstaff). I usually recommend everyone come here when they visit Chicago, but I'm not sure that's going to happen any more. May be time to explore new deep dish options!I am updating my review of Pequod's thanks to their great manager, Sean, who reached out to me after reading about my less-than-awesome customer service experience.  He was kind enough to take the time to address my concerns and so I gave the restaurant another go.  I am never disappointed with the pizza when we go here, so I appreciate the effort to make the entire experience positive.  Thank you!I have been hearing about this place for a while and everyone raves about it, so I was excited to try it. And let me tell you, OMG was it a letdown. I don't know if it was over-hyped or what but I didn't think the pizza was that good. I will start with the crust, it was too soft. Sorry! I don't like that melty soft crust. The sausage was good but I don't know, it was just missing something. I can't figure out what it was.  I tried the deep dish and it just lacked. We got leftovers, which were accidently left in my car over night. When I got in the car the next morning I realized because my car smelled of garlic. I just threw the leftovers out, I wasn't going to eat it anyways.I'm sure I will be back, cause the girlfriend loves this place. But I would still rather go to Lou's or Gino's. The deep dish at those places, is just superior.Pequods is amazing. Its like, what are you pequods? Are you deep dish? Are you not? Your ambiguity intrigues me and I will continue eating excessive amounts of you. Pequods pizza has a very thick layer of dough which i absolutely LOVE. Its not as cheesy as traditional deep dish but just as yummy and filling. They have some good beers and lots of seating(two floors). I knocked a star off because the place can use an upgrade. It looks like 1994 in there.I lived in Chicago for 30ish years and not a huge fan of the chain pizza places (Giordanos, Gino's East, etc.)  Well...they're a bit overrated and these types of places serve up the fabulous Chicago Pizza.I was turned onto this place years ago and I'd have to say I frequented the Morton Grove location a few times a month, maybe every other Friday or so.  I cannot say enough AWESOME things about the pan pizza here.  Once we tried the thin crust and it just wasn't the same...it wasn't horrible, but not the same.  Reason it's not the same, being the crust that you get with the pan pizza.  You just have to try it because it's pretty much indescribable.As for this particular location, I've been here less times than the Morton Grove location but if I'm in the city, or in the area I always like to hit up this place.  It's probably a good thing I'm not so close anymore as my waistline won't take so much of a hit :)My last visit to this place was right before the lunch hour on a nice sunny Saturday afternoon...most of the place was empty when we got there and we were seated upstairs.  When we left, the place was packed full with a crowd waiting outside.  Yes...this place is that good!!!  The service and food was great as usual and I will keep coming back to this place when I'm in the area.Pequod's was good but for me not really worthy of the hype and I think that came down to the crust. The crust was so large but so soft. There was no way you could pick up a piece and eat it and I feel like it's not pizza if you can't pick it up with your hands and eat it. But also, I felt like with all the overly fluffy crust, I got shortchanged on cheese. On the plus side there were plenty of the toppings and the right amount of sauce. It made for a good pizza, but not the so highly coveted best-deep-dish-in-Chicago.For me, all deep dish pizzas just end up compared to each other and the two most popular are Giordanos and Lou Malnatis. I prefer Giordanos; Lou Malnatis overdoes the sauce for me, Pequods is similar but instead of overdoing the sauce they overdo the crust, and for me Giordanos just does everything right. Would I go back? Yea, if others pushed for it, but I'd rather other deep dish (whether Giordanos or other local places)Even though I am still not a fan of pequods, I give props to the owner who quickly messaged me to find out about my experience. Thanks for caring!Can't believe I never wrote a review since I love this place. Their deep dish pizza is amazing! Their lunch specials is that too. Not sure if they still do it but Monday-Friday from 10:30AM - 3-PM you can get a small deep dish with your choice of toppings (for like $1 extra if you choose 3 or more but that's including meats). I ordered their medium sized deep dish before and it was huge! I only finished 2 slices and I was full. It took me like 2 days to finish it. This is coming from someone who has a ridiculous appetite and can probably compete in those food contest. Check this place out if you love pizza. It is kinda pricey but that's because of all the ingredients they put into their pizza. Oh, the wait is really long. So if you're an impatient eater like me sometimes, you'll definitely wanna take that anger out on the pizza.Best deep dish pizza I've ever tried. This was my first experience with Chicago deep dish ... Damn good!  Was a long wait but well worth it.I know, this is one of those hyped up Chicago pizza joints and you probably have your own secret neighborhood spot that's waaaayyyy better... Am I right?  Get over it.  Sure this is somewhat touristy, but you know what, it's good. If you're willing to put up with a long wait to get in and then an equally long wait for them to cook the pizza, then this isn't a bad option for you.  Great sauce, awesome caramelized cheese crust, big portions, but I never walk away feeling overly full.  The sausage is delicious. It's also not that greasy which is a bonus for me. Unfortunately the service last time was a little hit or miss. We showed up with a group of 5 around 4:30 and they clearly didn't know how to handle it. Two tables pushed together?  Cram us in a big booth?  They couldn't figure it out. They decided to make us wait 10 minutes until they decided on a table. It was a bit ridiculous considering the place wasn't even that crowded yet. All that aside this is a good pizza spot and I'll be back.Honestly, I thought this pizza was very average. Gave up carbs for 16 days, only to break it by eating this pizza - which sadly wasn't worth it. I ordered a half pepperoni/half green pepper and onions pan pizza. The bread is way too doughy, minimal sauce, minimal cheese, and super large ingredients. The only part I actually liked was the caramelized crust. Apps - Cheesy Garlic Bread - literally just took a roll, cut it in half, added butter, garlic and cheese...not much to it. There wasn't any seasoning or anything special about the bread. Also got Mozzarella sticks - these were obviously frozen before, and ended up being soggy by the time they came to me. I wish I could have loved this place, but it just didn't happen.I love Pequods Pizza. Anytime someone comes to visit and asks to be taken to get "Chicago Deep Dish" I completely ignore their request and take them to Pequods because I love it and I know they will too.That makes this review all that more disappointing to write. I was having an NBA playoffs party this weekend and decided to order a large Pequods for this special occasion. I don't live super close to Pequods so I didn't mind that it took over an hour and a half for the pizza to get there. But the pizza that did arrive was badly misshapen, and cold. As we had been waiting for over an hour and a half, we each grabbed slices and began to eat before we realize that this was a plain cheese pizza we were eating, NOT the pizza we ordered. I called Peaquods to explain the problem. The manager was put on the phone and instead of apologizing,  angrily told me that because we had eaten slices, we would have to PAY for a new pizza to be delivered. When I pointed out that this didn't really make sense, as we had already waited a long time, and the mistake was theirs, she pointed out that "if we sent you another pizza, then our owner would be out TWO pizzas" .No apology, no attempt to make it right. Peaquods solution was that we should wait 3 hours for the right pizza and give them back the other pizza so that they could deliver it as well. I don't know what pizza place would be ok with sending a 3 hour old pizza that had been misdelivered and sitting in someone else's house for the night to customers that had been waiting and spending a good amount of money ($30 for one large pizza delivered) for a fresh hot pizza. The manager was beyond rude to me, and insisted that the only way they could get me the correct pizza, was to charge me for it, or have me accept a smaller pizza. We accepted the smaller pizza, and it did not arrive until Midnight, over 3 hours after we initially ordered. I have NEVER been treated so rudely or expected to not only wait on but PAY for a mistake that a restaurant made. I have eaten at Pequods about once a month for years, and as a coach, often take my sports teams there for end of season parties. I hate to say it because I love the pizza so much, but I don't think I'll be going back there again after being treated so poorly and rudely.I've heard so much about this pizza that I was excited when coworkers decided get together and order some.  They ended up ordering a sausage, bacon and pepperoni pizza. And it was a pretty tasty pizza, even though it wasn't very hit when we got it, we had to heat it up in the microwave. I wouldn't say that it's the best in Chicago though. I can say that I have had better pizza in Chicago that would be more apt to take that position. I don't know if getting it delivered versus eating it there makes a difference. But I will try them again, and do when I have an opportunity to sit down and eat inside the restaurant. And provide an update to my review at that time.Lou Malnati's and Giordano's are supposed to be the best deep dish in Chicago for tourists, and Pequod's is supposed to be the best deep dish in Chicago for locals, or so I hear. I used to live in Chicago for a couple years and while I tried the more touristy places, I had never been to Pequod's until a recent return trip to Chicago.A group of us stopped by for a late weekday lunch and opted for their special. Their $5 personal pizza and drink special is a good deal, but I think I just don't like their style of pizza. I prefer the thinner crust of traditional deep dish (I think of it as a thin plate with lots of sauce/cheese) vs. Pequod's which had a very thick and chewy crust which I hadn't expected. The extra thick crust made the already heavy pizza feel even heavier to me, and I'm just not a fan.Dining here just made me crave Lou's more :( It's just not my preference, and while the pizza is solid, I don't think I'd return in the future since there are better deep dish options.Yes. Best pizza in Chicago. Its a hike from a train station, but the whole walk back I'm thinking, "that was delicious." Not that I sit around talking about food with my friends often, but Pequods is a regular topic of conversation among a group of friends I have.I waited almost two hours to eat at this place, AND IT WAS WORTH IT.My Chicago friend warned me that this place could have crazy lines, but I was all like "Worse lines than NYC? Psh, Impossible!" Nope. Definitely possible. There was a Blackhawks game on and the place was packed. We had some beers at the bar and put in our order with the hostess stand; the pizzas take like 30-45 minutes to make, so it's smart to put in an advance order.This was my first authentic Chicago-style pizza (Uno's doesn't count), and it's enough to make me question Jon Stewart's epic NYC-versus-Chicago-Deep-Dish rant. Maybe it IS an above-ground marinara swimming pool, but encased into an impossibly crispy pan crust and loaded down with so much cheese and sausage and olives and mushrooms. Quite the dramatic presentation when the server thunks it down on the table. A small pizza was too much food for the two of us. I still dream about this place.Let me start off with stating that this place would have gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for the ridiculous prices to add on simple items like mushrooms. I always go here when I'm in Chicago. Yes it is hyped up, but I find that the quality of the toppings and cheese are much better than Lou's IMO.The crust is a bit softer, but that's how I like my pizza....I mean, pie. It's a PIE. I think that's important to note. But yes, I added 5 toppings? Maybe 6. Basically made ours a supreme and it was $50!!!! WHAT? But knowing myself, I'll be back again regardless. It really is something you just have to try. You may like it, you may not. But what I can guarantee is that you'll be impressed with the serving size. No one can beat that 1 inch + deep dish slice.Amazing pizza! The crust was bomb. The waitress was super cool and recommended the best pizza.My favorite deep dish/pan pizza in the city, and it's not even a close call. First you must recognize the difference between pan pizza and deep dish/stuffed pizza. If you're looking for a cheese overdose and are expecting that mozza string that only breaks when you're holding the paddle a foot over your head, that is not this pizza, that is stuffed pizza. I prefer the "light" and fluffy crust of pan pizza to the thickly packed, flattened down cornmeal covered deep dish crust. Admittedly no there is not a ton of cheese on here, but I don't think that's too bad of a thing, especially when they offer extra cheese. I remember having Lou Malnati's for the first time and feeling disappointed. I don't like the patty layer of sausage, and with a lot of stuffed pizza places the toppings are under the cheese, which I really don't care for. The toppings should be crispy on top with a little char, not soggy floating around in cheese. Peqoud's took every tweak I would make in other pan pizza formulas and applied the changes I would make to create the perfect pie. LOL @ the review that said the cheesy garlic bread looked like they just added butter, garlic, and cheese to the bread wtf did you think cheesy garlic bread would have on it, foie gras? The caramelized cheese crust, I don't even need to tell you about, you've already heard it. Service is spot on, not in your face every minute, but your glass is never empty. The place is deceivingly larger than you think because they have an upstairs, so don't be discouraged if it looks full when you walk in! Anyway the pizza is also gorgeous, I remember finishing a huge slice and being full, and the table next to us was just getting their pie delivered to their table and I was like "Ooo I want that. Wait. I have that. I just ate that. Omg I want theirs too though." Anyway I'm in love with Peqoud's and if you have a single taste bud and/or brain cell you will too.I am a huge fan of deep dish and this spot is one of the best in Chicago.A lot of deep dish places in the city are chains, even some of the best ones, but this one is not which gives it a ton of street cred.Lets start with their crust, a very important part of any pizza, especially deep dish.It's amazing. It's thinner than most and although it may look burnt it's actually just blackened with tons and tons of flavor so don't skip eating it.The cheese, sauce, and pepperoni (the last pizza I got from here) blended together in a perfect mix of flavors and textures that only deep dish could.Their ingredients taste fresh and are very flavorful. Some of the better pepperoni I have had in my life.Will order from here again, guaranteed.I don't know. I was underwhelmed the first time and I just had it again yesterday. Left me disappointed...again. Caramelized crust? Doesn't compare to Lou's buttered crust. Sausage as a topping, not inside under the gooey cheese? Such things  should only be done if it is a thin crust. Very doughy. Yea, the $5 lunch special with beer is a delicious option. But even at that price, I might be tempted to pick up a beer and go to Art of Pizza for their slice. Skip.Am I the only one that doesn't like this place?  It was SO overrated!  The pizza was very average and nothing special, especially for the prices.  But, the worst part was definitely the sound of crashing plates coming from the kitchen....I felt like I was at a concert.  I couldn't even hear the people at my table!As a side note, the priority seating list completely failed.  We still had to wait 30 minutes for our table.  Even though we pre-ordered our pizza, it still took another 20+ minutes!Chicago is a GREAT pizza city, but this place is definiely not at the top of the list.So I finally had a chance to try the Pe of the Quod at a co-worker get-together recently and I must say: not being a big deep dish pizza fan myself (I know.. I am clearly an extraterrestrial since I'm from Chicago and not a deep dish fan) this was hands-down the best deep-dish pizza I've ever had. The pizza was cooked perfectly, a cheesy masterpiece, and very flavorful overall. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere of the place energetic and fun.Final Verdict:If I find myself, on the rare occasion that it is, hankering for some deep dish pizza - I can't see myself going anywhere but to Pequod's!Review is for delivery (food) only, so cannot comment on the ambiance.  Pizza is very good, deep pan pizza.  Toppings are applied with a heavy hand, crust is crispy on the outside and everything arrived on time.  Important to note, this is pan pizza (more similar to Lou Malnati's, Gino's) and not Chicago-style stuffed pizza (i.e. Bacinos, Giordanos).There is no other deep dish pizza in Chicago as far as I'm concerned. Sooooo good. I love that cheese you'll keep reading about in reviews, the only thing is, every great once in a while me and the boyfriend have a taste for thin crust. Not the biggest fans of their thin crust pie here....it's not nasty, just the thin crust pie I like is the real thin type with big air bubbles in the crust like say, Piece's thin crust.All in all though, there is NO OTHER, NO BETTER deep dish pizza in Chicago, hell in THE WORLD!!!!Pequod's is the place to be if you are a crust lover. It's flavorful. It has just the right amount of crunch - crackly when you bite into it, but not too hard to cut through. But best of all is the caramelized cheese at the end...those crunchy burnt bites were the perfect end to my meal!For non-crust-lovers, I could see how Pequod's might be a tad disappointing; it is a classic pizza joint so with standard fillings (sausage, pepperoni, spinach, mushroom...). The marinara is balanced but not awe-inspiring (though how inspiring can marinara be?). I was pleased to see that our sausage was cut into thick, hearty slices.For me, though, Pequod's more than makes up for their lack of innovative flavors in that crispy, cheesy crust!First off, any place that features a sperm whale with panties on his head maniacally riding a bike of some sort hawg is my kind of place. So after a $25 can ride,  I walk in the door and it's a neighborhood pizza place. Local all the way. Waitresses and hostess are polite, but not kissing your butt like you're some tourist. Beers are straight-forward. A few local selections, and the usual mass market stuff.So on to the pies: order thin or pan crust, toppings are extra, and there are lots of them.We got two pan pies: 1. Pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, fresh garlic awesomeness.2. Olives, and a bunch of other veggies for the vegetaters. After a few beers, while waiting for the pies:I watched chick ice skating on the Olympics. Gotta love that chick ice skating...The pizza: THICK crust. Burnt black at the top edges from the cast iron pan. HUGE toppings, like sausage the size of a half-dollar. Pepperoni? Yup it's on there, a lot of it. Every now and then, a sharp bit of garlic, and plenty of mushrooms goodness. Crisp bottom to the crust, but light interior. Quite a bit of dough. A lot of places do that thing where the toppings are in the middle and topped with sauce. Not here, it's definitely a pan pizza with the goodness on top.In short: This is one badass pie. I need a nap. A long one. I give it a solid 4.5 stars, and we'll see if they get that last half when I come back for the thinner crust pies.THE MOST OVERRATED PIZZA IN CHICAGO! Wow, I really wanted to like this pizza after all the hype but it was a great disappointment. I am a lover of ALL pizza but especially deep dish. I just don't get the praise especially for the burnt cheese crust - it just tasted bad. Pequods wouldn't even make my top 50 list seriously. Other pizzas nearby are sooooo much better like Art of Pizza. and nearly all others. I do understand how tough the restaurant business can be. Maybe they had an off night? I am very hesitant but maybe some day I will give it one more try, but then again, maybe not.Pequod's is definitely not overrated.  The pan pizza is so good!  Two of us ordered a medium, and it was enough for us to each have 2 slices (and leave so stuffed) and then have another 2 slices to take home.I love that the crust is still crunchy on the bottom.  This is something that other pizzerias haven't mastered.  Giordano's has long been my favorite "Chicago" pizza, because I love cheese (and more cheese), but Pequod's has them beat.  I was appalled at the idea of burnt crust, but somehow it works.  Sorry Lou's, you've got major competition too!We also shared a half salad - the Pequod's salad.  The slices of provolone are shaped like little whales *squeal*!The beer menu is decent, but the pricing was a little more craft beer bar than local pizza place.  I had a Goose Island Green Line for $6.  You can request a table on their website - and it's foolish if you don't do this for a Saturday night.  My request was for 5:30, but because of the snow and traffic, we didn't get here until closer to 6:00 p.m.  When we arrived, I told the hostess about our reservation, but we were handed a pager and informed of a 10 minute wait.   We were seated at the worst possible table in the place.  During our entire meal, patrons were shoving by as they crowded in the "waiting" area, which is essentially maybe ten square feet of floor in front of the hostess stand.  I got elbowed in the back a few times, sometimes it was inevitable and some people apologized.  Others didn't and were too consumed with grouching about their wait.  Even the servers had trouble getting through the crowd!  If you can, get a seat as far away from the door as possible.  I'm happy that even though we were late, we got a seat quickly, but the layout sucks and Pequod's is best avoided during peak times unless you're placing a carryout order.The mascot still has me confused.  I don't know what a whale with...is that a thong on it's face?...has to do with pizza.The deep dish pizzas are really good, but they're super filling. My friend and I couldn't finish the smallest one. I'm not usually a fan of sausage on my pizza, but it was good here.Side note: The regular--- thin crust one... don't even bother.Fabulous deep dish w/ a unique crust. Cozy and fun vibe.WOW! Deep dish goodness.I'm a New York pizza kinda guy, but when it comes to pan pizza, only Pequod's can make you desire a pan pizza more than a New York style pizza. Let's start with the marinara sauce: A little sour, garlicky and spicy. Unlike other pizzas, where the marinara it's just there almost for decor, in pequod's the marinara elevates the flavor to new heights!The borders of the crust are composed of burnt cheese which makes it crispy and chewy at the same time. The only downside to this place is that it gets packed! Beware people! Don't go there hungry. And if you crave for it during the weekends, plan it because sometimes it takes them more than 1hr for pick up orders and more than 1.5 hrs for a table.Got a dope lunch special.  For $4.95 you get a personal pan pizza (7") and a fountain drink OR pint of Bud Light.   Hard to beat for 5 dollars you get a pizza and a beer.  Special is M-F 11am-3pm.  Place was pretty empty for a lunch period which was great for me.  I wasn't trying to wait long to be seated. Overall the pizza was really good.  For lunch and the value it was great.  The edges were slightly burnt a lil too much for my liking but the pizza itself had lots of flavor.  The sauce was perfect and it has more than enough ground beef on it for me.  They definitely weren't stingy with the toppings.  Beer - Bud Light from a tap.  Not hard to mess up LOL.Place is essentially a pizza parlor, not restaurant.  So if you are looking for something classier, go somewhere else.  But if you are like me and just want quality food, affordable food and have the option of getting a drink as well, Pequod's is the place.  Next time I go back I'll likely try something else and see how the bartender pours and I'll update my review. You see I said next time right... I'll be back.So I found out about this place while eating brunch at The Publican. I love Pizza and have had Lou Malnati's before so I felt obligated to try this. 1) Whale with a Thong - So when I saw the picture I said "is that a whale with a thong on its face?". Yes, yes it is. I have no clue while Fudgy the Whale's debauch brother rides a motorcycle with a woman's thong (or cows thong?) on its face, but more power to him.2) Pizza - Wow. I honestly prefer Chicago pizza and this was awesome. I ordered cheese and sausage and had to force myself to stop eating. Thick, airy, buttery crust. Sauce and cheese in the right amounts. Thick slices of sausage. The whole thing was perfect. A medium can feed 3 humans so order appropriately. The restaurant also has a great bar vibe. I could see just drinking beer and watching the Blackhawks or Cubs here. Loved everything about it. I also ordered fried zucchini which was fine. I will 100% go back.Solid deep dish. Their caramelized crust is the best! Also, they have a really great lunch special (monday-friday) where you can get a personal pan pizza and a beer for $4.95. They are also open really late at night and have plenty of upstairs seating.Mouthgasm. They aren't bragging when they speak highly of their crust--it's the damn truth. Crispy and seasoned in all the right places (even in the deepest depths of the bottom of the pizza), it was hands down the most favorite part of the entire pie.However, the sauce and meats did not disappoint either. They, too, were incredibly flavored in their own aspects, and both upheld the overall complex flavors of the pizza throughout its entirety.We came in on a Friday evening, Valentine's Day nonetheless, expecting a ridiculous wait. Surprise! The girls in the party were greeted with roses and we were escorted upstairs, down the hall, and into a nice private booth in the corner almost immediately. Service was a bit far and few in between, but our appetizers and pizza came out in a reasonable amount of time.The appetizer combo had an assortment of various fried & breaded items, adequate for our party of 5, but because we were starving, we had wished it came with a few more items than it did. It came with mozzarella sticks, jalapeño poppers, zucchini slices and mushrooms.We shared a large pie amongst the 5 of us, and slices themselves are decently large. I ate 1.5 slices myself. I could've eaten 2, but was feeling shy and lady-like. The only other complaint I heard within our table was that we wished there had been more cheese in the pizza. Regardless, a very minor complaint, and overall, Pequod's was a winner.Delicious, filling, crispy crust, fantastic burnt cheese on each piece, I especially loved the anchovies :-)My first deep dish pizza. My hubbie and I ordered a large pizza with sausages, mushrooms and pepperoncini. He loved it, but after trying it I prefer a thin crust pizza. First of all, it's a really big pizza. It was enough to eat as dinner and the next day as lunch for the two of us. Second, it tasted really good. Overall we would def order here again.Absolutely my favorite Chicago style deep dish pizza in the city of Chicago. The caramelized crust is seriously the best thing ever. I only wish they somehow could make that part of crust be in every bite.I actually ate a slice backwards because I couldn't wait to get to that crust. Literally nothing is better.Although it's a bit different from your traditional Chicago style deep dish, Pequods pan pizza is my favorite when I am craving pizza.  The way they sprinkle the crust with cheese to create the burnt cheese on the edge of the crust is unique and delicious.  They have great appetizers - wings are solid.  Stop by the Drinkingbird if there is a long line on the weekends, it's the bar right near it which is awesome as well.If I could eat Pequod's every day and not get fat I would do it without thinking twice.Lately we have been getting pinapple, onion, and canadian bacon.  In the past I usually stuck to sausage, spinach and mushroom.  Yum.At the time of this writing, Peaquod's has 1568 reviews, the majority of which are four and five stars. I doubt there's anything I can say that hasn't already been mentioned. I've heard a lot about this place from various people who claimed that it was one of the best pizza joints in the city. Today I finally tried it. You know all that hype you've heard about this place? It's all true.The carmelized crust is what makes Pequod's stand out. It angers me if I go with someone and he or she discards the crust.I have to say, that this was a big win in terms of venue selections for the Chicago Pizza tour. My gf was in love with the pepperoni pizza. My Spinach slice was surprisingly good too. Though my issue is still with the consistency of the crust/bread portion. Here, it was barely an issue and in some ways actually worked with the way the pizza was put together.I have to say if I was a local, I'd frequent here. From cheese, to sauce, to toppings, this place had a good balance.I am somewhat surprised that I've never tried Pequod's before...being a Chicago girl who loves pizza.  However, since I was such a stubborn Gino's East fan, I hadn't ventured over to Pequod's.  However, I visited this past weekend for a party and had such a fun time.First of all, I never would have guessed that this spot was so large.  From the outside, it looks tiny!  Don't get me wrong, considering the place was totally packed, it does still seem a bit small, but there's quite a bit of space and I would imagine if you come at an off-time, there is probably plenty of room to sit.Anyway, we had a reservation for a large crowd and we were seated in the back of the upstairs.  While I wish we had had a larger table instead of a bunch of small round ones, it turned out to be pretty comfortable for us.  Service was attentive and great and we didn't really wait for anything.  Considering we had such a large group, I was impressed with their success at managing our drinks and food orders.We had some fried appetizers and salads.  Everything was delicious and nicely made and fresh.  And on to the pizza....I thought it was great.  Being a devotee of other Chicago pizzas, I wasn't prepared to like this one so much.  I was quite happy with the sausage deep dish.  While I love crust, and this didn't have quite as much as I would have liked, the flavor was really great - crispy and definitely held up well to the cheese/sausage/sauce quantities.  The sauce was great, not too sweet and nice and hot!  Sausage was delicious and there was a nice sauce to cheese ratio.Overall, a great spot.  I would definitely return for the good food and service.  Food - 5Service - 4Atmosphere - 3Bathrooms - 3Value - 5Pequod's was an unexpectedly fantastic deep dish.  Unexpected because I'd never heard of it, and it may be the best deep dish I've ever had!I had a deep dish with pepperoni, pineapple, and extra sauce which would not normally be my first choice, but was absolutely delicious.  I'm told it can be slightly dry on sauce without the extra order, so give that a shot if you feel like something is missing.  The cheesy burnt crust was also an amazing surprise as I don't normally like burnt anything, especially cheese but it too was fantastic!Next time I go back I'm going to have to try  Italian Beef and Jalapeno or Hot Giardiniera!I'll keep the review simple since I had delivery - order it, chow it, sleep it off, repeat.Honestly, the pizza is not good. I've gone twice, and have been disappointed both times. The crust and sauce are entirely too sweet, and the dough is far too crispy for deep dish. The ambience, too, is really blah--generic sports decor. The only reason they got two stars and not one is because the lunch special is so cheap, making it a great choice for college students with low standards.I'm generally not a deep-dish fan, but good lord this is one scrumptious pie!  Nice, casual sports bar vibe.  Lots of families and def kid friendly.  Great service, phenomenal pan pizza, and a great value. Have been once with a group of four for dinner, and once solo for the $4.95 lunch special.  The lunch special is a crazy good deal by any standards.  Huge 7" pan pizza with one topping, includes a beer or soda.  Can I have a beer with lunch?  Hmmm.Yummy, yummy, yummy I got Pequods in my belly.  Everyone is totally jelly.Caramelized cheese crust is a must!  I eat it til I bust!Toppings galore...nothing here is a bore.Had takeout, so I don't know what the restaurant is about!Ordered delivery. It arrived late. When I opened it up, my pizza was cold and soggy and my salad was literally FROZEN solid. I have been here before and remember the pizza being great, but mine was flavorless... SO much bread, basically no sauce and cheese and the spinach I ordered on it was basically non existent. And the salad. DEAR GOD THE SALAD. It was one big frozen chunk! 100% INEDIBLE. I ended up tossing it all in the trash. Total waste of $40.Burnt awesomeness! That burnt looking edge on your deep dish pizza slice? don't cut that off and throw it away. Pequod's secret to an intensely flavored crust is that the pizza masters apply a thin layer of cheese along the sides of the pan. While the resulting flavor is just decent, the texture is ahh-mazing! This caramelization gives a great contrast to the very thick and dense pie. By the time we arrived at Pequod's (after hitting THREE other pizza joints) I was quite full. So, I opted for the spinach version while the bf had the sausage/pepperoni pie. Being that the crust is pretty hefty, some might feel that you need more sauce or more cheese to balance it out, but it was perfect for me since I LOVE carbs. ;-)Located in the Lincoln Park neighborhood, it's a locals hangout but you'll spy the occasional tourists (us!) Definitely worth the train or car ride from tourist central Michigan ave. Go to Pequod's -- crispy cheese crust or bust.I really enjoyed the different take on Chicago deep dish with yummy caramelized crust. If you're into really bready pizza - this is for you. The pizza really lacks in the cheese department - I had to put a bunch of Parmesan on it, which I never do. We went at about 5:30pm on a Friday and didn't have to wait for a table. But the kitchen somehow messed up our order, so they gave us a free app and round of drinks, which was considerate.  Ended up probably waiting 45 mins at least from order to getting our pizza, but was no biggie. I'd recommend checking it out - this type of pizza was just not my fav. I certainly wouldn't wait in line for hours for it though, like many do.personally the best deep dish in chicago in my opinion. the crust is just perfect!great customer service and definitely worth the drive up just to eat here. love coming here and only wish they had a location closer to me so i could make it a regular spot.O-M-G Yelp, check out that deep dish! It is sooooo tasty! My neighbor referred it to me, and there is no turning back. I like Pequod's Pizza and I cannot deny. (Are you awake now?) In an elevator of our building, we smelled and learned about Pequod's Pizza. The neighbor said, "You have to try it. It's one of the best." And three hours later as I was enjoying a deep dish slice, I had to agree. . .So I had a second slice. I think my deep dish craving is satisfied. . .for now. I have had three deep dish pizzas in Chicago and this is by far my favorite. I even convinced my boyfriend, a Giordano's fan, to cross over to Pequod's. He said, "I never thought I like a deep dish more than Giordano's and now, I do!" What are you waiting for? Call Pequod's Pizza now!4.5 stars, would need to visit more to see if it's 5 stars. Happy that they accept reservations. Really loud (we were seated upstairs). But the pizza, my goodness.sausage and pepperoni deep-dish ($19 for medium 12") - 4.5 stars. Caramelized cheese crust was f-ing incredible. It looks burnt, but without any of that bitter burnt taste. I approved of the toppings-to-bread ratio (I don't want foccaccio, yo!). Sausage, pepperoni, cheese, sauce, everything was on point. The crust and base had the crisp & softness of a pan pizza.I know in my heart of hearts that I will be back. That is a promise!I went to Chicago on vacation from Boston and I wanted to experience some authentic deep dish pizza. I tried a couple of the popular chains first (Lou Malnatis and Ginos) and then gave Pequods a try after a recommendation. I thought this was the best of the three. The pizza at Pequods is amazing. I will have dreams of that caramelized crust. The beer selection was decent but could have had some more choices. I loved the casual vibe of the place and the prices were very good for what you get.Pequods used to be really good, I've got gone there now 3 times in the last 3 months and its just not that great.  I've waited till the 3rd trip to write a review hoping for some change.The staff look like they just rolled out of bed and came to work.Service is slow.apps are all fried and probably frozen beforeThe pizza here is just hyped up, its not that great anymore.  I remember years ago it tasting real good.  The one good thing is that they were open on Christmas.We ordered Pequod's for delivery after a recommendation from a friend. I'm not usually a review person, but I was so impressed I had to write one for this place! I'm reeeeeaaallly picky about my pizza--I hate thin crust and Chicago-style deep dish usually makes me sick. Pequod's pan pizza was a perfect medium. We ordered a plain ol' pepperoni for our first try, and it was literally what you think of when you think of Pizza, all cheesy, hot, and delicious. Plus, they initially told us an hour and 45 minutes for delivery (nbd, Saturday night at a popular place) and they came after just over an hour with hot, fresh pizza.The third stop on the pizza tour and the second deep dish pizza we tried.  I got the pepperoni and the bf got spinach.  The pepperoni deep dish was absolutely the BEST pizza I've had during the entire trip in Chicago and the best deep dish pizza I'd ever had (well, out of about four different choices).  There was a decent amount of sauce with a perfectly caramelized crust.  I wish we ate here first so I wasn't so full of unsatisfactory pizza.  The place was pretty crowded and loud when we arrived.  We were seated upstairs but the tour guide had called ahead for our orders so the wait time wasn't long at all.  This is probably not the usual case though.  I would totally stop by on my next Chicago visit.I'm a self proclaimed pizza savant, and this is my go to place for deep dish. Best pepporoni pizza you will eat in your lifetime.The carmalized crust is the real deal. The burnt parts on the top of the crust? Oh my is it delicious. And the great part about not having an overly-cheesy pizza? The left-overs you eat the next day for lunch still taste amazing!I've taken countless out of town friends/family here, and I've only had two people say they've had better pizza before. Unfortunately for me, those are my future in-laws. Not quite enough to end an engagement... but close! :-).Every person who eats pizza owes it to themselves to try Pequod's!I usually love deep dish pizza, and good service...but received none of that.I understand that waiters and waitresses level of service can vary upon locations, but this one was pretty bad.  We got our orders taken and nearly 40 minutes passed until we got checked up on.  And the only reason why she stopped by was because our pizza was finished.  So we bite into our pizza to find out that the inside was cold, not warm or room temp, but cold.  The pizza looked like it had ingredients globbed on and there was no firm structure like Lou's.  It would just fall apart and in part, probably due to the uncooked factor.Save your money, Lou's, Giordano's, and Gino's are where you want to eat.I had VERY high hopes for this place!!The yelp reviews were so high that I just KNEW this was going to be a homerun in the pizzeria arena! Buuuuttt--- NOPE!The mozz sticks were great.The pizza on the other hand- not so great. The sauce was horrible- no flavor.The cheese on the pizza was great-- very cheesy. When I am in the mood for pizza-- I will stick to my usual--- UNO!I only ate a few slices of pizza before paying for it and abandoning the pizza.I went to Chicago to experience deep dish pizza and while it is good, it is not anywhere near as good as NYC pizza.  In terms of deep dish for Chicago, two locations stood out to me; this and Lou Malnati's.  This is hands down better than Lou's but both are good.  If you are staying in the loop, Malnati's would be a great alternative, but if you don't mind traveling, go to Pequod's.  Pequod's had a much better vibe to it and I didn't feel like I was at a chain restaurant.  The service was a little slower here, but it was worth the wait.Good pizza and relatively good value. Definitely Not worth a delivery wait of an hour and a half. We got the pan pizza, only cheese. Frankly it could have been cheesier but the biggest problem was the ratio of bread to everything else. It's just so much bread in every bite that it feels like the pizza ingredients are  periphery flavors when you're eating it. The sauce was fantastic though. I usually don't like a lot of sauce but this place makes it so well that I didn't mind the high amount at all. Also, the edges are very charred and char is an addition of flavor. Pequods is worth a try but I'm a little surprised it gets the public adulation it gets. I agreed to an hour and a half wait so I'm not mad at that but I'm surprised it's so in demand I had to wait so long.Amazing deep dish pizza here.  The place was not packed when we got there around 5, but by the time we left, there was enough of a queue.  It was worth the 45 minute wait for the pizza.  It is the only deep dish I had while in Chicago - and it was the only one I needed.  Two of us shared a medium and it was more than enough... took home some leftovers, and enjoyed the pizza cold later!Would definitely come again!Best deep dish I've had in Chicago. Better than Gino's and Malnatis. Immediate seating on a Sunday afternoon for 3 people.The best pizza I have ever eaten. Out of every city, every restaurant, it's truly to die for. Their wings are mouth watering as well, only problem is you won't be able to walk out of there because you're too full! I've never been disappointed. And it's in Lincoln Park, I live in Wicker, and they deliver to me! Love.Extremely well seasoned cast iron. Gooey high quality cheese fantastic sauce and stellar toppings all make for an extremely enjoyable pizza. What separates their pizza from the rest is the caramelized crown that surrounds the edge of the pizza. NOTHING compliments pizza crust like caramelized cheese!!! Must goI daresay that Pequod's Pizzeria, which is located in the vicinity of Wrigley Field (Chicago's baseball stadium), rivals even Lou Malnati's Pizzeria itself for best Chicago-style deep dish pizza!  I absolutely LOVED my deep dish pan pizza from Pequod's - it was perfectly tender in the middle and crispy on the outside, just as I like my pizza.  The restaurant itself is big and we didn't need reservations at 7pm on a Wednesday night in mid-October.  We were initially seated at a high-top table but requested to be seated at a booth and they were quite accommodating, which I appreciated.  The service was good overall but the food was even better.  I highly recommend the 7" personal pan pizza - I got cheese only and it was perfect!The caramelized cheese on the crust for the pan pizza is magical. This is one of the best pies in Chicago. Absolutely delicious. Pequod's delivers. And that is fantastic. However, the problem is that they take this magical pizza and put it in a styrofoam clamshell and then put that clamshell in a plastic bag, which they tie tightly at the top. By the time you get the delivery, it is a soggy mess inside a plastic bag wet with condensation. I've asked them to simply box the pizza, but they won't. I'd eat here every week if they could deliver me a pizza in a box rather than a steam bath. Don't get delivery. But DEFINITELY go there and get this pizza. It is incredibly delicious.Don't think it looks like much from the outside? Haven't you ever heard the saying, don't judge a book by its cover? I had lived near here for months and  I can't tell you how many times I passed this place without ever thinking twice - that is until I heard just about every single one of my friends mention it.So I broke down to check it out and I'm so glad I did. The night I was there both floors were filled with a diverse clientele including young couples on a casual date night, college kids coming in for a study break, and large parties with three generations of family members all enjoying the food, college football, and atmosphere. The pizza was phenomenal, especially the sauce and the crust sets it apart from some of the other standard Chicago pizza favs. I personally love the fact that you get the idea this was once someone's home turned into a pizza joint that still makes you feel as comfortable as if you were in someone's home.It has become one of my all-time favorite Chicago pizzas!They delivered excellent pizza to Emporium Arcade Bar where my friends and I were hanging out, well in advance of the time they stated would be the delivery time. We got one large sausage deep dish and one small mushroom pizza deep dish, and I actually wish we had done the reverse because the mushroom was amazing. Like other people are saying, I appreciated the crust.I've never visited the actual location, so I can't speak to that aspect of the Pequod's experience.I guess it's pile on with the praise (so don't let it go to your head you guys) but man is this place fantastic. The best way to describe it is the "anti-Malnati's" The pizza is just as good (maybe even better) but the atmosphere is much less "corporate" with a well worn interior, t-shirts of the restaurant's mascot hanging for sale behind the bar (I think it's a whale, Lord I hope it's a whale because if it's not, I am officially concerned) and a straight view into the kitchen. Lou would never stand for such frivolity!I had a sausage pizza and it was awesome. Thick crust, perfectly done, with a nice layer of burnt cheese around the edge. A great tomato sauce and thick gooey cheese. Well worth the wait.The lunch special of a personal pizza and either draft beer (Bud Light) or soda for $5 is insane. Seriously what is wrong with you people!?Then again, it was the perfect ploy as I wanted to try it so I used the lunch special as my entree into Pequod's. Now I'll be back since I've tasted the cheese, saucy goodness.Well played Pequod's, well played...Since moving out from Chicago, the two things I miss the most are Portillos and Pequods. Nothing else compares to the crust and sausage you get here.Deep-crust-pizza-is-not-real-pizza-but-god-damn-­this-pizza-is-good!Aww man that was difficult to say :/New Yorkers gon' hateWent to Pequod's last week and just got around to leaving a review. There was no wait around 8 and we got in right away which was nice. This was my first time going to Pequod's and thought that the restaurant was very nice. It had a nice sporty but classy atmosphere. The bar looked to be nice and they seemed to have many options but I can strictly for one thing, the pizza! The hostess sat my friend and In the back near the restrooms and kitchen. It was quite loud and hard to hear the other person talk and I felt like I was right in the path of the servers. Possibly get rid of that table. We ordered a small pepperoni pan pizza which was a a good price. The small is cut into four pieces and is plenty to feed two or three people. The pizza came out pretty quick no long wait for the kind of pizza that it is which was nice and the pizza looked wonderful. I took my first bite and I was very pleased. However I was not overwhelmed with the first bite. The sauce was okay but nothing to special and the pepperoni was good but they were typical pepperoni pieces that I could find on a dominos pizza. Overall the service was great and the pizza was okay but nothing out of the ordinary. I would recommend this place to friends though.As my friend (Angie G.) took me around Chicago as a tourist, I was so excited to try this place! She ranted and raved that it was the best pizza I would ever put in my mouth. We ordered a big deep dish. I believed we ordered some sort of meat lover's special and she ordered the giardenara and pineapple. I had some of both and both were AMAZING. The taste was spot on, cooked to perfection, and it came out piping hot. The downside to this place is the wait time. It does take a long time for the pizzas to come out! However, I don't really mind this because I know my pizza was made to order. WARNING: I recently went back for a second visit during the lunch hour. I ordered a "personal pizza". OMG. Horrible. Do not order the personal pizzas. Stick to the big deep dish, their specialty! A night and day difference, I tell you.The service was good; the vibe is like a sports bar. A "chill" pizza joint where you can have a genuinely good time over pizza and beer. Go!This is really good pizza...I have had the pan and the thin.  The pan is awesome, loaded with toppings, the cheese and the sauce or awesome.  It is one of my favorites (I have 2, the other being Lou's), the difference in choosing your deep dish is if you want left overs.  If you don't want left-overs I would go with Peaquods, while if you know you are going to have left overs I would go Lou's.  Pequods dries out a little faster when you reheat it....so you are going to have to gorge yourself when you get it.  I also really like the thin crust, it is really thin and the ends were surprising, they are sort of twisted dough with a light crunch but still a touch buttery and really good.Best pizza in the city. Hands down. Deep dish, thin crust, you name it. Some people complain about the wait but honestly, there wouldn't be a wait if it wasn't worth it. Atmosphere in the restaurant itself is old school Chicago. Great for delivery or dine-in. Quality sauce, quality toppings...this is it if you're coming to Chicago looking for a good pie.The best deep dish pizza within city limits. ((Drops mic))Otherwise... it gets crowded. Its loud. Get a reservation and order ahead.The first time I came here I made the mistake of not making a reservation. We ended up waiting upwards of two hours for a table. Since then, I've learned that they do take reservations! Amazing. Another tip-- even after you make a reservation you should call about an hour before you get there to start your pizza. The pizzas take a long time to cook, so this will get the za on your table soon after you arrive. The pizza itself is delicious. The sauce is the best! The crust and base are breadier than Lou Malnati's but not as bready as Giordano's.I am the owner of an established (1999) and busy Northside Pizzeria (Pizzeria Aroma) that DOES NOT make Deep Dish.  When my family & I are craving deep dish, Peqoud's is our choice bar none.The carmelized crust and world class sauce are simply amazing.When you are in the business and make your own sauce, dough and pies for a living, seals of approval for other people's pizza DOES not come easy.Whether it be this locale, or the hole in the wall close to our home in Morton Grove, Peqoud's DEEP DISH (only..thin not so special.) has all of my respect.I was the girl who went to Home Run Inn since i was a kid and then got into giordanos connies etc and as of lately Lou Malnatis. I thought i tasted the best of the best in pizza but boy was i wrong. This place is beyond amazing. I was super skeptical before coming my boyfriend raved about it but the minute i tasted this delicious pie ive never looked back. every time i meet someone whos new to the city or visiting i always tell them this is the go to place.Sorry, Lou Malnati's, I've found a new love...and they deliver to my home in Des Plaines.This review is actually for the Morton Grove location.  I work in Evanston and my boss told me about this place.  We ordered in for my birthday.  Must admit, I was pleasantly surprised!  Different than Lou's, but in a good way.  Love the fresh garlic with spinach and mushrooms.  Sausage can be hit or miss, but this is a hit.  Can't wait to try the pepperoni.  Maybe Super Bowl Sunday.Bottom line, delicious deep dish pizza and they don't discriminate against me because of my DP address.  Win-win.My friends and I ordered two medium pan pizzas for the 5 of us (3 guys and two girls) and it was the perfect portion - the server gave a great recommendation.Overall, the pizza was very good but the "caramelized crust" I've heard raved about translates to "burnt cheese". Now, call me crazy but I liked burnt cheese (and so did others with me) so we didn't mind so much, but others may. Good amount of cheese + sauce + toppings. I took away a star mostly because it seems as though they are trying to copy Lou Malnati's butter crust, but it's not quite there that the flavor falls flat. Chicago style pizza is all about the crust and if you mess that up, it's kind of a fail. I would probably order Lou's over this, but wouldn't hate going back either.I love this place! But it seems when they get swamped with delivery orders, the customers in the dinning room suffer.  We waited 45 mins for our pizza because they thought delivery was more important than us and made their pizzas first. They did give us 50% off but still, I'm hungry.Couple of my friends really like this pizzeria so we came here to celebrate my friend's birthday. There were 14 of us, and we made reservation a week in advance. They were pretty quick in getting our reservation so that was awesome. We were seated on the second floor.We shared appetizers. I thought the stuffed mushrooms were decent. I enjoyed it - it wasn't soggy and had the right crisp. The filling werent full of mushroom juice either. My friend ordered 4 types of deep dish pizzas (sausage, pepperoni, mushroom, and spinach). I had a slice of the sausage and mushroom. It was decent. LOTS of crust though. Felt like I was eating bread! I would prefer less crust. For the spinach pizza there was barely any spinach on the pizza. Some of my friends who had the spinach pizza said it was more of a cheese pizza :(. The mushroom pizza were done fast!We also had cheesy garlic bread which was okay too. We had a reservation from 7pm and stayed til almost 11pm. We were the only ones there but they didnt kick us out. A friend realize they were cleaning up so we decided to leave. It was nice of them to not kick us out. Overall decent pizzeria, but not my favorite. Spacca Napoli is still my #1 pizzeria in Chicago!One of my new favorite deep dish pizza spots. I've been to Giordano's, Gino's East, Lou Malnati's, and now this one and Gino's East will be my "go-to" places for pizza on my Chicago trips.The wait wasn't terrible - on a Saturday evening, we had a party of 8 call ahead to be put down on the list, and we waited for 5-10 minutes when we got there. Much better than the lines at Gino's East, and I love the fact that you can call ahead of time to get put on a "priority list" for faster seating when you get there.As an appetizer, we got wings which were pretty unmemorable, and a fried sampler assortment ($8.95) of mushrooms, mozzarella sticks, zucchini sticks and jalapeno poppers. Everything was fried in the same batter, so it was pretty much a guess as to what you were actually eating until you put it in your mouth. I liked the deep fried mushrooms that I had, but I like most deep-fried things. The Cheesy Garlic Bread ($3.95) is just okay. Save your carbs for the pizza. Ditto on the salad - it was good and made us feel slightly better about carb-heavy dinner, but it was nothing to write home about.The pizza on the other hand was phenomenal. The crust was crispy and not soggy in the middle; the tomato sauce was the right proportion and the amount of cheese was just right. I loved both the pepperoni pizza and the sausage & spinach pizza that we got. I think less toppings is more when it comes to ordering, so that the toppings don't completely overwhelm the crust, tomato, and cheese. The large size is pretty generous, and being 8 girls, most people ate 1.5 slices each.The price is affordable too - we paid $25 a piece which included beer, appetizers, salad, and 2 large pizzas (split between 8 people). Would highly recommend over Lou Malnati's and Giordano's and I'm looking forward to coming back here again for more!Stop reading reviews and leave for this place. Now.Bold statement I'll claim: best deep dish in town. It's all in the crust and the ingredients are super fresh. Decent beer prices (we ate in) and pretty quick service considering all the take out orders.My only knock would be don't get the fried app platter, it was fairly average relative to the pizza and not worth the price. Overall a great experience and I will keep coming here as long as I live in the neighborhood.Deep dish ain't pizza; it's lasagna with bread. That's cool, though. It still tastes pretty good, and I've yet to meet a native Chicagoan who will fight to the death to defend his city's pizza as the finest creation known to man.That said, I've eaten my fair share of deep dish and figured it's always good to have a place in your back pocket for when the family and friends come to visit. I've done the big three gauntlet and Lou Malnati's is my winner. However, I asked around for the best "local" spot to grab a deep dish slice, and the answer came back Pequod's.Pequod's is small, grungy, and really looks like half a bar than serves pizza on the side. But aside from all that, Pequod's actually makes a rather nice pie. There's nothing special on the menu, just the basics. Start with a cheese, and ingredient your way up.I was already massively hungry, so we ordered jalapeno poppers to start. I'll take the cheddar/yellow/orange filling over cream cheese any day of the week, so Pequod's already got off the blocks well. Still not as good as Jack in the Box, which makes an incomparable popper. But good.Pequod's deep dish, unlike the Big 3, isn't overzealous with the bread. It's still a chore to eat, but for different reasons. Pequod's says it caramelizes its crust, but what that really means is they char it to a crisp. For a guy that loves blackened anything (especially char on brisket), I loved it. Aside from the char, the breading is thinner than the typical deep dish, and much easier to eat. The sauce is plentiful (another check mark in my book), and although I'd heard that Pequod's goes easy on the cheese, the white stuff was still overkill for me. The tomato sauce came extra sweet, almost, say, Pizza Hut style as opposed to the more pomodoro/crushed tomato sourish taste.Admittedly biased since I love deep dish...The place was packed and we were ushered to a stairway in the back of the building. Much to my surprise there was a second level which was also packed.  I loved every type of pizza they offered here.First a point of clarification.  Chicago is the pizza capitol of the world.  To rebuttals, especially from New York, I chuckle condescendingly. Pequod's serves Chicago's best pan pizza.Ive had my fair share of Chicago deep dishes, but this is a place I've been looking forward to trying for a long time.  And it delivered on all the hype!  The crust isn't too heavy like other deep dish places and the high temp crush lends to some amazing flavor.  If you are keen to try amazing deep dish, put this place in your top 3.This is only a review of the service because we didnt get to eat. Went there roday and it smelled amazing. Sat down and the waitress came over and we ordered our drinks and a salad. Salad and our waters came out quick and we ordered our pizza then... Nothing. Server didnt come back for over 30 mins. Came back finally and said 'i got caught up and forgot to take your order' no, idiot.... You took it 30 mins ago. Walks away again after she finds on her pad where she wrote it down then walked away to see if she put it in the computer. Then she didnt come back again and had another server come over to tell us she didnt put it in the computer! I undestand people make mistakes but not coming to check on your table for over 30 mins and then not owning up to your mistake is pretty crappy. We had been there over an hour now and they offered to rush our pizza... No thanks. The manager was super nice as was the other server tht got our problem dumped on her. They ended up comping our salad and water for over an hour of our time.On a Bucket List tour of Chicago, so I got to try Pequod's finally! Got delivery, was totally worth it. Reminds me of what pizza hut could be if they didn't SUCK and what Noble Romans in Northern Indiana was in my childhood....Had sausage on my half. Just fantastic. Just enough cheese, maybe a TINY bit more sauce would have been good, but it wasn't dry at all like other reviewers experienced. The plain cheese was also fantastic, but the crispy, blackened cheese on the edges of the crust made it even BETTER!I am going to be so sad when I move to Nashville and there is NO GOOD PIZZA :'''(Walking through the Lincoln Park neighborhood I knew I had to try Peqoud's.  The accolades from this establishment stem from the original owner and his understanding of what makes a good deep dish pizza.  I've even seen the food being sampled on TV as I was channel surfing.  Dropped in and tried a Large deep dish pizza, half pepperoni, half sausage, extra cheese, extra sauce, and garlic.  Not surprisingly the caramelized cheese crust immediately set this pizza apart from all others.  I've never had so much cheese crust on one pizza before, which I highly appreciated, as it's my favorite part of a good pizza.  It's nice to have a pizza place where you don't have to hope there will be sufficient caramelized cheese on the crust due to chance, I will definitely be returning.This is some mighty fine pizza.  Thin crust pizza is my favorite but after hearing people talk about Pequod's deep dish pie we decided to give it a try. Without a doubt this is the best deep dish pizza I have ever had.Best Pizza in the Chicagoland area hands down!! Always saw my friends on Facebook post pictures and statuses about how this was the best place in Chicago to get pizza. Well they were right!!Went to this place on a Saturday. And it was packed!! The restaurant itself has a bar look to it. Definitely recommend ordering pick-up or delivery unless you don't mind waiting for 30-50 minutes to be seated and then having to probably wait for your pizza. Overall the pizza hit the spot! I definitely will come back and order from this place for future pizza cravings. Forget that weak stuff like Papa Johns.Definitely a tasty deep dish spot. I wasn't thrilled with the service - it felt like it took us forever to get drinks, and then forever again to order. Once we actually got our food they were pretty attentive, though. Somewhat limited drink selection, but it's definitely worth a try!THIS IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST DEEP DISH PIZZA EVER!!!My boyfriend and I  was on a mission to find the best pizza in Chicago! Our friends recommended trying Lou Malnati's so we went to Pequod's first thinking we would save the best for last. Well let me tell you PEQUOD's was the best we've ever had! We are from Los Angeles so we dont mind waiting in line to be seated. The wait was about 30mins, not too bad. We ordered the deep dish with Sausage, Pepperoni and Mushrooms.  It was the biggest sausages we've seen on a pizza! This place out beats all the places in Los Angeles and everywhere else! The sauce / cheese everything was sooo good and fresh!! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE IF YOU'RE IN CHICAGO!!! TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!Pequod's is not a traditional Chicago Deep Dish like Lou Malnati's, but it is quite possibly the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.The sauce: sweet and zesty. The crust: puffy and crispy on the outside, but there's more...Pequod's pan pizza has caramelized (read: burnt) cheese on the outer crust, which is created by laying slices of cheese up against the inside wall of the pan and letting it run down around the outside of the crust as it rises and bakes (there is no "sprinkling" involved).This cheesy, crispy outer char-crust is the reason you come here.When ordering, make sure you order the PAN pizza and not the thin crust. The thin, although not bad (I've had better thin crust), does not have this crunchy cheesy goodness on it's outer crust, and you will leave disappointed, like many New Yorkers seem to have already done on Yelp.Keep the number of toppings to a minimum. I recommend only 2 toppings at a time, but I wouldn't go over 3. Don't go overboard or you will lose the greatness of this pizza in all of the toppings. Avoid anchovies at all costs!My fellow Pequod-a-holics and I have come up with a consensus of good combinations; here are a few of our favorites:Pepperoni and Garlic - You really can't go wrong with this one (My personal favorite).Italian Sausage and Pepperoncini (spicy yellow peppers) - for the people who like a little heat.Italian Sausage and ... just about anything - They have great Italian Sausage at Pequod's.Pepperoni / Sausage combo - best of both worlds.Spinach and Garlic - a classic combo (even better with Italian Sausage).The Heartstopper - You could ask for it by name, but they won't know what the heck you're talking about. This is the only exception to the 3 toppings or less rule. Every meat available goes on this pie (Sausage, Ground Beef, Canadian Bacon, Pepperoni), with the optional addition of fresh garlic, and yes, you do run the risk of not getting the full effect of a Pequod pizza, but ... damn, it's good.You can see pics and read my full review at:realdeepdish.com/2010/03…The only reason it doesn't get five stars is because the servers looked like they didn't want to be there.The food is so great...!!!. We got the Pequads salad and it was delcious.The pan pizza is buttery and delicious. We heated it up the next day and it was better than the first day! I'm a Lou's girl normally, but Pequads put up a good fight and it's 4 minutes away from my house. Boom.- The pizza is outstanding.- $5 for a personal pan pizza /and/ a drink at lunchtime?  How can you top that?Out of towner review*Came here with my friend who lives in the Lincoln park area. She said this is her favorite pizza place. I thought the crowd was due to it being the weekend of the Chicago marathon, but my friend said its always pretty crowded. We were a group of 6 but we were seated right away with reservations. The burnt crust was really good to me, but my sister was not a fan. My boyfriend also said the pizza was too heavy for him and he had major food coma afterwards.Overall, I would say its delicious :) I would come back if I am ever back in Chicago.My first Chicago deep dish pizza! I didn't realize Pequods is so highly rated - love my cousins for taking me here.It was a Tuesday night, seemed like a medium size crowd. No wait. I believe we ordered pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, and green pepper on a pan pizza. It took a noticeably long time for the pizza to get to our table, but it was worth the wait. It tasted fresh, filling, and scrumptious. I don't think it's something I could eat too often, but it's definitely a good meal.Great deep dish pizza experience, even with the long wait. Seems like a great casual spot.Can I still go back to regular pizza after this?My fav pizza place in Chicago! It's pan style pizza (or choice of thin crust) so the crust is thicker, but DELICIOUS. It's a popular place so go during off hours. I went right after work on a Wednesday and got there at 5:45...not too bad, but avoid it during dinner rush on the weekends. I wouldn't suggest getting any of the salads, it's nothing special. Although, I did enjoy the whale shaped mozzerella :)I also got delivery on lonely Friday night and I don't suggest it. If you're going to eat Pequods, dine in. The pizza came 1 hour and 30 min later due to it being a Friday night around dinner time (understandable). But by the time I dived in to eat it, it was soggy and not as hot.Spinach, tomato, and garlic on a pan pizza is the best!Yes, I said it.  No meat, just a good veg deep dish - notice the lack of onions?  the lack of olives or any such unnecessary "ingredients"?  Pequod's makes an amazing deep dish, and if you want to get a good pie without feeling like you overdid it, go veg.  Drink a beer, wine, or soda and be happy.  I can honestly say, I've never been disappointed with the food here.Gotta love the caramelized crust!Some of the best pizza that can be found anywhere -- deep dish and thin slice -- but some the worst wine. I love just about everything but their wine. The red blend tasted like syrup and the Zinfandel was not much better. Love to see them get a cheap chianti and or a Tempranillo on their list.Horrible customer service! From the hostess, to the waitresses, to the managers. We come from out of town to eat here, and the last time we went the hostess wanted to split my party of 20 up, and avoid our reservation upstairs because they were "closing" come to find out when we finally made our way upstairs and we're getting seated we saw multiple employees sitting down in booths eating and drinking. Their was also lots of other people up there eating as well. An hour and a half goes by and half of there staff gives us attitude, with dirty stares and talking under there breath.. And our waiter even spilled water on two people at our table. Minutes later four of there girl employees start talking crap to us, mind you they were drunk. Where's the manager?!! He came, sent them home.. That was it! Ridiculous. Never again. GREAT PIZZA. But.... Their staff needs a serious attitude adjustment!This place is gr8 for a really cheap lunch! U get a personal deep dish pizza & a drink of ur choice for only $5. Pizza is one topping only but u get to choose from any fountain drink or a pint of Bud Light. Best value is to get the Bud Light if ur a beer drinker & don't mind the taste. The beer alone is $6 + pizza = $10+ Now for those ppl who say it's the best in the city, I wud hafta disagree. Cuz I luv cheese on my pizza, lots of it! & this pizza, although it is gud, lacks that. Thus, only 4 stars.This is the best pizza I've ever had.  I took a picture of it, and I show that picture to strangers I meet on my travels.  Not like, "Oh those are your kids?  Let me show you a picture of my deep dish."  More like, "Oh you're going to Chicago?  You HAVE to eat at Pequod's... lemme show you something."The crust (oh, the crust!) is a chewy, buttery, jewel of a treat in and of itself, and is what stands out the most.  It is not the floury, floppy NYC crust with the fabled magic mineral-water flavor of which I'm fond, and it's not the behemoth uber deep dish pie that people associate with Chicago.  It's more like a Pizza Hut deep dish on roids.  I can't believe I'm going to say Pizza Hut in a Pequod's review, but it is the easiest way to describe the general shape of the pizza.  Either way, Pizza Hut, you're welcome.Cheese, sauce, toppings are all strong enough to hold their own as well.  Just do yourself a favor, (stop me if you've heard this) if you are going to Chicago you HAVE to eat at Pequod's.  Sure, if you have time- check out the John Hancock building and Millennium Park, but by all means, get Pequod's.Food still good but very poor service. Plates were dirty and green peppers on pizza still had stickers on them. If they aren't removing stickers are they even washing the produce? It's a shame good food but no quality control. Manager removed pizza from bill will try again.I did not enjoy my delivery pizza. We ordered a sausage, green pepper and onion pan pizza.  I was pretty excited because my brother claims Pequod's is the best.Alas. I either caught them on a bad day, or my brother has bad taste in pizza. The presentation was awful, the sauce and crust were bland and the veggies were cut too big and were undercooked, totally watering down the pizza. My brother reckons if I'd skipped the veg I'd have had a better experience. However, given the blandness of the sauce and crust, I am not so sure about that.You would be really hard-pressed to find better Chicago-style deep dish pizza in the city. There are the classics, like Lou's and Giordano's, but I believe you lose a little something when you start opening up your restaurant in multiples. Pequod's is still unique, and it's in high demand--I recommend putting your name in, and then going next door to the Drinkingbird while you wait, which could be easily be and hour or more. It's close enough so that your buzzer will still go off when your table is ready. Also, avoid going during Blackhawks games or Bulls games--people tend to sit at their tables and extend the wait time even longer than it is already! But then again, IT IS worth the wait!!! :)Best deep dish in Chicago!!! The wait time is pretty long but worth it, and it gets SUPER packed on weekend evenings. But I usually come here late night- love that it's open until 3 am!Best deep dish in Chicago... Love this place!What's the all the hype about Pequod's? It's not even deep dish - it's a pan pizza. Seriously, check the menu. It's a pan pizza than a traditional Chicago deep dish so there is a lot of dough - kind of like focaccia bread. There are two things going for their pizza - the burnt cheese/crust and the tomato sauce. Yes, burnt food can lead to cancer but it tastes so good. Why can't things like cheese and butter be good for you? The pizza is generously drenched in the tomato sauce but I didn't mind because it was thick, robust, and zesty. I would eat a bowl of pasta topped with the sauce since it was that good. If DePaul students weren't spoiled enough, the Lincoln Park location is open until 2am on the weekends vs. the 10pm hour at the Morton Grove location. Pequod's - not quite a true Chicago deep dish pizza but still good.I finally made my way to Peaquod's Pizzeria after hearing a lot of buzz about how they offer one of the best tasting pizzas in Chicago.  There are two levels to this restaurant: first floor has a bar vibe to it with its stools and high tables while the second floor offers a pizzeria feel with its booths.  My party opted to sit upstairs because it was less crowded and noisy.We started off with some cheesy garlic bread and breaded mushrooms, which were nothing special.  It tastes just like any other pizzeria I have been to.  For pizza, we decided on thin crust, yea I know I know...it all about the deep dish but we're just not deep dish kind of people.  We got half pineapple and bacon and half pepperoni and sausage.  Oh my goodness, this pizza was delicious.  There was something about the seasoning and the crust that pushed this pizza to the next level.  The cheese was cooked just right that it was still bubbling and gooey when it came out.The service here was also pretty good.  Our waitress was really attentive and had a great sense of humor.  She served us each a slice of pizza when it came out and made sure all our drinks were still full throughout our meal.  Greatly appreciated!  The only thing I have to complain about is their cleanliness.  The table was sticky and the seats were full of crumbs from previous customers.  How hard is it to take a rag and wipe it down?  Eh....even though it's not that clean, it's not a deal breaker.  I'll still come back for their delicious pizza.I've been here a few times whenever I'm out in Chicago and it's hands down one of the best pan pizzas you can get in Chicago.  Special caramelized cheese crust.  The sausage is the bomb-diggity.  There's a pretty good lunch special with a Bud Lite and personal pan pizza for like 7 or 8 bucks.  But if you're here with 2 people, you may as well just get a medium pizza.Tons of TVs.  Great divey, yet family-friendly atmosphere.  Daisy Cutter on draft.  Affordable.  What more can you want?Wow wow wow. Pequod's is now my favorite thin crust pizza - not just in Chicago, but anywhere! We stopped in here for an early lunch on a Saturday, and it was basically empty. It was then (along with seeing the TVs and bar) that I realized this is probably more of an evening/pizza/beers scene, but I would go back for any meal. We were a little taken aback from the prices ($15.90 for a large, plus ~$2 for each topping) but once we saw actually how large the "large" was, it made sense. The two of us were able to eat both lunch and dinner off that one pizza. We ordered ours with pepperoni, sausage, and giardiniera which was a great combo to start with. But it was their seasonings, the crust, and the thinness of the pizza in general that put it over the top. So many flavors, so delicious.The service was attentive and I think it was either the manager or owner who came by to see how everything was. For two of us and two pops, it was about $30 including tip. I can't wait until we go the next time so I can try the deep dish, or the $4.95 lunch special!Don't believe the hype. I was bamboozled by the good reviews for this place. I ordered a medium deep dish cheese yesterday which cost a little over $18 with delivery. The crust was VERY  thick and doughy, with too much sauce. I was amazed especially by how little cheese there was on the pizza- I mean veerry little. I've never really been a fan of deep dish pizza because it is too much cheese, but this pizza I don't even think you can classify as deep dish at all. Save your money.okay, was recommended by a local, met there with a group, then the next day we were craving late night deep dish pizza, so made a taxi stop before heading to Kingston Mines!  Great pizza, service and quite a mouthful.  Go  hungry!  Great pizza.Peaquod's comes the closest to scratching my itch for Detroit/Buddy's style pizza in this city. Robust sauce, delightful caramelization around the edges, and I don't end up in a cheese coma after 1 slice.Could be a good pizza but very bad service! we had a reservation and they had us waiting for an hour and a half! Rediculous! Find another pizza place.Best pizza in Chicago, hand's down. Great managing of a Chicago classic. This place gets busy because it's just that good and fun place to hang out with friends or bring the family before a movie.Can't say enough good things about this place. It's pizza but it's pretty much perfect. It's deep dish and you definitely don't need to eat more than one slice but you will. DO IT.I am more of a thin slice pizza lover but when you are in Chicago you need eat the deep dish, and damn this was deep and delicious. I ordered a pepperoni and olive personal pizza and it blew me away. What got me was the crust which was very flavorful. Also had a decent amount of sauce on it, which was also very good.I live in Seattle and we have a Chicago Style Pizza place here. I will have to check it out and see how it compares but I do know I will have to come back when I am in Chicago again.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!So I really wanted to love Pequod's because my friend Susan RAVED about this place. Maybe it was the 1.5 mile walk from the El that deterred me, maybe it was the AWFUL first date going on at the table next to me, maybe my expectations were too high - but I just thought it was okay. Don't get me wrong, it was certainly above chain pizza crap and I did enjoy it, but it didn't knock me off my rocker. I had a personal pizza with nearly everything on it, and I think maybe that was the problem. I didn't get the entire essence of Pequod's because my sister doesn't like deep dish and I was stuck with a baby pizza. Don't worry I shook my fist vigorously at her when she told me this AFTER we walked 1.5 miles in the snow uphill both ways (I'm only slightly exaggerating)  to eat at this place. Either way, I'm willing to go back and try it again because I really want this place to be as groundbreaking as everyone says it is.Refused to deliver ONE street outside of their delivery range, even though their own website says (and i quote):"we are accustomed to making reasonable exceptions. Out of delivery range = additional $1.00"Literally ONE street.  Management, please make sure your "dispatcher" is on the same page as your store policies.Pequod's is the only place I know that can actually go head-to-head with Lou Malnati's. The caramelized crust is to die for. The bruschetta and the combination platter were very good, but kinda standard. The servers and hosts are kind, but don't try to kiss your ass, which I love.Out to dinner with my Aunt ArleneIt smells so good in here!What a great place!So.. yes.. granted, I am a bit older than some of my Yelp Friends,and..I have eaten pizza throughout my life in many different pizzaspots.. circa the 70's through the present.And.. I have come to this conclusion.. Pequod's is truly the bestdeep dish pizza I have had in/throughout my lifetime!I won't mention any other names of other pizza restaurants but noneof them compare to Pequod's.I don't know if any of you have had pizza come to your tablethat looked like they just threw on canned veggies and just sloppy looking,but.. I have.Well.. gotta say Pequod's obviously cares about the food they are bringingout to their customers because everything was so fresh.. pure quality!And.. no skimping of any ingredients going on at Pequod's thats for sure,Just an overabundance of goodness!And being that it was Tuesday Night this place was packed, a steady flowof people which never stopped coming.We had a great table by the window and I loved the vibe I was gettingat Pequod's.. just relaxing and very cool.The entire staff was outstanding, from the hostess who greeted usat the door to all the very hardworking servers.Props to everyone at Pequod's!So.. tonight may have been my first official visit to Pequod's..but.. it sure won't be my last..Whats not to love about this place?If it's not broke.. no need to fix it..And for certain.. there's nothing broken here...I am no expert on deep dish pizza.  In fact, my first attempt to eat "authentic deep dish pizza" in Chicago led me to a small(ish) and unassuming place called, "Uno" (fail).  However, I was committed to find "the best" deep dish pizza my second time back to Chicago, and that hunt led me to Pequod's.It's hard to dispute the opinion of legions of reviewers and opinionated Chicago taxi drivers, but I'm glad that this was the one place we chose for our deep dish experience.  Clearly local and beloved by those they serve, we got a beautifully decadent deep-dish pizza that both satisfied and soiled us thoroughly.I guess at the end of the day, I'm not a deep-dish pizza kind of guy, as I still found myself craving a slice of Di Fara's or Fornino's.  However, our taxi driver home told us that HIS favourite was actually the thin crust at Pequod's, and that even their own deep dish could not compare.  Well, at least we got our deep-dish fix this time to Chicago, plus another reason to head on back for another round!Recently appointed as my favorite pizza place in Chicago.Love both their deep dish and pan pizzas and their drink selection is perfect for the type of food being served.I love going here during basketball season to catch a game, eat some delicious food and great drinks. Although it can be really crowded we never feel rushed and the service is great.I won't get into the debate of New York Pizza and Chicago-style Pizza, but I will say that Pequod's definitely exceeded my expectations. Everyone told me that this was better than Lou Malnati's, so I had to try it out when I was in town visiting some friends. Tables were very crowded, but we managed to come at just the right time.The bar scene was great, and we were definitely stuffed after ordering our own specialty pizzas. The crust is great and the amount of cheese to sauce is just right. Gotta love that stuff. Just wish it didn't take so long for to come out. I know it's common place for deep dish to take longer, just had to say it.One thing I love was the presence of Fat Tire. I know Fat Tire might be pretty commonplace in Chicago, but it's actually hard to come by in New York City. I definitely drank my share of Fat Tires while I was eating, which made the experience even better. I'll definitely be back, next time I'm in the area. Might need one more visit to push me over the edge and declare deep dish pizza as the better alternative to NYC pizza.There's simply no other choice where pizza is concerned. I'm a devoted crust-first kind of girl, but this caramelized crust is SERIOUS, enough to make me reconsider my stance. My go-to is sausage and spinach, a truly glorious combination. One or two pieces will fill you up, which is just fine because it reheats perfectly in an oven. Service is satisfactory, but nothing stellar, and I also think that beers are overpriced. This is a pizza joint all the way, and nothing else compares.This is the best deep dish pizza ever. I have gone here a million times and it is always the same quality and same taste! Never been to a place that is so consistent in their food quality and flavor!What I really love? Besides the caramelized crust and the quality of toppings, I love the quantity of sauce on their pizza! It is always perfect! Just the right amount, which doesn't make their pizza go dry, even if you take it home and eat it the next day!No other place is of any comparison to Pequod's. It is worth all the hype!!I would recommend going on a week night to avoid the long wait on weekends!Pequods!!!! OMG! Their crust is the most amazing thing in life! Solid deep dish pizza! Their delivery time is pretty quick and the pizza itself is damn awesome! Can't wait to order from here again! Absolutely love this place!!!!I had one if the best deep dish pizza experiences of my life at Pequods Morton Grove location.  This location I wasted half an hour and didn't have the opportunity to try the food. I had to leave before I could get a table. The place was packed with loud, seemingly drunk college students which were disrespectful. Here's a bit of my review of the other location where the staff and clientele are mature, courteous, and respectful:Surprisingly, deep dish pizza is not a common as you would expect for Chicago. Pequods is not the best known, but certainly one of the best tasting. The pizza and the service at Pequods in Morton Grove are worth the long wait.Pizza is good. Service is not. Would not recommend.Delivery times on Sunday night estimated at an hour and a half. Pizza was delivered to wrong address, and driver blamed this error on us, the customer.  When calling Pequod's back, both the person answering the phone and the manager were unfriendly and unsympathetic.Ultimately, our pizza was ordered at 6 PM and delivered at 8:30 PM after three phone calls to the pizzeria. Pizza was delivered cold. Again, would not recommend.If there was only a way to give this 10 stars I would.  While I get my fair share of eye rolling from other Chicago-style pizza lovers, THIS is my favorite deep dish in town.  The sauce...  The crust...I probably eat here once a month and would go more if my wallet and waistline would allow it.  Tuesdays are my favorite night to go, because you can grab a pie (I'd suggest calling ahead and having them start it if you're in a rush--it is deep dish after all) then go see a 1/2 price movie at the Regal on Webster right across the street.  They also have a very respectable craft beer selection.  I wish they had more specials, but lets be serious, I'm definitely going to come here anyway.Not bad, but doesn't meet the hype.  A 2.5 star rating would be perfect, but I rounded it up for them.I ordered the recommended specialty here: Large, pan pizza with sausage for carry out.  The order was ready when I arrived at exactly the quoted time, on a busy Saturday night around 9pm, during a Hawks' game.It seems watching the Hawks here would be a good idea.The pizza: it wasn't bad, but it sure was a lot of bread.  The "carmelized" crust is more like burned cheese crust, but I actually enjoyed that quite a bit.  The sausage chunks are excellent, with even a hint of sweetness to them.  However, the bottom line is that the sauce and cheese don't have enough flavor to match other famous Chicago pizza places. I tossed some crushed red pepper and parmesan on top and the flavor improved greatly.  It is a good deal too, unlike Art of Pizza or Gino's. I'd go here again if I'm not feeling Lou's or Piece, which for me are much better.  I will have to go and check out the original creator's small place up in Morton Grove sometime.Want some Chicago style Pizza?  I'll save you some time.  Pequod's beats Giordano's beats Lou Malnati's beats Pizzeria Uno beats Gino's EastGreat pizza. Burnt crust is delicious.I went here for lunch and it was just ok for me.  Lou Malnati's is my favorite pizza but I decided to give Pequod's a try after reading the reviews.  The lunch special is a great deal but I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  First of all, the drinks we had tasted weird.  I don't know if it was the ice, the cups, or the fountain gun, but something just made the coke taste kinda dirty.  The pizza was good but not great.  It really is more like Pizza Hut pan pizza than Chicago style pizza.  So if you prefer a more pan style with a lot of bread then you'd probably enjoy this.Drive passed Lou's, Gino's or that disgusting chain called Giordano's and stop at Pequods.2 Words: Carmalized Crust, its life changing. Don't fool yourself and get the thin crust, the 5 stars is for the Pan Pizza. The Pizza is just right, not too heavy and  over-bearing like some deep dishes. Its  solid enough that you don't have to knife and fork it.Also, Word of advice from a guy who religiously frequents Pequods..Get extra Sauce and Cheese in addition to whatever other toppings you are getting.I like big crusts and I cannot lie.Alright, I'm going to stop there and not try to make this into a thing.  But really, I could sing praises of Pequod's big crusts and their carmelized perfection.My husband, who is originally from Chicago,  has Lou Malnati's delivered from Chicago to Denver on his birthday, but one visit to Pequod's was enough to make him completely disregard his loyalties.  So, if you're like me and only visiting Chicago, you can get the legit deep dish experience at this pizzeria.  We had walked approximately a bajillion miles while we were out exploring the neighborhoods on foot, so we arrived hungry.  We waited about 30 minutes fo rour pizza to arrive and when it did one slice of our sausage and olive pie was enough to fill me up.  They have a decent selection of beers, as well, so you can arrive thirsty, too.Recommend the pan pizza pepperoni is my personal favorite.. Had the zucchini as an appetizer was great love this place !!!People always talk about how Pequod's has awesome pizza and based on the reviews on Yelp, my boyfriend and I ordered a large pan pizza for delivery last night. I was expecting a little piece of heaven in my mouth, but it wasn't there. We ordered a large pan pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and green peppers for delivery. After tip, it almost came out to $40, and what a waste of $40 that was. I love the caramelized cheese on the crust and the sweet sauce, but the bread on the pizza wasn't good. It lacked seasoning and didn't taste like anything. It wasn't buttery, it wasn't salty, it wasn't... anything. In my boyfriend's words, it's like they stacked a whole bunch of tortillas on top of each other and then created a pizza with it. Maybe Pequod's isn't good for delivery. I might give this place another try, but I'll definitely dining in.. If I have another $40 to spend on a pizza.When in Chicago, you have to try Deep Dish pizza..... but you have to also hold in your hunger for 45 minutes for it to be made.It's cool that Peqouds offers sauceless options - i'm allergic to tomatoes, so it was great that me and my friends could order a Pizza that was half and half ! The crust is crunchy and yummy, and they did a nice job with the amount of peperoni - the saucy side was super saucy - my people enjoyed it a lot !!After a NYE debacle, ending with a credit towards another pizza and salad, I ordered again on a normal week night to see if Pequod's could redeem themselves. They did not and I will never order from here agin. The pizza just wasn't that good, overpriced and not that hot when delivered.Ordered deep dish spinach for delivery.  When I opened the box, it looked...questionable.  Then I had my first bite and it is probably the best deep dish I've ever had.  Deeeeeeeeeeeelicious!Definitely not overrated.  GREAT PIZZA!I'm not a huge fan of deep dish pizza which is the only reason I left 4 stars. The toppings were great and from what I hear it's some of the best Chicago style pizza you can get in the city. Very laid back place and the wait staff is very friendly.Was staying at the dana hotel on a business trip, which happened to be within the delivery zone of this number-one-friend-recommended deep dish pizza place in Chicago. Fortunately, I remembered that deep dish takes MUCH longer than the quick-fires that I'm used to, so I ordered about an hour ahead, which was perfect because, with delivery, it took 1 hr 10 min. WORTH IT!! I ordered the personal size (7") with meatballs, mushrooms, and pineapple (toppings are charged per, btw), and man was it delicious!! Their cheese and toppings are so yummy, and that caramelized crust is omgtodiefor. I are the whole thing. It's probably enough for two people of my size (5'6" 125 lbs) to eat, but there was just no way I wasn't going to down every bite of that scrumptiousness. Seriously, I don't care how small you are, get at least a medium if you're sharing or tell whoever you're with to get their own! nom nom nom!!The BEST pizza I have ever consumed!  Be warned...  Get less than you think.  A personal deep dish will serve two.  A small will feed three.  A medium will feed five.  Get it?  But besides getting totally full, this place was amazing.  On a tip, we enjoyed a giardiniera, garlic, basil, and sliced sausage pizza and I can't explain the enjoyment it created!  The ambiance was "local" and relaxed.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Also, if you go there on Friday or Saturday, be early or be ready to wait about 2 hours.  Locals kill this place on the weekends.  Enjoy!Probably my favorite Chicago pizza place!Not exactly deep dish, but it certainly different from any ordinary pizza place. What makes Pequod's pizza awesome is their crust, which is buttery, garlicky and perfectly crisped/caramelized... yum! The pizza ingredients are also always so fresh too!This place has two stories, first floor seems small, but once you go to the second floor, there's a lot of tables, the three times I've been, I never had to wait for more than 15 minutes.Located in Lincoln Park, so if you're visiting the city, just know that this isn't located in the loop so you'll most likely have to drive or take the El(subway). This place is a must for Chicago style pizza!BEST PIZZA IN CHICAGO !! love this place veggie or meat what ever you would like best pan pizza in chicago def manke the stop.I cheated and got thin crust so automatically I will have to return for deep dish so I can do an updated review. Overall? This place is fantastic. I was HONGRY, yes hungry with an o when I walked in from the cold and the delicious smell alone about brought me to tears. We started with the bruschetta and when it arrived I was skeptical. I had never seen it served that way before with the tomatoes and onions in a ramekin like salsa and the baguettes fanned out around it. I was pleasantly surprised however at how great it tasted. We did a medium thin crust pepperoni and fresh garlic and finished every last bite between the two of us. I could have ordered another. The people around us that did get the deep dish made me very, very jealous. I will be back for seconds! Stay tuned.Make sure you reserve about 2 hours to eat there.  I ordered cheese bread and a small deep dish pizza.  The bread came an hour later and pizza followed 1 hour and 15 minutes after the ordered was placed.  Wait was much more than I expected.Hands down best pizza in Chicago.  Lou's is great but pequods is just a bit better!  The caramelized crust can't be beat.First off, I love pizza just as much as the next man and Pequods is no different. The crust is good, the sauce is good, the pizza is good. The portions are good, the apps are good, the beer is good. Most of all I like the place with the Chicago sports vibe all over and even on the workers uniform.Everytime I frequent Pequods I leave in a pizza coma and that's a good problem. They would really win my heart over and the fifth star if they had bacon. Canadian bacon? Wheretheydothat@?One of the best pizza pies I've had in a really long time! It's in-between deep dish and thin crust, of course more thick than thin. Their sauce and toppings were excellent but the crust steals the show!I love me some deep dish from Quods.Their deep dish is great, among the best in Chicago. The carmelized cheese on the crust makes it what it is. Its much better when you eat-in (retains the crispiness), but delivery is still good. The thin crust is so-so. Its fine in a pinch but there are better places in Chicago. Eat-in if you can. There are always long lines but its a fun place to watch a Blackhawks game.Once you've gone Pequod, you'll never be able to go back to regular pizza. Seriously, I do not know how I am going to be able to order and eat pizza in Saint Louis again. I was in Chicago for business and meet up with two local Yelpers, Lupe d. and Damian P. for lunch. If it were not for their hospitality I would have never discovered Pequod's and true pizza.Side note: Meeting up with a fellow Yelper is easier then someone on those Internet dating sites. Yelpers post "real and current" pictures. Both Damian and I started out with a Pequot Salad (Half Size). What attracted me to this amazing salad, is that they use no Iceberg lettuce. I have a strong dislike for Iceberg and was thrilled that they use Romaine. They then garnish it a variety of fresh vegetable toppings, pepperoni, pepperoncini and cheese. If it were not for Lupe being a regular and alerting us to take note of the cheese. Damian and I both would missed the detail that the cheese is sliced in the shape of a whale. Another big bonus point is that they always serve the salad dressing on the side in a little cup. Besides the conversation and meeting fellow Yelpers from another city, the piece of resistance was the pizza itself.  Being a man from Saint Louis, I am use to thin crust and not a fan of "deep dish pizza".  However, when I saw the description how they make their pan pizza on the menu, I was sold. Pizza prepared in cast iron pans that have been blackened by decades of seasoning, is a winner. Then being told that the overflowing cheese emerges from the oven as a halo of caramelized crust had me saying, "thank-you Jesus". My personalized 7" size pizza with pepperoni, Italian sausage and jalapeño blew me away. I will tell you, Pequod's does not skimp on toppings, the tomato sauce is rich and the mozzarella cheese melted perfectly. The service was friendly. We had a main server who was there when we needed her and other team members assisted making sure our food was delivered to our table in a timely fashion. I have found my pizza heaven, I just wish it were closer to home.Mmmmm best deep dish pizza in Chicago!  I love Pequod's, they have some awesome pizza.  They bake the pizza in cast iron pizza pans which gives the crust the crispy texture I love and the flavor is great as well.  The sauce, cheese, and toppings are always spot on too.  All together you have one tasty pizza!Once you step in, it doesn't look like a very big place, but they have a 2nd floor which is quite large.  The atmosphere is very lively since it's always busy, they have tv's throughout the place, and though small, a decent beer list.  This is a pizza place though so I can't complain.Yes, I've had Lou Malnati's and they do have great pizza too, but I prefer Pequod's, especially if I'm dining in.  Lou's is a boring place to eat unless you're looking for a nice quite dinner in what looks like your grandma's living room.You need to eat at Pequod's if you haven't done so already.Everything said already - ditto! I will take it a step further; I live in New York. I've tried all the New York favs, i.e. Grimaldi's and crew. Honestly, Pequod's is officially, hands down, the best pizza in the USA! That's right, Pequod's Chicago Deep Dish beats New York pizza hands down, from a real New Yorker; and I've got several friends of mine that agrees. The worst part of Pequod's is that I can't get it delivered to me in NYCIf it's your first visit, the perfect order at Pequod's is small pan pizza with sausage, pepperoni, and extra cheese. ***druelArguably the best deep dish pizza in Chicago. Love the burnt edges on the crust!Tried this place on the suggestion of my sister. We arrived around 5:00 on a Saturday evening and were seated right away in the upstairs dining area. There were 5 of us and we were seated at a booth made for 4. We dragged a table over to our booth to give ourselves a little more room. The waitress indicated they may need that table for others but fortunately it was not needed. We ordered cheese garlic bread and chicken strips as appetizers and two medium deep dish pizzas, both of which were plenty for 5 adults. The food was tasty but I must admit the deep dish pizza from Lou Malnati's is much better. Overall it was a good experience, though it can get loud later in the evening.Finally I've tried the pizza that my friends have been raving about!  I've had a lot of deep dish in the last few weeks, trying to find the best in town for my English boyfriend.  Together we've had Uno's, Lou Malnati's, and Gino's East - of course I've tried Giordano's too.  Some better than others, but I don't think he ever got what the fuss was about with Chicago style deep dish.  Too bad he left before I came here!On a warm, sunny Saturday, the place was pretty busy with a 30 minute wait around 6:45 pm.  You'd do well to order while you wait since the pizzas can take 45 minutes or more to make.  We waited outside on the bench facing Clybourn, until our buzzer finally went off and we went to our booth - the place is bigger than it looks, with two floors and several rooms.  The atmosphere was a lot like a neighborhood bar - lively and fun, with TVs playing the game and lots of people drinking and laughing.We started with a pitcher of Blue Moon, the first of two, and after about 45 minutes in the oven our spinach-and-sausage pizza came to the table.  The server cut the first slices, and the hot cheese stretched high - so appetizing!  Unlike a lot of deep dish, this pizza doesn't taste greasy or heavy.  Sure it's a lot of food, but it tastes almost fresh.  The spinach was abundant, the sausage had to be homemade - it was full of flavor and spices.  The crust stayed crispy the whole time, never getting weighed down by sauce and toppings.  My friend pointed out that I'd basically inhaled my first slice - I was hungry, but it was also so delicious I didn't want to take a break!  A large pizza filled three of us (with one piece left over).  Any appetizers would've just filled us up for no good reason so I'm glad we just stuck to pizza.It's not overpriced, the atmosphere is fun, the pizza is great, and it's worth a little wait outside.  I still have love for Lou's and Gino's East, but this is definitely the place to go for Chicago deep dish.Horrible, if you want a piece of bread with a millimeter of cheese on top then this is your place!  When you open the pizza it looks great but don't be deceived.. Been a customer for a decade and it's a shame to write this! GDDItems ordered include:Medium Pan - Half SausageMedium Thin - Half BasilFor our third stop of the night it was decided we should finally pay a visit to Pequod's, a space formerly helmed by Burt Katz, where many claim the best deep dish pizza in the city can be found and although I cannot disagree that this is the best deep dish I've experienced within city limits I most certainly can say I would much rather drive out to visit Burt's in Morton Grove than deal with the disorganization, noise, and hassle that is Pequod's ever again.  Beginning first with a forty-five minute wait just to obtain a seat and progressing to a nearly thirty minute wait before ordering followed by a deafening hour-long delay before our pies would arrive there really is not much to like about the demeanor, decibels, or décor at Pequod's and although the beautifully caramelized crust and rich, bright tomato sauce certainly outshine the flavors at Uno or even Lou Malnati's it is only to a small degree - not one worth such annoyances, and the thin crust option was actually quite dismal - a limp pie with a doughy crust that could just as easily be made from a box at home.I should have reviewed Pequod's long ago... They have the best deep dish in Chicago, no contest, the best. Whenever a friend visits and wants deep dish, this is the place to go! Their wings are also amazing, along with the pequods salad (don't miss it!) They also have a solid drink menu, that's reasonably priced! Needless to say, it's one of my favorite pizza places in the city!This place has been on my "Pizza Wish List" for years.  Finally had a chance to try one of their deep dish pizzas yesterday.The crust is similar to Lou Malnati's.  The sauce is much sweeter, you can really taste the basil in the sauce  The cheese is nice and smooth.Overall, a decent pie.Warning: "caramelized crust" = blackened/charred/burned on the edges.What! The pizza is what makes a spot. And this spot is done correctly. I am one of those "deep dish pizza super snobs who really only eats traditional deep dish and from other competitors and now I am a believer that there is way more out there than I thought. Oh wow, are you really going to tell me that this is heaven? I was floored with the place, but the pizza took me to another level with its crispy edges of cheese. Oh was I going to HELL for enjoying this way too much. I started off of course with a salad, that actually had cheese in the shape of a whale, my friend told me that it is the whale from one of the books, I forget which one. I am hearing that it is hard to get a seat on Fridays and Saturdays, but we came on a Sunday afternoon and it was really not bad. I am one to admit, this pizza really took me there. To the moon and back! Check them and you tell me if I was wrong.Given the number of reviews, I don't feel the need to elaborate any further than affirming that Pequod's has fantastic deep dish pizza; having tried all the major joints in Chicago (Uno, Duo, Lou's, Giordano's, Gino's, etc.), this is easily my favorite.  There's just something about that crust!  I wasn't a fan of the atmosphere (a little too dark and noisy for my taste), and my plate came with a little something extra that the dishwashers missed, but the solid service and delicious pizza will keep me coming back!As a side note, Pequod's pizzas seems to use less cheese than many other deep dish staples (the crust is thicker), so you might want to consider ordering with extra cheese.  It's excellent as is, but if you prefer a little crust with your cheese, keep this in mind!This is hands down the best chicago deep dish. It doesn't have that doughy layer of who-knows-what that giordanos has on top. It just has pure layer after layer of toppings topped off with a caramelized crust. Perfect deliciousness. Also have beers by the pitcher, went so well with my jalapeno topping. 2 slices from the medium pizza and I am done. There could be a good wait if you come in the middle of primetime even though they have additional seating area upstairs.THIS is what I think of when I want Chicago deep dish pizza! On my first visit, my friends took us here for pizza. I left VERY satisfied with the choice and VERY full. Service was excellent with our party of (15ish?). When they took us in, I noticed how small the dining floor was while the hostess escorted us to our table. I thought, "Uh.. I don't see any tables available." Then she took us up stairs where there was a lot more seating. Ah. So there is room for a big party.Fast forward, I came back to visit again 9months later. This time we asked my girlfriend's local friends where they eat pizza. Three of us went on this visit. Three of us were not very pleased with the suggestion. I decided that we HAD to do Chicago deep dish pizza properly & came here the next night. Case in point. If you want deep dish pizza, go to Pequod's. Hands down. No questions asked. Just do it!Typically a fan. Word of advice don't order a pizza on the saturday before st Patricks day. They are rude and make excuses. Great pizza. Horrible employees.Deep dish pizza = good. Definitely better than the tourist favorite that is Uno's. Unfortunately, the ravioli with the basil pesto wasn't so good; it was very dry and lacked flavor. I had to request extra olive oil but that only helped make it less dry yet still kind of flavorless. The greens salad that I got before my meal was far more delicious with it's house Italian dressing than my actual meal. :( Sidenote: Our waitress totally spaced on our appetizer so I didn't get to try the bruschetta - waaaaah! We barely got an apology or any attempt to fix her snafu. Double waaaaah.Coming from a girl who isn't  big pizza eater (or eater of any other carbs for that matter), the pizza here was surprisingly AMAZING. I was afraid to be disappointed in this "DEEP DISH" pizza that Chicago is known for (much due to my own personal preferences) but I was blown away at how delicious and texturally fabulous this DEEP dish pizza was. The crust is caramelized, so when you cut into it, you can feel the crispy crust breaking underneath your knife. The crust is crispy and topped with fresh cheeses, meats and veggies. The pizza must be eaten with a knife and fork BTW. The toppings (they recommend no more than 7 so that the pizza cooks thoroughly) are fresh and are lightly tossed on the deep dish pizza so that it is light and airy. Only reason why I avoid pizza is because the dough is dense and I feel overly stuffed after a single slice. The pizza here doesn't leave me feeling that way and I'm full after two slices sans caloric guilt.The place is open late and me being a spontaneous procrastinator entered with only 15 minutes left on the clock. We ordered a pizza and it was on our table in 10 mins. Large size pizza ($35 with tax and tip) split amongst 5 people and we (and our taste buds) were all satisfied. This is my first taste of deep dish pizza in Chi Town and I am absolutely blown away as to how delicious this was. I am very glad it was my first meal in the windy city. I can't wait to come back for more Pequods!!!Pequods pizza makes everything better...well at least feelings of frustration resulting from their inadequate and nonsensical system for requesting a table.  As advertised on their website, I made a request for priority seating a few days ahead of our visit. When we arrived at the time we had indicated on said request, we were told it would be about 15-20min, which is totally understandable. The frustrating part came when groups of walk-ins who came in after started to be seated before us. Even more frustrating was that the 15-20min was more like 45-50. But like I said, the pizza went a long way to making me feel better. This was one of those rare times when the food lived up to the hype. Although a bit pricey, the pizza had a really good balance of sauce and cheese...with the chunks of sausage being huge and flavorful. While I would go back, the price and long wait time prevent me from doing it more often.Love this spot. More of a pan pizza and not a deep dish - we're only talking like 2" thick. BUT STILL! The best pizza in Chicago. Gotta try it!I was disappointed by the overall taste of the pizza.Saw this place on "Chicago's Best" for best pizza, and it did not disappoint! Great deep dish pizza, one of the best we had. The way the crust at the top of the pizza was caramelized because of being cooked by the pan is something that can't be duplicated. Great Pizza!Great atmosphere also, nice little place in Lincoln Park where you can have a beer, catch a game and have a great pizza.If im back in the area I'll defintely stop by again.Deep dish and deeply in love!I have no clue how I have not been here yet but I made my arrival!! The pizza my friend and I ordered was a veggie lovers delight! We asked for green peppers, onions, mushrooms and jalapeno peppers.  The sauce was perfect! Not too tangy or sweet and the toppings were toppling over perfectly!  The best part of the pizza was the crispy carmelized cheesy crust!I wish there could be a whole pizza made just of that crispy crust!It seems the place is crowded any day of the week since I was there on a random Tuesday night and word to the wise preorder your pizza before arrival to avoid the torturous wait for that mouthwatering slice of pie!I absolutely love love love this place and can't wait to go back for the lunch special!On my recent trip to Chicago, I asked a few locals where the best pizza was, and the unanimous answer was Pequods.  I was raised in Chicago but haven't been back in years.  Came on a Sunday night and ordered a sausage deep dish on one 1/2 of the pie, and mushroom/olives/green peppers and sausage on the other 1/2.  Also had an order of the breaded mushrooms which were excellent.  When the pizza arrived I definitely was not disappointed.  I've been to Lou Malnatis, Giordanos, Ginos East, and Unos and I must say this pizza is definitely up there.  I would definitely recommend their pies over Lou Malnatis.  If you're from Chicago and have pizza places like this around, I would be embarrassed to be ordering pizza from Pizza Hut, Dominos or Papa Johns.  Definitely give this place a try and you will not be disappointed.Definitely my favorite spot for deep dish.  The wait can be a little long if you try to show up at 7-8 on a Friday or Saturday, but what did you expect?Service has always been great.  We had family in from out of town last week, so of course we took them to Pequod's.  The owner happened to be walking around and he came by to chat with us for a few minutes, made us feel like we were the only ones in the restaurant.Best pizza in Chicago; the carmelized cheese crust kills it.  Fun fact: The owner loves Moby Dick, hence the name Pequod's.  If you order the Pequod salad, they cut the mozzarella into whale shapes!Deep dish Sausage, Mushrooms, and Jalapeno pizza; end of story.If you happen to ever find yourself in an argument over what place has the best deep dish pizza in Chicago, just say Pequod's. You will win the argument.(Good beer selection + across the street from movie theater = perfect date night)Ok this Pizza Joint single handly tops all the pizza joints in Chicago. I would go here over Lou's! The crust was baked to perfection, and the ingredients that were used was of the highest quality. The place may seem small on the outside, but when we were taken upstairs, I couldn't believe how big the restaurant became. Seriously, skip Lou's come here!Went to Pequod's with high expectations after hearing so much buzz about their caramelized crust. Well, if you've never had it, here's the straight talk: caramelized crust = burnt cheese crust. They put extra cheese on the edge so that it "caramelizes" but it's not really a dark golden char, like maybe a grilled cheese would produce. It's burnt. As in black. As in potentially-cancer-inducing burnt. If you're into that, then this is your place. As for me, um, no thanks.Jet's Pizza is caramelized. Pequod's is burnt. Simple as that.What's more, one of our two pizzas had a burnt crust on the bottom. The servers didn't seem to care a lick about it. When we talked to the manager, he shrugged his shoulders and said the pizza happened to be in a hotter spot in the stove. OK. But we still don't like burnt-bottom-crust pizza. After some more (polite) discussion, the manager gave us a replacement pizza...but of course we had to wait another 20 minutes for it.On the plus side, there was a generous amount of sauce and the sausage had a nice flavor to it. But if burnt edge crust (and apparently burnt bottom crust too) is their signature, I'll pass and go back to Lou's or the original Uno's on Ohio Street.It is hard to remember being so disappointed. Eating pizza at all the awesome places in this city we had always said, "And soon we'll eat Pequod's and it will be life changing good!". It's always on top lists and I just saw it today on Eater's 38 essential  Chicago restaurants. I ordered a large deep dish to surprise my husband with two weeks ago and we were both so excited. No flavor. Seriously, no flavor. I had to put salt and pepper all over this thing just to taste something. I can't remember that much cheese ever being so unsatisfying before. And the mushrooms were just like water. When is one slice all that I want?? It was such a waste. The crust was good and I can see why people like that but I just feel like I was robbed because I ate bad pizza in Chicago. I could have gone anywhere else, even  Pizza Hut and enjoyed my pizza more because this was that bad. Give me thin crust at Spacca Napoli or deep dish at Exchequer any day over this.A friend who recently moved to Chicago had their deep dish, and was simply raving about it. So I was compelled to try it out myself. I made the mistake in trying to get a table on a Saturday night, so we passed on it. Over a month later, we came back when it was less busy, and wow, it was worth it! I ordered a medium to eat that night and take home a little leftover, with some AMAZING sausage and black olives. Having read on here just now that they take reservations, really helps next time I want to come back. It's a pretty small place, not at all conductive to waiting, but once you're in there, it's worth it!  If you're coming via transit, take the Red, Brown or Purple (express) to the Fullerton station, and then take the 74 Fullerton bus west, get off at Greenview, and walk south towards N Clybourn, the place will be on the left just across the street from Regal Cinemas and Barnes & Noble.And there's no A in the name. Now I know.Great pizza.  And apparently popular with a 45 minute wait to get in, but definitely worth the wait.Very pleasant and attentive staff.Their specialty is deep dish so that's what you need to get. For me what is star worthy is the owner is hands on.  I have much respect for small business owners that know how to make it happen.Nice place to do busIness with :)This place was an outstanding deep-dish pizza place that scored well all round.It's a neat old place that has character and thankfully plenty of room since it has upstairs and downstairs.  The deep dish pizza was outstanding, hot with a crispy crust, lots of flavour, cheese, sauce, etc., and the crust was rather caramelized on the edge.  Salads and appetizers were good.  Mozzarella sticks and fried zucchini were great, too.  Pasta (ordered for the one kid who does not like pizza) was good.  Beer selection had some great beers on it but unfortunately lacked darker/red/amber beers that I find to be best with pizza.  Service was great.Too much bread. It's like a cross between focaccia bread & pizza. I prefer thin crust pizza or a deep dish that is all cheese, so this was not my cup of tea, or more accurately, not my slice of pizza.Heard a lot about this place and always good things about the pizza. The food was worth the trip, the service is what ruined it for us. 4 of us visited on a Sunday night. Wait was only about 10 minutes which was awesome. We ordered one large pan which is definitely enough for 4.I was going to order a beer but she didn't come around again until half an hour later. At that point she told us it would be about 5 more minutes. After 20 additional minutes, almost an hour for one pizza, we were getting curious since tables sat after us had already finished their meals.  Long story short, our pizza had been burnt and they were giving us a discount. That stuff happens, so we were cool with it; I was glad they told us what was going on and offered a discount. But the discount was only $5 and they failed to mention to us that we had ordered premium toppings that were not indicated on the menu.  Food = worth the trip, Service = not so greatBest. Pizza. Experience. In Chicago.  The food, service and atmosphere is the best in the city by far.  Worth the wait on busy nights.  They are very accommodating and take a real interest in your needs.  Do not consider any other place for to suppress your appetite for pizza.I'm not sure why this place is the rage because I was not impressed by the pizza I got here. The crust is ridiculously thick. It was like eating pizza sauce and some toppings spread thinly over a really thick piece of not-so-great bread. I didn't taste anything extraordinary about the caramelized cheese on the crust either because I didn't even notice it until I read the reviews on Yelp.I relocated to Chicago from the south & I jumped into the deepdish experience. I ate at 5 different places (including Giordano's & their frozen, not-made-to-order bucket-o-cheese). This place welcomes me with a local smile, decent beer selection and amazing pizza.The lunch special is the best anywhere for that mid-day deepdish craving and a beverage (beer or whatever) for next-to-nothing ~$6.Come with friends at dinner because you should socialize and smile while they take their time making their Pequod's deepdish goodness. A large pizza with 3 toppings for $2.75 each can easily take it to $30.Enjoy!Stopped here for two take pieces of sausage pizza and a soda.  I waited in the car and the boyfriend ran in.  Well, he was in there for 20 minutes and the place wasn't overly crowded.  When he finally came back to the car, the pizza was so overheated, you couldn't even tell there were two pieces.  The cheese was a melted blob and no one could we pick them up off the cardboard plate they were on since it was stuck.  The taste of the pizza and sausage was really good, but we ended up having to pull it apart in pieces since we'd didn't have tableware in the car.  The bottom crust was kinda wimpy and not crisp at all.  The food tasted good, but the ability to eat a slice on the go was impossible.Food is great, and order here often. However, the last time I ordered I had someone who seemed very disgruntled while placing my order. I know they were busy, but acted very rude. At the end of the order I was saying thank you and before the -thank- came out of my mouth, they hung up on me.When coming to Chicago with 4 other friends, one thing was decided. We must stop for deep dish pizza. Off a recommendation from a friends brother, we ended up stopping at Pequod"s.The place has two floors and i like the upstairs a bit more. They have a fair selection of pizzas but since 5 people couldn't agree on any 2 toppings, we decided to go with personal one. I had the mushroom and meatball. I thought it was pretty good, for Chicago pizza. Doesn't compare to the pizza parlor i eat at, at home. Where the guy is from Italy with a heavy accent but i still liked it. Also if they ask you for appetizers because it take 5 minutes to make, you heard them wrong. It takes 35 minutes to make. Our waitress said it right but we just didn't hear it. Get an app if your hungry. While i prefer my normal pizza to deep dish, if you have never had it, Pequod's is an awesome place to go. Also the upstairs bathroom has a big Gandolf face painted on the wall that watches you pee, Kinda freak but worth seeing in itself. From second had information the woman's bathroom has something with arewn.Warning: NOT CHICAGO STYLE PIZZA! My experience with people who rave about this pizza is they are usually not from Chicago. As far as pan pizza goes.. this is more like pizza bread. The pizza is simply a VERY thick bread with sauce,cheese and toppings. Granted, it doesnt taste bad at all.. its just not real chicago style. The burned cheese/crust thing is good.. but not good enough to bring me back. Lou Malnatis butter crust is better. The pizza here is not like the real stuff you get at Lou Malnatis, Giordonos, Ginos East, or Gullivers. Really, the best way to describe it is pizza bread. Also, the service was medicore. We had a big group,which I understand is difficult, but she was terrible. She forgot appetizers and brought them when we got our food and getting a refill on a drink was next to impossible. All the hype about this place is really just all talk. Go someplace else if you want pizza.    PS. The bathrooms upstairs are very strange. The auto hand dryer is right above the toilet. when u are sitting and doing your thing it blows on you the whole time. It was very uncomfortable. If we hadnt already ordered our food I would have left because of that!I have only had deep dish pizza (not BJ's) one other time at Zachery's in Berkeley but this was my first time eating the real thing. My bf and I split a small pizza and packed it with tons of toppings. It was delicious, came out super hot, filling but not heavy. We killed the small pizza and were stuffed in a good fatty kind of way.Be still my heart, this is by far the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.  No other words needed other than sausage and green peppers.  Antipasti salad is pretty delicious too - extra points for the cheese cut into a whale shape.Tried their sausage and fresh basil thin crust pizza.  The biggest difference I noticed that sets their pizza apart from others was the cheese.   Soo good.  And the sausage was tasty as always.  The basil I can't really comment on because they mostly forgot it initially and gave me a ton extra to put on top.  Honest mistake and they quickly and happily corrected it, but it's not the same uncooked.The place is also waay bigger than it seems.  There were two second floor seating areas and there was still a 45 minute wait (totally worth it).  They have a bar, so waiting isn't too bad.I would STRONGLY suggest putting in your order ahead of time.  You can actually call ahead, but I put my order in as soon as I started waiting in line.  Makes everyone happy.  They get their table back quicker and you get your awesome pizza asap.I'd definitely recommend Pequod's!In my top 3 pizza spots!!! Great pizza! I can go on for a long time telling you all the great things about this spot. It's a must for pizza lovers. Period.What a great Chicago experience! Fun environment with plenty of opportunity to watch sports and have a cold beer. The service was swift and friendly. Now the deep dish pizza... Well crafted, oozing with cheese, sausage, garlic, and olives. Nothing short of Delicious. I really felt like I was eating Chicago. Highly recommended.Pequod's was my favorite pizza experience on my recent visit to Chicago. The restaurant is kind of divey and cramped (though they have an upstairs seating area that is a little more roomy) but the pizza more than makes up for the lack of ambiance in the restaurant. The special thing about the pizza here is the "caramelized cheese crust" which basically just means they let the cheese ooze over the side of the crust so that it forms a burnt cheesy ring when cooked in the hot dish. Burnt cheese, people, it's a thing. This crust is PHENOMENAL. Do yourself a favor and add Pequod's to your list of must-try deep-dish spots!I can see the barrage of hate mail heading my way...Came to Pequod's based on many recommendations from locals. Maybe the bar was set too high, or I just expected different. The deep dish was pretty good, but 'the best'? Not in my humble opinion.I ordered a personal size pie with spinach, mushrooms, onions and garlic - coincidentally, the toppings of my favorite Californian deep dish combo (yelp.com/biz/little-star…)The pie smelled and looked great. Pequod's marinara sauce was fabulously rich and tomato-ey. Loved that. The caramel crust top was nice - I like burnt cheese and the likes, but was hoping that some sweetness would remain. Ratio of cheese to sauce to topping was pretty good too. The crust... I was expecting butter, or cornmeal, or something else... I frankly don't know. As a lover of carbohydrates I won't go hating on a crust, but it wasn't memorable.Kudos to the staff - they were super nice and quick. Got to love that.Will I come back again? Sure. Not a must visit but definitely not ruled out.This place is a bit of a trek from downtown Chicago but it is totally worth it! This was our first stop in Chicago and we were not disappointed by their deep dish pizza. We got the special which includes a pint of beer and a personal sized deep dish pizza for $4.95.Note: The personal sized pizza is enough for 2 people.Hands down the best bang for your buck.This is probably my favorite deep dish pizza in Chicago. Delicious, relatively fast, and great lunch special - $5 for a personal pan and a soda! Definitely go in if you are in the Lincoln Park area.Ohhhhhh my goodness. Pequod's has sold me on their caramelized crust, plentiful toppings, and fantastic dough. Also, I was with a big crowd and would never order this on my own...but their thin crust is also good! Contemplating being a little bit healthy? Their Pequod's Salad is delicious! In my mind, Pequod's can do no wrong.The thing that sets Pequod's apart from other deep dish options is their dough and crust. The combo of doughy-ness with the crispy goodness of the crust is unique to any other deep dish I've had. Must have combination: sausage, giardinara, green pepp and onion. Their pepperoni is also pretty fantastic. Word to the wise, if you get a craving during a weekend day when football is on...try to have the craving a few hours before you want to eat. Delivery on a weekend afternoon has been known to take an hour and a half. Cut down on delivery time by picking up or eating in. However, I'd bring if home so you can recline on your couch after consumption without having to waddle out of the restaurant.One of the best deep dish pizza's I've ever had. I'm more of a thin crust guy myself but when in chi town I suggest this place. The caramelized cheese is what separates this spot from the others. I actually thought it tasted better left over!The caramelized crust is the pizza. As everyone knows, Chicago has a lot of options in the pizza department, but the crust at Pequod's is what makes this place unique and the pie incredibly tasty. Loved our deep dish -- huge hunks of sausage and really generous veggie toppings. Family-friendly environment; no airs in this place. Nice beer selection -- although they were having some tap identity crisis while we were there and couldn't seem to get that straightened out. Nevertheless, our small group of three had a large deep dish and a mega salad and left with pizza to spare. STRONG RECOMMENDATION  -- eat the pizza there. Don't bother taking it home. It loses so much in microwave translation. Husband was 'eh' on his reheated slice and now I have to make a return trip (woe, is me) to show him the real deal.Delicious crust on the outside, undercooked crust and veggies on the inside. I'm torn because the outside of the deep dish was so good (on the well done side with cornmeal), but the inside was meh. The yummy sauce was the tie-breaker, which is why Pequod's gets 4 stars instead of 3. That, and of the 3 Chicago style deep dish places I tried in my 3 day Chicago visit (yes, you read that correctly... I felt like a fatty for many moons after this visit).The service was kind of slow (it seemed like a busy night), but tvs with bad movies made up for it  :)Not one of the big 3 names in deep dish, which rhyme with Moredanos, Dino's Yeast or Poo Pal Dotties.  But #1 in my book!  Pequod's is a place I've driven past many many times, and never bothered to even give it a second glance.  It's kind of like that girl you went to high school with who was always wearing paint-stained overalls with glasses and a side ponytail, and who you always knew existed but didn't want to talk to?  Eating Pequod's pizza is akin to said girl removing glasses, taking down the pony tail and getting into that skanky prom dress, you never knew, did you?  Now that I know, I get these really weird cravings for the crust at odd hours during the day.  Standing in an elevator.  Gotta have that crust.Doing paperwork at work.  Wish I was typing on a piece of Pequod's.Driving home.  Wish my seat belt was made of Pequod's so I could just lower my jaw and nibble on the belt.The best thing about Pequod's is the lunch special.  $4.95 is all a slice of heaven costs, along with a pop/beer.  You get 1 ingredient with your 7" personal, so make it a good one.  Honestly though, even if you didn't put anything on it, it would be just fine.  The burnt looking thing on the crust?  It's actually quite good.  It's burned(or burnt if you're fancy) cheese that somehow doesn't taste burned, and lends awesome taste and texture to what normally wouldn't be all that great. Even without the burned rim the crust is amazing.  The fact that there isnt a ton of cheese in their pizza also makes this my favorite.  I hate when you're eating deep dish and your slice gets cold, which causes the cheese to seize up into this rubbery disk of dairy.  And every bite you take, you hate yourself more for.  These kind of shenanigans don't happen when you eat Pequod'sMy best friend who used to live here came to visit, along with his girlfriend.  So on our "Chicago exclusive" touristy day, Pequod's was where we took them for a late lunch.  My wife got a spinach and tomato personal, and the three of us split a sausage, mushroom and garlic large.  Holy balls.  I've had garlic on pizza before, but this was insane.  When they put the pie onto the whale trivet, the garlic aroma was so overpowering it hit everyone in the face and we all got black eyes.  I LOVE GARLIC.  My mouth is watering as I type these words...Giant chunks of sausage, large pieces of fresh mushroom and minced garlic everywhere, and the crust?  Oh, that crust  And that smelly garlic.  I'm glad I'm married and not looking because I felt like you could smell the pizza on me for three days after the meal.  I guess it didn't help that we had leftovers and I kept topping off my garlic smell level.  Pequod's is the perfect deep dish, for me and my wife at least.  In the 12 years that I've known her, never once has she had a craving for deep dish.  She's a cracker thin crust kind of gal.  Since we've eaten Peaquod's though, it's about a 4 week interval on the deep dish craving.  This fact alone is all you need to know how special Pequod's is.  Now go get some!I'm coming with you...Freaking amazing pizza. Open late night for when we roll out of Joe's, it's the perfect beer and 'za spot. Dare I say it rivals my homegrown favorite Beggars Pizza?! Their pan/deep dish is ridiculous. Pequod's is an automatic stop when we make the neighborhood.So yes, there are 1200+ reviews, with the average being 4 stars. We know it's  really, REALLY good pizza. But as a born-and-raised Chicagoan, I find myself frustrated with the many ill-informed reviews I read about our city's pizza. So I feel it's necessary to give my two cents on the matter to clarify the situation. Consider this your Chicago Style Pizzas 101. Beginning with the following:Pequod's is NOT -- I repeat -- NOT Chicago Style Deep Dish Pizza. People assume that because the sauce is on top and it's cooked in a deep black pan, it must be deep dish. Well, that's incorrect. There are three types that are often labeled as "Deep Dish" which, while true they're all cooked in a "deep dish," only one of those types actually qualifies as "Chicago Style Deep Dish pizza. The difference is really about the crusts. A Chicago Style Deep Dish's crust is not overly thick and not really bready, but more like a pie crust (buttery, flaky). It often has an outer crust that's elevated above the rest of the dough, as if it were saying "I am your master. WORSHIP ME."  Examples are Gino's East and Lou Malnati's. Giordano's, Edwardo's and Art of Pizza are Stuffed Pizzas -- usually a similar crust as the deep dish, but they all have a really thin layer of dough on top of all of the toppings, which is covered with sauce (the sauce doesn't come in actual contact with most of the toppings in the prep, other than a small hole in the middle of it).Pequod's is PAN pizza. Yes, akin to Pizza Hut's Pan Pizza -- thick, bready-inside, slightly crispy-outside crust cooked in a pan. And that's where the similarities end.Because I've already written a mini-non-fiction here, I will be brief: Pequod's was a breath of fresh air to my tastebuds and could evolve to my new favorite place to get a 'Za in the city, Everything was balanced, and that carmelized cheese edge --- ohhhh man....The wait for a table and for our pizza was long, but as the old adage goes, "Good things come to those who wait."If I want deep dish, I'm going to Lou's. Stuffed? Giordano's is my place. But for pan pizza, Pequod's has no equal.How have I lived in the Chicagoland area my whole life an never been here until last Monday? What is wrong with me?This now ties for my favorite Chicago style pizza place (see also: Toni's Pizza & Organic Pasta) I went with two people and a medium size pan pizza was just enough. I love that not only is their pizza amazing, but they have a solid beer selection to pair with it.As far as deep dish it is the best in the city. Caramelized crust is amazing.:-)My 3/5 star rating is for a combination of two visits to Pequods.1st time: Awful. A friend from out of town wanted to come here and I was excited because of all the great things I've heard. I didn't think the service or pizza were great by any means.  Later learned the pizza that was ordered was vegan. No wonder! Waitress was cranky but maybe she was having a bad day.2nd time: Awesome. The same friend came in and wanted to go back. After vowing to myself I would never go back, here I was again. This time the pizza was great and the service was great.  Glad I gave it another shot. The toppings we got were spinach, sausage, tomatoes, and garlic on one pizza and mushrooms, onion, spinach, basil, garlic on the other. I would recommend both!I do not like deep dish pizza. The lunch deal is a reason to come with out of town guests though....$4.95 for a pizza and a bud light (or soda). You can even call ahead so you don't have to wait the 50 minutes it takes to cook the pizza. I've never tried their thin crust....and according to NY standards it's not really thin crust....just an in between NY & Chicago pizza.I can't believe I have yet to write a review on my favorite pizza spot! Best pan pizza, best sausage,  excellent service, timely food delivery and over all great spot! The manager is ALWAYS running around helping people out, acting as the hostess etc. incredibly establishment and I love that the owners daughter has a strong presence there. They created a foundation in her name and it moves me every time I visit. Just go once to try it...I promise you will be back.Don't be discouraged by the exterior run down vibe, this place is a gem for Lincoln park. We built our own pan (deep dish) pizza and loved it. Taste compares to Lou's, which we find to be among the best of deep dishes. If your In the area, come out.Bar none the best pizza in Chicago. I don't particularly care for deep dish, but Pequod's makes me consider changing my mind. This is amongst the best pizza of any genre - think, thick, pan, Milanese, etc. Since trying it for the first time last week, I can't stop thinking about it. Don't consider yourself a lover of Chicago pizza until you try Pequod's.Wonderful carmalized crust!This place is my favorite pizza place! They're wonderful! Excellent service, excellent food. The pizzas are fantastic. They don't skimp on the toppings, and the crust is always a crispy golden brown (perfection!). We always get a large, so that there's plenty of leftovers. The best thing about this place is that they're open until 2am!My wife and I went to Pequod's on a Saturday evening.  We had reservations (recommended) and arrived 20 minutes early.  However, we still had to wait 1/2 hr. because my wife wanted a booth.  They have approx. 6 tiny two-person booths lining one wall and two very small four person booths in the rear of the smallish space. The place was jam packed and many who didn't have reservations chose not to wait an hour and a half to get a table.  They allow you to place your pizza order only (no apps,etc.) while you wait to be seated.  There were roughly 20 people stuffed by the entry door waiting to be seated, which I'm sure was not thrilling to diners sitting at the nearby tables, or to the servers who constantly fought their way through the sea of people trying to do their jobs.  However, none of that was an issue for us.We ordered wings and fries for apps and a large cheese pan pizza.  For $8.95 you get 8-10 wing-halves (4-5 full wings).  For $3.95 you get a small plate of little fries.  The apps were good but standard. Now, the pizza; it's a huge piece of bread.  It looked delicious when brought to our table and when we were served the first slice it had the gooey cheesy look you see in commercials.  A few minutes in however, we realized we were eating nothing but a large crust with a thin slice of cheese on top with a smattering of sauce.  The sauce is very good and the carmelized crust  has a terrific texture to it.  It's very light in the middle with a crunchy bottom, but there's not much more to report.  My wife loves pizza and was very disappointed given all the rave reviews of this place on Yelp.The overwhelming crust and scant toppings got so bad that by the second slice she had stopped biting into the pie and turned it sideways so she would only get half the dough along with the cheese and sauce.  I went back to the initial website I saw that named Pequod's as one of Chicago's 'eight best pizzas' and realized that they recommended it be ordered with extra cheese and extra sauce.  I have to say that is pretty much spot on.  Ordering their pie any other way gets you nothing more than focaccia bread.   I should have checked that site before we went.   We plan to try maybe one more of these north side pizza places so many people gush about and that'll be all.  For the time being however, the next time we go out for pizza, it will be to one of the mainstays, (Lou Malnati's, Home Run Inn on 31st, Uno's downtown, Giordano's in Hyde Park, etc.)We took home half of the pizza and never even bothered to reheat the leftovers; we forgot all about them, then tossed it.Excellent food, excellent service, and one hell of a super star delivery gal named Sydney. I would recommend this to anyone, enemies included, that's in the mood for some fabulous deep dish. Hopefully Sydney delivers because she's delightful and always friendly. Some of these other shoddy upstarts would do well to take a lesson from this place.Yum yum yum!!! Seriously the best pizza ever! There is always a wait on the weekends so I recommend going on a weekday, or wait because it's totally worth it! Staff is always nice and quick too which is a plus. Their pan pizza is the best but the thin is still really good as well.Best pizza in Chicago, and its not within walking distance of the loop!  It still gets very busy on weekends. They have call ahead priority seating. It works best if you call the afternoon before you would like to dine. Once we called at 5pm and did not get seated until nearly 8pm.  But it was worth the wait. There is also a take and bake option that leads to just as good- if not better- pie. I also recommend the zucchini appetizer if you're dining in.BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER EATEN!!! Before you read this, please note I am an east coast girl and used to NY style pizza. I was stranded in Chicago due to a canceled flight and looked up Chicago pizza, and Pequod's was number one on Yelp, so I decided to go. This was my first taste of Chicago style pizza and I believe it has ruined me; it was absolutely amazing!!! The next day I went to Giordano's for lunch and it was good, but left my craving Pequod's so I returned that night. I AM OFFICIALLY CONVERTED TO CHICAGO OVER NY!I'm in love. I always hated deep dish pizza but now I realize how wrong I was! The combination of their crust, sauce, and overflow of toppings makes this place delicious.The only thing that kinda stinks is the wait. This place is poppin and gets busy right at 11. I got a little anxious waiting for my heavenly personal pizza.1 Star for....1.  The staff wearing basketball shorts, workout spandex, and pit stained T-shirts with messy hair on a night where it's 9 degrees outside - It's a job, act like you care at least!2.  Being seated on the 2nd floor right IN FRONT of the door - I'm so glad I get to monitor every single person coming up and down the stairs 3. The staff allowing children to run around screaming under tables - This is not Chucky Cheese!4.  Ugly decor and TV's that don't work - Who wants that?5.  Terrible Appetizers - Everything is breaded and tastes like it was originally frozen (gross)6.  The sausage and mushroom thin pizza took about 45 minutes to come out - Too Long! I could have sat at home and ordered one and gotten it in 30 minutes. 7. The pizza was bad - It lacked flavor, the crust was not crusty but flimsy and falling apart, not enough cheese.8. The bar back staff and bussers running back and forth and up and down the stairs (loudly) with their clean dishes, dirty dishes and other crap - No kitchen upstairs and no back staff stairs. 8. We wanted nothing more than to get the hell out of there!9. NEVER AGAIN!This place is totally overrated. It might be fun for those who are planning on watching a Hawks game, getting wasted and not minding a bad tasting pizza with screaming children everywhere.  But if you're looking for an even decent dining experience with good food then this is not the place.Okay pizza, but prefer NY style anyway.  Lol at the people blathering on about the carmelized crust.  It's just burned cheese people.  Get a grip.Seriously good pizza!! Pan is the best! Go with different ingredients!! Place is busy on weekends, take out of towners. So good!! Giving a 4 cause it is debatable which is the best!I honestly could not wait to write this review. I have been working on it for years.  I have lived in Chicago for over a decade and tried every pizza under the sun. Pequods was silly hyped by everyone. I ordered thin crust. It was terrible. Few years go by...some friend of mine tells me how great pequods is.... I tell him fuck you. He tells me that they are famous for pan pizza. I ordered the wrong thing.I order pan pizza. It is ok at best.Few years pass...some friend of mine tells me how great pequods is. I tell him to fuck off and kick him in the nuts. Then he says that you have to eat their pan pizza at the restaurant. Getting it delivered is not the right way to eat pequods. I made a mistake again.I went into pequods tonight. Crust is crazy thick. To call this pizza bready does not quite describe it. Sauce, good, not great. Toppings, nothing special. Cheese, nothing special. Pequods is a pig out place. Pizza is good. But nothing to write home about. If you are a friend of mine, and you tell me that pequods is the greatest pizza ever, expect a fist in your face.Here's the thing, when we first moved to Chicago we were really into this place and took all our visitors from out of town to check it out. Something about the novel idea of the crisped cheese on the crust and the freshness of the tomato sauce helped it to stand out above the other places we tried.Sadly, that is no longer the case. The pie we ordered the other day was bad in the worst way. This is not deep dish pizza, its more of a focaccia (fluffy, sort of cornmeal texture on the bottom) topped with whatever you choose. Think L and B Spumoni Gardens in NY but without all the goodness that place has. Our pizza had the thinnest possible layer of cheese on top of an inch or so of dough, with the tiniest spoonful of sauce spread over it. It was basically like eating a piece of dry focaccia with a burnt crust (yes I know they do the crisped cheese thing, but this time it was just burnt in the worst way).If you are excited about a rather a poorly topped piece of all-filler-no-killer bread, then this is your place. But if you want and actual stuffed pizza done right, go elsewhere. This place is off our list of recommendations for now.Growing up in the Midwest, I have certain expectations about Pizza.  Living in Oregon, I must settle for what I call, "West Coast Pizza".   It's not bad, but it's not like pizza I grew up with.A family reunion in Chicago allowed me the opportunity to satisfy my midwest pizza cravings.  This Place has awesome Chicago-style pizza (and thin crust as well - cut the way I like it: in squares instead of triangular slices).  That's all I have to say.  Awesome Chicago-style pizza.  Awesome.After hearing a lot about this place from friends, my wife and I decided to finally give it a try. And what do you know: it's now one of our favorite pizza spots. Located in a good area with lots of shopping and even a movie theater across the street, this place starts off great. You walk in, there is always a line up so you put your name down and stand with the crowd with a pager in your hand. In the mean time, you can order your pizza so that when it's time for you to be seated, the pizza won't be too long. Since this is a sports bar as well, it is very crowded but lively. Don't let the place fool you because there is another floor upstairs with lots of seating room. We sat upstairs both times that we visited. The appetizers are also fresh and tasty. But let's talk about the thick crust pizza: it's NOT like pizza UNO, like Giordano's, or any other deep dish pizza you might think of. This is in a class of its own. The deep dish pizza is covered with the toppings you want which is one thing I like to see...more toppings than cheese. As you bite into, or cut into the pizza, you notice that even though it is thick crust, it's not too soft or too hard or full of dough. Somehow, the thick crust isn't as dough-like as you would think and therefore, not as filling as you would think. It's perfect! The outer crust area on top has their special touch to it: it is burnt cheese all around the top which gives it more of a different flavor when added to the pizza takes the whole experience to another level. Overall: one of our favorite pizzas in Chicago. For a regular pizza outing, I would choose Pequod's over any other "deep-dish" Chicago pizza.Ordered delivery from this place after a recommendation from a friend. My friend and I were too tired to go eat at the place and we were close enough for delivery! yay! :) the pizza was really good. It is a deep dish pizza so order a smaller pizza. We ordered a medium, but in hindsight a small would have been sufficient. The wait for delivery was an hour and 20 minutes but we figured it would be long since it's such a popular place and it was during the weekend. Would definitely order from here again.The manager came over, she was a blonde bimbo. Katie was her name, she was wearing really short shorts. Super inappropriate! The pizza was mediocre.I'm not from Chicago and don't know much about Chicago style pizza, but what I do know is that I really enjoyed my pie at Pequod's.  Sauce, crust, the flavorful sausage - all excellent and tasty. Other than that, I don't suppose the 1300th review of a much-loved institution is of much use, but I'll only add that I suspect Pequod's gets a lot of extreme reactions.  Its tradmark is a ring of caramelized cheese around the crust, and a very well-done exterior.  Some people like that (me) and others don't.  But whichever one of those you are, be prepared for the fact that this doesn't taste as much like other Chicago style pizzas as you might expect. In the end, I'm still partial to New York pizza, but Pequod's is an excellent example of what it is.Went for lunch and was a bit disappointed at the service.  40 min wait kind of sucks if you live here.  Pizza was great though....Oddly enough, despite my preference for NY style pizza, my friends ordered from Pequods last evening (I had Lou Malnati's at work during the day..check out that review from same day)No 'thin crust' this time just the deep dish with a pound of mozzarella and lots of sauce...For what it is, it was okIf you're looking for which is better Lou's vs Pequods I vote PequodsIt had been years since I'd been to Pequod's. I don't know why I waited so long. The deep dish pizza is good and the beer list is good as well. The space can get extremely crowded, but being there a little off-hours is makes more a more comfortable experience. They make the cheese perfectly burned around the edge of the pie, and the crust is crunchy. If you're a vegetarian, I'm curious if they use lard or not. Friend appetizers are OK. Don't get me wrong, fried anything is good, but they appear to prefrozen fried items. The pizza is definitely the highlight.Love their deep dish, their mozz sticks, and garlic bread!Pizza was slightly burnt on the edges, but I love the crispiness.I wish it was a little less saucy and more cheesy.Very clean on the inside and it wasn't busy at all on a Monday night after the Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup. I guess everybody else was out partying in the streets...I disliked everything about this place and probably more so because everyone I talked to mentioned how amazing this place was. Our server was a young college kid (like everyone else here) that must've forgotten she was waiting tables because she sat and talked another group of people for 15mins before she took our order. My beer came late and warm and my water was never filled.I don't eat meat, my other two dining mates do, and we each wanted something different from the menu, so we went with personal sizes. First, the prices are offensive. Second, I hate minced garlic from a jar and when I asked if they freshly mince or use it out of a jar, our server rolled her eyes at me and said she didn't know. I never found out the truth because she never offered to find out for us.Look at my burnt pizza: yelp.com/user_local_phot…It was super dry and the red sauce was too tart.In my opinion this pizzeria serves best deep dish pizza period. Crust of deep dish at Giordano is very thick where as at Lou Malnatti its pretty thin.. but here its 'Perfect'..I'm visiting this place again for sure.I know folks really love this place, but I think we've experienced a much tastier pizza, honestly.   Our party of six came here on Jan20. There were 4 first timers in the group.  The wine list is pretty poor, and the selections were below average, as we tried a few samples at the bar before we chose our bottle.   The Caesar salad was just meh...nothing done to make it stand out - just average or so. As far as the pizza, we ordered two pan-styles: a pepperoni and mushroom, and a sausage, spinach, garlic and mushroom.  If the sauce had flavor, it would have been great, but we found that the sauce was too ketchup-like...like just an institutional canned variety off a food supply truck.   It didn't stand out to compliment the ingredients.  So...this being said, I think this is just our one time shot here.Their lunch special is pretty decent - $4.95 for a personal deep-dish pizza with one topping and a beer or a soda. I got the lunch special with sausage and mushroom toppings. Out of all the deep-dish pizza joints I've tried in Chicago, this one was the best. However, it still wasn't that great. The waitress on the other hand was not friendly at all. She came to us yawning and looking really bored. While we were ordering and once we were done ordering, she just gave us a really blank stare - no expression on her face whatsoever.Overall, the pizza was average and the service sucked.Meh. Don't get what the big deal is. Very bread-y, sauce tastes like out of a can, overall kinda greasy.Best pizzas in Chicago in my opinion.  Get the deep dish.  No crust.  Cheese goes all the way top the pan.  It is to die for.Holy shit, you guys. PEQUODS. How did it take me this long to find Pequods. A-mahhhh-zing. It's like they took a Gino's/Giordano's/Malnati's pie, drenched the crust in fuckloads of butter and cheese, and crisped the hell out of it until it turned into a caramalized explosion of calories and cellulite. A thousand times yes. I put back one piece myself and then 2-3 crusts on top of that. And let's be honest, I wanted at least another slice, maybe five. So, so good.Coming in with a group is tricky. The server upstairs can't really handle it but she did bring us a bunch of extra pitchers of beer that I'm not sure we got charged for. Zero complaints there. The only problem is that after a slice or two, there's no room for beer in your belly. All your precious stomach real estate is taken up with PEQUODS. #CHICAGPROBSOmg! The BEST deep dish pizza ever. And I don't even like pizza that much. I have been bringing friends here for years. It's a hidden gem. I get excited when others actually tell me pequods is their favorite and not the tourist places like giordanos. The lunch special is amazing. A personal pizza and beverage for $5. Id eat there every day if it weren't frowned upon in society ;)I suffered for this pizza.It wasn't quite a walk through rain, ice, and snow, but it was cold, and drizzling a bit. Then we had to wait. And wait. And wait. Eff. We must've waited over an hour for this damn pizza. Then we waited a little bit more for our order, which we had placed when we gave the hostess our name, because we knew it'd be a wait.Was it worth it? I'm at a stage in life where I'd probably never voluntarily subject myself to this again. Unless it was suddenly divulged that David Bowie, circa "The Hunger" era would be serving it to me, and that we would make out afterwards. The staff at Pequod's are energetic and nice. There are benches outside, if it gets too claustrophobic inside. The caramelized crust reminds me of getting the corner piece of homemade lasagna.I liked it. But next time, I'll make sure to go on an off night/time of day.Pequod's was literally the first stop on our weekend Chicago trip and the absolute perfect way to kick it off. We came at the suggestion of a knowledgeable foodie friend who encouraged us to try an alternative to the tourist-y Giordano's and other larger brands. We arrived ~12pm on a Sat, and there was ample seating available. From reading reviews, I feared that it would take a long time for our pizzas to cook, but it took maybe 30 minutes max for the main features to arrive. We passed some of the wait time with the Pequod's salad--I thought it turned out to be amusingly like a pizza salad because it has cheese and pepperoni on it. We ordered two medium deep dish pizzas, one with pepperoni and onion, and one with spinach and mushroom, the latter I had a heavy hand in designing since those are the best veggies paired with ooey gooey cheese. I think I need to expand my vocabulary because "yummy" doesn't quite do the flavors justice. Pequod's signature caramelized cheese is a winner, especially if you like burn in a good toasty way. One interesting aspect of their pizzas is that the crust is more crunchy, or crouton-like rather than bread-like. While we chatted animatedly while waiting for the pies, we became quieter upon encountering their deliciousness firsthand and focusing our energies on gobbling slice after slice. Soon our party of five (including three guys with large appetites) were satiated, plus we had a slice leftover. Best of all, it was quite an inexpensive meal at ~$12 per person, considering we got a salad in addition to pizza and that we were in a big city, where I automatically assume everything is pricier. By the time we left the two floors of the restaurant were pretty full, so I believe Pequod's serves excellent true Chicago deep dish pizza more appealing to locals. The only problem with the experience is that now I crave Pequod's when I'm back at home. But I might just make the four hour drive to get it.Make a reservation.  It was nice watching St. Louis send San Francisco to the World Series (in style), but a playoff game has a finite start and end.  Waiting to sit while standing in a very crowded doorway where it's warm, or sitting and catching a bit of breathing room in the freezing cold does not.  "Forty-five minutes" is like telling someone it's just up the road five miles when they're driving in the country.  The wait went on for an e.t.e.r.n.i.t.y.  They let us pre-order our pizza so that when we sat, we wouldn't have to wait for eternity, part 2.  Once we sat (we had our own chairs! and table!  in the warm!  and got to catch the end of the game!), we only had to wait another ten minutes or so.Will the wait make our pizza taste like hype?  Will our pizza have been burnt to a crisp, then turn cold waiting for us?  When did Mike Matheny retire AND become a coach?!  These were the questions shooting through our minds and empty bellies.  (I think I just had a flashback to Soap - pardon me.)The pizza was amazing and okay.  You really need to start at the edge, then work your way in.  The outside crust is a perfect soft/crisp pizza cracker, flavored with years of other pizzas.  The crust is caramelized with prior pizza's flavorings and cheese, then burnt just enough.  Like the good pieces of a macaroni and cheese casserole, only with a great fatty cheese flavor.  The ingredients on the pizza are fresh - a definite score in my book.  (Home run sounded too cheesy - do I get quadruple points for a double pun, make that a triple pun?)  The center is a tad undercooked.  It's almost doughy.  Not all together bad, just not as brilliant as the outer crust.  The sauce is a bit bland, too.  Not stewed tomatoes bland, jut not zesty.I'd definitely return if I had a reservation, but I think I'd try Malnati's first.So do not get the obsession with this place. I have had much better slices of pizza. I think it's not them it's me. I prefer thinner less greasy pizza.  Also I did pick up. Maybe the experience of eating there makes it betterBURNT=NO BUENO. Inside=good. Outside=vomit. My high hopes for this place are definitely crushed. Just burnt. It was overall: subpar. That is all.BEST Chicago deep dish pizza.  Very well known place to any one who lives in Chicago and loves pizza. We have been coming here for years and it was always consistently tasty.   This place is always busy especially when it is their lunch or dinner rush.  We always order ahead on our way there so it doesn't take forever for the food to come out after we order.  Deep dish usually takes about 40 minutes to cook. Calling ahead also guarantees us a seat faster since our food is being made.  Never waited over 5 minutes even if it is a hour and a half wait.  We always order mozzarella sticks to start.  Their marinara dipping sauce has to be one of the best I have ever tried.  Sweet and savory.  We also get a medium deep dish pizza with: extra cheese, sausage, onions, green peppers and half mushroom.  OMG - BEST ever.  Cheese just oozing away.  Mounts of toppings and sweet marinara sauce. Their crust is perfectly cooked and the burnt cheese edges are perfect.   The staff is very friendly, fast and productive.  They are very well managed by the moment you walk in the door.  I will also come here for deep dish pizza no matter what!!!We went to Pequods last night and I think I am still full!!! OH soooooo yummy. My date ordered a large and then blamed me for letting him.  (:   Its way too big for two people.  But the left overs - not complaining.   We went traditional pan - w sausage.  The sausage ROCKS with generous amounts of anise - and just so full of flavor - onions, mushrooms and gardinier.  What?JEALOUS?  No need GO GET YOUR OWN - asap!!!LOVEWent here for lunch today.  First time.  $4.95 lunch special, with a one ingredient 7" pizza, and a soft drink or Bud Light (so, colored water).  Everything about the pizza was pretty good.  Good crust.  Good sauce.  Good cheese.  Good sausage.  So ... good pizza.  The sausage was nice and peppery.  I like a little more fennel seed, but it was good.  Service was very good, and the atmosphere was fine.  Parking is street only around there.    Is it "the best?"  I don't think so.  But the whole "best pizza" thing is subjective.  It's really hard to find a bad pizza in Chicago.  If the place has been open for 20 years, it's doing something well enough to make a bunch of people happy.  If it is new and it sucks, it won't last long.Went here mid-afternoon with a holiday hangover, where I'd spent the last week boozing & gorging with the family. They had Great Lakes Christmas Ale (IN PITCHERS!!!), and the most delightful deep dish. Perfect balance of sauce, cheese, and toppings. Crust was perfection. Oregano on the table & excellent marinara. It's a pretty large joint, but I'd probably recommend going at off peak hours (unless you don't mind waiting).In short: Very busy, no reservations but they do call aheads. And the pizza takes 50minutes (supposedly). So plan ahead. Awesome deep dish pizza.This pizza was quite excellent. We got the pan pizza, with half sausage & half cheese. It is a saucy deep dish pizza, with an awesome carmellized crust. They seem to layer the pizza - dough, cheese, sauce, toppings - which totally works for me! It was awesome!! We also got the cheesy garlic bread and some drinks. Overall I think this is my second favorite pizza in Chicago (Lou's is still first). We will definitely be back. Be sure to plan ahead tho - it gets really busy at this location (like standing on top of tables while people eat) and it takes 50min for a pizza (I guess when it's busy?!). You can place your order while you wait though, which I would highly recommend.I'm not a Chicago native but I do love me some pizza, especially deep dish.. and Pequod's DID NOT disappoint. The crust was simply amazing.. I can't even think of descriptive words other than that. And they offer one of the best deals I've ever experienced.. the lunch special. If you're in this area of town on a weekday, you can't beat the price--$4.95 for a personal one-topping deep dish AND a BEER! (or soda). Seriously.. the bud light alone cost $4.50. The service was fast and friendly and I have recommended this place to friends already.. although the location is a little out of the way of touristy things.Had the personal pan pizzas and they were excellent.  Also had the house salad with the house Italian dressing, also very good.The pizza's the same as their Morton Grove location, which is excellent. That being said, I prefer the suburb location for its better street parking and spread out tables.Best Deep dish Pizza in the CHI!my husband and I headed to Chicago for our anniversary and wanted to avoid the touristy places, especially for pizza. I really liked that we could call ahead too. When we arrived (around 5:30) there were quite a few open tables. It was kind of fun to watch the place fill up (we were near the front).we ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza and salads to start. everything was delicious and a small was definitely more than enough to fill us up! not only did we like Pequods but we also fell in love with the area it's in. the concierge at our hotel told us that there wasn't really anything else in that area. he couldn't have been more wrong!Pequods is definitely somewhere we'd return the next time we're in town!!this is my favorite pizza in chicago. MUST GET PAN PIZZA!The caramelized crust is just fantastic. Don't be scared by the looks of it!Also, it is incredibly cheap. For a small pizza (4 big slices) it is like 12 bucks. You cannot get any better than this, especially as a college kid.Go here on the weekdays for lunch and its 4.95 for a personal pizza with a drink!I would give this 5 stars, but the service isn't the best. The pizza definitely makes up for it!Just a couple hours after wolfing down that burger at Aria, I was off on a group pizza tour of Chicago that my company was hosting for our clients. First up was Pequod's. This was my favorite pizza of the night but not my all-time favorite Chicago pizza (see Lou M's). The sauce was a touch on the sweeter side and the cheese was very sparse. yelp.com/biz_photos/pequ…There were however two standout qualities of this pizza that stuck in my head; 1) the meats were above par, especially the sausage and 2) the outer crust was phenomenal. It had a nice crisp layer of baked on cheese that was just incomparable. Toward the end of the meal I was just picking at the crust, all while knowing I had a lot more pizza to eat. yelp.com/biz_photos/pequ…Overall, not bad at all and I would not mind going back.Best deep dish pizza plus far fewer boner tourists than all those other Chicago-style pizzerias.  THIS is where locals get their pizza, complete with a crispy caramelized crust.Surprisingly bigger than it looks with rooms upstairs, there is a bar on the second floor if waiting downstairs is too crowded.Damnit it's the best! It's not even a competition.  All the other deep dish pizzas have lame butter crust nonsense.  This Pizza is special.  If you're a tourist go to Giordanos or Uno's and stay away from here so my restaurant doesn't get crowded.Great deep dish pizza for a steal. Service was good, pizza (pepperoni) was tasty, and there wasn't much of a wait (granted we did get there kind of early for a Friday night). Their pizza is a bit more doughy than cheesy, so although we did feel like fat kids afterwards we weren't in a food coma as can sometimes happen. Definitely would come back.Absolutely incredible. Hands down, the best deep dish pizza I've ever had. Uno, Due, Lou Malnati's, Gino's, Giordano's...none compare to Pequod's. The veggies are fresh, sauce is delicious, the building actually has enough seating to accommodate the demand, and the caramelized crust is outstanding. Even the thin crust pizza is good! A must go.I have just found my new favorite Chicago-style pizza place. The winner goes to Pequod's Pizzeria.This place has the most variety in terms of appetizer selections. I believe appetizers are important for deep dish pizza-serving restaurants largely due to the expectation that these pizzas take longer to make than thin crust ones. In addition, the Pequod's salad is pretty decent (the creamy garlic sauce is clutch). As for the pizza itself, I was astonished. The crust, including the bottom, was crispy and solid. This is difficult to come by. I've always experienced softer/soggier bottom crusts due the way that deep dish pizzas are made in general. In addition, I'm a huge fan of their sausage topping. I definitely think they use a better grade of sausage than other pizza places. The most impressive thing I noticed at Pequod's is the relatively short amount of time it takes to bake the pizzas. I daresay it was the fastest I've seen a Chicago-style deep dish pizza come out. Service is great, the pizza is superior, and prices are relatively cheaper than those at similar restaurants. I haven't taken advantage of this special yet, but if you dine in for lunch (Mon-Fri 11AM-3PM) at Pequod's, you can get a 7" pan pizza with a soda or beer for $4.95.What the heck is wrong with me? Leaving a review in 2008 for the Thin Crust?  Jeez, how embarrassing. I LOVE Pequod's - always have and always will.  I guess I had one bad experience, but lesson learned, I have never again ordered the thin crust. The thick is the way to go - green olives & pepperoni - you're all set for a delicious time.Truly one of Chicago's best kept secrets. I am always surprised when friends haven't experiences the magical deliciousness of Pequod's caramelized crust. There is a great lunch special ($4.95 for a 7" personal pan pizza and a beer/soda) and the toppings here do not mess around. Your pizza will come heaped with whatever you order on it. The appetizers are just so-so but the main event is really the pizza  The only real downside is that public transportation to Pequod's is not the easiest. Luckily I have always been able to find parking or can take the Ashland bus. This pizza, however, is definitely worth whatever distance you have to travel.....better than Lou's?  I must have just shortened my life expectancy by uttering those blasphemous words.  I dont care.  My new benchmark for Chicago pizza is Pequods.  A few simple reasons why I have redefined my pizza pecking order....1.  Balance: Crust...cheese...and that SAUCE create a perfect triumvirate of flavor that is in complete harmony.  It isnt a wheel of cheese with some diced tomotoes....2.  The carmelized crust....I dont eat my crust ANYWHERE else ....but here.3.  The SAUCE is flavorful...and finds its way into every bite because there is plenty of it4.  It isnt a chain...so their quality control is stellar and meals are handcrafted instead of that  "assembly line" vibeThe atmosphere is fun and they have enough TVs to make it a fine game day option.  Hey... This is pizza...not foie gras.  It should be simple...and in Chicago...it should be GREAT.  Food is like art...and noone can tell you what tastes good to your mouth...but I cant imagine anyone defining Chicago pizza any better.Really good pizza.Every member of the staff that I saw was a cute girl.What more do you want?Here's the clincher with Pequods pizza: they have this awesome way of burning the crust on the edges so that the crust caramelizes, you eat it, and then your taste buds simultaneously implode and explode.This is the pizza place you take out-of-towners to when they ask you to present the best pizza in Chicago. I once ordered Pequods for my buddy's bachelor party and throughout the night received no less than 5 compliments on the excellent pizza recommendation. No less!Also literally every time I have ordered delivery the pizza is EXACTLY the same. I don't know what kind of ritual they perform to make sure the pizza is always consistently awesome, but it's powerful, old, and dark magic.This is the best pizza I have had to date. The crust is amazing. I also really like the lunch special. Your not gonna find better food for 4.95$. I would and do recommend this to anyone.This place is great! You absolutely cannot beat their lunch special anywhere else. $5 for a personal pie and a beer?! Sign me up.I've only ever been here around lunch time, and there is always plenty of seating to be had. I also seem to get lucky with a parking space right out front a lot of the time.On to the the pizza... I love their caramelized crust. I've seen a few people on here bashing it, but this is really what the pizza is all about. It's pretty thick dough on the bottom which definitely fills you up, but it doesn't dominate the pizza. The cheese and sauce they use taste delicious. I would recommend ordering the pizza with extra cheese since it normally is a bit light on the cheese for my personal preference. I've only tried sausage and pepperoni pizzas, and both toppings are tasty and high quality. The wings are delicious but small. Still, an order is plenty for two people to share.If you are looking for a place to stop in or lunch, I would definitely say this place is worth your time. I can't speak for dinnertime, but it seems like you might have to wait a while for a table at night. Since this place is open late i would love to come by here for some brews and a Blackhawks game. Since it's not in my neighborhood I haven't gotten to do this yet, but I hope I do sometime!Go to Pequod's.Best pizza everBest pizza i ever had hands down will come back just for the pizzaThis is seriously the best deep dish pizza I have ever eaten.  Blows Ginos East out of the water.Great service, great atmosphere.Hold the phone: Pequod's has a lunch special. It's $5 for a personal deep dish pizza (choices between pepperoni, sausage, or plain cheese) and a soda or Bud Light. AMAZING! And the best part is that you can call in your order, so that by the time you get there your food is basically sitting there waiting for you to sit down and eat it! I'm sold!Went here with my boyfriend 2 months ago, with a 2 hour time limit on a Friday night. We ended up actually walking out because we still hadn't received our food and the service was an ABOMINATION.Today we tried it again, for the lunch special, with our gift certificate we received because of the bad service from Round 1. Pizza is solid. Very good, not great or amazing.  Chicken tenders were overpriced and gross.  They were basically cheapy chicken nugget kind of things. The ambience leaves something to be desired. The radio was so loud, with obnoxious ads and DJs more often than music, and very fuzzy and annoying. Our beers were nowhere near cold enough. While I appreciate the effort to redeem themselves after our bad first experience, Pequod's is still exactly what 3 stars means: a-ok, and nothing more.The place is kind of like a toned down sports bar.  There are TV's showing sports, neon lighted signs advertising various beers, t-shirts for sale at the long bar that extends through most of the 1st floor.  On the day we went it was far from rowdy: there were quite a few couples, a family, etc.We ordered the small deep dish pan with pepperoni, sausage, peppers, onions and mushrooms. DELICIOUS!  Really hit the spot.  All the toppings were additional as their default deep dish comes with only cheese.  Each additional topping for a small pan is $1.75 additional. (Price goes up from there for larger pan servings.)The Mostacciolli with roasted garlic herb and olive oil with just okay.  The additional meatballs for $2.75 only gives you two medium sized meatballs.  Free refills on soda.  Some tables the wooden slab that the pizza is put on is in the shape of a whale. CUTE!Small pan is perfect for 2 people of average appetite to share (2 giant men with huge appetites may need more).  Deep dish tastes (at least deep dish from Pequod's) won't taste anywhere near the same leftover so you'll want to try to order only as much as you can finish.  We had leftovers and the next day the juice (not sauce...it really was meat juice/fat or something) from the toppings soaked into the bready crust and made the perfect caramelized crust from the previous day all soggy: blech.Best chicago deep dish!I am not entirely sure why people like this place so much. The pizzas were alright. What do people usually use to rate pizza? The crust, the sauce, the toppings. Everything was mediocre. The crust wasn't anything special, the sauce wasn't any different from pasta sauce I buy from the store, and the toppings are just..toppings. I've been here twice and let's just say this place is overrated.Pequod's is a must-try for all Chicago-style lovers. Easily one of the top three best pizzas I've had in Chicago. Or anywhere, for that matter... since as everyone knows, Chicago has the best pizza in the world!So here's the dish on the deep dish:- The sauce wasn't the best I've had (I'm a sauce snob) but it was tasty, fresh, and definitely above-par.-  The amount of cheese was a bit on the lighter side compared to a Gino's pizza, but then again, I've nearly choked on the cheese there, so I'm okay with curbing the mozzarella overkill.- The toppings were huge and plentiful. (I recommend the Hawaiian if you like pieces of Canadian bacon the size of your face)But the crust! Oh, the CRUST! It was unlike any deep dish crust I've ever had, so light and fluffy and savory! It fills you up too: we had a group of 7 big eaters and we barely made a dint in our second pizza.The service and ambiance were forgettable, but that crust is not, so I will be returning very soon!This was my introduction to deep dish in Chicago. It's not the deepest I'm told, but still intimidating for a girl raised on Wolfgang Puck. The atmosphere is fun and raucous, not good for an intimate date but perfect for a catchup with a friend. Our waitress was not incredibly attentive, but it may have been because we were clearly deep in conversation and she didn't want to disturb us, which I appreciate. When the pizza came I was pretty sure even my beer and a half wasn't going to stimulate my appetite enough to tackle my portion of it. Indeed, I only got partway through my second slice because my companion mocked my lack of Chicago spirit. The first bite was exquisite. The crust is lovely and the ingredients were well distributed; fresh tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and an ever-so-slightly crispy bottom. Everyone talks about their caramelized crust, but it's worth mentioning again because it truly does distinguish them.The second time I popped in for their lunch special, I was disappointed, particularly considering my agreeable first experience. My main issue was the service. I waited about ten minutes for my waitress to return after giving me a menu, and the restaurant was not busy by any stretch of the imagination. Eventually I asked the girl behind the bar and she ended up serving me for the most part while my waitress walked past me over and over, completely ignoring me. Perhaps she was blind in one eye and I should be kinder, but my guess is she just didn't care much.The pizza was still good, but didn't wow me like the first time. Perhaps it was that the smaller pizzas don't come in the skillet and therefore aren't protected from the elements, or perhaps it was that the atmosphere contributed heavily to my enjoyment. Whatever the case, I was underwhelmed by the lunch special - $5 is a great deal for a personal pizza, but you have to dine in and the presentation leaves something to be desired. Go with a friend and tackle a real pie. And leave some room in the fridge.Quality deep dish pizza. I had garlic bread salad and a few slices for lunch and didn't eat dinner after cause I was STUFFED. Would go there again.Yes. People say this is the real deal. The best. The awesome. But, in fact, this is a trap.I had to wait more than one hour to be seated -- despite the fact that we called to make reservation and the host said it would take only 30 minutes.After seated, the waitress informed us that it would take at least one hour for our pizza to be ready. The pizza is no different from other places in Chicago. Waiting two hours to eat a regular pizza. Really?I had my first Chicago-style deep dish pizza here while visiting. It was fantastic. I will be visiting here every time I visit Chicago.Love this pizza!! Best pizza in LP, no doubt! I love and can eat pizza all day but this place, I always set my limit when I eat here because it's the only pizza I can't finish! The wait and service is average at best but the pizza itself makes up for it. The other food isn't good really, don't even recommend the dessert but the pizza is one of the best in Chicago. DEPP DISH!!!One day, I got so bored with my life in VA/DC that I drove 13 hrs to Chicago by myself. And when I got there, I had to try the deep dish pizza and found this place with over 1000 reviews. And having lived a long time in NY, I was skeptical about this deep dish pizza...is it really pizza..?..looked more like a pie to me...-_-;;  but whatever it is, it's BETTER than NY pizza lol! There I said it! haha.I got the small with mushroom and spinach. The crust was so crispy~ ;9 I don't usually eat alot, but I finished the 10" deep dish by myself ^^v Also, the bartender was really nice and cute! lol. I sat at the bar and he was a good conversation partner while I munched away.I normally hit up Lou Malnati's when I'm in Chicago, but a friend of mine told me this place was better and I had to check it out. So we tried it out - and although it doesn't knock Lou's out of my top spot, it's pretty darn good pizza.The space inside is tight, especially on a cold night when it's packed full of people to the point you can't move without bumping somebody. They don't take reservations but did allow us to register for priority seating at 8:30 - whatever that means. Also - you can put in your order while you wait, which is nice.We ordered a half cheese/half sausage deep dish. They are famous for their caramelized crust. The chef spreads a thin layer of cheese on the outside of the crust, which causes it to have a charred, burned look - and gives it a chewy texture. I liked the texture, but a few pieces were so chewy that it bordered on tough and I had trouble cutting it with my fork.The sausage was flavorful  - I wished it had more on it because it was so good. The sauce was sweet and tasty as well. Overall - this pizzeria didn't make it into my #1 spot, but it was really good, I'd definitely eat it again, and it just might be #2 on my list.5 stars without hesitation. My chicagonian friends recommend this as THE best in town, so we stopped in to cap off the weekend. It's definitely the best deep dish pizza I've ever had. Ill also add that I'm not easy to please. You should just come. That is all.All I gotta say is: Gino's was good, but Pequods was better. That is all.Ambiance - there's a great feeling when you walk in.  It has that "local" feel to it.  It's not extravagant with details or fancy lighting, but it feels comfortable in there. It's not a big place but I think there's more seating upstairs but I wasn't able to confirm. There are TV's available to watch sports and the bar area is nice.The Good - Garlick Cheesy bread is a MUST get. It looks like a a philly bread that's split in half and it has their marinara sauce, great amount of garlic, and cheese.  You HAVE to try these!! We had a medium size pan pizza with 2 ingredients and it was reasonably priced. Definitely ask your server what their recommendations are as far how big you want your pizza to be because we didn't listen (and thinking we're hungrier than we actually were) and got the medium, instead of recommended small for me, my husband and a baby.  Service is great and the quality of food is great! I like that they melt mozzarella to their crust that makes that crunchy crust. their home made marinara sauce is really good too!The Bad - I can't say any bad things about this place. Maybe except the bathroom is not all that clean. I didn't think they were going to be baby friendly but they were accommodating and even spent a couple minutes to play with my child.The Bottom Line - If you're interested in a new way of pizza, try this out! I have heard many great things about this place and it definitely lived up the hype.  The price is reasonable, friendly service, and great pizza!I was a big fan of this pizza, something definitely different. The sauce i think is what makes it taste so good. Service was also great. I would visit againThe pizza here was great! I went with three other people and we got a large cheese deep dish and a small peperoni deep dish, and we almost finished all of it. That's how great it was. The pizza's took a while to come out, but they were worth the wait. I'll definitely be back there soon!great, lunch on a thursday, no wait to be seated. reasonable 30 min wait for the pizza to come out. best part was the lunch special 4.95 for a 7in pizza with 1 topping and a pint of bud light. so satisfied right now :3HOLY HELL!I think I have died and gone to Pizza heaven.For serious.It seems my fellow yelpers are again correct in saying this is the BEST pizza in Chicago! WOW! Here's the breakdown:P = Popular beyond belief...and now I know why! It's the perfect place to grab a bit & a brew while watching Sunday night football :) Thankfully, they have 3 whole stories to accommodate all of their fans! E= Exceptional beers! Tapping into my inner local [pun intended!] we sampled various IPA's, Pale Ale's and various cocktails on the menu! They have everything :)Q = Quantity is massive! Being newbies, our party ordered apps, and 2 pizza's leaving us with hands full of to-go boxes and full bellies the next day! perfect!U = Undoubtedly the best crust ever!! Not only do they douse your pizza in cheese, but they add some extra on the crust for a nice crunch! mmmm!O = Orgasm to the mouth. Not even kidding.D = Drains the wallet a bit, but 100% worth it! :)'S = a STAPLE of Chicago!!IMO the best deep-dish in Chicago.They already have over a thousand reviews, but I'll just add my $0.02 for good measure.  I don't even particularly like deep dish, but damn, I can always make an exception for Pequod's. The best for me is a pan pizza w/ pepperoni and onions. Yes, it is as good as everyone is saying.The few times i've gotten vegetable toppings I was underwhelmed. They were still crispy and tasted raw, like they were thrown on at the last minute. Maybe that's how it's supposed to taste, but I prefer cooked toppings even if they shrivel a bit. Another gripe I have is the time it takes for them to get the pizzas out. I seem to remember waiting upwards of 50 minutes a few times, which seems a bit long. Whatever - just have a few beers in the meantime!DONT expect delivery...much less a decent pizza.I waited 3 HOURS...NEVER AGAIN!Btw, turned them away at the door...cant believe they have a business.This is my favorite pizza in the entire city of Chicago. On the outside, it kind of looks like a hole in the wall bar. The prices are reasonable, and the pizza is so good. Go with the deep dish, my favorite is just deep dish with sausage and green pepper, and the portions are huge so I always have leftovers. Plus, they burn the crust, which sounds gross but it's amazing.I have a few complaints, but it's just SO good that I can't dock a star. Call ahead to get a table. Especially on the weekends, this place is packed.Also, it takes forever to get your pizza. Don't come starving, because you will wait for at least an hour. Overall, I recommend this place to everyone that moves to Chicago and comes to visit Chicago. Every single person has loved it and goes back all the time.I, like most non-native Chicagoans, was enamored with deep dish pizza when I first arrived in this fair city, but have since fully moved on.  Still, like every resident of Chicago, I regularly receive out-of-town visitors who insist on sampling this local cuisine.Pequod's is, by far, my favorite deep dish pizza, and if given the opportunity to steer this rube of a visitor who insists on wasting one of their precious Chicago meals on this food, I will make every concerted effort to take them here.Make sure to ask for your pizza to be well done and have some extra cheese on it.Top 5 pizza spot in Chicago.Good pizza, slow, noisy, douche ownerWent to Pequod's for pizza last week.  To start, the pizza is good, 8.5 out of 10.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive, I give them a 9.However it took 1:20 to get the pizza from the time we ordered it, and we pre-ordered it.  Way too long.  We were seated upstairs, where I wouldn't go again  even if I was told there was a pot of gold up there.  This is where the wait staff dumps dishes and silverware from cleared tables.  It's also where they like to seat groups.  Because of the background noise, the people at large tables can only hear each other when they yell at each other.  This only adds to the noise, with people at every table yelling and screaming at each other just to be heard.  It's awful, just awful. If you must go, avoid upstairs and especially the back room like the plague.The first sign that the 60 something owner is a kind of a douche is that he has a pony tail to the middle of his back.  Now, I don't really hold that against him, but it starts to paint a picture.  He likes pro hockey, and I appreciate that.  However, he insists that every TV be tuned to pro hockey.  The night we were there, 4-0 Northwestern was playing at home against 5-0 Ohio State, perhaps NW's biggest home game in 10 years.  He refused to turn just one of the seven tv's off hockey to the NW game.  And even after the first period of hockey was over and there was 18 minutes of intermission advertising, he refused to turn just one tv to football during the intermission.  Douche.  Now remember, each NHL team plays 82 regular season games each year.  He can't change one tv just once, even during intermission?There are a couple of other very good pizza places within two miles of Pequods.   Considering the wait after ordering, the unbearable noise, and an owner who could care less about customer service, I will not be eating at Pequod's again.  If you must have their pizza, order it to go.Delicious deep-dish! So much better than Lou Malnattis! This pizza is so good. Went with a friend and we shared a small deep-dish, which was the perfect amount for 2 people. Scoped out other tables and it seems that the medium was good for parties of 3-4, with a large (plus appetizers) being ideal for a party of 5.The sauce is delicious and the crust is a great consistency (and doesn't taste like it was just de-thawed like the crust from Lou Malnattis).Will definitely come back!Wish there were more sausage on the pizza, but overall good. Service is great. Make a reservation if on a weekend night. But, if you have to wait, go next door to the Drinkingbird.My beloved Pequod's, how I miss thee. I still fantasize about your delicious, cheesy, caramelized crust and your crispy, spicy pepperonis. Oh, and your amazing, flavorful sauce. When my husband asks me what I want for dinner, I still answer Pequod's, even though that is a long lost dream.  I miss being able to order your deliciousness until the wee hours of the night when the craving would hit.  I miss the excitement I would feel when the buzzer in my apartment would go off and how my husband and I would get the Pequod's shrieks when we knew you were coming up the steps.  I miss how I would open the box and say every single time, "Ohhhhhh, this is a good one!  Check out that caramelization!"  I miss drafting pizza slices based on the amount of crust carmelization with my husband.  Pequod's, you have ruined all pizza for me.  I can't eat other pizza without thinking of you.  Nothing will ever come close to comparing with your greatness and nothing will ever replace you in my heart.   I can only hope that we will meet again soon.   Fondly yours,KristyPequods is for people who want excessive amounts of BREAD and very little flavor. We ordered a $28 deep dish pizza and received barely ANY toppings on top of 2 INCH thick bread. literally 98% bread and the rest sauce and toppings.TINY bit of cheese, TINY bit of sauce, and almost no toppings. How nasty. If you want a $30 PIZZA BREAD order pequods.Completely disgusting. Waste of money.This is the best pizza place in Chicago. Hands down.  Order the pan, extra sausage, a little well done...it does not get better than this. Also, order a spicy bloody mary, won't be disappointed.The only reason I gave it 1 star is because I had to.  I would give it 0 stars if I could.  So many other reviews say their pizza is "amazing" and "unreal" but the only thing unreal about it is that a pizza can be so thick with such little flavor.  The crust is literally over an inch thick but lacks taste except for the burnt cheese edges, which are palatable.  For almost $20 a pie this is a joke.  Flour and Stone kicks this place out of town, I don't see how it could be rated one of Chicago's best pizza places.  Either their employees review it every day on Yelp to boost it up or this whole Chicago pizza thing is a sham.Thanks for ruining dinner pequods...*winkBack in 1991 I went here when I first moved into the hood.  I told my friend, "great pizza, but they're not gonna make it."  Twenty-three years later they're still here, having even survived a fire--and still serving the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.   I wish I could just order the burned edges of the crust--delicious.  I always ask for mine well done.I get the Pequod's love. It's not just the pie, which has plenty to recommend it; it's the whole experience. You walk in the door and you know you're in a pizza joint. It's kinda dark, it's kinda noisy, the tables are kinda jammed together. And it *smells* like pizza. Walking in the door takes me back to the places I used to frequent in the 70s, like the old My Pie in Rogers Park. Back before pizza became respectable.Then there's the crust. Is it caramelized or is it burnt? They call it caramelized, and I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt. Because whatever it is, it's freakin' delicious. You get the same thing in an upscale restaurant, and they call it "parmesan lace." It's baked cheese, and it's terrific.The crust is pretty thick, as you would expect from pan pizza, and the toppings are plentiful, if a little erratic. Which is to say, slice one, where's the pepperoni?; slice two, loaded with it. The sauce was nothing special, but everything worked together to create a fine pie.Service was quick and friendly. The best part: they asked if we wanted to put in our order right away, before they had a table for us, so the pizza could get started. Nice touch. But they didn't rush us out at the end. I'm still at 4 stars, but I get why people give it 5.After going there for years we recently discovered the lunch special. A delicious 1 topping pan pizza with a beer for cheap. I wish I lived closer.With 80+ reviews already there isn't much I can say about Pequod's that hasn't already been said.... So here is my two cents on the 'Quod's experience:Pequods has the most amazing deep dish pizza EVER!!! Yes, better than Uno's, Due's, Gino's, Malnatti's and your Momma's pie combined. They are known famously for their "burnt crust" which is cheesy, crunchy, caramelized and pretty much one of the best things I've ever tasted - I usually work my way around the outside of the pizza and snack on it alone. Good sauce to cheese/ingredients ratio and the sauce itself is also tangy, chunky and delish. Just one side note... if you don't dig the deep dish so much and prefer a thin-crust DO NOT GO HERE. I've had to learn several times through trial and (really bad) error that Pequod's can't do thin crust. The dough is really not thin and tastes like Play-Doh - no really, I used to eat it as a kid so I know... I'm not sure how they can do one thing so good and the other so bad, but, my Daddy always says...  it's better to be really great at one thing than mediocre at a bunch of things, so stick to whatcha know. Well said!Not a fan of the the burnt crust.  Oh, I forgot... it's "caramelized".  When I accidently burn food, I just say it's "Cajun-style"!We ordered a sausage pizza with extra tomatoes.  My guy swore that this was one of his favorite pizzas, but I am not impressed.  The pizza was soggy underneath the toppings, and that burnt crust is gross.  Never again.Rumor has it that Pequod himself/herself/itself placed a large deep dish with pepperonis in front of a pre-hibernation Grizzly.  The Grizzly ate three slices, stared at the rest for 10 minutes, then slunk away in shame and died of carbohydrate poisoning.The rumor is true, for what Pequod's offers is an unparalleled deep dish gut bomb of death experience.  The motto here: One slice is a meal, two a mistake, three a nightmare.And while the pizza is good enough to rocket Pequod himself/herself/itself to Chicago pizza infamy, the restaurant has chosen to forgo commercialized tackiness in favor of the modest and timeless feel of a 1980s family restaurant.  The kind of place where you'd eat a nice pie before losing your virginity in high school or watching Ronald Reagan get shot or whatever they did.The pizza is still rockstar and continues to be.  Can't tell you how many tourists I've brought here over the years and they've been wow'ed.  The pan pizza is that effing awesome.  It is.  If Pequod's & Yelp sold marketing information about Yelpers to doctors, I'd be screwed.  I think the most times I've been to this location in one year would be over thirty for sure.  When entertaining guests that bitch and moan about a Chicago pie, if you must bring them here, the reacharound is to get a thin crust for them.  It's not bad, it's middle ground.  Personally I never order it.  Thin crust is also available by the slice.For all the naysayers that say "what's the deal, why the long wait for blah blah blah" Go to Pizza hut, there's no wait there.  For realz.Two awesome details about Pequod's.  They are open till 2 am six days a week and midnight on Sunday.  So there are plenty of times you can get in here and get a pie.  After the bars or a late night of happy hours, its a great way to end a good evening.  Second detail, their lunch special.  They've offered it forever.  Personal pan with one  topping and a soda or beer for $4.95.  That is a deal that cannot be beaten at any pizza joint, it's perfect.  At times when I'm dining with people with too many topping requests, I'll order an individual and I'll be content.  I think a Pequod's pie is best with minimal toppings, three max depending on what's ordered.Service wise.. it's not that it's hit or miss.  Just depends on the night.  I think the waitresses can be overworked because it gets hella busy.  There's the main floor and then there is also a second floor for much more seating.  I keep hearing about a beer garden but I've never seen it or forget to ask.  As a norm I always place my pizza order ahead of time.  It's almost ready to be served when I arrive and it's piping hot.I know once a few friends see this review I may get a text to join for some awesome Za over the weekend.  If you use a smart phone and "check in" to places, you can often see a popup mentioning other Yelp users being here as well.  At least in my experiences.Can you marry pizza?I would.  This is hands down the best pizza I have ever had in my 31 years of life.The crust is carmelized. Its deep dish (did I even need to mention that?).  A former Webster Place dive, a fire made it necessary to remodel it.  It used to be vandalized with white out and lots and lots of photos of customers.  Now it is remodeled, for the growingly gentrified Webster Place residents.And even though I'm a nice Jewish boy, I can't help but get pepperoni on my deep dish pizza.   The food is great, the wait staff is friendly, and they have a decent beer selection on site.  I gave it a slightly higher price point, because once you hoist a few drinks, (and who doesn't when with friends and pizza?), it can get a little more expensive.I've had it for take out, and for eat in.  Its perfect after a movie.  I have had to wait before, but it is SOOOOOOO worth it.This pizza is fantastic.  Worth the trip to the north side.  One or two pieces will fill you up.  Even if you are a fat hog.  Seriously.I am generally not a fan of deep dish, but I want to marry this pizza. I'm also not really a big fan of pepperoni, but it is uber salty deliciousness here. I love Pequod's.This is the place to reward yourself after a hard workout. Bookmark it!People, I do not mess with deep dish pizza. It's an art. Too many toppings and you lose the aesthetic. Too little sauce and you have to chew the cheese for a solid 5 minutes. Soft crust? Pff! What's the point? I could go on for a long time on this topic, I'll spare you.Based on the one slice of Pequod's tomato basil pizza generously passed to me by Lou the barmaid at Nisei Lounge one chilly February evening, I was solidly into it. I reserve the last star for a visit, as this was only delivery, but the cheesy crust thing kinda won me over. Solid.More like 3 1/2 stars, but due to the stomach ache I have right now I'm rounding down. Not that Pequod's is responsible for the stomach ache...I really did NOT need to eat that 2nd piece of pizza.So I branched out and tried a different type of pizza that my precious Bricks. I'm not such a fan of deep dish, but I heard Pequod's was different from typical deep dish pizza.  And yes, it was good...but not over the top good. And if I'm going to waste calories on pizza I'm expecting it to be over the top good.  Just a little too much of everything going on in this pizza- a bit too doughy & way too much cheese (and this is coming from a girl who loves her cheese so much she should have been a mouse).   I liked it enough to eat it (2 big pieces in fact), but not enough to crave it or really want to go back.However, the caramelized cheese crust of their pizza is worth 5 stars.  If I ever find myself back at Pequod's I'm hoping I can just order an entire pizza of the crust covered with caramelized cheese. Now THAT is over the top good.Many of us can probably agree that drinking quite a few alcoholic beverages prior to eating can make mediocre food taste like victuals from a feast of Hedone. However, an odd occurrence took place when I ate at Pequod's. Even with more than 4 glasses of wines swishing around inside of me, I did not find Pequod's version of deep dish pizza worthy of my palate. All you lovers of this faux deep dish can get mad if you want. I don't like it. I don't like the thin flavorless sauce, the way the toppings seem to be lackadaisically thrown into a heap atop of it all (Ingredients are supposed to be inside of a deep dish. In.... Side.), or the cheese. The crust; let's talk about it. At first, when I shared my underwhelment (I made it up) of this pizza, I was told I should have had the caramelized crust. Upon checking with my friend who brought me here, I learned that I, indeed, had had the caramelized crust. Caramelized, seared, lightly whipped.... whatever the crust has to be in order to taste good, it is not. If a pizza tastes like this to me after that much wine, and while seriously hungry, I'd hate to consume it while sober. This is a transplant's deep dish, in my opinion. And when I really think about, that is mainly what has recommended this pizza to me; transplants. I ought to know better.I've had Pequod's bookmarked for months and months.  I've previously been over to the nearby theater and had thought fleetingly about going to Pequod's for a bite afterward but never had.  I'd even once stopped by to attempt to get slices but was thwarted by a closed sign on the door.  So I'd always just missed on a Pequod's visit.  Now, that's all changed, as I've finally made it past that dirty blue marquee into the highly vaunted promised land.My one and only visit to Pequod's actually happened on a whim after the initial plan of the evening, a visit to Wilde, was abortive due to zero parking available in Lakeview.  Since we're both trying to do something right as good little Catholics by not eating meat on Fridays during Lent, the backup plan in my hip pocket of cheese pizza at Pequod's came into play.We passed under the ugly blue marquee and entered a packed pizzeria on a Friday night.  We were quoted ten minutes, so we took a seat at the bar and enjoyed a pint.  Not two minutes later, our name was called and off we went.  I figured we were getting the table next to the bar that was just vacated.  Wrong.  We were led upstairs, past the first room and way back to the room for the little kiddies all the way back in the corner.  Who knew the place was so huge?  I really didn't care for where we were seated, but, again, food is paramount.We ordered a large pan pizza (cheese only, yawn), mozzarella sticks and a bowl of tomato bisque.  The soup was only okay.  It was too thick and cheesy.  The mozzarella sticks were mozzarella sticks.  We had to get something for an appetizer though, as I'd already made poor little starving K-Mac wait long enough.  We only ended up eating one slice of the pizza apiece.  As far as the pizza goes (that's all that really matters), it was pretty decent.  I'd put it on a par with places like Lou's and Gino's, quite honestly.  I'm more of a thin crust guy than a deep dish guy.  The carmelized crust is quite lovely.  But it all just tends to blow up in my stomach.  Also, it's remarkable that a Pequod's pan pizza is at its best in the restaurant and hot.  I took home four huge slices and made my way through them in about 48 hours' time.  This pizza does not translate in a cold iteration.  It actually doesn't translate in a reheated iteration very well either.  And the air in the dough again just blows up in my stomach.  My thin crust Aurelio's will always be my top lover as far as pizza goes.Pequod's is three stars.  It's alright.  But it's not great.The tomato sauce is really good, but overall...eh.  Just order the cheesy garlic bread for like $3 and get a side of the sauce.  You'll enjoy yourself with way lower expectations.  The service is...odd...The people are...odd...It's like they call this place a White Sox bar because it kind of sucks, like it's a crude northside joke about the southside or something...I think I'm offended - no, wait - yeah, I am. Fried mushrooms cost $6.  That's like .80 cents per crappy breaded mushroom or something, which, correct me if I'm wrong, is like the very definition of sucking.PS - The idea of anybody in that place (me, our waitress and Paul Konerko included) wearing one of those Pequod g-strings that are hanging from the wall? [shudders + grossed out face]Finally Pequod's!  I have had you bookmarked for too long. I am a big fan of deep dish pizza.  I have heard good things about Pequod's and was happy to get the opportunity to eat here.  So I put on my pizza eating pants and made way for Deep Dish.   Most of the time I got out to eat, I am a Lone Ranger.  So I don't normally go to pizza places because I feel awkward ordering an entire pizza to myself.  I went for the Sausage and Pepperoni with/ Onions Deep Dish-  Here's a couple things you need to know about Pequod's Pizza.  1) The Crust is dark and a little charred2) Most of the deep dish will be doughThe ingredients were spot on.  The sausage was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  The spices in the sausage were insanely delicious.  The pepperoni's were average.  The crust is crisp and the middle of the pizza is doughy and delicious, but not undercooked.  The sauce was flavorful.  This was a excellent pizza.yelp.com/biz_photos/DXwS…yelp.com/biz_photos/DXwS…I would recommend this if you are ever in this area.  The pizza is some of the best deep dish I have had.Pan Pizza?  More like deep dish!My wife and I rolled in to Chicago a little late on Friday, and were starving.  Thankfully, my friend had the foresight to order some pizza before we got to his joint.  Pequod's was his choice.  And while one might think you have to get Chicago style pizza in Chicago, this certainly is not a bad option.My friend ordered two pizzas- green peppers and mushrooms on one, and pepperoni and sausage on the other (carnivores gotta eat).  Typically the pizzas take anywhere from 40-50 minutes, so plan ahead people.We got there before the pizza arrived, but it wasn't long before we were rocking some of the best "non-deep dish" pizza I've ever had.  The two medium pizzas were enough to feed 7 (though 3 of those people weren't that hungry).  The sausage was pretty stellar, and they really packed on/in the toppings.  It was a great start to my weekend in Chicago.  Oh yeah, Pistons beat the Lakers that evening too, so double in your face!Overall- I would definitely order pizza from here again.Chuck Norris Rating- Head SlamAt $30 for a large 14" pan pizza with two toppings, after tax and delivery, I would think this is probably close to the most expensive pizza anywhere on earth. Literally... if not, please, someone tell me a city where it's more expensive. That said, at that price it better taste like gold or at least something special.The first time we ordered it, it did.  This past time though it was fairly average, which more importantly means they aren't consistent. The crust was really super bready and didn't seem like it was done enough. Kind of like eating a bland loaf of bread. Two of my friends were actually turned off by it enough to not eat more than a piece. I ordered garlic as a topping and it was completely raw on the pizza as well. This is not pizza made of gold.  I do love the cheesy char they get on the edge, though some would just call this cheesy char burnt cheese.Ordering delivery from here couldn't be easier. While some places that are really busy show it, the order taker on the phone makes it seem effortless. It does take an hour and a half to get a pizza to your door when busy though.After seeing too many Food Network / Cooking Channel / Travel Channel shows featuring the competition of Chicago-style deep dish pizzas at Pizzeria Uno and Lou Malnati's, my girlfriend and I decided that we should engage in the discussion as well and visit both locations.  We agreed that we would get one fried appetizer dish, one medium deep-dish pepperoni pizza, and soda. (Dessert only if we felt we could truly handle it.)So here's the experience at Pequod's Pizzeria (our third stop of the two):That's right, we were convinced to add a 3rd contender to our ultimate deep-dish competition.  Who convinced us?  Food Network magazine.  They had a special in a recent issue about the best pizza in every state, and we jumped to Illinois to find out if Food Network chose Uno or Lou, and we read that...  what the heck is a "Pequod's Pizzeria"??We hit the 'net, and found out that on my two recent trips up to Webster to hit up Barnes & Noble and the awesomeness of Five Guys, I was walking RIGHT PAST this place.Well at about 4:30pm on a Sunday, we changed all that and entered the building for supposedly the best deep-dish 'zza Chicago has to offer, complete with caramelized cheese on the crust for that extra-savory flavor.Well, we got ourselves a seat and thumbed through the menu for our fried appetizer.  Boom!  Appetizer Combo: sign us up!After Lou Malnati's, my girlfriend had finally come to terms with fried zucchini, and these slices o' veggie were quite good.  She enjoyed the mozz sticks, since I'm the only fried mushroom fan.  They were quite tasty as well.  Poppers on an appetizer platter is just icing on the cake - good choice, Pequod's!And with proper timing, our pizza arrived.  Now THIS was the kind of deep-dish pepperoni pizza I was expecting.  The pepperoni had a great flavor and lovely crispiness to them.  The sauce was a FREAKIN' SAUCE!  Barely any chunks of tomato to be found!  I was in heaven!  And then the crust, with the caramelized cheese (which is a very fancy term for "we just throw some extra cheese on the crust so it gets burnty/crunchy in the oven") really does make all the difference, especially with the level of butter you can tell went into the dough.My only qualm with the pizza was the ratio of dough to everything-else-that-isn't-dough on the pizza.  I enjoy a really hearty and thick slice of pizza when I go for deep dish, but the thickness of the bottom dough/crust was getting to me after the second slice.  I couldn't even finish the third slice, which is frankly an embarrassment for a man of my rotund stature.  All that remained of the third slice was a mound of crust and dough with the flesh and sauce stripped off and consumed.Yet another round of deep-dish-pizza hilarity that would not allow room for a dessert.But before I leave you with the score, I have to mention the "unique" atmosphere of this place.Pequod's Pizzeria is, in my opinion, an Inside Joke.  The kind where somebody at the table says something that makes no sense to you, but everyone around you is snickering or cracking up and tells you that "you just had to be here" or "it's a Jersey thing" or some other excuse as to why you won't understand the joke.  That's how it felt here.  And at the center of it all is a mascot whale with a pair of panties on its head, just staring you in the face and DARING you to "get the joke".  And I didn't.  The metaphor extended to the waitstaff, who seemed to be enjoying conversations with each other more than with the patrons of the establishment.  I would NOT  say that we had bad service.  Not at all.  But after refilling our soda, our server would hang out at the bar with the bartender or the register with some other staff, making comments to each other and yukking it up in general.(There's also a mysterious second floor, which I believe it just extra seating.  I was intrigued, but grateful to be on the first floor and not having to entertain the thought of navigating steps with a tummy full of doughy, cheesy 'zza.)Near the end of the meal, I just had to try and get an explanation.  I pulled our server over and just flat-out asked, "So why is the mascot a whale with a pair of panties on its head?""I don't really know - I think it was created by the owner or something.  But it's pretty cool, I think."Well, maybe the Inside Joke is just the simple fact that you're not able to know why the punchline is funny.  I agree it's kind of a humorous idea of putting panties on the head of a whale, but they would either have to be unthinkably-large panties or an unthinkably-small whale.  I still don't get it...But what I do get is that it's no joke that Food Network magazine made the right choice, because Pequod's Pizzaria hand-down beat out both Lou Malnati's and Pizzeria Uno in our deep-dish pizza competition.We got here on a Saturday night around 6-7 PM. There was about an hour or so wait. Meanwhile, we luckily got a spot at the bar and enjoyed some beers and the Blackhawks game. Finally, it was time to eat. We got the deep dish pizza with caramelized crust. Pizza was pretty delicious, but the crust is what made it unique. I've pretty much had the best of the best when it comes to deep dish, but this place is right up there. It's hard to be blown away when you've had the best of the best, but there was definitely no denying that the pizza and experience is worth the trip.Makes you forget your hunger, and what you were talking about...Now, choosing a great pizza place in Chicago is like choosing between a gorgeous brunette and a fiery redhead, you marry one and have a shot at a real life, or you gamble and chance landing in a trailer park with 2 kids that aren't yours, living off foodstamps and dance money.  What were we talkin' about?   Pizza, oh yeah.  PIZZA - First, ONLY order the pan pizza.  Thin?  No.  Thin is like, well, like the ugly cousin who just got out of prison.  A Russian prison in Uzbekistan.The pan pizza is perfect.  The seasoned, thick tomato gravy works its way into the thick, yet light crust.  The cheese and sausage (which is nice and chunky and imparting a great flavor to the crust) are a perfect complement.THE CRUST - When you get the pizza, the edge of the crust looks dark, almost burnt, but really, it's CARMELIZED.  Its probably a different cheese from mozzarella, but it's GOOD.  This is one time you want to save the crust for last.  Now, some people don't LIKE carmelized cheese, and that's okay.  You can knock a star off the review in your head, but I keep it at 5.CAVEATS - Parking stinks.  Almost everything else on the menu is just okay, so ONLY order the pan pizza.  Yeah, one trick pony, but this pony can recite Shakespeare while juggling.Order in advance, and order more, cause this is a great next breakfast pizza.  Especially if you chose the trailer park girl and her two kids.Considering I was born in Chicago - you'd think I'd LOVE Chicago deep dish pizza...but I don't.  I'm a traitor and love NY-style pizza instead.So...considering that I don't LOVE deep dish pizza to begin with...Pequod's isn't my favorite - and their thin crust pizza isn't fabulous by any means...  BUT...in all fairness...the CARMELIZED CRUST of their deep dish pizzas are AWESOME.  There's a good reason why they're famous for their carmelized crust!  Instead of making sm/med/lg-sized pizzas, they should just make all personalized sized pizzas so you can get more crust with your pizza!  :)  The place is kinda small and really packed during dinnertime on the weekends, so be prepared to wait a little or call ahead and make reservations!It's a great place to take visitors who are in town and want to try Chicago-style pizza - all my guests have really enjoyed it!Overall:Atmosphere - fun, loud, busyService - decent for such a busy placeParking - can be hard to find street parkingGroups - great for groups and in town visitors...make reservations if you can cuz this place sure gets packed quickly!Food - great for the deep dish pizza!  Regular pizza, not so great.Questioned the recommendation of a friend that Pequod's was one of the best pizzeria's in Chicago. She was right, this place is great. Our mushroom and sausage pizza was excellent.  Would recommend this to all pizza lovers.When asking around about Chicago Pizza, the two names that came up were Gino's and Lou's.  It wasn't till I talked to some local pizza lovers that I came across this place.  They told me that they hoped that my opinion of Chicago pizza wouldn't be reflected by my experience with Gino's. Well....this was my last meal in Chicago and I have to say that this was one of the most memorable of them all.  We came right when it opened and we took advantage of their lunch special, which included a 7" one topping pan pizza and beer or coke for $5.   Five.  Dollars.I had my pizza with Sausage, Garlic, and Fresh Tomatoes.  Paid only $1 for the extra toppings.  The garlic added some nice flavor to the sauce and it was the best dollar I spent in Chicago.The sauce was great, the pizza had a great crust with a nice crisp, and the ingredients were very flavorful.  It was a great piece of pie and the best we had in Chicago.  If anyone has tried a better pizza in Chicago, then I would love to hear about it.  But this was clearly the best in our trip to the midwest.   So definitely try Gino's and Lou''s to get your own opinion, but don't be foolish by leaving this out of the discussion if you're looking to try the best pizza of Chicago.I love this place. A buddy of mine recommended this place and was completely worth it.Showed up about 9 o'clock and the place was packed, was originally given an hour wait for a table and ended up getting a place sitting at the bar shorty after, which was just as good as having a table for us. Bartenders and wait staff were super friendly and accommodating. Never took long to get new drinks and our water cups were always kept full, which is a huge plus in my book. *Note when we left around 11 this place was maybe half full, so later you come the better.Ordered the cheesy bread which was good, but nothing to write home about. Might recommend them to start serving it with some nacho cheese sauce.However the deep dish pizza here was some of the best pizza I've had in awhile, makes my top 5 list of pizza places. Ended up with a sausage and mushroom pizza and a spinach and mushroom pizza, both were great. Starting with the fresh ingredients, perfect amount of sauce and then the crust, whatever they are doing, they are doing right. Only issue was on one of the pizzas they had a lot of mushrooms all clumped together, but nothing to really complain about.Being a Blackhawks bar, really want to make it in for a game next time I visit. Could see this place getting packed and a great place to watch it with all their tv's and memorabilia. Note I'd definitely be showing up early to either get a table or a good spot at the bar.Only thing that was a little strange that you could see the bartenders routinely going on smoke breaks and the cashier was wearing a bull ring. I guess whatever floats your boat, but I think hurts the professional feel of the place, but guess everybody has to have a little flare.I've been eating Chicago Style pizza since I cut my first teeth, and Peaquod's became king of the hill in my book last year. After reading the rave reviews on GrubHub.com, my roommate ordered a medium pepperoni pizza. Usually, when either one of us orders pizza, we try and push the leftovers on the other the next day to avoid the guilt of eating pizza two nights in a row. The next day, I feasted on my first slice of microwaved Peaquod's pizza and it tasted better than most slices from  freshly baked pies elsewhere.Peaquod's formula for Chicago Style pizza strays slightly from the standard. Traditional Chicago Style pizza has a moderately thinner pie style crust and is layered with cheese, ingredients, and sauce. Peaquod's is essentially a thick pan pizza with no visible crust - just sauce and cheese straight to the edge. Because the cheese isn't in a hollowed crust, there is slightly less than you'd find on a pizza from Giordano's or Gino's East. As much as I love tons of melted cheese, I'm not bothered by the reduction. What they take away in cheese, they give back in ingredients. Holy freaking pepperoni!Now for the famous "carmelized cheese crust" that is mentioned in every review. Personally, it's hardly my favorite thing about Peaquod's but it does have an interestingly good taste. It tastes like a parmesan crisp ...only slightly charred with a bit of pizza sauce on the edge. It's kind of like croutons on a salad in that it's a nice crunchy add on, but overlookable in comparison to the dish it complements.Chicago Style traditionalists may not like Peaquod's because it's not like all the others. I love Chicago Style Pizza and thick crust pan pizza. Finding a place that somehow merged the two was a godsend. I've only had delivery from Peaquod's, but I am anxious to eventually taste a slice fresh out of the oven!Excellent Chicago style pizza. Better than the other I've had while visiting here. The way the crust is caramelized onto the iron skillet is so crunchy and delicious and they've got it down to a science. I was here with another couple and of course the men chose sausage, and the gals chose basil. I'm so glad we tried the sausage, as it was truly amazing. As they say "you can't beat our meat" and boy are they right.Pequod's kicked off the first round of the "Pizza Challenge" at my place of work, and the general consensus was that this restaurant should either come in dead last or should not even qualify for competition.The Deep Dish pizza was about 90% bread, which might have been acceptable if they hadn't forgotten to include flavor.  The thin layer of cheese and sauce weren't much of an improvement, and the "caramelized" (see also: burnt) cheese at the edge of the crust only served as the final nail in the coffin.Really, this was about a half step above Pizza Hut.  If eating a burnt loaf of stale bread with a little sauce and cheese thrown on top is your thing, then please knock yourself out at Pequod's.  I will pass, as will most of my coworkers.For what it's worth, this was delivery.  I can't speak about the dining experience at the restaurant itself.Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!  Pequod's has some seriously good pizza.  My friend's and I stopped in after a movie and had two pan pizzas...one was all veggie and one was all meat.  Since like both, I tried each and they were superb.  I loved the crust.  It was a pan pizza, but the crust wasn't too thick on the bottom or the sides.  The caramelized cheese was yummy!Pequod's is my new favorite pizza joint.Get pepperoni on your deep dish.  Trust me, it's worth the extra calories.  Also important to note: Lots of cops in this joint, which reaffirms my opinion that Chicago's Finest know how to sniff out good grub.And if you're under 21, it's probably not a good idea to try to pass off a fake ID with the po-po all up in here.Oh, you know, I've only been to Chicago a gazillion times now and have never tried deep dish pizza.  My friends were not only appalled and confused, but did everything in their power to change this.  When my friend said that Pequod's is his favorite Chicago pizza, I trusted his judgment and now I know why.The crust is perfect.  I was expecting some doughy, yeasty monstrosity.  Not even close - the crust is much more porous than I expected, slightly caramelized, and crispy.  I also liked that the tomato sauce had a little bit of tartness to it, rather than the sweet or overly salty stuff that is so often slopped on top of pizza crust.  There was plenty of cheese, yet the structural integrity of the pizza was not compromised.  In summary, all of the ingredients are tasty AND in proportion.Although this was a great slice of Chicago pizza, NY pizza will always reign supreme.** I am ready to start 2011 with death threats from pro-Chicago pizza Yelpers.Call me Ishmael.Or don't.  Whatever you call me - I am all filled-up and blubbery after eating here last night.  This pizza is INSANELY delicious.  I am a total thin cruster but the pan pizza here is divine.  Some of the spiciest and finest pepperoni I have encountered in a while.  What is up with the crust?  It is a bunch of caramelized crispy goodness!   It took a while to get our pie but it was well worth the wait.  Pequod's may look like a hole from the street but once inside, I found it to be Moby-Dick's-belly-like cozy.  I will jump back on your boat, Peaquod's!  You betcha!I love pizza...and this place doesn't disappoint! (so I'm kinda mad i didn't yelp this ages ago!)Deep dish is great and the crust is amazing. I'm a big crust person...i believe a bad crust can KILL a good pizza. Beer drinkers rejoice! They have good beer specials! on the day i was there  pitchers were around $6 ( if i remember correctly)Its a small space so get there early as they filled up BIG time while i was eating!Pequod's, you've done it again!My friend Amanda and I grabbed 12 of our friends last night for a birthday dinner.  We originally had a reservation for 10 but with some late additions we were hoping they could accommodate.  Because of the large size of our party they moved us to the upstairs of the restaurant which had a few other large parties.The other parties of about 10-12 people ordered 3 large pizzas and people nibbled on them.  Our group of fatties ordered 6 pizzas; some ordered their own 10" pizzas, and some groups of 2 split larges.  I'm sure the waitress thought we were nuts but I kept confirming that we only ordered this much just so we could have leftovers ;)  Even though she had to maneuver in many ways to get the pizzas on our tables and serve us each individually our first slice, she did it and gracefully.  Everyone left full and happy and thoroughly enjoyed the food.  Thanks to the staff for making our friend birthday dinner a big hit!I'm fine being the only person that did not enjoy the pizza here AT ALL. Yes the burnt cheese on the crust is good but I can do that at home.  The rest of the crust is TOO thick, too much bread. Not enough cheese. They give a decent amount of toppings but they'd have to give me a mountain of meat and cheese to make that much bread tasty. I know I hate it when I stop eating after 1 slice. I NEVER STOP EATING AFTER ONE SLICE!Also our server was kind of an idiot. When I said "can we get a round of water for everyone", that doesn't mean 4 glasses of water for 7 people. Simple math girl. Simple math.While I'm a sucker for Art of Pizza, there is just something about a caramelized crust that gets me everytime. This place is neck and neck with Art of Pizza for me. While I generally like Art of Pizza as my go to Chicago Deep Dish pizza place, the pizza at Pequod's is in a league of its own. It's not like regular deep dish. Something happens inside those seasoned pans they make the pizza in that makes it so damn good. It's just as ridiculously good delivered too!That pizza was delicious! As everyone said, the caramelized cheese crust is crunchy and good and it's my favorite I've had so far. A 10 inch deep dish is the perfect size to split between two people, and I loved that it wasn't greasy and the crust was light instead of doughy. I didn't like that it's $1.50 for each topping. What the heck? Also when "fresh basil" is an option as a topping, I'm looking for a layer of basil leaves, not a few scattered slivers that don't even seem like a topping at all. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere was relaxed. Parking can be a bit of a pain, but I'd definitely go back when I'm craving some crunchy cheese crust!My wife would give the pan pizza a five star, I would give it a four.  I had the sausage, she had the pepperoni.  The sauce is tasty on the pan, and they pile the ingredients on the pizza.  Sausage is large, could have more on that type.  The crust is good, doesn't fall apart, and has a corn meal taste to it.  I can take or leave the outside crust and the carmelization.  You certainly don't see it anywhere else, so you should try it.  As for the thin crust, not very good.  I don't know if their sauce gets better when cooked longer, but the thin crust pizza just doesn't have any flavor.  I would avoid.I'm going to bump them up a star after giving the pizza a second chance.  My best gal and I were craving deep-dish and for some reason my memory of the aesthetic here called me like a siren.  It just seemed like the right kind of place from which to escape the summer Sunday heat.  Maybe because of the semi-darkness and blue light?Anyway, I still think that the pizza is strangely bland, but I tracked the problem to the sauce, so it makes more sense to me now.  It just needs more seasoning, I think.  Otherwise the pizza is pretty great, especially the crust, which manages to be crispy on the bottom and edges but bready in the middle.  The pizza reheats really well in a conventional oven, which is a rarity.We had an egregiously sullen (and often absentee) waitress.  However, they seemed to do a shift change while we were there, and all of the evening people seemed pleasant enough.  So maybe we just got a bad apple.Oh, and the upstairs men's room has a four-foot Gandalf head painted on the wall.  You don't see that every day...or actually, ever.LUNCH SPECIAL - $4.95 for 7" personal pan pizza + 1 topping + pint glass of Bud Light.  I still think Lou's deep dish is tastier because of the tomato sauce, but WHAT A DEAL!  The restaurant is clean, and the service is decent at this location, too.  I think the rush is around 12:30pm.I'm going to have to make a "You Can't Afford NOT To" List.I can't believe I haven't reviewed this yet!This is my all-time-favorite pizza. Ever. Ever ever.I'd take this any day over Lou's or Gino's East or Giordano's or anything else in Chicago. Sausage is hunkier than Jordan Catalano and only slightly cheesier. There is no better deal than their $5 personal pan lunch special complete w/ blah-domestic beer (whatever. the $5 for the pan alone is worth it....I'll take any excuse for alcohol on top of it.)Thank you, Pequods. Thank you from the bottom of my satisfied gut.I was excited for my first visit to Pequods, having heard only good things.  We arrived at 640 for our 645 reservation and were told "20 minutes". One hour and 27 minutes later we were seated. No apology, no free soda while waiting. Nothing. Does it matter if the pizza is good if the service is terrible and they don't care about their customers?I really, really, really wanted to love this place.  I'd heard so many good things, and my friend and I used to drool at it while we worked out across the street at Bally's and she would tell me how amazing it was.  We often said we needed to make our way over there, and tonight we finally did.Service was...  how do I put this...  the very definition of lackadaisical.  (Yes, I've been dying to use that in a sentence.)  When I entered, a guy informed me all the booths were full and just kind of motioned towards the tables.  I took that as my cue to pick my own table.Table selected, we sat down and our server came over.  We ordered drinks, and she didn't seem to want to take our food order.  I can't figure that out.  I started with the house salad, which was very... wet.  I felt like I needed a paper towel to take some of the water off the lettuce.  The salad was just okay, nothing earth shattering.  My friend got the minestrone soup, and I didn't think to ask her how it was but she gobbled it up so I would assume it was good.We ordered a thin crust pizza....  yet when they brought it out it was pan.  We said we ordered thin.  The server said we ordered pan.  I assured her we did not, as pan was never even a consideration for us.  The server said it would be 10 minutes to get a new pizza.  Okay, fine.  But there were no apologies for screwing up our order, and I felt like we were putting her out.  You know, for *her* mistake.Finally the correct pizza came out, and it was piping hot.  I was so excited to dig in...  but it was just...  missing the mark completely.  The crust I had heard so much about was dry and didn't really have any flavor.  The sauce was eh.  The cheese was eh.  I mean, it's pizza, it's pretty hard to screw up, but it just fell way short of my expectations.Pizza consumed, we waited forever for our check.  Then we got to talking and might have forgotten about it.  But when we realized they were getting busy and we needed to give up our table, our server kept walking by and not picking up the check and the obvious credit card laid down on top of it.  I finally flagged her down, and we finally managed to leave.I hate to say it, but I won't be going out of my way to come back here.  But they were pretty busy tonight, so I'm thinking they won't miss my business...Pan style pizza was really good. Appetizers were ok.  However, I still give it 3 stars for the poor service: we had to go to the bar to order more drinks as none of the waitresses has been around for too long; they told us about 40 min long wait for pizza only after we ordered..but we also were seated on the second floor. I noticed service on the first floor was faster or at least it looked livelier there.We travel to Chicago every holiday and crave Chicago style pizza but with 2 young kids, it's difficult to not be on a long wait and the standard downtown pizza haunts. . It's uncommon to have pizza joints take reservations but Peqoud's did!!  We were seated right on time and the staff was excellent and attentive to our kids---and the pizza was some of the best we have had in Chicago. We will be back again!!I wouldn't get their stuffed yet because I ordered it delivery. And stuffed pizza cannot retain its true form after being stored in a vinyl bag and driven around Chicago. So we got a regular pizza, sausage and pepperoni.The crust was probably the best I've had lately. It's got some kind of braided, buttered thing going on. Very nice. However, the only sauce on the pizza was the single, lonely blob that dripped onto my roommate's jeans. Overall the pizza was mediocre. And I feel that $27.81 was WAY too much for a mediocre pizza. Anecdote: The delivery woman called and said she couldn't find our address. She read the number to us and asked, "Are you sure that's your address?" No, sweetheart, I might be mistaken. Let me go double check my lease, utility bills, and miscellaneous mail that successfully arrives at my apartment on a daily basis.The sauce needs salt. So there's sauce on the table. The sauce needs a kick. So whaddya know, there's a shaker of chili flakes. The cheese isn't quite savory enough. Hey, lookee here, there's a shaker full of grated 'parm'. If you don't like doctoring your food, you may be disappointed by Pequod's. Me, I'll doctor anything...including you, if you just ask. I liked this pan pizza --not too cheesy, not too saucy. And the dough was good -- wasn't too 'short' (shortening added) - it actually had a great flavor and texture. And the burnt cheese ends at the top of the crust were delicious - like little pizza joint frico. Yeah, the sauce is bland, but at least it isn't bad - and can be fixed.Pequod's doesn't deliver to me.  So this is what I do:  I wait 20 minutes for the #74.  I take a 25 minute bus ride.  I walk down Clybourn to Pequods.  I pick up my pizza.  I walk up Clybourn.  I wait 10 minutes for the #74.  I take a 15 minute bus ride back to Logan Square. (Thank god it's faster going west).  I grab a piece of the still warm pizza, and throw the rest in the oven to keep warm.  And then I feast for hours.To do all that, it must be great pizza!I just chime in to slam the thin crust here.  I don't like deep dish pizza, but apparently this is a great place for deep dish.  Still, a pizza place should do both well.  Really bad pizza.  A big messy layer of greasy white cheese that seemed to have had the taste sucked out of it.  I was perplexed.   What kind of cheese was this supposed to be?  Nihilist cheese.  I just made that up.   Cheese seems be suffering from ennui.   I really can't get beyond the nihilist cheese on the thin crust here.  No passion.  No spark.  Defeatist cheese.  Dead cheese.  Big gloppy greasy cheese that hangs around a small town convenience store on Friday nights, because there is nothing else to do.  Boring cheese.  The crust was decent though.  And the server was really nice.    Really bad thin crust.  Don't get it.  If you like deep dish, Pequod's will be fine.  Menu is generally limited as well.Yeah anyway the pizza really is some of the best in Chicago if not America. Duh.One night in here I got into an argument with my friend Eric (the guy who dresses in suits to be "zany"). We had just started on our pizza when he made a bizarre comment. Read on.Eric: "You know, Ryan. You remind me of John Travolta when you eat."Me: "Oh, thanks. Very nice of you to say that."Eric: "I didn't mean that as a compliment."Me: "Oh."Eric: "It's just...an observation. Like. When you chew, your face, it looks like Travolta's."Me: "Fat Travolta or hot Travolta?"Eric: "Um. Fat Travolta. Sorry."Me: "That's cool. I could probably lose a few pounds."Eric: "Yeah. We all could."(awkward silence)Me: "So."Eric: "So."Me: "So maybe. I dunno."Eric: "What?"Me: "That's probably the dumbest thing you've ever said in your life."Eric: "Just an observation, dude."Me: "Oh really? I mean, would you like it if I said, `Eric, when you wipe your hands on your napkin, you look like Mickey Rourke. Not the young and hot Mickey Rourke, but the old and tired Mickey Rourke with the botched facelift and ugly tattoos."Eric: "You're overreacting."Me: "God. I hate you sometimes."Then we finished our pizza (excellent) and took a bus to a bar.Hands down the best pizza in chicago. I will fist fight you to defend their honor! You can eat at all the famous tourist traps all you want but Pequods has everything and more.The reputation of this pizza joint was heard about even before I moved from Michigan to Chicago. Its not a chain its just damn good plain and simple. The pan pizza, I cannot give enough justice to it in written words. You simply must try it.. The dough, sauce, cheese all comes together to form greatness! The Best part is the caramelized cheese on the sides! Go forth and try it!Just go to Pequods.  I don't know why burnt cheese is good, but it is.I like whales and I like pizza.  I'm not sure how I feel about the fact that pizza makes me look like a whale, but that's beside the point.  Doing some errands, I passed by Pequod's and decided the siren song of pizza was greater than my need to save money or lose weight.  It happens.  Besides, I needed a reward after having to put back a running skirt that I so desperately wanted that cost $60. It seems like a few people are like WTF to the caramelized crust, but come on people, it's like the char on a marshmallow over a campfire.  AMAZING.  The sausage is delicious and you can taste all the herbs and the sauce is pretty great also.  It's a little hard to cut, but what they hey?  I like a challenge.  We waited for less than 2 minutes, our server and the host were super friendly, and the prices were decent.  I'm intrigued by the $5 personal pizza and beer lunch special.  Who wants to skip work???Also- this whole whale tail thong thing makes my head spin... a thong on a whale on a thong, which will inevitably be a whale tail when you try to cram your pizza laden ass into your skinny jeans.  Crazy.Say the words "Chicago-style deep dish pizza" and most of us out-of-towners are thinking about Gino's East or Giordano's.  Some are familiar with Lou Malnatti's, which is a fine establishment, and superior to those first two names.  But the money spot is Pequod's Pizzeria.  It's not even a contest.Everything is FRESH and done big.  The crust is caramelized -- you will never eat a better pie crust in all your days.  May I recommend the sausage - great flavor, and hearty.  You won't leave Pequod's hungry.This place is a banging value, too.  Call in your order ahead of time, because it's bound to be packed.  We tried the garlic cheese bread and onion rings, too -- both were phenomenal.Do not leave Chicago without trying Pequod's.  Do it.I have been here probably 15 times, and every time the pizza is EXCELLENT. The cheese particles in the crust is really what makes it! Hands down, this is my favorite pizza I've ever had -- and I have lived in Chicagoland my entire life.Last, but not least, they deliver to my home in the Loop! You really can't ask for more.Best stuffed pizza in the city - bar none!Went here for the first time the other day and was happy, stuffed, satisfied and may have gained ten pounds~!Had a spinach and tomato pie with soda and ranch dressing.  Great ranch dressing, awesome pie and a waitress who refilled our sodas immediately after they were half full (not half empty:).This experience was only made better by their large screen tvs which were showing ladies bowling, almost saw a perfect game (she missed striking out in the 10th), and golf in HD.  If it wouldn't have been after a fun night of drinking I would of been able to review their beer selection since they have a full bar and many options on tap.  This will have to wait for next time.It is right across the street from a movie theater too so next time may have to be for a dinner and a movie date.  Because pizza and beer go so well together....Quite simply, I really don't care for Chicago's deep dish (being a NYC transplant and all), but - gasp - I actually enjoyed it at Pequod's tonight.  It mainly came down to the following: 1) not as doughy as all those "famous" chains, 2) no disgusting amount of cheese like those "famous" chains, 3) excellent sauce with a hint of smokey flavor, 4) caramelized edge (which I hadn't seen at those "famous" chains).  A sub-par beer list, however.  My avid beer enthusiast friend was rather disappointed with his choices of beers throughout the meal.  Next time, I shall try the thin crust and see how it compares to my beloved NY pie.This place has some good cheesy bread (and pizza too). Of course you come here for the pizza but it's always nice to chomp on a tizer' while you wait the 30min for your fresh pie to finishI'm a huge fan of their deep dish pizza, especially the crust.  I love their Italian sausage and pepperoni pizza, and they are generous with their toppings.  I usually order extra sauce because it can be a bit dry for me.  I've had an instance in the past where we received a totally different pizza than we ordered.  After calling them up, they extended us a refund for $15 on the next pizza order- without having to return the pizza.  Good service and delivery can be quick!Reason for 4 stars?  Their pizza isn't always very consistent (I swear the crust changes every time) and their prices are quite high.  Hey, it can't be that bad...I keep coming back for more!It appears that Pequod's is an acquired taste.  Either that or they made the worst pizza in their history the night we ordered a pizza to be delivered to our apartment.  I love pizza.  I mean I really, really love pizza.  Giordano's, Malnati's, GIno's, Ranalli's, Edwardo's - I love them all.  They are all different, but the differences make it fun to order pizza from different places.  We were very excited to try Pequod's because - clearly - most people really like their pizza.  I hate to be so negative, but I was absolutely shocked at how bad this pizza was.  One of the other reviewers rates this a notch above Pizza Hut - and I think that's about right.  Let's start with the crust.  It is unique, but it also completely overwhelms the pizza.  The pizza really is about 80% bread.  That would never be a good thing, but it definitely isn't a good thing at Pequod's.  Also, the pizza didn't have nearly enough cheese and the sauce was bland to the point of being nearly tasteless.  I had to dump a ton of red peppers on each slice of pizza to give the pizza any taste at all.  What made all of this worse is that we always order a large pizza so that we can enjoy the leftovers for a couple of days.  I find that most pizza is as good - if not better - the second day.  Not Pequod's.  This pizza dries out very rapidly (since it is mostly bread), and the lack of taste on the first day is amplified by the (now) lousy texture that you encounter on days two and three.  I have never thrown out leftover pizza; if my wife hadn't eaten the last two slices, then this would have been my first time.  It would help a bit if this pizza weren't so expensive, but a large with sausage, green peppers, and onion was about $28.  A similar pie from Ranalli's or Edwardo's is about five dollars cheaper (in part because it is very easy to get coupons for either of these restaurants).  We did order delivery - so maybe it would be better at the restaurant - but I am not going to go there to find out.  I only have four months left in Chicago, and I can't afford to waste another evening of pizza on Pequod's.  For what it is worth the delivery was VERY prompt - absolutely fantastic service.I never really liked deep dish pizza because the crust is waaaaayyy too thick and not much filling. Zachary's in the bay area made me like deep dish pizza, I figured I just had really bad ones (BJ's and the like). I was in Chicago not too long ago and we had to come here because it's voted one of the best deep dishes in town. And I concur, it was AMMMMAAAZIIINNNGGGG. I don't even know how to describe that taste, it definitely hit the umami level. You just have to try it for yourself, it's really hard to explain. They use very fresh ingredients and are not cheap with it. The sausage pieces are GINORM!!! The bread is actually thin and crispy, it's alllll filling!!! yey!If i could add another star, I would, for the whale that wears a thong over its head.I knew that I would love this place just for the fact that their sign is a whale with a thong on its head.  What's not to love about that? But the pizza was yummy and it's close to the movie theater so it's a great place to eat before/after the movies.  Really want to come here for their lunch special which I heard rocks but difficult for me since I work in the loop.  They're also open late which is ideal for those late night pizza cravings.I was very excited to try this place out. I have heard from many people that this was some of the best pizza in the city. I know people who are extremely loyal to this place and worship the pies that are removed from their ovens. The pizza was good but I am not sure what all the hype is about. I liked the fact that they used massive chunks of toppings. You could tell that that  they were fresh and it was a very hearty pizza. Other than that, the pizza was nothing all that wonderful. It was almost rather bland and the sauce did not have all that much flavor. Will we be back here? Possibly if we are in the area or if we have a coupon. This place did nothing to overwhelm me. It was decent but I do not think that it lived up to the hype surrounding it.Good pizza. Not great, but good enough to return if I'm in the area. The server was fantastic, and did a great job with out ordering chaos - we hadn't really decided what we wanted when we started to order. This is a real pizza joint, and that's what I like about it. Beer signs and wooden booths. No frills, baby - beer and PIZZA!My love affair with Pequod's began on a snowing Tuesday in January at the corner booth upstairs.  After getting several recommendations, it was time to give it a try.  The restaurant was maybe half full.  As soon as our party arrived the waitress came over, took our order and we were on our way.  The service was great and everything came in an appropriate amount of time.Obviously everyone comes here for the pizza.  We ordered two deep dish, one with pepperoni and mushroom and another with onion and green pepper.  The caramelized crust is really was gives the pizza it's edge.  Both pizzas were excellent but I felt that the one with meat on it had a leg up, it was just more savory.  I will be going back to add sausage to that onion and green pepper pizza though.Moderate selection of beers.  I did see on the menu that they offer a lunch special of a 7" pizza and a drink (pop or miller lite) for $5.  That's a steal - who wants to go grab lunch?Delish Pizza! Delish Sauce! Excellent crust! Quick friendly service. Excellent prices...800ish calories a slice (this is MY estimate) but sooooooo worth it.Decided to finally give them a try after many friends told us how great they were. We ended up ordering for carry out instead of eating in which in why for right now we are only giving them 4 stars. We ordered cheesy garlic bread which was nothing special but still very tasty. We also ordered the Italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers and it was very good. Also decided to get a small thin crust pizza, I know many people rave about the deep dish but my husband and I feel it is to heavy so we try to limit the amount of deep dish pizza we ingest. The thin crust reminded us more of a pan style pizza rather than normal cracker thin crust pizza. That being said it was still very delicious and they didn't skimp on the toppings! Definitely would order from them again and will have to eat there in order to find out how their service compares.Peaquod's isn't really like the other deep dish/stuffed pizza places in the city. When I think Art of Pizza, Giorodanos, Lou's, I think of that really tall pizza with mounds of cheese and soft crusts. The pizza here isn't better or worse, it's just different.As the menu says, it's a deep dish pan pizza. The carmalized crust, as others have noted, is really great and the crunchiness carries over through the whole pizza. I ordered a personal pan pizza with mushrooms and pineapples and it was really great. It was a lot more reasonable of a portion than 7" pizzas from the other pizza joints would have been.That said, it just doesn't compare - literally. It's not at all like the other deep dish places. Give it a try.The green pepper & onion deep dish from Peaquod's is my favorite deep dish pizza ever.  And I hate veggie pizzas.  Anywhere else I'd be eating plain cheese, or loading it up with meets.  But for some reason, the carmelized crust compliments green peppers and onions perfectly.Also, their logo is a whale with a panty on its head.OK I get it now. I am a convert.  I have seen the light.  Thus, I must go back and refine my relatively negative review to a "hell yes".Their thin crust is pretty weak, and I stand by that. But I finally had the pan.  O lord the pan...WHOLE different ballgame.  Lots of nice tangy sauce, good crust, but the real kicker is that carmelized crust.  WHOO!  Granted I had the pan in the Morton Grove location, but I assume it is the same here.  It completely kicked me where I wanted to be kicked.  Plus they have Fat Tire on tap, which always brightens my day just a little.  See Pequod?  It took me awhile but I came around to your charms.I've had nothing but great experiences with Pequod's Pizza... We usually get delivery, and it's always still delicious and hot when it arrives. The ingredients always seem fresh (green peppers! Not squishy!) and are definitely plentiful...We ordered a pepperoni pan pizza and jalapeno poppers last night, glorious! The above as well as the carmelized crust makes it my go-to pan/deep-dish pizza in Chicago.Wow, I can't believe I'm updating this again, and dropping more stars.  A couple of nights ago we ordered a deep dish pizza for delivery.  Things were bad from the start.  The person who took our order didn't repeat it back to my husband.  We ended up with a medium pizza, instead of the large we ordered.  However, in their favor, they charged us the price of a medium.  Things were even worse once we opened up the box.The pizza arrived within the 1 hour we were quoted.  However, the pizza was stone cold, and it also looked like it had been dropped.  The crust had fallen off many of the pieces, and some of the toppings had completely slid off the pizza.  It was so cold, we had to cook it in the oven for about 12 minutes to get it to a good temperature.  It was very bland, and basically we felt like the kitchen staff half-assed it.When I called to complain, the manager decided to only charge us half price, and put a credit back on our card.I hate to say it, but the inconsistency of Pequod's will definitely make me hesitate before I order from them again.  We've now had several mediocre deep  pizzas with a only few great ones sprinkled amongst the pizzas we've had delivered from Pequod's over the past year or so.  Something has definitely changed, and not for the better.That whale sure does makes good pizza. This is the best pizza I have EVER eaten... and I have had a lot of pizza. The carmelized cheese rocks, the best part of the whole pizza. I have never experienced a more unique pizza than with the straight-up pepperoni pan pizza.I would give them 10-million stars, but that ain't possible so I guess Five Stars will do. The best part of the whole deal is that they have a bar in there... and yes! You guessed it! They serve some crazy bourbon drinks! So come one come all!Yeah, definitely forget Pizzeria Uno, Due, Giordano's, Lou Malnotti's and those other places... go here!!! Now!!!!!So for my 4th trip to Pequod's I owed it to them to give this place its long over due piece of my writing action and Yelp this wonderful pizza joint.On Saturday before my fellow Wisconsinite (yes it's really a word) friend was due to depart to la France, we decided to treat her belly to the most delightful pan-style pizza that Chicago has to offer.I swear if I worked here, I'd gain 50 pounds in a month and have more dimples on my butt than an orange has on its peel.  Pequod's always delivers!  Pizza arrives thick, with perfectly browned cheese-crusted edges, perfectly melted cheese, and a flavor that leaves one believing they'd be willing to eat an entire Pequod's pizza alone.  Even I, who doesn't normally eat pizza, can't ever resist.  I just wish I had my own cutting utensil so I didn't have to accept the generous pre-determined size slices.Let's just all hope I don't have to go looking for a day job anytime soon.Best...pizza...ever.I could not possibly say enough good things about Pequod's pizza. I'm don't care that it takes a long time to get your pizza, that its pricy, and that the old decor was much better. The pizza is insanely good. Get it pan, get pepperoni and onions on it. Eat your self sick.The most delicious, caramelized crust deep dish has ever boasted!  I am not a deep-dish kind of pizza gal, but Pequod's executes it perfectly.  It is the perfect answer for a chilly, Chicago evening.  Try their pepperoni & basil pie (mushrooms are a good addition too).  The fresh basil really compliments their nearly-perfect sauce.  Pequod's really has no competition in Lincoln Park for the perfect pie.  It is in a class of its own.Hint: if you're ordering in, ask for them to NOT cut the pie prior to delivery/pick-up.  It keeps all the coveted juices inside.Ive been coming to Pequod's since my college years and always recommend them to visitors or friends who are looking for an authentic local pizza experience. Their lunch special is great - a personal pan with 1 topping and a beer for under $5. That is how you keep customers happy and coming back.I have always been pleased with the friendly service. Definitely go here!Greatest lunch special ever!  Personal pizza and a beer/pop for $5!  The pizza was delicious and the beer was nice and chilled.  The service was very friendly and quick; you could definitely be in and out on your 30 minute lunch break.  One of the best deals in town!I'd never had real Chicago-style pizza before, so I was determined when I finally stepped foot for the first time in the Windy City. Some laborious Yelp research indicated to me that Pequod's has the best in town, so it was off to Pequod's we went.I almost wish I didn't experience this, because now I'm a full-fledged addict and, of course, can't find anything that matches it at home in San Francisco. Their menu said something about never cleaning the grease off their cast iron skillets, so the crust crisps perfectly and caramelizes the cheese in this way that just makes you want to cry. I don't know how it works... black skillet magic?We stuffed our pizza with hella meat toppings like real Chicagoans (who don't say hella) and I think I passed out in a food coma at like 9pm that night. Party animal!I'm not one who would typically opt for deep dish pizza, but at Pequod's, it is an absolute MUST. We got there pretty early on a Saturday night, around 5:45, so we had no trouble getting seated, and it was just 2 of us, so they sat us in a little booth against the wall.Took our drink order and they had one of my favorite IPAs (half acre daisy cutter), so I was happy as a clam. Not to mention I was absolutely famished, so I could not wait for our pizza to arrive.And arrive it did...eventually. Like 1.5 hours later. Basically, the story goes that they accidentally served our pizza to another table. They actually cut it up and serve the pizza on plates, so I guess the other table did not realize it was the wrong pizza until it was served up, at which point they could not give it to us. So, they said they would give us 50% off of our pizza...gee, thanks? 50% off of a $10 pizza? Wow, so glad we saved $5. Well, at least that's what was going through my head. BUT, thank god they redeemed themselves and gave us 50% off the small price pizza but actually gave us a large. Which was, in my opinion, a much better deal and much more worthy of the inconvenience we had to sit through. Because....We were on our way to see Hunger Games and I absolutely hate being late to movies. They made it work though and it was all good. They even stored our left overs for us so we could go to the movies and then pick it up on our way home.I subtracted a star because of the wait, but they made up for it, and I would not hesitate to come back here. Totally a splurge since I think 1 slice has got to be like 1,000 calories, but worth it every once in a blue moon :)I believe this is the best deep dish I've had in Chicago.  It's a tad on the pricey side, but damn this was good.We got a large pizza, half pineapple half pepperoni.  Delivery took about 45-60 min, about average.  Total was like $23 or something.  The pizza was hella good!  Wow, the slightly burnt crust and fired cheese?  Indeed.I had always heard good things about Pequod's. So when we got a gloopy gloppy and tasteless pizza on Saturday night I was disappointed. I saw someone else with the deep dish which looked good. So I suppose the trick here is to avoid the thin crust.Why they'd have such good deep dish and such amazingly bland thin crust is beyond me. The remains of this microwave equivalent product are now resting in my refrigerator, and rest there they will until the time comes for them to rest in the dumpster.Two stars because the room was nice and cheery and the service was good.After 1,000+ reviews, I fear my review will fail to add any real value.  However, I am compelled, yes COMPELLED, to offer my two cents.Three friends and I recently decided to grab dinner on a Friday, and one recommended this place.  I was the one that called them up to make a reservation.  Unfortunately, the server had no record of our reservation when we got there (damn you Smart phone, you provided me the wrong phone number).  No problem, there was a nice corner for us to hang out and enjoy a few drinks of The Green Line.  Props for supporting a local brewery.Now, the pizza... I simply cannot describe, in words, how much I enjoyed it.  My expectations were rather low since I am not a fan of traditional deep-dish pizza.  One bite in and my expectations were surpassed.  Three slices later and I became the latest Pequod super-fan.  I now find that it is my duty to introduce everyone I know to Pequod's Pizzeria.How can I not give this 5-stars?  After reading a random article in Maxim some years back ranking pizza joints in Chicago (Pequod's was top), decided to make the pilgrimage with a group of guys from college.  We were not disappointed and haven't been since.  This has become the favorite spot for all out-of-town guests.  I've been coming here for 4 or 5 years now and it seems to always get better.  The sausage pan pizza can become quite addicting as I suffered serious withdraws when they closed for several months in 2006.  (A small fire, prompted them to remodel the downstairs dining room)  Even though I loved the old dive-like interior with the giant mural of Comesky Park, the new digs have grown on me.Oh yeah, the food... The pan pizza with caramelized cheese crust is a tasty twist on the Chicago style.  A hearty layer of dough is topped with mounds of mozzarella and finished with a layer of their one-of-a-kind sauce.  Order one of these bad boys with their spicy Italian sausage and you my friend will be in heaven.  Note: They do deliver to a majority of the north side, but it doesn't compare to fresh out of the oven.Have you seen that Food Network show with Paula Deen's sons?? They travel around the country and visit places that have delicious food. Yeah, I know, sounds like many of the shows on that network. But their catch is that they visit places where you, the home viewer, can order from and they'll ship and send the food right to your door. Well, if I ever move away from the city and am craving deep dish, then I can only hope and pray that Pequod's is in the business of domestic shipping. Pequod's is hands down my all time favorite deep dish pizza. As you'll read, everyone gushes over their toppings, but I have to say that the crust is what keeps me coming back. I wouldn't even do it justice to try and explain their crust so just try it yourself! Those Deen brothers visited Lou Malnati's when they were in Chicago, but I call on them to return and experience Pequod's!Having recently moved to Chicago, I was feeling the need to take a break from the chaos of combining two households into one. Not wanting to cook or go out, we decided to order some comfort food. For me, this was nothing fancy - just a plain cheese pizza, well-done.When I opened the box, I saw a round pizza cut into squares, covered in a thick, impenetrable layer of grease. While I can't take points off for the cutting nonsense (save it for the Sicilian pies), I definitely can justify the low rating by saying it was the single most unappetizing pizza I have ever seen. Honestly, did someone pour french fry grease ONTO the pizza? It was nauseating. Because we had no food, after pulling off the cheese and using about a half a roll of paper towels to soak up the remaining grease, I did eat a couple of the squares. It was mediocre.Perhaps it's something I need to get used to, but I like round pizza to come in slices, not squares. I like my pizza to be edible, not soggy and wet. I like my pizza to have a delicious crust, not blackened.Maybe they were having an off night, maybe it was somebody new...but how can a pizza joint not know how to make a plain cheese? As a teenager I worked in a pizza place and during our down time we used to concoct some pretty wild creations, but this slimy pie beats our worst idea by a mile. Come on.I'd heard such great things about this place so the anticipation was high.  It was probably a bad choice going on a Friday night around 6PM because  it was SO crowded! I mean people bumping into our table crowded and children everywhere... aside from that the service was fast and the pizza was yummy.  I prefer thin crust to thick/pan style, and they had both to choose from.  The thin crust was a little more thick than I typically enjoy but the sauce and toppings made up for it. Definitely worth a try!Since moving to Chicago, I've been kind of a pizza slut.  I've hooked up with Giordano, Gino, Lou Malnati, Eduardo, Pizano, Sarpino, and  regrettably Papa John. I wanted it all kinds of ways - deep dish, thin crust, it didn't matter. But then I met Pequod's. The kind of pizza place that makes an honest woman out of you. The love affair began with caramelized cheese crust and the passion is kept alive by, well, caramelized cheese crust. Because of the bond I feel with Pequod's, I felt confident enough that the pizza would wow my out of town friends and give my Chicago-based friends an alternative to deep dish. Pequod's did not disappoint. I was able to make a reservation for 15 people on a Saturday night 4 days prior to the date (just an FYI, they will charge your credit card $25 if you don't show up for your reservation), which impressed and relieved me. It was extremely hot in the restaurant - I'm guessing that 90 degree temps outside and constantly running pizza ovens aren't helping the case, but I would've appreciated a little extra AC so my white shorts didn't become translucent with sweat. Would I let a little perspiration taint this review? Not hardly. Thankfully our waitress kept the pitchers of beer coming and saved us all from dehydration. The pizza was delicious, as I knew that it would be. Everyone at our table earned clean plate awards, even if some (myself included) needed some extra prodding to eat another piece. I enjoy the fact that the pizza isn't as heavy and cheesy as other deep dishes tend to be. That doesn't mean that we didn't need to be rolled out of there, because we did, it just means that I didn't have a cement brick of cheese in my stomach post-meal. In addition to being tasty, Pequod's is cheap! Relatively speaking anyway. If you're not drooling after reading all of the Yelp reviews about the deliciousness, then maybe pizza just doesn't do it for you. And if that's the case, then I feel sorry for you because you're truly missing out.Wow, I've always heard people say good things about Chicago deep dish pizza, and finally I've experienced it for myself! So just what did I think? Well.... (**channeling Antoine Dodson**), what they say is definitely the truth--Chicago deep dish pizza does indeed rule!  So why did I choose to try Pequod's instead of one of the cliché Chicago pizza joints like Pizzeria Du, Pizzeria Uno, Lou Nalnati's, or Gioradano's on my first visit to the windy city? Well, my boyfriend lived in Chicago for a year and swore up and down that Pequod's was the best. So, being the good partner I am, I took his word for it.  And, he was right-- Pequod's did not fail me... it was awesome! Their deep dish pizza was everything I hoped Chicago pizza would taste like!  Thick, soft-on-the-inside and crunchy-on-the-outside pizza crust.... abundant creamy & bubbly mozzarella cheese... tangy, delicious pizza sauce... and fresh toppings!  Heavenly indeed!As for the atmosphere at Pequod's, it was nice, too! The restaurant is housed in an older building that's been cleverly updated to have a modern industrial look and feel. So, you know immediately that the place is casual, but it's still warm and inviting.On our recent trip to Chicago, my husband and I took quite the journey to find ourselves some classic, Chicago-style pizza and I am proud to announce that Pequod's did not disappoint. Is it the best deep dish that Chicago has to offer? I have no idea. But I DO know that after Lou Malnati's was surprisingly closed due to renovations (their loss), Pequod's easily picked up where Lou's left off. Thank you very much.We started with an order of garlic bread. Nothing special, but after our long search it tasted quite good. For our pizza, we stuck with a classic cheese deep dish and it was definitely worth the search. It was everything I'd hoped a Chicago-style pizza would be. Deliciously cheesy with a tangy sauce and crispy crust in all the right places. So so good. After our long walk through random neighborhoods with only an iphone to guide us, I was also surprisingly pleased with the ambiance of the place. Super casual and a bit dark inside. Exactly how a Chicago pizzeria should be. The booths were a little dirty and beat up, but in a good, gritty, Chicago-ish way. Perfect for delving into a pan full of cheese. I really would love to come back again soon...if only we weren't so damn far away.Pizza was delicious.  Not salty or buttery or greasy. I'd say probably in my top 3 favorite pizza places. Restaurant is nice n cozy. Staff is quick and friendly.  Will come back.Pequod's is consistently fantastic pizza--the best deep dish in Chicago.Yes, that caramelized crust is to die for--an almost-sweet and crunchy touch to the savory goodness that lies within its borders. Even better than the crust is the quality of the toppings--hearty and big and just loaded with freshness. I no longer can order pizza with sausage, green pepper and onion at other joints because they cannot compare with Pequod's. The toppings are clearly not from some can or sitting in some fridge for days on end--they are as fresh as if they were just picked.It does get busy, so expect a bit of a wait. Expect to see some hockey on the big screen TVs if there's any being played--the boss here loves it.In the name of everything that is holy ... I only had to *see* the name Pequod's & my mouth started watering.Their lunch special isn't to be beat.  An individual sized pizza with a drink ... oh man.  I'm a fan of the pineapple, but that's just me.Don't let the crust fool ya --- it's not burnt, it's carmelized.  & it's delicious.Hands down the best pizza in Chicago.  The carmelized crust is fantastic and the toppings are tasty and plentiful.   Newly remodled after a fire last year, the place looks great, but it can still be a wait for a table.Deep dish pizza and a Blackhawks bar?!?! What's not to love with this place.  This place is known for caramelized burnt cheese.  The pizza tasted great...crispy crust with a slight buttery taste...reminded me of my husband's homemade deep dish pizza.    The only thing is that there is not enough cheese.  Otherwise, the atmosphere is cool and the service was good.  Can't complain...wish I could be out here to watch a Hawks game.I never know if I should say "Pa-quod's" or "Pee-quod's" so if you know, send a message my way!  Thank you kindly.  I have this bad habit of slurring the words quickly so people don't know how I actually pronounce it.I had high expectations for this place heading in.  Having visited Burt's Place in Morton Grove, I was expecting something similar considering the story between the two.  I did get something similar but in appearance only.  The burnt crust was still there which was amazing but the rest of the pizza was missing something.  For deep dish pizza, Pequod's definitely satisfied my craving but it doesn't even compare to what Lou Malnati's serves up.  It's worth a visit if you've had it on your list.This is my favorite pizza spot!!!!  When I want to sit down and eat pizza - this is the only place I can think of.  It is REAL chicago deep dish!!  On me and my boyfriend's two year anniversary, we decided to do something simple yet satisfying - order a deep dish pizza with everything we've ever wanted on it (which equals like a +$25 pizza because of the toppings so yeah it's a special occasion-type-dinner).  So we got extra sauce, extra cheese, garlic, basil, tomatoes, and i think we also had sausage (not sure).  It was still delicious but we won't get extra sauce and cheese ever again - very messy on deep dish.  We'll stick with our usual garlic, basil and tomato deep dish though.  If only they had ricotta cheese as an additional topping option it would be - perfecto! Th wait staff is very nice and I have no complaints about the atmosphere.This is a place for people who want REAL pizza.  No joke.Pequod's has so much hype... I held it atop a pedestal which may be the reason it kind of fell flat to me. I really enjoy a good deep dish Za' and had to try Pequod's for myself to compare to my other go to spots. For future diners trying to make up your mind on where to order take out tonight... Here are some useful tips: Pequod's pizza is VERY doughy. I liked this but my friends did not. Lots of bread every bight and not very much cheese and little sauce. Big sausage chunks that lacked flavor compared to the sausage LAYER on Lou Malnati's pizza. Giordano's is much cheesier and saucy. So delicious. Definitely far superior to Pequod's. Gino's East is all about the crust and depends on the eater. I am a fan but I know many are not. Lou Malnati's is just crack. So addictive and delicous. To be honest, it's been so long since I've had it and writing this review has prompted me to order Lou's asap.In addition, I didn't get the "carmelized crust" that everyone was talking about. My crust was charred and black. If by carmelized, they mean burnt, then yes, I got this. It was not appetizing and I cut it off and threw it into the garbage. In the end, Peqoud's fell short when compared to Lou Malnati's, Giordano's, and on par with Gino's East.A friend of mine recommended this place, and eventually a group of us went to give it a try. HOLY MOLY! This is the most delicious pizza I've had in Chicago, or anywhere else for that matter. Seriously: Best. Pizza. Ever. Not a thing I would change.The service was prompt and friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable if not particularly engaging. It's comfortable enough that we hung out well past the end of the meal.Definitely my favorite pizza place. Can't wait to go back.I am not a huge fan of pizza by nature. I got tired of eating a lot of it when my dad and I used to order in all the time (since it was at a point in my life where I wasn't quite a cook and, well, neither was he if it wasn't on a grill). But this! This I will keep coming back for. It's the only place I reccomend when people want a good deep dish pizza when they're in the city.The caramelized cheese on the edges is something you either love or hate, it seems, but for me it's on the "to die for" side of pizza-lovin'. They're extremely generous with their toppings (their sausage is massive, the pepperoni and black olive are plentiful, don't skimp on the fresh garlic) and their staff is as courteous as the rather large crowds can allow.They seem to be recovering rather well from the (extremely unfortunate) fire they suffered a while back. The new downstairs is more modern and silghtly less cramped; the new bar is pretty nice too. I haven't had a chance to check out the upstairs since the fire - I wonder if creepy Gandalf is still painted, watching you pee (eerie).It can get noisy and crowded, but such is life at a good pizza place / bar. Delivery can take a little while, but that's probably because I always order deep dish, which invariably takes longer to cook. Easily worth my wait, though. Besides, I can have cider with my pizza here. Yum. If I were a songwriter, I would write an ode about Pequod's.Hello,This is easily the worst deep dish in Chicago.  Sure the crust is carmelized, but the crust has no taste and its cheap.  About as generic as their website.  Save your money and make your own pizza bc it truly tastes like someone did not know what they were doing here.  Its truly that bad.  These other reviews are crazy.  If this is what Chicago critics think then I best move back to the suburbs.  If this place can stay in business, everyone should open up a pizza parlor.  Sorry Piqouds, your pizza is the pits!Chicago Pizza Critic,AndrewDelicious - Be prepared to be here for a while.  There was a long wait to get in, and then it took about 45 minutes to get our pizza.  BUT it was worth the wait!  Delicious pizza.  I'd definitely go again.I've loved this place since they opened over 15 years ago and miss the days when you could walk in any day of the week and get a table.  I don't subscribe to the theory that Chicago has a "best" pizza because there are simply too many good pizzas out there - not to mention too many types of pizzas.  But I will tell you one thing for sure, of all the pizza I've had (and my cholesterol levels will attest to the fact that I have had a lot), Pequod's is my hands down favorite.  Is it the caramelized cheese? is it the spice blend they put on the top? is it the fresh ingredients? great service? I don't know, but for many many years now I, my extended family and friends have been coming here to celebrate many birthdays, showers, graduations, etc., and will continue to do so until we are able to.  LOVE this place!This pizza is fabulous.  I love the thin crust and staff.  They are super friendly and are always helpful and observant.  I'm not quite ecstatic for the deep dish pizza but you have to try the thin for sure. I like that they have a room upstairs when it gets packed on the weekends.  These is extra points on my end.I actually liked Pequod's better before the renovations. Don't get me wrong, it's a nice place still, actually nicer than it was before which is my problem.Before it felt like the kind of pizza pub you would go to after a softball game. Shabby old carpet and chairs, punky looking waitstaff, and your cheap beer. A dive.Now it's all nice wood floors, nice bar, flatscreen TVs. Nice bathrooms (I guess that's ok.)At least the pizza hasn't changed. I would say this is my second favorite deep dish after My Pie. It's all in the burnt/caramelized crust. I don't know why it's so good. It just is.I was at a friend's house and another friend drove out of her way to Pequod's to get a pan pizza and was soooo excited that she had gotten the pie. Having tried their thin crust before, I was a bit skeptical about her excitement. She opened up the pizza box and there was a pie filled with sauces, mushrooms, veggies, and looking mighty delicious.Upon closer inspection after my first bite, I noticed that this piece of pie was not stuffed to the brim with cheese! In fact, it was made with plenty of dough, giving it a unique twist to the Chicago Deep Dish. I was very pleased particularly with the crust that was caramelized that had extra bite and super taste. I wish they delivered to my house!Top drawer/ Best pan pizza around. I went to the location in Niles when I was a lad, and now I go to this one. They are consistently good. Fast service, had to make the 630 movie, walked in at 540, food came out quick. DO get: Pan pizza with garlic, basil and extra cheese. Do not get: liquor. I got 4 shots, 2 beers and a small pan and the total was $65 without tip. DAAAMN! I was feeling splurgy since it was my mistresses bday. Gotta spoil em. REAAAALLY good pizza dough, (DID YOU CATCH WHAT I DID THERE?) my favorite in the city. The crust is amazing. I want another right now.No pool tables. But full bar, with Makers neat = 2.5 fingers.So I saw this place on the food network on "the best Dayum takeout" I just had to try it! OMG As soon as you walk in you are greeted by a vivacious host. I'm new to the area so I was stoked to try the deep dish pizza. The pizza was very delicious and all that I had imagined it would be. The carmelized crust was the icing on the pizza. I will definately be back for more of that deep dish pizza!!The spinach and garlic pizza is a revelation. Ha, ok, seriously, I've wanted to type something douchey like  that for a bit. I don't know what revelatory food actually tastes like, but the spinach/garlic does fucking rule.The pizza at Pequod's is so good you'll need a cigarette.The pizza at Pequod's is so good you will call it back.The pizza at Pequod's is so good you'd pay full price to see it again.The pizza at Pequod's is so good it should be signed to a multi-year extension.There's no place like home, except for the spinach and garlic pizza.In a game of paper, scissors, rock neither paper nor scissors nor rock wins, the pizza at Pequod's wins.Simply put, the best deep dish pizza I have ever tasted.The toppings, the cheese, and the sauce are all incredibly good. What really sets Pequods apart from the smorgasbord of Chicago deep dish is the crust. Chewy on the inside and crispy on the outside. Perfection.It is worth noting that they have the best lunch special I have ever seen in Chicago. $4.95 (!!!) for a single serving pizza - which is more than enough for lunch - and a beer or soda. It takes around a half hour for the pizza to cook, so keep that in mind. If you want the best deep dish pizza in Chicago, GO TO PEQUODS.Two people can't finish a small, unless you're gargantuan or unreasonable. Delicious pizza. Make a point to go every time I'm in Chicago.Don't work here if you're prone to dropping a tall stack of plates. The cute little waitress dropped a stack, and the douche of a manager wouldn't let her live it down. I'd like to slide a plate up his ass and then yell at him when he pooped it out. Other than plate dropping, this place is ok. I didn't have the pizza. I had a meatball sub which was fine. I likely wouldn't order it again. My afternoon lunch was made by the fact that my awesome boyfriend had his hand on my leg while we are eating. I'm easy. What more can I say?When it comes to *pan* pizza--a largely overlooked style of pie here in deep dish heaven--Pequod's is God.Pan style, of course, is marked by its crust-centric presentation, and nobody does carbo-riffic, pan style pizza better than Pequod's.  It's bread-tastic: light, crispy, and the caramelized crust is perfection.  The sauce is just right: slightly sweet and not layered on too heavily.  And their sausage is the Best. Ever.  (And this is from an avowed pepperoni-only devotee.) And if you end up with leftovers?  They hold up better in the fridge than any pizza in the city.I had to give 3 stars because the waitstaff/employees were just too friendly/accommodating and the place was really clean/welcoming.  Otherwise, the pizza is nothing special (I'd give 2 and a half if it was possible).  I shared a thin-crust with a friend of mine.  My side was mushrooms, black olives and spinach.  Even with all those toppings, the pizza was so bland that all the oregano, parmesan and crushed red peppers in the world couldn't save this pie.  The sauce looked like it was from a can and there was an overload of bland crust.  If you're local to this area and want a drink, some cheesey garlic bread (which was actually good) and to watch the game, go on.  But, if you're Loop/Little Italy or further south and in the mood for some thin-crust, go to Pizano's or Aurelio's.Please don't forsake me Lou's.  I really, really like Pequod's pizza.  Yes, the caramelized crust is just plain tasty, although I want the crust to be just a bit more crispy.  Shut it you pizza-whores, I KNOW it's deep dish....but, there's no reason the crust shouldn't be a bit crispier.  The sausage was quite tasty -- do they make their own or buy it?  Hard to tell, and didn't care as I was tearing into it like a rabid dog.Fresh fresh fresh ingredients -- thank you for using fresh mushrooms and not canned.The thin crust is more like a hand tossed crust -- thinn-ish, but more bready.  Same issue - thin crust NEEDS crispiness.  Unequivocally.  Do away with the twisted edge artistic malarkey; just give it a standard edge that gets crisp on baking.  Great sauce, really, just lovely.  A bit of sweet, a bit of acid, LOTS of tomato flavor. Was there on a Saturday early evening, and they were able to accommodate our rather large party.  But, please make sure the tables don't tip over - we had the bobble-head of tables, and had to keep the beer pitchers in the center for fear of bathing in it.  One star.I really enjoyed that the owner came around and asked us (twice) how everything was....what a nice fellow, friendly, and genuinely interested in what we thought.  I'm glad Pequod's re-opened after the fire.I have some good news and some bad news. First, the bad news:I get cranky when things are disorganized and when I am hungry. These two disasters converged last night before I ended up at Pequod's. A group of 8 of us were supposed to meet at Piece, but due to that giggling whore Alpina from Check Please airing it recently, we couldn't get within 15 feet of the door (I am not stupid; I know we should have had reservations, but they don't allow them for parties under 10, you judgmental cunt). So, to cut to the chase, our friend suggested Pequod's. He said he called and that we could get in, so I tried to calm down (i.e., pounded two beers) after I angered my fiancee by stating that her friends are idiots and that the reservations should have been left in my able hands. We get into to Pequod's and it is fucking PACKED. We can't stand up front, and I got yelled at by some sluttish whore for bumping her at the bar. Seriously, there was no where to go, and we had to wait for 40 minutes. I think this was our friend's fault, but I don't know. Why is it so crowded? Do they over-book or is it just that popular?Now we come to the reason for the 4-stars: the best pizza I think I have ever had. We got a thin crust with hamburger, and two deep dish, one with a lot of veggies and one with pepperoni, mushroom, and onion. FANTASTIC. I nearly shit in my drawers. We really only needed two pizzas. Wonderful crust. The floor manager with the long, gray ponytail is great and friendly, which I admire: I would rather lop off my left nut than work at this sweatshop. SUMMARY: Go on a Tuesday afternoon or something; the quality leads to mind-numbing crowds on weekends. Seriously, I thought I was in a concentration camp.Pequod's is the best pizza in Chicago, period. There's really nothing else that needs to be said. The caramelized crust is wonderful. Great ingredients. Friendly service.If I have a friend making a short trip to Chicago, I'd probably tell them "Lou's" is the one to try based on pure convenience/name. But when TRUE Chicagoans ask my opinion on my favorite pizza, it's PEQUODS without a doubt.And btw, to all of the "The suburban location doesn't lose anything" people....the suburban location is the original.Wow, expected a lot!!!  Actually just expected people to get my order right.  Sent me the wrong pizza after waiting an hour and a half for delivery.The wings tasted terrible and had weird texture.  Skip them!The garlic bread was over buttered and over seasoned, couldn't even finish them!Honestly, the pizza was good, but how do they get the order completely wrong? Luckily I wasn't allergic to green olives because they added those.** Asked for meat on one half.... they put it on the entire pizza.  My girlfriend is vegetarian.  She couldn't eat,  ruined her night.  Real upset I spent $35 on what I did not want.As an appetizer we ordered the fried zucchini.  It came with ranch sauce and the combination was delicious!!We also ordered the pan pizza with sausage, mushroom and onion.  The pieces of sausages on our pizza were huge!  While many yelpers raved of the caramelized crust, I was not a fan of it.  The crust looked more black and burnt than caramelized to me. No thanks.  The bottom of the crust was more bread like (fluffy) and not crispy than what I've had from other pizzerias.However, service was top notch. Everyone was very friendly. We were checked up upon multiple times by multiple people.  Since this pizzeria is a little out of the way for me, I don't think I will be visiting again for a while.Going to cut to the cheese ( haha, i made a funny) ..because honestly, im going against the grain by negating such good reviews. I really really get excited to go to pizza joints because pizza is my LIFE. YES, ill even eat subway's pizza, its that pathetic. That being said, dont hate me for my average review.Appeteizer: We got the pizza bread. Do you know what ELIOs pizza is? If you don't, its the one that comes in a box and is almost always on sale at every grocery store. The pizza bread here was along those lines. I think i prefer elios, that way i know how much i want to melt my cheese, or how crispy i want it. Or if im feeling fancy, i may put it in the oven. The pizza bread here  didnt taste good at all. The cheese was not melted right and the bread tasted old. 1 Star.Pizza: It was AVERAGE. The dough was nice and hot, it was okay, and i enjoyed the fact that the pizza had multiple layers of cheese and dough. The sauce tasted like it came right out of the can and the dough was kinda bland. But the very end of the pizza, the crust.... CARAMELIZED CRUST-the saving grace of this pizza. The carameilized crust was PHENOMENAL and if they made the entire pizza dough with that taste, i would be in heaven. They need to sell the crust and make it an appitizer on its own, with some melted cheese , semi burning. YUM. So, i wont be returning for the pizza.Service: crappy. The waitress never came around to fill our waters. There was one obnoxious server who kept laughing like a hyena and it was really annoying. All the servers were just chillin by the bar serving their own. IDK, didnt like it. She finally came around to fill our water when the pizza came.Overall: OVERHYPED PLACE. You are paying money just for the crust ( which is amazing and why this place even got 3 stars) . Do not buy a t shirt, its not worth it. Go to PIECE on Chicago Ave instead.Holy deliciousness batman! This pizza is mighty tasty and mighty filling.I have eaten it in or to go and all times it has been amazing. It is the best pizza around, especially the pepperoni. Plus their logo is a freakin' sweet whale with a thong on its head.My friends and I visited Chicago from Austin last weekend.  We chose Pequod's Pizzeria based on a local's enthusiastic recommendation.  True to his assesment, the food was absolutely amazing, though one of my friends is a vegan and ordered a salad; her salad came toppped with pepparoni...something the menu didn't mention.The short, skinny waitress that waited on us didn't seem interested in sticking around to help our table, even though the place was not too busy for a Satuday lunch crowd.Overall, I would definitely recommend Pequad's to anyone,  and would love to go back next time I'm in Chicago.Went to Pequod's last week and ordered their thin crust for the first time.The pan pizza is much better, but we wanted to give their thin crust a try.  Definitely stick with the pan.  The pizza is pretty expensive, but good.  We go for the atmosphere and love their 2 people booths.  We also ordered the zucchini sticks as an appetizer, and that was a rip-off.  I agree with Frankie J., just only order the pan pizza.Their pan pizza takes a while (30-35 minutes), so if you're hungry, pre-order your pizza over the phone, and  it'll be ready for your when you sit down!Oh hai Pequods!What's that? You deliver to West Loop?There's your 5th star!I only order Pequod's deep-dish. It has a carmelized crust which required some getting used to, but now invokes some looking forward to.My story about Pequod's:We got completely drunk one night, had a couple people over and things got a bit chaotic. My roommates ordered a large deep-dish. During the time it took for the pizza to arrive, half the party left and the other half fell asleep (or passed out, if you will.) The pizza came, no one answered the door and the delivery guy left. We order regularly and immediately became worried about the next time we wanted some deep-dish. It's the only place we order from so thoughts raced through our minds. Will they spit in it next time? Will they put us on a black-list, a la Elaine at the chinese restaurant?Leaving nothing to chance, I ordered and had them deliver to the apartment building across the street.  It took an hour of staring out the window and some serious self-reflection time, but it arrived as planned.It's that good.Five stars for the best pizza in my life.  Deep dish...gardinara and canadian bacon...i think.  Great service.One star knocked off for the tv being on so loud. They were playing an MTV channel very loud during peak business hours. You could hear every annoying commercial.  The band playing was some 'yeah yeah yeah's' wanna be band.  After that...good news...a live REM concert.I will come back here time and time again!We recently moved to Chicago and this was the first place we decided to try deep dish pizza. We ordered a tossed house salad and a medium 12" pan pizza with extra cheese, onion, sausage and pepperoni. This pizza was absolutely delicious. I had my doubts about deep dish pizza opting for thin crusted NY style slices but I now am on the fence. I definitely want to return to try a few different toppings but overall we had a great experience here. My soda was constantly full along with our waters and the salad was refreshing, topped with carrots, black olives and tomatoes. We only finished 1/2 the pizza and brought home the other half to have for leftovers!One of the top 3 places for pizza in Chicago along side Lou malnati's and Armand's . They do a unique deep dish which has a Carmelites burnt cheese crust which is ahhhhhhmazing!! They also do a 5 dollar lunch special with a personal deep dish and a beer . The staff is great and very friendly, definitely a treat every time I get the chance to eat here!!I was always a pan girl until I tried Pequod's. They totally converted me to thin crust! Well for the most part, i do LOVE my stuffed pizza!I've had their thin crust pepperoni and thin crust spinach. Both were amazing! Generous with the pepperoni and cheese so there's no complaints here!For people who like onion rings, they're HUGE here! This is the only place where I'll actually eat Jalapeno poppers. Their cheese bread is great too!I lovepractically everything about this place.Only downside is that service can be slow and the pizza is good but a little greasy if that's something you care about. With pizza this good, I don't!! Just blot! ;)BEST DEEP DISH Pizza in the whole world.... why stop @ Chicago...?I get the same toppings(mushrooms, onion and pepper) jus coz I don't think it can get better than that. I am also afraid, if it did get better, then I will become a Pequod junkie. They have a cool lunch special, personal pizza and a beverage (includes beer) for $5.99 which if you can get ur ass out during lunch hours, is totally worth the hike. We have actually taken the metra to the Clyborn station and walked 4 blocks to eat there. It's that good! Try it and u will be a believer too. :)I'm a pizza fiend. I wouldn't call myself a snob because I'll pretty much eat any kind of pizza and release an earth-shattering belch afterward to let you, everyone in the room and everyone in a 5 block radius how good that shit was. With that said, Pequod's is one of my top 3 favorite pizza places in this city. Walking up to it, the aroma of hot salami fills your nasal cavities which makes you pray to god there's not a wait (I've only ever encountered a wait a few times). I prefer to sit upstairs in a booth, but I did get to sit at one of those tall tables in the window last week which felt pretty baller.Get the pepperoni. I don't care if you're a vegetarian or anti-peps. Give up your silly rules for one night and do yourself a life-changing favor. Indulge in some delicious red meat and burnt cheese crust. Let the hot sloppy cheese burn the inside of your mouth so bad that when you go to the dentist the next day, he asks you if you had recently eaten pizza. So, when you admit it, he can show you on that mouth cam what kind of damage it did to the inside of your mouth. WORTH IT.I take all of my out of town guests here. It's within walking distance of my apartment (dangerous) and they advertise their lunch special like whoa ($5 for a personal peetz and beer, who wants to ditch work one day and take advantage of that gem?)Let's put it this way:  I love Lou Malnati's.  I haven't been to Lou's since I found Pequod's.Best deep dish pizza-ever. Plain and simple. Deciding factor?  I MICROWAVED (Eeek!) the leftovers the next day........and still loved it!  This isn't a freebie award either.  I have high deep dish expectations that I beleive both Lou Malnati's and Edwardo's meet, however Pequod's exceeds!Most obvious is the crust, blah blah blah.  You've heard it all.  BUT-too good not to mention!  You see the charred crust and swear it must taste burnt, but it just doesn't.  It's a chewy, cheesy, crispy piece of heaven.The best part of this pizza however is NOT the crust, but the SAUCE! My mouth is akwardly watering right now just thinking about it.  It is quite sweet-but not really sweet? I dunno, I do not like sweet sauces, but I LOVE this sauce.  The savory/saltiness of it is a perfect balance.Other notables: nice atmosphere, decent beer list, fair priceYUM!Dear. Mr. Pequod - One of my favorite places to go in the neighborhood over the last 5 years.  But why skimp on your toppings lately?  I love the outside caramelized part of your crust, but lately the crust seems to have grown while the toppings have slowly disappeared.  Splash a little extra cheese on there for me.  Give me a few more pieces of sausage, so my wife doesn't eat them all directly out of the pan.  I will visit you more often if you do.  I will come back and give you the stars you deserve.  I promise.Yours in pizza, ScottPS:  Your Jalapeno poppers are delicious.i've heard so many good things about Pequod's and their pizza so i had to finally try it. i ordered delivery from here mid afternoon on a Thursday...the girl that answered the phone was very nice but put me on hold twice while taking my order, once was in the middle of giving my credit card number and i could hear the phones ringing non-stop in the back round. it bothered me a little but i let it go bc i was so hungry and excited to try their pizza.when the delivery guy came he said he forgot to print a receipt for me to sign so i didn't have anywhere to give him a tip since i paid with credit and didn't have cash. i let him know i would call Pequod's and have them add it to my card. so after eating their delicious pan (deep dish) pizza with extra cheese and spinach, i decided to call. the first time they answered with "Pequod's please hold" and immediately put me on hold without my response, i waited 3 minutes then hung up. i called back and the exact same thing happened again so i hung up again. i tried one more time and as soon as they answered i asked for a manager. i was put on hold again for a few more minutes before he answered. when he answered i started by letting him know that i ordered a pizza from them and it was delicious, and also that i needed to add a tip for my delivery guy since he didn't bring me a slip to write on. after that i said i also wanted to comment on how i was put on hold a couple times during placing my order and also when i had called back a few times. i said if i had not already ordered with them i would've hung up and called somewhere else after waiting that long. i also mentioned that i felt it was not good business to cut me short and answer the phone during my order-i believe they should have taken my order and let the phone ring until we finished (they probably put those people on hold anyway!) he apologized and said he could see how that would happen since it's so busy and they only have one person answering the phone. i can understand that businesses get busy and need to put people on hold, but i did not appreciate being put on hold very abruptly and also during giving my credit card number and just wanted to give them some feedback on how that can be unnerving for someone. i hope they took it into consideration.all in all. i would order from them again since the pizza was so good, but hope they can hire another person to answer the phones!I pass by this place about every week, but just stopped in for the first time a few days ago (maybe I was still bitter from analyzing "If man will strike, strike through the mask" and other MD quotes as a high schooler). Now I wish that I would have gone here sooner! They don't skimp with the toppings, and I was a bit skeptical about the crust at first, but it was really good! The garlic bread was pretty good, as well. Definitely worth trying, if you haven't already!There aren't that many original pizza joints anymore, even in a pizza mecca like Chicago, but Pequod's is one.  They take deep dish to the next level with their carmelized crust baked in the cast iron pizza pan.I've been to many of Chicago's pizza joints and most of them are great, but this one really stands out above the rest.BTW they got my 5 stars soley based on the flavor of the Pizza... it is that good.  The service in the place is decent, but nothing special.  Sort of as you would expect at a pizza place.  However, the pizza never dissapoints.If you haven't been here you have to go.  You have no right to call yourself a pizza connoisseur until you do!I was visiting Chicago and needed to try the famous deep dish pizza.  Yelp pointed me to Pequod's and I was not disappointed.  I had the pepperoni and sausage personal (7") pizza and it was delicious.  Each pizza is made personally for each customer, so it took about 30 minutes before I could indulge.  The sauce was slightly sweet and the crust was out of this world good.  The sausage was freshly cut and really made the pizza pop.  The pizzeria had a decent beer selection on tap which was a great complement to the food.  Service was friendly and attentive.  If I was a Chicago resident, I'd frequent Pequod's as much as my waistline allowed it.I think this is the BEST deep dish pizza in Chicago.  Granted, I am a tourist and not a Chicago-native, but this pizza beats Giordano, Unos, and Gino's East. I love how the crust is thin and crispy..a deep dish pizza without all the bread.Also, the pizza sauce is just plain tasty.How can you go wrong with a pizzeria with a mascot that boasts a Whale wearing a Thong on its head? =)I dream about this pizza...seriously...it was that good.The pizza is good, the caramelized cheese makes it great.  It's not your typical Chicago deep dish pizza -the crust isn't dry and boring like at most of the Chicago pizza places.  The lunch special is a steal.  $5 for a personal pizza with 1 topping and 1 drink (includes beer on tap).I liked the old dining area before the renovations but there is more seating now, so I guess it's a push.  They used to show a music station on the flat tube that basically only showed videos or concert/live performance footage.  It wasn't on today.It's really easy for a dinner and movie date since the movie theater at Webster place is right across the street.5 stars for the pizza and I'd give it an extra star for Pequod's mascot - a whale wearing what appears to be a thong on its face.  If someone can explain that to me, it would be greatly appreciated.Pequod's is a Chicago pizza institution for sure.  I grew up here for 18 years, moved to NYC for 8 years, and have been living back in the Chi for the last year or so.  You could say that I've been around the pizza block a few times.  But, up until last week, I'd never had the 'quods!  Lucky for me, one of my best friends had a birthday last weekend, and his pizza of choice was here.  First of all, the 'quods gets CROWDED!  (You've been warned.)  Don't worry though.. you can wait out the crowds at Pequods' sister bar, Flounder's, down the block.  Our specific experience: They were very accomodating for a party of 12 in the middle of a busy Saturday evening.  They let us have the (huge) table even though all of our party wasn't there yet, and they were super attentive with beer and water refills.  Once everyone showed up, we ordered 3 MASSIVE pan pizzas - 1 veggie, 1 meat lovers and 1 ultimate.  Pequod's pizza is different from the rest because they allow the crust to burn and carmelize slightly.  It tastes slightly of parmesean and has an awesome crunch to it -- sort of like the reward at the end of your slice.  I was only able to put down 2 pieces at meal time due to the insane density of the pizza, but damn were those 2 pieces good.  I will for sure be back in another year once I've worked off those calories!  Go there.  Seriously.  It's amazing.Let me preface this by saying I am a fan of New York pizza, and I don't consider Chicago Deep Dish (only 1 year older than the twinkie) to really be pizza.That being said this place was pretty decent.  We asked if the dough was vegan, and they said it was, and with no cheese that means no caramelized.  Crust was okay though, a little dry for me.  Sauce was good, toppings as well.  Next time I may get normal/thin crust.  One waiter told us he loves putting the vegan parm on his pizza at home, but I don't think they had any here.  They should get some Teese here!  I like having the oregano and red pepper on the table without having to ask.  Staff was amazingly friendly and nimble despite the thick Saturday evening crowd.  People were packed to the gills but I didn't feel cramped and the volume of the was still ok enough to have a conversation.I'm visiting a friend in South Bend and he was nice enough to take us to Chicago.  I asked him if he could please take us to Pequod's since it had so many reviews and I love love love pizza.  Hands down, the best deep dish pizza ever.  I loved it.  The service was good too.  I even bought a shirt!  I love these hole in the wall pizza places.  They are the best.  I can only hope of coming here again.Just ate here last night.  I'm a fan of their pizza, have been for awhile, but last night they skimped on the ingredients; 2 pieces of sausage on average per slice - (trust me, i counted).  I also couldn't find any cheese on the pizza.  Ok, maybe thats an exaggeration, but there was very little cheese on it.  What is up with a pizza with no cheese on it?  I love bread, but i wanted a pizza last night.  Yes, the crust was excellent as usual, but i have to knock them for the rest.  If they are feeling the recession, please charge me an extra $1, but don't skimp on the cheese and ingredients.They may have just fallen out of my top ten pizza's in Chicago...Everyone loves Pequods... literally everyone... but me (the bf will see this post, largely dispute it, and then re-write it). Pequods is decent; I'll give you that. But it has significantly more dough than cheese and toppings, which I do not like. To me, Pequods is like Pizzeria Uno meets Papa Del's... a lot of dough, a different type of dough, but ultra greasy. The carmalized crust is tasty, but the texture makes it difficult to chew. And to speak to the grease factor, we kept leftovers for a few days, and each day you could see more and more grease secrete out of the top and bottom. Too gross to see and then eat.In general, I'd come back to Pequods if friends declare their love for it and plan a dinner there. I would not, however, ever chose to come on my own.I'm really not a big fan of Piece Pizza, but I went with a few friends and was told it would be hour and half wait.  WTF?  I know it's Saturday night, but It's not worth that kind of a wait.  Instead, we went to Pequod's because none of us had been there.  We arrive only to have to a 15 minute wait, which is much better.  We got deep dish pizza, which didn't take long to make.  The pizza was really good.  However, we all thought "it could use some extra cheese."  I told another friend the next day and she asked if we had extra cheese because they apparently don't put enough on it.  Ahhh, that would have been helpful.  Remember, ask for extra cheese!  It's worth it.  I can eat...alot.  I could only eat two slices of their deep dish.   Base your ordering on a 2 slices per person rule and you'll have plenty. I found the restaurant to be quaint and comfortable.  The service quick and friendly.  Worth going again.  I forgot to mention... In the time it took us to drive there, order, eat and pay, we would still be waiting for Piece Pizza to actually get around to seating us.  Which would you rather do?  Wait or eat?So many people who love Chicago deep dish told me I HAD to try something more authentic than Giordano's or Lou Malnati's... this is the place that was recommended to me.I enjoyed this pizza. The place was small and the service was decent. My friend and I went for the lunch special which is an individual pizza with one topping and a soda or a bud light. It was a great deal! The carmelized crust was good, my friend loved it a lot more than I did. For me, having something slightly sweet with my pizza threw me off. All in all it's a great local place if you want some authentic Chicago style deep dish.Not sure if its a norm but our pizza was terribly dry on top. I understand the crusty bottom is to be expected but I really couldn't even taste the sauce or cheese as everything was really dried out. Our friends shared their pie with us and there's was different and much. Too bad I hadn't switched the pie pans ! I must note that I'm a native New Yorker that went in with an open mind. I actually found the pizza too heavy to digest but was happy to have tried it since I was in Chicago.When some friends from CA came to visit they wanted to try the famous Chicago deep dish pizza so I scoured the internet for the best of the best.  I chose Pequod's because the crust sounded special and it was clearly thought to be in the top 5.I wasn't disappointed.  We went on a crowded Saturday night and they were all over handling the crowd. It didn't really take long to get seated and the waiter was very good. We enjoyed some brew and waited for our delicious pizzas. Mine was a vegan version (no cheese) and delicious.  I would love love it if they had vegan cheese though. Oh well, beggars can't be choosers.The atmosphere was very bar-like and laid back. Fun and loud but not too loud. I will definitely be back!Growing up as one of 5 children, my parents taught us never to waste food. Anything that was burnt was to be eaten anyway. Probably because it was your fault you didn't pay attention to it. To this day, I love a good piece of burnt toast. I love burnt cheese even morePequod's, thank you for drawing inspiration from my messed up childhood.This is one of the best deep-dish pizzas in Chicago. Actually, in the Deep Dish Pizza Tasting I did with my friends, Pequod's won.The carmelized crust is so delicious it should be criminal. Crispy crust with burnt cheese. Oh, man... It makes my mouth water just thinking about it.You MUST order the sausage pizza. I'm not usually a sausage kind of gal (The kind made from pork! Get your minds out of the gutter!), but Pequod's has converted me with their pepper-y, flavorful, the-other-white-meat goodness. We also ordered a pepperoni and green pepper pizza (a.k.a. the best pizza topping combination of all time). It was the perfect meat-to-veggie ratio, and the peppers me feel like I was being healthy despite the 1,000,000 grams of carbs I inhaled without a second thought.2 pieces will be plenty per person, but leftovers are encouraged because you will not be able to stop thinking about it by lunch the next day and will want more. Take this psychological fatty's word for it.Having recently moved to Lincoln Park, I wanted to go on a little walk around my neighborhood to check out some local spots which could have the potential to become my regular ones. Pequod's just might be the winner for my new pizza joint!This review is based only on carry-out because I didn't have enough time to dine-in.A Medium Deep Dish 1/2 Sausage and 1/2 Spinach and Mushroom was calling my name, so I called my order in at about 7:30pm for pick-up. The girl I spoke to was extremely friendly, and even knew my name even though I didn't tell her. I'm assuming she was either a secret agent spy, or had a pretty cool caller-ID on her phone, either way it made the experience a lot more personable.Around 7:50pm, I made my way over to pick up the pie. The hostess was really friendly too, and told us that I could pay and pick up at the bar. The place was pretty full for a week night, and everyone seemed to be having a great time. The pizza itself is delicious. I loved the crust, mushrooms, cheese, sausage, and spinach- all were fresh and tasty. Although, I didn't fall in love with the tomato sauce, I think I could look past it. The serving size was also very generous, and 1.5 slices were more than enough for me. Needless to say, I had plenty of leftovers for the next day.Overall, a great experience at Pequod's and would recommend it to anyone in the mood for some great pizza!The boyfriend and I stopped in here the other night before seeing a film. We saw a few cops eating in the place and figured, hey, if there's cops eating there, it's probably not awful.It wasn't awful. The service was spot-on- our waitress was very attentive, refilled my drink often, and asked how things were. The ambiance was all right- a sort of dive-y, bring your kids kind of place. There were flat screens tuned to the Sox game. The small salad I had was fresh and good, but the (thin crust) pizza wasn't my favorite. The pineapple on the pizza was in full rings- which made it difficult to eat given the fact that the pizza is cut into the little squares. The toppings and cheese slid off the pizza, leaving you with either a mouthful of cheese and toppings or a mouthful of bread. There wasn't much flavor to the pizza, and I wasn't a fan of the braided crust- it just seemed overly dry, flavorless, and burned. Generally, I love the crusts on pizza, but this one- not so much. The boyfriend seemed to like it, but I wouldn't order it again.Overall our experience was good- but the waitress really earned the three stars, because without the friendly service I'd have given this place the minimum one star. Also, it seemed a bit pricey for what it was- a medium pizza with two toppings, a small salad, a soda, and two (not fancy) beers cost $40 with a tip.In college, I would go to a place called Papa Del's (in Champaign) for amazing deep dish pizza.  They served quality ingredients (especially the sauce....oooooh the sauce) and it was always worth the wait.  I lived in Chicago one summer and tried a bunch of deep dish pizzas (Pizzeria Due, Giordano's, Lou Milnati's, etc), but didn't like ANY of them.   Eating at all of those places seriously made me long for Papa Del's.Well, I'm out of college and I moved to New York, but whenever I visit Chicago, my friend, Brian, stuffs me with all kinds of Chicago-style food.  One place he introduced me to, Pequods, reminds me of Papa Del's, and, dare I say it, might be BETTER than Papa Del's!  They have a deep dish pizza that has a caramelized crust (they put parmesan around the crust before putting it in the oven).  The pizza has just the right amount of everything; it's not just a thin crust pizza with an inch of gloppy cheese (like SOME Chicago pizzerias).  I asked about shipping pizzas from Pequods to New York, but it was too expensive (dry ice, overnight shipping, etc)  I suppose I'll fly to Chicago anytime I have a craving :)Never again! It's been 1hr 40m that I've waited, haven't even had my dinner and I'm writing this place off.Absolutely ridiculous service. I've been on hold three times now--the first time I called after an hour lapsed and they confirmed that a driver had already left. Fast forward 30m, still no pizza and they put me on hold twice, waiting a total of 10 min. and I just hung up out of frustration and generally feeling pissed off.I hope this pizza is worth the $0.00 I will be paying in total!!The best deep dish pizza in Chicago.We recommend / usually have: 1 deep-dish pie with Sausage, Onion and Green Pepper, a 2nd pie with garlic and spinach, along with a pint of Elliot Ness and a pint of Green-Line pale-ale.When my wife & I moved to Chicago, one of the first foods we'd sought out was a true "Chicago-style" pizza. At the recommendation of her brother, a long-time Chicago resident and Northwestern Alum, we had Pequod's and its caramelized crusts did *not* disappoint.Other pizza-places we've had since have not been able to match up. Pequod's can get a bit crowded, and if seated upstairs, you'll find yourself with larger parties and / or families, but the food is well worth it and the staff is very friendly and always attentive.I've been back twice to Pequod's since the big fire.  The first time I tried the deep dish, since I hadn't had it before.  It was OK.  The second time I went back for a slice of cheese and mushroom and was really looking forward to the caramelized cheese experience again.  I was, however, very disappointed!  There was no carmelization in sight for me or my boyfriend, and the slices were pretty bland.  What happened Pequods?  The mushrooms on my slice were practically refrigerated, and the cheese barely heated.  I was also a little sad that the run-down atmosphere and wall of snapshots has now been replaced with an updated, just like so many other bars, look.  Not a bad look, just not as unique as it once was!Very crowded, seems like everyone knew about this place but me, lively pizza joint. We managed to snag a seat on a busy Thursday night and had a large-and-in-charge thin crust with veggies and half meat (for the carnivore in this two-some). Part of me thought the crust needed a little umph with some salt but everything else was delicious! Super nice servers. Great drink selection and music choices.What a fun place for a large group too! Will be checking this pizza place out more than once!I rarely eat deep dish, but had a friend in town who wanted to try it and took him here based on the good reviews.The pizza definitely lived up to the reputation....very well executed and tasty.  Generous amounts of pepperoni and other toppings and a perfectly baked crust.  Definitely a thumbs up for deep dish!  I don't eat deep dish enough to compare it to the other big players in deep dish, but I certainly enjoyed it.Yuk.Slimy, over sauced, over-cheesed. I may not know much about pan pizza, but if this is what it's all about, I'll stick to Napoli.Wow.  Can't really compare this place to other Chicago spots because this was the only one I tried (other than Lou Malnati's at the Taste), but it was ... transcendent.  Or maybe that was just my brain misfiring due to the oxygen deficiency that occurred once the artery cheese chokehold commenced.  So good. This was one of those meals where you go beyond full, when you keep saying "just one more bite" until it is gone, and your stomach likes the abuse, secretly enjoys being pushed to maximum capacity.Staff was cool, beers were cold, ambiance was appropriately pizza parlor.  Worth the hike out from downtown for sure.   One of the better pizzas I've ever had.I've been coming to Pequod's for years and I have never been disappointed by how outstandingly delicious it is.  The pizza arrives slowly, so come prepared to be patient and wait...It will be worth it, I promise.As everyone has already said, the crust is caramelized around the edge of the pan, and the sauce isn't on top.  However, they haven't captured how much of an incredible experience this is; I have to exercise restraint to keep from skipping right to the crust and forgetting about the rest of the pizza!  It's that good!The sauce is perfect.  There's a nice balance with the sweet to savory ratio, which I feel like is a pretty delicate balance to walk when it comes to pizza sauce.Get the sausage.  It's spicy and perfect, all blended in with the sauce and cheese and crusty goodness.They're also open pretty late, which is good if you're a procrastinator.  :)Very well done, Pequod's!Outstanding!  This is the only place I know of where I can get a true Chicago-style deep dish pizza that is vegan (their crust is vegan, so you just have to order it without cheese).  My wife (who does not eat vegan) got her pizza with green peppers and sausage (and cheese of course) and said "this is the best Chicago-style pizza I've ever eaten!"It was *very* kid-friendly and the staff was great.  We will *definitely* be eating here again!As a huge pizza fan, it is hard for me to give any one pizza place 5 stars...but Pequod's definitely deserves it.  The caramelized crust is unlike any other Chicago deep dish and the sauce and toppings are extremely fresh.  But the best part of Pequod's is their lunch special.  $4.95 for a 7" one topping deep dish pizza and a draft beer or pop.  The pizza is hearty so a 7" is definitely enough for even big eaters, but I wouldn't expect to have leftovers!On rare occasions the wait can be longer than expected for pizza, but it is well worth it!As a Chicagoan, I grew up on Lou Malnatis, Due's, Gino's East, and even Edwardo's when it was still around. I had only heard about Peaquod's from a friend. On my last trip back home, I went to dinner here. We got a large half sausage half pepperoni deep dish. Couldn't believe how good it was. I've always liked my pizza on the crispier side, so this place seems tailor-made for me. They don't use as much tomato sauce compared to Lou's or Due's, and the meat isn't served as it's own layer either. It was well-balanced and the crust seemed like dessert afterward. Whenever I'm home, I'll be getting my deep dish from Peaquod's. Bonus city points if you remember going to Batter Up on Lincoln just a block over back in the day. The projection screen of the pitcher do his wind-up before the ball came out was a class above all other batting cages. They also had a bizarre basketball court with different shaped backboards, an arcade, and laser tag too.This might be a little biased as during my first trip to Chicago, this place was recommended to me by the awesome staff at Equinox. Thus, it's technically my first Chicago deep dish ever.Nonetheless, Pequod's is ridiculously good for a deep dish pizza. I'm a die hard thin crust lover, but Pequod's made me think twice.I decided to order a small deep dish sausage and mushroom for myself. Good lord, I could barely finish 3/4 of my pizza. Great thick crust with a nice touch of crunchiness at the bottom. The part that really did it for me was the crust. It has a cheesy, garlicy taste that was ridiculously good.I honestly could just eat the crust alone. Great place, and now I have serious food coma.I don't often say this - but I LOVE my brother. Yes, purely because he insisted that I go to Pequod's... it is BY FAR the best advice he has ever given me in his life. My friends and I made the trek over here on my brother's word alone. Yes, we were running later then we wanted to be for a show uptown more, yes it was freezing cold and raining, and yes we were having trouble finding a cab and ended up walking the whole way. and YES IT WAS WORTH IT. When we first walked into the place I thought we would be waiting for hours, but they lead us upstairs and all the way to the other end of the restaurant and sat us immediately. We explained we were in a bit of a hurry and the waitress did great bringing us all our drinks quickly and getting our order in - even with it being packed! They had a great beer list (something that is very important to me) and also had a pretty great special on a shot of whiskey with a beer - can't go wrong there! The pizza is absolutely delish! All the ingredients so fresh and the best sausage I think I've ever had on a pizza. The warm gooey cheesey meaty combination made the walk in the freezing rain a distant memory and all my troubles were gone. Yes. Its that good. The sauce? Phenomenal! the crust being made partially out of caramelized cheese??? ohhhhh my goodness! My advice is not to get anything bigger then a medium because it is SO filling. We couldn't really take it with us either because we didn't want to take it around to all the bars that night - it was pretty heartbreaking. A medium would have easily fed 4 people - we had two four the for of us (mostly because one of us was a vegetarian and we didn't want to miss out on this heavenly sausage -  but still two smalls would have been more then fine!). I saw that someone wrote so not worth the wait. I know I didn't have to wait at all (thank goodness because we would have had to leave), but I would not be angry to wait an hour or two for this goodness! Get a drink while you wait and dream of the pizza that will be in your belly in the near future.Stop #4 on my "Eating my way through Chicago/St. Louis and possibly doing other things on this trip Summer Tour 2011" found me finally at some deep dish pizza.  Another recommendation from my friend.  It is all about the crust at Pequod's.  Yum freakin' yum.Another place you will wait in line for.  The friend that I was staying with hadn't heard of Pequod's.  I was hoping we were in for a treat.  The beauty of Pequod's is that they will take your pizza order while you wait to be seated.  Deep dish usually takes a while to cook, so ordering it while you have yet to sit is a really nice thing for them to do.Once seated, we started out with the Appetizer Combo which was a bunch of fried things like mozzarella sticks, zucchini, poppers and mushrooms.  It was ok.  Fried is fried.  You can't really do a terrible job at frying things.  I was ready for the pizza.We had the pan pizza with onions and pepperoni.  The pizza is baked in cast iron pans blackened by decades of seasoning and the overflowing cheese emerges from the oven as a halo of caramelized crust.  If that doesn't sound good to you, what does?  This is not a pizza for the faint of heart.  Deep dish is heavy and we didn't see anyone leaving the restaurant without a to go bag.  We ended up taking a good portion home and I had a slice 2 days later.  Still tasted really good.There are a ton of pizza shops in Chicago.  Everyone has a favorite.  If I lived here I can see Pequod's being a favorite for years and years.This pizza rocks! It's funny that they call it a pan pizza (and it is), when you order it they correct you and call it deep dish. Whatever, it's called is carmelized cheese crusty goodness. These slices are no joke, they are just as filling as a deep dish should be. Had sausage and mushroom and it was yummy. Their sausage means meat, not those rinky dink sausage balls. Even though I really, really, really love deep dish this stuff is tops! I'd come back again and again.The line can be ridiculous, but they do a good job of getting people in and out. The option to start your order ahead of time also helps. This pizza is worth it.If you are in the Lincoln Park/DePaul area, you really need to check out Pequod's Pizzeria.  Until yesterday, I've never been but some friends were hungry after seeing a move at the Regal Webster Place 11 (which is across the street) and they have been here several times,When you approach this "hole-in-the-wall" pizzeria, you may want to walk right past it since it's among other stores.  Once inside, you'll be "greeted" by the "self- important" hostess.   We were seated at a great table by the door - no big deal.  It was a great table to watch people and watch sports on the many tvs.The restaurant is long and narrow with plenty of booths and small tables for two.  Towards, the back by the kitchen, there were larger tables that could be larger groups - not to large.  The bar was also very accessible for those waiting for a table.  I could image this place get packed on the weekends.The server was very pleasant and very inattentive.  Never overbearing.  Yes, the servers wear sports shirts or t-shirts but it fit in the atmosphere, which is very casual, sports bar, family neighborhood place.  I noticed a lot of carry outs which is a good sign.For as steady as the restaurant was, the pizzas came to our table in a reasonable amount of time.  My buddies had the deep dish with just about everything on it and I had the thin crust with pepperoni which was excellent!  The deep dish looked just as good and as much as they ate, it must have been also good.   The sauce was just right...not to spicy and not overbearing.  Looking forward trying the deep dish next time.The prices are very reasonable for the area.So if you are the neighborhood, I would highly recommend that you check this place out!Just meh...This is my opinion of the deep dish pizza with veggie toppings. They take reservations only on weekdays, which is probably the best time to visit. I hear that it gets very crowded in the weekends. We got the mozzarella sticks which was a tad too salty for my palate. But the cheese was stringy and delicious. I loved tomato sauce and the cheese in the deep dish but there was something off. We got an assortment of veggie toppings (olives, peppers, jalapeños, tomato, basil and spinach). The crust wasn't bad either but something was off, and the whole thing together did not taste sumptuous.. just ok.I've never stepped into the restaurant, I have only ordered delivery from this place a total of 6-8 times i'd say. One of these days i'll go ahead and dine in, but for delivery- it does not get any better.Call in advance, well, at least an hour and 15 minutes in advance, and the delivery order will be timely. If you know you want pizza delivered for dinner, and it's the afternoon, let them know what time you want the food, and they will deliver your pizza right at the time you requested- this is tribute to how organized this place is.The pizza is so incredibly good, especially the crust. I've had both the pan/deep dish as well as the thin crust, and while any Chicagoan will tell you the pan is the way to go, the thin crust is just as good.Props to Pequods, i've been to the location in Morton Grove, and it is the best Chicago pizza i've ever had. The Lincoln Park is what I use for delivery, and they do a great job.Worth the (long) wait. Go there when you think you might be hungry since you'll get the food by the time you're starving! Sausage and pepperoni deep dish with some cheesy bread is the ultimate meal!!The wait is long, and the interior is crowded and noisy, but this is the one deep-dish in Chicago that I like. Can't wait to go back at an off-time (rather than a Saturday night).The crust is carmelized. The toppings are great. The sauce is great. Get in my mouth, Pequod's.Yummy...I came in one late night for a slice and couldn't figure out what all the fuss was about.  But today I brought a friend here and we ordered an entire pan pizza.  That's the only way the carmelized crust comes and it's the only way you should order your pizza here.This crust is fabulous.  We got ground beef  and mushroom on one half, pepperoni and green pepper on the other.  Skip the ground beef and order pepperoni.  They put the ingredients on top of the sauce and cheese and for me, this is an Absolute MUST!  It keeps the ingredients from getting wet and soggy.  I don't know who decided to do it the other way but pizza is not pizza with wet meat under the cheese.  The service here is fabulous.  They get you served up fast and check back on you.  You know, the way it's supposed to be done.You cannot miss the bathrooms.  They are pointed out by a neon sign larger than the beer signs.  I like that.  I wonder, though, how many people still ask where the bathrooms are.  Nothing special inside.  Reminded me of my dorm bathrooms.My face hurt from too much deliciousness, that's what Pequod's does to you.Deep Dish pizza that no other place in the city can touch.  Well, they can touch it, they just have to pay like the rest of us schmucks.   First off, the crust in caramelized not burnt.  They douse your pizza with toppings, like a sea of peperoni or mountains of sausage. The cheese is stringy and the sauce phenomenal.  Best pizza in the city.This place was the third deep dish spot I went to during my weekend in Chicago and it did not disappoint! It was soooo good! The crust was thick and crunchy so you tasted it in even with all the extra cheesy gooey goodness on top of it. Our waitress was very nice and patient. I liked the atmosphere of the place. I would definitely recommend this place!As a general rule, I judge a neighborhood by the accessibility to good pizza.  Months ago, when I rediscovered Pequod's, I was relieved with my decision to buy my first home in this area.  Phew!I love the thin crust pizza with its perfect combination of sauce and toppings.  Plus, I LOVE the fat, buttery crust!This place gets REALLY busy.  If you are starving and want to sit right away, your chances are pretty good before 6:30pm.I will definitely be back to try the deep dish.  Stay tuned!This place has gone downhill; I used to really enjoy the food here. The pizza was burned the last time I came here and it's just not very good anymore. The service is spotty. Sometimes it's good....sometimes not so good. Ambiance is okay if you like loud sports.The restroom always seems kinda dirty. I don't think I'll come back.How can you tell you're truly a Chicagoan after moving from another city?  The though of Chicago Stuffed Dish pizza makes your stomach turn a knot at its mere sight.  We've all been there.  We transplant from some Big10/Midwest school, move into our Lincoln Park/Wrigleyville dive spot and order Giordano's constantly for the next 3 months because we LOVE chi deep dish pizza.  Twelve months later, your frat brother from Columbus comes to visit and insists on ordering Chi's most famous pizza and you are absolutely revolted at the thought of consuming any more. That's where Pequods comes in to save the day (sorry for the long intro).  Best Pizza In The City....I know bold statement.  The deep dish is unlike anything I've ever had.  In what had to be the byproduct of a deal with the devil, the crust is the best part of the pizza.  The ring of cheese they put around the crust that caramelizes to perfection makes the pizza.  I wish they would make breadsticks like this, but it wouldn't be the same.  The pizza itself is very good, tons of ingredients, but its very heavy.  One slice will fill you up, two will knock you out, three....well.....I think I'm officially giving up on deep dish. I was excited for Pequod's and thought that *this* was going to be the moment I discover REALLY good deep dish but it didn't happen. I did like the caramelized crust but it's still a lot of dough and a lot of sauce. If you have vegetarians with you or those who simply don't like certain ingredients, it's possible to only have toppings on half the pizza. Their garlic bread with cheese appetizer is tasty but you can't go wrong with anything melted cheese!I agree with a lot of Yelpers--they have GOT to change that horrible blue awning in front! It's a lot nicer inside and deceptively small (the 2nd floor is huge!).MMM mmmm! Finally came here after hearing about it from lots of people- it hasn't disappointed. I have only had the pan pizza- and that cheese crust is SO good. Service can be slow but my husband and I have taken to calling in our order ahead which speeds up the process a bit. Overall we've never had a bad pizza there. It can get crowded so try to call in for a table. Lots of TVs if you want to watch a game. Pequods has turned into our deep-dish default pizza place (and we do Piece when we want thin crust!).Barely edible! After reading all of the positive reviews, I was so looking forward to trying Pequod's pizza. I ordered a medium, cheese, pan pizza for takeout. The box did not feel very hot, and I opened it to find lukewarm, soggy pizza. The cheese was not melted, and looked like layers of sliced mozzarella on top of thick bread with sauce on top.  Even the charred edge (caramelized crust??) of the pizza was cold. The only redeeming quality was the sauce, which made the pizza barely edible.Normally I wouldn't review a place that has so many reviews already (especially when everyone basically agrees that Pequod's has the best pizza in chicago), but I'm posting and giving 5 stars anyways just to counteract the two reviews (Michael W and Tina) who gave it 2 and 3 stars, respectively, for being a crummy white sox bar.Um, how do I say this gently, IT'S A PIZZA RESTAURANT, NOT A BAR!Seriously, how stupid do you have to be to think this is a bar? How could you be confused, did you notice that everyone was eating pizza?  That every table had pizza menus, shakers, and napkims and forks? That the actual bar has like 5 seats which people only sit at if they're waiting for a table?  That the overwhelming smell that hits you when you walk in is PIZZA- not beer?If you're looking for a bar, go to a bar- there's one two doors down.  If you want to eat pizza, then go to Pequod's, you'll be happy.Oh, and they happen to have a great, albeit small, beer list too//Given the 400+ other reviews on Yelp, I don't think i have anything to add about Pequod's. I'll just say that the pizza is delicious, the crust is great, and the sausage is my favorite topping. If you like deep dish, try Pequod's, you won't disappointed.One random Saturday afternoon Aaron picked up our food network magazine to see a spread about the fifty states and the best pizza in each one, we decided to see for ourselves if this place could beat out Uno;s and Lou's. It's a divey dark, kinda small but with a second floor kind of bar setting place. The waitstaff adorn shirts of the mascot which is a whale with a pair of panties on it's head. I couldn't figure out what the joke was there, but ah well. Everyone was friendly enough. Aaron and I decided to order up a deep dish pepperoni pizza and the fried appetizer platter. The timing was good because the appetizer came out fairly quickly. Everything on it was good, the stand out though, were the Jalapeno poppers. They had cheddar cheese in the middle rather than the more standard cream cheese. It was a really nice and tasty touch. The pizza was also fantastic. I loved the touch of the burnt parm cheese cooked on top of the crust. It was also a very balanced za just the right amount of sauce and cheese on it. The dough had almost an olive oil taste to it, and I swear that the sauce had a touch of red wine in it. The pep[eroni was nice and crisp and thin sliced with a hint of spice in it. All in all it was a great dinner. I keep telling Aaron that we need to make a return trip because that za was crave worthy.I kept hearing such good things about Peaquod's so I was really excited to try some of this allegedly wonderful pizza. Unfortunately, it did not live up to the hype. Dough: Seemed a bit dry. Maybe they were having an off day? Sauce: Was just fine, but nothing breathtaking. Defintely had a different taste than most pizza sauces.Cheese: Ok.Crust: Addicting. Part of me wanted to cut off all the crusts just for myself. In conclusion, I like Peaquods just fine, but I don't see myself going here when I am in need of some pizza. The caramelized cheese on the crust however is a very nice touch to an otherwise average pizza.We spent almost an hour trying to get to this place due to transportation issues, but it was worth it. Thank goodness these guys serve food until 2 a.m. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere; dimly lit with a neon glow against deep red bricks. Our server had a bit of an attitude, because we asked her to repeat the beer on tap, but she came around toward the end of our meal. The cheesy bread wasn't anything special, but still hit the spot. The pizza was exceptional. The buttery crust was crispy and soft and added more richness to the toppings. They pile on the pepperoni and don't skimp on fresh garlic. And they have a good selection of cold beer to wash down your piping hot pie.First of all, I went in there STARVING. There was absolutely nowhere to sit or even stand really. I think the place was just packed and people were willing to wait it out, and after I had the pizza I knew why. It was outstanding. I don't usually like deep dish because the crust can be disgusting on the inside, but this deep dish was perfectly cooked all the way through. The thin crust was just as good.I have seen people complain about the appetizers, but how can you bitch about fried vegetables and ranch dressing? Even the garlic cheese bread was awesome. 8 of us shared three pies, two app. platters, two orders of bread, and at least 4 pitchers of beer. The total with tax came out to around $18 a person. AMAZING PRICE. The service was great, once we were seated after a 45 minute wait- brilliantly the staff suggests ordering your pizza while you wait so that it will be ready when you get your table. I am already planning when to return.I have eaten quite a bit of pizza in my day, and this comes in 2nd place behind Lou's for deep dish pizza. I have read a couple reviews below of people talking about how deep dish pizza is not very good and not pizza. These people DO NOT know pizza and the variety in which it can be presented for your mouth and taste buds. Pequod's has a very distinct taste. It has definitely set itself apart from Lou's in this fashion which is great because it gives me some variety on great deep dish pizza. The pepperoni was excellent. The crust it not as flavorful as Lou's but the cheese is very good and the sauce is unique and tasty. The reason I gave this location 3 stars only is because the wait and seating was AWFUL. When we got there they told us it would be about 30 minutes. Well we ended up waiting for over an hour to be seated. They do not have a waiting area and therefore if it is cold outside you are forced to stand inside pushing against other peoples tables. Not only is it awkward for you as people are squeezing by, but it also is unpleasant to be eating while people are surrounding you to wait for their table. I will be trying the Morton Grove location. Hopefully the layout will be betterIt almost feels like a waste for me to add another review of this place... I would list all the same delicious things as everybody else who enjoys it, the crust above all else.  I love that they deliver (even though it's much tastier in the restaurant than after riding in a box for 20 or 30 minutes) and that they'll do half toppings, so I can split an enormous small with a meat eating friend.I think I could eat pizza every day and not get get tired of it, and if I ever were to undertake such an endeavor, Pequod's would definitely contribute.Caramelized Crust. Deep Dish. Sausage.5 - stars for their 'za, definitely. Certainly one the top three here in the ole Chi-town.I just wish that they had a few other things on the menu filled with equal portions awesome. Their pizza gives you the HOOOH YEAH! While everything else there is kinda ho hum. Regardless, they're a great place for a pitcher, pizza, and watching a ball game on one of their epic TVs.Be prepared for LONG WAITS and an OVERCROWDED RESTAURANT! I struggled a little with whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars and had to settle with 3. The pizza is great! The crust is crisp and crunchy with nice flavors. The cheese and toppings are very tasty while the sauce is a little sweeter than my liking but still good tasting none the less. The restaurant itself is mad house. You're going to wait for a table in a small crowded area at the front. You're going to wait for drinks, and for your order to be taken and you're going to wait for your pizza. They told us 30 minutes and we ended up getting our pizza more than 50 minutes after we ordered. I was not happy with the service here, this is the reason for the lower rating. But the pizza was so damn good, I can't stop thinking of having more. I strongly recommend you get takeout here! Pizza should not be a two hour experience and that's what your in for if you decide to eat here. Whether you decide to pick it up and go or brave the logistical nightmare, you must have some of this GREAT CHICAGO PIZZA!Loved this place! While were vacationing in Chicago we decided to eat as much deep dish pizza as possible.  For my boyfriend, that was easy, but for me as a vegan it was not so simple.  At Pequod's the waitress was super nice and had no problem with my request for a deep dish pizza minus the cheese.  She explained how they caramelize the crust using cheese, but said they could skip that for mine. So nice.  I got the vegan version with green peppers, onions and spinach.  Fantastic! My boyfriend got pepperoni.  We each ordered smalls instead of personals and the waitress warned that it would be a lot of food and we would have leftovers.  I told her not to be so sure.  My boyfriend managed to eat almost his entire pizza, and I took one piece back to the hotel (where I ate it later).  This place was very casual and had a great vibe.  The pizza was fantastic.  We will definitely go back if we are ever in Chicago again.I have only seen my father get emotional maybe twice: once for my uncle getting married and another time when we saw Stonehenge. Until we went to Pequods. I don't know, maybe its the fact I grew up in the southeast and the only pizza we had was dominoes but that all changed when I moved to Chicago. Now, I have access to some of the best pizza places around: Art of Pizza, Pequod's, Pat's, and even some of the chains are way better than the cardboard I was used to eating. Anyway, my father and I got a pizza with sausage, pepperoni, and fresh basil.  I mean holy shit, this stuff was great, and my dad would not shut up about it. I had to take him to see a movie to shut him up.  Even after There Will Be Blood he was going on a on about the pizza.  So there you have it Pequods, you managed to out due an Oscar winning performance with your pizza.  Good Job.I'll just start off by saying I'm not really a "pizza person"  I mean, I'll eat it if that's what everyone else wants but it is NEVER my idea to get pizza.That being said, I LOVE Pequod's Pizza!The caramelized cheese crust and the perfect proportions of cheese, sauce, crust and toppings...Pequod's has turned deep-dish pizza into an art!  I always get the sausage and green pepper and am never disappointed!  The house salad is good too!Service can be a little slow but who cares when the pizza is this good.  Here's a tip: call ahead and they will start the pizza for you so it'll arrive at your table shortly after you do!The food was divine; the service incredible.   This place is so good people wait for a table and embrace the crowd like family.    The staff is quick and responsive...they work very, very hard and they care.  Food is amazing.I went here yesterday and I LOVED the pizza!!!! Whats not to love from their thin pizza! I had pepperoni and mushroom!WOw  oh man was this thing good. It had the pizza covered in Pepperoni!I was born and raised here in Chicago and have had my share of pie's. This is in my top 5.Service was good and everyone was nice. There was a old guy with beard and long hair. He was thanking everyone as they left the door. nice guy. Hasta pronto!PIZZA PIZZA----Little Caesars----PIZZA PIZZA. Oh wait, I was at Pequods, not Little Caesars or Pizza Hut? Never would've thought, because this pan pizza tastes very similar to a Pizza Hut pan pizza. Hmmm, I think they order from Pizza Hut, place this CRAP on a plate, jack up the price 40% (To compensate for Lincoln Park rental rates), and serve it to you with a smile----Lincoln Parkers will never know, right? Just jack up the price, and they're happy :)Ok, to the order----we started with the garlic cheese bread (no marina sauce?)----tastes just like cardboard....YUM! A small pan pizza----tastes just like pizza pizza----Little Caesars. AVERAGE, 2.5 stars, at best----sorry, just how I see it.This deep dish pizza is amazing.  I dream of it pretty much on a daily basis.   If I had to pick a last meal before dying, this pizza would be it.I'm usually pretty indifferent to deep dish pizza, but they get my 5-star review for the most delicious deep dish in the city.  Crispy melted cheese on the outside, great flavor through-out.  Excellent cheesy garlic bread, too.Nice ambience, we got the food faster than I thought we wood, and a pleasant server.YUM.It feels kind of superfluous to give these guys another review on top of their 1000+, but I need to emphasize, after somehow ignoring this place for so many years:You just can't not eat here. You cannot live in or visit this city without eating here. You are in a city that prides itself on its food, and this is the place at the very top of the city's collective imagination and, I guess, self-image. THIS is where you take people to show them what Chicago pizza is. This is what you envision when you think about Chicago pizza. At Pequod's, I was looking at the Platonic ideal of pizzas, and it had a caramelized crust.LET'S GET ONE THING STRAIGHT...for everyone saying this is the best deep dish pizza you have had, Pequod's IS NOT deep dish pizza. So if you have been visiting from out of town and telling people you had awesome deep dish from Pequod's then you'll want to apologize to those people for spreading misinformation. Pequod's is pan pizza. I was born and raised in Chicago and must say this is my least favorite pizza here. It is ok if you are looking for a change from other styles but overall I am not a fan. I prefer traditional deep dish which is a thin crust that is high on the edges and filled with cheese, sauce and toppings (like a pie). Pequod's has way too much dough and not enough substance for my taste. It's all about personal preference so if you enjoy it then great BUT it is not deep dish pizza. If you do not agree with my analysis of what deep dish is please by all means visit Wikipedia and maybe they will help you understand better. If you want authentic deep dish visit Giordanos or Lou Malnatis. Rudy Malnati originated the deep dish pizza recipe so that should tell you something.Ahhh Chicago Tourist. I was once in your shoes. I'm only in Chicago for (insert amount of time), and I've heard about Chicago having good pizza. Tonight, we're getting deep dish. I envy you. You get to try Pequod's Pizza for the first time. I remember the first day I had it on a rainy day in June after driving and moving all day. That day began my quest (shared by many other Chicagoans) to find the best the city has to offer. I set the bar too high this first day, and have spent every pizza experience at some other place wishing I went with my gut feeling to order Pequods.It is the best pizza I have ever had, and I love it. I can't say the word Pequods as a suggestion. Once the word is uttered, it is happening.  I am sure I have spent $1000's at Pequods. I have no regrets. Sean is the manager and is almost always there. He is customer service embodied. In all of my experiences, I have had a few negative delivery experiences, and Sean has made up for them without blinking an eye. Also it has THE best lunch special in the city. For less than $6 (not including tip...don't be cheap) you get the personal deep dish pizza and a beer or soda. You must do this.So go forth Chicago newcomers, and enjoy.BEST DEEP DISH PIZZA IN ALL OF CHICAGO! Yep, I said it and you CANNOT, WILL NOT convince me of otherwise. I don't mind the wait because it's THAT delicious. I love the caramelized cheese crust the best! The sauce is delicious and the variety of toppings are endless. It's just plain orgasmic. They have a great selection of quality beers on tap also, as well as, some tasty apps. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I take all my visitors there when they say that want Chicago deep dish, and anytime I am in the mood for deep dish pizza, I look nowhere else, but here.This is one of my favorite places to eat pizza.  You'll be shocked how good a burnt crust tastes.  We order the double pepperoni, deep disk.   I would stay away from too many vegetables at this place.  They fight the essence of the pizza.If you love pizza and have tried lots of different pizza Pequod's will be a nice treat for you. I love the name too.I've heard over & over that this is a Sox bar. Not sure why to the point that I'm wondering if that term, "Sox bar" is a pejorative.The beer was cold enough but the food was just OK and oddly expensive, as if I didn't know any better. Sorry, I wasn't drunk enough not to notice I was being ripped off. It's bad enough my White Sox are pretending to be the Cubs this year (aka "sucking") at least break off a deal or help me drowned my sorrows without going broke.OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!First found out about this place about 1-2 years ago when i was hanging out with some cast members from Second City.  They recommended it and then my GF and I decided to go there one late night since they open til like 2am or something like that.  Frickin good pizza.    Have ordered a pizza from there from where i live, which is Lombard,  and it was worth the drive.  Yum.My friends and I always order pizza from here whenever we feel like some pie whenever we are in the city.  My last visit i also tried their cookies, that stuff is good too, big and tasty (that's what she said).  Anyway this place is great.  Love it Love it Mahal.I completely agree with Amanda's review.  This pizza was nothing special at all.  I'm surprised at all the rave reviews.  Sometimes a place just gets an image and that just lives on.  I totally don't see it in this case.If you're going to try Chicago style pizza, stick to Uno's on Ohio or at the least Lou Malnati's.The best deep dish in Chicago, hands down. And I don't even LIKE deep dish!I first had Pequod's when it was delivered to a friend's over the summer. I finally got my butt off the couch and made my way to Pequod's -- which is in a totally inconvenient location, by the way (almost impossible to get to via CTA) - and I was so glad I did.We ordered a medium deep dish with sausage and olives. The caramelized crust was phenomenal, and the pizza itself wasn't too overwhelming. There were leftovers for everyone.One slightly annoying thing about this place would be the patrons. Yes, I realize this includes me, but I'm talking about all the bros who look alike/wear the same button down shirts. What's even more awkward is that when I was here, there was a table that was basically having like a speed dating event or whatever. Sigh.But the pizza is good! That's all that matters.They did a good job of accomodating us as a large walk-in group. We even had a couple unexpected people show up, and were able to squeeze in.  The food was good, although I would have enjoyed mine more if it was what I ordered.  There were, I think, 5 or 6 pizzas total.  Ours was the lone thin crust of the group, and when it arrived... it was also a deep dish.  Deep dish is not really my thing, but it was ok.  The service was only okay beyond the erroneous order.  Our server took the first pizza order of our 15-17 person group (1 large pan pizza--certainly not enough for all of us), and quietly asked if there was anything else and stepped back from the table.  The group was all talking, the room was full & loud, and I thought "Hey, stay a second & really find out before you go put that in!"   About 10 minutes after we finished, another server was clearing our table and we asked her for the check.  She didn't bring it, but about 20 minutes later I saw our server at another table & flagged her down to get the bill.  I'd been before & our service was more attentive, and they were quite busy at the time, which probably had something to do with it.To be honest, I was growing tired and bored with Deep dish pizza...but then I found Pequod's. This place blows Lou Malnati's and every other deep dish pizza I've eaten out of the water!!! I'm going to make this short and sweet cause I will be re-reviewing this place in the future...Pizza is thick, excellent sauce(perfect blend of flavor and some sweetness), excellent amount of cheese,  the sausage needs to be on each and every pizza, AND the crust is the BEST part (does not look the part but it is chewy heaven in your mouth). Great service and decent beer selection as well. GO here and grab some excellent pie for great prices.THIS IS THE BEST PIZZA IN CHICAGO....stop trying all the others...this is it!!!! When we moved to chicago we tried every pizza joint in the area trying to find the mysterious great chicago pizza.  The crust is delectable!! You will not be disappointed! We take all visitors here when they are in town!In my quest to find the best deep dish pizza in the city I came to Pequod's. It was recommended by a friend who has lived in the city for many years so when I had a set of friend's visit that wanted to try some authentic deep dish pizza I knew exactly where I wanted to take them.  However, after eating at Pequod's it will not be my go to place for friends visiting the city. Yes, it was good but it's not making my top three list of recommended pizzerias. I understand the idea of the signature carmelized cheese crust but it comes down to you either like it or not and I did not like it (too much crunch in a bite). In addition, there was an enormous amount of cheese on the pizza, one of the guys in the group loved that about it. My preference in pizza is one that has more sauce and toppings than cheese. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon around 4 and the place was packed, packed with families that is. I was a bit surprised by the amount of small children that were there since there is quite a large bar area upstairs and downstairs. We were escorted upstairs to a booth and I was happy there were three of us because had there been only two, we would have been sat in the middle of the room. It's an odd place for a table because the waiters and waitresses are scurrying down the aisles to bring food to the customers and take orders. We actually saw a couple leave because they were displeased with their seating arrangement. Our waitress was great but we kept getting appetizers and pizzas delivered to our table that we did not order so there had to be some kind of mix-up going on in the kitchen.Hands down the best deep dish in Chicago. And I will argue that till I die.Carmelized crust. Good balance of cheese. Great tasting sauce.I'll admit sometimes there can be too much bread, but often its made just right. Depends on the chef working perhaps?Also pequods has great ranch. My boyfriend and I love this place - I introduced him to it. We're going on 5 years - and he still loves it.Sometimes we will go in ad eat before we catch a movie. Mostly we order it in. It's definitely a cold weather food - we don't order much in the summer. Oh and it's open late! Order this pizza. But that's it. Nothing else on the menu is that good, but the pizza. I recommend pepperoni and garlic deep dish. You won't regret it.Pequod's night staff completely made up for the turd burglar who gave me bad service in the daytime. My friend and I were allowed to sit and eat at the bar when the restaurant was packed. Our pizza was baked in a flash, and the beers were cold and frequently poured. Places like this help restore my faith in Chicago.Pequod's pizza was quite possibly the biggest let down of a recent trip to Chicago. My host loves LOVES their pizza, and quite frankly, I've had better from a roach truck in downtown Los Angeles.They don't skimp on the toppings, that's one thing that is a positive I guess. But there is too much (bottom) crust, too much sauce, barely enough cheese, and not nearly enough flavor.We got a simple pepperoni pizza and I couldn't even taste the cheese. The crust was SO dry and bland that it almost brought me to tears. I love pizza, we're really good friends and after this experience (we got delivery) I was let down so incredibly much.If you're looking for a delicious Chicago style pizza, you're better off checking out SUPERIOR Chicago style pizza at PIZZERIA DUE. They actually put cheese on their pizza and along with a wine-sauce, it tastes AMAZING.Brutal honesty coming... I felt like pure SHIT after 2 slices of this pizza, I thought hey, maybe it gets better if you have more. WRONG. I'll keep my more personal notes to myself, but really, you won't want to eat this pizza because it was have some down right terrifying effects on your insides.Best pizza in the world! They carmelize the crust--delicious! I would come here on special occasions from Northbrook!Holy cow! If I could give this place more stars, I would. I stumbled across this pizza a few months ago. My friend was touting it as "world famous". I've lived here my whole life and had never heard of it that I could recall. Bottom line: It is a pan pizza with a ring of caramelized cheese [parmesan?] around the edges making this pizza really jump out and grab your tastebuds by the balls and yell, "EAT ME!!!!"I love Chicago pizzas like the thick crust at Aroma [off Broadway], and the pan and stuffed varieties from Lou Malnati's, Gino's East, Giordanno's and Connies. Pequod's is now my ultimate favorite! Thar she blows... speaking of the service, that is.I rarely give 1 star - maybe I am a little bitter because I was expecting so much from everyone's review of this place. Ok maybe it should be more like a 2 if they actually cooked our pizza thoroughly. We ordered a large deep dish with sausage, bell peppers and mushrooms. it came out with the famous caramelized crust, the bread dough was rawish  in the center, and bellpeppers and mushroom topping was not cooked and the pizza sauce was cold!We took most of it home, my poor husband got diarrhea later that night, so we just ended up tossing this out entirely.I'll start out by saying that I had Pequod's delivery instead of in situ. Hey--it's freakin' cold outside! The pizza arrived warm and still caramelized at the edges, the salad was well-chilled, and the garlic cheese bread arrived toasty.Working from most disappointing to favorite part of the meal, here goes:The garlic cheese bread was cheesy, but at two pieces, it didn't seem like much. I also could not taste any garlic at all. Out in the 'burbs, if you order garlic at most restaurants, you don't have to search for it in the food. Dunno if the city was misnamed a long time ago, but "place of the wild garlic" doesn't apply to most restaurants recipes downtown.The Pequod salad was very large (definitely enough for two people to share as a dinner salad). I don't usually like a lot of vegetables, but the dressing was just enough to mostly hide the flavor of the black olives from my tongue.There was plenty of pepperoni on top, and everything blended together well as far as taste.The pizza was tempting looking as it was thick, juicy, and covered with pepperoni as well. Couldn't even see the other ingredients (sausage and garlic). Now this time, Pequods did not disappoint with the garlic. It was visible, and could be tasted too. I would've preferred a little more, as the sauce is a bit sweet. Not too sweet, as some reviews state. The dough was just about the right thickness and consistency for a deep-ish dish pizza, and there was plenty of each of the ingredients. I didn't taste the caramelized edge as I was expecting...maybe it's an acquired taste, but I just didn't see it as a big plus. It added some flavor, but it was just kinda' crunchy and burnt...but then again, I like my toasted marshmallows golden, warm, and gooey, not black and flavorless. To each his own taste! (Or "Chacun de son gout," as the French would say.)All in all, a pretty good place for delivery. I think it would probably be even better brought warm and fresh right to your table from the oven, since the delivery took about an hour in the winter weather. If the result was this good, I can only imagine it to be better at Pequods proper.You know, I was skeptical about this caramelized cheese around the crust I kept hearing about, but I took my friend's advice and checked out Pequod's.  I have to say, I was totally impressed.All the tourist oriented pizza places I've ended up in Chicago.  Long lines, substandard food and high prices have been pretty depressing to me.  Pequod's had no wait, huge hdtvs everywhere and really goos pizza.  And the quality of their toppings was good too.Highly Recommended$6 imports. $4 domestics. Open til 2am. I think the waitress saw me drafting my review on my iPhone then proceeded to compliment my coat. Maybe that made the service better considering what I read about them on yelp already. A friend and I ordered a medium pan. spinach and sausage. it was amazing!!i think i would definitely go back here for the food. not so much for the service. it was meh. i have yet to try The Art of Pizza. i suggested it to my friend but she swore Pequods was way better. i guess ill be the judge of that when i finally go to The Art of Pizza. sounds like a good ol fashioned showdown. dun dun dun! youtube.com/watch?v=Mmdv…hahaha!To keep myself from being redundant with other reviews, Imma get down to the nitty gritty. Paired my small pan pizza w/ith a couple 312 brewskies. + caramelized crust.-it really is INCREDIBLE. even tastier the next day. super buttery and slightly chewy to complete the perfect crust+ ingredients are so fresh & I dig the choice of toppings        ** sausage - homemade, big cuts of peppery, savory meat :) mmm        ** canadian bacon- need I say more??         ** garlic- for extra kick         ** black olives, green and red peppers, mushrooms, onions, and basil. Thankfully, we were seated upstairs so it was pretty spacious and quiet. Our server could have been better. Think she was frazzled manning the upstairs room by herself.  I did get a free 312 since she made a mistake on the order. Pequods lived up to its hype. Most indubitably. I'll be checking out Morton Grove location with parentals real soon. Gotta get it. Good. Now try to say that three times fast. gotta get it good..Eh, not impressed with the pizza overall but loved their marinara sauce for the garlic bread.  We had both the stuffed crust and the thin crust.  Thin crust had WAY WAY WAY too much cheese on it.  I was literally eating cheese with a tiny piece of crust-not my style.Fun atmosphere, great staff and lots of tv's so a great place to meet to watch a game.  However, if you're going for really good Chicago pizza, stick w/LouMals. Not sure how ppl say this is the best deep dish they've ever had...different tastes I suppose.A friend recommended Pequod's to me when I put a plea out on facebook for the best pizza in Chicago.  Fun place, tasty pizza, I loved their "caramelized crust" that everyone raves about.  I would more describe it as, burnt in a good way.  I think we got some sort of supreme with veggies and meat.  They put a good amount of toppings on, which I love, I'm a toppings girl.  The pizza was filling, the salad was plain and simple and just what I like with my pizza.  We were eating pizza leftovers for days, worth it.We were seated promptly in the open-window restaurant.We ordered drinks. The mixed drinks were so-so.Food: Deep Dish sausage, black olive, & giardinera.The red sauce is sweet but tasty.Toppings are fresh and the sausage is awesome.The crust is fluffy and crisp all at the same time.The caramelized crust on the edge is fantastic.We were served by three different people.Servers were friendly and responded to our needs in a timely fashion.I recommend the deep dish here. I am not really a deep dish kind of girl, but this deep dish is a must.Bike parking out front.When my friend the lacto said it was worth her, um, "symptoms" to eat here, it only confirmed what I already knew.  Pequod's is the best pizza in chicago!  I haven't been to the redone location (after the fire) and my 5-star rating is based on the pizza alone.  My favorite includes olives, mushrooms and spinach, and lots of sauce.  The caramelized crust is incredible.  Go here.  Lactose intolerance is no excuse!My roommate has been telling me for months now that Pequod's is the best pizza in Chicago. The man should forever make my pizza eating decisions, as Pequod's was able to beat Gino's East as my favorite pizza in Chicago.The crust is what really sells me. It is crisp on the bottom with a bit of doughy satisfaction just above that. Then the sauce hits you with its full arsenal of flavor and tag teams your tounge with the other toppings that are generously arranged on top. For the cherry on top: that crispy, crunchy, not-burnt-but-also-a-little-burnt edge of the crust that gives this pizza a unique personality unlike anything else in Chicago. There are a lot of seats in this place but they all seemed to get full before we left on a Friday night, and I say if you have to wait on one of the benches conveniently located just outside the door the pizza you will soon enjoy will be worth your wait.The only complaint I have is that their beer list is a little short. However this is redeemed by being filled by microbrews (aside from the token Lite anyway) and pitchers are a welcomed option. Quality over quantity is an acceptable ideal for a beer list, so pour yourself a tasty pint of Dortmunder and get ready to try your new favorite Chicago pizza.Mmmmm, Pequod's, you never seem to fail me.The best deep dish pizza in Chicago you'll find. A bold and ballsy statement to make, I know, but there is no other place I'd turn to (except maybe Burt's Place in Morton Grove) for true, fresh, and delicious Chicago deep dish pizza.I came here last night for a work outing with nine other people, and Pequod's was extremely accommodating and attentive to our party. Our drinks were never empty and they were quick to take our order and brought the food out promptly after the excruciatingly long wait of 45 minutes for the pizza to bake.The pizza:The pizza here is always consistent and I've never experienced any flukes with their pizza. What makes this pizza so much better than Lou's, Unos, or Giordanos is their caramelized crust. Sure, it sounds weird, but trust me, it's what seals the deal with this pizza. It'll turn any non-crust eater into a believer.They offer a range of different toppings and you can build your own creations. Last night we went with one sausage, one pepperoni, and one "supreme" that had mushrooms, peppers, onions, sausage, pepperoni, and black olives. The supreme pizza was annihilated in a matter of minutes, which I chalked up to be due to the extremely fresh and plentiful ingredients that they pile on. I feel that it's worth mentioning that their sausage here isn't the disgusting "sausage patty" that lines the pizza, much like what they do at other pizza places. It's real sausage that is in silver dollar sized pieces sprinkled over the pizza.The atmosphere:Kind of loud and typical of any pizza joint. They have two floors so the restaurant is a lot bigger than it appears from the street.The service:They were attentive and fast, as I previously mentioned, but they weren't all that friendly. If anything there is room for improvement here.If you haven't been to Pequods, it's definitely worth checking out to get a taste of their unique take on the crust. Also, it's rarely ever "packed" and you won't face a 1-3 hour wait like many of the other pizza places in town. Once you try this, I guarantee you won't be going back to Unos/Due/Lous anytime soon.Pizza - 4 starsService - 1 starsThe pizza is good.The staff is rude and needs to learn basic customer service. Maybe it's just bad because of temporary staff home from college or visiting from Ireland for the summer, but they are bad. When I order a pizza to pick up and you tell me a half hour. I will be there in about a half hour, expecting it to be ready to go. Instead, I get there a half hour later and a host tells me that it will be at least 10 more minutes.You told me a half hour. I got there in a half hour and waited 15 minutes in the restaurant. This is your error. While you are making me wait, you could offer me a drink. Instead, when I asked, a server told the hostess, you can get him a can of pop. Then she asked me to pay for it!!! I'm not going to pay for a can of pop while I wait 15 minutes for my pizza, because you screwed up. This is very basic customer service. If you screw up, you take care of the customer. I will not be back any time soon after this. Maybe after the summer when temporary staff goes back to their respective high school/country of origin.(Morton Grove location:) Seems like a typical pizza dive joint - perfect for when you don't care what you look like and want to eat out.  I actually felt like I was back in a pub in my hometown in BFE.  The whale motif was actually kind of cool (different), even though I didn't get the Moby Dick reference until I looked it up on Wikipedia afterwards. We ordered garlic bread, which was crunchy enough to my liking, followed by a small pan pizza (I know other reviews mention deep dish, but this reminded me more of the Pizza Hut pan pizza).  The menu said the dark edges of the crust were the caramelized cheese, which sounds fantastic, but ours must have come out too burnt.  It was so black that it lost that wonderful 'burnt cheese' taste that I like.  But the black crust was my only complaint.  The sauce was rich, and there was a perfect amount of dough, cheese, and sauce.  The dough was a bit crunchy, just how I like it. I was pleasantly stuffed with a small pan pizza split between two people.  Definitely worth the stop if you lika-the-pizza.Edit: This place gets better every time I visit - I'm definitely now sold that this is some of the best deep dish on the planet (at least when your pizza comes out perfectly caramelized)!Seriously good pizza.  Burnt, caramelized crust.Tomato sauce on top.If Rachel Ray ate there she'd say it was "yum-o".Definitely worth a trip.The one thing they're lacking is an outdoor patio.This is the most unique, best pizza in the city hands down.  You know, we all have those nights when we are hungry, drunk, or bored, and think, why not put a frozen pizza in the oven, and let the crust burn, and eat it.Now you dont have to do that, just order Peaquods.  Somehow this burnt crust makes the pizza amazing, and the rest aint bad either.  We usually order food, but with the upstairs redone, it is not a bad place to eat and watch some games.Pequod's pizza is right up there as one of my favorite pizzas. The sauce is sweet, but not overly sweet and there's the right amount of cheese. Not too much... not too little. For some strange reason I am not a fan of pizza w/ a crapload of cheese. I like my pizza slightly well done and the price isn't too bad. Dammit.. now I want pizza. Only 4 stars due to lack of parking... street parking sucks.I found this spot shortly after I moved to the city and I love it!  #1 Reason I gave Pequod's 5 stars instead of 4:  Great pizza isn't hard to find in Chicago but it's the atmosphere at Pequod's that keeps me coming back.  The interior is a laid-back pub/dive bar and the music is a mix of 80s & 90s rock (like many restaurants) BUT Pequod's takes it a step further and plays the corresponding music videos on the tvs throughout the restaurant!  It's hilarious and wildly entertaining and reason enough for me to keep coming here rather than somewhere else. Haha, now that aside, on to the food:  Contrary to what one other reviewer had said I think the sauce is EXCELLENT and flavorful and you can smell it from outside the restaurant.  I suppose it is all a matter of personal opinion but I love that their pizza is more of a cross between deep-dish and pan which leaves room for more sauce, toppings and cheese than the usual 2" thick deep-dish crust .  I might also add that the Pequod's salad is very delicious if you're looking for somewhat lighter fare.  My parents demand we go to Pequod's every time they visit now!MMMMM sweet sasafrass this pizza is damn good!!!!  Good bless Pequods.  I really do love pizza (who doesn't really, maybe people who like to kick puppies)....and Pequods is fan-freaking-tastic.  To each his/her own, and I know not everyone loves this place, but I know FAR more people that do love Pequods and drool at the though of it as I do.  I typically order just a basic pepperoni pizza and find myself drifting off into a happy  place as I eat it....oozing with cheesy gooeyness, just the right kind of crust with the right thickness.  5 Stars.How do I put this politely without offending midwesterners?  I strongly disklike, hate is such a tough word, thick crusted pizzas.  There I said it.  To me, there's something a little unnatural about eating your pizza with a fork and knife.  Give me a NY slice that you have to fold in half and I'm a happy camper.However, with that said, Pequods is good for a pan pizza.  After hearing much hype about the food, a group of us (half who had been and half who were virgins) decided to go for lunch.  I knew what I was getting myself into, but I'm convinced that there is a Chicago style pizza place out there that will convert me from my dislike for deep dish or pan pizza.  Pequod's came close, but not enough to convert me.Pequod's has a fabulous lunch special.  For only $4.95 you get a 7" personal pizza with one topping plus a beer or soda.  Mind you that 7" is enough to feed 2 and for that price you really can't go wrong.  There was a great variety of toppings and everything was very tasty.  As everyone raves about the caramalized crust is quite delish, but let's be honest....it's over cooked cheese.  Overall, Pequod's to me is like a Vegas vacation - Once a year is great, but more than one trip may be a little much.Ok, so I lied -- this is now my final update.  Pequod's, we Love your pizza, both thin crust and pan, with a capital L.  Pequod's, we Hate that you screw up our order every single damn time.  We stopped ordering for a long while since my last update, but gave in because we missed your pizza so much.  Damned if you didn't go and screw it all up again tonight, now for maybe the last time.  Seriously -- pizza is not like building the space shuttle, nor should be running your business after all this time, but apparently it is.  We're back up to 5 or so times in a row of the order being wrong, so it looks like we're going to have to find a new place for pizza.  Thanks.Some tips:  make adjustments in your POS so the notes are clear to the kitchen; if the kitchen can't read tickets make sure you teach them; have your phone order takers read the order back to us to clarify; and lastly, don't even try to argue with us or blame us if the order is incorrect.  We know what we ordered because we know what we like to eat.Jeez, Pequod's, really.  Get it together.Pequod's has definitely become one of my favorite deep dish places in town.  I hear people complain about the thin crust, which I've never tried because the deep dish is so good.  The beer selection was ok, but I'm getting tired of Fat Tire, 312, and Anchor being the only Miller/Bud/Coors alternative in town.The place can be packed at times, but usually the wait isn't long - especially with the upstairs area.  The staff is always friendly and even lets you order a deep dish pizza if you are waiting.Parking though - is a pain.  A big one.  I guess that goes for most places in the neighborhood.I can't say anything that hasn't been said a million times on Yelp about Pequod's already.  Quite honestly, my favorite pan pizza in Chicago.  The crust is perfectly thick.  The sausage is my FAVORITE.  I'm quite leary about italian sausage in Chicago.  The "layer of sausage" at a certain pizza joint favored by concierge's all over the city that will remain nameless made me violently ill once.  Since then I am extremely picky about the sausage.Pequod's sausage is perfect.  Perfect seasoning with a slight twinge of fennel along with perfectly sized chunks.I always ask for my pie well done.  This makes the generous layer of pepperoni on top a little bit crispy.And I won't even talk about he carmelized cheese.  Its my favorite part.Pequods for life!The pan pizza is a must with caramelized crust!!!! One piece is plenty as well. Atmosphere is friendly and comfy. There was an overwhelming pine sol scent in the restaurant, but at least the place is clean. Semi open kitchen and clean bathrooms a major +. Street parking relatively easy and non metered.  Pizza delivered doesn't lose any quality either.****And there is a M-F 11-3pm special for a 7 inch pan with one topping+cheese and a pop or tap beer for $4.95!!!!!  Crazy deal, missed it by an hour, oh well, hope you can make it!!****The first time we went there was for lunch.  We split a small pizza and it was pretty good.  We sat by the window and it was fine.The next time we went there it was a weekend.  We had a party of eight.  I made reservations in advance.  We ended up at two tall round bar tables on bar stools upstairs under a television. It felt like a sports bar.  We split three pizzas.  The one I tried was a deep dish pizza with vegetables on it.  I thought it was too bready.  I liked the salad and the appetizers well enough though.  Not so much the atmosphere or the pizza.  The only versions of deep dish that have really left me wanting more have been from Bacino's and Calo's.If you haven't ever eaten at Pequod's, you are really missing out on what I consider the best deep dish in Chicago. I've gotten their pizza delivered as well, and it is definitely better in person. This is always on my recommendations list for out of towners looking for suggested places to eat.My buddy got me into getting a sausage and giardiniera pizza and it is surprisingly really tasty. Their sausage is among the best I've ever tasted on a pizza and the carmelized crust is good enough to convert any of you non-crust-eaters out there. I would say that their pizzas taste better if you don't over do it on the ingredients, so don't go overboard on your toppings. Best go hungry because two pieces will really fill you up.This place can get pretty packed at times, but they've got friendly service and kick ass pizza. Go get some!Not much else to say about this place that hasn't been said.  Amongst the best pizzas (and deep dish) in Chicago, and certainly the best crust.My only caution:  coming here with large groups, or really any group of more than two, takes forever.  Almost all the tables are for parties of 2.  I waited 90 minutes past my reservation time once for a table for 3 to open. Love the customer service!  Ordered a pan carry out once, took it all the way home before we realized it was thin crust.  We were disappointed -- this is our go to place for deep dish -- but the manager called me personally in less than 24 hours and comped us our original order after I wrote.This is the kind of food and customer service that engenders loyalty!Yes this is really 'as good as it gets' for deep dish pizza in Chicago. I've tried Giardinos, Gino's, and Lou Malnati's, and this DePaul suburban establishment definitely takes the crown as BEST. This place is a no brainer and all you need are a set of taste buds to realize this is great pizza. The ingredients are phenomenally fresh and toppings are generous. Flavorful homemade marinara sauce and a buttery soft crust, make this a very well rounded pizza.Pequods is definitely the place to be and is worth the quick trip on the loop to Lincoln Park. Can't wait to visit again soon!I've been eating Pequod's for years now, and it is still my favorite deep dish pizza.  As others have said, the caramelized crust is so so delicious.  I love everything about the pizza--the crust, the cheese, the sauce, etc.  I usually order cheese and mushroom, and it never fails.  I must worn you, though, it takes a while for delivery (as does any deep dish pie delivery), and the bottom of the crust can get somewhat soggy after the travel.  I recommend going in to eat.  The inside is nice since the post-fire remodeling a couple of years ago.One last thing...try the fried zucchini.  It's homemade, and dipping it into their ranch dressing sends me into euphoria.LOVE THIS PLACE!!!By far my favorite Chicago deep dish pizza. I didn't really feel like eating pizza but my out-of-town guest couldn't leave Chicago without trying the deep dish. We were gonna go to another more famous Chicago joint but Pequod's was highly recommended.Everything was perfect including the atmosphere. There was no wait and the service was great. The pizza had the perfect ratio of bread, cheese, sauce and toppings. Oh and the caramelized crust was soooo yummy!!! I'm definatly coming backThis. Pizza is supposed to be like this.  "Stick to your ribs, perfect ratio of sauce to cheese to toppings, you can't eat more than a slice or two without immediately slipping into food coma" pizza.  This review is like a year late, but I just recently recommended Pequod's to a friend visiting the fair city and realized I hadn't recommended it to Yelp yet.  Pequod's pizza and a few beers were the perfect antidote to the Chicago Half Marathon.  And even with 12 months passing, I still have not forgotten the crisp, buttery crust and the thick, hot stuffing of Pequod's pizzas.  My mom will kill me for saying this, but this place is a reason I would move back home.Straight away I should say I've never had deep dish pizza before so can't compare this with anything, but we loved our meal!We were in town for only a few days and having some deep dish was on our must do list. Did some googling and yelping and Pequod's got some fine reviews; we figured it was worth the trek out from the downtown loop. Indeed it was! Taking our server's advice, my husband and I split a small pan pizza. We were expecting it to be a grease-bomb (in a good way of course) so were pleasantly surprised to find it not so. Could have been our toppings chosen: sausage, onion, fresh tomato & garlic (best combo btw). We were def full, in fact I couldn't finish my second piece; luckily my husband was more than happy to. One thing we noticed... Most people don't seem to finish, which isn't terribly surprising, but they make a big mistake by not even touching the crust -- it's almost the best part!! It's got some kind of caramelised cheese thing going on there -- amazing!! If you cant finish a whole piece of pizza (no shame in that) make sure you eat from side to side, rather than tip to crust, otherwise you will miss out!!!I'm thinking our meal came to $25 bucks, including 2 bottles of rootbeer. Great value.By far the best pizza that is not Malnati's or Uno, for obvious reasons. The pure idea that pequods has awesome, amazing pizza with huge chunks of meat and vegetables and cheese that oozes out says tons. AND they are open till 2 am everyday of the week, which means when you get off work and are starving or you get out of the bar and are starving, you can call hand have them deliver to you!!It may take an hour for the delivery but its well worth it.Their carmelized deep dish crust is absolutely to die for.Definetly cell phone worthyAs a New Yorker, I am obviously biased (or just a better judge?) but for what I consider more "pie" than "pizza", the carmelized crust does taste pretty damn good. The sauce is also better than at other places. The rest if par for Chicago's overcompensation of cheese (use what you got, right?) and day-old-tasting crust. Let the NY-bashing begin!Seriously, though, PM me if you're ever on your way to Brookly, and I'll give you 4 places that DEFINE pizza!Best deep dish pizza in Chicago, hands down.  As a Chicagoan I'm well aware of the fact that everyone's favorite pizza place is the best and to say otherwise is fighting words, but Peqod's pizza is really spectacular.  I am a regular fixture at the restaurant, eating there on almost a weekly basis, and the food is consistently good.  The best part is of course their trademark caramelized crust.  I've only ordered the pizza delivery a few times and can say that while its still good, you're much better off going to the restaurant and eating it fresh from the oven.  Like most deep dish it will fill you up quickly and a small is more then enough for two people.   After a kitchen fire a few years ago the interior of the restaurant got a revamp, so it no longer has the classic Chicago pizza parlor feel, but the atmosphere is still nice, and the restaurant is clean.  The restaurant is deceptively large with a second story with a full service bar, though I personally prefer eating on the ground floor.  The wait staff has all been working there for years and is friendly and courteous.  Service is also always prompt with multiple servers and staff members taking care of you during your meal.Really good pizza.  We started with a (very deep-fried) appetizer combo and then two small deep dish:  a garlic, basil, pepperoni and a sausage, mushroom and green olive. Very good and plenty for 4 people (two of whom are know for their ability to tuck away the pizza).I'm not going to weigh in on some kind of "best chicago style pizza" debate, but it really hit the spot.  The ambiance was also very pleasant and the server was attentive.  Five stars in the cosmic scheme of things?  No.  Five stars in the universe of pizza joints?  Absolutely.Parking absolutely sucks.Best deep dish in Chicago, seriously.  Everyone always talks about Lou's, Uno, and Giordano's, but Pequod's is the sleeper pizza of the city.  I must admit I liked the actual restaurant before it burnt down years ago, but the pizza never skips a beat.  Caramelized crust deep dish loaded with fresh sausage, oh yeah.  Before the fire, the dining room always had some metal/rock chosen by the bartenders playing.  Now they just play boring vanilla classic rock, and there's a mural of some lord of the rings BS is the bathroom.  Just miss the old rocker vibe of this place.Aside from that gripe, this place is the best.  The owner is always there making sure everybody is happy and it's run like a well oiled machine.  Plus they play all the Hawks games during hockey season!This is, by far, the best pan pizza in Chicago! We enjoy coming here and love that the kitchen is open late! Keep up the good work!Like any other normal American visiting Chicago, I wanted some pizza. I wanted some good pizza. I wanted what the locals eat, and I wanted a lot of it. This is my experience at Pequod's... it's a bit of a read, but it should give an idea of what you can expect. Hey, I don't eff around with Yelp reviews like other goons who say, "Mm. Tasty. Go here." and call it a review... nuh-uh. Here's a tale, my friends...First of all, if it weren't for the big fat five star rating above this review, you'd probably think I absolutely hated Pequod's until the end of it. On a Saturday night at around 7:30 or so, I came with a party of four and made a reservation: "Your wait will be about forty-five minutes to an hour." After walking back outside and seeing about twenty people sitting around, I knew that was probably a lie, but whatever. I'll wait.Forty-five minutes go by and I decide it'd be best to order my pizza before getting our table -- done and done: a large pan pizza with sausage and pepperoni. Another twenty minutes later, I go back in after noticing a party of six that got there way after us got a table. I was about to freak my shit, but then I figured they had a reservation. Still, a little while longer, there was a group of four that got to Pequod's soon after we did that got seated. At that point, I went inside and asked how much longer, and they said "There are about four tables in front of you, so maybe about twenty minutes?" I was so hungry at this point that I wasn't even mad ... and I get mega cranky when I'm hungry. After walking outside and telling my group that the wait would be even *longer*, they started walking away. After they got about a block away (I was still in line. No way in hell was I going to just leave after already waiting over an hour), we got buzzed in. Fucking FINALLY. I assume that the reservation people dun goofed their shit and overlooked my party, and got us a table ASAP before we left.We got sat down in the far back corner in the right of the restaurant, which worked well with me. Pequod's is a pretty tiny place, so being away from all the elbows is probably for the best. To get some food in our stomachs, we got the mozerella sticks, which were said to be a "must buy" from some reviewers here. I will say, I would definitely agree with that had the cheese been more melted. The breading on them is great, and the marinara dipping sauce is perfect.After about ten to fifteen minutes of MORE waiting, our pre-ordered pizza came. What a work of art. Huge pieces of sausage basically gave the equivalent of one full link per slice, and there was a generous amount of pepperoni. Pequod's doesn't skimp like some other places -- there's nothing worse than paying over $2 for an additional topping and getting only a few pieces.This may be the best pizza I've ever had... as good as the toppings and sauce were, the crust truly makes Pequod's stand out. Chewy, crispy, burnt (well, they call it caramelized)... damn, I could eat this just about any day. It's rare that I, or anybody that I talk to, can excuse such an excessive wait time no matter how awesome the food is, but this is an exception.Altogether, I probably waited about 90 minutes until I got in and ate my pizza. If I hadn't ordered my pizza beforehand, it would probably have been two full hours. In the future, I'll *have* to call ahead and make a reservation, because as unbelievably delicious as this pizza is, I have a hard time waiting over an hour at a restaurant.Pequod's doesn't exactly have what many people associate as "deep dish", "Chicago-style" pizza, but it does have an unreal pan pizza that will satisfy your tastebuds... legendary.Wow, where do I start. My fiancé is from Chicago so a big fan of deep dish, I however am, err was not. I love me some thin crispy crust pizza, and he has tried many places in order to get me to fall in love with deep dish. no love for me, until.....Pequods. My life will never be her same. Pequods deep dish is not too saucy, and very cheesy. The cheese is baked to a crispy brown and carmelized on top, not too much bread. They have the best balance of ingredients that will make your mouth water until the last bite. I can't go here anymore, it just isn't a healthy relationship for me to have...but so hard to resist.Get here now. There may be a wait, and it's worth it.Some people just don't like caramelized cheese. I've been to Pequod's more than just a couple times, and I have to say, I'm a fan of the caramelized cheese concept. SOMETIMES I've had them burn the cheese, but in general, "caramelized" doesn't mean "burnt."The toppings, sauce, and cheese are very good. This pizza isn't really good the next day, though... Eat what you order before it gets cold. Surprisingly, though... I don't really see Pequod's Pizza as the type of food I can eat a lot of. I mean, I can eat a lot of Edwardo's, or any other regular-style pizza... But eventually, eating Pequod's Pizza just makes my mouth hurt.I love the idea that they're a bar/restaurant that's open until 2AM WITHOUT CLOSING THE KITCHEN. It really upsets me when you can't get a burger (or pizza) around closing time to save your life. Sometimes you need a little food to absorb all that drink.Pequod's has a cult-like following. If you can look past the charring on the caramelized cheese, you'll get sucked in too.My friends living in Chicago all recommended Pequod's as the best chicago deep dish out there and when I tried it, I ended up ordering 2 more pie's for my drive back to St. Louis so that I could eat it back there. And I've got to say, after heating it back up and eating it in St. Louis, it is still really good. Not as good as when it's fresh but still very good. I got the pepperoni deep dish pizza which with the combination of the cheese is terrific.One of my coworkers was going to visit Chicago from St. Louis and was driving up with his family and wanted to know some good places to see and restaurants to eat at there. I told him a bunch of good places but he cut me off and wanted to know a good deep dish pizza place first. So I told him Pequod's and then gave him my list of other good restaurants. Well. He got there on Friday night with his family and went straight to Pequod's for dinner. They absolutely loved the deep dish pizza and every single one of their meals after, they ate at Pequod's. They completely ignored my other restaurant lists and just went to Pequod's. On Sunday, they ate there at lunch and ordered 4 more deep dishes to go to bring back to St. Louis. One for me for telling them about this place and 3 more for food for the rest of the week.The caramelized crust is a layer of burnt cheese around the edges of the pie and provides an amazing, unforgettable flavor (think of burnt cheese on baked ziti) with a crunchy/chewy texture.  The crust (dough part) itself is buttery, slightly chewy, but also a bit crunchy.  Delicious.  Additionally, this deep dish pie provides a better balance of cheese and toppings to crust - about 60/40 crust to topping, which is different from the normal 30/70 crust to topping ratio you see at other places.  In short, tasty and filling, but not overwhelming.I like this place better than Lou Malnati's, Giordano's, and Gino's East.  Definitely a must try if you are in the market for an amazing deep dish pie.Pictures / reviews here:  thegluttonousjd.com/2011…Came out to Pequod's for a long overdue date night with the Mrs.  It had been a long time since I last visited and they haven't changed one bit.  We arrived around 7pm on a Saturday and we were told we had a 10-15 minute wait.  We were seated in less than 5.  Our waitress was great - always making sure we were taken care of.  We ordered a non-deep dish pizza (a crime at Pequods, I know) and it came out rather quickly.  Everything was great and we'll return soon!Love the pizza. Carmelized Crust.... DUH. Two slices leave me comatosed.Love the choice of beer.I like to hit pequods Monday- Weds.Less of a crowd and wait.PS you can call in and have it start before you get there.The only issue I had was I didn't feel like my server was very attentive. She was dancing and talking about music videos with the hostess.I'm NEEDY sometimes!This pizza just oozes and oozes cheese, which is great!  Even better is the burnt, crispy cheese bits around the edges of the crust.  Speaking of the crust - it was buttery, thick without being too thick, delicious!I was able to get  a piece of every ingredient (ground beef, mushrooms & spinach).  I was stuffed after 2 slices (without eating the side crust).Simply yummy.I have been coming here for the last several years, it's a great deal for lunch, a personalized pan pizza and a drink for 4.95.I know that it takes at least 20 mins to prepare a pizza, especially at lunch, so I call my order in ahead of time, knowing what I want.  After years of eating  the pan pizza here, I wanted to try the thin crust pizza, so I ordered a thin 12" sausage (also knowing there would be leftovers) and my wife ordered her usual lunch special, the pan, spinach pizza.We arrive within 15 mins, the food does not get to our table for another 20 mins, first time this has ever happened ..(was my order put in when I called?  I don't think so.)My wife's Pizza was it's usual fine self, good crust and all that as you can see from other reviews, this time not enough caramelized crust though in my opinion.What they pass off as thin crust pizza is not thin crust at all. They should just call it their regular pizza, lots of dough, too much for me to be called thin crust, it was OK, not what  I expected though.The server, who I  have seen there on many visits was busy.  She got some help from some of the male staff that were just looking for something to do.  Part of my wife's deal was a drink with her pizza, but the charge for refills was not explained, might have been on the menu, but we ordered on the phone), OK I guess, but the waitress asked my wife if she wanted some more diet coke, the glass was 1/4 full grabbed the glass refilled it and charged us 2.50 for that!  The manager took the 2.50 off the tab, which was about the tip for the meal anyway...(little less)  Bottom line: They need more staff for lunch service, explain charges, make a thin crust pizza, rename what you now call thin crust to regular pizza. It really reminded me of Chucky Cheese, which is sad.I will come back, but it is going to be at least 6 months or more for me.I need to give this place a rest.On the plane coming from Orange County, CA to Chicago a man recommended this place to me. My friend I was staying with happened to live a block away so we checked it out. I'm so glad we did. Pequods pizza out of all the pizza places I tried while I was in Chicago was the best hands down. What made it so fucking good was that there pepperoni had a nice quality feel to it and sauce was incredible. But the real kick in the teeth was the caramelization at the end of the piece of pizza. That was like the desert. I cant even begin to explain how good that was. It was so good that we went 2 days in a row to Pequods. I also learned that you can ask for extra caramelization so when I come back to Chi town you can find me in Pequads drinking a ice cold pale ale. CHEERSI asked the waitress if the logo is a whale with a thong on it's head.  She said yes.Other than the great logo, this place has great pizzas.  I don't know if they are the best, but Pequod's is really good!I like their thin crust, but I LOVE their deep dish for the carmelized crust.  Seriously, can I just order some of that?Lately they've been taking a very long time to deliver and on at least one occasion delivered our pizza barely warm and with the ingredients clumped all in one section rather than spread out across the pizza.  -2 stars for that.Wow, AWESOME.This place catapulted to the top of my "favorite pizza in Chicago, and consequently, the world" list with my inaugural visit there last weekend.  Sauce is great.  Crust is great.  Toppings are great.  Setting is great (Painting of GANDALF in the bathroom?!  Saying "You Shall Not Piss!"?  Awesome!).I cannot say anything else that hasn't been said about it.  Just go.  Take the bus, take your car, take a taxi... it's worth it!This is my favorite deep dish pizza in Chicago. I usually just stick with the standard pepperoni and they load it up with toppings. The dough is fluffy and all the ingredients are high quality. Great atmosphere if you dine in and they have a really large delivery zone. I live in the south loop and they typically get my pizza to me within an hour. Def a must try, you'll love them.I thought this place was LA BOMBA!Cozy, comfortable interior, we sat at the bar table right by the window.  The service was attentive despite some other comments on here saying it isn't.Pizza was delicious and a good value.  A small is plenty for two, and even with three toppings it was only $15.  The ingredients are super fresh and they don't go too heavy on the dough or oil.  Sodas are in those huge glasses and they'll refill them for free.And yes, the best part is that crispy charred cheese crust.  Don't be afraid, black is good.After eating at The Art of Pizza and hating their deep dish, I was VERY skeptical. I wondered why people from Chicago subject themselves to these doughy monstrosities they call "pizza." Didn't they know that better exists? Oh but they do and its called Pequods. And it is AMAZING! It is light and crunchy and the caramelized crust is heaven. I ordered a small thin crust for myself because I was so afraid of the deep dish. But alas all I did was eat deep dish because it was like a drug. Eat here, love it. Tip: it takes about 40 mins to make the pizza, but you can call ahead for dine in or take out.This review is for the delivery service only.  Usually I have had Pequod's at the restaurant - pan pizza is superior to their thin crust which I find pretty bland.We wanted to order pizza delivery last night but didn't want to go with our normal "Lou Malnati's" so tried this out.Delivery took an hour - no major deal but when we got our pizza, paid, tipped 20% and opened our box, our pizza looked, well.....sloppy and messy!The taste was ok, but there was too much sauce and I think the cook ended up lazily slapping it into the box since ingredients were spewed all over the box, spilling over the crust.  Our pizza was deformed!  As previously stated, the taste was fine - lukewarm but not stone cold so we can deal with that...you can't expect piping hot pizza with delivery so no complaints there.  We just wish the pizza was a bit more appealing visually and didn't look like someone threw up in the box!I have mixed feelings about Pequods.  Every now and then I have a hankering for the caramelized crust on their pizzas, and that's a high compliment coming from someone who normally dislikes pizza crust.  The meats they use are exceptionally spicy.  Their pies are very good when they are fresh from the oven, but somehow as they cool down they become kinda dry & doughy in the middle - a bit too bread-y, as Brandon H points out.  I generally like leftover pizza almost as much as I like fresh, but have never been terribly happy with re-heated Pequods.I would recommend dine-in over carry out, Pequods' dining space is fairly pleasant, and I've found the carry-out exprience to be a bit messy, last time I ordered out I almost ruined a pair of pants when pizza grease started flowing freely out of the carryout box.  Ick.Great Pan pizza, I agree with Steve R, the thin crust is pretty weak-needed more sauce in my opinion, and think crusts should be crispy not doughy, they should call it hand tossed not thin crust, I would definately go back for the pan if was in the neighborhood!our service was pretty good...can't complain about that...Believe the hype about the caramelized crust. It looks burnt but it tastes way awesome. I was imagining how good this was going to be. When the pizza FINALLY came, I took a few quick pics and then I started DEVOURING the sausage and pepperoni one. Half way through the slice I realized, I wanted to save space for the crust. BIZARRO!!! Save space in my tummy for the crust?!??!?! Yes, it was awesome. I think I can just cut the crust off the entire pizza and eat the crust wheel.We had one large pepperoni and sausage, one large pepperoni, and one large Canadian bacon and mushrooms. The pepperoni and sausage was awesome. The sausage was delicious and flavorful. The pepperoni was nice and crispy. The Canadian bacon wasn't flavorful enough to hold up to the thick dough. While the crust on the edges was awesome, the dough on bottom was too thick. If it were half the thickness it would have been perfect.Hmm, I liked it but didn't love it! After reading all the great reviews I was prepared to put this pie on my list of Chicago faves...but not so much.We were quickly seated in the middle of the room. The place is cute enough, just like a neighborhood bar that serves pizza. The beer selection is decent, and the service was prompt and friendly.The pizza came out relatively quickly, considering we got the pan pizza. Now I can appreciate the caramelized (burnt-ish) crust, but I just didn't love it, like I say. I really didn't care for the sauce all that much either. I typically prefer a more fresh, tomatoey sauce (like Lou Malnati's) rather than this sauce which seemed overcooked and tomato paste-y....just not my preference.Anyway, we ordered way too big of a pie, and server put in a styrofoam clamshell thingy to go (a bag would have been nice...maybe I should have asked for one and they could have set me up, but I didn't). The thing was cumbersome to carry around as we walked back to the El...so much so that we were sick of carrying it, so we left it on top of the Red Eye box outside the Apple store (if anyone wants to see if it's still there, there's 3 large slices left...).Perhaps I would go back if I was in the area and had a hankerin' for pizza, but I don't see myself making a special trip.Great casual neighborhood joint, I love sitting at the tables up front when we can get them, tasty pizza, good service, everyone's friendly.  We usually get the thin crust pizza, which trust me, is a substantial tasty crust, and get half/half of different toppings, since I love everything on it, but the others don't like mushrooms or onions.We ordered Pequod's pizza delivery last night on a whim.  It was so delicious that I didn't even mind the almost 2 hour wait!  They have this amazing ring of burnt cheese around the edge that looks ugly, but tastes devine.  I had canadian bacon and pineapple which was so messy and yummy.  And this is coming from someone who usually prefers thin crust pizza!  The only downside is that this place is expensive for pizza.  But whatever, it's cheaper than what I would normally pay for dinner, and i ate it in my pajamas sprawled out watching the travel channel!Pretty good, I cant give it a five because I know art of pizza exisits and I love it, love it.But I liked this brunt cheese theory.  My pizza was pretty cold when it was delievered though, required a quick micro zap.  The mushrooms were good those, great quality. The crust was eh.  So basically the burnt cheese made this thing.I am not to sure what the obsession over Pequods is. Its all right. The crust is ok. The rest of the pizza is ok. The service is ok. Wait time for tables is below average. Parking is just plain awful. I want to be impressed with you Pequods, I do. You are like a really attractive person with a bad personality. I want to love you, but once you get past the face, it just goes downhill. Unfortunate!Sports bar pizzeria1. Sad to read about the owner's daughter passing away from cancer. She looked like a lovely young woman. I'm humbled by how they took such a tragedy and turned it into a positive by creating a scholarship fund in her name. If the place was crap, I'd still support it just by this utilitarian virtue. 2. FoodBruchetta- pretty pricey. My friends from NYC apparently loved it. I thought it was too salty and the basil was wilted. But in their weekend here we went to Pequod's *twice* and they got the bruchetta each time. PizzaI don't dig chicago style deep dish, especially the dough-cheese-soggy dough-sauce technique. Thank god pequod's doesn't do this, they do thick dough, *scant* cheese (I had a plain cheese and was struggling to find any cheese), and copious sauce. That caramelized crust is ridiculously good and their trademark. And it is simply the *thickest* dough base I've ever come across, it's almost too thick dare I say. In the end, I'm still used to the non-Chicago, dough-sauce-cheese style. I wonder if I can get my next pan pizza like that. I'll be bringing my parents here when they come visit.From the outside the place doesn't look very appealing. However, the inside is very nice. Has the sports bar feeling. Garlic cheese bread was awesome! Soft and flavorful. Their fries look similar to McDonald's fries, but taste much better. The pan pizza with the caramelized crust was unbelievable! The sauce and cheese meshes well together on top of the bread. Additionally, I love how the bottom of the bread is seasoned and juicy. My wife really enjoys the thin crust pizza. However, I still prefer the pan pizza.My favorite toppings are sausage, pepperoni, and basil. I'm craving their pizza as I write this review.They are open until 2am so its a great late night spot. Also, if you order their garlic cheesy bread make sure to order marinara sauce as it doesn't come with the dish.  Pequod's pizza is a true taste of Chicago pizza!As a Chicago native, I've tried just about all the mainstream pizza this city has to offer and Pequod's is definitely high on the list.  Luckily they are close by and in delivery range, otherwise, it might could be a trek depending on where you live (although I think they have an outpost in the northern burbs).  I always order a deep dish with garlic with some randomn combination of veggies.  I do notice the pizza seems a little bland w/o the garlic, imo.  Not to heavy on the cheese, which makes this pizza a little lighter than most deep dish, and as many have mentioned before, the caramelized crust is really delicious and unique to Pequod's - they have it down pat!If your hankerin' for some chi-town pizza, give Pequod's a go!I went here based on yelp reviews. This is the worst pizza I have ever had. It was so bad I declined to take home the 2/3rd left over pizza. I would have preferred a frozen pizza. I had great expectations and left hungry and disappointed. The deep dish is all crust and very little cheese and toppings. I live a couple of blocks away from this place and was hoping for a good pizza joint walking distance from my house. If it was even close to okay I would be a regular. Maybe the thin crust is better. I should have listened to a friend of mine who always told me its not all that good. Just to be fair I won't mention the pizza places I like. Most of the time I would give a place another try. In this case I will pass.BEWARE!!! They use the term "Deep Dish" but it is in fact only a Pan Pizza. Deep Dish is an entirely different pizza and what we thought we were buying. We asked if it was Deep Dish and not just Pan Pizza and were given the affirmative that it was Deep Dish. OK, so disappointment aside, how does it rate? Crust too thick and dry. Minimal cheese put on top of that and then the sauce. It needs the sauce on the crust to help it out. Ingredients on top of sauce. Sauce was good. Not going to recommend this though because we've had much better Pan Pizza from Pizza Hut!I had friends in town for the weekend, and of course they requested deep dish pizza on their visit.  I'd never been to Pequod's, but I'd heard great things and decided to give it a shot.  I'm so glad we did!  We reserved a table on their website ahead of time, so we walked right in.  The hostess seemed like she'd rather be doing just about anything else, but our waitress was super nice and friendly.  Onto the pizza itself: I know there's a lot of personal preference here, but I loved it.  The other deep dish places I've been to have way too much cheese on their pies for my taste.  Pequod's is heavy on the bread and sauce, which I love.  We also got the Pequod's salad to share, which was good (especially with the homemade dressings).  Deep dish is more of an occasional treat than an all the time thing for me, but the next time I have it, I'll be coming back to Pequod's.I must add my two cents...I enjoy the cheese on my pizza to be what most would consider burned...I prefer to call it toasted and chewy.  Anywho, Pequod's is a useful discovery for me because of their renowned pan pizza with its wring of carmelized cheese on the crust.  It just adds another layer of flavor to their already yummy pizza.  Though I prefer a saucier pizza, their fresh and puffy crust and generous ingredient amounts make up for the sauce deficit.  Chicago's pizza and pretty much any other type is for when you are drunk, rowdy, and trying to stop a hangover.Pequod's (and I suppose Malnati's is in the same ballpark) is for a sober night when you will remember the experience.Pequod's is simply undeserving of the 4-star average rating.I have eaten here maybe 10 times in 15 years.  Just recently I ordered a large sausage deep dish.  This thing took an hour and a half to be delivered two blocks north and 5 blocks east.  Once it arrived it was more expensive than I thought- they didn't give me a total, just an oversight, but had I known I would have ordered baccino's or amato's- anything.The pie arrives. We open the box.  Eyes open wide, mouths salivate, and we each take a slice.After one bite- Garbo.  Simply shitty pizza.  Now this is the deep dish that I'm talking about.  And this is Chicago mind you.  You can get away with this kind of schwag in Colorado, but not in the land of pizza and hot dogs. No No No.This thing is 95% bread.  Little Sauce and even less cheese.  The sausage itself was fine.The "crust", as people call it, is a gimick- silly chewy not chrunchy, greasy and it was an effin miracle I even made it that far.Verdict:  slow. pricey. gross.  and yes Doug S., two stars is being too nice.There is no doubt about it, this place has good pizza.  However, the reason for the 3 stars is that it's really hit or miss.  I've been there about 5 times and I have every intention on going back for my 6th but I have had some pizzas that were just downright burnt.  Not caramelized, not crunchy cheese, just straight up burnt.  But what can you do, nobody is perfect.  Their prices are reasonable for what you get and the food is usually good!I heard a lot of things about Pequod's.  Good things.Sad to say, I will not be repeating those good things.  I like to try to make my reviews long and as insightful as possible.  However, I don't know what to say about their pizza.  It just wasn't that good.For a pan pizza, there was surprisingly little going on.  Lots of dough.  A little cheese, a little sauce.  The meat was unflavored and bland.  The spinach the same.  There's really not much else to say.  It's just an average pie.What I like about folks on yelp is that no one's going to rain fire down on me for not loving this greatly-loved pizza place. I made reservations for 15 a week in advance, but a few extras showed up.  No matter, because the area for 15 they had reserved for us really only fit 10 (no, we're not big-large folks...yet...give us a few more years of beer and pizza though), and the manager was uber-rude when I asked for some help to accommodate my whole party, or at least the original 15.  His response was essentially, "This is what you will take and I will not help you,"  Luckily 2 small tables opened nearby.  The server worked her ass off and we were not left without food or beer the entire time, but it just wasn't great pizza to me, except the slightly burnt cheese on the crust...that was yummers.Great pizza. Had a pan pizza with green peppers and onions. Pretty good crust but the cheese was really great. Good ingredients and a really great atmosphere. Very chill place and the servers all seem to recognize "regulars".Only draw back...made my girlfriend's stomach upset afterwards (but worth it haha)What happened to you Pequods????  We moved back to Chicago in March of 07 and started our quest for the best pizza in the city.  We mostly lived in the burbs before really.  Our friend took us to Pequods and said to be prepared to be amazed - and we were!  Love the tasty pan pizza with the burnt cheese!!!!  We told people many times that it was a contender for our favorite in the city.  Dined in another 1-2 times in 07-08.But then we ordered delivery in 2009... wow, is this the same pizza?  There is SO MUCH DOUGH and it is dry. The sauce is still tasty, but very thin, and the burnt cheese still rules. But I could hardly eat it because of the dough.  I don't want to have to pick my toppings off a pizza, that is not a good pizza.So, we thought maybe since it was delivery it just wasn't the same or just a fluke one time. I had a girls movie night last night and they all wanted to order Pequods.  We got 2 pan and 1 thin (since I hadn't tried thin yet).  Me and another friend ended up eating only the top half of our pan pieces and the crust - again - way to much dry dough!  It just isn't cutting it. Maybe they changed the recipe?  The thin was good, but not really thin - I would say it was "normal" thickness, and maybe more of what the pan pizza should be, just add the burnt crust to the thin pizza and it would be better I think.Well, that all being said, Pequods went from one of our favorites, to one that we won't be ordering again.  Sad.  I'll miss that big whale with undies on his head!Mmmmm Pequod's.  I've visited twice and been extremely impressed on both occasions.  First time: big group, big deep-dish pizza with all kinds of veggies, boozing it up in the back.  I don't like deep-dish pizza.  A born-and-raised New Englander, I like my pizza super-thin.Unless it was made by Pequod's.  Oozy cheese caramelized on the side of the pan, rich flavors...  I still think of that pizza pie fondly, and it's been about two years.Fast forward to January 2010: my boyfriend and I stopped in to get slices to go.  Thin crust with olives and mushrooms.  The staff were incredible!  They put up with our hemming and hawing as we picked out toppings, asked for slices, then changed our minds and decided to get a large pizza instead.  Offered us a table while we waited, which was really nice--D. took the opportunity to enjoy a glass of wine--and gave us plenty of little packets of red chili flakes and parmesan to go.  I've requested the bf for a return visit for my birthday dinner.  Mmm.Their pizza is pretty awesome. I love their crust the most. I am a big fan of fried zucchini aswell and their portions for ordering Fried Zucchini was incredibly minimal but they're food all in all is pretty stellar. Excellent pizza!I will remain forever loyal to my NY pizza but GOOD LORD is Pequod's tasty!To me, pizza is synonymous with the perfect balance of cheese, sauce, & bread of a large floppy slice from my favorite pizzeria in NJ, but I'm starting to cross over to the dark side.The best part of Pequod's pan pizza is by far the crust.  Caramelized and crunchy yet chewy and not crumbly like other deep dish pizza places.  I've only gotten delivery and so I can't comment on the restaurant experience, but as an East Coaster who has been ridiculously stubborn about her pizza preferences for the past 8 years, I will say...I'm in love, Pequod's.  Thank you.-Cheesy garlic bread is the bomb. Best cheese ever.-Fries doesn't look great, but they were perfectly salted.-Thin crust pizza was okay. I probably wouldn't get it again.-Pan pizza with the caramelized crust was pretty awesome. Get the sausage but stay away from the fresh basil because they don't give much of it.Great service and the pizza comes out pretty quick (when we went, at least). Thumbs up for value.From the outside, I was scared to enter... 90's awning, dirty...But I'm glad I did!! It was such a cool atmosphere with brick walls and a sports bar feeling. We had the cheesy garlic bread and pepperoni pan pizza and had to catch a movie within 1 hour.  They made it happen! The food is amazing and super flavorful and service was great!!Best deep dish in Chicago. I got to try Genos east and Lou malnatis too.Nothing compared to pequads.Everyone kept talking about Lou Malnatis... it sucked.Still need to try Giordanos the next time I am in Chicago.Quick tips:-Get the sausage giardiniera-Put your name down, figure out what you want to order, and place the order before they seat you so your food comes out faster!-5 stars for the deliciousness-5 stars for the price (6 people, two medium pizzas, beers = ~$10 a person)We came here on a Sunday evening with a group of 6 and were seated in about 20 mins.  The sausage giardiniera was fantastic.  As a San Franciscan, I will qualify that this is my first true exposure to Chicago deep dish pizza from Chicago, and it was pretty amazing.  Pequod's was highly recommended by friends who live in the area and while I acknowledge everyone has their 2cents about their favorite Chicago deep dish, this one definitely lived up to expectations.If you're new to town like us, take the Red line up to check this place out!I'd heard so many good things about the pizza here so after a movie I had to see what the fuss was all about. It definitely was a popular place to be on a weekday evening. The pizza was delicious (and filling). The sauce was amazing!Had a really hard time with the stars for this one.  There was so much that was working for Pequod's and so much against that I do think it all neutraled out to a 3.  Just FYI: ordered in cheesy garlic bread and a pan cheese pizza (ie: deep dish).Works for:Love the sauceWow, that cheesy, golden crust thing is AMAZING.  And I don't like crust.Against:Cheesy garlic bread had a weird taste, sort of green peppery.  Did not enjoy.There was so much dough and so little cheese in the actual pizza part.  I am a cheese girl.  I like the cheese to dough ratio to near 50% if not favor the cheese.  The was like...20% cheese, 80% dough.  The dough was tasty...but STILL.Truly excellent pizza.The deep dish IS really bready, I admit, but it tastes so good I'll forgive them.  If someone could invent a deepdish pie that is right between Giordano's cheese soup and Pequod's bready loaf, I would be in heaven.The carmelized cheese crust is a delight, but the kicker is the toppings.  Outrageously good sausage, big honkin' slices of peppers, nothing canned or stingy about this pie.  Mmmmm.We also ordered the mostacholi with meat sauce - the noodles were a little soggy (probably because it was delivered and had to sit a little while) but was still very very tasty.I normally try to avoid deep dish pizza like the plague. But after seeing a piece about Pequod's on some late-night WGN show, we had to check it out.Their 11am-3pm lunch special is a great deal: $4.95 gets you a soda and a 7" personal pizza with 1 topping. I, of course, chose jalapeños and was not disappointed. Not too greasy like some I've had and the crust was just the right amount of crunchy. The sauce-to-cheese ratio was perfect as well. I probably won't go back too often (after not being able to stop eating the entire 7", I pretty much hated myself), but I'll definitely say it's one of the best deep dish pizza joints in the city.YESPequods is the place for DEEP DISH. for out-of-towners in search of the "famous" chicago style pizza, GO HERE. forget giordano's or uno or where-ever. those places make some nasty pie-like pizza, all disproportional with so much cheese you'll be blocked up the rest of your time in chi. trust me, i'm giving you the wisdom i acquired via trial and tribulation. THIS IS THE PLACEplus 1/2Awesome caramelized crust. You can tell the sauce is scratch made.Fresh garlic Bread. Fast delivery. A little pricier than te average pizza but worth an investment for a pizza occassion!Reccommended. They deliver far as well!This place is the place to go for Chicago-style deep dish pizza.I have had plenty of Chicago deep dish and this is by far my favorite.  The caramelized cheese crust creates flavor like I have never had.  I would go just for that.  I usually get a large pie with half pepperoni and half sausage.  I like to have leftovers to eat later...The service is great.  The bartender/manager knew my face after only 2 visits.  Impressive.The atmosphere is laid back.  It seems like your typical bar.  It has plenty of TV's and plenty of booths.  It can get crowded on weekends.  The wait, though, is never too long. 15 is the longest I have ever waited.  Pequod's is the best.GO THERE NOW.So some friends of mine were in town from D.C. and were all "OM NOM DEEP DISH," and I wanted to go to Giordano's, but a bartender at a miscellaneous Milwaukee Street bar was like "go to Pequod's instead."After some finagling, we got there and hoo boy was it worth it. We had the spinach deep dish and I discovered that I would never go to Giordano's for a full deep dish pizza again. The sauce, the cheese, the caramelized crust -- everything was perfect. It particularly impressed my D.C. friends, since deep dish pizza apparently does not exist on the east coast.One thing we learned, though: don't come here and order mixed drinks. They do indeed have a full bar, but when asked what vodka they had, the waitress said "uh, you know, like, normal vodka." I certainly wasn't expecting a panoply of vodkas, but at least a "rail, stoli, and something fancier than stoli" would have been helpful.Skip hour+ waits at popular Chicago pizzerias (Lou Malnati's, Uno's, Piece) and head over to Pequod's.  I'm so often discouraged with other Chicago pizza restaurants that don't accept reservations and won't even allow call-ahead orders while you wait.  Well, Pequod's is different.  Though all good restaurants have crazy busy moments, Pequod's seems to control the crowd better than most.  There are ample tables on 2 floors of space.  I've made the 30-minute call ahead, "please put my name down" reservation here multiple times on weekends and rarely wait longer than 5 min.  I've also walked in on a weekday night and sat down right away.  So I'm already sold on this place without even talking about the food!  Pequod's pan pizza is why you make the visit, with its rim-crust dark charred to give it a nice crouton-like crunch.  Pizza is heavy on the sauce, but when mixed with cheese, sausage, pepperoni, veggies, etc, isn't over powering.  Don't be ambitious and order a pizza larger than your appetite.  You'll end up with 5 of 8 slices to take home (though who doesn't love leftovers?).I've tried a couple appetizers and salads, which I liked, but there's no need to order them when a huge, thick, flavorful pizza is on its way.    No complaints about the staff, service or restaurant condition.  Pequod's is a pizza gem!  Always a fun place to go with friends as I'm sure a handful of them haven't been before.  Your small or large party will leave happy they came... and full!One of these days I will get on yelp to write a bad review but its definitely not going to be today.  Peqods Pizza is the BEST. That's all there is to it.  The caramelized crust is unbelievable, the service is friendly, and I looove their toppings.  I'm not usually a big sausage person when it comes to pizza but theirs is amazing.Hands down best deep dish in the pizza, nuff said.When my fiance and I first started dating, we realized that we very strongly disagreed on the best pizza in the city. We decided on a "Chicago Deep Dish Pizza Challenge." My favorite was Lou Malnati's, and my fiance's was Pequod's. We went to both pizzerias and compared our sausage pizzas. The result: Pequod's is hands down the best deep dish pizza in Chicago. In fact - my fiance and I are having our Rehearsal Dinner at Pequod's next May. We were able to rent out the back room, and for a VERY affordable price, have all you can eat pizza and beer/pop for about 50 guests.Pequod's is the best pizza in Chicago, hands down. The crust is carmelized which sets it apart from the competition. The sauce and cheese is fantastic as well. I've had just about every combination of pizzas (sausage, pepperoni, veggie, extra cheese), and I've never been let down. Pequod's also has a decent beer selection and for a good price. The appetizers are good as well (mozzarella sticks!), but I highly recommend not ordering any since the pizza is so good and worth the wait. Pequod's also has carry out and delivery.The atmosphere is very casual and a great place for families, date night, or a night out with a few friends. The wait can get long, but you can put your pizza order in while you wait. I would recommend calling ahead for reservations, especially on a Friday/Saturday night. The service is great - everyone there has a smile on their face even when it is crazy busy. It truly is a great experience with the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.This is the best deep dish in Chicago...and I've been everywhere!Caramelized crust was good, but the pizza overall was not. This is the exact reason I don't generally like deep-dish...Pequod's crust is more like a thick, heavy Bisquick creation rather than the chewy, flavorful yeast-based crusts I prefer. I can't exactly say if it's better or worse than any other deep-dish, but I didn't like it. And it took over 45 minutes to get my carryout pie.It's a shame...I've heard for 10 years how good this place was. The search continues.Great pizza - great environment.The crust is phenomenalLet the tourists go get the generic, mostly-crust, flavorless stuff on Mich Ave. Head the Pequod's if you want the wait to be worth it.Every time someone came to Chicago, we took them here and they loved it.Great carmelized crust. Great toppings (but don't get more than 2 or 3, trust me). Great atmosphere - more like a sports bar than the faux Italian you'll get from Gino's, etc.The service is quick. Quality Chicago brews on tap.Expensive, and most likely you'll have to wait. But it is completely worth both.I have only lived in Chicago for half a year, and in the south suburbs for a year before that, but I've visited friends here for longer, and this is our go-to place.  It is also where I take people who visit Chicago and want deep-dish pizza.  In the rare cases where they don't want deep-dish pizza, I use enhanced interrogation techniques on them until they do, then I take them to Pequod's.This pizza never fails to make me happy.  I learned to love giardiniera here, and I learned to love caramelized cheese crusts here.  The non-caramelized crust parts are also great, as is the sauce (some of my friends say it's on the sweet side, but I love it).  Their salads are great too, but that's not the point.  Go here.  Eat the deep dish.  Become happier.  If you can, try the lunch special.  It's one of the best food deals anywhere.Full disclosure: this review is about Pequod's thin crust pizza only. I ordered my first pizza from Pequod's for delivery the other night, and I was very disappointed. Yes, it was slightly different than other Chicago pizzas. The crust was very bready, soft and somewhat spongy. Very pale and lightly cooked. Big thick edge, which added even more unwanted breadiness. The toppings were ample, and of decent quality. The cheese was hardly brown at all. Very little sauce. The whole thing was limp and soggy. Not a good experience. Will not order from here again.By recommendation of a local bartender, my family and I had trekked out to Pequod's for some deep dish pizza. It was relatively dead on a Sunday around 3 pm. I don't want to say that the service was bad, but the waitress seemed like she vould care less. Rarely came to check up on us. The bus boy and another gentleman (manager?) came to check on how we were doing and they were both much nicer and more pleasant. I'm not quite sure about the caramalzied crust that everyone was talking about. There wasn't that much of a crust, and it wasn't that good. The pizza is mostly dough, like another person had mentioned. The crust at Lou Manalti's was much better, but Pequod's toppings were phenominal. They were fresh, big pieces, and all over the pizza. If only we could combine the two!I'm not crazy about deep dish pizza, but this changed my mind, as the flavor and texture was very strong. I don't really have much to add other than that, but I will say that, as someone who microwaves his leftover pizza, this stuff does not microwave well at all. Guess the microwave is a friend of, I dunno, medium-crust pizza? At Pequod's, it's either deep or thin, and I think neither one really takes to reheating that well.My first visit, actually, resulted in me going to the Thai restaurant next door as I didn't want to wait forever by myself on a Friday night (and you know, I doubt they wanted me to either... I learned my lesson after Food 4 Go). I went to the Thai joint next door which was a mistake (three stars, huh Yelp? I don't think so). Reviews are available on both if you are curious! The point is, I got in the next day for lunch with no wait (it was raining, after all).The service was perfectly nice and the place is clean and well-maintained.  But I give it one star because the pizza is absolutely terrible.  It's like Domino's level: nasty spongy crust groaning under spaghetti sauce and rubber "cheese."  Gross.My mom says this is better than Lou's. She's crazy. With that said, it's still a fantastic pizza place, especially for fans of sauce and burnt cheese. The burned cheese crust is miraculous. Awesome, fresh toppings. It's just not really comfortable or a fun dining experience because its small and loud. I hope they expand. This is a "must try" Chicago place, though. So come. ASAP.Good Pizza, Great Crust, Decent ServiceI've been hearing about Pequods for a long time and finally made it. Casual environment. The pizza is good, but its the crust that makes it unique. They forgot my salad... so overall its A-OK. Maybe next time I will just get take out!Best pie in Chi. I don't have a lengthy report on this one. Just that it is fantastic. I mean really, really, fantastic. Pan perfection and deep-dish deliciousness. Also, they made the upstairs huge so there's a lot of room in the place now.Try asking the owner why the whale has a thong on its head (middle aged guy with a grey ponytail). I asked and he wouldn't tell me, so if you can find out please let me know.Pequod's is the result of taking all that is right in the world, baking it in a pizza pan with a caramelized, yeasty crust straight from heaven and having cherubim bless it as it exits the oven and slides down my gullet.If you love pizza the way we serve it up in Chicago, hit this place up. If you don't like it, consider cutting out your tongue because your taste buds have betrayed you.I have mixed feelings about Pequod's to be honest. I, in no way, shape or form think this is the best deep dish Pizza in Chicago. I'll start my review off with what I liked first though.Every square inch of my Pizza was crammed with toppings. More often than not, when it comes to Pizza toppings, your left wondering where the hell are all the toppings I payed for. Fortunately at Pequod's this is not the case. The Pizza was well done and you could tell everything was pretty fresh. The Pizza held together well and had a great balance of toppings, sauce and crust.The crust was great right up until the burnt portion of it. I'm sorry but i'm not a fan of burnt crust or caramelized cheese. The sauce really wasn't as flavorful as I would like. Those were my two biggest draw backs to an otherwise great Pizza.Ok, here's my "Remembrance of Things Past:" This place was once so loud it was painful. It was also as dark as sin. That's 50/50 for me. Meanwhile, the pizza was excellent. I'll take it, statistics be damned. Now? It's, as they say, family friendly; ie: neither an aural nor visual extreme. Pizza's still good, but I can find this ambience at...oh, I don't know...Olive Garden, or Domino's. And I can find good pizza at any number of places as well (Lou Malnati's comes to mind.)  Pequod's does not produce such a singular product that I cannot consider other options, and what made them unique is now gone, by their choice. So  it goes.6 of us sat down and we simultaneously took our first bite and looked at each other in unison and thought, "Damn!"Amazing pizza. The crust is awesome and it's not a deep dish, it's a pan-crust, but a little thicker. Good stuff, I think it's my favorite of all the Chicago establishments I've been to so far.As a native Chicagoan, I never understood the hype about this place until we happened to be walking by and stopped for lunch. And now, all I can say is ... delivery or pickup? So, next time you're wandering by--looking for something to eat before a movie perhaps--give them a try. Green pepper, mushroom and onion, maybe?D-d-d-damn, son!  This pizza was incredible.  Layers of delicious cheese, a tasty sauce that beats out most of the competition and the crust.  Oh my god, the crust.  Caramelized cheese on the crust was the most brilliant thing about Pequod's.  Last night I ate like a fat kid going out of style and already I'm looking forward to lunch today.Moral of the story: stop reading reviews and go get some.  You won't be sorry.Unimpressive. Lacking in flavor, poor salad, wings, etc. If you like really sweet sauce you might tack an extra star on. Read more about it at the link.fooddewd.tumblr.comDeep thoughts are better but is deep pizza dish really better? Alas may be ill equipped or unwilling to submit my answer to this, but Pequod's really helps promote the case for deep-dish. Walk in and it is what one expects a bar, booth tables and a bit dim so one could try to pass it as romantic. Deep dish pizza's come in Small Medium and Large. A Large cheese starts at 15.99 and toppings are a bit steep at $2.50 each. After a decent wait it came, caramelized cheese at the ends, sauce on top and laden with cheese and toppings. What impressed me was the use of spinach as a moisture barrier between the crust and the sauce and cheese. However the sauce was a bit bland, luckily the red pepper, oregano and cheese on the table helped remedy this issue. Garlic powder would have been nice. Overall for Chi town pizza this is my choice.When you sit at a table at Pequod's, you're almost trembling with excitement because you know what's coming. And what's coming is the best pizza I have ever had in all my days. Ever. Best. Pizza. Sure, you can argue that NY pizza is good and it is. RI grilled pizza is freaking awesome and that's no lie. And Chicago pizza is truly spectacular. But Pequod's isn't your average Chicago pizza. It transcends all pizzas everywhere and makes them look...well...stupid.Cheesy, meaty, saucy, caramelized crust...I have a hard time even talking about it without getting mad that I'm not in Chicago right now to go get some. I'm actually glad that I don't live there because I'd eat it every damn day and then none of my clothes would fit.On our most recent trip, Mr. H and I ordered a medium pizza with pepperoni, sausage and extra sauce. F&^$ yes. We drank some beer and watched some basketball while we waited and when our masterpiece was served, we stopped talking and just ate. It was so good, I'm a little misty-eyed as I remember it. The slices are huge and filling, so prepare yourself.Please just do yourself a favor and go. Just go.Hands down the BEST pizza in Chicago.... I am not even a fan of deep dish pizza, but it is absolutely divine. I am happy with canadian bacon (need a little bit of meat in my life!) with fresh spinach and extra garlic. YUM.  Even though I am a total fat kid with eating the pizza, I have to also have the Pequod's salad w/ their vinagrette dressing on the side. If you aren't up in Lincoln Park/Lakeview area... it is a haul from downtown, but worth it.  Don't do those other places that might be mentioned in your tourist guide. Trust me!  I found this place a year after I had lived in Chicago after I had sworn off deep dish pizza. My favorite meal in Chicago.  I know... I am high maintence.  : )UPDATE: I converted 2 more of my co-workers to Pequod's....heehee... its like pizza crack.I've had tombstone pizzas that tasted better than Pequod's thin crust. Not even a beer special.....We were sent here by a local and wow, do I need to send her a million and one thank you cards. Talk about some of the best pizza I've ever had in my entire life... Nom.One note: It's a PAN deep dish pizza. From what I know, pan pizzas typically have a buttery bread that rises a little more than your average dough. So if you're life my boyfriend and expecting to find an entire dairy section worth of cheese on the pizza and no dough, you're in the wrong spot. However, if you come wanting some EXCELLENT pizza that's still covered in mounds of cheese and toppings, welcome home, son.The large fed us for two days and we loved every last bite. It was hot, it was gooey, it was thick, it was crispy, it was cheesy, it was spicy, it was flavorful, it was downright orgasmic. I'm normally the dissenter when people want pizza because nowhere but Italy has yet to make a pizza I can truly love on a regular basis... so it's probably for the better that I don't live in Chicago where entire paychecks would go to grabbing pies from Pequod's. Whew.Sad, I used to love Peaquod's but after my recent visit, not so much.  It's not really deep dish, more like a thicker pan.  Definitely more crust than anything, but the major disappointment was the sauce.  It was lackluster, and left a lot to be desired.  If all I wanted was a basic tomato sauce, I could have done that on my own.  Sauce definitely makes or breaks a pizza for me and this definitely left me wanting for more elsewhere.  Toppings were plentiful but again, the sauce.The place itself is huge!  Two stories that span the entire flat.  Service was friendly.  Our server was always on point when it came to making sure we were hydrated.Price-wise, a bit pricey but definitely nothing that will break the bank.While lots of my peeps come to this hotspot for deep dish, I actually crave the thin crust pizza. (Sorry! Lou M's has my heart forever  for deep dish). Pequod's  thin crust isn't actually NY style thin crust - it's a medium thickness between NY style and deepdish and they pack in the toppings beneath gooey cheese set on a comforting crispy  warm carmelized crust. It's a crust you actually want to eat, not leave on your plate! No recommendations on toppings - just pile on whatever you like! I've had pineapple/ham, sausage/mushroom, spinach/mushroom, i mean it doesn't MATTER what you put on your pizza here! it's just AWESOME!Thank goodness they expanded this place to 2 floors! The wait was getting unbearable. This past time I sat upstairs - great sports bar setting!  Go for the craft brews!Third time's a charm.After trying and being disappointed with two of Chicago's most famous pizza establishments -- Lou Malnati's and Giordano's -- I was beginning to think that a "to-die-for Chicago-style deep-dish pizza" was on the same level as the tooth fairy, the Easter bunny and Santa Claus...myth. Pequod's changed all that.Upon arriving we placed our names on the wait list, grabbed a menu and took a seat at one of the four benches outside of the restaurant. We decided on the large (14") pan pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. After about 20 minutes our party was called, we were taken through the first floor of the restaurant, up the stairs and into the massive second level. Once seated we were given menus for a second time to see if we wanted to add appetizers, salads, etc. We decided on the Pequod Salad for our party of four with their homemade Italian dressing.The Pequod Salad came out a few minutes later -- Romaine lettuce with mozzarella cheese, peperoni, pepperoncini, black olives, green peppers, mushrooms, carrots, tomato and onion. Definitely a good choice. It was the perfect size for us to split. They didn't skimp on the toppings. And, the homemade Italian dressing as suggested by our server was delicious.As good as it was, you don't go to a place like Pequod's for the salad. A few minutes our pizza arrived -- 154 square inches (yes, I used an online calculator) of piping-hot pizza goodness. To save us from burning ourselves and making a mess of of the pizza, the server plated the first half of the pizza for us, using the square spatula to pick up the pizza and cut off the strings of melted cheese crawling from the pan onto our plates.Now the toppings on the pizza were, for the most part, comparable to both Lou Malnati's and Giordano's -- loads of pepperoni, thinly sliced mushrooms crisped by the oven, thick homemade tomato sauce and bubbling cheese. The difference, however, was found in the crust. At Lou Malnati's and Giordano's, the crust was too bready and even soggy because of all the sauce. But crust at Pequod's was heaven. They call it their "famous caramelized crust", an apt description. The crust was the perfect balance of buttery, chewy, crunchy, crispy, slightly-burned goodness. And at the edges, the cheese had melted to the side of the crust/pan to form a "halo" (their word, not mine) of caramelized cheesy/crusty deliciousness.In the end, that crust and that "halo" single-handedly saved Chicago's reputation for having a "to-die-for deep-dish pizza." For that all Chicago natives should be thankful. And, they should show their thankfulness by going to Pequod's. That's where we'll be next time we visit the Windy City.Pequod's is on our list of delivery restaurants that get a "special place" on the fridge.  They deliver a particularly satisfying brand of pizza that is not in competition with Lou M. or Gino's -- Pequod's is in a league of their own.  The one drawback is the price.  A large deep dish pie with pepperoni (easily feeds 3 people) will run you $23 (not including the tip for delivery).Delicious deep dish pizza.  Flavorful sauce and yummy crust.  They could maybe balance a little less sauce with more cheese, but hey, who am i to say...yay! definitely a fan.Before going to see "Alice in Wonderland" at the theater across the street, we stopped here for food and drinks. The server was very attentive, almost to the point of bothering us. I'm glad she was making sure that we had full drinks, and that everything was okay, but there is such a thing as checking in too many times. The pizza was just your average thin crust, nothing special. I don't think that this place will pop-up when I think of somewhere to eat pizza. The drinks were mixed wrong, and had a lime, when I said no lime, twice, for each drink. Finally, I stuck with the water, and waited patiently to leave while everyone finished their conversations.This pizza will give you a heart attack and you can literally eat 2 slices and go straight into food coma, but it's the best pan pizza I've had since moving to Chicago. Enough said? Representing Sheffield Neighbors well...So I went here with a friend who had moved out of Chicago...I think I walked about 10 miles to get here...no joke. So after my crazy hike across freakin' Chicago, we arrived at Pequod's.Service was so nice! and the famous crust was worthy of fame. So freakin' good! One of those eating experiences when you wish you weren't with a boy you liked so you could just go pig-crazy and chow down with abandon...stupid cute boys *angry face* ruining my meal!To be honest, after reading all of the hype, I expected a lot more out of Pequod's.  Don't get me wrong, they served up a good deep dish pizza, but I actually found the bottom crust somewhat spongy and dry.  The best part of the pizza, by far, was the carmelized crust....I wish I had an entire pizza of just that.  If I'm ordering a deep dish again, I'll likely give Pequod's another try, as it ranks right up there with Gino's, Giordano's and all of the other Chicago staples.Also, while the food probably deserved 3.5 stars, I had to deduct the half star for the terrible customer service when ordering.Giordano's who??Nuff said!I had my first slice of deep dish pizza here a few nights ago. It was my first meal in Chicago, so I had to start it off right.I'm a fan of thin crust, so I wasn't sure how I was gonna like the deep dish action. I'm not a fan of things with a lot of dough. (For a long time, I would take the top bun off my burgers...) Anyway, the dough here was perfectly crunchy on the outside, with the inside being soft. The pizzas are made to order and you basically customize your pizza. YUM! I was so full after 1 1/2 slices...which is WEAK for me. Oh, but I also had a side of their fries and chicken wings which were hot, fresh and yummy, too.I would definitely recommend this place for deep dish!Not very great.Pizza pie was blandI have to admit I am not a huge fan of deep dish, and as a native Chicagoan this is kind of a sin.  My redemption came with Pequod's.  I love the carmelized crust on their pizza so much that I will eat the crusts off the leftovers before I eat the guts. I always order some of their fried zuccini with ranch dressing which is good because everything is good with ranch dressing, but still. I always used to give myself some extra time to eat at Pequod's prior to a movie at Webster Place, but now.... They deliver to Ukranian Village!!!With our usual good foresight, we decided to head to Piece Pizza during the recent Wicker Park Street festival.  Turning onto North off of Ashland we noticed people were walking faster than we were driving, and decided to reroute our pizza choice to another- Pequods.  Being a Sunday night we assumed we would be seated rather quickly, but Pequods being Pequods, there was a wait.  We were told 35-40 minutes, which was spot-on.  It was also nice that we were given a menu to pre-order so once seated we would have a limited wait for our food.  Once seated, we ordered an appetizer and began our wait.  I really liked the simple atmosphere of Pequod's.  The bar is pretty centrally located in the eating area, but it is relatively bright and cozy.  The restaurant was actually pretty quiet and the whole place kind of reminded me of a pizzeria in Northern WI I would go to with my family after a day of fishing.  The salad and cheesy garlic bread we ordered were fine, mostly just tasty bites to tide us over in our wait for the main event.The pizza was awesome.  I agree with others assessments that the amount of cheese is less than some other pan pizza joints, but  I preferred it.  The cheese tasted less rubbery and more gooey goodness.  The sauce was also great with a tinge of sweetness.  Finally, the sausage on top was ample and delicious.... It really makes me rethink my use of turkey sausage in everything at home.  We ordered a medium, and were only able to eat 1 piece each (2 people) so we took lots of pizza home- a treat for the rest of the week.  I just really loved this place.Holy moly these pizzas are great! We called ahead from the house to order a deep dish mushroom and spinach. We arrived and were sat in the secret upstairs dining area. The pizza came out about 15 minutes later. We ordered some onion rings in the mean time.The pizza has this burnt cheese crust thing that is super delicious. The onion rings were cut and fried just right too and served with barbecue sauce.  Next time I'm ordering anchovies!The best Deep Dish in Chicago! Off the beaten path but well worth the trip! Weird location, weird building, weird space overall. Best crust! I'm not a fan of deep dish typically. I can eat this all day!It's pretty much impossible for me to pick a favorite pizza in Chicago, but if you want to say it's Pequod's, I'm not about to disagree with you.  Also...if they ever decided to sell strips of caramelized crust as a pseudo-breadstick appetizer, I'd probably devour twenty at a time.Chicago = deep dish, so on a recent trip, I had to get some. Origianlly I was leaning toward Lou Malnati's but on recommendation of others here, I came here instead. And it was... very, very good. Was it better than Lou Malnati's or any of the other famous spots in the city? It's hard for me to say. I thoroughly enjoyed the pie we got, which was exactly what I was expecting. It's not something I would eat every day or week, but for a one-time thing, it was great. It just wasn't transcendent. I don't know, maybe I'm grading too hard. There's literally nothing to complain about. But I just feel like maybe I could have gotten the same pie elsewhere. Am I wrong??? I'm happy to be convinced otherwise.Although, it's obvious below a lot of people are digging my favorite Chi-town pizzeria.  I've, also, noticed a lot of reviews of people who aren't feeling it.To help, here's some ordering advice when hitting up Pequod's:If you like Sausage Pizza ---- Order the Pepperoni Pan PizzaIf you like Veggie Pizza ---- Order the Pepperoni Pan PizzaIf you like Thin Crust Pizza ---- Order the Pepperoni Pan PizzaIf you like Pepperoni Pizza with Mushrooms or Green Peppers or something else ---- Order the Pepperoni Pan PizzaThe thing that makes their pizza so good is that caramelized outer crust and the crisp 'roni's on top.  It's niche pizza and when you order other toppings I've found that it just doesn't work right and the excess moisture in those other toppings doesn't lead to that crusty deliciousness.If you don't like Pepperoni Pan Pizza, you're better off going somewhere else.  If you like Pepperoni Pan Pizza, this is the best.This is the best tasting thing that has ever been delivered to my home.  It is the best tasting deep dish I've ever had.  The burnt cheese crust is mind blowingly good.  I work out five times a week and would happily bump it to seven if I needed to eat this every day.  Order it now.  Get the sausage.  I am 90% vegetarian, but the sausage changes all that.I seriously don't think I will ever order deep dish from another place if this is an option.  Dying to try Spacca Napoli next!This is probably the worst pizza I've had in Chicago-- though I've had much worse in recent memory during a day's jaunt over to Indiana that made me shudder to think about living outside a city every again. Although, perhaps I'm being harsh on Pequod's, because the problem here was one of unmet expectations. We ordered a thin crust pizza, and the waitress followed up with "Do you want any cheesy garlic breadsticks?". Caught off guard, we said "Sure, ok," expecting something along the lines of a small breadbasket. We were instead served two long planks of garlic bread, bubbling with cheese, and marinara sauce. And everything was excellent-- good quality cheese, and the sauce! Perfection! So, naturally, we were excited to see what our actual pizza would be like......and this is where Pequod's really faltered. The pizza appeared to have nothing in common with our fantastic appetizer-- poorer quality dough, cheese, and appallingly bad sauce. Also, we ordered our pizza with bell peppers, which had been over-cooked-- that's become a pet peeve since that fated Indiana pizza *shudders*, and it could have been worse, but I really prefer them crisp. Again, it wasn't terrible, it just suffered from a lack of melding of the flavors, as though the sauce wasn't in tune with the cheese, which wasn't in tune with anything else. Considering they seem to know what they're doing in the "bread + cheese + sauce" department, as evidenced by our appetizer, it must be just sheer perversity that leads them to make such poor quality pizza. We will not be back, cheesy garlic bread notwithstanding.When I first moved to Chicago i told a friend that I'm not into Pizza, he told me Pequod's would change my mind. He was more than right. Pequod's is the most delicious pizza i have ever had, and one of my favorite restaurants. I have tried a lot of the toppings but i go with sausage and mushroom. The sausage pieces are really big and really good. However the best part of the whole deal is the Caramelized cheese on the crust. Its scrumptious!!Being friends with a bunch of guys I eat pizza from a lot of different places.Pequod's is hands down the best pizza in Chicago. It is the only place I recommend to someone who wants a traditional deep dish Chicago pizza. My Roomie and I just moved a couple blocks from it, and that is a dangerous situation especially since i have discovered that they have a 5 dollar lunch special for a personal pan and a soda (or a Beer!) (m-F only)The pizza is as good as any place I've been in Chicago (or elsewhere for that matter). A tip -- order it with extra sauce. Sometimes they can skimp and being as thick as it is, it's needed. Sausage is fantastic, pepperoni is tops as well.The pizza takes a while so don't go here if you're in a hurry. Delivery usually takes just over an hour.I think about Pequod's pan pizza and carmelized crust more often than I'd like to admit.   The fact that leggings are in style means that I eat it much more often than I should.Pequod's, you are the epitome of a love-hate relationship.   I love you.  Hate what you do to my belly.    Really though, I love you.The pizza is really good here. Was really impressed by that they deliver to Presedential towers. Only took them an hour and it was still hot.This is my go-to deep dish place when out-of-towners come to visit.  I have yet to find a better deep dish pizza in the city.App's leave something to be desired for sure, but the pizza is filling enough.Try to hit it up for their ridiculous lunch special if you're in the area ($5 for a single pan and a drink (can be a pint of Miller Lite if you'd like)).At my job I deal with a lot of people who are new to Chicago. Often, we talk about the things that make this city an awesome place to live...and of course, food is right up there at the top of my list. This place is just the best, and I always go out of my way to recommend it to recent Chicago transplants. Maybe not the textbook "Chicago-style" pizza (for that how could you not recommend Lou Malnati's?), but from the large chunks of sausage to the carmelized crust, I've never had a Pequod's pizza that was less than delicious. I've eaten at Pequod's for years & years-first up in Morton Grove, and now in Lincoln Park-and never get tired of it. Can't go too long without getting my Pequod's fix. Yum!PIZZA.IS.DELICIOUS. don't be tempted by apps just go for the pizza!!!! :heart:I have dubbed this place the best deep dish pizzeria in Chicago.  The caramelized crust is the biggest standout and is something that I have found myself craving in every pizza since pequods.  Additionally, their sauce, cheese, and toppings are just excellent in quality.  The vibe is a fun divey feel that makes it feel so neighborhoody and homey.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants delicious albeit less well known Chicago deep dish.  Once you taste pequods, the rest just taste so...regular.This was great deep dish, and it will be your favorite if you like the caramelized crust. Personally, I like more savory crusts.I recommend making reservations and/or placing your order while you're waiting. We were seated upstairs in the back room, which was quite loud/ had more of a rowdy sports bar environment... but the other upstairs room was a lot more mellow, so might be worthwhile to request specific seating if this matters to you. It was definitely *too* loud for me.After hearing about this place from some of my co-workers, I decided to check it out on my day off from work. Thank you, President's Day! I took advantage of the Lunch Special which is a 7in. pan pizza with one topping and a drink for $5. The establishment was nice and clean and the pizza was good. Crust had a nice char along the outer edge and the tomato sauce complimented the other ingredients. I would have preferred a bit more cheese, but overall it is a very good pizza. NOTE: This is not deep dish pizza because the ingredients are on top, instead of being layered under the cheese.This has become the pizza that I crave all the time. For a few weeks we would order it every Sunday night. The crust is amazing, the sauce is perfect, and the italian sausage is homemade. If you have not tried this place you need to and it will soon surpass every other pizza place in the city.Shortest review ever:  Hands-Down Best Deep Dish in the World (if you don't believe me, maybe you'll believe Anthony Bourdain who said that Burt's Place, he's the founder of Pequod's, is the best pizza, period).Service-Not good, but it's 100% worth dealing with the service.Pequod's pizza tastes "lighter" than many other deep dish pizzas.  The cheese is not particularly thick or gooey.  The sauce is sweet.  Those components seem like they come from a different pie than the thick, solid crust.Pequod's says its crust is "carmelized."  I think that's just code for "burnt."The restaurant is quite narrow and fills up quickly.  It also gets loud.  Our server was nice, though there was some sort of mix-up and our pizza was delayed.Pequod's might be a nice change-of-pace pizza, but Chicago has many better pizzerias.4 stars for value alone:1 leines pitcher + 2 side salads + cheesy garlic bread + small pan pizza = $48 with tax and tip.  great deal and a pleasant suprise!we enjoyed the food, beverages, and service before seeing the worlds worst movie, paranormal activity on friday night.  i wish i would have stayed at pequods and thrown myself down those super steep stairs for 1.5 hours rather than see that movie.  lordy.sidenote:  does anyone know what is on the whale's head?  it looks like underpants or a boomerang...In the city that perfected pizza - Pequod's is perfect pizza.The service is always friendly and quick. The pizza is amazing.  We go about once a month and get a pitcher of Blue Moon and a large sausage pizza. (The pitcher is like 18 bucks so we are considering alternatives.) The servers are always on the ball - they are very relaxed and just do their thing. The pizza is thick - not really deep dish in the purest sense of the word.  The sauce is sweet but not sugary - the sausage is fresh - not pre-cut or prepackaged. The thing is - though - the crust. The crust is crunchy and light and flaky and delicious beyond Yelping. What my people would call a peasant crust - I can't get enough of it.We are going tonight - get our table near the window - and get lost in the best pizza Chicago has to offer...I had higher expectations for authentic Chicago Style Deep Dish Pizza!  I was expecting more of a flaky soft deep crust... not crispy. It was just ok for me...I honestly like UNO's or BJ's way better!Great beer tho!  Thanks for cutting fresh orange slices for our Blue Moon.Decent deepdish. This is Chicago ya know.  So it is hard for me to say it is the best or even a runner-up, but it is pretty darn good.They don't have the sauce on top, like Girodanos or Gino's, but that doesn't matter to me.  I love that their crust is carmelized, but there is something wrong with the taste of the crust.  It has a sourdough kind of taste to it, but like it's sourdough not cooked all the way.  Well, whatever the reason, there's just something a little bit off about the crust and that was really the only downside. All in all this is pretty good deepdish and the service was great.  We sat upstairs and I was thoroughly impressed that the waitstaff got up and down that huge flight of stairs so quickly so many times.My friend said the thing I have to do while in Chicago is try a deep-dish pizza. Too bad my boyfriend hate deep dish, because he thinks it's just mostly bread. We managed to find this place after a fail attempt looking for hamburgers.My boyfriend said that this place was broadcast on one show on the Food Network, so I was wondering what the hype was.We ordered a side of mozzarella sticks and a small thin crust pizza with a crapload of toppings, which kind of added up to a hefty bill. ($1.50 for extra toppings on a small pizza? Them toppings better be fresh..!)In my mind, I had tried a thin crust pizza from Pizza Hut, and I thought it was like crackers with tomato sauce. This place blew that stereotype AWAY! The crust was flaky, but not too thin that you had to put napkins on your lap to prevent sauce from dripping.Would highly recommend this place for a late night grubbin'!I say...3.5 stars, but I'll round up b/c This place is yummy in da tummy.  I can see why it's a hit or miss among pizza lovers - but really, when it comes down to the perfect pie - it's more about preference...BUT i will tell you this...I am a thin crust lover...and I go gaga over the deep dish here.The crust will come out and look all burnt up, but it's so tasty and crunchy and adds that perfect punch to go along with the rest of the pie....mmmm goodness.  My only gripe is that beer is so damn expensive.  I supp I can always JUST get pizza here, but that's no fun...that would be like mac with no cheese...well, for me anyway =p  So I shall deem this as an "occasion" spot like a chill date night before a movie...well, that what we do anyway...but go on and do it too...can't go wrong!Pequod's was my first Chicago deep dish pizza experience and it was awesome!  After waiting for the 40-minute cooking time, our pie finally arrived and not a moment too soon because I was starving after a long day of sight-seeing.  Our pizza came loaded with big chunks of sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, spinach, and copious amounts of stringy, molten mozzarella.  The thick crust had a beautifully caramelized, chewy ring of cheese surrounding the edge.  It was hands down the tastiest-looking pizza I have ever laid my eyes on.  With a whirl of knife and fork, I inhaled two delicious slices before hitting the food wall.  Deep dish pizza is deceivingly filling so if it's your first time having it, don't be surprised if you are full after two pieces.       I've since tried Jordano's deep dish and while very very good, I'd still say Pequod's is number one for me.  Lou M's is next on my list to try!Requods is the best!  The food, service and experience are just great.  First and most importantly the pizza is deep, caramelized and flavorful.  It's a little different from other Chicago deep dish pizzas but I'm telling you it's a great variation.  Appetizer s are all good.Service is always friendly and attentive.  Lots of hotties working here.  I like the atmosphere.  Standard pizza joint I guess but that works great for me.  Good bar and lots of TVs.  Sports always on.The owner is a hockey nut.  Hawks are always on.  He is the kind of guy that will sit down with you and make friends and in a short time it feels like you have been coming here for years.Have you figured out what that thing is on the fish logo.  Some of the wait staff might not know the whole story but we finally got it from our friend.  You'll know you got the true story when you can't stop laughing.  It's a thong and I'll say no more.  You know it had to be something if they put it on their logo.  Get the story from them.Yay I finally had your deep dish.I cannot remember the last time I dined at Pequod, it's been forever.Ordered delivery of a LG sausage and garlic deep dish pizza.  It was great.  The cooked cheese crust on the sides tasted like Saganaki, had a wonderful burned/cook cheese taste.Your sausage had great flavor.  I usually hate pizza sausage as my wife usually likes it and I don't like the sausage that is typically used.  Your's tasted savory all by itself.  It was also well cooked.  Little bits of garlic goodness all over the pizza, you did it perfectly.  Enough garlic to flavor the pizza, but not enough to scare the UPS guy and kill my small children.You've now made my pizza takeout shortlist, which includes Cafe Luigi and Piece.We also ordered a thin crust for my boys, I didn't have any but they tore into it like Andy Dick into a bottle of Wolfschmidt Vodka.I was excited to finally try this place! My friends and I ordered a pitcher of Half Acre and a large pepperoni pan pizza. The carmalized crust was a nice addition and the sauce was ok, nothing outstanding, but it was good. I read a few reviews that mention deep dish, which Pequod's does not have. They served pan pizza which is a bit different, so maybe that is why some people are disappointed. Only a few places in Chicago serve true deep dish.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ch…12 years. That's how long its been since I was last here. And though it's not 1999 and tons has changed, pequod's is exactly how I remember it. God bless that.I had a hankering for some deep dish so I got my order for takeout. The pizza was great and really tasty. The pepperoni and sausage were piled on while as well. I almost had a flashback after eating a slice. Though hallucinogenic experiences didn't happen, joy was had by me. It was hard not to really dig into this, but it had to be savored as well. 12 years is a good chunk of time and it certainly won't be that long until the next timeKind of annoyingly crowded crowd. I mean there are only a handful of pizza places in Chi, so that's* understandable (c'mon people)...I will say this, the pizza is better than I remembered, but it should be.Their deep dish gets burned on the top (on purpose, yuck). The thin crust is pretty delish as well as the deep dish w the burnt parts...They have Sausage. I mean sausage, and it's gooood. This from a boring old cheese person. It's cheap as hell, good service considering the amount of ppl., upstairs, allows kids, parking is a sinch. I will be back on a weekday. Yum!After reading a TON of deep-dish pizza reviews, we decided on Pequod's because it was slightly out of the way and seemed to be one of the least likely spots to be invaded by crowds of tourists with Navy Pier bags.And GODDAMN!  So incredibly tasty.  You might argue that it's "pan pizza," not actually "deep dish," but to be completely honest, I don't really care.  The sausage was out of this world (big chunks, very flavorful, hints of fennel), and we loved the caramelized cheese around the edge.  Plus, a pretty nice beer selection.  The place was half empty on the Tuesday night that we were there (8-9ish), which was also awesome.This place is by far the best pizza in Chicago. I've eaten in once and I've carried out once. Both times, the pizza has been amazing. The pizza does take a bit longer than most other places, so if you want fast and mediocre pizza, go somewhere else. Definitely order the pan and load it with toppings. We had the pan with mushrooms, pepperoni, and black olives and it was nothing short of perfection. It is very filling though, so I'm not usually able to eat more than a piece and a half. The large for two people is way more food than you will need, but I was excited for the leftovers the next day. Oh, and the re-heated leftovers were almost as good as the pizza was the first time. Definitely try this place.SO glad John, with the Chicago Pizza Tour, decided to put Pequod's on the list during our visit! Out of all the place's we tried, I would have Pequod's any day! It's the only slice I actually finished. MMMM.... The burnt cheesy crust? Crazy good. Plus, it was the only place with Blue Moon on tap. Definitely made me happy after searching for it all day. I understand the whale, but is that a thong on it's head? Why? Maybe we'll go try out Burt's Place today, we'll see how/if it differs =)Thanks, Burt!This is not a fancy place by any means, a place for a pizza and beer in a bar-like setting. The staff is friendly, the prices aren't outrageous and the food is good. They are known for their thick crust pizza but we had their thin crust. It's not super thin by any means, but it has a great sauce and is loaded with toppings. We also had the Pequod salad which is plenty big to share. That comes with black olives, tomatoes, cheese, pepperoni, pepperoncinis, mushrooms, onions, shredded carrots, and green peppers. Oh and lettuce, of course! This place happens to be right across the street from the move theater which is very convenient as well!I know I know... Many of you are going to see my review and immediately think, "ONLY 3 STARS?! Get this crazy broad a Thorazine!" I ordered Pequod's for my friends as a "thank you for helping me move in muggy weather" present with very high hopes, especially since they were picked as Food Network Magazine's best pizza of Illinois. We ordered a thin crust with spinach, shrooms, and onions and a pan crust pizza with just cheese. I was taken aback by the high price ($42! Gah!) for only two pizzas. My only thought on the caramelized crust on the pan was "eh". I ended up liking the thin crust veggie one more, especially since they had a good topping to sauce ratio (lots of toppings! not too much sauce.)I'm definitely willing to give this place another shot, especially for some deep dish pizza.Chicago Pizza!  The place looked really popular and felt cozy.  They had sports going on and the beers looked tempting, but I decided to pass on drinking at noon.We got a deep dish and a thin crust just to try both...besides why choose.  The thin crust was reallie thin and crispy.  The cheese is not really greasy which I think points to good cheese.  We got basil and pepperoni on the thin crust and there was pepperoni all over the pizza.  Sweetness.Ok so the deep dish was pretty awesome.  Again it's not too oily which is a win.  The crust looks black, but that's just delicious parmesan goodness.  When they bake the pizza they layer the pan with parmesan cheese so it makes another thin layer of crispy/chewy cheese.  The toppings we used were sausage, bell peppers, and mushrooms.  The sausage was really good.  For those that like to eat pizza with ranch I'm told they make an awesome ranch sauce inhouse here.We also got a salad here...needed something green.  But what?  The salads here also come with pepperoni!  Wow...so win.BEST deep dish pizza I've tried in Chicago so far (comparison points = Gino's and Lou Malnati's).  The secret is the seasoned pans they use for the pizzas - they line each pan with parmesan cheese so when you get the pizza out, there's a delicious ring of semi-burnt cheese around the outside of the crust.  Absolutely amazing.It's definitely worth the wait in my opinion and any time I am in the mood for some deep dish, Pequod's is my first choice!LOVE Pequods! Its not an everyday sort of pizza though, its 2 times a day kind of pizza!  The only reason why it doesn't have 5 stars:I have this thing about perfect ratios in my pizza - sauce to ingredients to cheese to crust.  (its the same thing with hot dogs)  Pequods is perfect on everything, except for crust.  I am not talking about the caramelized goodness on the outside of the pie, I am talking about the bottom of the pie.  Especially when eaten the 2nd day, the crust is thicker and I have to eat only the top layer of it.  Still, get the largest size, because it is fantastic for leftovers (if you aint thick crust phobic like me) and don't bother with any starters to save room for the real deal.This place is my favorite. I've been here 3 or 4 times. Get the deep dish - the crust is super crispy and the upper layers are filled with cheesy gooey-ness. This time we went with a group of 7 on a Saturday night. We called earlier in the day around 3:30p for reservations because we expected the place to be packed. When we arrived at 7:00p the placed was crowded (as predicted) but we breezed by those who didn't have the foresight to make a reservation and were immediately seated on the second floor. We ordered two pizzas - a sausage, bell pepper, and mushroom, and a pepperoni, and bell pepper. The sausage and bell pepper was a hit, and the pepperoni was a distant second. The fried appetizer plate was decent, but not a must-have. Like always, we ordered pitchers of Half-Acre. Despite the massive number of customers on the second floor, our waitress was awesome and was always around to refill our pitchers or to meet other needs. Per usual - dining at Pequods was an excellent experience.Good Pizza. Impressive house salad.The pizza is much doughy-er than Lou's which I was not a huge fan of. I prefer more sauce. I would go back and try the original location in Morton Grove-- I heard they changed the recipe for the city in order to deal with the heavy traffic.Pequod's is my current favorite Chicago style deep dish joint. The crust is hearty and stays crisp and the caramelized edges are great. The sauce is well seasoned the cheese/sauce/ingredients/crust ratio is just right.I recently took another yelper's suggestion to try sausage and giardiniera and now I'm hooked.The other hyped Chicago eatery that just doesn't measure up.A problem that I've had with Chicago deep dish is the fact that there is always a tremendous amount of food, but the quality just isn't there. My weapon of choice was sausage, pepperoni and extra cheese (a standard for every new pizzaria I try). It wasn't bad, but once again there was a lot of stuff and nothing stood out. The sausage was missing and tasted cheap, the pepperoni lifeless and when it comes to the cheese my friend said it the best when I told him there was extra cheese; "oh extra cheese? I didn't even think there was any on there!"This was not because it was lacking(IMO I considered it only enough for a normal order), but because it had no flavor. The crust is a more crumbly recipe, rather than the more traditional doey. I didn't mind the texture, but it was too thick in comparison to everything else and lacked personality. The sauce, as with the theme with everything else. was plain and boring.This was actually probably the pizza I enjoyed the least in Chicago, despite supposedly being the best. I literally DREADED finishing the pizza I bought. Never before have I looked at a pizza and thought "I never want to touch this again:. If I ever try Pequods again, I'll try some fresh ingredients. But I doubt anything will change.Hands down the best Chicago style deep dish pizza AND lunch special in the city! Monday- Friday until 3pm, you can order a personal pizza and a soda/draft beer for a measly $5!  You can't beat that!But let's talk about what makes the pizza magical. It's all in the crust! How I have dreamed of only devouring the crust! It will blow your mind! Everyone that I know who has experienced the magic of Pequods will agree. Also, considering that Pequods is also a bar, you wouldn't expect top quality customer service, but that's what I have gotten here.  I don't eat pork but love pepperoni...turkey that is. I actually called Pequods and asked them if they would be ok with me brining in my own turkey pepperoni. Most restaurants have never obliged, but Pequods was more Han happy to meet my request. I was pleasantly surprised and even more enamored by the delicious food but wonderful customer service. Oh, they now deliver and even delivered to my home though I was a little outside their delivery range because they weren't busy at that moment. That's customer service at its best!Stopped in for lunch on a Tuesday and had no problem snagging a booth.My friend and I started with the Pequod salad which was great; then we both got the $4.95 lunch special and had a beer + personal pizza. Now, lets start with the good....friendly service, cool atmosphere, buttery, doughy yet crispy crust. What didn't I like? HERBS in my sauce. Personal preference coming through but I knew as soon as my pizza was set in front of me I wouldn't fully enjoy it. The sauce makes or breaks a pizza for me and I do not like "green things" in my sauce. I promise I am not 2 years old, I just think the best sauce is simple - san marzano tomatoes, garlic, salt, and pepper. The other thing I thought was missing was layers! I like the deep dish formula where you do cheese, sauce, cheese, sauce and the one layer on Pequod's variation just didn't do it for me!You can't beat the price on the lunch special, even though I didn't even eat half it was a good value.Definitely order the pan pizza. The thin crust was just average. We ordered sausage, mushroom, and spinach, and it was delish. The wait time nearly killed me, over an hour to bring out our pizzas, but I was starving. I think I actually prefer Giordanos because it has the extra sauce and the layers, but this was also phenomenal. Chicago deep dish delish.Amazing, amazing, amazing!  There is nothing left I can say about Pequod's that hasn't already been said by the other 1,100 reviewers.  The caramelized crust, the pan blackened bottom, and the secret sauce are the 3 components that make this the best deep dish in Chicago. Seating can be tricky on a busy night and the pizza can take a while to come out at times but to me this is all just part of Pequod's personality and vibe.  Pizza this delicious shouldn't be made too easy to get, so the long wait only adds to the appreciation of the magic.There are times where I wake up salivating from dreaming about the Pequod's tomato sauce and that blackened and buttery crust.  If you haven't tried Pequod's yet, then do yourself a favor and go there immediately!Great Pizza. I think i was just so glad I got a deep dish pizza that possibly my review is overinflated. But it was delicious. Cool location in a cool town.awesome food and serviceI just had Pequod's pizza for the first time while visiting Chicago for a wedding. It was excellent and reasonably priced.I will definitely come back next time I'm in town.I am a bit weird, I like burnt things. I like those few burnt potato chips you find in the bag or a nicely charred hot dog from the grill. That is why Pequod's is my kind of place. Not that the pizza is burnt, but the way they construct their deep dish is unlike any other in Chicago. The cheese actually forms a caramelized crust on the pizza which gives this delicious, almost burnt flavor. It is the most terrific thing you will eat. Being from Chicago, people ask me about Gino's or Lou Malnanti's, they ain't got nothing on Pequod's. I recommend this place to all those that travel to Chicago looking for a deep dish.Very good pan pizza, yes it is more on the bread-y side but that is their signature along with their delicious caramelized crust. One of the best pan pzzas in the city!Came to Chicago to stuff my face and see the sights and ended up in flavor town.I'd heard about this spot and had to give it try since they specifically bake it with cheese on top to give it a nice crunch! I made the long trek from Millennium Park ( yes, i was being touristy...sue me :P ) to a neighborhood that put the urban in suburban and plopped my hungry hungry hippo a$$ down in this bad boy.  My friend and I were immediately greeted by a cute waitress and offer drinks (+1) We ordered up some some local brews and and a shared a medium Pepperoni, Sausage, & Mushroom pie. Th wait was about 20 minutes, in the meantime we watched as local after local came through, and perused their decor. Cools dive bar-ish like feel without the same crowd..and smell ^.^ The pizza was came out piping hot and overloaded with toppings! The real coup de grace was the delectable crispity crunchy blackened lasagna-like (in a good way!!) cheesy crust!I wolfed down 3 slices and called it quits...I would have loved to sit around for another beer or two and finish off the rest, but all good things must come to an end. Plus I had reservations for L20, but that's a different story and review all together.Just like the Morton Grove locale, but a little more "bar scene" and a little less "hole-in-the-wall"...yelp.com/biz/pequods-piz…Caramelized cheese looks so nasty but tastes so amazingly delicious!  That is all.It's no secret that Chicagoans are serious about their Pizza; well ladies and gentlemen...Let me introduce you to Pequod's.  Pequod's is by far the best deep dish Pizza in Chicago, by a long shot. My first visit to Pequod's was in 2005 and I was immediately hooked, until they burned down...fortunately for us they re-opened bigger and better than ever. Although the restaurant resembles a dive bar the décor is a preview of the rustic goodness of Pequod's Pizza. What makes Pequod's so special is the caramelized crusty edges. The crust is buttery goodness while the cheese and sauce are top notch.  The service is friendly, quick and efficient,  all of things I look for in a good Pizza joint. I would like to make one suggestion...order the fresh garlic on your pizza; it makes all the difference in the world. In the words of Dean Martin, "When the moon hits your eye like a big Pizza Pie that's Amore." And here is my rendition, "When the moon hits your eye like a big Pizza Pie that's Pequod's Yum."I'm usually a thin crust girl when it comes to pizzas, but I'd heard rave reviews about Pequod's and had to try the pan to see what all the fuss was about. If the review were just for the pizza, I'd give it 3 stars. It was good, but nothing I'd run back for, though the "caramelized" cheese around the edge of the crust is my favorite part. It was definitely plentiful and a medium pizza lasted my boyfriend and I two meals. The crust doesn't reheat very well, though, so I'd recommend only ordering what you think you can finish. The sausage was good, crumbled and fresh with just the right amount of spice. It was a little bready for my taste, though. The reason I'll be back is for the good service and good beer. We were seated right away on a busy, Saturday night, upstairs and in a back room I didn't know existed. Still, the atmosphere was lively and fun. There were lots of tvs showing various football games. The beer list was pretty good for what I was expecting. A few craft beers make the list, and we shared a reasonably priced pitcher of Great Lakes beer while waiting for our pizza. We had a great night and a great dinner there, so if I'm with someone who has a hankering for thick, pan pizza, I'll point them in the direction of the neon whale with a thong on his head.Picked up a pan pizza on the way home from shopping, it was really fast under 30 minutes and it looked pretty busy inside and smelled good too. I'd heard good things about Pequod's, so I was looking forward to trying it. I didn't love the pizza but there isn't any left...so I guess my hunger got the best of me. The pizza just tasted burnt and the dough was dry. If friends are going I would give Pequod's another try but if I'm looking for pizza I am going to order from 'Art of Pizza' or 'My Pie'.Out-of-towners inevitably want some deep dish pizza during their time in Chicago and Pequod's is where you should take them.  Lou Malnati's may have a bigger following, but there's something, that mom-and-pop like feel about this place that sets it apart.  Try their pan style with sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms and spinach and you'll be leave satisfied. It's an especially great spot for a Blackhawks game.I've been here twice now and I think I may have failed on ordering both times.  I knew the deep dish was what you come here for but I think I was confused or maybe drunk, I don't know.  The first time we ordered thin crust.  Right?  Seriously, it's like going to a steakhouse and ordering pasta.  I'm a moron.  It was still good pizza, don't get me wrong.  Nothing to do a little dance about.Six months later we made it back, yay!  We ordered the deep dish, yay!  I let my husband pick toppings and he went completely overboard, boo.  Sausage, mushroom, green pepper and onion.  I did not realized what a pile of stuff was going to come on our pizza.  Lots of toppings are okay for thin crust but deep dish, I really just want to taste crust, sauce, cheese.  The sausage pieces are about as big as my ears, FYI.  So it was deece but nothing mindblowing like I was honestly expecting.  The carmelized crust was okay but I'm thinking it would be even better if it wasn't suffocated by the garden growing on top of it.So I need to go back once more and get either a cheese or one topping pizza to figure out how it REALLY is.  The good part is that I love the vibe of this place, the servers are all really nice and pizzas don't take tooo long to arrive.  We always have an easy time finding parking on the weeknights too so I'll be back...Craving for pizza??...You can't go wrong at this place.  Whether you are into pan or thin, their signature caramelized crust makes Pequod's an original.  My girlfriend is not a big fan of pizza, but even she found it scrumptious. The atmosphere here is very welcoming, all types of customers, friends and families.  They have two floor levels and surely need both to seat the amount of customers that come in to eat and drink.I am going to dare say that Pequod's definitely gives Lou Malnati's a run for their money!Like Cristin M. I did not know going in that pan was "the thing". I really don't see how that could have made me like this pizza though. I ordered a small thin crust pizza with ground beef, basil, and mushroom. The ground beef was not GROUND. They should have called it meatball pizza. In addition, the meat tasted like crap. I ended up picking it all off just to make the pizza edible. And basil? Please, there was hardly any in there! Even that couldn't add flavor to the lackluster sauce on this pizza. It tasted no better than Chef Boyardee. Really!I came over here for the first time after a killer kickboxing session at Bally's across the street. (I know, counterproductive.) I had hardly had a bite all day and I was starving. I also wanted to catch the Monday Night Football game. Pequod's had the game on, but the volume was so low you could barely hear the commentary. Come on; this is a casual pizza joint. Turn up the volume!! The service was good enough, but was the pizza?This Pequod's reminds me of an alt-pizza joint. Like you have to be wearing a goofy winter hat, be a man with crazy long hair, or be wearing skinny jeans to really fit in. Funny, cute, and adds to the stlye and originality of the place. Maybe next time I stop in I'll get the pan pizza, add garlic and gardinera for a flavor boost and ask them to TURN UP THE GAME!Ok, so I'm not a fan of deep dish pizza. That's right, I said it.Anyway, an old friend came in from out of town and naturally wanted to get some Chicago style eats. Pequod's was her choice, I was just there for the conversation. Turns out that this is THE ONLY deep dish pizza that I've ever enjoyed. The caramelized cheese crust was awesome, but what I really liked was the fact that this wasn't just a pie crust filled with cheese, as I've had at many other places. The dough was fluffy and soft and the bottom of the pizza was super crispy.  All and all it was a damn good pizza. The service was great as well. Pricey beer, though. And just to clear things up - their mushrooms are NOT canned, as one other reviewer had said (all of our toppings were super fresh and yummy.)I may go back there someday if I'm ever wanting deep dish, but I don't really see that happening. Hey, at least now I know that I don't find all Chicago style pizza inedible! Kudos, Pequod's.I'm kind of embarrassed to say as a New Yorker that I've found my favorite pizza place in Chicago.Their crust is amazing. Caramelized chewy crust, beautifully cupping a sinkhole filled with sauce, cheese, and toppings. It's so flavorful. The appetizers were ordered were pretty forgettable - in fact, I don't even remember what we got. Just come here for the pizza.I came here with a group of more than 10 people and they were pretty accommodating. At first they tried to squish us into some tables put together, but then moved us upstairs where there was more space. Overall, the service was pretty good. So to sum up: good service, amazing pizza.amazing deep dish, those pans they use create a nice cooked crust.  Quality ingredients also make their pizzas so damn good.Try adding garlic as one of the toppings, you will be amazed.Better ingredients.  Better Pizza.  Pequod's Pizzeria!ps - make reservations here, this place can be packed on weekdays and weekendsThis is my favorite spot for Chicago style pizza.It is right by the Webster Place movie theater, so it is a perfect place to eat before or after a movie.I love the pizza because it has a delicious crispy crust, and they use plenty of cheese.They are open late!To me, pizza should be a thin folded thing you eat in the street or a thin thing seared by the flames of brick ovens. What's this pan thing?Pequods is the one deep dish that argues its case well enough with me.  I want everything to arrive in my life in a seasoned iron pan when I eat here.Yeah this location is chaotic, but I always wind up here, and the pizza has always outshone whatever dysfunction was going on with the service.  I'm pretty mellow.  What sells me is how I can chow down on this obviously insane pile of calories and yet never feel rock-in-stomach heavy or gross afterward. That's impressive.The "Chicago Style" I bother with consistently, and I've had all the major players.Just like any Chicagoan, I have tried a lot of different pizza.  Peqoud's is amazing.  They even deliver to my apartment, which is great.  I have dined at the restaurant once. It was busy, but we didn't have to wait long for a table. I really want to try the salad next time because someone at a table next to us had one and it looked delicious.  Also tried the mozzarella sticks, but they were pretty much standard. The other times, I have gotten delivery and it takes sort of awhile (45-hour) but the pizza arrives hot and fresh.The pizza. Obviously got the pan pizza.  I don't really like the bottom part of the crust, it's a little dry.  The caramelized cheese part was delicious and so were the sauce and cheese.  Peqoud's is definitly one of my top three pizzas of Chicago!Reasons why I'm in love with Pequod's:1. The atmosphere--this place has a real pizzeria feel, right down to the brick walls, the wooden booths, the TVs in every corner, and the little waitresses yelling out to the bartender "TWO DIETS" in a tubular Chicago accent whenever we asked for a refill on our pops.2. The people--this place is NOT pretentious. You won't find any yuppies or business suits here. The crowd is friendly, laid-back, and comfortable in their jeans and tee shirts. Another plus is that it's a little bit off-track from the typical tourist-destination Chicago pizza joints, so I don't see that many touristy family excursions here too often.3. The pizza--It's better than Giordano's, but then again, most pizzerias are. (Oh yeah, I just went there. ) The pan pies are fantastic. The dough actually has flavor, and then of course, there's that carmelized cheese. It may not be the best pizza you've ever encountered in your life (or maybe it is!), but it damn sure will come close. One downside to Pequod's--no free refills! I know, I know. What is this, like, 1876? Who doesn't give free refills nowadays? The first time that happened to me at Pequod's, I wound up ringing up a tab of $16 just on diet pepsi refills alone! Criminy!What's better on a Friday night!!  Beer and the best pizza in Chicago!!!!A friend was visiting from out of town and the Chicagoan's of the group all choose Pequod's.  Very easy to make a reservation, however, since they've remodeled the newer place has alot more seating.  Pitchers of beer were affordable, large pan pizza was to die for, and a medium thin crust was actually kinda gross.  I would not opt to get that at all.  Also, the garlic cheese bread was yummy too!All together the bill ended up being less than $17 per person!  Great dinner choice!!After all of the hype, I finally had Pequod's for the first time last night. (Thanks to grub hub, I discovered they deliver to my place!) The pizza was absolutely amazing. We got plain cheese and I wish I was still eating it right now! That caramelized cheese is to die for! I love cheese on anything and everything and the crust is no exception. The pizza was ready and delivered in an hour which is better than other local places I've tried.If you're looking for delicious pan pizza, Pequod's has to be one of the best in Chicago!This is in my top 5 favorite Chicago pizza places. The carmelized crust IMHO is why we go back and what sets it apart from my other favorites in the area. We usually order sausage and sometimes extra tomato and basil.We always order in (except for when company is in town) so that we don't have to wait for a table and pig out without being judged :)Damn good deep dish pizza.Got a sausage pizza and it was delicious. Caramelized crust added another level of flavor. Crusty was nice and buttery and crisp too.Also got wings which were great. I ate all of them so I was full before eating the pizza. I don't eat that much deep dish because I love thing crust so much, but I think I could fit Pequods into my weekly eating schedule.I have to tell you guys, pequod's has one of the best lunch deals around. $5 for a personal pizza and a fountain soda (or bud lite)? Pretty freaking great. Call ahead to have your pizza-eating perfectly timed and a table waiting. And it's a pretty hefty pizza, totally enough for lunch. Mmmmmm.Visiting Chi town from LA of course I  needed to try what they are known for so I Ordered a small deep dish with Sausage, mushrooms, and green peppers. The best part of the pizza is the crust...yummy "caramelized" crust...as referred in another review. I love thebig pieces of sausage. One slice was more than enough!!Tasty pizza. inappropriate logo. Sperm whale wearing a thong? Who's great idea was that. This is a satisfying place to eat. Loud atmosphere with TVs. I wouldn't say it is a must visit for a tourist from CA, but if you are in the neighborhood you belly will be happy.I like Pequod's. We went again for the second time recently and I liked it much better than the first time I had it. The crust was very crispy, the dough was not too doughy, and it had the perfect amount of toppings, cheese, and sauce. It's a great place to stop and split a pizza with friends before a movie. I can't say I'd drive over here to eat it, though. It's good and I am a fan...but not a fanatic. Skip the small salad and the creamy garlic dressing. It's blah, with 1,000 black olives, 1 slice of a Roma tomato, and 1 tablespoon of shredded carrots. The creamy garlic dressing tasted like sour cream with garlic powder mixed in. We should've split the fried zucchini. :( Oh well, lesson learned. I'm not sure why people refer to this as deep dish - it's not. It's pan pizza, it even says so on their menu. If you want deep dish pizza, don't come here. If you want great pan pizza, come here. We've never had a wait during the week, but we usually go to 7pm movies and get here around 5:30. When we do head out, I see only about 1 or 2 tables open, I can only imagine how nuts it is on the weekend. Great place to stop before heading over to the movie theater.I'd like to carmelize my shoes the way Pequod's carmelizes their crust. There's a few places that make pizza like this. Burt's and Gullivers to name a couple. I've heard some history from some friends that Burt originated both Pequod's and Gulliver's, then he sold the establishments and the recipes to have his own little nook outside of town. I dont care how it all wenkt down, I'm just happy places like this exist. There's nothing worse than a crappy pizza joint. Pizza Hut, Dominos, PaPa John's, Hungry Howie's, etc. etc. etc. The wait can be long for your pizza. Just order a salad and have a few beers to quell your impatience.I never realized that this little joint was SO incredibly good.  Being in Chicago pizza is like having lake michigan water its everywhere you go.  However, this has now made it in to my top 5 picks for Chicago.  Chicago pizza tours add this to the list YO!The pan pizza is kind of amazing.  I am a huge fan of the freshness of the pizza and ingredients they use. Specifically with the spinach, often times it can be frozen and not fresh but it is just freshly wilted on to that pizza and with their sauce truly satisfying.They have a limited selection of beers but they are seasonal and they have your standards for a divey pizza joint.  Don't expect much from the atmosphere and I am definitely bending this review from a 4 and a half start to 5 because I want to give it the full credit, but sometimes service can be a little lacking.  I have also called to have it delivered and although they get quite busy they stay with in the time frame they project, always tastes hot and fresh even though I live fairly far north.  WHICH is another plus that they deliver that far... But yeah I'm hungry just writing this.  AND get the sampler appetizer.  You won't be disappointed with fried goodness of all sorts.Within minutes of landing from NYC we had our target set for Chicago does best, Deep Dish Pizza. We had picked this place to branch out from the more ubiquitous spots that will remain nameless. Seated immediately and served with a smile we ordered up our pizza selection.  We got a small with sausage and 1/2 mushroom.  The pizza came out roughly 15 minutes later piping hot and was placed on the wood scrap trivet adorned on every table.  The server dished up each of us a slice.  The "caramelized" cheese around the edges gave it a unique texture but no burnt taste.  The pizza was a step above all the other deep dish pie I have ever tried in this fair city. The mushrooms made it a little messier but well worth it.  We even had a slice left between the two of us.  So I am snacking on it now during this review.  So glad to have tried this place.  The service was super friendly and very attentive.  They have a large selection of beers and a bunch of tvs on both floors.  So you can catch sports while dining if you need that sort of thing.  Yeah Pequod's!  Looking forward to maybe another round before I leave this great city of culinary delights.I was not impressed with this deep-dish pizza. The bread was super dense, and there was barely any cheese. Where are the proportions?!? The sauce was tasty (a little sweet, but no overwhelming). But again, it was as if I was eating toasted Italian bread. My deep dish experience at Giordano's was amazing (lots of bread, cheese, pepperoni, and sauce...equal proportions) and put this pie to shame.This is definitely NOT Spacca Napoli, which can be a good thing.  Delicious satisfying stick-to-your-ribs slightly carmelized goodness!Greasy, tons of toppings... hot heaping mounds of delicious-ness.  This is what Chicago-style pizza is supposed to be.  It seems a bit expensive ($20s for a pie) but if you can finish more than 2 slices of a large you're more of a man than I am.I highly recommend pep/mush combination... they cover the pizza with so many toppings you almost forget there's 5 pounds of cheese underneath.Delivery has always been quick and friendly.  Pizza always shows up hot.Cool point - reheats VERY well in the oven.  Which is good, because my 2 roommates and I were never able to finish a large.When they're one, they're on.  Great pizza!!  But when they're off, the "carmelization" is really just "burnt" and the crust is overpowering.  I used to love it, but I think I had too many off-nights & my cravings just no longer happen.  The lunch deal is amazing...makes me wish I lived in lincoln park.In terms of Chicago-style pizza, I think this is the place to be. I'm also a fan of Pizzeria Due, but I think Pequods wins out on taste; don't jump on my back for this judgment, I know that Chicago-style pizza loyalties are serious business.Anyway, this is a great spot to go for pizza, a Hawks game on TV, and some pretty decent beers on tap (all great options).  Mind you, if you're thinking 'oh, I'm getting pizza, this will be a cheap night out,' it's not that kind of joint.  While the atmosphere is very laid back, Peqouds adds up price-wise, though you really get what you pay for, and will never leave hungry.  Parking on the street kind of sucks, but transit isn't bad, nor are the bike routes getting there.I think this place is just that, a pizza place, and nothing more.I didn't get pizza, which was my first mistake.  My companion did, and he seemed to really enjoy his. I decided to get a meatball parm sandwich, and I think I am still upset that I did.The meatballs were disgusting. Sure, I'm italian and so it's kind of hard to please me, because mama always wins, but these were so salty, dark dark dark brown (they even seemed old) and rubbery -- as if they had been heated up in a microwave.  There was barely any sauce on the sandwich, which is good because it tasted burnt and old.I am going to give this three stars because a piece of my friend's pizza that I had, was delicious.LOOOOVE me some pequod's !!  Can't believe the first time I dined here I ordered the thin crust!  What was I thinking!?   "I guess I wasn't."  :-| Their pan pizza with the caramelized crust is of the most perfect thickness....you can eat it w/ your hands OR a knife and fork. The service is always friendly and the atmosphere is always lively.Pequod's offers a decent beer list and boasts a fully stocked bar.I would have Pequod's at least twice a month if it were closer to my house.I know, I know...you've probably read that same phrase on every yelp pizza place review. But this is the real deal, and I'll tell you why.First off, I live in Bridgeport...so pizza has to be FANTASTIC for me to drive to the north side. Second, they know how to make a real pizza! The caramelized crust is the perfect combination of baked/burnt/carmalization goodness. Also, they know how to put on the toppings. When I want sausage, I don't want little pea sized nuggets of ground beef mixed with table salt and pepper thrown on.  I want god damn chunks! A ballet of cheese and toppings and I want to see burned/backed tops as if the sausage was cooked on an open pit flame grill....Pequods does it.I went there recently with a small group of friends and we experimented with a Green Olive, Anchovies, and Jalapeño pizza....WOW! AWESOME!Now the interior does get to be a little sports bar like, but I'm here for pizza so I could give a crap about what game it on. The waitstaff is young and sometimes they're on the slow side...but its pizza! You sit down, order a beer, order the toppings you love...sit and enjoy the greatest pizza you'll ever have.Even though we're Palermo's die hards, we just had to try Pequod's after reading all the awesome reviews.  We love Palermo's sweet sauce, and numerous Pequod's reviews said the same thing.  If you didn't know any better you'd pass right by this place.  The outside is no frills and doesn't look like anything special.  Inside, the staff is very laid back and friendly; how can you not love servers that sport g-string wearing wales on their shirts?!  Want a Pequod's g-string?  They sell them!   The first thing we noticed besides the fun atmosphere is the fact that they sell Tucher beer.  I don't know anyone else who sells this deliciousness in a bottle.  The only place Tim's ever had it was in Germany.  We decided on the infamous pan pizza which certainly didn't disappoint.  Yes, there was a lot of crust but that's what a PAN pizza is people!!  The delicious slightly burnt crust and cheese is as good as everyone says it is.  I didn't think the sauce was sweet, but that certainly didn't make it bad.We ended up ordering Pequod's do be delivered about a week later.  This time we went for the thin crust just to see how it compared.  The thin crust was also very good, and yes, less crust.  Tim ended up ordering it last weekend, once again he ordered the pan.  We were afraid the pizza wouldn't be as good as it is when you eat in, but I saw little to no difference.The consensus?  Tim likes the pan better than Palermo's, but he thinks Palermo's is better when it comes to thin crust.  As much as I like Pequod's I still have to stand by my ol' favorite...Palermo's.  I certainly won't pass up an invite to go to Pequod's though, and next time I'm buying one of those g-strings.Yum. I found my Mystic Pizza. I was sort of hoping Julia Roberts would turn the corner and deliver my pizza while she yelled at her sister Kat for wearing her clothes.It has a family feel and its got that old pizzeria date night vibe to it.  Its got some great deals. Its near the movie theatre, so why not round out your perfect date night with a pint and a slice. Go to here please. Thank you!After having lived in Chicago for a few years and having tried many of the "famous" deep dish places I'll put it like this... skip them and go here.It's a funky place, when you walk in on any given night it seems like a sports bar that serves food, but when you get walked upstairs to seat for food (if you don't get sat in the front bar area) you'll see the nicer side of the place--but that's just the look. The pizza is the kicker, their thin crust is good, but you're in Chicago and you want pizza, that means unless you're headed north to Great Lakes then go for the real thing, the deep dish. The deep dish here is awesome, unfortunately, those of us who have tried know that delivered deep dish is NEVER as good--the metal pans they use for eating in-house are key.In short, don't go for the ambiance go for the deep dish, and if you are lucky enough to be taking a date who likes a good deep dish, take her (or him) along order a pint or two and enjoy the amazing deep dish Pequods has to offer.Not the biggest fan of deep dish, but when the guests are in town they all ask for "real Chicago deep dish" being a good host I decided that we would try some different places that I heard of around the city. Pequod's was on the list and I was completely shocked at how much I liked it. I thought Art of Pizza was pretty good, but this is my new go to deep dish spot when people come into town. I don't know what it was...it was that there wasn't a ton of cheese, and don't get me wrong I LOVE CHEESE, but usually I feel like there is too much cheese in deep dish pizza. The sauce was perfectly flavored. The part that hooks you forever though is the crust. The dough itself is a good flavor, not too buttery or overpowering but its really the cheese melted onto the side of the pan that has become one with the dough. Its a marriage made in heaven. Talking about it right now makes me want to go to Pequod's for the 3rd time in a week...is that gross? Yes, but you have to try this crust before you judge.  Also, the wings are great too! Definitely get the wings, they are a little spicy and a whole lot of perfect.  They're a great appetizer if you can't wait for your pizza.We went to Pequod's for some slices before a movie. The staff was very accommodating after we told them this, and got us in and out very fast, which we appreciated. They definitely get an A+ for service. But the slices tasted pretty horrible--actually, they didn't taste like anything at all, probably some of the blandest pizza I've ever had. The fried appetizer basket was very good, though.That said, our experience besides the pizza was so pleasant that I would probably give them a try for fresh pizza. If you're going to Pequod's, definitely give the slices a miss, but let me know if the stuff right out of the oven tastes better.I have a weird, dual-CHI/NYC-citizenship friend. She's originally from Chicago, but made the move to NYC half a decade ago. So she's technically Chicagoan.... but much more a NYCer. She loves her new city, but craves the (better) food of our fair city.She was back in town and wanted deep dish pizza. The tourist-usual wouldn't do, as we wanted local flare~Hello, Pequod's! Waitstaff wasn't checking in on us too often, but we enjoyed that as it gave us girls time to catch up. The crust of their "pan" pizza is awesome. I was hoping for a bit more sauce, but the pie was good overall.We'll be back, P!THE best spot that offers Chicago Style deep dish...no joke! And what's so special about this place is their caramelized butter crust. There are hundreds of pizzarias around Chicago and their burbs but none offer the caramelized butter crust that Pequod's does.Fresh toppings, AWESOME lunch menu ($5 for a personalized pizza?!), great selection of drinks (mainly beer), and great customer service. All of the times I have gone there has always been a wait so come early if you're impatient and starving. (=MUST TRY!!!!!! Even if you're not a big pizza fan.Stopped in here the other night to try it for the first time. We ordered a deep dish sausage and pepperoni. I had a group of 4 and we are some pizza veterans so we are hard to please and all have different tastes. Plus, we have tried all the north and south side pizza joints and downtown too. Pequods was hands down the greatest pizza I have ever had. The dough was perfect, sauce was perfect, the carmalized cheese edges were great. It was really the best. A z-large fed 4 people perfectly and we grabbed two orders of fries for a side dish. The price for that was great. The only down side was the beer prices. There are absolutely no drink specials all week long and a pitcher cost us around $18. Kind of expensive for a neighborhood place but it's ok. If i go again, I'll skip the beer and hit a bar afterwards. Like I said everything else was perfect. The atmosphere is fun and the customer service is great too.Summary: Great deep dish pizza, with crispy caramelized crust.Came with a friend (local) and split a deep dish pizza. Was very filling, buttery, and rich, with a crisp cheesy crust.If I wanted deep dish pizza, would come back again.Best Deep Dish in Chicago - beats out Gino's, Lou's, Uno's, and Pizanno's for sure.  Don't be scared by the awning that is falling apart or the ancient looking sign...it is all worth it in the end.I have had the thin crust - don't waste your time and stick to the deep dish (Go to Pat's Pizza for thin crust)Came during lunch and ordered the lunch special: 7 inch personal pizza with one topping and a soft drink or miller lite draft for $5. Available weekdays btwn 11 and 3 or 4. Ok for this price this place automatically gets 3 stars. Freakin' steal. I was very excited to come here because Pequod's is frequently mentioned as one of the best deep dishes in town, especially by locals and by people who know pizza. Sure if you are visiting for a weekend you might want to try some of the more famous pizzerias but if you've done all that, Pequod's is a must try. So I tried..."OMG OMG." That's the reaction I wanted to have when I ate the pizza. But I didn't. It was a very good and solid pizza but it was missing the magical "wtf" moment that I had when I first bit into my pizza at Lou's or Uno's. Each bite didn't make me crave the next here. I think it's the crust. It wasn't special enough. Good but not special. I won't walk away remembering how great the crust is, and that's not good considering the incredible amount of competition in Chicago. Overall, a very good and solid pizza, and would be my go-to place if I were anywhere else but Chicago. But because I am in Chicago, I don't think I'll really ever hunt this place down again.I feel terrible for cheating on my beloved Gino's east.  But, alas it had to be done.Pequods for sure is by far the BEST DEEP DISH pizza in Chicago...well...ok its as good as Gino's East.  I love the spinach and garlic, it's amazing.Definitely has a decent crowd, went on a weeknight and it was great.Also has pretty cool lunch specials for anyone thats in the area that can stop by for lunch...Great Beer list as well.Dessert...meh..go somewhere else (they get it from a bakery anyway...the carrot cake...not the best just fyi)...and service is pretty awesome.will be back for sure!I have tried both thin crust and their regular pan (which is more like a semi-deep dish). I've got to say that I enjoyed their thin crust much much more.  The cheese they use has a very unique aroma and flavor I haven't tasted on any pizza before; it was REALLY GOOD.They serve a decent selection of beer on tap and bottled. Service was more of a sports bar attitude and not a dining institution.  Regardless, the food is good and service is not bad.  It is a good go-to spot for late night pig outs on those weekends where you kinda want to drink a little and eat but can't decide where to go.It does get pretty crowded, but getting seated gets much easier with just 2 people.First, the bad news: we started with a salad and the dressing had a weird congealed Miracle Whip texture that had me questioning, "What the fuck???"  But you don't go to Pequod's for salad, so moving on...The good news: Everything else was great.  Substantial crust with a medium-bodied sauce.  We got our pizza with garlic, sausage, and basil. The sausage on their pizza is the best I've had- good balance of texture, freshness and flavor that probably results from some fennel/oregano shenanigans. It really doesn't matter what's in the damn sausage.  It was good.  My beer was nice and frosty, which is a minor detail that a lot of places miss the mark on.  Who drinks a warm, sweaty beer with their pizza besides a tailgater in the summer?  My point exactly.  The service was also friendly without being stifling. Next time I want extra sausage!Solid. I had Pequod's for the first time several days ago after hours of basketball. My exhaustion and hunger must have added to the flavor of the pizza. There are not too many places where I enjoy their thin crust pizza. My buddies and I ordered the large thin crust with spinach and sausage. The sauce was thick, but tasty (where have i heard that before? kidding, kidding). My buddy didn't think it was tomato-y enough, but I thought it was pretty good. The only gripe I have about the pizza was that the spinach did not mix well in there. It made my mouth feel weird from the texture of the spinach, so I would recommend not getting the spinach in the thin crust. We also ordered some chicken wings. It was not that great. I can cook some better wings off my foreman grill to be honest. Which is why I had to knock down the rating here! Come for the pizza, but don't stay for the wings!Yes the pizza was unique and different than what I am used to having here in Chicago but I have to say that Lou's is still my favorite.The sausage had really good flavor and I enjoyed my meal, minus one star for the abrupt and kinda rude hostess ;0(We just got off the O'hare International airport and the first thing came into mind was "Deep Dish Pizza".  Oh yeah, it's our first time in Chicago and my husband and I were craving for what Chicago is known for.  Thanks to Yelp and all the Yelp followers for helping me find this gem of a restaurant.  It was lunch time and the restaurant just opened up.  Before you know it, within less than an hour, it was packed - I kid you not.  They have a wicked lunch special.  Thank goodness for that lunch special cause my husband and I would not be able to finish up two pies (husband is a vegetarian and I love my meat).  I barely finished my small personal pie.   The pie was so tasty, with the red sauce and the sausage tasted just like the sausage I would get on my pie in NYC.  The crust was nice and crunchy, which added a nice texture to the pie.  Yes, it does take time for the pie to come out, it's deep dish what do you expect.  They have to thoroughly cook the dough properly.They serve alcohol, but I really was more famished than thirsty.  And this restaurant did the right thing, by making their authentic Chicago deep dish pie. Oh by the way, Lou Malnati's is too generic, especially that I saw that it's all over Chicago.  I am a huge supporter of the small stores that make a huge impression on their food and attitude because that's what you need to survive in the food industry.  Give this place a shot, you will not regret it.  My husband and I surely don't.  We know pizza, we are from NYC----land of Italian restuarant...need I say more.Made my second visit to Pequod's last Friday; I will have to go back more often for sure.  I was big on the carmelized crust the first time around but the pepperoni toppings and the sauce were a minor letdown.  This time, on the advice of my new friend Jeremiah, we got a medium deep dish with sausage...damn, this was good.  The meat was incredible and the crust was slightly less burned this time out so I could take down every inch of real estate.  Service was fast and the crowd was lively....in fact, when we left around 7, there was a huge line outside.  Didn't know Pequod's was this popular!Had pretty high hopes for this place based on some friends' recommendations and general internet sleuthing, and we were disappointed.Service was on the slow side. I expect to wait a while for deep-dish, but this was ridiculous, well over 90 minutes after ordering.The pizza wasn't worth that wait. The carmelized cheese on top was delicious and the sausage was great, but the slices ended up being 80% bread, and too dry to enjoy very much. I really wasn't expecting to say, "there wasn't enough cheese or sauce", but that's exactly what happened.Based on all these other glowing reviews, we must have just had an off night, but I don't live in Chicago, so it'll be a long time if I ever get to go back. Disappointed.Nothing special. Lincoln Park people seem to love it for some reason...  Much better pizza elsewhere.... This might seem like great pizza to all the out of state people that flock to chicago, but as an Illinois native it is bland and pitiful. I wouldn't spend my money here again. Group of 10 ordered 4 pizzas, 4 appetizers and a round of drinks total was $500...This is THE best Chicago style pizza.  The pan pizza is just the best, I think it would win next to any other Chicago style pizza.Hands down, the BEST Chicago style pizza you can get.  I've been to the tourist trap places all throughout the Chicago area.  This IS the place to go when you're in Chicago for Chicago style pizza.The quality of the dough and the toppings is amazing.   I just had a sausage and pepperoni and the quality of the meats is surprising for a pizza place.  Too often pizza places cut corners on the toppings to increase profit margins.  Not this place.  My friends and I were joking that we could all just make a meal of the sausage used for the topping, it was that good.A lot of reviewers here on Yelp talk about the "crust".  More specifically, it's the crispy edges of the crust.  I've never seen it done anywhere else, but Pequod's "burns" the very edges of the pizza and it produces this toasty, cheesy goodness that defies words.  You will definitely find yourself, finding ways to eat the edges, even after your full.My last visit here was in the summer of 2011 and I've been obsessing over their pizza ever since. I guess it's good that I'm from out of town. otherwise, I'd be here every weekend (and a much larger person to boot).If you're in Chicago, it's worth the 15 minute drive up to get some of this iconic pizza.Amazing deep-dish pie and definitely worth the trip out from downtown.Pequod's was my first experience of authentic Chicago pizza and it was pretty tasty.  Being from NJ, I have a bias towards east coast pizza and Pequod's didn't do anything to change my mind on that debate.  That being said, the sausage "pizza" I had was delicious.  The sauce was a little too sweet, but other than that, I really enjoyed everything else.  The restaurant itself had a nice feel to it with exposed brick walls.  If you like the Blackhawks, then this would be a great place to hang out for a game. The is packed with Blackhawks stuff.LOVE this place!! Easily one of my favorite pizza joints in Chicago. I live and die by Lou Malnati's, but this is a solid alternative if I don't feel like waiting 2 hours to dine in. Probably some of the best Chicago style pizza I've ever had; their toppings are high-quality, and the crust isn't too dense or bogged down with too much sauce/toppings. I LOVE their sausage pizza, and I always order it with the giardiniera, which tastes awesome! Laid back dining in environment, and friendly staff. Good place to catch a Hawks game over a good pizza and some beers. Highly recommend it!!This deep dish pizza is super bready and not so cheesy.  It reminded me of a slightly worse personal pan at Pizza Hut.My favorite deep dish in the city that started it all. It's that good, go try it. Now!Best pizza in the city in my humble opinion.  I've tried every other big name place, but none of them really match up to what Pequods does, and it seems like everyone I take there/have eat food from there agrees.  The whole concept of the crust being caramelized cheese sounds a little strange at first, but believe me, you get used to it after about oh, 1 bite.Also, they have a very good/cheap lunch special(at least they did the last time I was there).  Places like this make me wonder why Pizza Hut and "pizza" places of that ilk are even still in existence.I didn't have the deep dish.  I had the thin crust.  I did not like the taste of the sauce or the cheese mix on this pizza tho, So I do not think that I would have like the deep dish if it used the same.I actually didn't like it enough to finish eating, I just ate candy at the movies.I did however like the fried zucchini!First let me get this off my chest: I don't like deep dish pizza.  I think it's gross and heavy.I also don't like most paper-like crispy thin crust.  Sorry, I just don't.However, the thin crust is really the best in the city.   It's not so thin that it snaps in half, it's probably more like a thin hand toss.  I have lived here a while now and haven't found my pizza stride till Pequod's. We have eaten (ate?) there - the place was packed and we had to wait a while for a table - I think that's normal for good food in the area.  We had a basic italian salad with dinner and it was OK, thankfully the pizza was less mediocre.We have also had take out several times.  Searching on the internet, we could find no coupons.  Sad, because that's really the best way to order take out food.Don't really know what I could say here that the other 400+ reviews haven't already said.  But my wife and I just love this place.We probably end up here about once every two weeks or so.  Its really between this place and Pizanos.  Those are our two favorites.So I'm sure at least 300 out of the 400 reviews have mentioned that this places staple is the carmalized cheese that surrounds the crust.  Really tasty!  If there is one knock against this place, its that the amount of cheese on the pizza can vary at times.  It varies from the perfect amount, to barely noticeable on the pizza.  I get really sad when its the latter, but fortunately thats fairly rare.Anyway, great place, some of our favorite pizza in the city.Who would have known that next to the Thai place there was this gem that I have been seeing so often is soo good!! We had a slice of pizza(thin crust) with spinach.. it was so tasty! the cheese melts in your mouth.. and it has a great texture. The service was great also.This place is def. worth it!! will be backI still contend that this is a poor man's Burt's, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing, especially since I am a pizza snob.  The key differences between this location and the Morton Grove original are that the inside has been renovated in the last 20 years, the location is in a pretty happening part of town, and it is not located on block from Burt, who is the non Malnati godfather of Chicago Pizza.  A combination of these three factors makes this location much more crowded than the original, and the burnt crust great pizza might have something to do with it as well.  It was Friday night and we had a party of 6, so it took about 40 mins to get a table, which is fine, since it gets super crowded.  I think they do reservations but require a credit card or something, which makes sense.  Dinner is always interesting eating with some people you don't know too well, especially when a couple of them want to order for the whole table.  I was fine with it since my dietary needs were taken care of, but when one of them tried to order thin crust, we had to quietly explain what city we were in and things got back to normal.  An added plus was one of the people does not eat crust, meaning I got double the burnt goodness!Being from the land of Papa John's....mmmmm...thin crust with mushroom.........I wasn't sure what to expect with Chicago Style Pizza. After I kept asking around what one of the best neighborhood places to get deep dish was, I was told Pequod's was a great place to go.So I set out, excited....yay! Chicago deep dish! I went when I first moved here and again recently.Boy, I'm really not a fan. It's decent, and the caramelized crust is good, but I found it a little greasy for my taste. Also, the thing that really bugged me the most...nit picky, I know, but I adore mushrooms, and Pequod's does not use fresh ones; their mushrooms are canned.That ruined the pizza for me. Price is pretty average for what you'd pay...I wasn't shocked by the bill. Service is good. Place has a sticky feel in the air. I'd eat here again if I was in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. And then I learned...this isn't Chicago deep dish pizza...so wtf did I come here for?I've been to most of the major "touristy" deep dish pizza players here in Chicago, so when my friends invited me to Pequods, I was definitely game.  We arrived at 7:00 on Friday night and our party of 5 was seated in under 5 mins.  I give MAJOR props for that.  I thought the food was a little underwhelming.  We ordered a medium sausage and a large peperoni.   They are famous for their pan (deep dish) pizza and the caramelized, burnt cheese crust.  I was expecting it to be better than it sounded, but wasn't really digging the taste-- too much burnt, not enough caramelized.  The crust goes on for DAYS too.  Where a lot of pizza places fill the deep dish with cheese, Pequods uses a tremendous amount of bread.  It did make one slice quite filling, which added to the bang for your buck prices-- as long as you like tons of crust.  The sausage was my favorite part.  Very satisfying-- just the right amount of sweet, salty and spicy.    Pequods didn't make my Top 5 on the Chicago Pizza list, but it delivers a solid pizza for a good price.The deep-dish pizza was good here.  Friend and I ordered the deep-dish with sausage and mushrooms.  The sausage was good, kind of home-style rustic feel with big chunks of it all over.  At first I thought the crust was burnt, but later figured out it was burnt / crispy cheese which was very interesting, and quite tasty.  Service was excellent here as well, very attentive and courteous.In summary, good food, okay prices, good services.The Best Pan Pizza in Chicago.  Its not "Chicago" style - just pan with a really really really crispy crust.  I'll take this over any pizza in Chicago when I'm not craving thin crust.Please - Everyone at least try this one.BTW - I've been told the crust gets a little soggy when you "carry out".  You owe it to yourself to sit down and eat one of these pies straight from the pan!My favorite Chicago deep dish pizza!  It may not be the "traditional" deep dish, but I think it tastes the best.  You gotta love that slightly burnt, caramelized pan pizza crust.  It's kinda like Pizza-Hut-meet-deep-dish (but better tasting).  I really like the large chunks of toppings.  The red sauce complements the crust and the toppings well.  Unlike Giordano's or the other big name pizzas, Pequod's isn't loaded with cheese.  That's a good thing - it's nice to be able to walk somewhat after a meal, rather than being immobilized with cheese in your veins.  It's also cool that Pequod's still remains more of a local restaurant than a huge chain (like the other Pizzerias) that is expanding to every suburb known to man.Recommendations: gotta get deep dish, be prepared for a wait unless you go early, and order some meat toppings even if you're a vegetarian :)Overall good experience. The waitress was friendly and attentive. Got Mozzarella sticks and deep dish pizza with sausage topping recommended by the waitress. The Mozzarella sticks was nearly perfect. The crispiness was just right, and the cheese.. oh my the cheese.. tastes so good that I could finish them even without the dipping sauce. Now the deep dish.. maybe I was expecting too much from it, but I can't say it tasted amazing. The cheese, again, was really really good, and I definitely loved the crust. But the sauce and sausage somehow lacked some 'character'. It tasted alright, but not so impressive to me. That's the main reason for 3 stars.Next time you go to the neighborhood, at least grab some Mozzarella sticks there. You won't be disappointed!when it comes to pizza... i'm always down...I went here last week and the pizza is still on my mind!The deep dish is hands down one of the best I've ever tasted!  I can't wait to go back.  How can I explain their pizza?  The crust isn't over buttery but has a flavor of it's own!  The cheese infuses with their sauce and their italian sausage wassssss heavenly!The price was totally decent I think for a small deep dish we spent a total of 25 dollar with an appetizer!Give it a go!I was not all that impressed with Peaquod's.  Its OK but only really OK.  The caramelized crust is good but not amazing.  I don't really like the sausage they use (flavorless and put on in big globs on top). It does have a decent laid back old school neighborhood bar vibe.  I had recently been to Buddy's in Detroit which absolutely kills this place and that might be part of my disappointment.  Does Detroit really crush us in deep dish?  WTF?!Go to Pequod's.  Today, this weekend, this month - no excuses.  Don't wait any longer.  Their deep dish pizza is to die for.  It might be the best in the city.  The sides of the crust are crunchy goodness.  The bottom crust is firm and can hold the mound of toppings.  We had a large deep dish with green olives, pepperoni, and giardiniera.  Oh my goodness.  Go here soon!!!And their wings - so tasty.  They aren't buffalo style, but are spicy and have a unique flavor.  If you do not devour them, my guess is that you are feeling sick, and therefore your hunger is impaired.  You know how it goes if you have the flu or another similar illness.And it is open late too!Mmmm, Pequod's. Probably my third favorite Chicago pizza, behind Due's and Malnati's (back off you Giordano's weirdos!). I think I actually like the location in Morton Grove better, for the divey ambiance, but the pizza is killer at either location.As many, many others have said, the crust is amazingly caramelized and crispy. They don't dump a ton of cheese on the pizza, so you can actually taste the sauce and crust. A must try!Think of this as pizza hut on performance enhancers.  This is not your typical Chicago deep dish...it's not stuffed and the crust is extra thick.  The pizza is a amazing...with the little carmalized cheese..whooff.  They use quality ingrediants such as fresh mushrooms as opposed to canned, big pieces of fresh made ital. suasage, etc.  reasonably priced for what you get.The delievery takes for ever.Go at lunch! You get a personal pan and a beer for less than 5 bucks.Whhhhaaaatttttt? In Chicago? It's true.And DELISH.This could quite possibly be the best pan-style crust pizza I've had. yes. it. is. that. good.Loved the ambiance, the decor, the overall feeling I had when I was dining in.The server was top notch and sweet. Bonus points for that.It would make a great date night before heading to the movie theatre within walking distance. :)I'm a Pequod fan for sure. :)Solid deep dish. The crust is awesome, by carmelizing cheese around the periphery it takes it to a whole new level. Sauce was very good as well. Lots of flavor. We did a green pepper, sausage, onion and the secret ingredient my buddy Monte went with, fresh garlic. Solid choice. Ambiance would be best described as chill. I saw another review call it blue collar, which i wasn't too sure about. But it's just lacking any pretense or BS. In a good way. Ok selection of beers, so all in all we'll be heading back here.I love this place!Little neighborhood Pizza joint with a great vibe and amazing deep dish pizza - will be back!Place is popping due to the long wait. The pizza is NOT that special as what some say it is. Its not even a deep dish, they call it pan so why are some are saying its deep dish. Don't get me wrong, pizza is good but not worth the wait.Place is small and cramped. You could barely move in there.I had heard about this place awhile ago and then when another friend mentioned that a coworker of his recommended it, we decided to go. We ended up getting a table on the second floor and each ordered our own small pizza. I had spinach and he ordered sausage. I'm a HUGE fan of Giordano's and this pizza was different from theirs, but different doesn't mean bad. Basically, there was less cheese, more sauce. A good amount of spinach, although I feel there could have been more, but I don't know that most people love spinach as much as I do. The most interesting thing about the pizza is the carmelized crust, which makes the crust worth eating if you're not normally a fan of the crust. My friend was figuring that he could finish off the small pizza, but that didn't happen. It's definitely more filling than it appears to be. We could have shared one pizza and finished it (if only we could have agreed on a vegetarian one!) but instead, we both ended up taking home leftovers. I had my leftovers two days later and it was almost as yummy as the night we had the pizza in the restaurant. I would definitely go back again if I happened to be in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. Giordano's continues to maintain a special place in my Chicago style pizza eating heart.Lou Malnati's will probably always be my #1, but this place got me thinking twice!  Pequod's looks small on the outside, but we were seated upstairs and there was sooo much room! Who knew?We ordered a SMALL deep dish with mushroom and sausage for 2 people and we still had a slice left over!  The pizza is very filling.I love the crispy crust and the sausage topping was really tasty. Will be back soon.Well....my boyfriend and I stopped in here, prompted by the plentiful Yelp reviews and high rating as we passed through Chicago on our way from NYC to rural IL for a wedding.We ordered two salads and a small deep dish pizza with black olives to split. The salad was hard to eat. The lettuce was tough and tasted very bitter.The pizza...was disappointing. Granted we are used to thin crust pizza(I am a waitress in a place that serves amazing brick oven thin crust pizza) or the thinner crust regular NYC style pies, but the thing that bothered me about this pizza was that the crust, like the part under the cheese and sauce I mean, was very sweet. I also felt that there was a ton of cheese on the pie and not that much sauce. The one very good thing about this pizza was the outside crust. The cheese and bread caramelized to form this amazingly tasty crunchy ring around it. I wish the whole pizza tasted that irresistible!Service was unwelcoming. There were college kids working there and the hostess rolled her eyes a lot and they huddled in the corner chatting and eating cereal from a ziplock bag while leaning all over the bar and looking generally miserable and unenthused- the kind of behavior that would get me in trouble at any of the places I worked.5 stars for the pizza, 2 stars for the service.  This is probably my favorite pizza in Chicago- I love their sauce and the crust is crispy.  I've ordered it for delivery and dined in, and while the atomosphere is fun delivery is much more reliable if you have a time constraint.  Went here on a Friday night with a reservation but still needed to wait for a table (which is fine, but some indication of how long we'd wait/an apology would have been nice), and our pizza took about an hour an 10 minutes when we were told it would be 40. I understand that it was a busy night, but our server avoided contact with us during that time without any explanation.  I think there may have been some mix-up, which again is fine, but don't ignore us.  Definitely plan on around 2 hours for dinner if you're eating there. It wasn't ideal, but the upstairs part is great and the pizza is worth it.Don't let Pequod's fly under your deep dish pizza radar!  I love pizza.  I love deep dish pizza, and Pequod's is exceptional.  The crust- the edges are super crispy and kind of carmelized but the bottom is thick and doughy.  The sauce- Pequod's does not skimp on the sauce which I love, and the cheese is gooey and perfectly portioned to the amount of sauce on the pie.  I've eaten in and also had pizzas delivered.  Either way, it is great!  The service is wonderful, and the pizza is truly fantastic.There's little to add, but I'll just note that this place was founded by Burt Katz, who went on to found Burt's Place up in Morton Grove. If you're not fond of "traditional" Chicago style deep dish (I'm not) try this place anyway - the Pequod's/Burt's style is a fantastic, unique twist on Chicago deep dish. Most importantly, this location has pizza that is nearly identical to what you'll find at Burt's - the defining characteristics are the caramelized crust, a thick, cake-like crust, and comparatively thin layer of cheese.The procedure for eating here is not nearly as challenging as it is at Burt's. I've been to this location a number of times and have never had to wait for a table. Also, try the garlic bread. It's incredible.Amazing food. The pizza is easily the best deep dish pizza I've ever had. The fried cheese and marinara sauce was top notch as well. The waitresses could give patrons more attention though. Ours checked on us only once, but she was quick about filling our requests.The decor is about what you'd expect for a local sports bar turned restaurant. I recommend seating upstairs as it's more family friendly and less "bar".Not sure how I haven't written a review since I go to Pequod's pretty much any chance I can get. Their lunch special during the week is a ridiculous bargain. Great place to take out-of-town guests that is real Chicago and not a tourist trap. The carmelized crust on the pizza is so good. I can't get enough.pequod's,you are the definition of pizza heaven.if you are looking for a great lunch special and fun atmosphere this is definitely the place to be.4.95 for pizza and beer!? who can beat that?! plus super friendly service and delicious cocktails.don't let the outside fool ya! next time i'm buying myself a tshirt. :)Delicious pizza and open late! That is a winning combination to me. I love that they are open late at night and their pizza is outstanding. I have taken many dates to Pequad's and they are always impressed! Friendly service and usually the service is pretty fast(expect it to take longer if you order the awesome deep dish with the carmelized crust!). I am not that crazy about their spaghetti and meatballs though.WOW is all I can say. This place is amazing. I grew up in Chicago and have had pizza from all the best places, at least I thought so until last night. We had a small group of 3 couples and everyone (2 Canadians and 4 Chicagoans) thought this was the best pizza we have ever had.  We tried a Deepdish and a thin crust. While I prefer a thinner, thin crust the crust was amazing. The deep dish had the caramelized crust which was a first for us all, and we thought it was really good.Our server was just as good as the pizza, friendly and attentive.I never give reviews, but for this place, I had to make an exception. My husband brought me here 3 years ago, and I'm sorry to say, that after giving it a second chance - I was as disappointed today, as I was then. Seriously bad pizza. I have absolutely no idea why the good reviews. The pan pizza (we had both times) is all bread and very, very little cheese...and waaaaaay too much mediocre sauce. Good ambiance, but that's no reason to go anywhere to eat. Bad, bad, bad. Bad, bad.I have has this pizza before and thought it was a bit overrated. After wanting to give it another shot, I attempted to place an order for delivery. I am a block outside their delivery zone, and was told I could not order. I asked about the extra $1 charge for a further delivery (one extra block for a dollar is a good deal), and still was told we worn deliver there. "Why does it say to call about locations on the fringe on your website then?" Still, the manager said we won't deliver there. Poor customer service, I didn't know it was that hard to get a pizza place to take your money.The best, repeat, THE BEST DEEP DISH IN CHICAGO.We will get to the pizza in a moment, but first, everything else...Great local beer selection, great menu (outside of the pizza), fun atmosphere and a very nice staff.The pizza...life changing. For me, anytime you can say that the last bite you have of a meal is the best, well, you have yourself a good meal. It says something of a place when each bite gets better and better.Eat your meat loaded pizzas with a knife and fork, then save the crust and a tiny bit of sauce that escapes from your pie for dipping. The crust is the...freaking...best. The restaurant has been using the same deep dish pans since the dawn of man and all of those little garlic, cheese, oil and meat juices from the pans are seared right into the crust for the climax. I find it amazing that I can say that the best part of this pizza is the crust. Everything else is great...the cheese, the meats, the sauces...but the crust. Wow.If you are visiting Chicago and want some authentic deep dish, this is the spot where the locals go. And, it's never as insanely busy as the other touristy places that serve deep dish. It's very casual and feels like a neighborhood joint, which it totally is.Best goddamn pizza in all of Chicago.  Let's face it.  When you come to Chicago, you are looking for the deep dish and these guys got it right.  While I know it's supposed to be all about the sausage, I'm still a huge peperoni fan.  We always get the peperoni and sausage combo and order a large hoping that there will be some left over to save for later.  The pizza crust is more like a pie having just the right amount of crispness and sweetness.  They've got a descent selection of beers from Goose Island, Half Acre, and some other midwest favorites.Easily my favorite pizza in Chicago. The sauce is just so savory and perfect. The crust is fantastic, and everything just goes so well together. This is place gets super crowded, so I'd definitely recommend going with a small group. I always want to eat here, I just love it so much. Perfect before going over to the theater across the street.Best deep dish pizza in Chicago! I also tried Chicago Pizza Oven & Grinder Co and Lou Malnati's, but Pequod's Pizzeria was hands-down the best pizza I have ever had in my life! Even though my friends and I had to wait 45 minutes for the pizza, it was well worth the wait! Amazing!Five stars. This pizza is excellent!! I grew up in Chicago and I'll tell you, I would take this place any day over Lou's,Gino's or Uno's.  Just outstanding and consistent. Now keep in mind I always take it out, I've never sat down for dinner although we did have a party upstairs for my God daughters baptism and that worked out nicely as well.Great pizza, great company.However, after getting a medium pizza that cost me a fortune delivered, was not worth it. Taste is wonderful, but maybe not the most cost effective for delivery.In a city full of awesome pizza joints, Pequod's easily holds its own.  What makes it so good is that it is completely different from other pizzas in town.  The standard Pequod's pie falls somewhere between the ubiquitous Chicago deep-dish and the standard delivery fare.  The crust is thick, but light and buttery, the sauce is substantial, but not too sweet, and the burnt, crispy cheese hugging the crust is a thing of beauty.  Sure, once you knock down a couple slices, you'll feel like an aggressive baby is trying to punch his way out of your stomach.  But I'm a firm believer that sometimes you need to suffer for your food.The crust is amazing. The toppings are solid.  The service is good.  They remodeled but I still like the atmosphere.  I just wish the bread/crust was a little thinner on the pan pizzas (-1 star).  NOT the outer caramelized crust but the rest of the pie.    Either way, one of the best PAN pizzas around and I'm a pizza snob.I love the crust!  That is the best part!  It's crumbly and light - not too doughy like a lot of deep dish places in the city.  The caramelized edges are so good.  We got Green Pepper and Tomato - our favorite combo.  I could care less about the service at a pizza joint - it was really busy the door kept opening like every 2 minutes....but the staff handled it well.  We didn't wait for anything expect our check.  Great pizza!!!!  I will certainly go back :)Since I've relocated from upstate New York to Chicago one of the consistent questions I get from friends and family has been "how's that great Chicago pizza". Unfortunately I haven't been able to answer it with enthusiasm. I've tried the places that people rant and rave about; Gino's East, Giordano's, Pizano's, Pieces and a few others. While none of them were disappointing, they didn't live up to the expectations of Chicago pizza. I thought maybe that the great Chicago deep dish was a myth, something we New Yorkers had made up. Then I found Pequod's Pizzeria. Now that's some Chicago deep dish pizza!Pequod's has a very unassuming location on the 2200 block of North Clybourn. The seating area appears clean and tidy, but reminds you more of a bar than it would a pizzeria. The staff there is friendly and courteous, greeting and seating us the minute we stepped in. They even offered us better seating in the rear to get away from the cold air coming in as patrons entered and exited the restaurant. They serve both deep dish and thin crust pizzas in small, medium and large sizes (10", 12", 16") along with an array of appetizers. They offer an assortment of toppings but this being my first adventure I decided to stick with the tried and true topping of pepperoni. While we waited, a couple next to us was putting a hurting on a medium pizza that looked really good. They overheard us talking and piped in with "This is going to be the best pizza you've had in the city". High praise but I had heard it all before.The pizza came out and it looked absolutely delectable. The first thing I noticed is that the edge of the pizza appeared to be darkened, almost like it had been burned. The waitress assured me that it was perfectly normal due to their famous "caramelized crust". I dove in and it was heaven. For those of you who like Gino's East, this is basically Gino's pizza with a helping of perfection added in. It has a very similar cornmeal like crust to the pizza, but it doesn't seem to taste as strong, which is a good thing. The pizza is very saucy, like Gino's, but not to the point where it's incredibly messy. The pepperoni was cooked exactly how i like it, where it's a bit crispy, but not burned. The portions were a good size as well. A small pizza split between two people should be enough for most, although if you want leftovers you may want to go with a medium.All that being said, Pequod's has been the best pizza experience I've had since moving to Chicago. Now when friends and family come to visit, I know exactly where to take them. If you're in the neighborhood I would suggest stopping in. There's a Kerasotas movie theatre right across the street as well, easily making a night of it if you're not close by.Honestly, I think Pequod's is okay.  I have actually had better deep dish pizza from Jet's... hate to say it.  But the crust was very good, and the special lunch price is phenominal.  I ordered the special -- with black olives and pineapple.  I would have prefered a bit more sauce. I do like deep dish, but at heart, I'm a thin crust gal -- and prefer Coalfire on Chicago Ave.This is one of two super favorite pizza places in the city.  I am not a huge fan of chains, so this is a great place to get great pizza, without having that chain restaurant stamp ruin the experience.  I would personally recommend the pan pizza if you go there to eat it for a meal.  Otherwise, the thin crust is a very good substitute.The service is great, and the place is quite laid back.  Another nice thing is that I don't think I have ever had to wait too long for a table, if at all.  There's also a full bar with good beers that would go really well with the pizzas.My favorite part about coming here is that I know I will have good pizza to eat the next morning, as there are always leftovers, and what good is pizza if there are no leftovers for that late night, early morning cold pizza craving!A-0k! for delivery. Get carmelized crust, sausage, extra cheese, and garlic. In restaurant service is poor.Pequod's Pizza is simply good as hell. (provided you think hell is awesome, like I do. I am Ronnie James Dio, after all) The pan style saaaasage, (Ditka), Peperoni, and Peperoncini pizza truly kicks ass. I highly recommend that you purchase this foodstuff. This place definitely competes as a top choice when ordering Chicago style pizza. I stand behind this good review, and hope that Pequod's will supply me with a free pizza for my efforts.Don't EVER call this "Chicago Style" as it's not even close. It's as unique as it gets. The pan pizza is really the only way to fly. It has a nice crust, cheese is crusted on, you find yourself wanting to eat the crust first. I'm a minimal topping guy as too many tend to blend into a big ass slice. The sausage is great, that's all you really need. Pequods has it figured out. sure the wait is really long for a pizza (45-1hr) but hey, have a beer and shut up because the pizza is so legit you will forget how long you waited. I wouldn't bother with any apps from here, they are all your typical fried junk with a side of marinara. Don't waste $$$ on a salad either. For one, you are about to consume 1500 calories and roughly 30 grams of tasty fat so get over yourself with ordering a salad to try to justify to yourself that its good for you. 2nd, you are getting a load of iceberg with a tomato wedge that resembles the salads I used to get in the dorms. This place is decently priced, the pizza travels well if you live in neighboring areas and they have cold beer.   Just don't go here with plans to walk across the street and catch a movie, know where you're going and the pizza isn't by the slice.  I also really hope nobody talks shit about the service.  It a pizza joint, what are you expecting.The best pizza I've had in Chicago...yet.Surprisingly inexpensive taboot.  For  $16 plus toppings you can get a large pizza.  At 8 slices, this can feed 4 people.  4 PEOPLE.  I can put away a lot of food for a skinny guy, but I had no desire to eat more after 2 slices.Carmelized crust?  F*cking forgettaboutit.  Too good.I think I built this up in my mind a little too much beforehand. I'm a pizza fanatic and I'm always trying to find the best pizza of my life. I was told to try Pequod's ASAP. We picked it up and took it home one snowy night. We didn't get meat on it which I think may have been part of the problem. We got the deep-dish style with mushrooms. The crust was AMAZING I'm not going to lie about that. It is burnt a little bit with a glaze they put on which is really delicious. It was the main pizza part that I was kinda disappointed with. I didn't think there was enough cheese or sauce - it was mostly breading. Call me crazy - but I'm just not crazy about Pequod's!LOOOVE Pequod's.  The only reason I cannot give this place five stars is because the pizza tastes slightly different each time.  Having been here over 10 times, this past experience was the best it prompted me to finally write a review.  The sauce was perfectly tart with the right amount of cheese and toppings: half pepp/half sausage being my favorite.The crust is unbelievable and I have no idea where they found the crust caramelizing wizard.  They probably lock him in a cage to never see the light of day as this sets it apart from all other pizza places I have been to, and is what keeps me returning for more.The Medium is perfect for 2 as you get a great balance of crust and toppings.  My ultimate favorite is the $4.95 lunch deal with pop/beer not only for the outrageous value, but for the balance of crust and the rest.  Pequod's doesn't skimp on toppings for the personal size which fosters its loyal following.i dream of Pequod's on a daily basis and am really bummed I can't go here tonight, despite having been this past Saturday.  It's that good.Oh my gosh. Pequods has the best pizza I have ever had in my life. My bro and I met up with an old friend and he chose some "pizza" place in Lincoln Park. We arrived at the place, and judging from the décor outside, I wasn't expecting very much. I assumed this was just another pizza joint. We got there around 7:30 and we were a little surprised to see there was a bit of a wait (about 30 minutes, and this was on a Sunday night), but we were able to place our order. Considering the deep dish pizza takes about 45 minutes to make, the timing would be pretty good. Anyways, we sat down, drank some beers and soon the food arrived. When I first set eyes on our sausage/pepperoni pizza, I instantly could tell this was no ordinary pizza. The pizza was littered with sausage and pepperoni, mixed in with a rich color of pizza sauce. I took my first bite and the pizza was just delicious. The crust to pizza sauce/topping was perfect; there wasn't too much crust. And best of all, the caramelized crust was amazing. I've never had caramelized crust before and I was just taken aback at how good it was.No other pizza place that I've eaten at before even compares to Pequods. I'm going to have to include Pequods into my list of routine restaurants to eat at from now on.If you're looking for regular generic pizza, don't come here. If you are looking for a pie with delicious crust, fresh toppings & gooey cheese, this is it. We love their delivery - it takes 45 min (the pie takes a bit to cook) but it always arrives steaming hot & on time.If you are looking for an app, their breaded mushrooms are delicious.It's hard to get a seat, that's why we opt for delivery.SO NOT WORTH THE WAIT. We waited for an hour and 15 minutes just to be seated and I don't know how long for the the pizza.  The do cook the pizza made to order, so I understand the food wait, but tacked on to the wait for a table and the canned sardine like atmosphere- the experience turned out to be not so good.They restaurant is super tiny and super crowded. I will say that I had an excellent salad!!! The lettuce was fresh and all of the leaves were perfect.  Given that I am not a fan of deep dish pizza, the rest of my meal was blah. I found the dough to be under cooked and there was way too much sauce. If I were being forced to eat deep dish pizza, Pequod's would not be my choice.It was the boyfriend's birthday last weekend and we had lengthy conversations about where to head to dinner.  Our ultimate conversation went like this:BF: "I recently decided where I want to go to dinner.  I can't remember though..."Goes silent as he is deep in thought.Me: "Is it Pequod's?"  {I know this man and he loves his pizza.}BF: Shakes his head... still thinking.BF: "I know!  I want to go to Pequod's."Me: Ah ha!Our visit did not disappoint, either.  We had a sausage and green pepper pizza and it was amazeballs.   Pequod's has such tasty pizza, due in large part to the fresh ingredients and the caramelized cheese on top.  It is simply delicious.On this visit we were surprised to learn that Pequod's has an ENORMOUS upstairs dining room.  Seriously - it's huge.  It doesn't get much better than Pequod's.  Yum.Pequods has officially done the impossible. I have finally met a pan pizza worth raving about!Before my ex took me here two years ago (whomp whomp), I was loathe to let a piece of pan cross my lips. I mean what was the point? It wasn't thin, foldy and greasy and it sure as shit wasn't stuffed!!! (Still my absolute fave.) My mentality was save myself the calories and walk down the street to Art of Pizza. But much like Sarah Palin, Pequods is a game-changer. Maybe its the sauce, maybe its the memories or maybe its the carmelized cheese burnt right into the deliciously buttery crust (impossible to leave it on the plate).Pequods is good for take-out, delivery, a Hawks game or the non-cinematic half of a dinner-movie combo (the Webster theater is right across the street.) Can't promise you'll have better luck romantically than I did, but the pan is more than worth the shot :)Best Pan pizza in chicago!I love this place their pizza is just amazing!I love the sauce, the crust, and the caramelized cheese.With a not-so-Italian name like "Pequod's", I was a little apprehensive when agreeing to go to this pizza place.  In my mind I was really craving a quality Chicago pie, so I was afraid of discovering yet another "fluffy" pizzeria. (Screw the organic dough, fresh arugula, roasted pine nuts - I like REAL ingredients on my pizza!) The deep dish was delish. Go for the sausage: forkful crispy bites with just the right amount of spice. As an added bonus, they have Peroni on tap! Hellooooo pitchers... Everything about this deep dish style pizza is great - one of Chicago's best!Being a Californian, it's rare that I get a decent deep dish pizza around here. After Pequod's, I ALMOST got converted to this seriously intense pie, and I'm a thin crust pizza kind of girl.We noticed that they offered the thin crust variety but (of course) we opted for the small pan pizza, extra toppings: sausage, pepperoni, fresh garlic, and extra cheese. My was it lip-smacking, melt-in-your-mouth, porky, cheesy, garlicky goodness. And the crust, perfectly crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Definitely a game changer. This is not the slice of pie you eat with your hands, you've really got to get in there with a fork and knife. It's heavy and hearty and with only four slices we still had leftovers. Be patient, it's a thick, burly pizza so it will take about 30 minutes to cook. Completely worth the wait.I love the casual, sports bar atmosphere in here. Perfect place to come hang out, drink some brews, and share a pie.This is the place me and my friends go to meet and catch up on each other's lives. We've been going there for years. Love their pizza (my favorite is their deep dish, with pepperoni and pineapple, yummy) and a great place to hang out, talk and share some pichers of beer. They have some nice looking wait stuff, too. :)My dining experience in Chicago finished off with a deep dish pizza dinner and I was not disappointed at all with choosing Pequod's to end it all.  It was packed because of the Pats vs. Tebow game, but luckily we had a reservation and were seated upstairs.  We had the corner booth to watch the game so I could not have been happier with our seating.  The pizza took a long time to come out, but they warn you of that when you walk in.  They make each pizza to order, which to me is a great thing.  In the end, there is lot worse things that you can do then to talk to company for 30 minutes while you salivate at the thought of some cheesy, doughy, saucy concoction cooking in the oven waiting your disposal.  To be 100% honest, I still prefer NYC pizza, but Chicago pizza was delicious and filling.  2 pies were more than enough for 5 of us (3 guys, 2 girls) and they were both extremely delicious.  Side note: The next morning I went skeet shooting (that's right bitches, I am a skeet shooter too) with a Chicago native and he was very pleased at my choice of Pequod's for the deep dish pizza, so clearly it's a favorite amongst locals as well.After a late show at Lincoln Hall we had a pizza craving. We whipped out the trusty Urban Spoon & wound up at Peaquod's. This place is awesome & uses their well seasoned cast iron pie pans for your pizza. We had just a basic sausage pan & it was just perfect. The center wasn't soggy at all, the crust had great flavor & stayed moist without becoming gummy & the cheese caramelized nice and crispy around the edges of the pan. Being a weeknight around 1am, it was nice & quiet & we had the waitress pretty much all to ourselves. Will def come back/carry out in the future.Truly great pizza.Everything about Pequod's deep dish makes you want to... well, you know...leave the one you're with & start new relationship...I've been here many many times & have yet to had anything but great pizza.This is the place when 'they' talk about Chicago having the best deep dish.This is the place that YOU can count on when you want your toppings to be done right on your heavy-sauced-crispy-salty-sweet-deep-dished-­mountain-of-a-PiZzAHHhh!And they are a Blackhawks bar, so that's always appreciated.Their sausage is that type of sausage that makes you think, Ohhh, this is how sausage is SUPPOSED to taste like on a pizza?!!Enjoy with a cold BEER. Always.Okay, let's just go ahead and put this out there. The best part about pizza is eating the leftovers the next day. Especially deep dish, because its had time to settle and become somewhat manageable with just my hands, which is another important part of my pizza eating.I have to admit, Pequods is my favorite deep dish in the city when I have time to go there and sit down to eat it fresh! The sauce is delicious, and everything just tastes like its had a little more care put into it than some of those over-touristy locations downtown. However, they tend to have a much thicker crust on the bottom than most places, and I just dont like Pequods as much the next day. It ends up tasting too much like a loaf of bread, with a bit of sauce and cheese on top. If I'm going to put in double time at the gym just to enjoy a slice or two, then I want toppings! Lots of sauce and cheese! I mean...if you're going to indulge, we may as well go all out, and bread just doesnt do it for me.They were quick to deliver  for deep dish(45 min) but I prefer dining in. Also, something about all of the salads I have tasted has been a little off. Maybe its the fat-free italian that I dont care for. Who needs salad when you have pizza, though?Definitely give it a try though, maybe its just me and my weird feelings on deep dish.I went today with a coworker to have pizza for lunch. We were both in the mood for pizza and we decided to come to Pequods for their lunch special. When we got there the place was EMPTY and this made us happy because it meant that we were not going to have to wait as long.35 minutes pass by and nothing. No pizza, the server didn't come once to refill our drinks. We decided to leave, we had to be at work in 5 mins and it took us 20 minutes to get there because of traffic. So my advice is if you don't have more than an hour to waste then don't go here apparently it takes the same time to prepare a 7' pizza than it does a 12' deep dish.Pizza is great don't get me wrong it among my favorites, this review is for the service we received.Came here on a recent Sunday with some friends and family around 8:P.M. If you are looking too hard, you will probably miss it, since it looks like someone's house-literally.When you walk in, you do get this really warm, inviting feeling. The place is cozy, and on this particular night, there weren't too many people there to eat deep dish pizza.The family was smart enough to order ahead of time. This is something I would definitely recommend. Within 5 minutes from when we arrived the pizzas were ready. We were all vegetarian and the waitstaff was very understanding of that. Now I am not a big lover of deep dish pizza, and have not had it in years. The pizza was good, nothing I would write home about and go out of my way to visit all the time. There was too much sauce for my taste, the cheese was okay and the crust was overcooked. You need a steak knife to cut through this thing properly. I was literally stabbing and cutting.The service was really friendly. It's a great place to go to hang out, stay as long as you want, and be treated really well. It's definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.My experiences at Pequod's have continued to be great. I've brought a few friends here who otherwise are not deep dish fans and made them believers. Pequod's is in a league of their own when it comes to deep dish. The carmelized crust sets them apart...more of a "crunchy" than a "so much cheese I'm going to die" experience when you dine here. I love bringing friends to Pequod's and blowing their minds. I have tried the thin crust and don't think it's anything super special, but I am willing to endure a 45 minute train ride + 15-20 minute walk completely out of my way for this deep dish and I think that says a lot. On the odd occasion when I do drive, parking can be a hassle. But it's worth it for this place.Needed to take deep dish pizza off my bucket list. Whereas I have to conclude that I personally prefer thin crust, if you want a deep dish experience, then this is supposedly the place to go.The pizza takes about an hour to prepare (no wonder), the place is semi-divy which gives it a gritty but yet cool atmosphere and it is (from what I could tell) in a totally random location. Can recommend that if you are in Chicago and want to go deep dish...PS: even if you normally can eat big volumes, order a small deep dish or share a medium. I wasn't able to finish a shared medium one.Well it's official I have a new favorite Chicago deep dish pizza and it's Pequods!Every place claims to have the best deep dish pizza in Chicago, but there can only be one winner and that winner is Pequods. I came here with my girlfriend and we got a deep dish pizza with sausage and giardiniera that was simply amazing.This place is well worth the wait and I guarantee you will not be disappointed in Pequods deep dish pizza!Five stars for service, atmosphere, prices, and some very crispy, tasty onion rings. Two stars for their pizza. I'm not a fan of the "charred" pan pizza, even though the crust is buttery as a good pan pizza should be, and I was disappointed in the thin pizza--I was expecting a more buttery crust, but their thin is very bready. The sauce was a bit bland as well, but the sausage was tasty. For crusty, buttery pan pizza I still prefer (in order) Uno's, Lou Malnati's, and Gino's.Best deep dish in the city.5 stars. Period. Deep dish perfected: caramelized crust and tangy sauce, fresh toppings and cooked to perfection (in my book, the cheese should just start to be browning, the crust should be crusty on the outside and cooked through in the middle (not soggy/doughy/undercooked). The service was attentive and pleasant (when I dined in) and pickup was a snap (also a friendly/pleasant experience).  The decor is a blend of pizzeria, tavern, something, but I barely remember it -- I just remember getting a gorgeous pizza pie delivered to our table and loving every bite of it.Pequod's nails it. I love their pizza. I do. I'll be going back soon.P.S.: Dining in is definitely better than pick-up, but I'd say the same for all pizza. The drive home always allows the pie to cool a bit too much in my book.I will admit, I am a newbie to real Chicago-style pizza but this was the best pizza I've ever had. I could eat just the crust. I'm waiting to try some of the other Chicago spots to compare but this was a great place to startLoved the pizza sauce here. I ordered sausage pizza and the wait was insane but I pre-ordered before so my wait was 15-20min.For the record, I consider myself a HUGE pizza connoisseur . I traveled to Chicago for a food tour using my handy and very helpful Yelp App. One of first stops was Pequod's Pizzeria. I ordered the Italian Beef sandwich and a deep dish pizza. The sandwich came out first and to my surprise, dominated the remaining food tour. This was a unique Italian Beef Sandwich with melted cheese and a caramelized crust on the bread. The pizza was great too, but this sandwich stole the show. I have talked about traveling back to Chicago just for that sandwich. (From Nevada).There's not much more that I can say about Pequod's pizza besides what my lovely Yelp Elite wife Kristy K penned in her love letter to Pequod's disguised as a Yelp review.  But at the risk of being repetitive, here we go.  Pequod's pan pizza is the best pizza in Chicago.  Forget about the "big three" Chicago-style pizzerias: Lou Malnati's, Uno's, and Gino's East.  None can compare to the glory of Pequod's.  In fact, Pequod's pan pizza is without a doubt the best pizza I have ever had in my life. My go-to order from Pequod's is a pan pizza with pepperoni and basil.  The deep dish crust at Pequod's is unlike any other crust ever:  thick, crispy, and chewy lined with caramelized cheese that adds a perfect crisp of cheesy goodness.  This caramelized cheese became a delicacy for my wife and we had to incorporate a "slice draft" by which took turns drafting slices of pizza to get the ones with the optimal caramelization.  Pequod's uses pans that are decades old, which I am convinced must somehow infuse decades of delicious spices and flavor into the crust of the pizza.  The pizza sauce at Pequod's is a mix of sweetness and spiciness with a delightfully fresh herbal component.  The cheese is fantastic.  And the pepperoni is phenomenal.  Unlike other pizzerias where you might get soggy flimsy pepperoni, Pequod's roasts their pepperoni before putting them on the pizza so that they become crispy, which creates a beautiful textural contrast with the melty cheese and sauce on top while pairing with the crisp bottom crust and outer caramelized cheese.  When you put all of these elements together, the greatest pizza of all-time is born.  When I talked to my friends back in Chicago, it always shocked me to find so many people who had never tried Pequod's.  What is wrong with you people!?!   Since moving from Chicago a year ago, the one single thing that I have missed more than anything in all of Chicago is Pequod's pizza.  There is no other pizza like it anywhere!  If you live in Chicago and have not had Pequod's, you are hurting me.  Just knowing that you could pick up the phone until 4 am and have a piping hot Pequod's pizza delivered to your doorstep -- but haven't -- while I simultaneously would do just about anything for that same pleasure and delight just crushes my soul.  For me (and for yourself), give Pequod's pizza a try.  Then again, if I had never tried Pequod's, then perhaps I would not be living the desperate existence that I am now:  pining for a pizza 1,000 miles away with no hope of finding a decent replacement.  All I know is that when I visit Chicago next time I am taking a cab directly from ORD to Pequod's.  I love you Pequod's and miss you more than you'll ever know (unless you read this review, I guess).No chance there's any competition.  Their pan pizza is incredible.  I've never had anything like it.  I've tried it all.  Giordanos, lou malnatis, piece, homemade, ranallis (second fave) - I need to make some more money so I can open my own pequods and eat pepperoni and giardinara for daysssss.  Well done, pequods.To those who say Pequod's is better than Lou Malnati's, we'll have to agree to disagree. I finally tried Pequod's deep dish sausage pizza and, unlike Malnati's, it was not worth the extra 20-30 minutes it takes to bake a deep dish pizza. There was too much dough in each bite for me -- and not the good kind. Who knows? Maybe I would've liked it more if it hadn't been so hyped up.Best deep dish in Chicago. I dream of caramelized crust with giardenara and pineapple on a regular basis. This place is kind of tight but has 2 floors so I haven't ever had to wait too long for a seat. They get backed up and make your pizza to order so make sure you don't pass out while you wait the 20-25 minutes for them to make your pie from scratch. It literally is a piece of heaven. I could eat here every day but then I wouldn't fit in any of my clothes. Dilemmas. They have house wine and a few beers which do the trick if you're watching a game. TVs everywhere are cool but you don't really pay attention to them when you're knee deep in pizza delight. I've never dared to order an appetizer here because with the pizza alone, you probably won't be able to eat for 2 days after going here. The portions are massive, but it's worth it! Summer, Spring, Fall, Winter, I'm at Pequod's!Plain and simple. My choice for the best pizza in the city. I always spend about $20 and get an XL pan, and it tastes wonderful. Have been actually eating here for about 10 years now. Unfortunately it has become very popular so now I just call and pick up.I had been hearing about this place for quite some time. Finally, one evening, my boyfriend and I decided to go there for dinner before a movie. We got a cheese pizza with black olives and jalapeno and extra sauce. Boy when that pizza arrived my mouth dropped. It was a typical juicy Chicago style pizza. When a pizza is so messy that it falls apart in your hand you know its delicious pizza. I was very impressed.I also noticed it's environment is sporty. Would be fun to watch a hockey game or baseball game here one night.The staff were mutual. Nothing special there.But, great pizza!Best pizza in Chicago. Dining in and getting their fried jalapeno poppers and draft beer while you wait for your pizza is part of the experience. It can be busy, but it's worth the wait.One of the BEST pizzas I've EVER had!  The carmelized thick, deep dish crust with all of the toppings I got- jalapenos, fresh garlic, onions, and beef meatballs, made my taste buds think they were in HEAVEN! Service was great too, especially for being so busy on a Saturday night.  I recommend this place to everyone!  You will DEFINITELY not be disappointed.Went here because a movie was sold out across the street. Amazing deep dish. I thought it was better than Lou Malnatis. The lunch special is a personal pizza and a bud light for $5.This pizza is all about the caramelized crust. A delicious take on deep dish. A fun dining atmosphere, however, last time when I came with a group our waitress was a bit rude and slow with the service. Four stars still for the pizza itself. Best deep dish in Chicago that I've had so far.Pequod's Pizzeria was nothing terribly exciting. I've had several other Chicago deep dish pizzas, and while the flavor was good, I can't say the value is truly there. Why? Because it's pricey for what is essentially a loaf of dough and a tiny amount of sauce and toppings.If you're in the area in search of pizza, it might be worth trying, but be prepared to wait - the place was PACKED when we went to pickup the pie. Well, I should say, both times we went, since the erroneously gave us a sausage and green olives pizza (ew?) instead of sausage and green peppers.They fixed the order and had a new one ready in 20 minutes, but we had to come back with the botched pizza. It's a good thing we were right across the street.All-in-all, I'm willing to give them another shot, but I wouldn't be enthralled about doing so.Not your run-of-the-mill deep-dish experience. With it's extremely flavorful and high quality ingredients (the sauce and toppings were fantastic), and lighter, less cheese-dominated pizza, Pequod's is definitely among the best deep-dish/pan pizza's I've every had.We ordered our pizza to-go, so I can't speak for the restaurant experience Pequod's offers, but the food was delicious. We ordered both the thin crust (which was more like a regular pie than typical crispy thin crust), as well as the standard pan pizza. While both were good, the pan/deep-dish pie is what really impressed me. I don't exactly recall the toppings we ordered for the thin crust (the pan pizza was THAT good), but we ordered the pan pie with spinach, onion, basil, and garlic, which ended up being an excellent combination.Unlike some of the Chicago deep-dish staples (Giordano's, Lou Malnati's, etc.), Pequod's pan pizza was fairly light on the cheese, which I felt allowed me to better appreciate the other components of the pizza (sauce, toppings, etc.). This also meant I was able to eat more, as the pizza was more bready and not nearly as heavy as that of some of Pequod's competitors.The ingredients seemed very fresh and flavorful, and the caramelized crust was a pleasant change from traditional deep dish as it was enjoyable on its own and also pretty light.The only downside about this place was the price of the pizza. After including the toppings, a medium thin crust and a large pan totaled to about $40. At the end of the day, though, the pizza was probably satisfying enough to justify the extra cost, and ended up being more than enough for four people.I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for a slightly unique take on Chicago's deep-dish, and especially those looking for a lighter pizza that isn't as cheese-heavy as some of the other traditional deep-dish establishments.This is simply the best pizza anywhere.Their pan pizza really defies classification--to call it "Chicago Style" pizza does it a disservice:  It is no three-inch thick slab of overwhelming cheesyness topped with an anemic tomato paste.  No.  It is a superb bread to cheese to sauce ratio.  And there has been though put into how everything tastes.  The bread compliments the cheese taste which compliments the well-spiced sauce.  Many people have mentioned the caramelized crust, and it's just about perfect.I'm honestly less enamored with the thin crust pizza, but I'm not sure why anyone would come to Pequod's and get the thin crust pizza...  I feel the same way about the appetizers, but, again, if you're ruining your appetite for pizza on the appetizers that's, like, your choice, man.There is a pretty decent beer selection, and the service is fine.  Pequod's is very busy on weekend nights, so expect to wait a little while if you don't have a reservation.Fav Street Reporter back again. Its been a minute, but you still love me and I still love you. Now lets talk Pequod's:So was with the homie Kelsey K. and she told me about Pequod's. Said it was really that deal.  So she jumps on the horn and orders 3 deep dishers for about 10 of our peoples. Damn near was a skeleton by the time it arrived it took so long (roughly 1 hour +), but once it got there......ddeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam!!! (like when Red got knocked out by D-Bo on Friday). This deep dish is so chaotically hectic! The crust is perfectly buttery and the edge is black (as in burned), but there isn't one bite that is imperfect. Sauce is on point. Cheese and toppings are on point...its crazy.  Take it from me, your Favorite Street Reporter,  who is from Chi and knows a thing or two about Chicago deep dish. Pequod's may have quietly slipped in that back door and stolen the crown, pulling off the impossible.  So lets pay attention....straight up and down...cause this is only a story....from the real...Good talk.My very first authentic deep dish pizza! (Sorry Pizza Hut, I found out you don't count) Totally a recommend from a friend who lived out in the area who is a pizza fanatic (the guy eats pizza about 4 times a week and remains under 400 pounds, so I had to take his word for it) The place is cute and the local beer we tried gave us a decent buzz before we started to chow down. We got a standard deep dish, pepperoni with the caramelized crust. The caramelized crust was KEY! so crunchy along the ridge with a great flavor. With this being my first deep dish I wasn't prepared for the amount of food I was expected to consume, but according to my BF who grew up in Indiana this deep dish wasn't as thick as the standard (that terrifies me) In all I loved it but I wasn't impressed enough to say it was the best (plus it was my first deep dish, so come on!)Go Caramelized, you won't regret it :)This is place you come to when you want pizza.Why you ask? Because that's the business they are in.They make pizzas.Mozzy stix were great, Bruschetta was bangin', the pizza was amazing.Lou's still tops my list, but this is 2nd in the Deep Dish game. Kinda how Biggie is 2nd in the rap game in my eye. 1st being that playa Pac.I like the atmosphere too, was cozy to me for some reason. It's the type of place you can come to after you Graduate from The Art Institute in the year 2005, instead of going to Weber Grill.Not one slice of pizza was left, cuz we couldn't get enough of that sauce and crust."Do you know how to make sauce" --C from Bronx TaleGreat pizza place near the movie theater on Webster. Downstairs has a sports bar feel and upstairs is more of a family restaurant. Pizza is great, has a burned cheese ring around the edge of the crust. Not much else worth ordering on the menu, though some of the fried appetizers are pretty good. Good place for a group, as everyone will probably order pizza and you can get pitchers of beer. This is my bf's favorite Chicago pizza, and it's definitely in my top 5 (my favorite is Pizano's).In a city filled with and known for amazing deep dish pizza, it can be difficult to stick out. You've got your Uno's, Giordano's, Lou Malnati's Gino's East, etc. How's a (relatively) small pizza chain with a questionably pronounceable name supposed to stand out? Lou's has their delicious toppings, Giordano's has cheese portions that cause the Food Pyramid to crumble, Gino's has their sauce and what does Pequod's have? Their crust. Their delicious, caramelized crust with seasoning soaked right into the pans they emerge from, akin to a fine whiskey absorbing the flavors and aromas in its cask. Rounding out the pies are fresh toppings, just enough cheese to drape the sides of your slice and sauce with the slightest hint of sweetness.If one were to nitpick (not me, just... one), the top floor can get relatively loud when the place gets packed, simply due to the narrow areas near the back reflecting the charming sound of people yelling at televisions. But then again you're not here for the atmosphere. You're here to get your pizza on.Oh yeah, they have a fantastic lunch special of a personal pizza and drink for under five bucks. You'd spend more grabbing lunch at potbelly's.This is seriously the best pizza in Chicago!  I've tried Lou Malnati's, Amato's, and even Pizzeria Uno, and while Uno is the best out of those, Pequod's still beats it!The deep dish pepperoni was excellent!  It had it all, great sauce, spicy pepperoni, and gooey cheese. We live all the way by the HIP, but I seriously doubt we'll be ordering pizza from anywhere around our house.  Pequod's is worth the drive...seriously, it's that good!Haven't eaten in the restaurant but ordered pizza from here. Wait was a little long but we live a little trek away so it took us that time to get down there.Loved the thin crust. Deep dish was good but a bit bready for my taste. Carmelized crust runs on borderline burnt. Sauce was the winner for me. All-in-all, a sturdy place to order pizza.Yum!Went on a Monday night, it was bustling but not crowded.  I definitely recommend heading upstairs and getting a big comfy booth.  The upstairs was much quieter - there were still games on TV, but I think the TVs were muted.  They didn't mind at all that my group sat and talked for quite awhile.Pizza came out very quick and was delicious.  Good variety of drinks available and the prices are great for the quantity and quality of food.  Prices for fried sides looked a little high but that was probably for the best as it encouraged me to skip the sides and save room for yummy pizza :)Note that I gave this place 5 stars, a rare- very rare occasion for me. Keep in mind that those 5 stars are strictly rating the pizza and the pizza alone. This review is a one time only deal and here's why. If you go into the place to eat (which I'm NOT recommending) sit wherever you can squeeze in, don't ask a lot of questions, keep your head down and don't make a lot of eye contact. The ambiance and staff are a suck fest. There I said it. But the pizza is sooo good!The deep dish is out of this world. Talk about an indulgence. The dough is not just dough it's like buttery, crispy, yet slightly chewy dough heaven. The sauce, garlicky, basily, ripe tomato and perfectly seasoned amazing. Toppings and cheese all pile on nicely, all together it's like magic in your mouth. Then you get to the crust. Which has caramelized cheese baked on it. O.M.G.- I mean it, that's the first thing you'll say after you've bitten into what might be your own personal island of pizza paradise!!If you're in their delivery area, lucky you. Otherwise take it to go. It'll be the most expensive (not like a $100 bucks or anything, but a loaded medium deep dish is like $35 dollars, wtf?), but the most tasty deep dish you will ever have, I promise.As a visitor to Chicago, we had to try their infamous deep dish pizza and we decided to try out Pequod's. We loaded our pizza with toppings so it took a while to come out. When our deep dish pizza came out, the bottom of the pie was too soggy! It would've been a really good pizza if we ordered a medium instead of a large and went a little easier on the toppings. But regardless, we were a bit disappointed that the pizza was so soggy.The 3 of us could not finish the large pizza so we wrapped it up to-go and gave it to a homeless guy down the street!I'm so glad my coworker recommened this place.  It's the best pan pizza i've ever tasted.  It's absolutely delicious.  The crust is exactly the way I like it,  cheesy, crispy and buttery.  I ordered the 10" pepperoni pan pizza and only ate two pieces.  I didn't want to stop eating but they were filling.  I wish it was a little bigger.  I went on a Friday afternoon for lunch and all the tables and bar were full.  I can only imagine what it's like weekend nights. Forget Giordano's and Lou Malnattis, Pequod's is my new favorite (pan) pizza spot.  I can't wait to go back.Pequods is hands down my favorite pizza in Chicago. This isn't to say it's my favorite Chicago stlye pizza, however. To be fair Pequods, as advertised, is pan pizza at its finest. It's not the stuffed or deep dish variety that other Chicago joints serve up and I like it that way. Burnt, camalized edges and crispy pepperoni with just enough cheese to hold up to the delicious crust underneath.The atmosphere is inviting with exposed brick walls and a dimly-lit bar room setting. There are booths for two and those that offer more seating as well as tables and stools around the bar. The staff is very friendly and seem to enjoy working together which is nice, as most places I venture into...it seems service is lacking.The waitress I had around lunch hour greeted me quickly and took my order... had my beverage out just as fast and asked how I was doing. The manager on duty also came by to ensure all was OK.They offer a great lunch special. A personal pan pizza and cola or Miller Light pint for $4.95. This is unbeatable. Expect to wait about 20 minutes for your pie to cook. It'sworth it even if you are sitting alone guzzling a pint of Miller Light in the middle of the afternoon.The overall experience here is enjoyable. I'll be back, as I always am and I'll continue to refer friends to this place for a great slice of pan pizza.Great atmosphere, great service, all around great neighborhood pizza stop!By far the BEST in town! This is NOT only the ONLY good Chicago Style Pizza in we had while in Chicago it was sooooooo good we went back again before leaving town.Never have been a deep styled pizza lover and BOY do I LOVE ME SOME PIZZA!Went to Pequod's on the recommendation of a friend who used to live there and I must say he was right! We sampled as all of the USUAL PEOPLE DO both the UNO & LOU whomever he is chain and they didn't even come close.This place made a believer in deep dish out of me!SERVICE was great and a bit of a wait but well worth it!Providing a star rating for Pequod's is tough. I've had some great pizzas here and some disappointing ones. For the good pizzas, I would give it four stars, but for the disappointing ones, I would give it three stars. In the past year, I have had more disappointing visits than positive ones, so I must rate accordingly. However, my last visit was a good one and I'm hoping they're back on track so I can change the rating soon.The caramelized crust is a must-try, if they're on good run. I recommend adding garlic to your pizza for some extra flavor, especially if they're on a bad run. When it's bad, you need the extra flavor.I don't recommend the thin-crust, as the crust is not caramelized and doesn't have much flavor. The pan at least always has a charred crust, and on good days it's caramelized.I appreciate the local-leaning draft beer selection, although I wish they varied their Half Acre option more frequently, as it's usually the heavier Over Ale. With a pan pizza, I would prefer a lighter ale like the Gossamer.The appetizer options are pretty standard for a pizza place, but are not especially good. Overall, if Pequod's is on a good run, it's great pizza. These past two years, they have been a little off, but maybe they're heading into a good season based on my last visit. I hope so.Straight up I cannot recall liking a pizza less, which says a lot because I don't like a lot of pizza. We had thin crust -- I realize this isn't their "thing" but it's not that hard to make a good thin crust cheese pizza.  The crust itself was so completely tasteless -- like it was just flour and water. Not even salted, no pinch of sugar to get the yeast pumping. Just mixed bleached flour mixed with water and baked. The amount of cheese put on the pizza was insulting -- gobs and gobs of flavorless LMPS mozzarella.  I don't mind a lot of cheese, but if it tastes like rubber, I'll pass.The little bit of sauce under the cheese was pretty tasty, but not enough of it and hardly making up for the rest of this wretched pizzaService wise, we ordered for pickup, arrived 5 min after the time they said to come, had to push through a crows to find someone to talk to and then waited nearly 15 more minutes.My fiance has been on a deep dish kick lately and whenever Friday rolls around he can't help but crave anything else besides this place. We have both been born and bred on Chicago's Deep Dish pizza and have tried them all. I've got to say the pepperoni deep dish here is awesome and is a fierce competitor. Notwithstanding the great pizza, be prepared to WAIT & WAIT & WAIT, especially on a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and/or any major basketball & hockey game. This place gets filled to the brim quickly. And while the hosts try to guesstimate as best they can what the wait will actually be they are usually off by a half hour. Either way, once you do get into this place, prepare to stuff yourself.  :)Went here last night with some friends before we went to Webster place for a movie. Their deep dish pizza is really good. One of my favs that I have had in Chicago. We also tried a small thin crust cheese pizza and it wasn't nearly as good as the deep dish.I recommend trying this place out. You should definitely have a reservation though. We did have a reservation and so did not have to wait long. There was definitely a long line of people waiting for tables though.Not that this place needs another review - I still thought I'd add my 2 cents.  Disclaimer: Even though I'm a born-and-raised Chicagoan, I don't eat deep dish or pan pizza.  If I wanted that, I'd get a calzone.  I'm strictly a thin crust girl.  So this review is only for their thin crust.Pequod's is in the top 3 places in the Chicago area for pizza.  (#1 pizza ever is Papa Del's in Champaign).  Their sauce is a little thick, but other than that, the overall package of crust, sauce and toppings is near perfection.  The crust even acts as a little handle for eating!When going, make sure to have a reservation or be prepared to wait.  And put your order in when you check in. I will say the bar staff is less than friendly, and the waiters all seem mostly overwhelmed (but do their best to keep it together), but the place isn't packed every night for the service.Must try for anyone coming to Chicago!I'm Chicago born and raised, but have always preferred thin crust pizza over pan.  That is, until I found Pequod's.  I define their pan as "died and gone to heaven."  Sober, hungover, drunk...it's always amazing.  We probably order Pequod's delivery once a week, but nothing beats going in and getting it fresh out of the oven.  The sauce is perfect, with a little hint of sweet.  Depending on our mood, we usually go with sausage or pepperoni.  You can't go wrong either way.  The sausage is fresh, with a taste of fennel, and comes in big chunks all over the pie.  The pepp has a little kick, which really adds to the depth of flavor.  And not enough can be said about the "carmelized" cheese crust.  Man, I wish they could somehow create a crust appetizer, because I'd order that in addition to the pizza.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.There are also a handful of standout appetizers.  I'm not sure where they get their frying oil from, but they serve up the crunchiest jalapeno poppers with out-of-this-world creamy ranch.  I haven't found a better popper...and trust me, I've tried.  Onion rings with BBQ sauce or wings are other favorites. If you haven't been, go now.  Other Chicago style pizza joints don't stand a chance.  I heart you Pequod's.Deep Dish Pizza in Chicago is a tough call because they are all very good. There are two things I'd like to highlight about this place.  The crust and the speed of the pizza coming out to the table. Some of the competition take an hour and my pizza did not feel like it took this long.  The sauce might not be a rich tomato based say like Uno's, but overall I think this might be my new favorite overall.  I still have Gino's and Lou malnati's to try. I would definitely come back to enjoy again!We ordered Pequod's on a whim, after passing by it earlier in the day. It was a Saturday night and we were told it would take about 1.5 hours to get delivered. It pleasantly arrived quicker, about 1 hour after I placed the order. We were boring and got a plain cheese thin crust. I was obsessed with the sauce and the crust. The sauce was sweet and tomato-y and the crust was still thick, even though it was thin crust pizza. Based on our experience, this will be a great delivery option among the many pizza places in Chicago!You select the ingredients and it comes out to you perfectly cooked with a crispy,flaky and light crust.  What more can you ask for?  It's consistent every time. Best deep dish in Chicago.  Period.Also, they have a solid beer selection.Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but damn. Pequods is the best deep dish pizza place in Chicago. I say this with overt confidence. The neighborhood feel of the restaurant creates an amazing, authentic Chicago experience. Extra cheese, giardiniera, and sausage. You won't be sorry. Pequods is a must for Chicago deep dish, come here once you get past all the touristy deep dish joints.I went to Pequod's pizza because I like unique restaurants and I heard about the caramelized crust. We walked into a dimly lit room very reminiscent of a bar. I have tried many different deep dish places during my stay in Chicago and have to admit that Pequod's is unique.We got a deep dish with peppers and pineapples (goes against the cardinal rule of getting sausage or pepperoni with pizza, but I hadn't seen pineapple offered in deep dish before). It was very pleasant, but not typical deep dish pizza.It was much lighter than most pizzas. There wasn't that much cheese, in all honesty. The crust made up a lions share of the pizza. The cheese was not much more than you would get at a typical carry out pizza place (like Papa Johns) and the toppings were clearly added as an afterthought rather than being cooked in (maybe the pineapple wouldn't have done well to be baked for so long, but I was kind of disappointed). The caramelized crust had a slightly unique taste, but it was an aftertaste rather than an overpowering flavor (honestly, not worth going just for the crust).Maybe I got an off day, but I wasn't overly impressed. It was pleasant and I felt much better than I normally do after eating deep dish, but this is because they seem to skimp on cheese. If you are dieting or don't want to feel bloated, this could be a good deep dish place for you.The service was fine and the place was clean. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I've certainly had worse and had better.Haven't had a chance to try the pizza yet. This is purely based on the service so far. We had a reservation for 7:30 and were told it would be 20-30 mins. It's been 50 and still no seat. Can say ill come here again even if the pizza is wonderful.The Big 3 ain't got nothing on Peaquods! Love love love this place!  Best pizza in Chicago hands down!Deep dish glory.  Service is spotty at times, but if you want to watch Chicago sports ant eat Chicago food, go here.Best deep dish pizza in Chicago - or anywhere for that matter.  Period.This pizza is so damn good that when I'm eating it I cry tears of joy while cumming in my pants.  Enough said.I love love love Pequods!  The pizza there is so amazing and the caramelized crust is the best part!  The service has been great every time I have gone there.  There is plenty of seating for big groups and TVs to watch sports.Pizza is pretty good. Used to go here when heading to the movie across the street. But since I moved I really have no reason to head up there anymore.Carmelized crust just means burnt.Without repeating too much that has already been said, the choices here for deep dish are amazing. The toppings are delicious, the tomato sauce is superb, and the beer choices are excellent also.You've got to get some Pequod's if you live anywhere near here, or can make the trip. Make an afternoon out of it and go see a movie at the theater across the street afterward. (maybe before, the pizza and beer might put you to sleep)I tried Pequod's for the second time last night.  It's good. Yes, it's good.but.It's not great. The crust is fantastic. but.Those last few bites are immensely enjoyable. The caramelized/burnt cheese crust is everything an aspiring pizzeria should strive for however the rest of the crust had a pretzel-y flavor to it.  Not the flavor intensive crust edge that this place is supposedly know for.The ingredients are good.But.They are not of the highest quality.  Minimal spinach. Half ripe tomatoes.  The sauce has an almost processed tasted to it.  There was not any real essence of Italian seasonings, olive oil or the like.  The sausage chunks are great however. Large, liberal sausage. That's how it should be. The cheese is quite delcious too.  Lots of cheese.  If you are eating deep dish you need lots of cheese and they did not disappoint.My largest concern is the price they charge for this average pie.  For a large pan, 3 ingreidient + delivery it cost around $31 dollars.  For $31 I could have orderded a LouMals (The BEST deep dish in Chicago...This is fact...do not argue this for I will find you do bad things).Delivery was the standard hour wait from most respectable pie joints in the city.All this being said...I will say... this is my 2nd favorite deep dish in the city.  Better than Art of Pizza...and better than the conglomerate Giordano's machine. Much better than Uno's (duh).  In line with Gino's. Did I miss any heavy hitters?  I am thinking back on this review and decided on another star. so there.I love Pequod's for a pre-movie (at the Webster theaters) dinner.  The thin crust is my personal favorite, partly because they leave the thicker crust around the edges so you have something to grab on to!  They're also pretty generous with the toppings.  We usually get pepperoni and green peppers and let me tell you, that thing is PACKED.The appetizers are standard, nothing especially outstanding, but my girlfriend seems to be a fan of the jalepeno poppers (I have no problem 'helping' her eat them).  Service is always pleasant and very helpful.  I don't think I've ever had to ask anyone to refill any beverage, water, soda or beer or for anything else.  That's the kind of service that makes me really want to go back.  And we do (we also order a lot of delivery...go figure).The restaurant is a little on the small side, but the wait isn't too long usually because there's a pretty good turnover, especially on a weekend night.  Two people can eat a nice dinner before a movie for less than $25 (which almost how much two movie tickets cost!!).Let it be known that this place has the best PAN pizza.... not deep dish, not suffed, not Chicago Style.... the best PAN pizza. Remember the days when you were a kid and in the "Book-It" club and after 4 stars you got a free personal pan pizza from Pizza Hut? No? Well, I do. It was the best thing ever as a child. Well, Pequods' delivers the best for us adults that rememeber those days. I never thoguht burnt cheese would taste so good until Pequod's delivered it to me! FYI---The Pequod: The name of the boat in Moby Dick... I had to ask the bartender b/c I never read it.The first time we had Pequod's was after many hours spent at Webster's Wine Bar up the street.  Granted, we were starving, but what came next was just silly good.  Pan pizza with black olives, sausage, pepperoni, and fresh garlic.  Pitcher of Blue Moon and the four of us were set.  That was 2 years ago.I've ordered in advance to pick up to take back home to the W. Suburbs (try driving 50 miles in rush hour with THAT aroma in the car), brought visiting family here during a very crowded Friday or Saturday, dropped in after a Sox game, it's always been good.  Make no mistake, I have not yet tried the thin crust, only the pan.  Don't go here expecting the original Pizzeria Uno / Ike Sewell / Rudy Malnati deep dish formula from 1943.  You know, the Lou Malnati's formula (my 2nd place).  It's a variation, so I don't know if you can  call it "deep dish" in the traditional sense, but "pan pizza" fits.  The crust is thicker, there is slightly less cheese, and they don't use a manhole cover of sausage.  And, luckily, there is no cornmeal in the crust.  The sauce is sweeter, resembling sauce from Aurelio's or Chicago Dough Company from down in Richton Park.  The ingredients are always fresh, and the service is always fantastic.  The manager is out there seating people, taking orders, bringing out pizza, checking in on you.  If you go to Pequod's with an open mind and not expecting the traditional formula for deep dish, you will not be disappointed.  It's simply a fun place.Hello Pequod's.  You are my new close friend.  After a long, cold walk through the city we finally made it to Pequod's for a taste of their famous deep dish pizza.  At 7:00 on a Saturday, we were seated immediately upon arrival, which is surprising since this place was so busy.  We started with a garlic bread appetizer and had a small taste of what was to come with their tasty sauce.  The pizza came out soon afterward and was quite delicious.  The crust was seriously perfect.  So crisp. So tasty.  And the price really wasn't bad at all.  Overall a near perfect evening.This is my favorite pizza place in the Chicago area. Exclamation mark!I'm a suburbanite, but I don't mind driving out to the city and waiting for a table to eat here. Speaking of which, if you come on a Friday or Saturday night, be prepared to WAIT. So worth it though... Believe me. Nice thing is you can order your pizza when you put your name on the list for a table, and when you are seated you don't have to wait very long for your pizza. When I come here, I usually stick to 1 - 3 toppings max. The perfect pizza for me is pepperoni and maybe fresh basil. The cheese and caramelized crust is the star of the show, so I try and keep it simple as to not detract from that. One thing I don't get is the mascot? A whale with a thong on it's head??? No clue... Two of the servers I spoke with couldn't really explain it either. Seriously, if you haven't been checked out Pequods you are definitely missing out. Speaking of which, I should start planning my next trip out to this place :-).Barkeep @ Harry Caray's took us there. Least he could do after 4 shots of Patron Platinum.Told us you don't get deepdish here, ya friggin' tourist. This is the best thin in town. He was right. I think. Got to Harry's tavern at 1 for the game, drank til 6, cab to Pequods, eat, drink, coffee across the street, struggle to the Metra and sleep to Woodstock. Whew. Good first trip to Chicago!This is hands down the best deep dish pizza in Chicago! Forget about bringing all your out of town guests to the other tourist traps... give them something they'll love and bring them here... I know i do!!!Im not even a huge fan of deep dish... I know.. gasp.. but if this place is mentioned in the mix of suggestions I will always say yes because it is that good! Im a huge fan of the caramelized crust... wins me over every time! Their ingredients are fresh and they supply an amply amount to each pie! I usually go with the sausage and garlic.... and i truly believe its the best pizza around! Dont forget the poppers... they're a nice treat to start off with!Also, if you can swing it for lunch they have a pretty sweet lunch special on weekdays from 11-3. For $4.95 you get a personal pan pizza with one topping and a beer or coke! Totally worth it!!!I went to Pequod's in Lincoln Park tonight with Windy City Pizza Club.  They took our reservation because we had a large party and honored it with a nice table in the upstairs area.  The tables were nice, but the lighting was poor.  I suppose the building is just old though.  The menu was pretty good with a basic amount of pizza which was expected from places that specialize in making good crust.I ordered a Pan Sausage 10 inch which is a pretty awesome size wise as it feeds 1-2 people with 4 giant slices.  I really like burnt crust and this was awesome stuff. They caramelize the crust to a dark brown color and crunchy texture.  The pizza itself was good, not great as it had way too much tomato sauce.  I really liked the crust and sausage!Obviously, I was with a group of 20 people which usually results in semi slower service, but shouldn't have been this slow.  I am not sure if they didn't have enough servers on, but it was pretty terrible.  By far the worst service I have ever had at a pizza place.  Don't get me wrong, our waitress was sweet and nice and helped us out, but it was extra slow tonight.  The pizza's took almost an hour to come out, and some pizza's got screwed up in the kitchen and came out even later than that.  Water service was slow but not important as there were no bus boys on duty. Again, the pizza was definitely good, not great, and our waitress was nice, but the actual service wasn't good.  The check actually came out with just a bunch of numbers on it.  We had no clue what they stood for until we had it clarified for us.   I would go back, but not with a large group.1-10 Stars would be a 6.  Till next month...Yes, I'm lactose intolerant.  And yes, I eat Pequod's, with cheese and all.The crust does make the pizza a whole lot better.If they could up the ante on the sauce (a la Art of Pizza), I'd be a regular.  Ambience seems cool enough, have not had the pleasure of dining in.The people working there rock...very nice and make darn sure you get what you ordered.  Once I actually throw down money on a box of lactaid pills, I'll be back with a vengeance."Our deep dish is baked in cast iron pans blackened by decades of seasoning. The overflowing cheese emerges from the oven as a halo of caramelized crust."  - PequodsOkay, Pequods, your prose is worthy of your namesake Melville. In fact, "a halo of caramelized crust" is almost poetic. But tell me this: WHY IS THE WHALE WEARING A THONG ON HIS HEAD? The possibly obscene answer to this riddle went unexplained, none of the waitstaff knew the reason.When you walk in, you see the neon sign with the whale and this pink thing, figure it must be the whale is eating a slice of pizza. Then on the poster inside, looks kind of different... is this some species of whale with unusual natural markings on its head? No, turns out that it's a thong. There must still be someone around from the good old days who knows the origin of the story. This place is classic Chicago, has been in business since 1970. Actually it's partly a sports bar, with TV's showing all of the local sports games, especially the Blackhawks. Beers on tap included Sam Adams, Goose Island, Half Acre, and Stella Artois. Served cold, cold, cold, in chilled glasses. They have big neon signs of all of the major breweries, as well as lots of signs and paraphernalia for the sports teams. And there are some classic movie posters - Cary Grant, A Clockwork Orange, The Shining, etc. Some of the other posters look like enlargements of family photos from the 1970's.There are two levels, the layout is kind of narrow but the second floor adds a lot of space. It's more quiet up there when the ground floor gets bustling, and it has its own bar. Open late. The menu is simple, the whole thing fits on one side of a laminated card. They have pastas, sandwiches, salads, and appetizers in addition to the pizza. Not cheap but not expensive, either. There are wooden chopping blocks / serving boards on the tables which are cut in the shape of whales. They really do have their own style of pizza going on at Pequod's, it's not quite like any other Chicago deep-dish. Personally I thought the "caramelized halo" was good, they intentionally let the cheese get slightly burned around the edge of the top. The rest of the crust is thick and fluffy. The sauce is rather plain, doesn't have much taste of its own, so recommend adding some ingredients. Fun and unpretentious place with what most people will agree is good pizza. The style may not be to everyone's liking, you would have to try it to find out, since it's fairly unique. Ladies, beware of whales suddenly surfacing in unexpected places. "There she blows!--there she blows! A hump like a snow-hill! It is Moby Dick!"- MelvilleI heard many a great thing about Pequod"s, and thankfully they were all true.This place has the best deep dish pizza I've ever had, and probably will ever have. The pies are deep, but not too much. They're just right! The toppings are plentiful and thick and the way the cheese and crust bake around the sides will make you salivate or you don't have a pulse. The portions depend on how much you order. Most would say a small will feed two. Not in this city, babe! Unbuckle those pants and order up a medium or larger!The service was friendly for a place so crowded and popular. Folks from joints like Great Lake should take note; this place is succeeding where you are failing.Pequod's is certifiably good, Yelpers! Don't hesitate; grab a group for fun or sit alone and lament into food that will stop you from jumping into traffic.On my first visit to Chicago, I tried a deep dish pizza and I have to say it wasn't the best and it scarred me until this restaurant! The deep dish pizza was amazing, filled with tons of cheesy mozzarella and amazing sauce. This pizza revived my appetite for deep dish! The carmelized crust was to die for. Overall this was amazing!I would definitely eat here the next time i'm around!Coming from a year of Ian's pizza in Wrigleyville...  The first night I moved to Lincoln Park my roommate and I decided to give this a shot. Bottom line this is arguably the best deep dish pizza I have had since moving here almost a year ago.  The caramelized crust makes the pizza.Deep dish like I've never experienced before.  A MUST TRY if you ever come to Chicago or if you're local take your friends and visitors.The crust is literally cheese... that perfect kinda burnt but ohh so tasty cheese.Seriously, Go!Awesome thick crust pizza, my new found Chicago favorite. Love how they caramelize the cheese on the edges, delicious!Tried the thin crust yesterday and was a little disappointed. $30 for a 16' inch 3 topping average thin crust pizza is a bit much.Go with the thick crust!!My BF has been talking about this place and their caramelized cheese for quite some time, so I finally broke down and agreed to go.   We ordered carry-out for a large pan pizza with sausage, onion and mushroom. The pizza looked and smelled great.  Since we had a 20 minute ride home, plus the time it took to find a parking spot, it took us about 45 minutes or so before we actually ate the pizza-that was a mistake.  The crust was a little soggy. Luckily it was thick enough that there was still a hint of crunch left.  Maybe that caramelized cheese had something to do with it...The overall flavor was great!  The veggies were fresh. There was a good amount of sausage throughout, however, I personally would have preferred a little more cheese (un-caramelized) . Having said that, if you have the time/ patience to wait for a table, I would. I'm sure had we done that, my rating would have been higher.(the other location gets 5 stars, but this one sometimes is swingy in quality)This review isn't about the great pizza, or who it challenges for what sort of pizza challenge in the city. This is specific to one thing: lunch.Holy cow is the special efficient!If you're the type to imbibe, you might actually be stealing from them. Well, if you can drink just the one you get with the special. (Alcoholism - it's how they get ya)Yes, yes, it's lunch so we don't imbibe. Soda's also free, Coke products. Warning - no free refills in the special. (Sugarholism - it's how they get ya)The deal's a drink and a personal pan with one topping. Extra toppings cost a little bit more. I usually got sausage, onions, jalapenos because I'm a weirdo and it made the afternoon meetings shorter. It does take a little while if you don't call ahead - you're looking at a 45 minute lunch at least. (so, maybe call ahead, slacker)This review is for a recent delivery on a Friday night. The time quoted was 75 minutes, which is pretty standard for a Friday night delivery, so no worries there.. The pizza's arrived hot and fresh, so all good there. We got 2 large pizza's with 2 toppings on each.. the total was ~46$. I would give this joint a solid 3.5 but what kept me from giving a 4/5 is the following: 1. The qual is good but crust was a bit burnt and the toppings are way skimpy. We had one with ground beef and onion, the ground beef was barely noticeable.. The other was jalapeno and pineapple.. and same for this one, very skimpy, especially considering your paying ~3$ per topping for a large.. The only topping that was plentiful ( and actually excessive ), was the cheese... next time I will get light cheese!2. The price is a bit expensive for the overall quality and quantity. ( another place near me serves a x-large special daily for 13$ or ~18$ including tax and delivery charge. better qual, more toppings, larger pie, faster delivery.. )I will try this again and dine in sometime as well and post another review. As of now, its a fair deal that's worth checking out again...My favorite pizza place in Chicago. Very lucky they don't deliver too far north or I'd be in serious trouble. This pizza is unlike any other and if you're a fan of thick crust and extra thick cheese without sauce...this is not for you.The dough is lighter crunchier, chewier with a good layer of cheese some might call light and just the right amount of sauce; big on taste and that caramelized cheese...wow.Mmmmm Pequod's. My favorite Chicago-style pizza yet.The caramelized crust is truly a thing to behold. And I love that the pizza is brought out in a cast iron skillet. It was surprising the first time I went there. The environment isn't too great - very much like a sports bar, with multiple TVs showing multiple sports games - but some people are probably way into that. The waitresses all wear the same (weird) uniform, consisting of shorty-shorts and weird hats (I think?), but that didn't really bother me, although my sister-in-law didn't care for it. But the Pequod's salad was great and perfect to split between four people. We got one 14" pizza and had two pieces left over to eat later. Delicious as always.And personally, I'm a fan of this place not only for their good food, but also because it isn't full of tourists, which create ridiculous waits.YUM!!!!!  BEST PAN PIZZA IN CHICAGO!!!!Get the pan pizza and you will not regret it.  My wife and I like the pepperoni with garlic and mushroom.  You have to eat here!Get there early if you go for dinner on the weekend because it can get very busy.Great place for deep dish and a movie at Webster Place!What a hidden gem! This is in the running for best deep dish in the city. You can't beat their lunch special in the city: $4.95 for personal pizza +1 topping and a drink (including Bud Light). Staff is cool-- extremely efficient, but not pushy. I would recommend this place to everyone. P.S. Has upstairs seating that is available for private parties. enjoy!very good deep dish, one of the best in the city, parking was kinda hard but still worth it,  not a whole lot of sausage on it and the crust was kinda hard, still quality thoDefinitely a favorite and they're open late!Best pizza in Chicago!! That's right. I said it!Seriously, this pizza is amazing. The carmelized crust in unlike any other crust I have ever tasted.Make sure you get the deep dish! :)LOVEEE this pizza!! it is a very unique deep dish you wont find anywhere else in chicago. Gotta go with the classic cheese and sausage deep dish... I just wish they had a little more seating in their lincoln park location!My husband wanted to try some real deep dish while we were in Chicago, so my friend brought us here.  Great service, cute area, and gooey slices.  We ordered at 14" for 3 people and it was too much since the slices were so thick!  next time I'd go with a 10".I'm not sure what has taken me so long to write a review on Pequod's. It is by far the best pizza in Chicago! They bake their pizza in a cast iron pan which gives the pan pizza this unique delicious caramelized crust....amazing! It may be my choice for a last meal :). They also have this great lunch special ($4.95 for a personal 1 topping pizza and beer/soda. If you live in Chicago and have not been, you are missing out!Pequod's is a must-try!  Especially if you are visiting the Chicago area, and want to sample some great Chicago-style pizza.Even if you don't generally prefer deep dish (like me), you will certainly enjoy the deep dish at Pequod's.  You'll find more info on their site, and menu, about their unique deep dish baking process.  Their deep dish takes a while to make (I think about 40 minutes), but it's well worth the wait.  The toppings are all high quality, and they're generous with the toppings.  They also have a great selection of draft beers, including several excellent local brews.And don't let the long lines turn you off.  You can pre-order your pizza when you request a table, and it'll be ready shortly after you're seated.  You'll often see the owner at the restaurant, and he is really friendly and helpful.I've sorely missed this place since I left Chicago, and make it a point to go there whenever I'm back in town.I've tried a few of the popular deep dish places in Chicago and this is probably my favorite one. My boyfriend and I tried it out for the first time last month and were both very impressed. Even the house salad was delish! Great service. Really liked the sauce and the cheese. Must try!Pretty dang good..They have a great lunch special!$7- I think for a small 1 topping pan..The best pizza in Chicago hands down! Great service, delivers til 2 AM! Real Chicago style--hands down best pan pizza in chicago.staff not so much... take it to go!Great pan pizza. The cheesy crunchy crust is fantastic, sausage tasty with spices. Ordered take-out on a weekday evening, had to wait a little while for the pizza to be ready, though I think I arrived too quick so that's on me, but it's fine on the inside - TVs, lots of people looking happy with their food, and not too crowded.Very Very Good sauce! Perfect balance of sweet and tart in the tomato. Don't know I didn't write this review soonerWhile visiting Chicago I asked a group Chicago's best (under cover police) who had the best deep dish pizza in the city - Pequod's!  I was not disappointed. Service was good and the sauce had a great flavor.I really have enjoyed Pequod's every time I've gone there. They cook their pizza in a deep cast iron pan, so it makes the outer crust a bit crispy. Since it's a cast iron pan, the pizza also absorbs many delicious flavors, making it to die for.  The slices are large and thick, so I can only have one every time I go.The reason I'm only rating this with three stars is because of how it makes me feel. I have eaten here three times now, and each time I have had an awful stomach ache afterwards. I gave it three shots and had the same reaction each time. Sorry, Pequods, but I just can't frequent you if it's going to cause me pain.Great pizza. You may have to wait a while for a table on the weekends but it is well worth it. They usually have a couple decent beers on tap as well. I would pick Pequods over Lou's, Geno's Uno, etc every time.Wouldn't change a thing about this place.Just fabulous pizza!  Ordered a spinach deep dish with half pepperoni and half sausage.  It arrived on time and piping, finger-burning hot.  Wonderful tomato-ey sauce, plenty of meat, great carmalized cheese on the crust and good crust base.  They'll be my first choice next time I'm looking for deep dish delivery.  Great the next day, too...Pequod's is truly a unique spot with great pizza.  thin crust is very good but even if you're ant-deep dish, you should try pequod's deep dish. it has carmelized crusty cheese all the way around the pie, just the right amount of toppings and a thick crusty base layer of bread.  many other deep dishes from other restaurants pale in comparison.  Their appetizers (sticks, zuccini, shrooms) are right out of the bag but they show up hot and the portions are good sized.   service is good, often younger staff members who can get a little swamped cuz the place is usually hoppin, but their pleasantness makes up for the occassional "two minutes on empty" beer glass.  one of my favorite pizza places in the city.In top contention for my favorite pizza in Chicago. My norm is the pan pizza with black olives and green peppers. With their pan pizzas I always find the thickness of the dough to take away from the overall flavor. But it is all worth it when you make it to the crust. Amazing!Best Pizza in town. Period.Their caramelized crust is brilliant.I LOVE Pequod's. Seriously, pretty much every other pizza place in the city can suck it. I live down the block from Lou Malnati's and go out of my way to avoid it. I desperately miss working on Clybourn and being able to hop in to Pequod's for their lunch special- $4.95 for a personal pan pizza and a beer is a steal. Can't get enough of the carmelized crust!Bottomline:Nice bar atmosphere, good beer, nice overall buzz.The pizza is fine.  The carmelized cheese perimeter and sauce are excellent, but the rest is lacking.  I understand its a deep dish, but it is entirely too doughy.  If the whole top were carmelized we'd be having a different conversation.  I would go back, but I've had better pizza for sure.Great pizza with a less than desirable crouton crust.  If you're going unhealthy, you might as well go all the way and order some hot wings too.  The wings had a great crust, but was lacking that roundhouse kick to the face flavor.  It was merely good.  We ordered the deep dish sausage with the caramelized crust.  They actually topped it with real Italian sausage chunks, not like the wimpy M&M sized ones from Domino's.  Plenty of cheese, good tasting tomato sauce, and great tasting outer caramelized crust.  When I bit into the bottom crust, it felt like I was biting into chalk.  It was dry and lacked flavor.  I could've probably broken it into pieces and replaced it for croutons on top of a Caesar salad."Best Pizza in the Universe".  I guess it depends on what your definition of "universe" is.Took about 10 minutes to get a seat, which was good considering how busy they were.  Nice ambiance, good crowd but not too loud.  Longer wait to get our pizzas, two large deep dish.  Toppings were great but the crust was slightly doughy.  Overall I give the place 4 stars.The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because I got a hair in my pizza a few months ago.  I called them and they offered to send me out another pizza but my stomach was already turned.  Hairnets guys and girls!!!!!!!They also need a better wine selection.. the last time we went there my wine tasted like old vinegary thick juice...Don't try the thin or handtossed here.  Deep dish is their specialty.  The crust is burnt and tasty.  I love the sauce, juicey goodness!I will be back when I can get that hair experience out of my mind!!Great place for pizza when you want a change of pace from the typical Chicago-style deep dish. Stick with their pan-style which leaves the best crunchy and crispy crust around the edge. Usually we order the pepperoni and sausage and you can't go wrong.If it wasn't for the very slow service (always slow from when it's packed on weeknights and weekends to even at 3:00p.m. with only 5 other tables occupied), I'd be giving it 5 stars. Sometimes you always have to have an empty glass of beer or soda at this place. Oh well.Let me preface this review by saying I do not like deep dish pizza. I know, I know.  I LOVE Chicago hot dogs, the Cubs, Bears, and Bulls, so don't take away my residency just yet.  I even like the Sox, except when they play the Cubs.  But, I digress...Even though I've previously professed my dislike for deep dish pizza, I really truly like it from Pequod's.  I'm not sure what it is about this particular kind.  The crust is charred on the outside, and isn't too buttery.  There's a great flavor that I haven't been able to get from any other places.  For my buck, this is the best deep dish pie in Chicago hands down (and I've tried many)!  As someone else mentioned, they have a $4.95 lunch deal for a 7" personal pizza and a drink.  That right there has caused many many a guilt-inspired trip to Bally's across the street.  But, it tastes so good at the moment!Check it out.  The price is good, and you won't be disappointed.Pequods pan is awesome. I go with just cheese and it has more than enough flavors. The caramelized crust or cheese or whatever it is, is nothing short of amazing. The sauce is on the sweeter side, which works well for this particular pizza. I have ordered delivery and eaten at the restaurant and both were terrific. When you order delivery they cover it the pizza with foil and then put it in the box, keeps everything fresher, a nice touch by Pequods.FYI, I wouldn't quite classify the pan pizza as typical Chicago style deep dish, but it is just as good. They also have a great beer selection if you eat there.Hands-down my favorite Chicago pizza place. We have a lot of friends and family visit from out of town and take them to Pequod's every time. I absolutely love the caramelized crust, it's what makes the pizza. We usually get the appetizer sampler or the fried mushrooms to start- as far as friend mushrooms go these are great. Service is always friendly, and every time we've been in the owner is there and makes a point to welcome everyone who walks through the door. I like the bar atmosphere on the first level. I like to sit there if possible. On about our third visit we were seated upstairs- which I didn't even know existed- and it's huge! Still a nice atmosphere and family friendly.Not sure what the big deal is here?? I'll sum up my experience..1.) Took 2 hours on a sat night for our pizza,2 hours for our salads and 2 hours and 30 minutes for our over cooked and tiny bowel of pasta--2.) I'm not a fan o their thin crust ( their deep dish is good and the only reason why I'm giving them 2 stars!) They pretty much just slap a ton of meat on it and ignore putting quality cheese on the pie..3.) Service is BAD and they know it!!! Took 2 hours for our salads to even come out and the owner was sitting around socializing, our waitress was mia and flirting with the bar tender-- the people next to us walked out! Said I would have walked out myself but I know our 3 year old would have been heart broken! We got our pizza-- ate  quickly and as possible and when we were ready for our check they brought out my over cooked pasta dish!!! Asked the waitress to please take it off because it looked disgusting.. She gave me this look and said she would have to talk with someone else and that if I waited another 35 minutes they could make us a new bowl-- you've got to be kidding-- I insisted that she take it off our bill... not worth your time!!! It's packed to the gills with loud/ drunk depaul students, not a good place for families!The deep dish is what you want here. Giordano's might be the most popular, but this is the best. They have really quick delivery too.Stay away from the thin crust and sandwiches, they're just okay. Salad was good though.I like their pizza.  I can vouch for their italian beef & giardiniera pizza.They have to give credit to Burt's in Morton Grove/Skokie (original), but otherwise, this place is great!If i could give this place 10 starts I would!!! I'm obsessed...by far THE BEST PIZZA IN CHICAGO HANDS DOWN!!!listen to me right now...order this and only this when you go to Pequods:GROUND BEEF (of Sausage if you're a sausage fan) - and Giardinera on a Deep Dish Pizza.  You will thank me later. I LOVE THIS PLACE...and I miss it bc now I live in LA and the deep dish here blows!!Great pan pizza.  My friend hates when I use this analogy, but I would say it is like a  very very good pizza.  Only as that is the style of za.  It is wayyy better than an actual pizza hut.  They have a great selection of beers on tap and you can create your pizza however you like.  The topping are really fresh and good!  My favorite is pepperoni with jalapeños.I've got to say that I felt let down by Pequod's.  I enjoy all styles of pizza and most topping combos, but I found that Pequod's fell flat.  While the toppings were good (tomato, basil and garlic), there was just too much bread.  The crust was good and all, but it together it just didn't work.  Not enough topping, but the caramelized crust was good.  Also, cold pizza the next morning is usually yummy, but in this case, it only got worse...My recipe for success would be 1/2 the crust and and 3x the toppings, with more cheese (more cheese is always a good thing!)I have a split opinion on Pequod's. The pizza is a unique take on Chicago-style deep dish that's one of my favorites. The crust is unusually crisp for this style, and the caramelized edges give their pies a delicious, deep flavor that I love. Eating at this place can be a nightmare, though. First - if you have anywhere else you're thinking of going on a weekend, go there instead. The dining room is a shit show of bitchy 20-something staff and customers trying to edge their way into the bar for most of the evening on the weekends that's really not worth bothering with. If you're a grown up, do not go here on a weekend night. Also, they will tell you that they take reservations - do not believe it. This is basically a college pizza place, they do not have the ability to actually reserve a time, or if they do they will ignore you anyway for anyone who got their pager from the host desk before you. Again, for emphasis - DO NOT BELIEVE THEM WHEN THEY SAY THEY TAKE RESERVATIONS.TL;DR - Go for the pizza, but take it for carry out.They promised me a table for my group two weeks ago for this coming weekend. I called today to confirm and they said they only do priority seating......aka, first come, first serve. YOU DO NOT ACCEPT RESERVATIONS, STOP ADVERTISING THAT YOU DO. They have good pizza, I've been twice as I live in Old Town, however, they treat you like they don't need your business. Ummmm, do you know there are 2 - 3 other places that serve the exact same pizza, just as good as yours, maybe better, and they will be happy to hear I'm never coming back to you. I'm not mad and I'm not going to say untrue things, but I will never visit your venue again. I also will never refer anyone to your venue again either. There are too many great pizza places in Chicago for a customer to be treated the way I was just now on the phone.I don't know what I was thinking giving Pequods a bad review the first time, but I was not thinking straight when I wrote that review.  I decided to give Pequods another try - ordered a large pan with half sausage as a carryout order and man was it delicious!!!  The sausage was soo good and the caramelized crust was tasty.  Can't wait to go home and devour the leftovers!omg. why have i not reviewed this place yet?  this is our go-to for a freaking DELICIOUS stuffed pizza.  definitely the best in the city, which probably means the best in the world.  whoa, that is a bold statement.the crust is phenomenal.  it is crispy yet slightly doughy and soooo flavorful.  the cheese is delicious and the sauce is spot-on.  we almost always order delivery, which is ridiculously yummy, but in-restaurant.. ugh.  i could just die.  it's the cherry on top.  i haven't had their lunch special yet but it is something crazy - your own little pizza and a pop or beer for 5 dollars - something along those lines.So I had Lou Malnati's as well as Giordano's before trying Pequod's... and I think the others are better. The caramelized crust is something great (you can see Little Caesar's try to copy them with the new crappy deep dish they're putting out). However, the appetizers I had were just not that good. My mozzarella sticks were underfried, and the Jalepeño Poppers did not taste very fresh (probably frozen!).The place was packed, it is very cozy, but I had a great seat on the top floor near a window where I could see out to street. Great atmosphere!My favorite Chicago deep dish pizza. Love  how they make the caramelized crust and the sauce is perfect. Great atmosphere although it gets loud at times.By far the BEST Chicago pizza!!!Very good deep dish. This is the only pizza place i went to in Chicago so I can't really compare to the other places. Do yourself a favor and order according to 1 slice per person.I really liked the feel of this place and the community vibe it had.  Deep dish was great too! Would be a regular here if I was a local!Very delicious deep dish!as i've stated in other pizza reviews, we still haven't found a place that makes it as delicious as we do in our own home, and this place was no exception, but i still think it was delicious! the rumors are true, though, very crowded, so make a reservation or plan to wait for a bit.it's a cool atmosphere, very laid back and boozey. guessing that has to do with the proximity to the college campus. regardless, the wings and the pizza were tasty (we did not get deep dish, though i've heard that's a real claim to fame for them), and this is definitely a great place to come for a laidback place to watch the HAWKS!Great pizza! :-)Love the deep dish - Pequod's is the only pie of that version I actually crave.  It's not too expensive considering its top quality.  I like going mid-day because no one is there and they have pizza and drink deals. Great now I want Pequod's - phew it's still open!Best find ever. The deep dish was amazing. The bread was delish, the sauce not overly sweet but obviously good tomato base. Service was outstanding. Our drinks never got below half full. Only reason this isn't five stars is that I personally prefer a tad more cheese. I highly recommend eating here. Also- kid friendly!This was one of my favorite pizza places to eat at while living in Chicago. After I went for the first time, I took a couple of friends and family members here because the pizza is delicious! I'd suggest doing a call ahead seating, because everytime I go there, its always busy or gets busy as we are waiting for our food. The prices are reasonable and the food is good so I have no complaints. We accidenatly ordered the thing crust pizza and it was not as good as the deep dish pizza. The deep dish is by far better than the thin crust.Pequod's Pizzeria has both thin crust and pan pizza offerings. I had to go pan because that's the way you get the caramelized crust which is Pequod's claim to fame. I'll admit I'm a bit particularly when it comes to pizza and really feel like the essential elements (crust, sauce, and cheese) have to come together to hit pizza perfection. The crust: true to style, chewy and bready on the interior but crispy and crunchy where it hits the pan with the carmelization from the cheese. The sauce: savory and really good, I actually got extra sauce on my pizza which is a great call for the pan style. The cheese: way too much for me, really the thing that makes this pizza the hardest to eat. If you want pan pizza in Chicago this is the place to come though. So far one of my favorite pie's in the city.Im from the west coast just went in there to night to geta  real chicago deep dish pep and sausage with some hef and jack adams. Chey our server and everybody else was awesome. great service. even wrapped up our pizza after we were done. so awesome.We came here before a movie last Friday and got in just before the big rush (6 PM). We had the thin crust with pepperoni, jalapenos and mushrooms and devoured all but 2 slices! This place gets packed so the earlier you get there the better. This was my first time dining in the restaurant, and I loved it. It has that small, family style, pizza joint restaurant feel with really great pizza!!This place was the third stop on our Chicago Pizza Tour.  We had a deep dish pizza with sausage, and it was really good.  I didn't think the sausage was as tasty as the sausage at Pizano's... Also, I wasn't a fan of all the sauce slathered on the top of the pizza.  I'm not a huge sauce fan, and for me, less=better.  But everything else, the crust, the cheese, etc. was yummy.Really not getting the hype here.  Here for lunch one time and ordered a deep dish pizza.  I've been to Giordannos, Lou Malnatis, Gino's East.  Yes this one was surprisingly different from all the others, but not in any way that seemed appealing.  Oh well, I guess I'm one of the few but I'd prefer Giordannos over this any day. Can't please everyone but I guess if there are people who actually like your style they'll be coming back.If I could give negative stars I would. Ordered a large sausage pepperoni pizza at 5pm. How hard is that. Got a large sausage spinach delivered at 6:30pm. Called back and was told would have to go to back of line and would be at least 2 hours for the right pizza. Oh by the way it's New Year's Eve and have plans that's why piZa was ordered at 5:00pm. Well 9:30pm 4 1/2 hours after the order was placed still no pizza in sight and it's time to go out. This will definitely be the last time I'll order from here. The first pizza the wrong one had barely any sauce and no taste.Great crust, I describe it as Pizza Hut on steroids, but WAY BETTER!!!! Great fresh ingredients and a cheesy crust that makes it stand out over the other deep dishes in Chicago!  Definitely a pizza not to pass up!!!!!This place makes a fantastic deep dish pizza, and a solid beer selection for a pizza place.  Recommended.I've been to Pequod's SO many times since we discovered it, it's ridiculous. We always get their deep dish pepperoni and every single time it's been delicious and perfect. I LOVE the caramelized cheese at the crust part. Not only is their pizza amazing, there is also something special about their Blue Moons on tap. I've tried other Blue Moons at various bars, but theirs is so tasty and rich (no clue why). You HAVE to try their Blue Moons. It can get pricey though (~$6/beer?). Writing this review makes me want to go there tonight...I just might...Yes, the burnt edge on the crust is AMAZING! But I feel like the crust to topping ratio for the rest of the pizza is skewed too much to the crust side.  And I was saddened to know that the thin crust didn't have the same delicious burnt crust.  I really wish they would just bake my pizza in a super loooooong rectangular pan so there would be more of that delicious carmelized cheese or that they would combine the thin crust with the carmelized crust.  Oh well.  You can't get everything you want in life.I don't usually get a lot of toppings on my pizza and usually opt for just cheese.  However, I always get sausage and mushrooms here.  It's not the same without it.  I think the sausage helps to counteract the sauce. Yes, it's on the sweet side.  And I HATE sweet sauces.  Honestly think that Aurelio's and D'Agastino's are worse than Domino's (and I mean before they "improved" it) but somehow I'm ok with it here.I've never eaten here and have always done delivery or pick up.  I can only imagine it's even better fresh out of the oven.Best Pan pizza in Chicago, better than Lou Malnati's.Right amount of tomato sauce and cheese, amazing dough - caramelized crust is amazing.Some real solid pizza and appetizers.  Like many I get the deep dish here because it has a one of a kind taste.  I have to be in the mood for the carmelized crust but when I am it always hits the stop.Classic joint with friendly service and some TVs to watch sports and such when games are on.Pequod's is top quality gourmet pizza.  My mom is Sicilian, so I was raised on artisan pizza.  At Pequod's it is all about the sauce and the crust.  Most pizza in Chicago is a boat of cheese.  Pequod's goes lighter with the cheese, and in my opinion gives the perfect amount.  Their crust is crisp and flavorful (made in a cast iron skillet) and I highly recommend the mushroom.They also deliver farther west than most other pizza places on the east side.GO PEQUOD'S!Just chiming in with the awesome for this place.  It is as good as everyone else says it is.  It is as good as I say it is!  I love going here in the middle of the week when it's not crammed full of people, just so you get to enjoy the excellent menu with a little bit of space.I will be going to Pequod's as long as it exists.My husband had been to Pequod's on a previous visit to Chicago, and he could not stop raving about the pizza. On our vacation, Pequod's was at the top of his list, but he was a little worried that I would be disappointed, that no pizza could live up to his rave reviews. He was wrong! Usually you enjoy one or two aspects of a pizza. At Pequod's, every element is the best you will ever eat, and combining all these flavors left me moaning with delight. . . the gooey, stringy cheese; the carmelized crust; the sweet, spicy sausage; the fresh meaty mushrooms. The tomato sauce was so good, I asked the waitress if I could buy a jar (no).My half of the 10-inch deep dish pizza was a little too much food for me, but I ate it all anyway, knowing that until we return to Chicago I will never experience another meal like this. This meal was as delightful as our $150 meal at Blackbird.Pequod's is generally very crowded, so you might want not want to visit during mealtimes. We ate there at 3 o'clock on a Sunday. The downstairs was full, and many people were eating on the sunny (and quieter) second floor. We found street parking only a block away. Service was friendly and efficient.I called ahead on my way home from work to speed up the process (I was hungry!). I picked up my pizza to go and it's a cute, cozy place inside (Lincoln Park location) - busy on a Friday night.This was my first time ordering from Pequod's and my review is mixed:- LOVED the baked cheese at the crust - delish!- WONDERFUL tomato sauce on top, but could use more. - I was expecting more cheese - a very, very thin layer- WAY TOO MUCH BREAD (I ordered a deep dish, pepperoni). I'd say it was about 1" high of just bread/dough with 1/16" of toppings on top. The ratio was not what I expected at all. Guess I was thinking it would be more like Giordano's.Anyways, it was tasty and I needed to get used to it. Not sure if I would go there again, simply for the fact that it is a LOT of bread...Pequods pizza rocks but their customer service stinks!  When you go there to eat, it takes FOREVER, and when you order, it's not much better.  I've been waiting over 1:15 for my 1 pizza.....it's crazy!  When I called to check on the pizza, the girl snapped at me on the phone.  Whatever.I like the pizza a lot, but I'm going to rethink them next time I'm ordering.I wanted so much to write a better review for Pequod's because the concept of caramelized crust is genius and speaks right to my heart.  I don't know why it's not the default for every pizza place.Unfortunately however, the service was absolutely terrible.  I went before a movie across the street, on a slow night, and we ended up needing to go to the next showing because it took so long for the food to arrive.  And our waitress forgot to put in our appetizer orders so they weren't ready until well after the pizza (and after we were already full of course).In the end, pretty great pizza, bad experience.I will briefly remark on the Pizza as that is the only thing (and Beer) I consume at this place.Great deep-dish...if you order it with meat it is fantastic, the cheese is good too. no complaints. We have tried the other local places and we are in a committed relationship here!In Chicago there is no shortage of pizza places....albeit, many of them very good. Everybody knows about the staples Lou Malnatis and such but honestly Pequods is hands down the best Chicago style pizza in town. Their sauce is incredible, the crust is perfect and the Carmelized cheese on the crust may be the perfect bite of pizza. Do yourself a favor and try Pequods if you have not already. There is a good chance that you will not want pizza from any other restaurant in town!!!ZERO STARS   After sitting for 15 minutes for a cup of water, with an ice cube.  And then waiting another 15 minutes and the waitress never came back to take our order- we walked out.  Pathetic service!!!   No one had food upstairs except the big room with the party.  I am glad all your wait staff felt like they were the only customers and no one else needed to eat.   Would never go backThe reviews are correct, the crust is probably the best I've ever had!  We had a large deep dish...do yourself a favor and only order no more than 3 toppings because they PILE it on!  I made the mistake of getting 8 toppings and it took FOREVER to cook!  Even the plain pepperoni on the table next to us looked full!  If you go on a busy Sat night, be prepared to wait but you can order your pizza ahead so that its cooking and about done when you get your table!  Also their beepers go a long way, we went a bar a few doors down and it buzzed us in 20min vs. the 40min they orginally told us we'd be waiting!  CRUST AMAZING!Great deep dish. Better than other chained stores.I went with a group of acquaintances from my 1 session pottery class that I purchased from Groupon, to eat dinner here.  One of them was lactose intolerant, we had to wait in the restaurant after eating, because we all rode in one car and the lactose intolerant person was in there for an additional 45 minutes.  I subtracted a star because of that and the car ride was awkward and moist.eh.AwesomeI dig it. I was a little reticent to eat here, as I am not a fan of Chicago-style pizza. Add in the sports/frat element and I was sure I was gonna hate it.Nope.The pizza is really, pretty d@mn good. Pardoned from the Palette Bistro Fiasco™, I was, once again, allowed to pick toppings for the pizza. One stuffed with sausage, peppers and basil and one thin with pepperoni, peppers and garlic and we were in business. The stuffed (or is it deep dish; 6+ years and I still don't know) was very enjoyable. The crust was crispy and caramelized (THE deciding factor) and made every bite a race to get to the end. The ingredients were fresh and the crust was just the consistency I like. Usually, I am all about the thin crust. Here, I would (and did) eat both. Add in a Chimay and the first game of the Stanley Cup finals and you have one surprisingly enjoyable experience. I am rarely in this part of town and after my trip here, I wondered why that is. There are many shops on this stretch of Clyborn and Pequod's is a Chicago institution that deserves my respect. After eating here, it's earned my patronage.Pizza is amazing. Staff is friendly, always seen on the verge of being "too busy" because it is always crowded when I go. Even early afternoon. However, the pizza makes up for it. I like the upstairs and the vibe of the place but I have also done take out. They will half-bake pizzas for you to take home. That was perfect for bringing it to a family function an hour away.The FIRST place I stop when visiting from California.  This former Chicagoan gives it the title of "Best Pizza on Earth!!!!"BOMB.  Loved the 'caramelized' crust in the pan pizza.  What they do is put cheese on the crust so that it bakes to a crisp while in the oven.  GENIUS.  We got two medium pies for 6 people, and it was a hefty amount.  One was sausage and pepperoni.  The sausage was huge chunks and delicious.  The second was spinach and mushrooms.  Overall an amazing deep dish experience.  I've always favored Lou Malnatis for their cornmeal butter crust, but Pequod's may have risen to the top of my deep dish list.My favorite deep dish pizza in Chicago! It's so delicious that I always keep a few slices in my freezer, to be prepared for any late night pizza craving emergencies! The caramelized crust is amazing; toppings are fresh and go all the way to the edge of the pan, so you're not left with a giant hunk of plain crust at the end of your slice (a la Giordano's). A medium will feed 3 hungry people, and it's very reasonably priced for deep dish in the city.One word: Amazing!! I've never been here before and have heard spectacular things about it. I'm a huge fan of Lou Malanati's Deep Dish. After having a slice of deep dish sausage from Pequods, it may have taken over as my favorite slice of deep dish. As the server was serving my date and I a slice, my mouth couldn't help itself my watering. The Crust has an excellent flavor and there isn't much of it. I am definitely coming back for more. Decently priced as well.A few months ago, I might have given four or five stars, but I've been pretty disappointed with Pequod's lately. I'm more of a fan of the thin crust pizzas here, although the "carmelized" cheese (aka burnt) on the deep-dish is interesting. That said, my two most recent orders were for a simple thin-crust sausage pizza. I used to be obsessed with the sausage they used because it was big hunks of REAL fennel-loaded Italian sausage, rather than those little round pellets of kibble that pass for sausage at the bulk of pizza places. But my last two pizzas just don't taste the same as the pizza I once loved. I thought my last order in which the sausage and spices on the pizza tasted a little off was a fluke, so I gave it another try. I'm not sure if they've switched sausage or altered the spices in the sauce or what, but it just isn't as good as it used to be. Also, I opened the box to find the cheese so runny that half of the ingredients of the pizza had slid to one side, which is annoying to say the least.I figure I've been a good enough customer and they've been reliable in the past so I plan to give them one more shot, although I'll stay away from the sausage. If my next pizza has the same iffy flavor as my past two, I'm thinking a decrease in stars might be in order.Caveat: When you order over the phone and pay with a credit card, they tend to write your entire card number, security code and ZIP code on the yellow carbon receipt stapled to the bag or box, so you might want to be sure to shred that baby before you throw it out.Take out only!Highly acclaimed by Rachel as the best Deep Dish Pizza in all of Chicago-land, I opted to grab some take out from Pequod's to sample their offerings.Extra-Large Deep Dish Pizza w/ Sausage & Onions...Perhaps the monstrosity of the Pizza is the first most notable feature of Pequod's offerings.  At first glance, the size of the pizza resembled that of a car tire, rather than "Pizza".  The weight alone is enough to scare away any willing participant.  Of course, sampling the offerings should be the most judged critique in the Pizza's execution.  At first consumption, the gluttonous amount of ingredients used in the application is the most noteworthy attribute to Pequod's rendition of Deep Dish Pizza.  The slightly burnt, crispy crust is the first detection during consumption; which acts as the foundation of the monstrosity.  The mild detection of mozzarella cheese is the second of many flavors available.  Although the slew of contrasting elements in both flavor and quantity is the emphasis of Pequod's creation, the taste is ultimately the binding principle.  Patrons consuming this pizza will find that the gluttonous exertion of flavors produced from all elements ranging from the starchiness of the dough, the robust and tart nature of the tomato sauce, and meatiness / mild saltiness from the sausage work in stark contrast and conjunction to create a superb edible.  The excessive amount of all the ingredients used works remarkable well in the creation of both a burdensome but welcoming edible.What Pequod's embodies with their rendition of a Chicago staple is a perfect example of the city's food offerings.  It is through Pequod's embodiment of the mentality of Big Food / Big Flavor approach, that the foundation of their Pizza is created.  With most food, large quantities do not equate to excessive flavors.  Luckily, Pequod's manages to find a balance between both, while supplying an excessive amount of consumables within it's Deep Dish Pizza.One of my favorite pizzas, but you must eat it there.Creme Fraiche! Like Randy Marsh I was in food bliss. I had read all about the hype of Pequod's as the city's best deep dish (or is that pan?) pizza. I'd need reinforcements for this excursion. My buddy that just relocated to the area met up with Kris and I for our afternoon feast. No waiting to be seated and we had a nice booth in the corner. Based on a little Yelping research I knew deep dish was the thing to get here. Great taps of seasonal brews from Half Acre, Sam Adams and New Belgium. We put together an order while we got started on pitcher one of NB's 2 Below. Spinach, mushroom, garlic, extra sauce and light cheese for the lady. Sausage, pepperoni, garlic and extra sauce for the gents. It would look kind of odd if Kris and I both got our own pies, so I'm glad my buddy solved that problem for us. About the time we moved onto our second pitcher, the dude showed up struggling to hold our pizzas. Right here dude! These things clunked down on the table like they were Grandma's old cast iron skillet. They smelled fantastic for starters, that would be the garlic. We wasted no time tackling these pies. It's a little thick for my taste (that's what she said) which is why you'll want to go with extra sauce. The sauce is tangy and a bit spicy, but not sweet at all. I liked the charred cheese around the rim of the crust. That's a nice touch that added another level of flavor. The garlic and pepperoni kicked in with some spiciness and the big chunks of fenneled sausage were tasty. Pretty damn good. I liked this one better than the veggie, but they were both great. Our beer and za gluttony hit Thanksgiving levels as we caught up and the brew flowed on to the third pitcher. Things were not expensive at all. I think our pies were $25 even with all the toppings and the pitchers were about $17. That's a steal that we'll surely take advantage of again. I also liked that they had all the accompaniments of red pepper, grated cheese and herbs on the table already. I had an excellent afternoon buzz by the time we left and had such a great time that I halted the cab dead in it's tracks when I realized I had forgotten our leftovers at Pequod's. I think I was about halfway down the block in pouring rain when I heard Kris ask if I was really going back to get them. Is this man serious about pizza? I think so. 4.5 starsi am not going to lie. i was really jazzed about ordering from here. but, let's be honest here, it didn't blow me away. i was just wondering when the heavens would open and rays of light would shine down on the pizza...illuminating it with POWER. will it happen with my first bite? 7th bite? after the pizza is done and i am washing the plate?nope, just bland deep dish...2.5Pequod's Pizzeria has, hands down, the best deep-dish messiest pizza I've ever eaten!  I've always been a sucker for "caramelized" (burnt) cheese, and this place satisfies my craving!  Not too mention some of the freshest toppings, excellent sausage and pepperoni!Wow.  Just wow.Seriously, that's all I could think of as I was eating the beautiful creation in front of us.  The pizza is just... awesomeness.  I've had good deep dish and one of my favorite restaurant in LA has a great deep dish, so I had really high expectations going in to Pequod's.We were able to make a reservation for 7:30pm on a Saturday night and right when you get in, you can tell Pequod's the sort of neighborhood spot where on weekdays locals will come and watch them game while grabbing a bite and drinks.  The whole feel of the place is that even though Pequod's can be filled with tourists (like me), it is still a local spot, which I like.After a long hard look, decided to go with the deep dish with sausage, pepperoni, spinach, mushroom, garlic, and fresh basil.  First of all, that caramelized cheese crust, which gives the edges of the pizza a darkened crust, is just fantastic.  That crunchy crust is straight up addicting.  Forget all the stuffed crust and the whatever-crust-Pizza-Hut is coming out with now.  The cast iron pan is super well-seasoned, which differentiate the thick crust from being just bread.  As for the toppings, it's all to everyone's own personal choice but we loved the sausages.  Great huge chunks of sausage that goes so well with the delicious sauces and cheese.  We liked how there was lots of sauce, and you even have the option of going extra on the sauces!  The pepperoni was good and there's lots of it underneath all the cheese.  Definitely try to add some veggies though cause, especially spinach cause it fits perfectly.  Also helps to serve to refresh your palate mid-bite :P The pizza did take awhile, so we decided to get an order of onion rings.  Just your typical onion rings, served with BBQ sauce.They also have a pretty good selection of beers on draft.  Decided to go with a local brew and the Goose Island 312 is a nice beer with the pizza since it has a nice citrus note.  Good change.The pizza did take awhile but trust, definitely worth the wait.  Is it the best deep dish?  It may just be.  All I can say that by completely stuffing myself after 2 and a half slices of the large and 2 beers, I still want more.  In fact, I was feeling sad knowing that as soon as I leave Chi-Town, I wouldn't be able to have it anymore.  Sigh.Do they ship?Eew.  The pizza tasted like rubber.  I was really excited to try this place out, but I was very, very disappointed.  The staff was nice, but no beer specials and bad pizza don't mix to well in my book (2 tap beers, Large 1 topping thin crust pizza was $30).  Too bad.  I rarely disagree this much with my fellow Yelpers, but I gotta go with Molly McB on this one and give this place a 2 (which is almost being too nice).I know I'm just about the only person in Chicago who HATES Pequod's Pizza, but I do, much to the dismay and chagrin of my Pequod's-loving boyfriend. I hate the "carmelized cheese" on the crust. People, it's BURNT cheese! Granted, I've only had it once, and maybe it was just an off day, but I don't have any desire to go back anytime soon.Came here on a Oct 10 a Thursday night around 12am. My boyfriend and 2 other friends and I were so excited to try some Chicago deep dish pizza. We arrived it wasn't crowded at all which was cool because we were super hungry. We ordered the chicken wings, garlic bread, sausage mushroom peperoni deep dish, and my bf ordered his own cheese deep dish. The appetizers were good but I thought our pizza was just OKAY. What I didn't like was the crust. It was burnt and the dough just tasted so bland, no flavor what so ever. Our pizza toppings were mediocre. I was expecting our pizza to be better since the ratings are high from a large demographic of reviewers. You know how usually when you eat pizza you can just keep eating more slices, I didn't get that urge to consume more at this place. Maybe we just got a bad batch? Also, our server was on her phone a lot, not very professional. I wouldn't mind coming back and trying it again.My husband, tireless in his quest to taste every highly rated pizza in Chicago, ordered carry out from this place because of its history and all the hype.  Can't comment on the fun atmosphere because of the carryout, but must say the pizzas (sausage, onion, mushroom and spinach) were a huge disappointment.   Too much dry, bready crust, and way too little topping.  I couldn't even taste the spinach on mine and the stingy amount of cheese was undetectable against the thick crust.  The sausage was OK and the tomato sauce tasty, but again, way too little to balance the crust.We decided to dine on "the best deep dish" in Chicago, but man, this was disappointing as heck!  Perhaps it was good once upon a time, but no longer.  We ordered a 12" for 2 people, topped with sausage, pepperoni, peppers and onions (of course, cheese and tomato sauce below that).  The pizza showed up about 30min later, looked nice around the edges but the first bite was cold, raw dough and the toppings weren't much better (cold/raw).  The waitress saw that we weren't eating it quickly so she asked if all was ok, when we said 'not really' she picked up the spatula and started to stab at the pizza from all angles, which disassembled the layers. She summoned the manager who immediately admitted that the pizza was below par and "undercooked by about 2 minutes" (10% of the cooking time, he later clarified). He offered to "throw a few slices back into the oven" but agreed it would not be the same even cook that a pizza should have - if you run a pizza joint yet can't make a pizza properly, ain't that a problem? The venue itself was nothing special, which we actually liked, but the guys who bring the pizza to your table are also busy taking bags of trash and big dirty trash cans around the restaurant and there is NOT a lot of hand washing going on.  In the end, we paid for the pizza but only ate a few nibbles around the edges.  Overall, can't say that Pequod's takes pride in its craft: aside from the front from staff, the toppings were rather chaotically tossed all over the ill-cooked pizza and it was clearly made in haste by people that consider making pizza just a job.  Without a little passion coming from the kitchen, might as well eat Pizza Hut.This is the best pizza west of the Raritan River. While visiting Chicago I had the pan pizza and the thin crust. The pan was a cheese pizza and the thin crust had the best sausage I had tasted on a pizza in years. I believe this is due to the fact that they only use quality ingredients at this restaurant. I also heard that they are on a pizza tour of Chicago. Thank you!Dear Pequod's - You have just lost our business forever! ~ Also I will be posting this review on Facebook so all of my friends can read about your terrible business practice as well..We have just moved to a new apartment in the city last month and we called what "used to be" our favorite pizza place to see if they deliver to our new neighborhood. YES! They do, they tell us! "Awesome!!" - Send over a pizza we say! Great, they say. It'll take about and hour and a half they say. "Sounds good" we say...........We wait......We wait........We wait........ We wait.......Pizza never shows up...............We call them about two hours later.  They tell us they gave our pizza away! Uhhh, Whut? YES THEY GAVE OUR PIZZA AWAY BECAUSE IT TURNS OUT THEY DO NOT DELIVER TO OUR NEIGHBORHOOD!!!!  I guess this goes without saying but they could have told us that at the time the order was placed instead of just blowing us off and GIVING our pizza away!!! Turns out or house is two blocks from their delivery border. I guess they could have also called us after the fact to let us know.  Nope - Nothing of the sort happened. I have completely lost faith in this business. When we called them to find out what was up with our order, they we're even rude to us over the phone!  How is this even acceptable in this era of Yelp, Facebook, Etc????? Do NOT give this place your business! P.S. I literally wrote this review with a tear running down my cheek. Iused to love this place. Sadly is has fallen by the wayside. I had seen this coming. Management and staff seem to be perpetually stoned/drunk and they no longer give a shit about customers.  So sad......Best of luck to you Pequod's..Buhbye!Loved the pizza! Good beer! And great music, country! We went here because if the amazing reviews while visiting Chicago. We went on a Tuesday night so it was surprisingly not very busy and the service was quick for deep dish! The crust, like everyone says, is amazing, especially the crispy burnt cheese part! The prices are more reasonable compared to some of the places downtown (depending on the amount of toppings you get at pequods). It was a fun place and seemed more for locals which I liked, but my dad said he still preferred the traditional giordanos, but I highly recommend trying both if in Chicago!I'm in love....with their pizza!   Who would think that burnt, crispy cheese crust would be so tasty?!  It certainly is.  Seriously, what is better than pizza and beer?  Yummm!This place is home to two very contrasting things:  Home to some of the best pizza in ChicagoandHome to some of the unhappiest staff in ChicagoI highly suggest ordering your food to go.You might say I frequent the city of Chicago. Over the past 5 years or so, many people have referred to it as my second home. Co-workers often think I'm from Chicago because I spend so much time there. So naturally, when anyone I know ventures out to my beloved Windy City for the first time, they always ask me "OK, where do I go to get the best Chicago deep dish pizza?"And until a couple months ago, I greeted them with a blank stare. You see, it had become a joke, we never ate deep dish pizza when I came to town, we were too busy at The Publican or Longman and Eagle, Spiaggia or Avec. But when a friend from Minneapolis met me in Chicago with only 1 request of eating real Chicago pizza? Well we had no choice, we had to break tradition, I mean he did drive like 8 hours just to hang out, right? So off our raucous group went to Pequod's after it was unanimously voted to be the best option and holy crap, were they right! I can't tell you anything you haven't already read but just know it's worth any wait you may have to endure and this really is what they talk about when people praise Chicago deep dish. Praise Pequod's!This is the best pizza in the city!  Both their thin crust and deep dish are way above the competition.  I like to go with a group and order both kinds - because they are so different, but I can't decide which I like better.  The staff is friendly and the place is very inviting :) Being located right by the movie theater makes it the perfect stop for dinner and a movie!  If you haven't been there - make it a "must do" next time you are in the mood for pizza!  You won't be disappointed!I'm no fan of deep dish pizza but pequods is fucking amazing! Burnt cheese gets me hard.Well Pequod's is coming to my house, my house. I'll eat all the crust, kid, eat all the crust.I've got a couch and a "salad" at my house, my house.I'll eat all the crust, kid, eat all the crust.I've got one fat kitty at my house, my house.He's ripped all the furniture to shreads. Well, Pequod's coming to my house, my houseYou've got to eat it up kid, eat it upWell Pequod's is coming to my  house, my houseI've waited 1 hour and 15 mins.There's girl in every room, at my house my house.And the neighbors think we're nice and politeThere's a pot of tea brewin' at my house, my houseBecause the Tetley's blend tastes real nice.(cowbell)youtube.com/watch?v=o-7D…I love their deep dish. My favorite part of their pizza is the caramelized crust. Just EXCELLENT! Nice atmosphere and the people that work there are very nice.I like this place. I really do. I love the caramelized cheese on the deep dish, love the sauce on the pizza. I like the vibe, even though I feel like its lost a bit of the edge after the fire, because now it just seems bigger and open instead of cramped and cozy. To some this would be a good thing. Somehow on a cold rainy/snowy night it was a great place to squeeze in with friends and leave with a stuffed stomach. Somehow though, I can't love it. Apps are good, but common and nothing ground breaking. The liquor and beer selection is great, (anyplace with Liberty Ale is a good place to be), and the pizza is great. I think the crust is good, but I feel like its missing something. Maybe I hope it could be something of a buttery crust but it certainly keeps up with the toppings. Service is usually really good too. Its a solid pizza place and certainly will make you leave full.First time left a good impression. Had the lunch time special. Deep dish personal sausage pizza. Good cheese amount, nice sauce great crust and the sausage was tasty. It was excellent and the perfect amount of pizza (for lunch)..the service was good and attentive. The place is more of a sports bar with some flat screens and a couple of arcade games. The front windows open up during summer and feels great. I am def going back for dinner and a larger pie.The RedEye (yeah, I know) helpfully reports that Pequod's should be back in business this weekend.  Praise the pizza gods!I guess I don't get it. I was all psyched to try the caramelized cheese everyone raved about and... the quarter inch of burned cheese around the edge of my pizza just didn't really set my panties on fire the way everyone made it sound like it would. It was pretty good pizza, but not the best I've ever had by any means. And, this is weird, but I really felt like about 45% of the staff was just repeatedly walking by my table and just starring at me. It was creepy. I won't go back unless my husband really loved it and makes a special trip...but I think he's just as happy with the 5 places right by our house. Sorry, dudes!We tried a pan sausage pizza and had it delivered, so I can't speak to the restaurant, but the pizza was decent. I definitely don't understand the massive following this place gets, the pizza was good, but nothing special.. to me it was like a higher quality pizza hut pan pizza. I knew it was going to have a lot of bread going in, but damn, the pizza itself is 90% bread. If you cut the cheese and sauce and toppings off and put it in a plate, it'd be 1/8" thick. The sausage was very good and they give you great portions.. I really liked the burnt cheese on the crust, that was probably my favorite part. Overall it's a decent, and quality pizza. In a city famous for the deep dish, their pan style is a nice change of pace.I was under the impression that I didn't like deep dish pizza, until I had it at Pequod's. Definitely a great place to bring out of town visitors who want to try out Chicago's best deep dish! I'm sure I'll be doing so a lot in the future.Oh no! I rarely calorie-splurge on deep dish, and I should have just stuck with Lou's.  I think the sauce is great, but our pizza was quite skimpy on the sausage. And what's with the deep dish being mostly dough? I would rather eat a ton of cheese rather than a ton of dough, so I just scraped the toppings off and ate them...and ate the crust, because it's goood.Being a born-and-bred Brooklyn Boy, I am supposed to hate deep dish pizza. I'm supposed to hate it like I hate the Red Sox & the Mets. That's just plain stupid. Pequod's is incredible. Sure, it takes about 30 minutes for the food to come, but it's damn good. It's thick, but loaded with toppings, not dough. We love to go and load that sucker up with 5 to 8 toppings and it's always great. get the garlic, it's not one you'd think of, but definitely worth it.Pequod's deep dish pepperoni pizza pie with jalapeno's?  Hell to the yes!  I have tried deep dish at all the Lou Malginoseastgiordano's Uno and I am NOT a fan.  This deep dish was really tasty and the caramelized crust is arguably the best part of the pizza.  But the pepperoni is my first love; sliced thin and just a bit spicy, it wins my heart over.Ok I must nerdily admit my favorite memory of Pequods was buying a pizza while me a friend were waiting in line to see the last Star Wars movie across the street.  I brought the pie back and everybody in line was instantly jealous.  We shared some of the pizza to pretty girls that asked for it.. yes we are horrible people.  But at least I didn't resort to using a dog.  Well at any rate.  Pequods thin crust is decent to good.  Pequod's pan pizza, is actually what you want.  They do a good job with the ingredients, sauce is good.  Its worth the wait, very good pizza and a very nice bar to catch a drink in.  The pizza is unique as the caremalize (burn) some cheese on the edges of all their pies, some people don't like this, but I don't mind.  Eating in can get very busy and I have never lived close enough for delivery, so can't comment on that.Not a fan of this pizza.  I had been wanting to try this for a long time, but nervous about straying away from the good old standbys- namely Giordano's and Lou Malnati's.  But on Saturday I was hungover and decided to be a little adventurous since I figured just about any food would help the situation.  Not so.  The carmelized crust just tasted burnt to me.  I didn't like the flavor of the sauce, and there didn't seem to be much cheese, just crust.  I also ordered the hot wings, not hot at all, mostly fat, and the ranch sauce has spilled in the container on the way over to me so the wings were already drenched with it and soggy.  I understand wings are in no way their specialty, but all I was looking for was decent.  I'm not going to make this mistake twice.We called in advance to make sure that we could get a seat and went ahead and put our order in. This place is the perfect place to take a family, to watch the game, or to just hang out with friends and enjoy some GREAT deep dish pizza. I was thoroughly impressed. The crust is crisp not gooey. It's just overall awesome.I visited this place in August of 2011, and I was just touring Chicago with some friends. We were first directed to go to Giordanos Pizzeria, as that being the tourist thing to do. Which is really good too, but upon trying Pequod's my perception about pizza was taken away. There hasn't been a day since I have tried Pequod's pizza that any other pizza I eat is just not as good. I recommend this place to anyone visiting or moving to Chicago. You can't get a better location and a better pizza than this.I didn't get a chance to go inside the place, but had my pizza delivered.  It did come within the time they said it would come, which was an hour and 10 minutes.  Let me tell you, it was worth the wait.  This is now my new favorite pizza.  The pepperoni tastes more authentic and the sauce seemed like it gets marinated for hours.  I was trying not to overeat, but it was so hard to pull myself away from another slice.  I had always wished that pizza wouldn't have to have a crust, and it was like Peaquod's read my mind.  It's practically non-existent and then it's like "Oh my God!"  what is this crispy cheesiness at the end?  This is like having multiple orgasms. Oh yeah, baby.  Yes, yes, yes...I think everything that has to be said about this pizza has already been said. But I'll say it again because why not? I love the taste of the caramelized crust. I love the sauce the cheese, etc. This is my favorite "deep dish" place in the city right now. But I am far from a pizza expert. I really enjoy that this pizza reheats well as most deep dish pizzas do but this one seems to reheat better than others. There's usually a good beer deal going on here while dining in. This is my pizza of first resort in the Lincoln Park area.I really like this pizza.  The sauce is tasty and they always give you extra ingredients.  However, they tend to burn the pizza, which is not so tasty.  But 4 stars stay because they're Sox fans.The pan pizza and yummy, crazy caramelized crust....mmmmmmm, so good!  It takes a while for delivery, but I think it is worth the wait and the cash; it's a little pricey for some za.  Totally worth it!Pequod's Pizzeria is what has caused my addiction to pizza. Sure, I've always liked pizza, but never have I ever CRAVED pizza - until, Pequod's, that is.One of my friend's treated me to carry out from Pequod's because she's been RAVING about Pequod's so I was like 'sure, why not?' And, WOW. We shared a pan pizza with mushroom and it was amazing! Delicious crust and sauce -- MmmMm.And there begins my love for pizza....Went back and dined in with a few friends - it took a little long for them to make the pizza, but it was worth the wait. Definitely order yourselves some appetizers to hold off hunger pains - we ordered the cheesy garlic bread and it was so yummy - the bread was soft, but still crispy and very flavorful and cheesy. Will definitely order again!Plenty of street parking around noon on a Sunday.While the service may not be very friendly, the pizza is pretty darn good.  I was here for the first time about five years ago, and loved it.  I came here today with my parents, and had only one complaint outside of service.  It wasn't that big of a deal, but the pizza was lacking in sauce.  Instead of slathering sauce in between the ingredients, they simply drizzle it on the top.  This is good because the crust stays nice and crispy.  It was a quick fix, though.  We asked for some extra sauce, and the pizza was perfect.  Oh, and the best part is the "caramelized cheese" on the crust.  I am not sure how they do it, but they come so close to burning it, and stop just in time to make it deliciously savory!  Yummy.Pequod's Pizza sets the standard for deep dish pizza in Chicago, as far as I'm concerned. I've tried other, perhaps more iconic, pizzas, and they do not compare. The taste and texture of the crust, the quality and quantity of the toppings - there is nothing left to be desired. The venue itself is usually crowded, and perhaps not family-oriented (their sign and t-shirts feature a whale with a thong on its head, though my somewhat tight-laced parents didn't mind), but it's perfectly possible to get a table with little notice given.Excellent food.  Service was good but slow. We highly recommend it.Don't get me wrong, this is far better than Domino's or Pizza Hut.  But in a town where you have delicious thin and thick-crust pies, Pequod's just doesn't cut it.  They are most known for their thick crust pizza, which has a layer of burnt cheese around the crust.  That's a nice touch, but it's not enough to offset the mediocre sauce and too-thick bottom crust.  Again, you won't hate Pequods, but there's just no real reason to go.I was so so disappointed when I got tried Pequod's for the first time this week. I was really craving cheesy deep dish pizza that was new to me so I came on yelp and saw all the great reviews. The pizza was delivered and got here fast enough. I don't like that the pizza is basically all crust. Most deep dishes have a good percentage of topping and crust. But my pizza wa 90% crust...yuck!! I was just very disappointed and won't be ordering from here again!!In my opinion, Pequod's pizza is completely overrated.  While the outer crust is indeed very nicely done, the middle is a soggy mess.  The sauce was super salty, and this is the only time in my life EVER that pizza was not better the day after.  I mean really how does that happen?  It is one of the foundational laws of all that is good and right in life, that pizza is always better the day after.  Well not at this joint.  I've tried their pizza several times now, and just don't get it.  And not for nothing, it's not inexpensive either, two pies $50.00 with a couple of toppings?    I know Pequod's is popular and all, but not with this girl.WOWWWW yum. We had a Caesar salad to start (amazing croutons for some reason), then garlic bread, then cheese/pepperoni pan pizza. SO good. I can't wait to come back :)**UPDATE**I took the day off of work and my boyfriend wanted to run to Pequod's for a quick lunch.  They have a weekday lunch deal...a personal pan pizza with one topping and either pop or beer for $4.95.  So, we dropped in...there were 2 other tables occupied.  My boyfriend ordered the lunch deal, and I ordered a slice of mushroom.  We waited 45 minutes (way longer then necessary).  Finally, our waiter came out with my slice of pizza, which was completely over done.  It was black on the bottom.  He exclaimed that he was going to bring out my boyfriend's slice, but that it was a little overdone.  He told my boyfriend that he didn't know what the "guys in the back were doing"  but that he already asked them to put a new pizza in the oven.  He brought the pizza out for us to look at and it was completely burnt.  He suggested we wait 12 minutes for a new one...since we had already waited 3 times that, my boyfriend told them to forget it.  We left without eating anything.  It was a complete disappointment.This is the best Chicago-style pizza I've encountered.  My boyfriend and I go once a week and order the deep-dish pizza.  We recommend extra sauce and fresh garlic.  As with many of my dining recommendations, this is not inexpensive pizza.  But, it's worth every penny.  The crust is the perfect blend of crisp and pan and it always comes out of the over piping hot.  The toppings are $2.00 each, but it's been my experience that just cheese pizza is delicious (and I like a lot of toppings).  The pizza is extremely filling...we usually get a medium and have some to take home.  And, if you're not into the pizza, or if you're looking for a little something extra, the garden salad is really nice.  It's not the crunchy iceberg that you'd usually find at a pizza place.  This is a nice romaine lettuce with a slice of tomato, onions and black olives.  Very good...I ask for the dressing on the side.  Pequod's may have made me a pizza snob, but it's well worth it.I don't care how good a place is. With very few exceptions, there is NO restaurant worth waiting more than an hour to sit down at, especially when you're packed in like sardines with throngs of suburban Chicago tourists who would probably benefit everyone more if flattened on Clybourn than eating pizza on a Friday night.Well, that was rude of me. But true, damn. And I just went in to TAKE OUT my pizza. These people need a damn pick-up window or something.So I dove in among the unwashed masses to get my pizza, paid up, waited about five minutes before the bartenders realized they still owed me change then held my breath and entered the fray once more until I burst out into the cold night air. I have never welcomed subzero temperatures more.Once we got our pizza home, I...was disappointed. Really not worth risking my life going in there. I've heard some people complain that the crust tastes burnt. I'm not in that camp; I actually like the cheese cooked onto the crust. It adds a nice flavor to the top of the pizza.But the crust-to-toppings ratio -- even the crust-to-cheese ratio! -- was all wonky. It actually took some elbow grease getting a knife through the pizza to the plate to cut myself a bite. The pepperoni and sausage were both delicious, but I ended up carving about a quarter-inch of the crust off the bottom and eating a strange, doughy cheese and toppings melange... All in all? Too much work for a lazy Friday-night dinner!This is my absolute favorite pizza place in the whole world. The crust on the deep dish pizza is to die for. My first experience was as a young, naïve college kid feeling cool in the big city. The atmosphere is very unassuming, but almost makes you feel right at home. Since becoming a city resident, I regularly order delivery and have always been happy with my choice. This weekend, I went in to pick up the pizza and it was packed. The host asked my name, told me where to pick up the pizza and it was in my hands within minutes. Upon leaving, the host thanked me and remembered my name. As if the pizza wasn't already worthy of 5 stars, I'm happy to say that the service is too. I'm sad that it has taken me this long to write a review on one of my favorite Chicago establishments, but I guess I am better late than never. Eat here now!!!Unlike most of the reviews of this place, I am reviewing the thin crust pizza instead of the pan.  The thin crust is very good--not too crackery, with just the right bit of chewiness.  The toppings are yummy and plentiful, and the sausage and mushroom combo is my favorite.  What's weird though, is that Pequod's is the ONLY pizza I've ever eaten that I add salt to.  One would think that between the cheese, sausage, and pepperoni it would be almost too salty, but no!  Bizarre, but true for me every time I've had it.The very true test of a great pizza, like love,  is the morning after.  Pequod's gets my highest pizza rating and this ol' Taylor Street gal knows her pizza.   I thought it was one of the best ever and the crust was not only pretty but crunchy.  Whole family loved it - Don't know why we never tried it before as we pass by there all the time.  Thanks to the Pizza god above for my daughter's maturing taste buds, and delivering us from the evil taste of Domino's.  Amen.Their pizza is amazing, especially the caramelized crust.  Appetizers leave a little to be desired, mostly fried veggies with ranch.  Go for the pizza, stay for the pitchers of beer.Deep dish is the shit, best id ever had. i live in California and im pissed that we dont have deep dish of this caliber there.I was told by a local hipster that this place is way better than Lou Malnati's because it's much less "corporate"...Whatever that means.  Not wanting to seem unenlightened, I just nodded in agreement and decided to try it out.  The caramelized cheese crust was good on the first piece.  However, I found the sauce to be somewhat watery, which caused the crust to be soggy on subsequent pieces.  I am not a person who only likes pizza from one place and the rest suck, it's not the Cubs and Sox debate.  I don't think I've had a bad Chicago Deep Dish; some are just better than others.  I would rank Pequod's among the best, but not better than Lou's.  Maybe "corporate" is the secret ingredient.I really want to like this place given the high reviews but after a few attempts I always regret ordering it after the first bite.  Not sure what the rave is about.  The pan pizza is 2 inches of bread and sooooo bland.  I even ordered with extra sauce hoping for more flavor.  It's more like bread and sauce, not pizza.  Not worth $30.  I could get a loaf of bread at Jewel for $3 and slab on some sauce.  Skip this place...Simply the best in Chicago.. Get a pan stuffed pizza with extra sauce.. Good place to go watch sports & to get a drink as well.. Pequods is the best.At first when I ate Pequods, I thought wow...this is pretty good.  It was different from other pizzas because of it's crust and had good flavors, but after try Lou Malnati...IMO, Lou's is better!  Looking back the crust was kinda crispy, burnt and not what I would prefer.  Pequods seemed more doughy and made it overwhelming to eat too much of it.  Lou Malnati was simply cheesy and good..  But all in all...i'm not even a deep dish fan..so what do I know!This place is "legend"...wait for it..."dary". I am a pizza enthusiast, and I can say without a doubt this is one of the best Pizza places our great city of Chicago has to offer.  The caramelized crust alone would get 3 stars by itself, add that to a delicious pizza and that makes 5 stars buddy!!!  My wife actually introduced me to this place back in the day...I think this is where we went on our second date...back to the point.  The pizza here is undeniably good, and is better than many of the more famous pizza places.  They also have pretty fast delivery from what I remember.  If you have friends or family visiting from out of town...take them here instead of the usual (Giordano's, Lou Malnattis, Gino's East...etc).  Guaranteed they will remember why Chicago is known for its deep dish pizza.I loved this unpretentious, semi-hipster pizza place! The prices are great and it's nice to only have to wait 30 minutes for deep dish; I feel that it's rare to have it cooked up so quickly. As mentioned in other reviews, the crust definitely sets it apart but it's hard to single out one flavor in pizza that's just pure deliciousness.I think I might have blown out a few taste buds because our pan pizza was so good.  Normally I am a lou malanati's girl but i think I might be swinging by this place more often.  If you are a sausage lover you will definitely enjoy their spicy chunks, they lay the toppings down heavy.  I love our server's reasoning for the whole pequods whale theme.  According to them "the owner is a real scumbag and just wanted to put some pants on moby dick"  Now that's Chicago for you!I hadn't gone to Pequod's since well before the fire that happened, but I am glad to see that the place has bounced back. I went there with my roommate on Saturday and after seating ourselves at a table against the wall that used to be covered in graffiti and yellowing pictures but was now super clean, we ordered drinks and talked while sometimes watching commercials on one of the four (?) televisions within sight. The place was dead, but our waitress was diligent and swooped in with refills when I was low on Coca Cola.We started out with the fried appetizer combo. It's one of those things you order to trick yourself into thinking you're eating something kind of healthy since veggies are good for you, but oh yeah, they deep fry the zucchini, mushrooms, jalapeno poppers, and cheese. A tasty and filling start to lunch...in fact it was too filling since I could only eat one slice of the medium deep dish that we ordered to split and take home leftovers. Take home leftovers we did. We went with an garlic and onion (aka anti-make out) pizza and we barely conquered 1/3 of it. It's nice because by ordering a size larger pizza than you think you can eat, you are guaranteed leftovers. Our waitress explained that the burnt looking parts around the crust's edges are just caramelized cheese and while my roommate thinks it's the tastiest part, I have a mental block that does not allow me to eat things that looked burnt. He ate the tops of my otherwise delicious crusts. Nothing gets left behind at 1735!Went here recently with friends and we figured out the key to getting a delicious pizza at pequods. If you're a meat lover, go nuts as their toppings are as good as anywhere. If you're a vegan just keep it basic. It seems like when you order more than 2 non meat toppings on a pizza it gets way too soggy because of all the water. We had a sausage, spinach, and garlic pan pizza here and it was excellent. The service is always good even when there busy. And it's clean, spacious, and has big screen tv's so you don't have to miss the game. Overall after being an afterthought when it comes to pizza options, Pequod's is officially in my regular pizza rotation again after a brief hiatus. Good to have you back guys!I made it a gastronomic goal to eat in every pizzeria that was touted by Chicago mag, the Reader, RedEye , etc because i love pizza and it's a popular way to end a movie outing.  And Pequod's is across the street from Webster Place Theatre ... so.  it is very unique, crusty, tasty, reasonably priced, fast from the oven and it does warm up in a microwave like no other pizza.  What else could a pizza afficionado want? i gave it five stars for the food - i'm not into the sports bar atmosphere, but the Sunday we went there was a game on and the volume was low enough for conversation and enthusiastic fans were even polite.Last night I went to another establishment for deep dish pizza and all I could do is compare it to Peaquod's. Seriously folks, this is the best pizza in Chicago- hands down!!YUM YUM YUM!!! I don't typically prefer deep dish pizza, but this pizzza is GREAT!!! We tend to normally call in an order on our way home from a bar on Friday night. Delicious, and even better the next morning after you've popped it in the oven for a few minutes!!You know how on TV they show the lonely person watching couples holding hands, walking down the boardwalk or whatever couples do, and the person is so envious and sad that they're not the one with someone's hand to hold? Well, I just saw a picture of a pequod's pizza and I got that same misty eyed, lovelorn feeling because of how much I want that pizza right now. I'm gonna go ahead and click the "romantic" box under ambiance.Yikes! I haven't ordered Pequod's in a long time but my husband and I decided to take a break from our usual picks- Peace, Lou Malnatis and Roots. I can't stress how much I regret that decision.  Maybe our pizza was an isolated incident but it was horrible. We spent $40 on a large pizza and a Caesar salad, neither of which was edible. Aside from the fact that the pizza weighed about 15lbs- it was so soggy it looked like bread dipped in soup- I even tried to salvage it with a few minutes in the toaster oven- failed attempt. The salad was wilted and smothered in dressing- Who dumps dressing all over a salad when it's carry out?  I very rarely write reviews, especially bad ones-but I was so irritated at the waste of money and food I couldn't help but write this. Maybe they offer an uncut option to avoid the sogginess? With so many great reviews I can only imagine that our order just came out bad because I assure you that the quality we received would not warrant any return customers.Still the best pizza I've ever had!  Just went back for the 1st time since they re-opened and it was worth the wait.  The three things that make Pequod's stand out to me are:  1) the carmelized crust, 2) the fact that they never skimp on the toppings, and 3) this pizza tastes just as good the next day.  The new renovations to the interior look great.  Can't wait to go back!Not a bad place but it didnt really stand out in anyway to me.  The new upstairs is nice but the pizza could have been better.The reason I am giving one star is because the crust was burnt cheese but good and our server was nice but the pizza itself was uncooked doughy and disgusting. I did not like the tomato sauce on it at all. Honestly, this was my first deep dish pizza I was hesitant to try other pizza  places but i'm glad I did because my favorite was Pizano's and Lou Manati's.I don't see what the attraction is at all. The bread makes up 80% of the pizza. No thanks!A place with over 800 reviews doesn't need mine. But I'm gonna anyway, because Pequod's is part of why Chicago is awesome (to me).You know how some people get hung up on ex-boyfriends or ex-girlfriends? They remember past relationships so fondly that every relationship from then on gets compared to that "one." Yeah. That's pretty much how I feel about Pequod's. This was the first deep dish pizza I had when I moved to Chicago a year ago and it might as well have been the only deep dish pizza I've had. Sure, I've come across others during my time here, but nothing compares (cue Sinead O'Connor's bald head here). Sure, the atmosphere is very Chicago sports bar-y, but you'll forget all about that when that tomatoey, cheesy, and whatever other toppings-y slice hits your taste buds. I don't know how they do it, but the caramelized crust is perfectly cheesy, crunchy, but chewy at the same time. I could seriously eat an entire pizza, of just caramelized crust. I don't know what that would look like, but I don't care, I want it in my belly. As for the rest of the pizza, they don't hold back on the toppings, and you'll eat until you're painfully full, but still want to eat more. It's just that good. The pizza, beer, and service is great, and even though this is such a popular pizza spot, they've maintained a hometown, local feel, which I love. So play roulette with the topping choices, they're all pretty dang delicious. Just eat here, and get hung up on their pizza like I am.If you're bored with Uno's/Due's, Giordano's, Lou Malnati's, Gino's, Edwardo's, etc. then I suggest going here.  Pequod's is excellent.  I like how there's so many opinions on what good Chicago pizza is.  Other smaller cities would be lucky to have this kind of debate.This was one of the first pizza places that I came to when I moved to Chicago. I was on my search for "the best Chicago style pizza." I have to admit, I realized that I really don't like the deep dish Chicago style but Pequod's is different. It is a deep pan pizza with a caramelized/burnt crust which is something to crave. So it is really much better than traditional Chicago style, but just as filling. I can only finish one slice here and then i get sleepy. But if you haven't tried this place- you should. You can order it and pick it up or go in to a dive-type atmosphere.Yeah, the pizza is amazing. I used to drive up from Hyde Park to get a pie on the weekends.Not a 'Chicago Experience' by any means when it comes to pizza, but one thing is for sure: the food is DAMN good. This place was hopping when we stopped in after a quick change of plans on our way to Potbelly. The prices are reasonable, but they absolutely nickel and dime you. Two of us got a medium pizza with two ingredients, garlic bread, and each drank water and got out for a little over $30.00 including a reasonable tip. The service is so-so, not bad by any means. The food is great. The prices are fair but annoyingly nitpicky. It'd eat there again if the crave hit me.Finally got to go here because I was in the area. It was ok pizza. I was raised on Gino's East, where I love their cheese, the thick cornmeal crust, the sausage patty, and mmm the savory sauce. Here, everything was just ok. For anyone who remembers Rocky Rocco, the pizza reminds me of that, and I rather have Rocky's. (Madison has acouple locations, yay for me!) I would go here again, but would not trek out on purpose for it.OMG! This pizza is delicious! I don't even like thick crust or pan pizzas and I cannot stop thinking about the pizza here. The lunch special for $5 (personal pizza and a beer) can't be beat. YUM!!!!Hands down the best pizza in Chicago.  Try a pan pizza with pepperoni and pineapple and add an order of jalapeño poppers.  Their lunch special ($4.95 7" inch pan cheese plus single topping with a soda - Mon thru Fri 11 am to 3 pm) is one of the best deals in the city.  Plus the logo is a whale with panties on it's head.  What's not to love?It tastes like i'm eating a giant buttermilk biscuit with tomato sauce on top with my choice of toppings. This may sound awesome if you like buttermilk biscuits... but I don't. The only thing I like about their deep dish pizza is the burnt outer edges of the crust. I also like how they USED to (and i say this because they don't anymore) pile on the pepperoni. I prefer their thin crust although i find that their crust is not so thin... but more doughy. Make sure you confirm that you want deep dish or thin crust if you order over the phone. They use a dumb push to talk phone to  eliminate background noise and it seems like the phone operator that was helping me didn't  know it's "push to talk" not... "talk and then push." I got home and saw that they gave me a deep dish instead of thin crust making my night majorly disappointing. Can't bash on this place cause it's the only pizza place that's near where I live that's walkable. If I lived further away... I'd probably never go here... why would you when theres lous, uno, and girodanos.oh and stay away from their meatball sandwich... unless you usually lick a block of salt after every bite of food. Salt City.Oh My God!!!! This place is sooooo good! I am not a fan of pan pizza but I gave this place a shot because I was talked into it. The sauce was yummy!!! We ordered olives, italian sausage, and mushrooms. Other than too many olives the pizza was delicious!! I will only eat deep dish here. I think I liked it so much is because the crust was still crispy and it wasn't just cheesy. ALL THE FLAVORS MESHED WELL TOGETHER They wear tshirts with a thong on a whale. If you haven't noticed ask your server.Great stuff. I love UNO, Lou's, Gino's too. I'm a sucker for excellent pizza and this is one of those places. However, Pequod's has better service than those other placesI am a thin crust kind of girl, but I must admit this is the best deep dish pizza I have ever had.  Not just in Chicago but anywhere.  My parents are the same way and when i took them there while they were in town, my mom was not even going to try it.  However, when I told her about the yummy burnt cheese on the crust she was all over it.it takes a little while to get your food, but it is worth the wait.  The pizza comes out hot and fresh.Overall a great place and I would highly recommend it to anyone.Period point blank, until they invent an alarm clock that wakes you up with a blowjob and a glass of jameson, this pizza will be the best thing ever.Great pizza and local Chicago experience. But could a girl ask for some better maintained bathrooms?  How many times do I have to sit/stand in urine.Best pizza ever. MAN, everything about it was wonderful. Made to order and soooooooooooo incredibly good, with fresh ingredients, flavorful and just plain right. Best pizza ever.My husband and I are new to Chicago and have been on a four month quest for the best Chicago pizza.  Last night friends-in-the-know took us to Pequod's.  Absolutely without question the best deep dish pizza we've had here.  What exactly sets it above the Unos and Dues and Ginos and Lous in this town?  First of all, the pie stands tall in the crust and stays that way, even after you cut it, and the sauce is really flavorful - not just tomato-y.  But the kicker is that fantastic rim of crispy slightly-burned cheese around the outside edge.  Great, raw-brick-&-timber atmosphere -- although they could warm up the upstairs room a bit.  There was cool music and a great vibe downstairs, but when we were seated upstairs, it was kinda silent.  One minor niggle:  the Caesar salad was just 'meh.'  Small for $9 -- definitely not enough to share.Not the best pizza and definitely slow. I think this place serves a purpose and if convenient then there is no reason not to eat here. But, there is also no reason to go here.For once all of what the 5 star givers say is true... this was very good.Delicious and tasty deep dish pizza. Great ambience. Attentive service.Best deep dish in Chicago.  I'm eating the leftovers now and it tastes as good as it did in the store.  The crust is fantastic and while most deep dish tends to be extremely heavy, Pequod's feels light and doesn't weigh you down like Malnati's or Gino's.  I can't wait to go back.I ordered delivery from here, and I liked it, but it was lacking somehow, and I hated their garlic bread (a sesame seed hoagie cut and toasted with garlic butter).  However, a significant number of friends whose opinions I value said I had to try this place.  After reporting back to one, he told me I need to eat on-site.  So, I went over and had dinner there with a friend.  The advice was pretty spot on.  Somehow, being here made it so much better.  I don't know what happened the first time between Pequod's and my door, but when I ate the pizza at Pequod's, I was able to appreciate it so much more.  The caramelized crust is amazing, the ingredients are pretty fresh, and the atmosphere was much nicer than I'd imagined it would be from the outside.  It looks like a sports bar, and it kind of is, but I didn't feel like I was sitting in a sports bar from my booth, and there were lots of families around.  So, I highly recommend Pequod's for your deep dish, but you gotta go there.  don't get it delivered or to-go.alright, i went here for the first time this week with a few of my friends. this place isn't really trying to look cool or anything. it's just your average dim lit sports bar, with flat screen tvs and blackhawks jersey on the walls. what isn't so ordinary is their food selection. we ordered a half pepperoni/half mushroom, all bell pepper pizza. MMMMMM, wow! we also ordered the cheezy bread, which was 3.50, a great deal, if you ask me! if you have more than 4 people, you might want to order more than one, though. it's pretty small. the dough and crust were what is really memorable for me. it was soft AND crunchy. the zillions of pepperonis they packed onto my half of the pizza were super salty and not too greasy, like a lot of other pepperoni places.the waitresses were friendly and the total, for four people, came to $28 and a little change. i think place is a really great deal. i would say go here if you aren't looking to impress your date, or if you just want to grab a slice and a brew with your friends. i feel so mediocre about this place!!I don't get their pizzas. I was so excited to read "caramelized crust" and believed it to involve turning starch or doing some science magic turning chemicals into sugar for a sweet taste. WRONG. By caramelized they really mean burnt. The edges are burnt and the crust is.. well, it's just bread. I don't think they use yeast.. more like baking soda or baking powder as a riser, and so it tastes more like very thick breadsticks than what you'd expect as pizza dough that Italian chefs spin in the air. Not enough cheese. Sauce was good, though, although slightly on the saltier side if I could say. I would never rate this as one of Chicago's bestest pizzas as others have put it. I've tried better.caramelized crust makes me happy in pants. That is all.I just love this thick crust pizza!  And the crust.  OH lord it gives me the vapors just thinking about it!  Muy muy delicioso!I am definitely a fan of this place! I am not a big pan pizza person, but a friend recommended it to me and I was not disappointed. A medium pan pizza with 3 toppings is MORE than enough (we each took 2 pieces home as left overs). We got mushrooms, onions and sausage on the pizza and it was delicious. I would recommend this place and come back any time.I went to Chicago with my girlfriend over Memorial Day Weekend, and she had a tour book that recommended three different Chicago-style pizza places.  Those recommendations were Giordano's (the guide book's favorite), Gino's East, and Pequod's.  The one we didn't try was Giordano's, so I am eagerly looking forward to visiting Chicago again to try it, because if it's better than Pequod's, I may just move there.Since this is a review about Pequod's, maybe I should mention it.  It was outstanding.  Being from the San Francisco Bay Area, I've gotten used to Zachary's Chicago style pizza in Berkeley.  While Gino's East was different but ultimately a notch below Zachary's, Pequod's stood right up to it.  The caramelized cheese was great, the sauce was delicious...  I've been thinking about that place for two solid months since leaving.  I'm desperately thinking of a reason to return to Chicago, just so I can get some more Pequod's.  And I'm definitely buying a T-shirt next time, just so I can advertise for them out in CA.  This may be blasphemous, but if they opened up one in the Bay Area, there's an outside chance I would never eat Zachary's again.I wish I could get a job at Pequods to be the official B*&#% Slapper to all of the people who think it is acceptable to cut around the deliSHOUS caramelized crust; I get it, you think its burnt - but why don't you just fall in love with it like millions of other Americans. You HAVE to try it at least 2 -3 times to truly have a deep appreciation for this place - I will EASILY call it my FAVORITE PIZZA PLACE IN CHICAGO. I order a side salad with ranch (for some reason it is just soooo good!) + diet coke + green pepper/onion deep dish every time since I was 9. I do miss the old days of the 1980's pictures up on the old brick wall :) And, as I am sure you can tell by now, I have had more then one relationship end over an inability to accept the crust = I am still the winner/ more for me.Went here a couple nights ago and can't get that flaky burnt crust out of my dreams! It is the best piece of pizza I have had in the city of chicago. Anyone wishing to argue that clearly hasn't tried it yet.Do you remember the apple pie scene from American Pie?  I would do that to Pequod's pizza.In my opinion this is probably the best pizza in Chicago. The caramelized cheese around the edges is something I haven't found anywhere else. It's also right across the street from the movie theater on Webster so it's a great place to eat before or after a movie. They just renovated the place and it's a lot brighter than before, which is not necessarily a good thing, but overall the new set up woks better.Pequod's does a nice job of making a pie that is half way between a deep and pan pizza.  Its not too cheesy and not too crusty...its just perfect.  Though I will say, its much better at the restaurant.  Its good when delivered, but better pipping hot in the pizza dish.  The restaurant itself could use a makeover, but I suppose that's not the reason to go there.  I really enjoy thin crust, but when I want to go deep, this is where I go.I love Pequod's! Every topping toy ask for is huge! And the crust?!? Forget about it! Slightly burnt for a good charred flavor! The employees there are top notch too. Always a smile and attentive attitude.Hands down my favorite pizza in the city. My hubs and I probably eat here twice a month. I take everyone who visits here and they always love it. Delivery is fast and service in store is always good. In fact, just thinking about it makes me want to go order some...After all the hoopla I've heard about this place over the years, I thought I'd go head-over-heels for their deep dish, but I walked away somewhat underwhelmed. The topping were delicious, but I was a bit put off by the thick bready crust. Every bite was more crunchy bread than what I'd call pizza. Maybe they were a little off last night, but I expected a more moist, rich crust....not such a crumbly, dry bread base.Being from Boston, I've always loved New York style (thin) pizza... But this is BY FAR my favorite pizza EVER. I LOVE THIS STUFF. I tend to get just extra cheese on mine, because I feel that any additional toppings take away from the buttery, YUMMY crust. And the burnt cheese, MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. I can't say enough about this pizza, it's delish! ;o)Pequod's Pizza on Sunday evening, 4/7/13.We tried the mozzarella sticks and a pan (deep dish) pizza with sausage, mushroom, and black olives.  The mozzarella sticks were okay and basic.The pizza was a big disappointment.  On the plus side, the charred bits of crust had good flavor, as did the large pieces of sausage.  On the minus side:  the sauce was very watery and had almost no flavor (similar to Prego or Ragu), the crust did not taste good and quickly became soggy and bread-like.   Maybe their pizza is usually better, but there is no way we'll return to find out.We were asked several times how we were doing and if we wanted drink refills, but the service was mechanical and hurried.  The place was crowded and noisy, with a sports-bar atmosphere.  Not the place to go if you want to have a conversation.I'm not particularly a fan of pan pizza, but I LOVE Pequod's.  I actually like their thin crust pizza better, particularly because of the delicious crust that doesn't overwhelm the ingredients, which, for me, are why you get pizza (not a crust fan).  The cheese is perfectly brown and delicious.  The sauce is fresh and light.  I just noticed now on their menu that it says "The Best Pizza in the Universe."  I'm not sure whether they got that from me, but that is really what I tell everyone who asks me where to go for pizza in Chicago.  I say you have to go to Pequod's because it is the best pizza in the Universe.  Sadly, I only get to enjoy it once or twice a year, now that I have moved to the pizza wasteland that is Houston, TX.Oh my god, this is awesome pan pizza. They load them shitz up with toppings. And that crust is spectacular. Cheesy burnt goodness. The garlic cheese bread was decent, it was on like a french loaf(looked like it was out of a stouffers box). But the pizza is sooooo good, who needs a damn appetizer.If you like beer, pizza, and loud bars, then you'll love Pequod's!  The carmelized crust pizza is not to be missed.   This place is worth the wait...This is my favorite deep dish pizza in Chicago. I love the way the crust on the edges is burnt and crispy. The crust really is great. The ingredients are put on in hearty portions, and the sausage is awesome. It also has a really great environment, with hockey games on all the time. They also have a good beer selection, a key ingredient of a solid deep dish pizza place. Do check it out!pequods is the affordable chicago-style deep dish pizza. this is one of two places i will have pizza at in chicago.the crust is amazing. the sauce? sausage? high quality delicious delicious pizza.With the glut of Chicago style pizza joints, it becomes very difficult for a place to distinguish itself let alone compete.  Most places have some signature styles, such as buttered crust, cornmeal crust, sausage patty, cheesy crust, etc. Pequod's is able to stand out by sticking to simplicity and just straightforward good quality that makes a neighborhood joint so enjoyable.  Their deep dish has a wonderful sauce, probably of which is the best I have ever tasted.  It has a depth and richness that scream homemade and undoubtedly has had a great deal of attention and time behind it.  Their meatballs are fantastically delicious and is something that I would put into my Lucky Charms cereal every morning if I could.  If they had a signature style, I would say that it is the caramelization that their dough undergoes around the uppermost edges from the pan itself.  Some may consider it burnt, but I enjoyed its additional flavor and crunchiness.  Sausage topping was nice and had enough of the spices and seasoning that makes homemade Italian sausage so enjoyable.I noticed that many of the tables were ordering the hand tossed, which looked good as well.  I was not able to try any, but if the table next to us had left any behind, my ghetto instincts would have forced me to take a slice.Consistently good deep pie. Love the burnt crust. Sauce is perfectly sweet. Toppings fresh, abundant. Perfect amount of cheese (read: not too much)Honestly I really wanted to like this place based on all of the great reviews from friends/family/yelp etc. Unfortunately our experience was less than stellar.We were seated upstairs on a busy but not overwhelming Saturday night which was a good atmosphere. Exposed brick, subdued lighting, cool feel. Both my husband and I had already ordered drinks from the bar and perused the menu so our order was very quick.The service was not. It took almost 20 minutes for our appetizer of cheesey garlic bread to come out, I've made cheesy garlic bread on my pizzaz at home quicker.5 minutes later our pizza came out, burnt on the edges might I add. I will say that the parts of the pizza that weren't scorched were good. Not out of this world, but decent. This where our previous server disappeared. We were given the check almost immediately after receiving our food, even though my beer was full and husbands was empty. We have both worked in the restaurant/bar industry for several years. You ALWAYS offer another drink when someone's glass is empty. No apology was ever given for our long wait. In fact we never saw our original server again.All in all, would not recommend or go backAmazing sick deep dish pizza that takes 40 minutes to bake but well worth the wait. Great beer list. Only complaints are the noise level and there was barely any air conditioning so I was sweating the whole time. Service was so so although the host is very accommodating.I ordered a large deep dish and an order of garlic bread for delivery.  The pizza arrived in about 45 minutes but the garlic bread was missing.  The driver said it had been left at the restaurant and that he would go and get it right away - an hour later I call the restaurant to check on the garlic bread, and the phone clerk apologizes profusely and says it's on the way.  Two hours later I called again to check on it, and the same phone clerk apologizes again and then goes to check with a manager.  She comes back and launches into a lengthy explanation about how she and the dispatcher had done their jobs correctly and that the driver had messed up - I hadn't blamed anyone or been rude at all so it was very odd and unprofessional that I was being given a speech about who at the restaurant had screwed up my order.  I finally got the bread 4 hours after I originally placed my order.  The pizza and garlic bread were pretty average although both were a little burned, and the service was seriously lacking.I don't understand what all the fuss is about. This is average pizza. Nothing more, nothing less.I'm down.  Good, cheap pizza that had me tokin' the pepto for the next 6 hours (that's how you know there were enough tomatoes, garlic, and cheese).Thank god there's a place in the land of deep dish where I can get a normal slice of pizza.  I love that you can customize by the slice.   So many options, too!  Great, friendly staff.  Not to mention the logo is a whale with a thong on its head.Thee BEST hands down. Wish you still had the graffiti covered walls tho :) OEMMGEEEEEEEE!!!!!!  I'm so hungry!!! Mmmmm... carmelized cheese..i've only had the thin crust and i plan on giving the deep dish a try.with that said, it wasn't all i expected it to be. it was ok thin crust, a little too doughy for me. and the appearance of the place doesn't look the cleanest but its someplace to eat before a movie since its across from the webster place theater.My friend and I walked in around 7:30 on a Tuesday and Pequod's was really busy...luckily we snagged the last open table. The waitresses and owner were running around like chickens with their heads cut off trying to deliver perfect service. In that quest, the owner yelled multiple times at our waitress and we felt bad, because she was obviously busting her butt trying to get to all her tables...that's my reason for 4 stars instead of 5. We actually didn't have pizza, so I'll have to go back soon.  I had ravioli and it was great. My friend had some sort of sandwich...I don't remember what it was, but he loved it. Even though it was busy, we never felt rushed. I'm excited to go back and try the pizza next time.I dream of this pizza, I salivate just thinking about it and want to run to the airport and jump on a plane.  Not just because my BFF Tami is there but because of Chicago's food.  It does take a while to cook an amazing pizza pie - so chill, watch some sports on the tube and drink a little bit.  My favorite pie has been mushrooms and black olives - the sauce has a strong tomato taste, but the best part is the crunchy crispy divine crust of cheese and crust that wraps your taste buds in a dance of dirty dancing!  I even purchased my own tank top and the cool thing about their logo is it has a whale that looks like a thong or under ware on top of its head - anyone know what that is?So incredibly good - it is definately a treat!  On the heavy side so couldn't order weekly.  People should know that the pizzas take a long time.  I thought it said it on the menu or it used to.  We walked in on a Sunday night around 6:30 - it was packed - but we still managed to get seated within 15 minutes.  We put our order in right away but it was a good 45 minutes - which we expected.  I watched 2 different tables get upset - one took their appetizers to go and cancelled the zaa and the other table just left.  What a mistake because their pan pizza is the best!OMFG! This place is pure digestive pleasure! I went here for lunch with a friend and had the lunch special. I had giardinera and spinach on my pizza and it was amazef***ing balls! If you like/love pizza... and you dont go here... then you probably suck. JK, i love you. I cant wait to come back. Only con was that the service was "meh"Caramelized cheese crust, need I say more! Every time I come to Chicago I make sure to eat at Pequods. My favorite is sausage, bell peppers and onion. The sausage is excellent! Service is sub par, but its a pizza place, what can you expectok, i know i'm late to the game.  i just tried this place like a month or so ago.  my friend ordered it on a movie night and i was hesitant.  i do not  like deep dish so i asked for thin crust.  even though this place is known for deep dish pizza...the thin is out of this world.  i could not stop eating it.  it's really not that thin.  my boyfriend and i went back the other night to have it again.  the service was good and we even had  left overs the next day.  the pizza tasted just as good or not better the next day.  next time i have friends in from out ot town, i'm bringing them here.I truly believe this is the best pizza I've had in Chicago.  The pan pizza is absolutely unreal.  By some miracle I finished the large pan pizza by myself and it was one of the best eating experiences I've ever had.  The mozzarella sticks and chicken tenders are a great add on but the pizza is absolutely the best!My new favorite deep dish in the city, and my husband has started requesting it on a weekly basis.  There's nothing remarkable about the thin crust, but the deep dish is the perfect cheese/sauce/crust combo.  The french fries were also lacking so I had to deduct a star, because fries and pizza are my favorite combination.  But, it's nice to be able to get a table at a decent time without having to wait.  Service is average but we'll come back anyways - the pizza IS that good, and yes, you should try it.I *love* this pizza place :) I don't like deep dish pizza (the roomie raves about it though) but the pan is my favorite (we took turns ordering it). I ate it every week during football season. I'm from Ohio and it reminds me of my favorite pizza back home. The crust is good, the sauce is good (not too much, not too little) and the toppings are great (we usually get pepperoni and/or sausage ~ boring but I love it that way!) We got it to go (I live right up the street on Webster) but the few times I've eaten in, the service was decent.  The appetizers and salad are also good but I didn't care for the pasta dishes.Was fortunate to visit the Morton Grove location.  Definitely a hole in the wall pizzeria!  Loud music, awesome waiter, awesome food!  Had a deep dish pizza - the cheese caramelized to perfection - sweetness of the dough - it made my visit awesome!  Looking for Chicago style pizza? Pequod's gets my vote!My brother came into town and wanted to experience some great pizza places he heard about online. So we picked up a deep dish pie from here on new years. I would compare the pizza we got to a Stouffer's frozen french bread pizza. Lots of crispy bread and not much else. They do caramelize cheese around the crust which is nice but I won't be back. Maybe the thin is better?I have a new favorite deep dish pizza - Pequod's.  The crust adds so much flavor and enhances the pizza.  There isn't too much cheese or grease.  All of the ingredients are in perfect balance.The pan pizza is all I've had and it's pretty great - my fave is spinach, mushrooms and black olives.  Staff is friendly, the place is busy (but I've never had to wait to be seated), and it's not expensive at all.  I recommend going before a movie at Webster Place -- park at the theater, eat dinner, and parking is only $2 once you get the movie validation..... cheaper than the meters (and movie theater crap food), you've hopefully seen a decent flick and you're belly is full of yum-o pizza.  Perfect Date Night.Wow!  Talk about a delicious yummy pizza!  A friend was telling me about this place, we were deciding where to order pizza from.  So he suggested Pequod's.  This was not a disappointment.  The crust is amazing, it is almost like a caramelized crust the way it is baked.  Perfect combination of delicious sauce and cheese.  One of the best pizza's I have had in a long time!  I'm a fan!Without a doubt my favorite pizza in Chicago. (Lou Malnati's butter crust is my #2).I'm a creature of habit because new things frighten me which is something I've thought about talking with a professional about, but I spend most of my money on food so that's a no-go, instead I just always get the deep dish style pizza, which is like artfully cooked in these insane, probably billions-of-years-old seasoned pans that Pequod likely rescued from the Ocean floor, and they're like one of Atlantis's treasures or something and they make pizza with an indescribably crispy, caramelized crust that will make you wonder why you ever ate any other pizza, then you'll likely invent a time machine to go back in time to reclaim those wasted non-pequod's-eating-moments so that you can have the unbridled satisfaction of saying that you only ever ate Pequod's (thusly rendering your initial motivation to create a time machine unnecessary and paradoxical, destroying the very fabric of space and time... WORTH IT!).  I can't speak to the service because I've never dined-in because I'm a recluse when it comes to Pequod's pizza; I prefer to sit in pajamas like some dead-beat, do-nothing and fist-to-mouth 8 or 9 times the recommended serving and it just wouldn't be polite to do that in public and my parents raised me better than that, so I do it in my room with the door closed and I only cry a little.tears of exhilaration and unabated joy.These guys don't do online ordering because they're Luddites and I'm cool with that, I just always pay in cash so I'm not even sure if they take credit cards, but probably they do because that's the American way and this pizza is as American as the name Pequod.Pequod's is for people who like bread. We ordered a large topping pizza. They were VERY generous with the toppings. I really liked that about the pizza. The carmalization ROCKED. Pequod has really made themselves a signature with that. Seriously, it's worth a try. However, I have yet to find a pizza place on the north side (and I'm a northsider) that is better than the southside and that sucks because my husband is a southsider and BRAGS about the pizza quality of the south side. The crust is a deal breaker for me. This crust was more breadlike with no flavor. If I were asked to improve the crust, I would make it a garlic butter crust. It was too much bread for us at the bottom of the pizza and not enough flavor. So, if you're a fan of a "breadlike" crust, then this is the place for you. We are not bread crust fans. By "bread", I mean that the consistency seemed like the pizza ingredients were sitting on top of a piece of bread. I wanted to LOVE this place, but it's just not for us.if i want non-thin crust pizza, i prefer pequods over everything. their pan/deep dish is so good, i often eat too much and have to sit around for a while before i am able to move again. if i die from eating pizza (god willing), i hope there's a slice of this stuff hanging out of my mouth.it's a little expensive unless you have a larger group. their beer prices are atrocious, but i don't want to fill up on drinks so i usually just get water. i've never had to wait for a table because the have two floors of seating, but i have had to wait longer than i'd like to actually get my pizza. the wait staff is nice and, and i like that they serve everyone their first piece when they bring it out.i've shared a lot of good memories with friends and family at pequods, and when someone comes in from out of town, this is often a first choice for dinner. there's not much else to say except that if you love pizza, you'll love pequods.delicious. After my Lou Malnati's experience i am now obsessed with deep dish pizza.  we ended up here at 6pm on sunday night and had no wait.  The only bad part about deep dish is having to wait for your pizza to get cooked (about 30+ minutes).  however, it was worth it. SO GOOD!  my husband had to stop me at piece number 4 which was a good thing b/c now i have leftovers to eat tonight :)One of THE best pizza in the city of Chicago, specifically the pan pizza, as the thin crust is just average.  I also like Art of Pizza, but this pizza takes the crust.  The restaurant is busy sometimes, but it's a cool place.  Delivery is not fast, and the prices are a bit high.  I guess it's so popular that they don't really care about how they treat you.I don't eat pizza often, but when I do it HAS to be Pequod's. The crust is to die for and I love their sausage! For the best deep dish in Chicago you have to come here. My brother lives in Australia and literally comes straight from the airport when he visits. For the hockey fan, the bar area upstairs is fun during the games (especially when the Blackhawks are on). Delivery is a good alternative for watching the game at home.Deliscious! I think this is quite possible my new favorite Chicago pizza. If I ever have to eat pizza elsewhere, I think I will be cheating on it and thinkin of Pequods. :)One of my favorite pizza places in Chicago, Pequod's serves up delicious deep dish pizza with a "halo" of crispy cheese instead of a bready crust. I usually get it delivered, a nice treat since I live in Logan Square. I recently dined in for a friend's 30th birthday. I found out that they have upstairs seating and a bar up there. It was pretty busy since it was a Saturday, but service was attentive and the pizza never disappoints.This is the definitive Chicago deep dish pizza.  Lou Malnati's is a close second, with Uno's and Due's tied for third depending on how many tourists you have to claw through to get a seat.  There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said before.  If you're going to see a movie at the theater across the street, give yourself about two hours to come here and get a delicious dinner beforehand.Best Pizza I have ever had. I have trusted Yelp reviews in every city I have gone to and I have never been let down. This was no exception. Garlic cheese bread and pan pizza. My wife had garlic on her half of the pizza, we forgot mints...big mistake. She had to ride home in the back seat. I had sausage on my side and I could have made a meal just from the toppings!I used to go to Pequod's in high school, where the lunch special couldn't be beat. I'll always have some nostalgia towards it but on a recent visit, I wasn't as blown away as I remember it. I enjoy it but and it'll be up there pizza wise...maybe I'm just letting my past cloud my opinion of this place but nothing to write home about.We watched a movie and went to Pequod's across the street. I have heard so much about it and was excited to finally eat there. I LOVE deep dish and heard that the crust here was awesome. After waiting for 30 minutes, our pizza came out all yummy looking. It was just good, not awesome, just good.Pizza is delicious! I love coming here and they have Peroni on draft, yummm! I try to comein before 8 because it always gets crowded after that. Service is always great, very consistent here! I'm not sure if it's the owner or manager, but he always checks in and asks how everything was. I recommend this place to everyone!I used to get Peqoud's a few times a month and loved it.  It was by far my favorite pizza in all of Chicagoland.  I would order both from this location and the one in the Morton Grove.  Over the last year I have noticed a decline in quality of the pizza and have since stopped ordering pizza from here.  This is actually very sad because I look at it as the end of me ever getting pizza from Peqoud's.So what have I noticed?  The dough underneath is thicker, but taste very bland and dry and there is less cheese and sauce overall.  Every bite just tastes like dry flour.  The toppings have severely decreased as well.  I ordered sausage and there was not much on there.  The quality of the dough and cheese just does not taste the same anymore either.  It was like they just bought the cheapest ingredients they could and charged the same for pizza.  There is no comparison, the pizza they are selling today is very different than what they were selling years ago.  I know because I have been eating it along the way.  It's not worth losing customers to saving a little money in cheap ingredients.  Please go back to your old recipe!I think the thing I like best about Pequod's pizza is their crust. It's crispy and..I don't even know how to describe it....it's just friggin good.Apparently I'm the only person who has never heard of Pequod's (judging from the number of Yelp reviews!) and also didn't know that the pan pizza was THE thing to order when you eat here!  My friend and I ended up here after Webster Wine Bar was too busy and we needed a quick bite and drink before a movie across the street.  Since we were limited on time, we ordered the thin crust.  Not impressive.  The crust was really bland and just didn't add anything to the pizza.  It was lacking on flavor as a whole.  I will give the place points for having TONS of space for seating, with the entire 2nd floor filled with dining spots.  The service was quick too.  They got us in and out in under an hour.  I would definitely go back and give them another shot, except order the pan pizza, since that's what people like them for.Love this place, both for take-out and dine in. Good service, there is a bar and some seating on the main level but a place for families and larger groups upstairs. The deep dish is out of this world for one reason... the crust! burntcheeseyvintagepan goodness!I finally tried Pequod's. I liked it a lot ... order extra pizza sauce. Almost seemed to be more crust than actual pizza. But it's a nice change from other boring thin crusts around town.I was so excited to go here and eat burnt cheese!!!!! After two buses and a long walk I finally found myself drooling over other peoples pan pizza...ordered the pequod salad, actually used real lettuce and it was huge- easily enough for 2 people, maybe 3.  Nothing extrordinary but satisfactory.  The pizza was a killjoy.  What is up with the bisquit crust?  First off- the crust is almost and inch thick and 3/4 of it is semi-crunchy like a british bisquit.  The bf/cook said that they precook the crust so they can melt the cheese on high heat and get the burnedness...but I wasn't into it(the crust)... and another thing- It's called Salt people- use it. Screw our blood pressure. Bland sauce, bland crust.  Not terrible but not worth the two buses and long walk.  I would go back if a friend insisted on it- but I was definitely disappointed.I do not like Chicago pizza.  But I very much like Pequods.  The crust, the burnt cheese, and everything everyone else said.  Go.Very good deep dish pizza. Different than some of the others (e.g., Lou Malnati's) in that its thickness is due largely to its crust rather than being stuffed with massive amounts of cheese. I didn't feel quite as sickly full eating Peqoud's as I did eating at other famous deep dish pizza places. And, despite the thick crust, Peqoud's avoids the taste and texture of pan pizzas. Not sure how they do it. I did miss that extra cheese a little bit, but overall a great option for someone who wants deep dish pizza but does not wish to endure the typical 5 hour food coma that generally follows a Chicago-style pizza experience.Some of my favorite pizza in Chicago- Crispy crust without the mushy insides. I passed by and it seems like they are under renovation and will open up again soon with prices from the 1930's or something like that. It has a lively atmosphere and is a fun place to meet up.Amazing pizza, hands down.  Puts Giordano's, Gino's East, etc. to shame.This is my favorite pizza in Chicago, but I agree with a few of the other reviews that say it can be inconsistent. I do absolutely love the $4.95 personal pan pizza and drink lunch special, it is a great deal and you can even call ahead your order if you are in a hurry!Favorite deep dish in town, hands down.  Plus, the cheesy bread is pretty spectacular.  The crust is perfectly carmelized, and this place is conveniently located across the street from the movie theatre for a low-key dinner before the movies.Don't believe the hype.  Tried the thin crust...where's the sauce?  And so flavorless, forget about complex flavors I couldn't even taste salt.  In their defense I got a mushroom slice and there were a ton of mushrooms, but that's it.  I guess I have to try the deep dish to see what's the big deal, but for now red baron would be better than pequod's thin crust.Not great. Not awful. Accurately priced. Alrighty.Chicago deep dish is awesome, but for me its a rare treat since you know...it's packed with cheese.  When I do eat pizza, I try to go out of my way to go to Pequods.  Its not your typical deep dish, rather a pan style with some decent toppings.  The crust is amazing and its just awesome.  It's between Bacino's and Pequod's for me.Don't go to Peqoud's for anything besides great pizza or you'll probably be disappointed.  The atmosphere is your typical 'pizza joint', nothing special, and the salad and garlic cheese bread were both pretty lackluster BUT their pan pizza is awesome and incredibly filling.  It's a great place to grab a cheap dinner and then head across the street to a movie!Best 'Deep Dish' the city has to offer!  This place recently underwent remolding and it seriously cannot get any better! The appetizers are mouth watering and the pizza is amazing! I recommend this place over any other pizzeria in the city! Pequod's Pizzeria = happy stomachs!First off, I am a huge fan of the pan pizza. Carmelized cheese is a quick route to my heart. The service can be variable, but is mostly attentive and friendly, and perpetrated by a host of cleverly t-shirted hipster kids (as opposed to the moneyed, less-tattooed and more brand-conscious older variety). I am a sucker for anywhere that can simultaneously provide me with a personal size pan pizza & a beer, as well as recall shined-up, halcyon-days memories of my own collegiate pizza-joint-working past -- for less than five bucks. And it's close to my house. A good option before or after a flick at Webster Place.I'm a fan of Pequod's -- this location as well as the one in Morton Grove -- but last time I ate pizza from here I was a teeny bit disappointed.  The carmelized crust can be amazing but sometimes (depending on how it's prepared? it just tastes burnt.  I like their deep dish and thin crust and I've had it a few times where it's been truly amazing. Last time, though, the cheese pizza I had totally tasted like cardboard.  So, I still recommend it but I'm a little less excited about it than I used to be.Easily my favorite pizza in all of Chicago.  The bar is nice, and they have a great lunch special that includes a small pizza and a beer.  How can you beat that?  It is hard to get to by public transit, so I usually drive, and parking is ok in the area.  When I get it delivered, they usually arrive within an hour and the pizza is always still hot.Definately once of my top five pizza joints in Chicago. Very old school, kitsch joint. Pizza takes awhile but that is expected. The prices are very reasonable especially their five dollar lunch special. If you're in Chicago, you should surely try it.I've not ordered deep dish pizza in a very long time.  My experience was that there was more ingredients and cheese- this particular deep dish was more pizza dough- I mean way too much dough.  So it's definitely back to thin crust for me and I've found that the best thin comes from Johns pizzaria on western ave.GREAT pizza! Our friends took us to this local join since we were visiting and my husband really wanted to have some "REAL" chicago deep dish! Great amazing pizza...and according to my husband, "life-changing" :)My favorite pizza in Chicago.This is the only deep dish in Chicago I crave and here's why.1) It's unique, no more throwing away the crust I guarantee you!2) They deliver, and if you go to their establishment wait times (to get a table and to get your pizza are not ridiculous as the other more well known deep dish pizza places.3) Their sauce.  To me that is 2nd in importance to the crust, and Pequods has a zesty, slightly sweet sauce that is much more memorable than the other more well known deep dish pizza places.  4) Their toppings are fresh and of high quality, no generic sausage and fresh veggies etc.5) Not so overpowering that you feel like you can't move around after you have a few slices.  Doesnt weigh a ton like the other places.The third star is for the manager noticing that the crust was so burned we could barely eat the pizza and giving us a discount.    This was definitely a 2 star pizza aside from that.    The sauce has a great taste but the cheese was lacking and the sausage was sparse.  We had fantastic service and the place was fairly packed with patrons but at the end of the day, I am there for the food and it was a little off the mark.Best pizza I have had in Chicago and I have been here for 2 years. Ill keep looking for other places but I don't expect to find somewhere better than this. The crust is a buttery blast of amazingNess.In a city known for pizza, this is one not worthy of the hype. First time writing a review on Yelp, I tend to be more direct with my critique. I came for lunch and experienced horrible service. There were three servers eating their lunch as I waited to place MY ORDER and the waitress failed to put my order in which I was notified 30 min after placing it. I took it upon myself to notify the manager who said the waitress did not tell him probably because she screwed up on another customer's credit card...wtf!!! It seemed like complaints of bad service was routine for him. Also, the cheap lunch is the only thing special about this place...Gino's East is much better!!!!I really wanted to like this pizza, especially after all the glowing reviews. And for the most part I did, but I had one problem with my pizza. I ordered a pepperoni pizza, and the pie was covered with so many pepperoni that I thought I had ordered a "pepperoni lovers". Why complain? Well, I tend to enjoy my pepperoni cooked into the cheese as oppose to the pepperoni thrown on top merely as another topping. And because there was so much pepperoni the pizza had a very salty taste. So why am I giving this 4 stars? Because when I took off the pepperoni this was one heck of a pizza! Next time I order from Pequod's, I'm getting the cheese or sausage pizza. (I should also mention that Pequod's has a great relaxed atmosphere with a good staff.)It was just ok as far as pizza goes. The biggest disappointment was the crust. It didn't have any flavor, very bland. And I tend not to like places that cut their pizza in squares. Cutting it this way creates 4 weird tiny triangle pieces that consist of mostly crust and, if you are lucky, one bite of cheese and toppings.  It also creates that one sloppy piece in the middle that no one wants and you can't pick up cuz it doesn't have a crust to hold on to. I've had better pizza and the atmosphere and waitstaff was only so-so.I was a big fan when I first tried Pequod's!  The deep dish was delicious - buttery, crispy crust and the filling was tasty.  I was there for a work event so the service was on the slower side (probably a little understaffed).  I'm looking forward to trying out their lunch special - 7" personal cheese pizza + 1 topping and choice of fountain soda or tap beer.  Not a bad deal!I have to say I think Pequod's is a little over-rated.  The caramelized crust is excellent, but it's only on the edges of the pizza.  The rest of the crust is too dry and pales in comparison to other great deep dishes in the city.  It's certainly edible and if I lived down the street I'd be happy to pick up a pie and bring it home, but it's hardly a pizza destination restaurant.How have I never reviewed this place? The 700+ reviews speak for themselves and I don't have anything original to add. This pizza is GOOD. The "caremelized" cheese (read: burned) around the edge of the crust gives their deep dish pizza a unique flavor. I like the kind of chaotic bar atmosphere as well. Great place!ive right around the corner from pequods, so im loyal to this place.  but besides the convenience factor its seriously the best deep dish/pan pizza ive ever had.  I recently discovered ordering extra cheese to it makes the pizza even better! Im a creature of habit and almost always order my pizza with pepperoni and extra cheese, sometimes ill venture out and get mushroom, sausage and spinach. Either way, you can't go wrong! The crust is a carmalized  cheese, which happens due to the pan they use (or so i read somewhere) its nice and crispy.  This place gets slammed on game nights, especially during hockey season....actually i think its safe to say its slammed every friday/saturday/sunday night. The pizzas typically take 30min to make so call in ahead and make your drive or order when you get there and enjoy a beer or two at the bar.  They serve thin crust as well, pretty good, but i go here for the pan/deep dish...i tell everyone visiting or new to chicago that this is the plac to go to for good chicago pizza.Oh just to add pretty decent lunch special, i think its $5 for a personal pizza and drink.My friend and I went here for pizza this past Sunday. We ordered a large deep dish with sausage and it was super delicious. The only thing about this place was that the hostess was horrible! She was super rude. We walked in and she asked us how many seats we needed. I told her "two", she grabbed a couple menus asked us to follow her, literally threw them on the table and then walked away. I would have told her off but I didn't want to risk our pizza being spit on. Anyway, watch out for her. She's a tall average looking Caucasian girl with dark blond her. If it wasn't for her I would have given this place 4 stars.This place has some of the best pizza in the city. The real deep dish and not they typical you get from Gino's or Giordano's. The waiters and waitress are really nice but it can be packed on both floors and the service will slow up. The pizza is worth the wait and it is located in a very good place across from the movie theater. Make sure you get there early cause it will get pack but you have to go here at least once the food is great.I know there are 144 reviews for this place and while I just skimmed through them, they are mostly positive. I agree, this is damn good pizza, but I wanted to add my two cents by saying, DO NOT get this pizza delivered. Dine in! Some pizzas were not meant to be delivered and this is one of them. I know that the wait here can be long and it's loud, but its worth it to dine in despite the wait.I've heard people rave about this pizza place so had to check it out for myself.  It's right by the Webster theatre so went there one evening when the movie I wanted to see was sold out.I'd give Pequod's a B.  I really liked it, but that's because I really like pizza in general.  Relatively speaking, it was no better than Giordano's, Lou Malnati's, etc.Crust was too bread-y and flavorless but burned cheese edges and tomato sauce were good.This is the best pizza in Chicago no question.   It's a must that you have the fresh garlic on the pizza especially with onion and green pepper.  It can get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday from 7-11pm.  Draft beer selection is decent.  The quality of the pizza makes it good place to watch a game.  They have 2 stories with TV's on both.  Service is good.  If it's too busy on friday or saturday go next to Flounders, they will let you order pizza from Peqoud's as long as you order drinks.  They even have a server come over from Peqoud's to serve you.  Just a tipyum!!!! so good  best pizza ever!!!!Hands down the BEST pizza in Chicago!!!I live about 2 blocks away, so this is a go-to place for me...especially whenever anyone visits from out of town...we gotta take em to Pequod's!I work at a B&B and constantly recommend this place to guests and mark it on their maps.  They always come back to breakfast the next morning raving about it.  One NY couple was so upset because friends had told them to get Lou Malnati's...to which man referred to as "cheese and dough"...so I told them to throw it in the trash and go to Pequod's the next night.  Needless to say, they were grateful for my recommendation.Overpriced at night 7 in, deep dish cheese pizza. Nice thick piece of bread with tasty tomato sauce and just a hint of cheese.The BEST pizza in Chicago.Dubbed as some of the Best Pizza in Chicago, Pequod's may be considered in a class of its own.  Unfortunately, this class is not deep-dish... but rather pan-style pizza.  Besides the pan-style pizza, they are famous for their "caramelized crust" (see description below).  In a city with one-of-a-kind deep dish pizza, it is hard for other places to get established, but Pequod's did just that.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is very "bar-like." It is definitely a place to check out... but definitely try it out after going to all the deep dish places.  (I did carry-out so I can't comment on the wait or the staffing).Forget Gino's and forget Giordano's.  If you want the best Chicago pizza, go to Pequod's.  It's not in the Loop or the shopping district so it gets no love, but the tourists are just missing out.Went w/ my girlfriend for dinner and I had pizza leftovers for days.  Highly recommended!The best pizza in Chicago! No doubt. Their thrin crust pizza is really good since I'm not a big fan of deep dish. Though I do eye up other people's deep dish pizza's which look incredibly good so I might try it next time.One of my favorites in Chicago. You can't beat the deep dish (love that crust), and the thin is killer too. Great beer selection and good service.WOW!  For 8 years I have heard good things and finally I had the honor of eating their pan pizza.  I went for lunch and had their personal pan pizza and a soda for 5 dollars.  Yes, 5 dollars!  Best deal in the city.  I had sausage and jalapenos on my pizza and it was terrific.  The crust was perfect, the sauce amazing, and my toppings made it all come together.  I highly recommend this place and I may just go back once before I leave.  If not I will for sure come back when I visit Chicago in the future.  .Peqouds!  The dark horse of all the Deep Dish establishments.  I'm going to start taking my out-of-town friends here to show them an off-the-path local place.  A fantastic go-to restaurant, especially when paired up with a Kerasotes movie to follow.  Try deep dish with Pepperoni and Green Olives.  You'll thank me.I'm thinking about buying a Pequods thong for the lady... thoughts?I'm surprised by all of the positive reviews! Maybe next time (if there is going to be a next time) I'll try dining in versus delivery.One of my co-workers raves about this place. So one rainy, lazy night, I gave them a call.I ordered a normal cheese pizza with fresh garlic. I don't know if they thought I said extra onions or what, but geez! The entire pie tasted of onions! Well, onions and cardboard. Honestly, I think I've gotten better crusts from Domino's.I'll stick with Art of Pizza for now, thanks.Ordered a thin crust pizza for delivery and got a pan pizza. Called back to tell them about mistake and the airhead girl taking orders couldn't find order. Pan pizza sucks and will never order from this messed up joint again.Not crazy about their deep dish pizza. Would like a little more sauce and a little less dough. Almost tastes like pizza hut to me. yuck3 stars: A-OK.The perfect deep dish pizza is still our white whale. And Pequod's was the latest foray into that elusive hunt.There is a thin line between caramelization and burnt. Sometimes 30 seconds is all it takes to pass from heavenly and delicious to hellish and inedible. Every deep dish pizza Pequod's has ever made has been subject to this dangerous game of good vs. evil. Sometimes, good wins, and you have a transcendental pizza experience, complete with angels singing and strumming their harps. Other times, you want to go and smash the cook in the face with the cast iron pan they kept in the oven 30 seconds too long and burned the cheese on the crust like a Russian general scorching the earth as they retreated from Napoleon. It seems like people are trying a little too hard to make this the de-facto Chicago local deep dish pizza, but just because a restaurant has 2 locations vs 14, or doesn't have online ordering yet, or doesn't take reservations on weekend nights doesn't make it the yardstick for authentic Chicago deep dish. Hanging a Blackhawks banner, televising Bears games, or having slightly better than the swill most pizza places have on tap doesn't really have anything to do with the pizza, and honestly, I was expecting so much more from the pizza than what Pequod's delivered.It's not a true deep dish, but rather more like a Sicilian with the cheese below the sauce. Instead of a copious amount of cheese and sauce, you get a yeasty dough that is about an inch tall. This flies in the face of true deep dish. The dough is definitely not where you want the majority of your height in a deep dish pizza. You rely on the cheese and toppings/sauce layer to make up the majority of the height in cross-section view.  Overall - Was it good? Yes. It's pizza. It's kind of hard to ruin pizza, unless of course you burn it. Which inevitable will happen if you eat at Pequod's enough times. It's not a matter of "if." It is a matter of "when."Therefore, enjoy it, knowing that each time you go, you play Russian roulette with the burnt crust, and the next time might be the time you are forced to update your review with a 1-star for ruining your crust.Burnt cheese ... ton's of toppings.Very, very, very good pizza.Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon with a group of 9 friends. Got seated right away upstairs. It took for-e-ver for the pizza to arrive and when it did I was definitely not impressed. We were not informed of the length of the wait and tables that ordered after us got their food first. To top it all off, we ordered a cheese pizza that arrived stone cold. The worst part was watching the waitress behind the bar take a huge paddle brush out of her purse and run it through her hair several times and pull her hair into a ponytail many times. And, she kept smoothing her hair back with both hands. Then, she served drinks and food without washing her hands. Eww. Never again.This place has amazing deep dish pizza - the thin crust is also very good.  One of my new favorites!!The whole family went to Pequod's for lunch today (Sat) around 12:45.  We found a place to park without any problems and walked to the restaurant.  It isn't as big as I thought it would be, although there is an upstairs that we didn't see.  It is pretty dark but I thought it had a lot of character with the brick walls, open to the street seating and the lighting. We were seated immediately in a booth at the back.  Our server got to our table about a minute later and took our drink order.  Their draft beer selection isn't too exciting but they had a few Goose Island brews along with Great Lakes so we were a-ok.  We ordered cheesy garlic bread to start.  They brought it out after maybe 10 mins so it wasn't too bad.  You pretty much get 2 decent size pieces.  We just cut each in half and enjoyed.  It was very cheesy and had great crisp, almost burnt ends.  They were the best part!!!  We ordered a large pan sausage and pepperoni.  It did take about 20 mins which wasn't a big deal.  It is fun to people watch and they have tv's scattered throughout.  The pizza was very good.  It is thick with lots of toppings.  The crust was awesome!! We will go back.  It's in a fun, busy neighborhood with lots of other places to visit nearby.My favorite place for pizza in Chicago!  Go with the thick!  They place some cheese between the crust and the pan so that it caramelizes. MMM MMM good.  Also the Italian sausage has a little kick to it.  You have to get the pizza and eat it there...i once ordered it for delivery and the crust was separating from the rest of the pizza....and it wasn't has great as I've had it at the restaurant.  The wait staff is cool.  The best deal is the $5 lunch special where you get a pint of beer and a mini deep dish pizza.It's Friday during the season of Lent. For this Catholic boy and his buddies, this meant that we've been abstaining from the consumption of meat all day. This is a tough day for carnivores jonesing for late-night za so in typical dude fashion, we get down to Pequod's just before midnight. Strategy, get the order in on Friday, enjoy it as soon as Saturday happens. Secondary strategy, make it half giardiniera and half pepperoni. Eat the Lent-friendly side first in case the order shows up early. Btw, the pizza came out just in time and it was AWESOMEly good. I heart you Pequod's. Religious obligation...check, gastronomic obligation...check, check and check.im sitting in my room watching college football hung over like a mother f, and im REALLY  REALLY craving some Pequods pizza right now... thick brown crispy voluptuous..pizza crust...mm!  fresh ass veggies on top of some luscious ass cheese. pizza paradise, perfection in a pan. yeh.... Pequods.... and a dr pepper sounds amazing right now.Super dope pizza in a very cool bar setting. Probably the best deep dish in Chicago but one could easily just chill here and have drinks/watch the game. Love this place--will be back.So of the best pizza I have ever had and you can not beat the price! So worth going here and the people are super nice!I'm late to the party with Pequods, but this place is YUMMY! I'm not sure if you can even compare it to Gino's or Lou's, but it's great in its own way. The crust is great and the pizza is hearty and fresh. Our server was friendly and kept our drinks full, even know the place was packed. We also went with the fried zucchini and it was outstanding. This is a great pre-movie dinner spot.This is a great little sports bar atmosphere and it gets pretty busy as well, we just got here in time before the crowd hit.  The pizza itself doesnt look pretty or anything.  But damn once you take a bite of the crust its awesome!  We ordered a sausage, mushroom and black olive pizza.  The flavors were all there, the sauce was good and the crust was cooked perfectly.Love this caramelized deep dish pizza.  Def call ahead for a table.Woulda been four stars before the remodeling but they lost their atmosphere and now with the exposed brick and flat screen tvs (hey at least they actually show HDTV) they look like eveyrone else.  Yeah the pizza is still good, not perfect, but with the distinctive touches mentioned in other reviews.If you like deep dish pizza but hate how heavy it is, then you should try this place. Their pizza is similar to deep dish but its not nearly as heavy, and the sauce they use is the best I've tasted! Its one of the best pizza places in the city (I'm a NY style pizza fan) but its definitely worth going to.Review for the thin crust. If you consider hand toss pizza thin crust then you should be good. I love crispy cracker thin ... this was not it. I had a bite of the deep dish and it was ok ... not a huge deep dish fan ... just so much bread.Nice pizza, nice people. I wonder if reviews are necessary after 100 have been drafted. It is a nice palce for a bear and a slice!You can get by here for less than $10/person, but not with drinks.awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome pizza. That is all.Although this spot is also a bar they have an upstairs that caters to kids which is great because we like to take our future yelpers everywhere. There is no words to describe to you how delicious this deep dish pizza is. It is a must go to if you want the greatest deep dish pizza ever. When your out late and you want to dine in for some pizza with your family, you must come hereThe best pizza in the city! I take all out-of-town guests to Pequod's to taste the best Chicago deep dish pizza. One of the major downfalls of living in the South Loop is being out of delivery range of Pequod's.Very original pizza.  Burnt cheese and crust is really good and unique.  Have only tried the deep dish.  Used to be a favorite delivery spot when I lived in bucktown.  I  highly recommend.Wow, probably the best pan pizza I've ever had bar none. From crust to the toppings, especially the sausage, it was great. There isn't much else I can add, the bar has a nice beer selection? I loved the pie, they had great sausage and it was hot when we got it. The waitress was solid, the prices acceptable and the restaurant good looking enough.Forget Gino, Giordano, and any other deep dish pizza place... you'd just be wasting your time.Pequod's is the best Chicago-style deep dish in the city, no question about it.Delivery can take 1+ hour which can be frustrating, but the wait is worth it.I am not a pizza lover. Ironically enough, as someone who grew up in Chicago all of her life, I'm not an avid deep dish pizza lover. I don't despise pizza, it's just hardly ever something I crave. However, Pequod's was amazing! I loved how crispy the crust was! My out-of-state friends are wanting to try deep dish and I had no idea where to take them until I had Pequod's! Plus, it doesn't hurt that they're a Blackhawks bar!How can you not love Pequod's? I mean I'm not even a fan of (wait for it......) deep dish because I'm originally from NYC, but I'll always eat me some Pequod's :) the crusty caramelized cheese at the edges COME ON!! I'm drooling so, yeah it Mmm Mmm Good!Pizza was fabulous!  I could've eaten 300 slices, but settled for the individual pie.  Service was incredibly slow, but perhaps this was because we were the only party upstairs and they forgot about us?  It's ok, I won't hold a grudge because the pizza is so damn good.  I also enjoyed watching the Olympics on the several HD flat screens they have hanging throughout the joint.I am way late on this but pequods is the bomb shelter of pizzas in my opinion.  I do agree with most on the wait, but it was well worth it in my opinion, I just wish I didn't throw it all up after a night of drinking...got me sad and hungry for more.I have heard so much about this place, but when I went it seemed quite mediocre. I got pizza and my friend pasta. We tried each others food but agreed that it did nothing to rock our worlds.Went here for the first time on Saturday. I really liked the place -- nice atmosphere, laid back, and not too big. The pizza was delicious and their "caramelized crust" was pretty neat. Prices were good, too.I loved the carmalized crust and amount of tomato sauce. Been here 2 times, both times have enjoyed my dinner. Fun atmosphere. Good to hang out with friends have a few beers and have some really good pizza.Something horrible happened between 1999 and now - Pequod's began to suck. I haven't been there since I was a kid, but a recent delivery experience will ensure that I will not be adding Pequod's back into my dining rotation. Several things led to Pequod's demise: First, delivery took an hour and a half. That's way too long for thin crust. Second, it was $45 for two pizzas - a medium and a large - and I didn't see any specks of gold on my pizza, so I was left wondering why it was so costly. Finally, the pizza itself kinda, sorta, really had no flavor. Our spinach tasted like basil (did they mix up the ingredients?), and the crust tasted like bread from 1982. A lackluster sauce and flavorless mozzarella were the final nails in the "Pequod's sucks" pizza coffin. Oh well, another day, another pizza joint.this place is awesome and there's a reason why this place is always packed for dinner.  it's definitely one of the best deep dish pizzas i've had in chicago.  my friend was starting to complain that the mozzarella sticks were just the frozen type that you can make at home.  but... i had to remind him that a) they're only $3.50, and b) it's really all about the pizza.  you can't go into this place expecting or wanting it to be something that it's not, other than good food with good service, ambiance, etc.  make sure you get fresh basil as an ingredient and it will make everything A-OK.  p.s. on our way out, every single employee (and there are a lot on a friday night) said some variation of "goodbye and thank you for coming in."  awesome.Pequod's is our favorite local deep dish pizza, no doubt.  Their crust is amazing as they somehow incorporate crispy onions into it.  We also love the Pequod's salad.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone, and I take all of my visitors to Pequods as opposed to the more touristy Gino's or Giordano's.I have tried many of the 2 thousand pizza places in this city.  Pequods is my only true favorite pizza place in Chicago to date. Super-tasty toppings, perfectly tang/tart thick and chunky red sauce, and 20+ year old cast iron pizza dishes seasoned to burn just the sides of your deep dish cheese crust: they just simply work! Don't bother with the thin crust...that would be a waste of your time and pizza.  That said, I've eaten here over 30 times...you should too.The few times I've had Pequod's pizza, I've been drunk.  Very drunk.  As anyone who has been drunk before knows, alcohol makes everything taste at least 22% more delicious.  This makes Pequod's pizza 122% delicious.  VERY good stuff.  It looks a little offputting.  I mean, let's call a spade a spade.  It's burnt.  That burnt cheese is actually made of baby kittens and angels and cotton candy though, and will be some of the most beautiful stuff ever to enter your mouth.  Insert joke here.Yeah, it's a good life, you know? Swinging into Pequod's on a Friday afternoon and ordering their $5 lunch special can make anyone feel great about what's coming up and what's already occurred. What is the lunch special, you wonder, merely the incredible deal of a personal Chicago style deep dish and a beer. Seriously, at this price you can "splurge" on any of the fantastic appetizers (the garlic bread and mozzarella stick come highly recommended,) and still feel guilty about not having paid full price for a full stomach and a knowing satisfaction that is worth every penny.With the Webster Place theatre across the street, Pequod's also makes a perfect place for dinner dates and if a full sized Chicago deep dish is too daunting the calorically challenged will be thrilled to know that the thin crust pizza is also incredible. In any case the multitude of toppings and perfectly heated ovens almost make the crust moot, as you'll be getting a great pizza no matter what you go with.Definitely one of the top Chicago deep dish pizza places.  I like it a lot better than places like Giordano's and Gino's.  The crust is what sets it apart- it has that rich, buttery flavor like Lou Malnati's and Pizano's pizza have (also GREAT pizza places).  They call it a "carmelized" crust, but it is basically just slightly burnt.  At least that is what it looks like happened.  Still really, really good though.  Now I'm hungry.Best deep dish in the city!!!This is by far my favorite pizza place in the city!  The pan is delicious!  It is similar to a deep dish, but, IMO even better.  The crust is doughy and crunch all at the same time, and the top of the crust is caramelized in some wonderfully delicious fashion.  Don't even get me started on the toppings!  They put so many toppings on there it puts Giordano's to shame.  We had a pepperoni, mushroom, and green pepper pizza and you couldn't even see the cheese, there were so many toppings!  The pepperoni was also some of the best pepperoni I have had--very flavorful!  I highly recommend this place!If you're reading this it's because you're looking for the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.  You found it.  Now turn off your computer and go enjoy it.if your looking for "chicago deep dish" pizza, look no farther! a lot of places claim to have the famous deep dish, but just add more cheese, or too much sauce.pequods is amazing. they don't skimp on toppings (order the sausage sometime, and it will be like patties on top), but they do know how to use the toppings so they don't overwhelm. they also allow you to call ahead, which is awesome because the place is usually packed. so by the time you find parking, and get a table, you pizza has arrived.if only i could figure out the story behind the whale with the thong on its head... this place would be 5/5 :)Hands down the best pie in the country!  Pequods is the center of the universe for me now.That was extra cheese?  Sorry, but that's a joke.  I'd hate to see what they put on pizzas that come with only a regular portion of cheese.Too much sauce and crust to battle.  Good taste, but not good enough to encourage repeat custom, I'm afraid.Out of all the pizzas I've tried, this is the most memorable. The beer selection is awesome as well.Pequod's is the best of the best of Chicago Deep Dish.  I've lived in Chicago for over 25 years and used to have Lou Malnati's and Georgio's Pizza has my #1's.  Pequods takes the crown with their incrediblely fresh ingrediants.  The vegtables are hand cut and  the perfectly seasoned italian sausage is out of this world!  Lady's and Gentleman we haven't even got to their crust.  They have a Italian seasoned cheese halo crust which provides a similar crispyness as a buttercrust but this adds a bit more flavor.  I've had Pequods for both dining in and takeout and both were great!This place is awesome and cheap. It might even be better than Girodano's....there I said it. It doesn't get much better then this place. Believe me...I know my pizza. Parking isn't too bad if you go on a weeknight. I've never been on the weekend so not sure about the parking then. The staff was pretty nice too. They let us order our pizza and while we waited go to the bar next door and drink. My kind of place.I know so many people who love this place.  Can't explain it.  I think it's like eating a week old unsugary cake with a too sweet pizza sauce and too much cheese on top.  The crust is as thick as your wrist and the cheese gets all burnt around the sides of the pan.  The service blows.   Like a couple of other places I've eaten, they employ good looking entitled hipsters who seem to think they're 'above' the job they're doing but not so above it that they choose to eat from the dumpster in the back.Love the pie! Awesome pizza!Serving pizza at 1215 on Monday. Enough said.Great value for the lunch special!  Pizza was ok, after looking through the reviews and pictures I thought it would be a bt more like an old school style Pizza Hut pizza,  pizza dough was very bready, and I thought there could have been more cheese.Favorite pizza joint in the city!  The carmalized crust has won me over.   If you work or live around the area you can't beat their weekday lunch special: $5.00 for personal size pizza and a beer.Dropped by for a quick pizza before a movie later (Webster Place is right across the street). Didn't have time for a deep dish (will get one eventually), but the pepperoni thin crust was delish! Not greasy, perfect cheese and crust combination. Couldn't ask for more. Wait staff was super prompt too. Kudos.I would disagree with most here. There deep dish is so doughy its unreal and lacks flavor. Maybe the thin is much better.  lou's, unos, ginos, art of pizza are much better choices for true chi pie. Pequods pizza is the pits!!!!I love Pequod's!! I'm not normally a fan of "Chicago style" deep dish, but Pequod's deep dish is in a league of it's own. Their weekday lunch specials are also amazing if you're in the area.I love this place.  Great for a laid-back date or bringing out-of-towners for some authentic deep dish.  Staff is friendly, never have to wait for a table, casual atmosphere, and the pizza...AWESOME.Terrible service- manager is rude.  We waited 2 hours for our pizza and then told the waitress we needed our pizza boxed b/c we were taking our friends to the train.  The waitress told us it will be ready in 5 min- 20 min later there was no pizza.  At this point we could not wait any longer and had to leave to drop our friends off at the train and told the manager we would call him.  Ten minutes later we called and the manager was very rude; 2.5 hours had passed and we were very hungry and said we were on our way back to pick the pizza up.  The manager then said he gave the pizza away and voided our credit card.  He did not offer any concessions for our time,  sympothy or apologize.Pequods has the best regular/deep dish pizza in Chicago.  The crust is amazing!That whale has a thong on its head.  This pizza is delicious... the saucy tangy sauce, gooey and stringy cheese, all necessary for pizza to be that good.Good Yelp recommendations brought me here.  The pie is loaded, crust is crunchy and caramelized.  For one person, the small size is a bit light.  Fairly noisy, local crowd.  Good beer selection.this is based off of lunch........here's the deal.  One pizza and a beer for five bucks.  Seriously will change your expectations for lunch value.  I'm actually going in a few minutes...I'll be ordering two of the specials for me cause why not?  If I could go here daily I would.  I'm pissed that I just shared this intel...As you can read this place has a fantastic pizza. There are enough reviews to hammer that home already. A place really has to go above and beyond to earn the perfect 5 star rating from me. Let me just say it: $4.95 for a personal deep dish pizza AND pint of beer at lunch time!  Ermahgerd! Amazing!terrible pizzas...I ordered 2 for pick up, I was told 1 hr and 15 minutes...I showed up after 1 hour, the pizza were ready and must have been ready for over 30 minutes...the crust was stale as if it was warming way way to long.  The pizza here is basically thick bread with a thin thin layer of cheese smothered in sauce - the sauce is good but the cheese is completely missing.  I've had better domino's pizza and that is the absolute worst pizza there is.This was my first time to Pequod's, and I left disappointed.  The three of us ordered a large Caesar salad to share.  It was small, bland, and only had two cherry tomatoes.  Does the small salad only come with one tomato?  Sure this is pretty minor, but it just seemed weird to me.  Basically, it tasted like a Caesar salad out of a bag at the grocery store.  Oh well, we were there for the pizza anyway...  We ordered a medium pan pizza with basil and giardiniera.  I was pretty excited to try the pizza because i love that almost burnt crust/cheese taste.  However, the crust itself was just ok.  It tasted like normal bread with some crunchy bits around the edges.  I had expected something more with how people rave about it.  And the lack of toppings was sad.  There was a sprinkling of giardiniera and basil.  But, what really annoyed me was the lack of cheese.  It was sprinkled on with a lot of the pizza covered with only sauce.  So, I felt like we got a huge piece of bread with sauce and a tiny bit of cheese and toppings.  Not worth it at all.I regularly order Pequod's for delivery.  The pizza is some of my favorite in Chicago, and it never seems to cost as much as delivery from most other pizza joints.I was working across the street and seen they had a $5 personal pan pizza lunch special.  I don't even like pan pizza but it was awesome.  The crust was nice and crispy with huge pieces of sausage that wasn't overly greasy and loaded with thick chunks of onions. I loved the sauce and it had plenty of cheese.  One of the best pizzas ever.Best Chicago-style pizza! I always recommend Pequod's to anyone visiting the Chicago area. A few people have come in saying "Oh you need to try... (Geno's, Uno, Giordanno's, Lou Malnati's, etc.)" But we bring them to Pequod's and they always change their mind.Don't like it. At all. I can't believe how many people give this place good reviews. Where are you people from???? Not Chicago, that's for sure. This is NOT Chicago deep dish. It's a slushy mess of grossly sweet sauce on burnt crust. I've had it twice (because other people ordered it and I was famished) and disliked it both times. Yuck.Sorry... but the hype was too big for this one, and Pequods didn't deliver the goods.  We drove all the way out from downtown to experience the self-proclaimed "Best Pizza in the Universe".  No easy public transit options to this place, so that lowers the rating for out-of-towners as well.  We had the deep dish and it was decent, but not better than Lou's in my opinion.  Beer selection was pretty good... I enjoyed the Half Acre (local Chicago brew).  Atmosphere is lively though, so if the area, I would return, but not go out of my way for this one.Probably the best deep dish in the city, the caramelized crust makes it that much more amazing.  I feel like it's always packed in there, so you have to be sure to make reservations, especially for a larger group.  They always have good beers on tap and the staff is always friendly.Very good New York style pizza, but not great... Got to do something great to get my fourth and fifth star, BUT, a slightly less doughy crust would be a nice start - hint, hint.OK so I dined in just the other day and the pizza was way better than when I carried out previously.  Would I care to go again?  Not really but I wouldn't think "gross" if I had to go again.  The crust tastes a lot better fresh out of the oven than after it sits for a little while.  The pizza still has very little sauce/cheese which leaves mostly bread to eat.  That is not my kind of pizza which is why it still only gets a 3.I'll admit it. I am a snooty deep dish/pan pizza gal and i love my lou malnati's but pequod's is so good! i've heard a lot about this place and decided to give it a try. I don't want to say i like it better than lou's because its so different. its light on the stomach and big on flavor. we got a small deep dish, we got two slices each and it was more than enough,the best part was that the bill ended up being 12 bucks before tip! I am definitely coming back for some more delicious deep dish!Overall a very good pizza place!  Prices are reasonable, wait staff are very friendly and prompt, and food is good!  The pizza crust wasn't my favorite in Chicago, but it was a HUGE pizza for the cost and the toppings and all else were great!  I'd definitely recommend this place over D'Agostino's or some other family pizzerias.I highly recommend this place for deep dish pizza!  The menu was simple and everything was very fresh.  We ordered the Pequod's salad and a large spinach and fresh garlic deep dish pizza-the perfect size for four people to have two slices each.  It was heaven with the caramelized crust and a nice ratio of cheese/sauce, fresh spinach and sauteed fresh garlic on top.  Heaven!!!  I will be back soon for more!Mmmm Pequod's!  Their carmelized deep dish crust is freaking amazing.  Their pies are huge and packed with equally huge ingredients.  If you're going to get any topping I highly recommend the sausage...big tasty chunks that will have you drooling as soon as the delivery guy knocks at your door.  Definitely at the top of my best Chicago pizza list!If you love caramelize crust this is the place for you. We had a deep dish pizza competition and this place came out second because of their crust and nice helping of topping and not overly stuff with cheese.Amazing deep dish, like no other in Chicago. The sauce is thick but not chunky, with a robust flavor. The sausage is great, crumbled, not a sheet like at Lou's, which can be overwhelming. Great spices too. And the trademark caramelized crust was icing on the cake, it was delicious, I wish that the whole crust had more of it. Absolutely awesome.My friend who was born and raised in Chicago took me here to change my mind about New York pizza being better than Chicago pizza. However, when I tried the deep dish here, I was disappointed, not because it wasn't good, because it was delicious, but because it just doesn't compare to NYC pizza. I explained that if I need to eat pizza with a knife and fork, the concept of pizza was lost. Although I did get very full from just one slice. The service was fast, friendly, and attentive. The beer cold and refreshing. The pizza fantastic. The price is right. I can understand why this place gets such good reviews and I did enjoy it, but it reinforced my preconceived notions.i've been hearing about this place for decades and had never been. though i think i may have had a slice or two of thin crust back in the 90s at a party.went there and had pan/deep dish sausage and green pepper. i thought it was decent but it was not amazing. for example, the crust was a bit overcooked and really had to push hard with my knife to cut it through. it was a big effort i tell you.i like supporting mom and pop joints, but for deep dish, I think Lou Malnati's and Due's does it better. everyone i went with felt that the pizza was a bit to bready, and it needed more cheese and more sauce.also, my wife and her friend wanted me to say: the house red wines they ordered were a surprisingly high $8.95. i mean shit, this ain't no wine bar! how about something close to $6?Pequod's Pizza is the best pizza.  I have never gone and left disappointed. There is usually a pretty decent wait but it is well worth it.  Go to the bar and grab a beer if you have to.  we never wait more than 20 minutes.  We love the sausage and hot pepper pizza, the crust steals my heart everytime!  The deep dish is not your typical standard, its so much more!My nephew who is in Chicago for college told us about this restaurant. After eating here, I just could not go anywhere else for deep dish. I saw and saw others but my mouth longed and drooled for this place. Its a shame our hotel wasn't anywhere close to this place. But fortunate it was far enough otherwise I'd be a fat pig in the hospital before my trip ended. Awe man, I want some now! Why can't Cali have something like this ?!?!Love, Love, Love Pequods. The caramelized crust is what dreams are made of.I really have nothing to add.  This is the best pizza in Chicago.awesome deep dish! order it extra done so the fabulous crust tastes even better. the caesar salad just fair.My favorite pizza in Chicago. Need I say more.Very good, but maybe not crave-able. We shared the half (sausage, spinach, onions) and half (sausage, olives, mushrooms, onions). Seemed to be top-notch ingredients and good flavor overall (LOVED the spice on the sausage). I liked the crispy/chewy crust (is there cheese in it?) but husband was not a fan. Would consider if in the area, but maybe not as a destination.Thank u TL for alerting me to their insane lunch special...which is a personal pan (well enuf for 1 person) with drink at 4.95$.  Holy Moses, sweet Jesus, best deal out there.  And their pan pizza is still as amaze as ever.i was recently introduced to pequod's last year by a co-worker and i boy am i thankful. i always get the pan pizza which comes with a carmelized crust. HEAVEN! it's a little more puffy/doughy than you might expect, but they don't get cheap on the toppings. with pan pizza as good as this, who needs deep dish?Pequod's wins first place in mediocrity! Maybe it's because I'm not a Chicagoan or maybe it's because I wasn't hungry enough or maybe it's because I didn't order the right toppings, but this place didn't do much for me. Food was fine. Service was fine. Beer list was fine (though our waitress didn't seem to know the first thing about beers and was at a loss to explain any of the interesting-sounding local brews). Everything was just fine and nothing more.Hands down my favorite deep dish pizza in all of Chicago. You will never know how good burnt cheese is until you eat here. Service is sometimes slow and I've always joked that some of the waitstaff acts like it's an honor that they are even bothering to serve you but you know what? I really don't care. They get the pizza to your table, that's all I need. The pizza makes up for any bad service...heck, this place could be on fire and I'd still come in and order one more pizza.I loved Pequod's!  I like Deep Dish but every once in a while I don't want it!  Now I have found the better half! The thin crust is not TOO thin. Which I love. Filled with pepperoni & pepperocini's YUM! I will definitely be back and will be ordering in!Went to Pequod's with a group of 15 people. On gay pride day. They seated us immediately and gave us delicious pizzas in a timely fashion. If that isn't magic I don't know what is. And when I say pizzas, I mean six pizzas. Plus beverages. The staff was very accommodating even though our group was loud and obviously unexpected. Oh and did I mention it was cheap. Like $8/person cheap. For large groups, this place is a must-eat.Transcendental caramelized cheese crust! I usually ordered a pie with just green bell peppers. The dough itself is a little bland, but the sauce, cheese, and high quality toppings make up for it. And did I mention that crust?! Mmm. One of my favorite Chicago memories is of eating Pequod's and watching Flatliners.Yum!  Get the pan pizza.Okay, it's great that this place serves pizza and beer late night and service is stellar.  But I can get over the fact that the pizza was below average in taste.  I think we ordered a pan pizza, which had 2 inches of dough, topped with sauce, then the meat.  It looked great, but tasted like pizza your mom made when you were a kid.Everytime I come to Chicago i have to eat Pequods. This is great deep dish pizza. Maybe im lucky cuz i never had to wait for a table. I usually get the sausage and onion pie. Only 2 slices and im full as hell. Pequods how i wish you would come open up in California.I was pretty excited about getting pizza from here and we ordered the thin crust, which was probably the mistake given everyone mentioned the pan-style but I don't really care for a lot of crust in my pizza. Unfortunately, the trust was soggy and and toppings didn't blow me away. Delivery was quick. The pizza was still warm but the garlic bread was cold and I had to re-heat it. I've simply had better pizza.Ordered delivery and it was BEYOND burnt. I will try this place ONE more time. I am told I have to eat there and get the deep dish before making a final judgement. So hopefully THAT will finally be the 5 star experience everyone keeps promising me.What if you increased the amount of crust boundary by putting a hole in the center, baking in special ring pans? Or maybe you get really fancy and manufacture a spiral aluminum thing, maybe an inch across to fit the pepperoni, and lay the pizza down in that so that literally EVERY bite has that ridiculous caramelized crunch fiesta on TWO edges? Well, physics lesson: too massive a quantity of that kind of awesome all concentrated like that would collapse to form a black hole of tastiness from which ultimately even the world could not escape. Wait, that was supposed to be a downside. Nevermind. Come here and be prepared to love.Maybe I need to try this in the restaurant, because the three times I've had delivery (very close!), it's been just mediocre. I'd put it above Pizano's--which is just outright bad--and Lou Malnati's, which is magical. That said, Malnati's delivery is consistently awesome. Our Pequod's pizzas have always arrived a bit soupy, and the flavor isn't exactly dropping my pants. Meh. I wouldn't bring a visitor here--this is no way to convince them of the magic of Chicago deep dish.I write this review with mixed feelings....Pequod's deep dish pizza is AWESOME!  Never disappoints and is absolutely the best in the city.  For some reason, Pequod's is off the radar screen of great pizza in Chicago and that is where the mixed feelings come in... the more publicity they get, the busier they'll get, making the waits to get in  this great neighborhood eatery even longer.I have live in the Chicago suburbs for 12 years. I dont get downtown as often as I like, but when I do its usually for great food! I found this place on Yelp searching for organic food in Chicago. The 40 year old seasoned pans and caramelized crust was all I needed to read to know this is where I wanted to go to get pizza! We had to wait about 40 minutes tio get a table at about 7:30pm on a Friday. The service was great! The waitress was very friendly and attentive. The aroma of the crust was heavy through out the entire restaurant and was making my mouth water! We ordered sausage, pepperoni and onion on a medium pan pizza. OMG!!! This is by far the best pizza I have had since I moved out here! I will be back as often as possible! When we left at about 9pm, there was still a 40 minute line outside! Seems to be a well kept secret! YUMM!I've been coming to Pequods for over 10 years! This place has changed it's decor a lot since then. My bf swears this is his favorite pizza place. I'm not a big fan of pepperoni but theirs tastes almost like bacon because it's so crisp! Their caramelized crust is one of a kind and I haven't seen this at any other pizzeria! They have carry out and delivery which makes eating this pizza good anywhere!This place gets 5 stars for a variety of reasons. Number one- although the place was an absolute madhouse on Friday night, the guy working on seating people remained calm and pleasant. Number two, they only had (maybe only have) one register, but the bartender kept my beers flowing and change coming...This place was very similar to a sauna on Friday night. It was uncomfortably hot, but you new the result would be positive. We waited, probably the longest I have ever waited for a table but I really didn't care. It was shocking that beer were $6 though...annoying too.The pizza was awesome. There was not too much breading, there was not too much sauce and there was a good amount of toppings along with it. Whatever they do with the crust is genius. This definitely sets this place apart from other deep dish places. I will definitely be back, preferably on a slower night; they carry-out as well. The menu is limited, but I don't see why anyone else would go here but for pizza. Be prepared to WAIT, even with a reservation. If you are looking for a quiet, comfortable night out, this is not the place. I can't imagine how hot it gets in this place in the summer...Enjoyed some good cheer and grub here! We came here right after our movie at Webster Place. Good Italian Beef and I hear the pizza is yummy too. Gotta check back here and have some more taste tests and some beer. Good service and nice atmosphere for a pizzeria!! mmmThin crust pizza is to die for!  The cheese crust version is basically just like a Pizza Hut pan pizza, still good, but nothing fantastic.Appetizers are classic bar food, not outstanding, seemed like they came from the freezer (which is fine, pretty sure most bars apps do as well).Stick to the thin crust pizza.  The place smells phenomenal and the atmosphere is very laid back and great for a pizza and beer night.Seriously the best pizza I've found in Chicago yet. Both thin and deep dish are delicious, though I'm particularly partial to their thin crust, and I'm usually a deep dish/thick crust kind of girl. S'rsly.  I don't even need to say anything else. Good eats. Go eat.If you love deep dish and loads of toppings this is your place!  I usually go for the lunch special.  How can you caomplain abot $5 for a pizza and a beer ( or soda if your scared).  Try it for lunch then once you are hooked go there before a movie and go to sleep in the seats!this place kinda rules.  i've been here once for dine-in (thanks to e. for introducing me!) and once i ordered a pizza for carryout.  both times the deep dish pizza was excellent.  i'm not a huge fan of deep dish...usually 3 or 4 is good enough for a year for me, but pequod's has changed my mind.  i really like how it's not 90% cheese like most other deep dish, and this will sound silly but, the pepperoni is crispy.  YES.  limp pepperoni just doesn't do it for me.aside from that, the atmosphere was fun and relaxing, the service was great and the price was reasonable too.  just like when i get ready to eat at pequod's, i'm saving room (to give them more stars!) just in case a closer one opens up or is a bit more accessible.I must be in a really happy mood as I just handed out another 5 star rating to another pizza joint in the city. But gosh freakin dammit this city has THE BEST pizza in the world. Whether you like thin, deep dish, pan, or stuffed, Chicago has a pizza place that is the best of each variety.To the review of Pequod's. Somehow, as a lifelong Chicago area resident, I had never heard of this place until my transplanted St. Louis friends recommended it. Now I know why I call them friends - they point me to such heavenly places as Pequod's.A group of 3 of us ordered a large sausage and pepperoni Chicago style deep dish. It fed us comfortably and with two slices to spare. God bless the creators of this pie. The caramelized butter crust is as good as advertised in other Yelp reviews. The amount of meat stuffed in this pizza is really unbelievable. The service was outstanding - the waitress regularly refilled my pop when it got low. Those that live in the city understand what a rarity this is since most servers only want to bring you more drinks if it is a beer or some other "non free refill" beverage. We went on a Tuesday night and there was no wait. No parking lot which can be a bit of a pain but well worth it for an excellent Chicago style pizza place.***Update: Mad props to them for keeping the kitchen open until 2am on Saturdays. Walked in there at 1:35am and they "happily" made us a pizza***One of the best places to get a thick or deep dish pizza in the city.  The caramelized crust is worth trying this place, it's amazing.  Can have a long wait on weekend nights since it's a fun spot to watch a game, unless you get there early I'd suggest takeout or delivery.  I've had a few bad experiences with wait times on takeout, them telling you 35-40 minutes and it taking 1 hour 15 minutes before you leave there.  Otherwise it'd be a 5 star review, the food is great.My husband is more of a fan than me. I still go there cuz he loves it. He loves the lunch menu and I thought it was great that you can order it ahead of time. I do like their pizza I just can only eat one slice.. I'm more of a thin crust pizza and I know they have it but usually we go there for the deep dish. The service is good and they have dr. pepper!!I've visited Chicago from NC 4 times now since I have 3 good friends in the city.  They've taken me to numerous popular Chicago pizzerias and Pequod's is by far my favorite of all.  I'm a sauce lover, and I find that many of the other pizzas are lacking in that department, but Pequod's knows how to deliver it!  It's just a great pizza!Wow this probably one my biggest disappointments as far as eating. I walked 3 miles here to draw up my appetite because usually my eyes are bigger than my stomach. One slice and I tapped out. I couldn't believe it. The pie itself was amazing. I had sausage and spinach. This was really my first time eating deep dish. I definitely have to visit again when I come back to Chicago.So after walking 6 miles to Vanille and seeing that it was closed, I decided that I better leave with something in my stomach. What better than pequods? This is definitely one of my favorite deep dish pizza places, but chicagoans told me I can't call it chicago deep dish. Whatever. It's good and the caramelized cheese crust is delicious. The ingredients were fresh and the proportions of everything was perfect.Hands down, my favorite deep dish in Chicago, or anywhere. The place itself is huge and often you will still find yourself waiting to seat. Who cares, get a beer and realize you're about to eat the best pizza ever. Delivery is fast. Price is not ideal, but I get what I pay for..... I actually have some in the fridge for later as we speakThis was probably one of my favorite deep dish spots in chicago that i visited. Their sauce is amazing and their crust and toppings were above average. this pie does sorely need more cheese and slightly crispier crust. my perfect piece of deep dish pizza would be to combine lou malnati's crust and cheese to go with pequods toppings and sauce.The best stuffed pizza in the city, which makes it the best stuffed pizza in the world! Bar none. The sauce is rich yet light but the crust--unreal. It's so good you will easily look past the sports bar TV madness and the din that ensues after about 6:30pm. Small price to pay for pizza bliss.To bite into a Pequod's pizza crust is to contemplate that if Heaven were to have a taste would this be it. Hands down best pizza, deep dish or otherwise, I've ever had.I am clearly in the minority, but I don't think Pequods is that good. To pick up 2 pizzas we left one hour and still had to wait 20 min once we got there. Was it worth it, no. The biggest complaint was too much bread to the crust. The deep dish has a good inch of bread under it, and one slice is incredibly filling because of it. The price is high, too!Yummy!  Oh my goodness I wish we could have it a pie delivered out to California so we could have it again.   By far the best deep dish in Chicago, and trust me while we where here we were on the deep dish pizza diet.  Very Very poor service from our waitress but couldn't let that effect my taste buds. Amazing, phenomenal pizza!Pizza is great...I just don't care for the actual restaurant. Its alright. The service is good.This place has great thin and deep pan pizza.  Also a great spot to watch sporting events.  i also like them cause they will deliver to me.I wish there were more stars. I have been eating pizza my whole life and I thought I had pretty much had it all. Pequod's blew my mind. The sausage! The carmelized onions! The size! I surrender to your gooey goodness! Sadly I no longer live in Chicago. But rarely does a day pass when I don't think about Pequod's. I shall return, and when I do. It's on. Big fan.I'd have to say Pequod's is my favorite pizza with their carmelized cheese.  Both their thin and deep dish pizzas are HIGHLY enjoyable.I can honestly say this is the only good pizza I have had since moving to the midwest (6 yrs.) As everyone has pointed out the crust is the dealbreaker.YUM! It hardly needs repeating but the pizza is awesome.  The lunch special is extremely affordable, but so much food!a buddy of mine said that this is his favorite deep dish... although i think lou's has a slight edge... i didn't have much to disagree with him. like many others... the crust is what makes this pizza. it's carmelized.. not burnt. the combination of the crispy crust and the loads of toppings = good shiz.Food get's a 4 star, their delivery time however, makes them lose a star. I understand there are busy nights and times, but on a thursday night? An hour and a half? That gets to be a bit ridiculous! With that said, I do have to add the pizza is yummy, the buttery crust adds a great flavor, and they are pretty generous with the toppings. The restaurant, when we have eaten in, is pretty good and the service is OK.This is the best chicago pizza on the North Side. The thin crust is the best and the pan is good as well. The people in here are always so nice and the service is great. I always call ahead and preorder my pizza so it is ready when I get there. Plus the fried zucchini is great as well.Great pizza! Been here twice. Had the thin crust the first time and the deep dish the second time. I was very happy both times! The restaurant is very narrow and there are not a ton of tables. Would not recommend this place for a romantic date but a great place to go for good pizza and a a couple of beers. The service was friendly and fast.i use to say that lou malnatti's was the only acceptable deep dish in chicago...but pequod's has trumped that.i'm not a deep dish fan. i think giordano's and gino's east is all bread and a choking hazard waiting to happen. but pequod's and lou's changed my mind on that front...helping me realize that there are some redeemable qualities for deep dish. pequod's is crispy as hell...almost burnt, but not. buttery and not too doughy. it's a lil dive, just the kind of chi spots i love and right across the street from the webster movie theater if you wanna do dinner and movie.The deepdish pizza is quite good, and the place has a very fun atmosphere.  Perfect place for a group of friends to have beers and pizza and catch up on old times.  The pepperoni and the caramelized crust edges are VERY good.  However, the crust is too doughy, and they skimp on the sauce every time.   Upstairs is a bit quieter.  This location is totally different from the boring, grandmas-house Morton Grove location.  Prices on pizza are good.Wow, what a difference a few years makes.  This pizza, frankly, stinks.  If there was cheese on this pizza, I couldn't find it.  Here's the ratio: 96% bread, 3% sauce, and 1% toppings.  Excluding cheese.  Just...wow.  So not good.  I like the caramelized crust.  I'll give Pequod's that crust, but nothing else.  I just can't get behind a deep dish pizza that has no cheese on it.  (And I hasten to add that we ordered a straight-up cheese pizza, and one that was half cheese, half mushroom.  More like half mushroom, half nothing but sauce.)  People love this stuff, and I mean....why?  Maybe they don't like cheese anymore.Even when they are busy, I dont care. Its worth it.  One of the best italian beefs I have ever had. The servers take some warming up (dealing with enough drunks with toughen anyone) but once they do they are great. All of the bartenders are super nice, I dont use servers there so I cant comment on that.I was there last night with a rather large group of people 20-25 and they were very accommodating. We had called in advance and they reserved this whole section for us. Their pan pizza was delicious and their staff was good.  Ps thier crust really is the deal! Pizza is a bit doughy but its still freaking goodI can't tell if Pequod's wants to be a pizza place with a bar or a bar that serves good pizza. Because of this I think it doesn't amaze at either. The bar is nothing special. Much like any in Chicago with an ok beer selection. The pizza is very good, I cannot deny that. I've gone a couple of times now and this most recent time was the best. The staff has always been nice, but the decor is just ok.Pequod's has a very strange logo and a pretty good deep dish pizza.  They definitely go lighter on the toppings and heavier on the sauce, but the carmelized crust offsets that to make a darn good pizza.  It's also fairly easy to get a table here, most people seem to leave quickly after seeing a crowded front room not realizing there's far more space upstairs.  Also, they deliver during lunch on weekdays, unlike the Lou Malnati's on Wrightwood.  Definitely a bit expensive for what you're getting in my opinion, but the carmelized crust is unique enough that it's good to go Pequod's every once and a while.After getting a tip off on yelp about this place I decided to try it.  We ordered the deep dish pizza and I guess you need to order taste on the side.  The pizza tasted like bread with sauce (as if the sauce was water).  There are other pizza spots that are better and closer to the city-city.I'm not a fan of deep dish, however, once in a great while I'll have a craving, must be my Chicago blood pumping through my veins. When I do have this rare craving, I usually can't find any better than Pequod's in Chicago. Definitely in-house, delivery always makes pizza, especially deep dish, soggy...Deep dish?  Maybe.  Whatever it is, it's the best pizza in Chicago.  The caramelized crust is like taking something that is already amazing and making it even better.  Hmm.  Perhaps like a dollup of butter on a filet.  Or something even more sinful.  Yeah, it's that good.Yummy!  I love deep dish pizza but surprisingly, I don't like a lot of the pizzas at many "Chicago Style" pizza places.  But, my mouth waters when thinking about Pequod's pizza!  I grew up eating this pizza and continue to love it.The dough is soft, the sauce has a sweet taste, and has a good amount of cheese, and the crust is AMAZING!  My favorite topping on this pizza is the Canadian bacon, so I recommend trying it if you're a meat lover like me.  The medium is more than enough for 2 and a large is big enough for 4...in both cases you will probably have left overs for the next day. Score!Another reason I love this place...they will deliver from Lincoln Park to downtown! Or at least to Streeterville.  Be prepared to wait though, for delivery out there, it takes about an hour and 40 minutes.  When eating in the restaurant, pizza takes about an hour to cook.  Prices are very fair as well.Check this place out!Good, but by no means my favorite Chicago deep dish. I rather strongly prefer Lou Malnati's. Sorry Pequod's!Pretty good pizza but overrated in my opinion.  I was really looking forward to it and don't get me wrong, it pretty tasty, but not as good as I was hoping.Come here for the pizza, that's where Pequods shines... Very crispy crust with melt-y cheese, and tons of toppings. Personally, i think the pizza is just a touch heavy on the sauce, but, not enough to deter me from coming here. There's usually always a wait, but you can grab a beer from the bar and watch whatever game is on until your name is called. Appetizers are your standard fried options, nothing spectacular. Like I said though, the pizza, makes it all worthwhile. During lunch time throughout the week, if you can, stop by. It's pretty quiet in there, and they offer fantastic lunch specials.Came straight here from the airport.  Sausage and pepperoni deep dish pie.  Perfect, caramelized crust, owing, no doubt, to the generations old cat iron pans.  Best tomato sauce I have ever had on a pizza - not to sweet, not too tart, not to thick - just right.  Tasted like tomatoes.  Skip the chains and come here.I definitely want to go back! I went in for dinner quickly before a movie across the street. We were limited in what we could order because we only had 30 minutes, and their pan pizzas take 30 minutes to bak. We got a thin crust pepperoni pizza that I thought was delicious! I prefer thin crust personally, but if we weren't so rushed I probably would have played around with the toppings a bit more. When we arrived it wasn't overly packed, but by about 6:30 there was a bit of a wait for a table. It seems like a really fun atmosphere. It's small and the furniture is old and dated like it hasn't been changed for 20 years. It's a refreshing break from all the super modern bars that care more about the design of a glass or plate than what's going in or on it.This is a Chicago Deep Dish lovers heaven. This is my favorite place to take friends from out of town because it's so unique and delicious! Nothing can beat Pequod's charred crust with the overflowing layer of toasted cheese.  If you're one to save your carbs for only worthwhile foods, this is the place to eat your heart out!a solid 3.5 starsin my search for the best deep dish pizza in Chicago, it led me to Pequod's. sorry to say, but it did not live up to my expectations. don't get me wrong, i enjoyed my pepperoni/mushroom pan pizza, but it didn't really blow me away. the burnt cheese on the sides is unique and adds a texture contrast to the doughyness of the pie. maybe i'm just a thin pizza kind of guy.I must declare that im not a big fan of chicago deep dish style pizzas but felt like i had to try a more authentic version before being sure. I got a pepperoni pizza and it wasn't too bad. It took a while to get done and was oozing with cheese when it did. The crust was nice and spongy as i suppose its meant to be. Once again declaring the fact that im not the biggest fan of this style of pizza i have to say that i wasn't that blown away. My friend who is a less fussy seemed to really like it though so maybe you'd like it if you love deep dish.Coworker took me here for their lunch special ($5 for an individual pizza and drink) and it was KILLER. Have been back twice sinceFirstly, the lunch special is a wicked deal, but more importantly, the food was amazing. I'm not really one for deep dish - I find it a bit really heavy- BUT their pan pizza crust was this wonderful caramelized stuff, and everything was amazing. So I just gobbled it all up in no time flat.I know it's totally gross, but I ordered the individual pizza with anchovies on it and it wasn't just a salty mess like it is in many other places. It was delicious. My friend had a veg pizza that was also very yum. I liked their individual sized pizzas better than the bigger ones - More crust for me!!Stopped by this pizza joint on our way to the movies. I'd love to give it 5 stars because the food is so great but I'm giving 4 stars because uncomfortable temp. Best deep dish pizza I've had...but man, the other day we were in there and I was dying of a heat stroke! The weather outside was humid and about 90 degrees, inside - was almost the same. The AC of this establishment just couldn't keep up . We honestly were fanning ourselves with the menus because it was unbearable to sit and just sweat in the booth. Outside of the temperature in the restaurant, the food is fresh, hot and delicious. They are so generous with their portions of each ingredient, love that as my bf and I never can agree on the same ingredients on one pizza. I loved how friendly and accomodating the staff was. As we were about to leave to catch our movie, it started pouring rain, we were waiting inside for about 10 minutes, contemplating to run in the crazy rain to the theatre or to miss the previews...as one of the employees came up to us and gave us an umbrella that has been sitting in their lost and found for months. MADE MY DAY! Thank you so much!!!Love pizza in general but especially this one. Great caramelized crust completes an equally delicious pie. But be ready, very heavy and filling due to the think crust.This is some of the best pizza I have encountered in Chicago ( and I live 1 block from most all of them). I ordered normal crust (which was amazing) light and a perfect blend of crisp yet soft. The pie looked as if it was given love during the process (kind of a french twist edge).  They are busy but it is worth the wait. I will have to give their deep dish a try next time.I'm usually pretty wordy but like the first reviewer said: plain. simple. amazing.  Forget about UNO and all those overprcied and overcrowded tourist traps. Pequods is the BEST in town.  Bar/rest. is laid back, dive-like, and doesn't take itself seriously at all.  Don't read Maxim but if they're smart enough to love it they must be on to something....Simply the BEST Chicago Pizza---It does not get any better than this. UPDATE: The Staff is very rude and if your just are looking at the food, it gets all 5 stars. My advice: DeliveryLoving the thin crust, but very upset that the thick is now mostly bread with very little sauce and cheese! What the hell happened? the carmelized crust is like crack cocaine - you will do anything (snow, sleet, or rain) to get there to get your fix! service is great - love hearing Foreigner and Journey blasting :)O.K.  This is one of those Chicago spots you must try.  It is not about the service or the atmosphere.  The pizza is the best in the city.  Hands down.  Four of us went to lunch for 33 bucks plus tip.  We each had a  personal deep dish and a drink.  It was so reasonable I thought it could have been a mistake.   We called ahead of time to place our order.  Our pizza was on the table five minutes after we sat.  If you think the pizza is burned you really do not know food and do not get the concept.  If you bothered to eat the caramelized  crust you would taste the light sweetness and great texture it brings.  Keep up the great work.While the Morton Grove location has more character (more mom and pop feel), the pizza is still the same.  Great place and good atmosphere. (they renovated a few years ago so it is now filled with plasma tvs).  The pizza is excellent.  We always get the deep dish sausage, green pepper, and onion and are never disappointed.  Make sure you try the crust.  It may look burnt, but it is really just carmelized cheese.  It is in a good location so you could catch a movie at Webster just before or after since the theatre is right across the street.  I highly recommend!I don't know what they do but the crust is magic.  Magic I tell you.EXCELLENT deep dish pizza...yum!This stuff is flame! Don't sleep on this joint, you tourist will regret it! Mouth watering pizza and a really smooth atmosphere will make wish you were born in such a city. This place is where real headz come and chill and enjoy a slice or two. Don't come to Chicago and not come to this place! Located in the center of yuppie ville, no need to worry about the neighborhood, just watch out for there delivery guys!Good deep dish pizza and service.  The plain pie had a good sauce and flavor toppings like sausage are definitely the way to go.I'm going to go out on a limb here and say this is 10 times better than Gino's, 5 times better that Giordano's and just a tid bit better than Lou Malnati's.  If you want good deep dish come here, it is awesome and the crust is just a little burnt to perfectness.  I will be coming here from now on for my pizza needs, which mean a lot.  It also has a better atmosphere than the other pizza joints (Lou's in Lincoln Park feels like a basement), which makes it only even better.  GREAT PIZZA!ok, so here is my thing about Pequods...I'm a New York Pizza kind of girl. Give me a slice loaded with veggies and meat that I have to fold in half and shove in my mouth for it to fit, all for like under 3 bucks, and I'm in Pizza Heaven. I've lived in Chicago for 4 and a half years and have only had deep dish twice because frankly, to me, there is something wrong with having to eat pizza with a fork and knife. But I will tell you that twice that deep dish has been Pequods. (Side note: why the HELL do you midwesterners cut your thin crust pizza in SQUARES.?!? That is the worst thing I have ever seen. That has no bearing on this review, I just felt the need to mention it. Now back to Pequods). I like their pizza, but it's not life altering as so many of these other reviews state. If someone comes from out of town and wants deep dish, I'll probably take them here over some other deep dish place, but It's not my be-all, end-all pizza place like Ray's Pizza in NYC is.There is deep dish pizza, and well there is Pequods.  I love this pizza.  I usually get a sausage and mushroom deep dish.  The trademark of a Pequods pizza is the carmelized crust.  I absolutely love it and this place is my first and foremost recommendation to all visitors to Chicago.  Now there is plenty of pizza to choose from but the combination of sauce, great tasting sausage, and carmelized crust makes this one of the many reasons I miss Chicago.Although the name is unusual, they have great pan pizza and a nice comfortable atmosphere. It is what you would expect when you think of a pizzeria. Allow 30 minutes for the pizza and then go see a movie across the street.Think thick crust with a layer of cheese, toppings, and sauce on top.  This is not like a Lou's or Uno's, but something a little different.  Great crust.  I read about the caramelized crust edges and I immediately became a fan.  We went early on a Saturday and were ushered up stairs.  The upstairs had all of the young families and was a bit loud with the kids running around.  I wish this place delivered to me.Not much to say except it's the best deep dish pizza around. You have to order the pepperoni, the cheese is carmelized on top and the combo is fantastic. Don't bother with the thin crust, it's average at best.I am not a Chicago native, and tend to waiver between thin and thick crust pizza depending on the day. One thing I can say about about Pequod's that makes it stand out from the crowd--their thick crust pizza has a ring of burnt cheese which is absolutely delicious, and unlike any other pizza. Also, their sign has a fish with a thong on his head. 4 stars for that alone.For an appetizer..try the fried zucchini!This was a very disappointing experience, because heard good things about Pequod's. Unfortunately, that wasn't our experience. It took us an hour to get a SMALL THIN crust pizza and when we got it, it was burned! We'd have sent it back, but we didn't have another hour to wait... See the picture attached for the burn evidence...I flew out to Chicago to seek out Deep dish pizza, and I found it! Went to Burt's Place in Morton Grove, it was like so what. I was so fired up for Burt's, that was a major reason I flew out. So I got back on with my fellow yelpers in Chicago, and you guys made my trip worth it with Pequod's Pizza. Pequod's was night & day, super tasty. Thanks Chicago! By the way Wrigley Field was awesome too... Respect!My favorite of the non-chain pizzerias.  Their pizza is the bomb.  However, I liked it better when it was this hole in the wall place with about 6 tables ... now, it's a family affair.  Good for them, but like many old fuddy duddies, I become nostalgic for what was.Man, this place is real chi deep dish done right.  Not like those of the better known i.e. Gino's Giordano's Lou's etc. I brought an out of towner hoping to show him deep dish at its best.    A bit lighter i.e. less cheese and dough, this place is by far the best deep dish I've had.  We had a medium 'pan' topped with spinach, mushrooms, canadian bacon, and sausage and could barely finish more than half.   (Note, leftover pizza that evening wasn't quite as good, I think it's best enjoyed on the spot.)   Definitely will be back here for more.  Staff is friendly, and quick to refill drinks.  Love it!Pequod's deep dish pizza can be summed up in three words. BEST PIZZA EVER.Yes! This pizza is excellent! The thick crust is great, but the thin crust is my fave..and its one of very few pizzas my girlfriend and I can agree on. The crust is awesome.. not too thin, but not too thick. The sauce is sweet and plentiful. If you eat at the restaurant, please notice the neon whale wearing women's panties on his head. NICE.This was the first time I'd been here in a very long time (over 7 yrs ago).  We went on a Saturday night which also happened to be St. Patty's day weekend. The place was packed w/ loud & drunk depaul kids and we got seated after about 15 minutes. The pizza was well worth it though! My boyfriend and I ordered the medium thin crust---still awesome after all these years! I'd definitely recommend!My new favorite pizza in Chicago!!!I am a huge pizza whore and decided to have my son's first birthday party at Pequod's! I love their pizza (especially the deep!!! It is the rare deep, but not stuffed kind!) and knew they had a nice sized party room.  At first I was feeling a little guilty that maybe it was a selfish decision, but after having a successful birthday bash there, all guilt was gone.  The pizza, service and value were all great!!  Maybe parties at Pequod's will be a new birthday tradition?the wait was ridiculous.the pizza is so fluffy!the water tastes disgustingthe soda wasn't that sweettwo slices filled me up very welli would go there again!oh leftovers tasted better.Sweet Jesus, this pizza is even better as leftovers.  The burnt cheese is unreal.  Our original order was on Monday, I enjoyed some of it Tuesday (at home in CA) and on Friday and both were FANTASTIC!Another top 5 Pizza Place, great location and good service.  I have been here more than a few times for in restaurant dining as well as takeout.  This place has great prices and again some of the best pizza in the city.  I highly recommend this place if you are trying to find the best of Chicago.My desert island pizza, if that's even a thing. I definitely miss the smoke-filled, non-biance from the pre-fire, pre-re-remodel days, but the pizza's still delicious and worth suffering through Lincoln Park for. Five stars for the pizza, minus one for not delivering to Logan Square. C'mon guys, get it together. We're dying out here!i am giving it 4 stars because normally this is 5 star pizza but the last time I was in, admittedly it was the most packed it has ever been while i was there, was average at best. I have had many good experiences there before, with their perfect crust, great sauce and generous tasty toppings. Not sure what happened when i was there last but I guess even the best have an off night.We went here to try out some deep dish for the first time since moving to Chicago. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but this place is two stories with plenty of room for everyone. For starters, the Pequod Salad is delicious with plenty of fresh veggies and cheese slices cut into the shape of fish. I don't know why they're cut into the shape of fish, but it was cute. The salad is plenty big for two people to share. The deep dish, or pan, pizza was amazing! We split a small one between the two of us, and we were both stuffed when we left. It's a build your own cheese pizza, and we added sausage and spinach to it. The best part about the pizza was the crust. It was the perfect crust. Add in the friendly, quick staff and you have an excellent pizza place!I've been here a couple of times now and am finally getting around to reviewing it.  My first impression is that is a fine place.  Aesthetically speaking there's nothing phenomenal about it.  It's a quaint exposed brick pizza / sports bar.  We ordered salad, hot wings, garlic bread and a few different pan pizzas.  I can't say I have anything bad to say about the food, accommodations or service, however nothing really jumped out as fantastic.  The wings were by far the best thing I ate there.  The pizza was far from unique and lacking in bold flavor.  I was drawn to add several condiments to each slice to bring out the flavor a bit.  Not bad just not great.  I'd go back if a group decided on the place but I can't see myself choosing this place for myself.  Again, I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 because I realize how wide the range of pizza appreciation spans.I wasn't impressed the first time I had it... it was a few years ago and I'd never gone back.  I'm a Lou Malnati's girl.  But my patients LOVE this place and talked it up this week, so I decided to try it again.  The hubs and I called it in and ordered their deep dish/ pan (same thing) and ordered sausage, mushrooms, onions and jalapenos.  It was ready on time and we drove home with the intoxicating smell radiating from the back seat.  I was excited.  It looked amazing and we hung out watching the Bulls game, sitting in our family room and devoured a couple slices.  You had to use a fork and knife... it was quite a meal.  The melted cheesy charred crust, the humongoid sausages, the generous pizza sauce.  It was delicious.  We finally found another deep dish pizza that we enjoy.  The ingredients were fresh and abundant.  Damn Pequods you've redeemed yourself!!!Nice place in a great location. Their pizza is pretty decent. I've tried their thin crust as well as their deep dish, which is bready as opposed to Giordarno's which has no shortage of cheese. I've had a few people recommend this place to me and tell me how life changing it would be. With the bar already set so high I can't really say I was blown away. Satisfied with my meal and the price I paid for it? Yes. I can see myself eating here again.Best deep dish pizza in Chicago. Good service and atmosphere! Only reason it is not 5 is because the appertizers were poor qualityDO NOT EAT.  I have lived in Lincoln Park for approximately 9 years and this place is horrible.  Everyone keeps telling me how good it is and I've tried it multiple times.  Not so.  The crust is usually burnt and the service is beyond bad.  Buyer beware.Best pan pizza I've had in a long time! Delicious crust and reasonable prices. This is a must try!I just love this place. The crust is amazing and there lunch specials are great. $5.00 for a big slice of pizza and beverage of choice (Beer included). Where else in this city can you get lunch for such a deal?Great pizza, good beers.good pizza! good atmosphere! ive tried the 'famous' deep dish with caramelized cheesey crust stuff... some of the best deep dish ive had! (im not a 100% fan of deep dish...)the restaurant from the outside looks a little iffy, but inside is clean, updated, cozy... and buzzing with a crowd of down to earth people.  the wait staff is friendly and quick, apps are good, and prices are exactly what you want to pay when going out for pizza.going here is very comfortable and relaxed. and then you get GOOD PIZZA!thin looked good too... thats next weekend's dinner.I have never eaten AT Pequods only ordered out.  I would have to say hands down this is the best deep dish pizza in chicago.  The sauce is perfect and the crust is to die for.  Usually when you eat a deep dish pizza the crust at the end is this flaky cookie like substance that tastes OK but is not as good as the rest of the pizza.  Pequods carmalizes their crust and has the deep dish meat of the center of the pizza go all the way to the end.  You get a carmalized sweet treat.  How often would you say that the crust is the best part of the pizza, when the pizza is already good?Pequods' deep dish pizzas have the best pizza crust in the world.  Not "in Chicago."  Not "in the USA."  The world.This is my favorite pizzeria and I absolutely love the carmelized crust.  Love the sausage, pepperoni and mushroom pizza.Ok, I live in Morton Grove, and there happens to be a Pequod here.  However, I wanted to go to Lincoln Park, and hang out there.  When I was entered there, I was wondering why the lights were off.  That was weird.  I guess it must be a recession or something.  But anyways, the first slice I ate was a 3.5/5.  But for some weird reason, the second piece was a 4/5.  I guess I'm used to eating UNO's or Gino's East.  I don't know.  But it's still pretty good.My friend Tony took me to this place when we were in the area saying he goes there all the time for their lunch special. For the prize, the pizza was worth it. Sad to hear about the owner's daughter though. My condolences.Best deep dish in the city and I don't even really like deep dish but this is great.Pequod's was ok. I noticed it while sitting in a bookstore across the street, and decided to give it a try. The atmosphere was fun - both booths and tall tables to choose from. The service was also quick, attentive and polite. They had a good beer selection as well. I was disappointed by their pan pizza, however. It was advertised by Pequod's and by readers on yelp as a 'deep dish' pizza. However, I found that the only thing deep about it was the crust - there was a lot of bread with very little cheese and marinara on top (not what I've come to expect from a deep dish). Also, the veggies on top did not look or taste fresh, although a second pie with only cheese tasted a bit better.I looooooove Pequods!! We always order the New York style pepperoni (extra pepperoni please!!) and a salad with ranch....seriously the best pizza I've ever had! ;)I'm not a big fan of Chicago style deep dish, but I do like Pequod's.  I think it might have to do with them never cleaning the grease and gunk out of their deep dish pans which makes the crust extra greasy and crisp.  Also, big fan of the burnt cheese.  The only problem is is that I always have horrible indigestion after going here.  I would never eat pizza here and then go out drinking for the night without a 2 hour pit stop at home.Pequod's has the sickest lunch special in all the land - for $5 you can get a personal pan pizza and a drink (soda or beer).  These personal pan pizzas have a divine and addictive caramelized crust - crispy and a little burnt, and so damn good you'll crave it for weeks.  It is really a good thing I left the contract job I had down the street, because otherwise my health would be in serious jeopardy from daily pizza consumption.  The Pequod's lunch special is a sometimes food.This place was really good. It was one of the best pizzas I have ever had. I was on a road trip with some friends and we stopped in Chicago. We ate at this place. The toppings were really good. We had a pan pizza with sausage. The caramelized crust was really good. I approve of Chicago pizza.The pizza was pretty good but I have to say that the atmosphere turned me off for some reason.  Can't put my finger on it--we were sat upstairs and the bathroom up there had Lord of the Ring paintings on the wall, not that there's anything wrong with that...Chicago deep dish is wiggling all of its casserole-like goodness into my heart.  And Pequod's is helping convert me into an official deep disher - tart tomato sauce, burnt-crust that was moist on the inside, perfectly crunch on the outside, and lots-and-lots-o-cheese.  Unfortunately, Pequod's only offers "design your own pies" (this is starting to seem like common practice in Chicago), and not-so-many topping options (no unusual options or gourmet cheese choices), but this is far made up for my their ah-mazing $4.95 lunch deal!  $4.95 for a 7"- 1 topping pizza and a domestic macro pint!  I LOVE a good deal!  The smaller, individually sized pizza means no sharing necessary!  No topping selection arguments between me and the bf! And results in a pizza with a great crust-to-pie ratio!  YUM.By far the best deep dish.  The crust is delicious and the burnt cheese on the crust is mind-blowing.  A sausage deep-dish from here can turn any day around.  It's a little out of the way for out-of-towners but way more worth the trip than going to Giordano's or Lou Malnatti's if you're visiting Chicago.It took me nearly four years of living in Chicago to discover one of it's finest offerings in pizza. Forget gino's easy or giodarnos. Pequod's is the best deep dish I've had so far and it's even worth the nearly two hour wait for delivery. I loved the pepperoni and the sausage pizzas I've had from here. In case you're wondering they do deliver downtown so pick up your phone and place an order next time you want a good, not-so-healthy Chicago treat.First time going to Pequods.  I have been a big fan of Lou Malnotis, so I was a little critical at first.  Well, I have to say, Pequods does do the key deep dish things right.  One, the toppings are great.  We have pepperoni, Sausage, green peppers, and onions.  The sauce was bland, but let the toppings really shine out.  They also do this awesome thing with the cheese all the way to the edge of the crust.  This is really the best part.  Good service, but just like any deep dish it takes a while to cook.  Be patient, its worth it.Came into Pequod's with my fiancée after losing yet another softball game. We were bumming about our lack of softball prowess, and pizza heals all wounds. Pequod's has a sports bar atmosphere, a natural fit in a sporty town like Chicago, but its clear that on "game night" this place is going to be packed. Its a relatively small bar/restaurant, with short little booths made for two, and barstool flanked tables surrounded by Chicago sports memorabilia and flat-screen TVs. We kept it simple: soda, salad, sausage-spinach-mushroom deep dish pie. Our server brought our drinks and salads quickly; service here is brisk and friendly. The house salad was simple - chopped lettuce, sliced black olives, a slice of tomato, shredded carrots, all dressings on the side. Comforting in its simplicity. Our pizza took another 20-25 minutes, pretty standard for a deep dish place. I was hesitant about getting deep dish because I can't stand the typical heavy, buttery, pastry-dough crusts that so many Chicago-style places employ. When it came out, I saw that the cheese had oozed out onto the sides of the well-seasoned cast iron skillet, and I was briefly debating how greasy everything was going to be. But yessss...I was extremely pleasantly surprised at the lightness of the crust on Pequod's pizza! How Pequod's can take a thick layer of tangy, crunchy-on-the-bottom but light-on-the-inside crust, smother it with cheese, bright tomato sauce, and fresh spinach, herby golfball sized chunks of sausage, and fresh mushrooms and have it NOT be a belly bomb is kind of a pizza miracle. I ate two slices of medium-sized pie and felt full without that greaseball quesiness I get from just one slice of "the other guys" stuff. This just might be the best deep dish I've had in Chicago.Based on pizza alone this place is 5 stars. I'd happily go back and have it again and again...provided there's no game on, so I can avoid the crowds.I had a deep dish with mushroom, spinach, and sausage. It's just average. Nothing very special about the crust or the topping. If anything the tomato sauce flavor is too overwhelming that it really doesn't matter what topping I put on there. It just tastes like tomato. The wheat beer I had, 193, I think? That was very good.Their pan pizza is fantastic. Things I like about it: Focaccia-like Carmelized crust, burnt mozzarella on the ends, meatball sized sausage, large ingredients, and enough cheese and sauce to make is a chicago-styled pan pizza. The sausage may have changed a little bit when Burt sold the place. It's got a little more spice. It's seems more like an italian sausage than a more mild sausage that is signature at Burt's and other deep-dish main-stays in chicago.The restaurant has a good beer-selection-- not the best in Lincoln Park, but they have plenty of Micro-brews. The Clybourne location also has a second level so you're not going to wait long on the weekend. The main floor has plenty of TVs and has a nice renovated interior.I also like that they put a sheet of tin foil over the pizza when you get carry out. It really seems to trap in the heat. I love watching the steam come out of the box when I open it.Great lunch specialBest pizza in Chicago! Love the burnt crust on the deep dish. Yummo!I hadn't had Pequod's Pizza in years, it is just as awesome as I remembered.  It is good to know some thing's never change.  You know it is truly good pizza when the cheese pizza is a satisfying choice, but when it come to toppings there is no skimping.I was planning a day trip to Chicago and relied on Yelp for the best suggestions. With over 900 reviews and still at 4 stars, I assumed that this place was going to be superb.We walked in and there was a huge blast of heat, pretty nice coming from the 30ish degree weather outside. We were greeted rather quickly and sat instantly. Our waitress was really nice and attentive, I don't know her name but she is blonde if that helps. :PWe had the lunch special, the personal deep dish pizzas, garlic bread and jalapeño poppers for our apps. I don't know if it's just me or maybe we came on an off day.. but I felt like I have had much better pizza. The jalapeño poppers and garlic bread were good, but the pizza. Maybe I just don't like Chicago pizza? Maybe because it was the lunch special? No idea but my boyfriend didn't really rave about it either.I love this place! It's a great place to go on a Saturday evening-Blackhawks bar! Get there early because tables go fast!Got the pan pizza to try out Chicago style pizza but didn't like the deep dish style.  I think I'll get the thin crust next time.  The sauce was pretty tomato-ey and the sausage mixed in was pretty darn good.  The dark crust on the upper edge of the pizza was sooo delicious- crispy and burnt looking but probably won't kill you if you don't eat it that often.Pequod's pizza is just absolutely addicting.  There is typically not more than two weeks that I go without grabbing a pizza. They always are filled to capacity, so it's pretty telling that they are a much-loved staple in Chicago.Pequod's Pizza is delicious!! Definitely an awesome Chicago pizza. I absolutely loved the crust. I couldn't give it 5 stars because I still think Lou Malnati's is my all time favorite.This place is delicious. The best deep dish I've had by far.This place was amazing, a line out the door and it was pouring rain, don't be in a hurry if you order the pan pizza it takes a while but is so worth it in the end! Just enjoy a few green lines while you wait.Normally, I go for pizza mainly for cheese and go for thin crust at most places, but Pequod's deep dish is amazing that you'll be crazy not to get it!  It's already been said many times, but the best part is the crispy cheesy crust.  I had a sausage and mushroom, and it was heavenly delicious!  Ordered for pick up and it took 30 minutes.  Quick and easy.  Would love to come back and sit down to enjoy it while watching a game next time.Favorite deep-dish in Chicago.Another AMAZING pizza place if you enjoy deep dish delicious-ness!  Great place if you're craving deep dish.  The wait is a bit long, but it is well worth it.  I went a few weeks ago and split a medium deep dish with several toppings (mushrooms, onions, black olives).  The pizza had about an inch thick of cheese on the top and the toppings are plentiful.  The sauce wasn't overly sweet but had very good flavor.  I would definitely recommend this place if you are in the area.  It will not disappoint!I made the trek (as a tourist) from dtown Chicago...jumped on red line & walked for 15-20mins. IT WAS WORTH IT! Although the fried zucchini were just par for the course, they keep me occupied while I wait the prerequisite 30 mins for good deep dish. I ordered the pepp & sausage pan w caramelized crust and it did not disappoint. Staff was friendly and the Official Blackhawks bar took me back to the Roenick & Chelios days. Now if have to carry my leftovers back :)Pequod's pizza doesn't taste like anyone else's pizza, so they've got that going for them, which is nice. But, they had a fire a few years back and I don't think their pizza has been as good since. I know this place gets great reviews and I just wanted to include my opinion because a friend went recently and was disappointed after reading so many glowing reviews. Everyone has different taste in pizza and in my book Pequod's pizza is just average.Awesome pizza...good atmosphere...love it...periodThe best Deep dish Pizza in Chicago.  I can't say much else, because that's pretty much all we've got there, but we are always happy when we get pizza from here...the crust is AMAZING!!Best pizza I have ever had.  I had to start talking tattoo artists with the waitress though to get any kind of hospitality.  But I guess it's Chicago and not KY.Did not really know that pizza could be so thoroughly delicious.This is my all-time favorite pizza!  It is deep, but not quite as deep as Giordano's.  It has less cheese than traditional deep dish, which is a nice change of pace.  The best part is the crunchy, crispy crust that is carmelized!  I recommend eating-in as the crust loses some crunchiness in delivery.The pizza is delicious. I got a pan pepperoni. The breaded mushrooms were probably the best I've had. The employees are friendly and attentive (there's like 5,000 of them). I can't think of any reason to give Pequod's lower than a 5!I really like the pepperoni they use on the pizza here.  Great flavor.  Also love the caramelized crust.  I think it tastes better eaten at the restaurant then delivery as I like my pizza piping hot.I adore the carmelized crust pizza!   Usually we get it delivered but decided to go on a Saturday night after a movie at Webster place.  We almost didnt go in because the place looked so small and crowded, with people sitting outside on benches.. we thought the wait would be long.  DONT LET THE APPEARANCE OF A CROWD DISSUADE YOU.  We walked up to the hostess who promptly whisked us off to a table upstairs in a second, enourmous dining room.  The place is seriously huge.Good pizza, decent bar. Try it, you'll like it. Not the best, but a fine choice. They have a bar, get a beer, some pizza, watch the game. USA!Ordered a deep dish with pepperoni, sausage, and onions.  This pie was OUTSTANDING.  The big chunks of sausage and thick slices of pepperoni were really delicious.  The gooey cheesey crust was great was well. Delivery was on-time.  Price was a little stiff at $28 for a large three topping.  I only wish they would have been as generous with the onions as they were with the pepperoni.I've never actually been to the restuarant but have gotten pizza delivered from here many times.  This is a review strictly of the pizza and not the restuarant/service.This pizza ties with Lou Maltnati's as best pizza in Chicago! (IMHO at least). The crust is thick and soft, and carmelized with cheese around the outside. Peperoni has a nice flavor (peperoni and onion toppings are highly recommended).  The pizza is very filling- I can eat 2 pieces if I'm absolulety starving.  However, as far as re-heating the next day, this pizza tastes the best, hands down. Crust and cheese holds up well, and it just tastes great.Pequod's is stellar pizza, and an excellent deal.  I mean you get a huge personal deep dish pizza with one topping and a draft beer, yes, a beer, during lunch hours for $5.  That's absurd.  The pizza is legit, the scene is legit, and I quickly became a regular here during lunch hours (and had to walk a mile and a half each way to get here).  I miss you Pequod's.I love Pequod's.  Disclaimer giving  4 stars (instead of 5)  - I only ever get the pan pizza.I've been eating Pequod's for years and always love it.  Pan pizza w/ sausage, pan pizza w/ jalepenos, pan pizza plain = great.I do miss the old interior - but the pizza is still the same and that's great.This place...HANDS DOWN...has the best Pan Pizza "I HAVE" ever had...so far. The two person booths are very comfortable and the service was average.Not your typical pizza in Chicago!  Excellent crispy crust, light amount of sauce and the amount of toppings were double than what I expected.I like this better than Gino's and Lou Malnati's.  The crust is thick, but not too dense or too dry.  They slather it in sauce, cheese, and whatever toppings you order.  We get mushrooms and sausage, and there is no slice that is lacking large chunks of sausage.I am giving it 4 stars because the wait for a table is loooooong, then you have to wait 45min for the pizza to cook.  If they had more seating I would definitely give it 5 stars.Don't bother with the thin crust pizza, that's not why you eat pizza in Chicago...I give Pequods three stars for the beer selection, and sandwiches. I have experienced their pizza while dining in, and while it was ok... the next day for left overs was horrible. I know a few people who love this pizza, however it is really not one of my favorites. The crust is more of a corn bread type crust, and just doesn't suit my fancy. The sauce, the toppings, everything else about the pizza was good. I have had a meatball, as well as a sausage from Pequods and they were terrific. Would return for a sandwich and a beer!4.5* Deep Dish. 1/2 Sausage Onions, 1/2 Pepperoni MushroomsI think Pequod's has decent pizza but I don't enjoy it as much as everyone raves about it. The reason I give it 3 stars and not 4 is because I am not a fan of their crust because its really doughy. However, you still gotta go check it out for yourself even though this would probably be low on my list to grab some za.Best pizza in the city, in my opinion. Pan style is all I get and it is AMAZING. Carmelized crust and all. Never have drink specials and wings are disappointing, but the pizza is so damn good, I dont even care!Absolute best deep-dish pan pizza in Chicago. Caramelized crust adds some char flavor and saltiness but doesn't overwhelm the pizza itself. Think Lou Malnati's times five (LM x 5 = awesome). This is just Chicago pizza done right, at an affordable price, with an incredibly large serving of food. A large pan and a few beers could easily feed a half dozen happy people.Not a bad place for a group if you have a reservation. I am a bit biased as I love pizza in general but this pizzeria's pizzas sure have a good crunch (the basic of a good pizza!). I also liked the ease of parking in the area (for free!) Definitely returning to try some other toppings.  Good job Pequod!OMG...perfect Deep Dish Pizza.  Had the sausage, pep and onions.  Buttery crust and gobs of sausage and pepperoni.  A total local hangout.  Met up with my buddy who lives in Wrigley.  What a great recommendation.Best pizza in the city, and probably the whole world, since this is Chicago. Lou Malnati's is a close second, but the carmelized crust takes my heart.You should only ever eat pizza from here.  Great beer, good service (sometimes a wait), incredible food.  Nice place for larger groups or a 2-4 people.  Whenever I bring someone new here, they can't believe they haven't eaten it before.I absolutely LOVE the pizza here. LOVE - that's saying something from a native Chicagoan. (Don't skip the crust - its so good!!!)ok food n bar ambiance but terrible customer service especially saturday night.waited 1 1/2 hr 2 b seated (no reservation- thats ok) but d pizza was cold n burned.how can u do that at d same time?appetizer came late.waiters take forever 2 serve a glass of water n refill (should proactively offer it in d 1st place).parking is a problem.The most AMAZING crust in the city!  I absolutely LOVE their deep dish pizza.  My husband and I regular order from here, and we have ate in their dining room a few times as well.  We typically get the pan pizza half cheese (for me) and half pepperoni (for him).  I usually insist on the Pequod's salad with house vingarette.  The salad is pretty average, but the pizza is what knocks my socks off.  The crust has this crunchy parmesan taste.  It is SO unique and delicious.  My husband occasionally complains that the pizza doesn't have enough sauce.  However, we never seem to remember to ask for more, so I am not sure what their response would be if you requested it.  I really like the atmosphere when you dine in at Pequod's.  It has a really relaxed almost bar feel.  For me, it's a tie between Lou Malnati's and Pequod's for the best deep dish in Chicago.Best. Deepdish Pizza. Ever.Amazing.  Fresh, tasty ingredients.  Everything is well-balanced.  It's nearly impossible to say what the best pizza in Chicago is, but this has to be up there on most people's lists.Best deep dish and thin crust in Chicago. I discovered this place by word of mouth I haven't stopped going. If you like a sausy deep dish with a crusty cheesy edge, then you have to try it out. If you are a meat lover on your pizza, then you have to try the sausage. Although the place looks small on the outside. There is plenty of room for a large gathering upstairs.Whether you are a local or out of town-er, you have to stop by and try Pequods.4.5. Came back to take my bf, after not being pleased last time (but I assured him it was because he got delivery and was all the way from LP to downtown). He was much pleased this time. Had a 35 min wait, due to NCAA game, but service was great and assured us that once the game was over, the wait would not be much longer. Luckily since it was nice, we waited outside. Because of its busyness, we had the option to have our pizza halfway prepared so we didn't have to wait even longer when we were seated. While being a nice idea, I think this attributed to me not as enjoying the pizza as much as the first time. We ordered a medium pan (6 slices) with green pepper and onion. First, there were not that many green peppers, but I felt like the crust this time was just slightly a little more chewy/dense than last time (which was perfect). Nonetheless, I still prefer this over all the chains, especially Lou's which I don't know why people love so much.  Pequod's crust is so much better with a nice fresh burnt taste straight from the pan. Their service is also one of my favorites. They are extremely well staffed and efficient and not overly eager or in your face.Amazing.Wow. That's about all I can say pequod's. We had the deep dish and it's far superior to malnati's or Giordano's.  This will definitely be added to my regular rotation!Great pizza--some of the best we've ever had.  My husband is a Chicago native, and there are a couple of "must-haves" when we're back in the city.  Pizza is at the top of the list, and this was outstanding.  We ordered the thin crust for our grandkids, and that was good, but the deep dish will be something we talk about for a long time.  Worth a ten-hour drive!Believe the hype. It' s pretty darn good. Much better than Gino's but not quite Lou's status.Love Pequod's, how can one not?One of the better Chicago style restaurants in the city!  Great place on the North Side, was really cool and punk before the fire and they did the remodeling.  Now the decor is slightly cookie-cutter/yuppie but the pizza and wait staff still ROCK!Really, really good, we had the large pepperoni deep dish which blows away pizza from the chicago mainstays (malnati's, gino's, giordano's) Pretty expensive though, came to almost 60 for 2 pizzasI've been here twice and each time we've gotten a solid pizza.  I love the crust!!!  The cheese on the pizza is great, but there is nothing better than caramelized cheese on your crust!  Both times we've gotten pepperoni, sausage and mushroom - all the ingredients are quite tasty though I have to say that the more I have sausage the more I don't like it that much, but oh well!  Anyway, there's not much more I can add to this place except to say that it's a great place to go after a movie, especially when it's a later movie and you are absolutely famished by the end of it.  We've seen some crappy movies recently so the pizza afterwards has definitely been the highlight.  The Miller Lite is also always cold and the perfect compliment to our pizza.  Enjoy!I always order the italian beef w/cheese, it's awesome!  My girl always gets the pizza, I've tried it, but I'm not crazy about it.  The atmosphere is fun, sports on the TV and the wait staff is very helpful.some of the best pizza in chicago even though it's not chicago style deep dish. basically a slightly thicker than normal pan pizza with gigantor toppings.  the mojo is in the caramelized crust though.  forget that stuffed crust nonsense, this is probably the only pizza where the crust is the best part.  also pretty tasty delivered but i would definitely dine-in if possible. i'm not sure what the panty-faced whale logo is all about, but he makes a good pizza pie nonetheless.Pequod's is no doubt my FAVORITE pizza in Chicago.  Especially when I'm in the mood for a thin pepperoni...theirs can't be beat.  And, they have a great beer selection too!The pizza here was hyped up a lot so maybe that's why I was a little disappointed. Overall, it was really good but it wasn't like I was blown away. I thought $17 and change for a medium cheese pizza (deep dish) was a little pricey.By far, my favorite pizza in the city! The crust is delicious (especially with a side of their ranch dressing) and the toppings are equally yummy. I'm partial to the pepperoni but I've had other toppings and they've all been great. The service is overall as friendly and efficient as you're going to find for a pizza place that's as busy as it is. If you haven't tried this yet, go for it!This is by far my #1 deep dish pizza for Chicago as of yet.... Sauce Is sweet and tangy, crust is crisp and buttery, and there signature..the carmelized cheese crust...is sex in your mouth.The Good: -The absolute BEST deep dish pizza I have EVER had! -Great service (waiters/waitresses are fun and friendly)-Recommended by more Chicagoans I know than any other place when asked where to go for the BEST pizzaThe Bad: -NoneThe Ugly:-Friend told me he had food poisoning from them once, to give you an idea of how good the pizza is, he still goes there regularly!Pequod's is amazing! My honey took me here when I was pregnant...needless to say, he made many more trips within that nine months! I am a fan for life...the caramelized crust is divine!!! I would recommend it to anyone who wants amazingly delicious pizza...hands down the best I've tasted in chi-town! matter of fact I think I'll call them on my way home and have some pizza for dinner..yum!Yes, Pequod's you are awesome.No frills atmosphere, but the deep dish pizza with caramelized crust + giardiniera peppers is money, total F'ing money.To boot, they have a lunch deal that includes a personal sized pie + 1 beer or soda for $5 for dine in.Screw all the chains and their supposed best Chicago style deep dish.If you have not been here yet and call yourself a Chicagoan - I'd get here ASAP via your Cta Card/Igo/Car/Segway/Bicycle/Legs, now.Why are you still reading this - go.best deep dish in chicago.  period.  if i were a rich man, when i when to pequods i would order a large pepperoni with onion, and then just eat the outside 1".  that caramelized crust is the best.  and the giant sausage chunks are pretty damn good too.  yeah sure, even every once in a while you get just an ok pizza.  and it's not a dive like it was 5 years ago.  and sure, it takes 45 minutes per pizza.  and the lines are long.  but it's worth it.  i will go to the grave defending pequods as the best deep dish in chicago.  get take out or delivery if you must, but it's never the same as in the store.  and enjoy!Caramelized cheese crust, so freakin good. My favorite pizza in Chicago - I recommend the deep dish with pepperoni and pepperoncini. Thin is still good, but the deep dish is what you need to get. Plus it's deep dish that isn't solid cheese (ie Gino's), so you're not quite as full after you eat it.Great place for a bite to eat before a movie. The crubled sausage and basil deep dish pizza is AWESOME! Might be my favorite pizza joint in the city.If you are going to a movie however, do a pizza order call ahead, and when you check in, tell them you have a movie time--- otherwise, they don't put the pie in the oven until your table is ready!This place deserves a 5 rating as I love the za and have been several times.  However, last Saturday night I took my parents and soon-to-be inlaws for a casual dinner.  We had 8:30 reservations - didn't get seated till 9:15.  The temperature was about 90 degrees - come on, get some AC - its July in Chicago.  Pizza was great as usual but get the service and AC to match it.I was a little worried about moving away from my traditional pizza joints when I ordered from Pequods the first time....but that quickly went away when i tasted my first bite of this most tasty treat!  I love the pizza here and it has quickly become my favorite in the city!  Nothing better than a pepperoni pan pizza with that delicious caramelized crust!!!!  MMMMM!Usually I prefer thin crust, but I always go deep dish here! It is the best in Chicago. Giordanos has nothing on Pequod's.The bar is nice - old school with movie posters, good TVs, and a shitload of blackhawks gear.  Beer selection is great with crafts and mainstream.  Came here on a Sunday for the 2nd half of a bears game.  Asked for the drink special, which was "$4.50 312 drafts."  Sorry, that's not a special.  $12 buckets of bud light is a special.   $4 Hacker Pschorr is a special.  $4.50 for a pint of a beer brewed down the street is not a special.  Ordered a medium deep dish pie with intentions of leftovers.  It was delivered in the iron cast pan and it was delicious - especially the carmelized blackened cheese crust.  I wrapped up a couple pieces for the following night and went on my way.Threw 2 pieces in the oven to heat up the next day and was incredibly disappointed.  The crust becomes so thick and doughy and dry, it's almost impossible to eat without dipping it in a bowl of sauce.  I had to start eating backwards from the delicious crust (still delicious as leftovers) and throwing the rest away once it was gone.I did note a ridiculous M-F lunch special - less than $5 for a 7 inch pan pizza and a soda/pint of Miller Lite.  Pizza is good, bar is good, leftovers are NOT.  Order a pie that you know will finish, b/c the leftovers will change your opinion.I'll go back, but will order a size smaller.As someone who's born and raised in Chicago, I'm surprised that so many people like this place.  I feel like I'm eating bread covered with tomato sauce and a tiny bit of cheese. Yuck. Definitely wayyyy more places I'd rather eat then pizza from this place.Made a reservation at Pequod's for my birthday and the staff was more than accomdating for all 15 of us.  The pizzas took a while to come out, and they actually forgot to put in our one thin crust we ordered...but absolutely well worth the wait and they took off 50% of the pizza they forgot about...I actually almost forgot the negative experience because I enjoyed the food so much.As for the pizza, it's amazing...from the crispy, caramalized cheese crust to the delicious sauce and endless toppings..it's perfection on a plate. The pizza differs from Lou's or a Gino's, which is much appreciated! It was so refreshing to find a place like this, and not too far away. I will gladly return again and again!This is my favorite pizza joint.  Being from the east coast, I don't love deep dish, and theirs is a little different than others I've tried here; less heavy, and tastier.  On weekends they will let you make a reservation, but it doesn't get you a table right away.  You just get priority over the people who have just walked in.  But you can put your pizza order in while you wait since it takes so long to cook anyway.Side note, I chose this as my last solid meal before getting my wisdom teeth out!  Must be my favorite meal!Pizza came out undercooked, and even when they redid it, still tasted kind of bland. Still take Lou Malnati's or the original Uno/Due any day. Nice change of pace though.Far out man!  Their deep dish pizza is amongst the greats in the biz.  Super filling slices of all the good ingredients you could possibly want.  The intentionally burnt back crust trumps any pizza innovation that the mad scientists at pizza hut or dominos could ever come up with.Yum! Pizza crust was delish. Sausage, Pepperoni and Green olives on top. I highly suggest it. (Can you tell I love salt?)I rarely rate anything a 5 star, but htis pizza is THAT good.  Love the deep dish wth big chunks of frsh veggies.  They carmelize the cheese on the edges of the za, a real treat!The Best Pizza in Chicago!!! Def, my fav. :-) The Weekends get packed, expect a 30-45 min wait, but it's sooo worth it!Great Pizza.  I just wished that their beer selection would be better.I've been coming here for 5 years  and I have not once had a bad pizza here.  There is something about the pan w/ sausage.  It is very simple, but always outstanding.  Pequod's is easily my go to for pan pizza.Best deep dish in Chicago as far as I'm concerned.  Can say that I haven't had any thin crust pizza better than Pequod's as well.  Great place to eat, too - staff is very friendly and service is great.  Have been there many times and always a great experience.  Delivery is excellent as well.  Can't miss with this place!Going here for years before the yuppies took over but this place still my spot for pizza. Sausage is flame stop order it and go deep dish.  Packed on the weekend so enjoy.It's the only deep dish pizza I will eat-love it!  They carmelize the crust like no other.  Really puts other pizzerias to shame.Our group came away with mixed reviews about the place, however those that didn't like the place as much are thin crust fans. I personally loved the pizza. I had it on Saturday and I kept thinking about sunday night and even today monday. We ordered a Large Pan Pizza with Sausage, Canadian Bacon and Tomatoes. The ingredients where top notch. Everyone agreed on that. The crust is thick, however the bread isn't very dense. I thought it was great, other thought it was too much bread... but they are thin crust fans. Most enjoyed the burnt crust and cheese.My favorite pizza ever of all time. Seriously, it's the best. Get the deep dish and you will not be disappointed!Best pizza ever! I have all my out of town friends and family hooked on this.  Every time they come to see me, we always have to go to pequods.  Make sure you order the deep dish, though.  Otherwise, you may not get the full pizza bliss experience.Obviously the pan pizza is the way to go at this pizza place.  The caramelized crust is just superb.  Get ready for some large toppings, because they come in chunks!  Yum, I just ordered it and I can't wait for it to be delivered!I'm not a fan of the caramelized (burned and rubbery) cheese on the crust. The sauce was plentiful, without being too acidic and making me regret eating one piece too many.But, overall, the meal was forgettable. I think I'd try every other deep dish place in Chicago before looping back to this one.My family loves Pequod's.  It is one of their favorite pizza companies of all times. I have been on the fence for awhile because I was not sure if I really did enjoy their caramelized signature crust. I used to think it was too burnt for my liking.Yesterday, on a Saturday, I ordered a small pan pizza with garlic and spinach for take out. Service: The place was packed, but when I made my way to the order desk, they had several people on hand to assist.Serving size: My roommate and I shared the small pan pizza and it was the right am amount of food without overeating and we were pretty hungry to begin with.This pizza smelled amazing. I was tempted on the ride home to take a bite, but I resisted.When I took a bite at home, I was speechless. The caramelized crust is ingenious and really gives the pizza a delicious and unique taste. They are now in my top 3 favorite pizza places of all times. If you have not tried it, do it.The pizza here is fantastic. Here's why:-The toppings are great-The crust has an awesome buttery crispness on the bottom-The caramelized cheese around the edges is out-of-this-worldJust go here now. Do it. You won't be disappointed.Pizza is pretty good, however, their staff and service is downright horrible. Ordered delivery and not the whole order arrived and when asked when we can get it, the delivery driver started giving me attitude and talking back to me. Called in to get it corrected and the person taking orders started giving me attitude as well. Such a shame good food gets overshadowed by horrible service.To me, this place is unique amongst the Chicago style pizza places.  The burnt ring around the edge of the pizza really adds something different, and somehow it actually works.I've only been here for lunch.  They run a great deal at $5 for a personal size pizza and a drink.  You can even get a beer if you wish for that price.The veggie toppings I've tried have always been fresh, and I've never had a bad pizza here.  I wish it was a little closer to the "el" but it's worth the walk or short cab ride from the North Clybourn stop.Good deep dish. Really thick/fluffy crust. A noble attempt of capturing the true Chicago-style pizza.Great pizza, fun place, lots of TV's and great pizza (can't say that enough).Can get slammed and crowded so not a lot of room to stand around and wait but its so good it doesn't really matter.Best pie ever! Seriously unbelievable. I traveled to Chicago from Texas for pizza and I was NOT disappointed. Excellent draft beer selection and service to boot! I am extremely satisfied and I have leftovers too!The best around, the rest are just chains.I've been going here my whole life. Best deep dish there is. If you're in Chicago, go here... often.Omg this is the best pizza I have ever had!! I have been here a few times before and whenever I'm in Chicago I come here. Both deep dish and thin crust are amazing and they deliver till 3 in the morning which is awesome. I have been to other pizza places in Chicago but nothing beats pequods.My Dad and I decided to take a trip up to watch our beloved Cardinals take on the Cubs and check out a pizza joint. After looking on Yelp, we decided that Pequod's would be the place to go. After having Pizzeria Uno taken from us here in St. Louis, we were itching for a solid deep dish. WOW! This place is amazing! The price was just right and next time I go with one other person, I'll still get a large because it was great to bring back home. I've already recommended it to anyone and everyone that lives/visits Chicago. I'll be back!I'm a fanatical fan of Chicago deep dish now. Sauce was great, toppings were great, nicely blackened crust, great stuff!This is our go to place when it comes to Pizza! Their deep dish is crazy delicious. Their prices are just as good! They also have a lunch special for $5. You get your individual deep dish plus a pop. AMAZING! We have been coming here since forever, my mom has been going there since before your truly was born. I took my son there and he approved (14 month old :-) ) so this one is a keeper for generations for sure!Just wanted to add that I love this place.THE best pizza in Chicago. We dont even bother with any other deep dish places anymore. This is our only option.Love everything about it. The carmelized cheesy crust, sauce, toppings...The upstairs area is so much more appealing now after the renovation. They have plenty of seating now and 2 full bars. Perfect place to go before a movie at Webster Place!The best pizza I've ever had in Chicago. The caramelized crust tastes great and the sauce/cheese they use is amazing. I love Pequods.The service here SUCKS!! in fact I've had better service from a gas station attendant. My wife and went in for lunch today the manager/host was on a personal cell phone call and acknowledged us by holding up two fingers to indicate the size of our party. He then proceeded to take us all the way to the back of the establishment and seat us at a table next to the kitchen door (Still on his phone) It was not until he ended his call that he answered her  and our request to be seated at another table. Which he then said he had something to do in the kitchen handed us the menu's and told us to sit where we wanted and he would be right back. I failed to mention that the restaurant was practically empty, maybe 12 to 15 diners tops. I will make it a point to tell everyone I know not to dine in at this place. Note to staff: WORK ON YOUR MANNERSThe best deep dish pizza in Chicago. the slightly burnt butter crisp crust is phenomenal and accompanied ingredients of cheese, sauce, and topping are balanced perfectly. my favorite and recommended toppings are pepperoni, onions, fresh tomatoes, black olives, with garlic... it is just pizza heaven... check it out for yourself and Enjoy!Oh Pequod's...I won't care what you are doing to my arteries if you keep treating my stomach this way.  OM NOM NOM.Been going to Pequads for years. When the old Great Ace was across the street from them. I used to go over there after work with co-workers.So when you get a good pan pizza it's the best thing but sometimes go back and it sucks.It hit or miss with them mainly stingy with toppings. "xtra is xtra & nothing is for nothing" been there slogan. raise your prices and if the pie is worth it great.if not oh well.I'm surprised this doesn't have five stars! It's the best pan pizza in the city! More dough, less sauce than most others, but that's why I like it. The carmelized crust makes it the most unique in the city. Start with the jalapeno poppers. Finish with pan pepperoni. And you'll go home a VERY happy person!I have been going to Pequod's regularly now for almost 13 years and have nothing but good things to say about their pizza. I'm not sure in all of that time I have even tried anything there BUT their pizza! The thin is always great and the deep dish is fantastic. I liked the place better before they remodeled (it had more personality) but it's still nice to eat there. Hands down still the best pizza I've had in Chicago.This is easily the best pizza in the city.  From the caramelized crust, down to the sauce, it doesn't get any better.  Or does it???Oh yeah, $5 lunch special every week day: a personal pan pizza with one topping and one free fountain drink or Miller Lite.  I'm not a big fan of Miller Lite, but when I pay $5 for a pizza and a beer, it's hard to beat...Great thin or pan  pizza  The lunch special from 11-3 Mon to Fri is a fabulous deal. Less than $5 for a beer or soft drink and an individual pan pizza.This was my first experience at Pequods with the Windy City Pizza Club. We sat upstairs which was semi busy. The atmosphere was nice, easy to hear the people next to you, but the lighting could have been a little better. The menu was not as big as I expected for this being a very well known pizza establishment. The pizza was very good, (I had a thin crust with vegetables) but the service was terrible. We ordered our food and after awhile we asked the waitress how much longer it would be till we were served. She went to go check and then told us that there was a mix-up in the kitchen and that we would have to wait a few more minutes... we were starving at this point so not words we wanted to hear. Overall, I would go back but maybe not at a busy time of the day.I went there with the Windy City Pizza Club.  The crust delivered its well known taste but I thought the medium pan was a little heavy on the sauce compared to what I remember the last time I went there.  Prices were very reasonable. The service was very friendly and I found my drink continually refilled up until the time the check came and then the waitress vanished.  I would recommend trying it at least once because it is very unique and good but don't plan to go back there for a while.I've been living in the area near peaquod for about 6 months now. I am so glad that there is a good pizza place in walking distance. Peaquod's is my top two favorite pan pizzas. My roommates go there at least once a week! the staff is terrific and It's a good place to watch sports games while you eat!The crust is f-ing delicious. The whole pie was still really good, good enough that I have ordered it several more times. But if I could cross breed pequod's crust with a Lou malnatis pizza it would be the greatest pie in the world! Definitely try it and make your own judgement.With over 700 reviews there isn't much else to say, other than that Pequod's is the best pan pizza I've ever had. The caramelized cheese around the crust, the sauce, the pepperoni - all absolutely fantastic!This place is amazing...I am not sure what is up with the whale with the thong on its face but the pizza is heavenly!They bake their pan pizza in a cast iron pan so the cheese gets burnt on the bottom--might sound gross but its really good.The staff their is really nice and patient... I recommend getting garlic on your pizza it adds a little kick!Small place. Great pizzas!Do not let the humble exterior of this restaurant fool you -- the pizza here is absolutely fantastic!A few friends and I stopped by here last night before our movie across the street. Talk about conveniently located! We were hesitant to check it out at first because the outside makes it look a bit run down. Imagine our surprise when we found that Pequod's is not only nice inside, it is ENORMOUS!The menu is simple and straightforward. You can tell that pizza is their specialty. Why bother with a large extravagant menu when you can instead concentrating on perfecting one dish? That's not to say there weren't appetizers/sides on the menu, because there were. We just elected to ignore them.The pizza was absolutely PHENOMENAL! We stuck to a simple, large pepperoni pizza. It was one of the best pizza's I have had since moving to Chicago 3 years ago. The large pizza (thin crust) was easily enough for 4 or 5 people. The best highlight of the evening was when the bill arrived. A large pizza, 3 sodas and a salad came up to $30!You'd better believe I'll be returning to Pequod's VERY soon!Really good pizza...thin crust or deep dish.  Went there with a bunch of people after a game and they were accommodating.  Went back for a few drinks after a date and it was still good.  However, parking is sketchy around there.This is our go-to pizza place.  My favorite deep dish in the City.  And the owner and servers are so nice and hospitable!  My husband and I just love coming here!!Best pizza in Chicago! And very cold Blue Moon on draft. Inside is much nicer than the outside. GO AND ENJOY!The first time I ate Pequod's was when we had staff meeting at a clinic I used to work at.  At first, I was wondering what the char was on the crust (I'm not questioning why, but what is it?).  My boss said it was cheese, and that made it even better.  Their pizza was very unique, thin crust attributes ("accidental caramel crust", loaded looking) with the appeal of a stuffed pie (the more to love deal).  It was good, good enough to realize that I sometimes forget that it was a deep dish.  However, to me, the only thing that really got me interested in their pizza was the crust.  The cheese peeled/fell off often, that forced me to reset most of the pizza back on the crust.  And because of caramelizing, the crust was very soggy underneath.  Either way, interesting concept, tasty, but hard to overlook the flaws when you actually eat it.Best deep dish pizza I've ever had! The caramelized cheese crust was delicious. Also, the salad we ordered had cheese on it cut into the shape of whales, an obvious nod to Moby Dick. I love it!I forgot I had negatively reviewed Pequods in the past. Their delivery continues to be horrible but eating at the restaurant is amazing. Their pizza is one of the best in the city. Both the deep dish and the thin crust are so good (although I dont love the burnt cheese edges like everyone else does). So good. Love eating at Pequods. Worth the wait.Fantastic Pizza!!! I love there signature deep dish pizza with the burnt cheesy edges!  This is one of the BEST places for pizza in Chicago. The atmosphere is fine for beers and a relaxing, friendly night out. Great deals all week long! Please go when you get a chance. Heck, make an outing just for Pequod's!!!Let me start off by saying I consider my self a pizza guy. Before I ate at Pequod's, I considered Lou's as the best Chicago style pizza in town. While I still love Lou's, I will move that title to Pequod's! This place is amazing!. My buddy Rich introduced me to this gem one night and the rest is history. I haven't eaten deep dish pie anywhere else since. After I had it the first time, I had cheese, I thought wow this pizza is great. The second time I had their sausage and green pepper, even better. Since then, I have ordered it several times and it has been just as good every time. Even their delivery is excellent. The pie comes to my house steaming hot and I live in the loop, which is a fair distance from the Lincoln Park location. Anyway I can go on, but let me just say it is the BEST pizza anywhere!! Try this place, you will feel the same way. Enjoy!Get the deep-dish.  Don't bother with anything else on the menu.... this is the only thing that matters, but its hands-down the best in the city.  The best anywhere, in my opinion.The pizza was just fantastic...my brother- in-law said we had to try it so we went early on a saturday nite . It was just starting to get busy but we were able to get a nice cozy booth for two.Unfortunatley our waitress did not have much of a personality,but the pizza defininatly speaks for itself!!!The crust was just dark enough, the body was lite and airy ,the sauce was full of flavor and the cheese was browned to perfection. this place is a winner in my book!! looking forward to going back...Best Pizza in Chicago, hands down. I am a pizza lover, so when I was told about Pequod's two years ago I couldn't wait to put it to the test. If I'm out seeing a movie it is at the Webster Theatre which is right across the street, so a pizza and movie night is perfect for me. I have read that some people think they have too much crust, but I disagree. It's delicious and the way it is served, each piece remains hot. Another thing, Pequod's is so reasonably priced. Worth every penny! They will even hold your leftovers for you until you get out of the movie!My favorite pizza in Chicago. The caramelized, over cooked crust is super delicious. If you're tired of cornmeal crust, this is definitely for you. I can't think of a better winter food in Chicago.We've been to Pequod's a few times and I am finally writing a review.  This is Chicago pizza!  Be prepared to wait, however, because everyone knows about this place.  I recommend making a reservation.  You will still wait, but at least there is hope!  The pizza itself is a terrific deep-dish that comes out hot from the oven.  The place is beyond packed, but they have a secret upstairs that I just found out about.  Give it a try for great Chicago pizza!Great pizza and great atmosphere.  You can't go wrong ordering a pizza from Pequod's and watching hockey.omg. if you want chicago style pizza, you absolutelt can NOT beat pequads. Best deep dish eva!After a late night meeting, we decided to go to Pequod's recently due to good recommendations.I recall maybe going to this place years ago but I can't remember.  Maybe it was another pizza place nearby.We ordered bruscetta for our appetizer, which was very good.  The perfect portions for the two of us.  We ordered a sausage/mushroom pizza which was a great pizza, among one of my favorites around Chicago.  Wash it down with a cold beer and that makes me happy.Pequods is my favorite deep dish in the city.  It's next to Webster Place Theater, so often a go-to before or after a movie. (In fact, that's girls' night this week!)  It's a really big restaurant, with lots of TVs. It's roomy and lively.  There is a main floor and upstairs. (I like the upstairs the best.)  The deep dish is delicious. Yum. I love the sauce and the crust. I like getting extra sauce.Excellent pizza. I do like their deep dish. Good sauce, not too cheesy. One of the few pizza places where I have cravings for the pizza. I usually get a cheese pizza, or with spinach on it, easy on the cheese. Atmosphere is nothing too special... The table placement is a bit tight, unless you are at one of the tall tables in the front. Beer selection is ok, service is good.I'd give this place many more stars, but I only enjoy their food when I can get it.  I just can't grasp why the "delivery area" changes.  I have ordered from them before and they have delivered, when I call they ask if this is my name and my address because I have ordered from them before.  I called Sunday night, spoke with whomever picked up the phone (putting me on hold without putting me on hold).  So now I can hear everyone talking in the back, and people saying I don't see why we wouldn't deliver there.  Now a manager gets on the phone and tells me, sorry we can't deliver to you.  Why? I've been delivered to before.  Because we have to keep our customers happy....??? Wait what? I am calling just to talk and see how your Sunday night is going?  Nope... I am calling for PIZZA!!! So when I said I wouldn't ever order from them again, guess what?  The woman manager said OK.  Guess you guys must pride yourself on customer service.... Thanks for the past pizza pies Pequods, but I am in the service industry myself and everyone I talk to about pizza will never go in and patronize your place again.Best Pan pizza in Chicago!Fantastic Pizza!  Took the whole family and were treated very well.  Even the 4 year old loved the deep dish cheese pizza.  Great servers and fun environment.  Be prepared to wait for a bit for the pizza, but once it gets there you won't be disappointed.  We were looking for a great Chicago style pizza and we found it.  Reasonable prices and easy parking.Pequod's.....why did it take me soooo long to find you??  Our first date was slightly off when I was told it was the best pizza out there only to be taken by a friend to get the thin crust pizza?!  That was then and this is now when I stumbled back in and experienced the REAL deal DEEP dish pizza.  Yum....yum!!  Can you say carmellized crust.....that's right the crust is consistently and deliciously always carmelized in Pequod's fashion.  This is a tough choice as there are many options in the area but my crown goes to Pequod's for the best deep dish za' in all of Chicago.  Go for the pizza and stay for the beers!Great food and service that I'd recommend to anyone.Great pizza and the wait staff was very courteous. We went to dinner at 6 on a Saturday and there was no wait. Around 6:30 the place started getting really packed so we got there at a great time. Our only complaint is that we were at a middle high-top table and when it got packed people surrounded around the bar which was right next to our table. Other than that, I highly recommend it.Best deep dish pizza I have ever had. Hands down. No question.Best Deep Dish pizza I have ever had.First time trying Pequod's tonight. Amazing!! We will definitely be back.This was my first stop for deep dish pizza when I went to Chicago. We had a big group of 16, and they were very accommodating (we did call ahead). We ordered 4 large pizzas for the group with a variety of toppings, and it was more than enough. The pizza was delish, although I thought for deep dish pizza the toppings were underneath the sauce, but here they put them on top. The crust is the real deal here. They bake it in a cast iron pan, and the crust is perfectly done. I also had deep dish pizza again on my trip, and I found that I liked the inside of the pizza better elsewhere, but this place is definitely worth trying. They also have good local beers here, so make you sure you try some of those!Had a deep dish large pizza with 2 friends.  It took about 40 minutes to arrive on a Sunday night; was busy and worth the wait.  The pizza was excellent, with great flavor and ingredients.  We could only eat half so come hungry.The pizza was delightful. It was better than that of other deep dish establishments in Chicago.Cool place, decent pizzaMy heart hurt while eating this pizza-- and not for reasons you would think. Having read fellow Yelpers' reviews, I had extremely high expectations for Pequod's pizza.  But, sadly sadly sadly, this pizza is so very overrated. So, in addition to my heart, the hurt spread to my head because I couldn't quite fathom why this pizza is so beloved. It is a ridiculously thick slab of unappetizing crust (so much so that I sliced most of the bottom half off), followed by a nearly non-existent layer of cheese, slathered with sweet, chunky sauce (which was probably the only good thing), and finished off with a meager sprinkling of your topping of choice. Oh-- I forgot to mention that the outer edge of the crust is lined with black, burnt cheese which they call "caramelized cheese crust," but this can easily be achieved by throwing mozzarella, parmesan, or your preferred cheese on a hot skillet and letting it sit there until it burns. I adore pizza. Really truly utterly adore pizza. I do not know what this round concoction was. It broke my heart, made me unjustifiably fatter, and took $20 of hard-earned money that could have been spent on something more worth it.I love Chicago and I love chicago pizza and although I grew up in Chicago I haven't lived here in may years but I do get back on a semi regular basis.  Whenever I come to town I love to go to Pizzeria Uno.  The problem with Uno's though is that it is small and hard to get a table in a decent amount of time and the more people in your party the harder it is and longer it takes.  This being said I started to hear great things about Pequods.  I have to tell you I was skeptical at first because like I said I am a Pizzeria Unos fanatic.  I am so glad that we decided to check out Pequods this last trip.  5 of us went for lunch and we were walked through the bar which looked very cool and taken upstairs.  My first thought was this sucks, I hate being put into an overflow room but I found out that this is where most of the seating really is.  Because it was lunch we all ordered the killer lunch deal that they offer.  This is a one topping 7" personal pizza and it was served with either a beer or a soft drink for only $4.99, what a deal! I still thought because of the price it was going to be a watered down version of the real thing.  Boy was I wrong.  Small but awesome is what I say now.  We each orderd different styles.  I had sausage, mushroom (extra .95 additional toppings) green pepper and it was loaded with toppings and a really nice quality sausage.  Everyone at the table thougt that they ordered the best pizza and every one of us walked away with a smile and a full belly.  I did notice a few tables with a full size pizza and I have to admit that they looked unbelievable and can't wait to go back.  I have told a few people that this is now my new #1 and will be my go to pizza joint whenever I get back to town. Fun atmosphere, attentive wait staff and  GREAT PIZZA! All makes this a don't miss stop. Look at the pictures, drool and then make your way over here as soon as you can and have what I now think is the best pizza in town!we get the pan pizza with pepperoni usually, and some pepperoncinis as well, try that out...good mozarella sticks and house salad as well. i enjoy this place.I finally got to try Pequods the other day after I caught a movie. I heard so much about it so it was about time.  AMAZING!  Amazing pizza.. Great service! Definitely coming in one day for the lunch special! :)they have their good days, and off days....sometimes the pizza is GREAT....other times its like a totally different crew is making them , I'd like to see more consistencey ...I do love their pies though!definately worthwhile if you are looking for something different when it comes to pizza. they make their pizza crust from carmelized cheese. if you decide to dine, you'll find it roomy, clean, and nice widescreen televisions playing sports and awesome music channels. thumbs up.I had a hankering for a pizzeria with a pan pizza with caramelized cheese all the way to the edges of the pan, fresh toppings, a great beer list and a friendly atmosphere. I had heard of Pequod's and their infamous pizza so I made the trek down to Webster Ave. to indulge. I ordered a Belgium-style beer and they informed my that I get a free pint glass with it that evening. Nice. I don't remember the beer (I think from Goose Island or New Belgium) but it was cold and refreshing. After 2 or 3 (probably 4) pints of beer the pizza arrived, (pan pizzas always take between 20-30 minutes no matter where you). The whiff of the pizza as it was laid down in front of me was magical. Caramelized cheese, browned and crispy crust, toppings arranged perfectly and the server even dished out the first slice on my plate too. I also forgot to mention that the people watching in Pequod's, although small and cozy, can be quite interesting and fun too. Cold Beer, Caramelized Pizza, Great Servers and An Inviting Atmosphere, Pequod's is a great Chicago Pizzeria.Recently moved back to Chicago from Los Angeles & was craving PIZZA!!  Had heard good things from friends so decided to give this place a try!  Was not let down;)  I ordered a pepperoni, mushroom, & onion pizza with thin braided crust..........DELICIOUS!  Staff was friendly with the exception of Ms. Grouchy, the manager.  Will definitely order take out next time.pequods pizza is the best pizza i have ever had in my life!!!!!Rude staff bad pizza enough said.I was there last night sitting in the upstairs and a roach crawled along the side of our table.  I will NEVER go there again.  It's ashame because I love their pizza.yummmmmm - great cheesy pizza, thick carmelized crust.  oooh, my mouth is watering.  looks like all of nothing on the outside, but the food is great.  big upstairs too.  great for a pizza before a movie on webster.Everyone says that their pizza is one of the best, so I decided to give it a shot. While it wasn't disappointing, I was certainly not impressed. The pan pizza was a bit too doughy for my tastes. To me, Pequods is a place that gets more credit than it deserves because A. It is in a great area, and B. the people who go there are transplanted Chicagoans who have yet to have a great pizza.I am from Houston, TX and I have never had a deep dish pizza. I'm not even that crazy about pizza. However, after eating here I would plan another trip just to eat here again.  Amazing.  Just a plethora of cheeses and spices dancing on my palate.  I LOVED IT.I will only bring out of towners to try Pequod's deep dish. Other places are good, but Pequod's blows all the rest out of the water. If you read most of the people who reviewed and gave less than 3 stars you'll note that they all mention they didn't order the deep dish. There might've been a few that did order the deep dish - but you can't please everyone. Apparently, the trick here, is to only get the deep dish, otherwise, it's anyones guess how your meal will turn out. This place is great, in my opinion. My suggestion: Deep dish, at the location (delivery might render a slightly more mushy pizza), beer and one topping only. This is why I minus one star from the five star pizza. The toppings issue. They're $2 for each damn topping! $2 for onion?? Seriously - I should omit 2 stars for that sort of tom foolery but the crust is so good that I can't. I love this pizza. Maybe bring some mushrooms, onions and other easy to fold away in your pocket foods to top the pizza once it gets to you. :) But then that's just kinda weird. People might stare. Either way, this pizza is rock star!i wish there were separate ratings for food and service. the food was great. the service...well, the service left an amazing amount to be desired.i suppose to should say that it was the ending service, the girl in the blackhawks jacket, that came from behind the bar and in one fail swoop ended an affiliation i will ever have with the restaurant.  my best friend hosted a birthday party for her daughter and at the end, we all felt that we were really being rushed out of the party room. my boyfriend went to use the restroom and came back to find his beer gone. now that ordinarily is just cause for annoyance...however, we had been making trips up and down the back steps to load gifts and decor into the car. please note that we had done this same thing bringing the decor in and the only people who doing this were the friends of the parents who were trying hustle getting things out since, as i mentioned before, we were already being rushed. upon our, literally, last trips (there were 4 of us) down the steps to take the final things down. we were told we could not use the steps. it was a little confusing, as we had been using them for a half hour and had used them to bring everything in.but as we were walking the final things down, the dark haired girl in the blackhawks jacket sang down the steps "well, just wait until you try to come back in and youre locked out" meanwhile, my boyfriend was sitting upstairs and overheard her telling another server triumphantly, "well, just wait until they try to get back in, i've locked the doors and they are just going to have to deal with it." i'm not certain what rules we were breaking, as we had been using the doors several times. i'm also not certain why it mattered, it's a straight shot down and saved us from walking repeatedly through the entire busy restaurant with armloads of gifts and decor. however, what really was perplexing was the attitude of this dark haired bartender in the blackhawks jacket. it was as though she was happy to have caused us additional problems. as though someone who had just paid the bill for pizza and beers for a party of roughly 50 would not merit some polite consideration. at the time, we were so busy getting the cars and the kids loaded that no one had time to deal with the rudeness of the girl in the blackhawk jackets, but it was decided that we would never return there. If we were in the wrong, then we would apologize, however, to be treated so incredibly rudely for merely trying to do accommodate the feeling of being pushed out of the room quickly is insanely poor customer service and to be "proud" of causing your clients extra problems is indicative of someone who should NOT work in the service industry.i was beginning to think that perhaps i just don't like deep dish pizza, but after a friend raved about this place, i had to give it a try, especially since it's within walking distance of home. they load their pizzas with toppings, which is a plus in my book. i had a pizza with mushrooms, black olives & large chunks of sausage and found it quite tasty. i don't usually like burnt food, and the cheese on the crust does look burnt, but it was the most flavorful part of the pizza. the tomato sauce could use more seasoning, but overall better than uno or giordano's. i can't say i fully recommend the fried shrooms. they were standard fare, and though they weren't greasy, the mushrooms inside seemed a bit too juicy and bland. the service was friendly and fast though i think the place gets more crowded on the weekend. i'll be back or order delivery when i need a pizza fix.Yum! Pequods' pizza is delicious and definitely worth a visit.  It's not typical Chicago pizza, but if you're up for crispy pan pizza, this is the place to go. It's not as bready or cheesy as most pan pizzas around Chicago, but the burnt crust sets it apart than others. I would suggest ordering extra cheese because the cheese is kind of scarce without it. There is also a lunch special too which I like best because the pizzas are small making the bread extra crisp.I ordered their pizza by the slice (thin crust) and had to wait before getting it.  The bottom crust was crispy, thin, and charred (like a cracker) which I did not like. I also tried their deep dish, and it was nothing to write home about.Pequod's is without a doubt the best in Chicago pizza.  Whenever someone from out of town comes to visit, and I want to impress them with Chicago food, I take them here first.  Start things off with a bang.  More often then not, my guests will love the food so much they'll purchase a t-shirt from behind the bar as a keep sake.  The deep dish is good here, as good as a deep dish can be, I guess.  To me, a deep dish pizza is nothing more than a stomach ache topped with cheese.  You have to love this place for it's New York style pizza...so thin...so delicious.  The sauce is unheard of...I heard the owner traded his first born child for it....and the crust is just right.  Not too crispy, not too soft....but a whole lot of perfect.  Pepperoni and sausage is my favorite, but I will give you some advice, my dear pizza loving friend.  If you order Pepperoni, ask for "light pepperoni."  This will give you as much as you get on a normal pizza.  If you don't request this, you will find yourself drowning in a sea of hundreds of pepperoni....out of which you may never escape.omg!!! best pizza i have ever tasted!!! love this place...but i live in cali and cant come back frequently:( i will be back soon though!:)best deep dish pizza is chicago.  the crust solidifies it as number 1 with the carmelized cheese.Pequod's is my favorite deep dish pizza in Chicago.  This is as good as it gets!Pequod's Pizzeria is the best deep dish you will eat in Chicago.  It was even featured on the Food Network!  The lunch special is a must try!  You get a beer and a personal sized deep dish pizza for $5!!!!  You can't beat that.  Their crust is to die for along with the pepperoni.  If you are going to try and come here on a weekend night be prepared for the wait, but trust me, the wait is well worth it.  The bar is great to relax at until your table is ready.  They have amazing beers and the bartenders are very friendly and make great drinks.  If your not up for pizza, they also have awesome sandwiches (Italian beefs), great pastas, and the salads are delicious.  The servers are great and work very well under the pressure, I know I could never pull it off!Crispy baked-on-cheese crust. Definitely my favorite deep dish in Chicago.The lunch special cant be beat. Came here for the first ttime with the hubby for lunch on a Tuesday and returned with the whole fam on sunday. Pizza is great. It's not heavy and has a great  crust. Will be back soon.You can read everyone else's review for details. The pizza is great. End of story.the best pizza in chicago.  enough said.Was seriously underwhelmed, by both the pizza and the service. On Saturday at 6pm, we counted at least nine staff members, four of whom were just standing around the hostess station looking surly while we sat dying for refills. Pizza was eh; not really thin crust, more like a hand-tossed, and pretty bland. Breaded zucchini was good (little chips vs. the standard fries). Will not go back unless Potbelly's and Thai Wild Ginger next door are both closed.spinach and garlic. my favorite pizza, anywhereamazing deep dish and thin crust! crispy and saucyI'm visiting from California, so I had to see what real deep dish pizza is all about.  Pequod's has kind of a dive bar feel, which I like.  Brick walls and music blaring, ranging from old school punk to Johnny Cash.  The pizza was amazing.  It's all about the caramelized cheese.  It gives it an added tasty kick.  They were also very generous with the toppings.  I definitely had no regrets, just a happy belly.Not so great, but convenient if your by the the Webster theater and need a quick bite!!Anyone who thinks that Lou Malnati's or Gino's is the best pizza in Chicago is a moron. Pequods is the best. Don't bother with the thin crust. It really isn't anything special, but you can't beat the deep dish. I like to eat there and order delivery. It is always consistent. However, I was with friends who wanted mushrooms, which I don't love but I dealt with it. The mushrooms made the pizza a little soggy. I wouldn't recommend getting them, but every other time I have had this pizza (which is often) it is the best. The caramelized crust is fantastic.Delicious!! Excellent Service and fast delivery!!  We order them all the time and they have never disappointed us!  I also had a large group in there last week and the service and food were fantastic!  I wanted to treat some of my out of town friends to a great Chicago pizza and they loved it!!As a new Chicago resident I relied on Yelp for my craving for pizza.  (I am pregnant)  I ordered a pan pizza for pick up.  They said it would take 30 min.  It was ready when I got there. I live less than a half-mile away and waited about 15 minutes before I left my residence.  The pizza was great. I love the sauce, cheese, crust and the pepperoni!! I added jalepenos (to encourage labor :)) and it was delicious! My husband loved it too.    * Next time I think we will stay and eat it there, the atmosphere was good and they weren't very busy (its was mothers day).  I cant wait to try the beers on tap!probably the most dirtiest pizza place i ever been to,there was napkins,straw wrappers,and other stuff on the floor, my fiends and i sat at a booth and when i went to put my arm around my buddy to tell him something i got a handful of old pasta that seemed to be sitting around for a while,i ordered the chicken fingers with fries because i wasn't that hungry and the chicken had no flavor what so ever and the fries were worst, i asked for ketchup for my fries the waitress brings me four packets of ketchup and a bowl, didn't have a ketchup bottle,while i was eating my food i witnessed the waitress try to throw garbage into to the trash and she knew she clearly missed and didn't bother to pick it up, but when i seen the manager drop a knife along with a napkin both together,he just picked up the knife and not the napkin and they were right next to each other i knew this place is DIRTY.the only reason i gave it one star is because one of my buddies like the salad and said i'd be bogus if didnt give them at least one star.lunch special = awesome!i've lived in chicago for like 6 years now and have wanted to go here forever without any real excuse for having not done so... i finally went.  let's just say i wasn't wowed. maybe i was expecting too much? from my other food reviews, you can likely piece together that i'm the kind of guy who survives mainly on pizza, burgers, and sandwiches, which is totally true. so i've tried a lot. what i got: garlic bread, a pan cheese pizza, pitcher of beer. the garlic bread was pretty weak and bland, i could've gone to Jewel and gotten a loaf of Cole's that'd smoke this. the pizza was fine, not great, not bad. near perfect amount of cheese, tasty crust, carmelized edge as others have noted. the best part - no tomato chunks in the sauce. i hate tomato chunks and often have to pick at a pizza, esp.' deep dish' before i can really eat it. don't ask why, they just make me want to barf if i bite into one. the beer was exactly as ordered, it came in a pitcher. i'll have to go back and try again, maybe it was an off night in the kitchen...Not a bad place for pizza. The pizza is quite delicious. The atmosphere is nice too.So f'ing good. It's not chicago style deep dish. It's pan pizza. So delicious. I recommend eating there instead of getting carry out if you don't live in the neighborhood. The crust gets a bit soggy after a 30-min door to door transport. This is one of my favorite places for pizza.This place is finger lickin good!! Yummmyyyy, I loved their pizza and the crust is awesome. The place is always crowded but they seat you down pretty fast. The service is great and the food is delicious go and try it you won't be disappointed!Before I moved to Chicago, I had visited the city as a tourist and not knowing any better had waited in line for over 90 mins for pizza at UNO just off the mag mile. The pizza was good, but it isn't hard to find good pizza in Chicago. It isn't even difficult to find great pizza in Chicago. However, if you're looking for that slice made from flour,yeast, and god's breath, go to Pequod's. It all starts with the divine crust, the true foundation of any pizza. Theirs is deep dish, black around the edges, not burnt; caramelized. Yum, drool. They top it with super fresh veggies and meats. I'm fairly certain they make their own sausage, which is often the case with the best pizza houses. If you're finicky, you probably won't like this place. If you love exploring the best food, (not necessarily the most expensive or the most popular in your tour book) go here. If all this doesn't convince you, let me add that they usually have a good selection of local and/or craft beers on tap. Good beer and amazing pizza wins this girl's heart every time.Best Pan Pizza Ever! stop complatinng about the wait, this place is authentic so you will wait a while for your pizza!I tried for first time yesterday, and it was great. While the physical space could use some more ambiance, but the pizza was still amazing. It is now my 3rd favorite after Giordano's and The Exchequer. The service was great and I got my pizza in a timely manner. I will definitely go here again!their lunch spesh IS awesome.  you can't beat a five-dolla-make-you-holla pizza (plus soft drink of choice).  i ated the whole thang.  it was really yummy and hit the spot.I had wanted to try this pizza spot since the mid-90's when I first became aware of it. So I finally did on a Friday night, and boy was I disappointed. Surprisingly disappointed. Two of us ordered and shared the Pequod's salad and a medium deep dish sausage/mushroom pizza. The salad was OK. The pizza was just a big sloppy mess, in my opinion on a way-too-thick crust. Gobs of flavorless tomato sauce as if I were eating lasagna on top of baked bread. Just did not do the trick for me and I wished I had taken my visitor from out or town someplace else, like Lou M's or Bacino's. I felt as if I were in some college joint, maybe in Wisconsin, eating a bad version of Chicago deep dish pizza. On the positive side, the service was good. And the price was right.  But it's just not this boy's cup o' tea when it comes to 'za. It's a rare occasion that I eat deep dish pizza, so when I do, it won't be here.Tasty deep dish pizza. Haven't tried Burt's yet so I can't compare the two, but all of us enjoyed Pequod's very much. Lou Malnati's was my friends' previous favorite deep dish, but all of them stated Pequod's is their new #1. The crust on the bottom is crisp, almost crunchy. Highly recommend getting your pizza topped with sausage. Large pieces, nicely browned on the surface, not overwhelmed with fennel seeds. Favorite part of Pequod's deep dish is the bit of cheese baked on the crust. Some people have suggested ordering their deep dish with extra sauce and extra cheese, but I thought our pizza had a good ratio of cheese, sauce, and toppings. Five of us easily demolished a large sausage, mushroom, and onion deep dish ($23.50). Skip the garlic cheese bread appetizer, and eat more pizza. I didn't have the religious experience with Pequod's that others have proclaimed, but I thought their deep dish was fantastic and certainly plan on returning.This is the BEST deep dish pizza in Chicago. I am not a sauce person, but this sauce is crazy good. The crust is so good and caramelized. Delivery sometimes takes 2 hours. Pick up is about 1 hour. So if you are starving beware about the wait. This place gets very busy. I have been coming here for 12 years and their deep dish has never changed. It is always the same delicious pizza. Best in Chicago. If you have not gone here you have definitely not tried the best Chicago deep dishWow, really people? I ordered this pizza based on great reviews on Yelp. Where are you people coming from? This is the worst pizza I have ever eaten in my life! The deep dish pizza has 1 inch of dough with a little bit of sauce and meat on top. The sauce was like tomato paste out of a can! No cheese to speak of except for the burnt cheese on the edge of the crust. Horrible! Got it delivered and it took more than 11/2 hrs. They said 1 hour. No thank you! Lou Malnatti's is still the best!Good crust but lacking flavor in the sauce.had a nice pan pizza and bottle of chimay here about a week ago. service was good and the pizza was great!it's deep dish, but not so much that you feel disgustingly heavy afterwards.  super tasty toppings.  i left my crust and was told by someone i was with that i should eat it.  i didn't realize there was caramelized cheese on there!  i'm so glad i didn't miss that feature of it, b/c it was really yummy!  i was visiting from out of town, and this was a really good "chicago style pizza" choice for me to go to.I'm giving this 4 stars because it's my second favortie pizza in the city.  My favorite is Art of Pizza, which has a deep (dish) place in my heart.  The carmelized cheese is what makes this so tasty and unique.  I love the sausage and jalapeno and they have some tasty beers on tap.  If it's your mission to try as many Chicago Pizza joints, this needs to be on your list!  The only thing that stinks is the street parking, can be a little difficult in that neighborhood.i can't believe there seem to be endless amazing pizzerias in chicago.  i get it already!  the pizza at pequod's is super delicious.  the burnt carmelized crust is the best part.  it made me feel real full real fast, though.  after an order of cheesy garlic bread, i could only handle one piece!  i also love the atmosphere.  it has a great feeling to it; like a perfect place for "family night" but without being lame.  i can't wait to go again.after hearing that this was the favorite deep dish pizza place of many friends and acquaintances, i expected a little more. i am a big crust person, and i didn't really love the crust here. from what i understand, if you don't really like the buttery crusts of other deep dish pizza proprieters, then that's a reason to love pequod's. it was good but not the best i've ever had.Maybe it was a bad day for them, maybe the staff is int he middle of post Christmas doldrums but we had a horrible experience here.  Where to start?  We walked in at lunch, when someone finally noticed us standing in front near the front we were directed to sit in the only blind spot allowing a view of the TV's despite ample additional seating.  Upon asking for another seat eyes rolled and uncheerfully relented.  After taking our drink and food orders it took a good ten minutes to get our drinks despite a sparsely filled restaurant.  We began to notice that we were seriously getting hungry and checking the clock.  After attempting to flag down our waitress we got the hostess who we could see visually scrambling to even find our order in the kitchen.  She eventually sauntered back and said it would only be another 15 minutes and it takes 25 to make a pizza.  I explained our wait was already 40 minutes to which she disagreed despite not even being our waitress.  I told her that we came in as sportcenter came on her main TV, that means it was 12pm it was now 12:43.  She asked if I was sure and I explained I had been watching ESPN for 15 years so yeah I am pretty sure.  10 minutes later our waitress finally came with our pizza and took our drink refills about 20 minutes past the time they were empty.  Now at last we had the long awaited pizza that I had long heard was the best in the area.  In a word it was crap, well more like uncooked crap. I am not sure not being a chef at any time but I assume all the cheese should melt and the crust should not be doughy enough use as pool stick chalk in a pinch. The Beef was nasty, the peppers were fresh a week ago at best and the sauce was cold in patches.  It was atrocious and beat out the service for "worst in show" of this circus act.  I can understand being off at times but at lunch? With a half filled restaurant?  It was amateur hour in virtually every way, never coming back to this mess again.While most rave about their deep dish pizza here, the thin crust might be one of the best in Chicago. The Scene: 2 floors. Bottom floor is a bar type atmosphere...with a bar and tables close to each other. 2nd level more spread out. This place gets very crowded. expect to wait...possibly an hour at times. I have been seated right away during the week but the weekends can get very busy especially being right accross the street from Webster Place Movie theatre.Food: The thin crust pizza to me is one of the best in the city. Cracker thin type crust while the toppings are placed on top of the cheese to give a perfect char to them. They also have a deep dish pizza which many like as well. You will also find many appetizers and salads on the menu. They also have a good bar selection.Staff: Fairly attentive. Never really had a problem. Check this place out if you want a great pizza. Again, you will wait to be seated, and you will wait awhile to get your food. Check it out!just got a pepperoni and sausage pizza last weekend - cant beat it! usually order it extra well done so thick crust is nice and crisp.great pizza, fun venue. catch a movie at the amc across the street and come late (it's usually pretty busy and ALWAYS loud, so coming late cuts down on the people noise). yum.I must say, that based on the pizza here, I would give this place 5 , but as for the service, not so much, starting with the good.....the pizza is definitely one of the best in chicago, if not the best, my tastebuds get confused when it comes to this topic because both lou malnatis and pequods  makes every one of my tastebuds in my mouth send climactic signals to my brain. so i cant really pick a front runner. what this pizza brings that others dont is that perfectly carmalized crust.  at first glance you think its burnt, but its not, but is it?? then you take a bite and realize, burnt or freakin' not, that it one hell of a crust.. now as for the bad, the service, I feel like i am doing a crime not giving this place a 5 star review based on the pizza, but the service was really poor on multiple occasions....this definitely doesnt stop me from eating their amazing pizza, because you can always take out.......not nearly as good as Lou Malnatis, not even close! the pizza was okay..neither my boyfriend or I liked the burnt crust and the sauce was just okay. i wouldnt go back, i'd rather eat Lou's any day! cool atmosphere thoughI've been a fan for many years so just wanted to give stars where stars are due!  Awesome deep dish pizza with caramelized crust.  Hard to beat.This is the first place I've ever had deep dish pizza from, so I have literally nothing else to compare it to, but I can honestly say that it's the best pizza I've ever had. The cheese on the edges is delicious and caramelized, the toppings were amazing (mushrooms, sausage, black olives), the cheese on top was perfect, and the whole thing was just delicious. I'm a pretty big guy and two slices off the media pizza had me stuffed, and that's even after I ate lightly all day in anticipation for this Chicago gem. The crust is also perfectly crispy, which is just how I like my pizza. Absolutely wonderful.great pizzaNot really worth 5 stars for me, but on account of it being the best Chicago style pizza from my limited experience, feel it would be wrong to give it less. I grew up in New Jersey and am not usually a huge fan of deep dish, but this pizza was extremely good.I tried for the first time today.  I thought the deep dish was delicious.  Will be back often.the best! i've lived in chicago for 16 years, and eaten a lot of pizza. and although i'll always prefer thin-crust (i eat pizza for the toppings, not the crust), i gotta confess that pequod's is hands-down the best deep-dish i've ever had. nothing even comes close to their carmelized cheese crust (which somehow isn't overly dense) and zippy, not-too-sweet sauce. it's pretty far from my house, so no delivery - boo! - but sometimes the cravings are so strong i'll fight traffic and make the trip. it can get crowded on the weekends, so go early, or try a weeknight.we go every few weeks.  it is the best....  you need to get extra sauce on the pan pizza's that is the key!!!!this is my favorite pizza in town. worst thing about it is the ambiance at this location.i much prefer the morton grove pequod's.The pizza's fine, I guess, although we hardly got to enjoy it because it arrived 40 minutes after we ordered it and had to stuff it down our throats to avoid missing "Inception." The waitress almost acted shocked that we needed our food faster than 40 minutes after we ordered it to make a movie. Uh, you're right across the street from a movie theater!!! Shouldn't the first question be to anyone showing up, "Are you going to see a movie?" It's literally the closest restaurant to Webster movie theater. I can get delivery pizza to me in less than 40 minutes and yet I couldn't get pizza in a restaurant in 40 minutes. I certainly would never go there prior to a movie unless the movie started past 9pm and I was there for lunch.my favorite pizza delivery spot in chicago, beware if you don't like a really thick crust - you may not be as huge of a fan.Great pizza - never dined in, but always get it delivered.  You want toppings?  This place is probably king for toppings because its toppings overload, but that's a good thing.  If you want sausage, I think you can order the wheel of meat (layer of meat), or have it crumpled.  I've always have either the pepperoni only (a couple of co-workers are touchy like that) or the SMOG, which is the Morton Grove location's abbreviation of Sausage, Mushroom, Onions, and Green peppers.Compares nicely with Lou Malnati's and Gino's East as far as deep dish pizza is concerned, but still hold its own as being unique, so I can't say its better or worse than, say, Lou's.Otherwise, the pizza is such that you can get full from one or two pieces, regardless of size of the pie, and the taste is grand with the pizza sauce, cheese, crust, and the purposely burnt edges which is cheese - don't like the burnt cheese, take it off.Delivery is almost always good, as they will get it to you within 60-90 minutes; such is deep dish pizza for the long times but worth it.People taking your order is pleasant to deal with, though the web site is a bit spartan.Recommended for pizza lovers!Oh yeah, this location has been renovated from a fire, so it should be nice and up for business already.This pizza is fine, but not for me.  The pan style for which they are well known, is not my  favorite, so admittedly I have a bias.  The sauce had decent flavor but was applied sparingly and I found the cheese lacking.  Ingredients seemed fresh and the little "char" on the edge of the dough/crust did have good flavor, but overall the taste and flavor of your average bite was lacking.  If pan style is your favorite - I prefer thin crust and deep dish more - then this place is probably worth a try and you may find it a 3 or 4 star - but otherwise, I wouldn't bother.I love Pequod's Pizza, but I had to give them one star because their delivery is HORRIBLE!  They have messed up my order at least 3 different times when I ordered pizza from them for delivery.  The pizza is amazing, but they just can never get their delivery right.......it's really sad!  I ordered a vegetarian pizza and the guy brought me a pepperoni pizza! I almost threw up from the smell of it!  Then, when I called them to tell them about how I was delivered the wrong pizza, they put me on hold for 10 minutes to figure out what they were going to do and then finally asked me if I wanted a "credit" for next time.  I told them, Hell NO! Tell your delivery man to come back and take this pizza and give me my money back!  They have very poor customer service on the phone.  My suggestion is to dine in, Don't order pizza for delivery from this place!Original idea with the burt cheese on the edge of the crust. Pretty damn good too.bleh... not as good as hyped... 90% bread 7% cheese 3% sauce... the only thing i likeded was the burnt cheese crust, if it wasn't for that i would've gave it 2 starsPequod's is quickly becoming one of my favorite pizza joints in the city.  It is a unique pie.  The crust appears to be burnt around the outside, but that my friends is caramelized goodness.  The crust is truly tasty and the main thing that sets this pizza apart from the rest.  The sausage is some of the best I've had on pizza before.  They are also very generous with their toppings.  I know a lot of people are calling it Chicago-style pizza.  I don't think that is quite accurate.  You really can't find another pizza like this in Chicago.  It's one of a kind and that is why you should try it at least once.Delicious! My favorite Chicago pizza place. Food is always excellent, good staff and delivers late, what else could you ask forHave eaten there and ordered takeout a number of times.  It's good!  I like the deep dish and the thin crust.  The deep dish is really unique.  There is cheese cooked into the crust.  It's also a bit "doughier" that Lou Malnati's, which has more cheese.  It can also be a bit pricey for pizza.  $2 per topping, which adds up.  Especially for someone like me who prefers a lot of different toppings.  My only complaint is the onions.  I feel like other places cut them differently and cook them into the pizza better.  But I still love this place!s  5 stars!After reading about how great this place was, I decided to have a medium three topping pizza and a six-pack of coke delivered to my house.  I couldn't have been more disappointed.  The pizza arrived cold and they charged $9.00 for a six-pack of coke.  What a rip!   The bill was over $40 not including tip.   The pizza after I reheated was okay, but by far not the best.  It's not even in my top 10.  Maybe it's better if you eat it there.I love my Pequod's. The carmelized cheese on the crust puts this at the top of my Chicago pizzas list. It also helps that I've never waited more than ten minutes for a table (of course, I eat during grandpa times, but that didn't help at Gino's East). Decent beers, decent atmosphere, good salads, but you're here for the pizza, and it's the best there is.My favorite deep dish in Chicago thus far. They bring out the pizza in the pan and the crust is good as well, which you don't always get. There is burnt cheese on the edge that is good too. There are plenty of toppings and sauceBest deep dish in Chicago.Paquiano's is a good good day.  That buttery crust really hits the spot.  However, I've had mixed results as far as delivery times and it's still not as good as Lou's.  It's a unique pizza that I will get once in a while.One of the best pizza places in Chicago..  period.What to order: DEEP DISH!Simply the best pizza ever.best. crust. ever.TRY IT.The deep dish pizza was fantastic! We got pepperoni with extra sauce, and it was really flavorful and not too dough-y. Don't bother with the thin crust variety; it's just not worth it. Too much crust on the rim, and too much dough in general for what you'd expect from a thin crust pizza.I've never heard of caramelized crust until trying Peqoud's. Woww, if they sold the crust alone, I'd pay. I'm not usually a big fan of deep dish pizzas. It's been a few months since I've dined here, but I remember that the service was good and quick, my cup of joe never went empty. I'll have to make another round here soon.The thin crust is dull and tasteless. I guess I was suppose to order the deep dish but, I will not try this pizza again.Pequod's has the best pan pizza. We usually get the pan sausage/pepperoni.  The thin crust is excellent too. The thick crust, topped with alot of meat. As good as it gets.Went to Pequod's for dinner.  Was not impressed.  Got a small thick and a small thin.  It was not thin.  More like hand tossed.  Had no real flavor.  Thick was OK.  Not worth it by any account.Pequod's is a great spot to grab some pizza and a beer, especially if your headed to a movie around the corner.  Their personal deep dish pizza's are filling and very reasonably priced.  All in all another great spot to add to the arsenal of Chicago deep dish places.Had the most amazing deep dish pizza there. Went there a week or so ago when I was friend in town visiting from out of town. We went there like mid-afternoon and by the time we left around 3ish, the place was packed on a Saturday. Maybe everyone eating there was hungover from the night before and was eating a late lunch? Not sure. Anyway....my friend lived here for 5 yrs before moving out west. When I asked her what she wanted to do when she was here, she had go to Pequod's pizza on her to do list. Seriously. it was one of the 2 serious things she had planned. I had only been to this place maybe like 4-5 years ago on a date. The pizza was good, but the date was bad. And I only had the thin crust. This time 3 of us ordered a medium I think,. which was six pieces in total. We got sausage and green pepper. It was AMAZINGLY good. We all ate a piece there and then took a piece home with us to eat for lunch the next day. Would totally recommend it to anyone who wants real Chicago pizza.Never disappoints.  I order the medium, pan, cheese.  Always good.I don't even like deep dish pizza very well, but this is the best pizza on the planet.  Eat it there if you can.  Take home is great but there is nothing like eating it fresh out of the oven.Badass pizza.  The crust is amazing. There sausage is very savory and tasty.  If you like appettizers their fried zuchini are also really tasty.  The restaurant though is really weird since it gets incredibly crowded on the weekends.  You should be coming here for pie, and nothing else!!!Best deep dish pizza in Chicago.  PERIOD.  The caramelized crust is great.Best pizza in Chicago. Done.The pan pizza is the best thick-crust pizza I have ever tried, bar none.  The broiled cheese crust in ingenious, and they apply no shortage of toppings.  All for a reasonable price.  Great atmosphere as well with TVs playing sports in just about every directionIf you like a pan pizza with a thick (at least 0.5 inch) doughy bottom layer of crust, little cheese, little sauce, tiny outer crust/edge, then this is the place for you.  I'm not a fan of these types of pizzas with the thick bottom layer of dough.  I like a good sauce and would like my pizza to have decent layer of it, but this one had little.  I had a sausage, pepperoni, green pepper, and onion pizza.  The sausage was ok and came in big chunks (up to 2 inches long), the pepperoni was large but thin, and the veggies were decent size and good.  Their caramelized crust was like taffy in texture, nothing special.  I felt that the pizza simply had way too much dough on the bottom.  I, too, heard much hype about this place, I just didn't care for it.Pequods is by far the best Chicago pizza.  It doesnt get the recognition it deserves.  The part of the crust that looks burnt is the best part.  Only thing they can work on is the service.  Our waitress wasnt friendly or attentive, and it wasnt busy.  But overall this place is worth the mediocre service.This is the best pizza in the city.  I like the deep dish sausage or the thin pepperoni.  If it was healthy to do so I'd eat it every night of the week.best deep dish pizza i have ever had for sure, love this placeNot a huge fan of Deep Dish in general, but of the Chicago Deep Dish joints this is probably my favorite.  I went there with a group of people on Sunday night and we were able to get a table pretty quickly.  Also, if you're not a big Deep Dish eater, they have thin crust (it's actually more like regular crust) pizza and it's really, really good.Before I discovered Pequods, I was a stalwart supporter of the Lou Malnati deep dish, but the caramelized cheese crust is the best I've ever had. Its nary burnt and is complimented by a saltier, sweeter, sauce than Lou's.  Its cheaper too, and the kitchen's open til 2am most days allowing you to gorge late at night. The lunch special, a personal pan pizza, is size of almost two slices and comes with a pint of beer or pop for 5 bucks. The staff is always super nice, even late as hell when you think you're being a bother. Calling ahead is always a great idea when ordering deep dish otherwise you'll  have a 45 min wait.  This place is hands down my favorite deep dish pizza in Chicago.BEST DEEP DISH PIZZA IN CHICAGO PERIOD.....  The size of the toppings are very generous.  We usually get green peppers and it comes with large slices of peppers.  The best part of the pizza is the burnt cheese around the edges of the pizza.  I wish there was a way to just get the crust and a sauce to dip in.  Excellent.  Only one issue in all the times I ordered and it was there was not enough sauce on the pie.  If you like a lot of sauce I would suggest asking for extra sauce.some of the best deep dish in chicago; however, I only give 4 stars because I prefer more sauce and less breading. The toppings are awesome though. especially the sausage. and... have some of the best outer crust ive ever hadBlah--do not order their thin crust pizza by the slice! I ordered a slice with pepperoni, mushrooms, and black olives. The man said it would only be 7 minutes...cool! When it came out it looked like they already had a pepperoni pizza cooked, and then just threw on mushrooms and olives on top and threw it back in the oven for 5 minutes. It was really gross because the mushrooms were still raw. I will have to go back to try their deep dish everyone raves about.Pizza was great, but the service wasn't very good.  It took me 30 min. just to get one beer.I was disappointed by Pequod's...had heard so many great things that I was expecting something really extraordinary.   I thought the pizza was too heavy, too doughy, too many toppings.  For deep dish I really prefer My Pie, which has a much lighter crust.Delicious!  I regularly crave this pizza.One of the best Chicago style pizzas I ever had.  The best part is you can get great pizza without dealing with all the tourists!  I highly recommend this place.Best Pizza in Chicago hands down...their house salad also has an awesome dressing.  Check out their lunch deal on weekdays...amazing bargain...just 4.95 for a personal pizza and a beer!Very let down. I was promised the best pizza in Chicago by so many friends. When I finally got "the famous pequods Pizza" they had raved about, it was mostly a lot of bread and very little sauce. I'm a big fan of pan and deep dish Chicago style pizza but this just did not live up to the hype. The crust was very good, but there was just too much of it compared with the rest of the toppings. There are many places in Chicago I would try before Pequod's.Great pan pizza which I like and my husband loves the thin crust.  Waitstaff always  nice.Best pizza EVER!! Pan pizza w/ pepperoni, mushrooms and garlic is the way to go. Super friendly staff, cool vibe and delicious pizza!Best Pizza in Chicago.  Nuff Said.Excellent pan-style pizza.  The crust really makes it, but all of it is top-notch.  That ring of burned cheese is tasty, though not mind-blowing by any means.  The sausage is very good, better than Malnati's.  Service was solid.the greatest pizza on the planet.  forever and ever.  amen.Great pizza, unique crust.  Regarding the 'mysterious' whale mascot, just read "Moby Dick."  The namesake Pequod was Ahab's whaling ship the Melville novel.  You're on your own with the panties, however...I have no idea.The place was about half full when my boyfriend and I got there, but they still put us at the smallest table in the place, right next to the wait station. No thanks. We moved to a slightly larger table.  Ordered our pizza and after waiting about 35-40 minutes, a man came to our table to explain that our pizza had gotten burned, sorry but it will be 15 more minutes. Okay, stuff happens. So we wait the 15 minutes, then another 10. Finally a pizza comes to our table, and it's the wrong pizza. We ordered thin, it's thick. Waited over an hour from the time we ordered and never got to eat, because they screwed it up not once, but twice, and I wasn't about to wait around for a 3rd screw up. We got an apology and they gave us a $15 gift certificate (which seems a bit scant for such a royal screw up), so at least they felt bad about it, but I'm not going back.Go Monday through Thursday, and you will not be disappointed.  The pizza may be the best in the city.  If you want it on the weekends, consider getting it as pickup/to go unless you have time to wait in line.  :)I am a firm believer that dinning at a restaurant is more than about just the food. It is an experience and for that I am giving Pequod's a bad review. The food itself was good although certainly not the best pizza in Chicago. The reason I probably will never go back was the service. I arrived at this establishment on Saturday night and as expected there was a line. I asked for the wait time and was told 45 minutes. That's a long time but this restaurant's notoriety preceded it and I was willing to wait and wait I did. After an hour I asked approximately how much longer the wait would be and I was told 15-20 minutes. Feeling very discontent but understanding that the majority of the laborious task of waiting was already completed I opted to stay. Wait...Wait...Wait...I ended up waiting for almost two hours. Was the host appoligetic? No. Was the owner? No. Did the waitress blame us when our pizza which we had preordered was late? YES! It's unfortunate that I had such a bad experience as I had heard a lot about this restaurant and it was a letdown to be so disappointed. There's better pizza and service out there. Don't settle for Pequod's.If you like your pizza greasy and thick and meaty, you will be in heaven. Otherwise, it may not be for you. Check out their lunch specials- they're a steal!We will NEVER go back!  So this is the second year in a row that I had a decent sized group go to Pequods to celebrate my birthday.  Last year, although I had called to confirm my reservation numerous times, they did not have enough seats for my whole party, nor would they have even been able to fit everyone at one table, so part of my group had to be separated.  A booth opened nearby, so it wasn't the end of the world.  For some reason we decided to go back again this year (probably just because pizza is an easy thing to deal with for a big group to share).  Again, I had called numerous times to confirm everything with our reservation to ensure we did not encounter any problems.  I was assured everything was ready.  We got there early/on time for our 8:00 reservation, and were told that there was another party seated where they were planning on seating us, and we'd have to wait for them to leave.  There were 10 of us waiting around and it was HOT and CROWDED.  There was nowhere for us to stand and they apparently did not know how to regulate the temperature in the restaurant.  FINALLY, after waiting 45 minutes after our reservation time, we were seated (probably because after 35 minutes I finally asked the party that was at 'our table' if they would be leaving any time soon, which I would NEVER normally do, but at that point we were pretty hungry and pretty pissed, and the manager clearly wasn't going to do anything about it).  All of that being said, I understand sometimes things like that happen, but ALWAYS when I've been in a situation along the lines of the restaurant screwing something up, they've tried to do something to accommodate us.  This manager (Sean) only offered to pick up the tab on ONE pitcher of beer (again, there were 10 of us who had waited 45 minutes for our table, plus another 20 for the pizzas we had pre-ordered), and even that was only after I had asked him to do something for us.  Seriously? The best you could do is one pitcher of beer for a party of 10 people?? Pathetic.I will say that I actually felt bad for the waitress.  She was VERY nice and I wish her all the best in finding a much better place to work than Pequod's, as I can't begin to comprehend why she (or anyone else for that matter) would want to work there.In any case, we will NEVER go back to Pequod's after that AWFUL experience.  There is MUCH better pizza out there with MUCH better restaurant management.The best deep dish Chicago pizza hands down!!!  The cheesey carmalized crust is to die for.I came here on a Sunday evening  to try the famous carmelized crust. Because I arrived at an off-peak hour (5pm) and was with only one other person, we were seated right away without reservations on the second floor. I prepared myself for a long wait, so my dining companion and I ordered some Goose Island and jalepeno poppers to pass the time. The poppers were pretty good. They were filled with cheddar cheese, and although I prefer the cream cheese jalepeno poppers, these were hot and cheesy and fried and really, what more could you ask for?Our spinach and garlic deep dish arrived about 45 minutes later. We decided to go with spinach and garlic to compare it to Giordano's, whose spinach and garlic pizza is out of this world. This pizza was also excellent. The actual cheesy-garlicky-spinach part of the pizza probably wasn't as good as giardano's because the amount of toppings was kind of weak, but this is not to say that it was bad. It was still delicious. The crust, of course, was insanely good. Chewy, crispy, doughy- all at the same time. How is this even possible? One of life's great mysteries. Make your life easier by anticipating the long wait for the pizza and avoid waiting for a table by making reservations or going at an off hour. Enjoy some beer while you wait, and then dive into some incredibile chicago-style deep dish!Amazing!!!!  The pictures on the site make me want to order it now. Best deep dish in the city!Our favorite deep dish pizza in Chicago, especially with sausage. We go here every time we're in town.I really wanted to like Pequod's, but I can't say that I do. Honestly, I think I would rather have the bland tourist trap pizzas (Giordano's, Gino's, and Uno) over this. Great deep dish needs a good sauce, cheese, and a good crust at a minimum. Here's why I think Pequod's is merely alright--nothing special. Pequod's sauce is pretty unremarkable, I don't think it had much of a taste quite honestly. My deep dish did not have much cheese either, considering most competitor pizzas put up to 2" of cheese in a deep dish. Finally, my biggest complaint about Pequods is the crust! I know alot of people rave about it but I thought it was gross. This is not pizza crust, it is like a spongy cake! To me, pizza crust should be buttery and crunchy, not cake-like and bland. Oh, not to mention it looks and tastes burnt. However, Pequod's fans call it "carmelized." Like I said I wanted to like it but I just don't understand its appeal when there are so many better options in Chicago.Best pizza in the city. Better at the restaurant than delivered.OOH that carmelized cheese.  The elusive 5 star pizza award is once again handed out to Pequods.  2 locations to serve you, one in morton grove for the nw people and one in the city on webster.  quality and continuity is the same at each location so feel free to go wherever is closest.  IF you do not like deep dish pizza, keep moving, this is their specialty.  lets look at the pizza, shall we?  First thing you notice is that like true deep dish pizza (ala uno/due) it is served at your table in the pan it was cooked in, this is very important as the hot pan continues to crisp the pizza as you wait for your next slice (pinoccio's in niles could take this lesson) so your za never gets soggy. Second, it looks like it should, lots of oh so good carmelized cheese on the edge of each slice.  Thirdly, toppings are GENEROUS and excellent.  Truly a sausage lovers dream, but the other toppings are just as good, just not as stand out.  I am pretty big pizza eater, but 2 slices of pequods and I'm done.  I'd reccommend sizing your pizza with a 2-3 slice expectancy.  Also, pequods pizza has a great ability to be reheated and lose very little of it's original flavor.  I attribute this to the low moisture content of the dough after it cooks, but who knows for sure.  morton grove is a small place, but you can call ahead before you get there to get the pizza going.  Chicago is a larger operation, but parking can suck.  I know chicago will deliver, not sure about morton grove.  Waitstaff in MG is very freindly.  If you have out of town guests who are dying for unos/due's but you hate going downtown, feel confident with this fine representation of Chicago's Classic Deep Dish.awesome! great pizza, great service, friendly staff... love the music videos on the flat screens. love the guy with the long hair who will pat you on the shoulder and tell you to have a great night as you're leaving. this is the place we take people for the best pizza they'll ever have.came here yesterday with some friends because they never tried Pequods before. we were seated by the entrance which kinda suck cause whenever ppl leave or enter the restaurant, a cold breeze would come to us. we ordered french fries and a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms.. the fries came out first and was kinda disappointed because there was alot of ketchup packets on the side .. i mean what restaurants still used ketchup packets instead of a bottle besides fast food places like McDonald's and burger king.. the fries was just ok. after awhile the pizza finally arrived and the person that brought it out would serve it to our plates.. it was delicious! out of all the pizza places i have gone to, i love Pequods the most.. my friends think it was good too.. it tasted fresh and they didn't cheap out in the ingredients like most places do. the service was good too... we will be back soonthis pizza kills. so delicious!My family and I have been fans of Pequod's for decades, and I've never written a review on Yelp before. But I just had an experience worth sharing. White taking refuge from a thunderstorm, I decided to have lunch at Pequod's. I ordered the special which is a drink and personal pizza. When I was about half way through, a guy who had not been my server asked if I would like another drink. And I said sure I'll have another Diet Coke. He neglected to mention that you don't get free refills on the lunch special. So my 6 dollar lunch went up to $8.57. I realize this isn't a huge amount of money, but I strongly feel he had an obligation to tell me I would be charged for another drink. When I asked the hostess after I received the check, she blew me off. A smarter business move would have been to have taken the charge off and apologized. But I guess they don't care about customer relations.  The whole act just struck me as shady, and I will probably go to Malnati's more often than Pequod's...no matter how good their pizza is.amazing pizzaI've always heard so many good things about Pequod's for years but never tried it until a few months ago. Sadly, we were very disappointed. It wasn't bad pizza because there really isn't such a thing as bad pizza. However, there is such a thing as average pizza and Pequaod's in my opinion was that....just average. Nothing on this pizza stood out to me as being anything special. I was hoping to love it. From all the good reviews I've read, I expected to love it. After finally trying the pizza, all I could say was "this is it"? Again not that if was bad or anything like that. The problem was it was very average and forgettable. I think there are far better choices out there and I believe some of the hype and popularity of Pequod's is just that. It almost has the feel or gives the impression that it's cool to go to Pequod's so that's why people do it. Would I go again if only based on the pizza? No.