This place is super crazy busy!!!!!  Yes, the reviews talk about the food being very large portioned and tasty... that is true.  However, one thing that realllyyyyy got to me was their service.  They were not kidding with their customer service intentions.  The owners literally come by your table to make sure you are ok... confirm it, validate it, and make sure you are really sure you're ok. haha.  I totally respect restaurants who run their businesses with their customers not only being #1, but at the top of the pinnacle.  I was planning to send management an email on this very important aspect in the customer experience and to commend them for being persistent about it.  (Sometimes it is not easy dealing with so many people, especially at such a busy busy busy place like this one.)  Because they took their time out to do such rounds, no matter how busy everyone is, no amt of stars will be able to make up for just that alone.When I visited, I made the mark to not get on the long line.  There was a local reporter interviewing the owners, so that already says a lot.  Meanwhile, the overall bathrooms and place were clean.  The staff is always doing something, yet they were still able to attend to me and my requests, tee hee ( I know , i'm so demanding.. ehhehehe)The porkchops were crazy tasty and their coffees were friggin' HUGE like a football. haha.   Catfish was very fresh.   Fried chicken was also fried to perfection. yummyyyyI came into the Breakfast Klub and felt very welcome.  The staff here definitely helped provide a great experience eating here.  As seen by the name, this is a "breakfast" spot, especially by the fact that it closes at 2pm on a daily basis.  My experience coming here with my friends was great.  We were greeted outside (since there was a line) and the hostess gave us menus and explained their platters to us. You come in, order and pay at the register, take a number, and then take your seat and wait for your delicious food. I ordered what seems Breakfast Klub is known for, their chicken and waffles.  Upon having this platter, I have to say that it was definitely on point.  The fried chicken was very crispy, just how I like it, and the waffles were a nice touch.  The strong flavor of the fried chicken complemented well with the fluffy waffle.  I also was able to try their sweet tea, which I definitely miss when I lived in the south before.  I could not get enough of this sugary tea!  Oh, and I also took a bite off the green eggs and ham, along with the catfish and grits.  Both were also tasty and I was especially impressed with the catfish, that was sooo good too!I would like to mention again how great the staff is here, they are a very likable crew.  I had that "soulful" vibe coming in here and overall the Breakfast Klub does it right!Just watch out for the very small parking lot though, you likely have to either park on the street or paid lot nearby (no worries, the paid parking lot is cheap).I'm going to throw out a controversial statement: I don't like waffles. Like at all. That being said, I have not tried the Breakfast Klub's Waffles and Wings combo. Still, I'm a fan of TBK's other breakfast offerings, particularly the Breakfast Special. Eggs, your choice of meat, breakfast potatoes or grits, and a biscuit or toast. Scrambled eggs, two hearty slices of fresh turkey, flavorful breakfast potatoes, and a buttery biscuit are where it's at. I've also been very pleased with the prepared coffee drinks I've ordered at TBK.Only downside is, of course, standing in line in the Houston humidity. The warm and welcoming staff helps. I also tend to feel rushed when I see a line of people waiting for a table. The staff at TBK don't add to that feeling, though; totally self-imposed! TBK is worth the wait. Stop by on a weekday if you can.There is a lot of hype about this place....and for good reason! I've been there several times. Any time I have friends In town I take them there and we always leave happy.  I would have to say my favorite plate is the pork chops and sides. Ohhh MY Gawd! The pork chops are huge! And they give u 2!!! Most times I go for a grilled and fried option Just because I like to have e a little variety. Lol the sides are made just right. No special spin on the traditional collards yams and etc just plain GOOD.  The customer service there is also a plus for me. It is always a down home vibe which is something I definitely can appreciate along with my southern homestyle cooking. And lastly, a Friendly warning: (there's normally a line :/) A long one...depending on the time you go. Normally the line can wrap around the bldg. Just be prepared when going on the weekends! :)Even with over a thousand reviews I still believe the breakfast Klub deserves 5 stars. I remember when this place first opened and to this day the food is good as ever. This is a feel good family type of atmosphere.  This place has grown and prospered so much and I proud to give the Breakfast Klub 5 stars. It a really deserves 10 if you ask me. I live in California and every time I visit Houston I must eat breakfast at the breakfast klub.Ok. What can be said that has not been said?This was hands down THE BEST fried chicken I have EVER had. Evvvvveeerrrrrrr. Write it down. The waffle was so fluffy and perfect. It was if they bottled up the feeling of joy and turned it into food. I don't want to leave here as I sit and write this. I would wait in line any number of days to eat here.The crew was amazing. Helpful,polite, and happy. I mean you look around this place and it's just a joyous setting. The owner greeted us before we sat down, the people in line were so nice and sociable. I can't imagine a better atmosphere.Bring your wife, kids, family, friends, and everyone you know here..wow.Amen.After all the yelp hype about this place I have read I had to try it.  It was ok. I got the waffle. Again it was ok.  Honestly nothing special.  I really don't understand why people rave about this place? Is it, or was it just a fad or did I order the wrong thing?Why SO expensive?? It seems the average meal for one here is @ $20The chicken is fried to perfection. It's not overly greasy and has that perfect crispiness that all chicken fryers strive for. If they had a cajun seasoning option I would be in heaven.Probably the only complaint I have is that the waffle is nothing special.Definitely come here during the weekday as the lines on the weekends are too long!Yes this place is very unique, and Yes the food is great, and Yes they obviously focus on service, and YES I wll go there again.  But let me tell you why!I've eaten at the national famous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles, and the Breakfast Klub is so much better!!  So much Better!The food here has plenty of flavor, unlike Roscoe's, and there's a good focus on servies.  OK...the wait you have to endure to get into the place is unbeleivable and is the only thing that will keep my from going more often, but if you see a line that long, with ethnic people in the line, the food is probably very good.  Great food,  great service,  good atmosphere. .. what more can you ask for?I went around 9am on a Tuesday morning and avoided the usual long lines. Although I wasn't amazed by the waffle, the chicken was good. The potatoes were delicious and the servers are very friendly. The atmosphere is relaxing and the space is clean. I felt like the food was overpriced so it's not somewhere I will be visiting often. Overall, I was satisfied with my experience.Put me down as a fan of the BC. Although we won't wait in the line in the weekend, we enjoy going if we can get a weekday morning free. I get catfish, my wife likes the green eggs and ham.Anyway, believe the hype and not the haters.The food is good... 1 hour line... it's not completely awesome... 1 hour line... the only thing is... 1 hour line... is that you have to wait for about an hour in the hot sun to eat it. They do their best to make it worth the wait, and they offer iced coffee and little lemonaide drinks while you wait... sometimes they even have basketball in the parking lot. Just be ready for the hour wait... for breakfast.I'm always surprised at how popular this place is especially when there are plenty of fantastic brunch places without the 2hr wait time.Ok, the Chicken & Waffles were pretty decent, but any brunch place that serves me orange juice in a bottle is just asking to be demoted.  The price is also just a tad bit high for the quality that you receive (just my opinion).BK is a Houston institution, so I'm sure my review won't change the course of this train.  However, I suggest you take your out of town friends somewhere else if possible.Fantastic service, food, atmosphere.  I don't even like waffles normally but these guys know how to cook!!!Forget your alphabet, the letter C does not seem to exist here. It's about the K!Well most people KOME here are raving about their wings and waffles. BUT I WILL NOT KONFORM! Please try their Katfish and grits (you KAN sub potatoes instead of grits). The fish is SO krispy, moist, and well seasoned. It will KLEAR any suicidal thoughts you may have. It may even KURE your marital problems. It's THAT good. I accidentally tried it and I think it's better than the wings and waffles.The price is on the higher side, but it is so worth it. This is not your typical breakfast place such as IHOP or Denny's. This place KANNOT even KOMPARE to Egg and I. This place serves food for the soul, dayyuuum-good breakfast. Some things I think KOULD be better: 1. Koffee: sometimes i think the koffee could be a little more fresh. I feel like they've been sitting there for quite a while. Sometimes they taste fresh though. 2. How KONDIMENTS and other stuff are far away. You need to stand up and walk the walk to this area and get all the thingamajigs you need (syrup, kondiments,  utensils, napkins, and KOFFEEEE).OMG my head hurts from so much K's.This place is so good! Chicken and waffles are to die for!  Expect to wait in line for a while. There's usually always a crowd but for good reason!Gotta throw my glass of water into the ocean with this review.This place is amazing. You will have dreams about it after you eat here.Helpful advice:  - Come for breakfast as soon as you can - If it's open, and you're hungry, it's the right time - Keep your cardiologist on speed-dial - The line moves fast, just jump in, and be nice to Mary - You have to try the classics: wings and waffles & katfish and gritz - After the classics, explore the rest of the menu, it's great - The coffee is great too - Go there nowFried Catfish for Breakfast? You gotta be kitten me!But that is exactly what I ordered because that's what real Texans have for breakfast. Wash that all down with their bottomless coffee and you'll be bouncing off the walls like a junebug in the Mississip' on a warm summers eve YEEHAW! The place has been traditionally self-service with very efficient and kind expediters that will always check up on how you're doing. The grits have an odd jaundiced tint to them credited to the loads of butter they put on it but if you can get past that they are superb. It can be easy to fill up on the Goliath-portioned sides but don't forget about that giant slab of perfectly battered and fried catfish. No garnish is necessary for their flavourful catfish that is light and flaky filet as it blesses your tongue. Can't wait to have another opportunity to come back because I could eat at this place again right MEOW.Ok...you absolutely can not leave H-town without stopping here for breakfast!  The atmosphere, the music, the service and THE FOOD are all AMAZING.  The Breakfast Klub gives you the entire experience....you really don't mind the long line waiting to get inside.  The greeter lasy that comes out to chat with everyone is the SWEETEST person in the world!  The owner is always there and comees out to greet everyone and chat with each person individually.  Its a great touch that adds so much charm to Houston.  I always order the chicken and waffles and have never been disappointed!  Anytime I am in Houston, this place is on the agenda....FOR SURE!  When I was there yesterday, the owner bought 100 tickets to THink Like a Man to treat his loyal customers and to support the movie!  I just love that!Great job and kudos to ALL of the staff at the Breakfast Klub!  Love Love Love it!!!!Love Love Love I'm always have the wings with French toast, so delicious, both are one of the best I have ever tried, plus they serve AH-mazing coffee! In huge mugsBest experience ever! Even before I walked in the door the waitress handing out menus in line was so kind! The GM Terry greeted us at our table and asked how the food was! DELICIOUS of course - best fried chicken EVER! I got the chicken with grits and eggs!I also tried the white raspberry mocha which was sooo good! But I couldn't finish it because I stuffed my face I definitely recommend this as a good experience In HoustonKan you say Krappy?For a $40 breakfast with ZERO mimosas, having to pay for parking, & needing to wake up early to beat the crazy crowd- I'm truly underwhelmed.Nothing we ate was really above average, just boring meh stuff you could make on your own. I will say that the fried chicken wings were pretty tasty, but not tasty enough to carry this brunch out of overpriced & overhyped mediocrity.Such a disappointment! Baby barnaby's officially has no rival for the best brunch in Houston. All hail baby barnaby's!Not fancy and you have to stand in line in humidity, then get your own syrup, but the breakfast was delicious.Well my review isn't about the food, the food is delicious. The price and the wait, holy moly! Good luck finding a free parking space on the weekend, and even after you find one be prepared to stand in a ridiculous line for about an hour. Hungry yet? I bet you are! Now the best part, chicken and waffles $20....Yeah, its good but not good enough to spend $5 on parking, an hour of standing in a line and then paying $20.Its an experience that is fun the first time, but paying that much and going through that much crap to eat is not worth it the 2nd, 3rd, ..... time.I don't like to write bad thing and this review wont make them go out of business but I just don't get it.  It really is not that special.  If it was not crowed then maybe I would go more often.  I sure as heck would not drive from a far to eat here.  It a fine place, eggs and bacon how can you screw that up?  Most breakfast places are more $ then they should be but this place it way to expensive for what it is.I have had the pleasure of eating here maybe 4 times in about 8 years. I have only gotten the chicken and waffles when I come and I add a side of scrambled eggs($5) and a coffee($4). While yes I do believe they have some of the best chicken around, the waffles, eggs, and coffee are average.It is a good place to go and check out at least once but I don't feel it is worth $27 a person especially when you have to drive around 2 times to find a parking spot and stand in line for at least 45 minutes.Geeze, this place is so overrated! The lines are always long and the food is overpriced and mediocre. $40 dollars for breakfast and this is not including tip. The only good thing about this establishment is the staff. Please save your money and go to Bengy's for some chicken and waffles.I'm not the biggest breakfast fan, but this place was pretty good.  We did have to wait about 20 minutes outside to get a table.  The line had always been daunting, which is one reasons it's taken me so long to try this place out. The line moved really fast. I ordered the gravy and buskuits. The gravy and biscuits were really good, but they put pieces of sausage links in the gravy that weren't my favorite.  My friend got the green eggs and ham that was really delicious.  The manager came to ask us if everything was good and was really nice.  I would go back, but I'd probably post something different.I'm a southern girl and my biggest complaint about the DC area is the food. I'm constantly disappointed by the places that claim to specialize in southern cuisine. The biggest fail is always the fried chicken. I'm always better off just frying my own at home. I say this to say--I know my fried chicken.While visiting Houston last year for a wedding (and yes this review comes VERY late but I'm reminded of this place as I plan for my next trip to Houston in a couple of months), I stood in the hour long line to try food at this popular spot. My boyfriend has been raving about it since his last trip to Houston, and so I wanted to try it--even though I usually don't share his view on what constitutes "good food".  I ordered chicken and waffles with a side of grits. Oh.Em.Gee.  It was so good that I closed my eyes, said "mmmm", and chewed as slowly as possible.  I also LOVED the artwork that was displayed on the walls--especially the one of my love, Andre 3000.  Loved the feel of this place. Loved the food. Definitely will be back there on my next trip to Houston! Don't be discouraged by the line. It's so worth it.I've always heard about this place and finally went there for Sunday brunch with some friends. We arrived around 11 and the huge rush had not started yet, though we still stood in line for close to 30 mins. They were very efficient in moving the line however. Once inside, felt a little let down because the food looked like ordinary southern breakfast food--didn't look like it was worth the wait or the $$. BUT I WAS WRONG. The food was delicious. I got the Waffles and Wings, French Toast, and a Cafe Mocha and it was all wonderful!!Oh man, these chicken wings! More, please!I came here with my cousin after church last weekend--best brunch choice EVERRRRR!! Okay, that might be a tad hyperbolic, because to me, brunch isn't brunch without mimosas, and they don't serve those here! Other than that, the food was fantastic! The parking can be tricky, but I managed to snag a spot in the small lot just behind the restaurant. The line was long, but not as bad as I was expecting, and I only had to wait about 30 minutes. They are considerate enough to have some pop-up tents set up outside, so customers can wait in the shade, and it just so happened that some entrepreneurial girls were selling lemonade that day. **Side note: if you are meeting friends here, your entire party has to be present for you to be seated. People seem to be pretty good about one person holding a spot in line for their entire party.**When you get close to the entrance, employees will hand you a menu so you're (hopefully) ready to order by the time you get up front. You order and pay at the register, and the cashier will give you a number to take to your table. It didn't take long for us to get our food at all, and it was nice and hot when we got it. Lord forgive me, because I'm pretty sure all decorum went out the window when those wings and waffles appeared in front of me! SOOO good! The wings were hot, crispy and flavorful, and the waffle was delicious! (I went to another restaurant with a friend where we ordered chicken and waffles and it did NOT go well, so I admit, I was a little nervous at first). The employees make sure to check on everyone while they're there, which is a nice touch. Before my cousin and I left, completely unashamed of our full bellies, I bought some of their seasoning to take home, and I've been using it on pretty much everything since! It's delicious, especially on potatoes!I will most CERTAINLY return!Glorious, soul food goodness.Yes, the rumors are true. The line does wrap around the building during the busy hours of the day. HOWEVER, it is definitely worth it to stand in that line (if you have the time..and even if you don't have the time, you should stand in line and skip everything else that you're doing). I've stood in that line that's wrapped around the building and I've also parked and walked straight in with no wait before. It really does depend on the time that you go.Their signature dish, well what I think is what they are known for, is the Wings & Waffle. The wings have so much flavor and are juicy. They compliment the waffles pretty well. The waffles taste fluffy and unless you pour the entire container of syrup they give you onto the waffles, they will not be soggy.All in all, if you have the time, definitely put this on your list of places to try.Great breakfast food if you like atmosphere and lively people watching... and oh yeah Chicken and Waffles are yummy too.Bon Appetite!I have only had the chicken and waffles here but it's great every time! The only negative side is having to wait in a long line but it's well worth it if you've never had it before. I wouldn't compare to Roscoe's in Cali because they are two different types of restaurants. Roscoe's is a little more "fast-foody". Breakfast Klub has a great atmosphere and the wings are amazing with a little (or a lot) of louisiana hot sauce!This has to be one of my favorite eateries in town for a southern homestyle breakfast. It's a little pricey, but the portions are large. With that being said, plan to wait in line, and the later you go the longer the line. Keep in mind there is no where to sit while you wait, so if you have any issues with standing for 30-60 minutes GO EARLY. But, the line is soon forgotten once you sit down to enjoy the food; it is certainly worth it!If you like pancakes or french toast, I can suggest both; but, the pancakes are my favorite - EXCELLENT! The eggs are cooked to order and are always perfect. There are several coffee varieties so you can choose the strength of your choice (or mix them); and its bottomless cup. We haven't tried the catfish or grits, but I am told they are worth trying if either appeals to you.The food is absolutely delicious; however, finding parking, standing in line, finding/waiting for a table and then once you finish eating you can't linger over coffee and talk too long since they need you to leave because someone else is waiting for your table, and also that you have to serve yourself coffee and condiments, are the only reason I gave one of my favorite restaurants 4 stars rather than 5. I highly recommend this restaurant and we will be returning!Tip: There is a second parking lot one block over at Milam and Alabama.Always greeted with a smileThe coffee selections are greatcatfish and grits - yumeggs benedict - yumFrench toast - yumwings and waffle - yumWHOA. Okay, this is pretty much the busiest breakfast place in town and it's worth the time to go here! If you're coming to Houston, stop here for breakfast before you leave. There's not much to say that hasn't already been said. I got a giant waffle with turkey on the side and it was delish. I couldn't finish at all. We got there about 9am on a Friday and only about two or three people were ahead of us in line. We got lucky! By the time we left the line was waaaay out the door. I drove by here with my husband last weekend and we saw a line about 50 people deep standing under a tent structure. It was crazy. Get there early!Well, I finally decided to stand in line for this, after noticing that their sanitation report ( houston.tx.gegov.com/med… ) wasn't as bad as it has been at some times, although it's still nothing to write home about.Don't think much of some of their customers, particularly the ones in front of me.  Toddler kept hurling his pacifier at me, unstopped by parent.  Then parent would pick said pacifier up off the ground and stick it back in toddler's mouth.  Urk....!  Sometimes she'd hand him juice in a sippy cup.  That's when I'd move even farther away than I already was.Lady handing out menus to the people in line was very nice.If you look at their website, you'll notice they don't list prices.  There's a reason for that - they are ridiculously high.  I could eat at 51Fifteen and have a view and music for that much.  I stayed in line anyway, hoping the meal would be worth it even though I didn't really see how, given the looks of the outside of the building and what I could see of the inside.  People were drinking from styrofoam cups, for one thing - styrofoam at these prices???!!!!!Finally got in the door after a 30-minute wait.  I have to admit I didn't read enough reviews here, so I was expecting to be seated by a hostess.  When I realized it was order-at-the-counter, and looked at the mob in which I was expected to find my own table, I left.  I might try them early in the morning some weekday to check out the food, but, looking at the other one and two star reviews (which I should have looked at more closely before I wasted 30 minutes in that line), I think it would be an exercise in masochism.This review is from last year. Hated the long wait in line in the cold but the food was good. I had the pork chops and eggs. Pork was juicy and tender. Daughter had the chicken and waffles and really liked them. A must go Houston experience.If you want to treat yourself and friends special!! This is the place to go!  It has a New Orleans flavor to it in the festive atmosphere. If you have an eclectic palate  this is it!  Enjoy!!While on my weekend trip to H-Town with my bestie, I was told that it was a MUST that I try the infamous brunch spot, called The Breakfast Klub.  Now if you don't already know by now ... I love to venture out and try new places, especially southern brunch restaurants, therefore I was extremely excited about this recommendation. Me and my bestie decided to go early Sunday Morning, right when they open at 8:00AM. We left our hotel around 7:40ish AM to avoid a long line that wrapped around the building. Yes, this place is known for having people stand outside along the side of the building, just to indulge in some mouthwatering breakfast. Luckily we left early enough to arrive at The Breakfast Klub a little after 8:00AM, where we stood in very small line of about 10 people. We were greeted with menus, southern smiles, and awesome hospitality. A sweet little old lady, with a large personality gave us a welcoming hug and most importantly laid down the house rules. As soon as you walk in the restaurant you are directed to a register where you are able to place your own food and drink order. Next, you can pick up any additional condiments in the side pantry shelf, as well as make your own coffee. This process gave a really unique comfort feeling as if I was at my grandmother's house.I ordered the Fish and Grits, with a side of Cheese Eggs and a Homemade Biscuit. After doing my own personal Yelp research on the restaurant, I was well prepared on what I already wanted and these southern taste buds were craving the Fish and Grits. As soon as we took our seats, we received our food pretty quick, and it was steaming hot. The bestie had the 2 Fried Pork Chops, Eggs, Toast, and House Potatoes. Each presentation was nice; I really loved the multicolored plates and how my food wasn't sliding and gliding all over the place. We anxiously blessed our food in prayer, and straight dived right in. Literally... it was a moment of silence for both of us as we took multiple bites, it was absolutely amazing! Everything was well-cooked, well- seasoned, and well-prepared on our plates. Our experience was perfect, the service was excellent as the waiter constantly checked on us and even volunteered to take our picture.I will definitely make my way back to Houston just to relive this remarkable Breakfast Klub experience, but next time I'm ordering the Pork Chops! lolNo doubt their Chicken wings, waffle, and grits were good. Staffs were friendly. I used to love this place but not anymore because they are wwwwwaaaaayyyy overpriced. They increased the price every time I went there. From $10.99 to $12.99 then couple months later $14.99, really? I am wondering what kind of chicken and waffle mixed they used. Do you really need to charge that much to cover your cost? A breakfast for two cost me over $40. That's just way too much. I can find good chicken and waffle with reasonable price else where, and, don't need to wait for that long. You can keep the money but I won't come back.I have never had a better breakfast experience in my life. The food kicks ass. The staff is unbelievable. The owner is a very dynamic person. I can't emphasize how wonderful this place is. 5 star very special place.Good food.  Worth the price? NOPE.  I went by myself during the week so I had zero wait time and didn't have to worry about parking.  I walked right in and up to the register.  That's when a waitress asked me to come back to the front door because I "have to listen to [her] spiel".  I don't know why I couldn't just have heard it while standing next to the register.  Paid $3.75 for bad tasting coffee and spent $24 total including the tip for some French toast and regular cup of coffee!I really like the owners of The Breakfast Klub - Marcus and his wife are very lovely people. The staff is always friendly. But, let's be honest - the food simply isn't that great!There are a couple items on the menu that are often OUTSTANDING - the grits and The French Toast. The waffle is also pretty good, but nothing really spectacular about it.I've had the wings a few different times and as someone pointed out, they are most likely going to include some feathers. Additionally, they're often re-dipped. That means they fry the chicken and have it sitting and then when an order is placed, the put it back in the hot grease to give the illusion that it was fried at the time you ordered it. You can tell this by the taste as well as the amount of grease you encounter.I've had the catfish with the grits a few times and it's almost ALWAYS too salty and possibly sometimes re-dipped as well.You're definitely bound to see stars when you go, depending on the day/time. Everyone from athletes to Jay-Z and Beyonce eat here. My friend and I were seated at a table next to an athlete and his entourage once and I'd never seen so much food left behind before. When I asked one of the guys why he didn't eat the food, he explained that he had once owned a restaurant and the way the food tasted wasn't top quality and then he went on to include some of the things I previously mentioned. We decided to box up all the leftovers and give it to the homeless.As others have mentioned, the hype is the smoke and mirrors. Just because it's popular doesn't make it good - McDonald's is popular too. Additionally, charging top prices for sub-par food is really a disservice to everyone.We arrived with a party of 5 on a Saturday around 9:15 figuring there wouldn't be a line that early - wrong. We waited about 20min, which seems reasonable after what I read on Yelp. It was worth that wait, although I wouldn't wait for hours. I had the waffle with strawberries, eggs and bacon. It was really good, but honestly not that special. Some of my friends had the catfish & grits and the waffles and & wings and they said those dishes were delicious. The Guatemalan coffee was pretty bad, but there is plently of other coffee.Busy atmosphere, bit noisy so nothing romantic or relaxing.This place is simply the best. We ordered catfish & grits and an omelette. PERFECTTerry the manager came by to say hello and make sure we were doing good.love love love everything about it except the line which is always wrapped around the corner, but even the line has become part of the tradition!Fabulous food, friendly staff and even the coffee is really good which I can't say about most restaurants no matter how good the food is.  A classic favoriteAfter everything I had heard about the Breakfast Klub, I felt I had to give it a try. There had to be some reason for the long lines, right?Verdict: "Meh."Arrive early if you want to skip the long lines and crowded dining area; if not, though, it moves quickly enough that you won't end up waiting more than 20-30 minutes. The wait staff are extremely friendly and professional. An older woman hands out menus in line and explains the layout of the restaurant to streamline 'traffic flow.' The employees at the register are fast and efficient, but polite and helpful all the same. In the dining area, staff work diligently to direct people to open tables and clear up plates in a flash. You have to admire the ordered chaos at work. Basically, don't let this deter you from coming here.Still, I'm a little disappointed because I don't really see the hype. The Breakfast Klub has your typical breakfast food with a distinctly Southern twist; think waffles, pancakes, french toast, chicken wings, grits, bacon, ham, and the like. It's all very fluffy and rich, but at the same time, I'm not sure that it's worth $13-15 per plate or $4 for a cup of coffee for what is really pretty generic morning comfort food. I could get the same for less at any diner or chain breakfast place. At the end of the day, I didn't think it was worth the time and money, really.I'd recommend the Breakfast Klub as a good place to try, and then I'll leave it to you to decide whether it's worth coming back or not. Personally, though, I think I'll pass on a second visit.Great place - who could argue??This place is awesome!! The line waiting to get in sucks, esp in Houston heat, but the food made it worth the wait forsure. Not too pricey either which is always a good thingI decided to give this place a try after hearing all the hype. I visited on a weekday morning.  I was served quickly. That's a plus.  The food however was a huge letdown...kinda unremarkable.The atmosphere is open and airy, but the place is not comfortable.  From the too small, unstable tables to the blaring music I just wasn't feeling it. 30 minutes and $20 later (one cup of coffee, waffle and 4 chicken wings) I was glad to get on with my day.Food was good! Service was very quick, although somewhat unruly. I think this place gets a lot of hype and it is great, just not amazing.I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and was really impressed with the chicken feathers they were deep fried with the wings.  I was immediatly put off and didn't eat the chicken.  All the other dishes are good but the pricing is outragous.  I wonder if people are fooled into thinking it's a great place because of its popularity.  I also wonder if the longs lines outside have brought down the quality of the food.Excellent food friendly staff. Terry General manager is always walking around checking on youHighway robbery.  I ordered chicken wings and waffles, and a cup of coffee.  The total was over $20.  The waffle was good.  It tasted like a waffle. The wings tasted like wings, and the coffee, like coffee.I ate my meal, felt robbed, and left hungry.If you like a good southern breakfast, and don't mind waiting in a mmmm short line, then this place is where it's at!  I mean all those people are in that line for a reason.Lively atmosphere, and pretty good service considering all the activity inside; and the menu full of interesting breakfast and lunch dishes from the South.  Where else can you get katfish a la carte on the Sides menu?I love the food here, especially the breakfast special. The staff is always nice and welcoming, food is brought out quickly.Had the Chicken Wings and Waffles.  Second time I've been here (had the chicken and waffles both times).  Food was good although the wings must be refried.  My plate was out in less than five minutes.  No way you can cook them that fast.  Regardless the food was good.It is very pricy which is why I only gave it three stars.  $16+ for 3 whole wings plus a waffle with a water is up there.  Put in a tip and you're closing in on $20.Nice to try every so often, but the cost keeps me from being a regular.Great wings!  Next time I willl get them without the waffles thoughTo be perfectly honest, I am not much of a fried chicken fan.  A lot of the time, you either get a crunchy mess of grease and way too much batter, and then a sickening amount of fat or layers of dry, dry meat, or you get soggy outside, strange inside.  That said, I actually enjoyed the fried chicken here.  It was enjoyably greasy, enjoyably crunchy, enjoyably meaty, just overall very enjoyable.  Drizzle syrup over that waffle and let it glop accidentally or not quite accidentally onto the chicken, and you have yourself the prelude to a very, very nice morning.If you love super greasy comfort food, make a B line to the Breakfast Klub.  Lunch hour gets busy quick so be in line by 10:50am.  I had the crawfish pasta platter - mmmmm and once before I've had a breakfast platter with grits.  The BEST grits I've ever had.  Full of buttery goodness.  Great place for a change of pace.  Gets crowded really quick.  Be early and come with an empty stomach.We came here pretty early at 9 AM on a Monday morning and the line was out the door! I really wanted to go somewhere else but Joe convinced me that the wings and waffle here was worth it.  There was a worker who was going up and down the line, handing out menus. She was very friendly. The line moved surprisingly fast, before you knew it, we were inside! We got to the counter and placed our orders and easily found a table.The wings and waffle is their signature dish which has a golden Belgian waffle surrounded by 6 wings, topped with powdered sugar and strawberry. Add a little butter and syrup and mmmmmmmm! The waffles were fluffy and delicious! The wings batter had a kick to it. delicious! totally worth the line!For our second dish (even though the first dish was super heavy), was the Kountry sausage and eggs which had smoked country links with 2 scrambled eggs, grits and a biscuit. The grits were ok, I liked the eggs and the biscuit was a bit heavier than I was used to. The sausage was delicious and crisp!If you are in Houston for whatever reason and you haven't had the Breakfast Klub... You are missing out. The line is a bit long for Sunday Morning breakfast but well worth the wait. The people are ultra friendly and the food is obnoxiously good. Stop by.Loved every bit of it!!I went to Breakfast Klub during lunch time on a weekday and parking was bad considering the tiny parking lot. While I waited in line to order, there was a lady handing out the menu and had an overwhelming personality. Being my first time, I was studying the menu, and she just kept on telling me not to look to the other side of the menu since it was not offered at the moment. I told her I understood, but I was just looking. Then I proceeded to ordering my food and I felt a bit rushed. I was barely finishing ordering and the lady on the register was already extending her hand out for my debit card.The Chicken Wings & Waffles I ordered were tasty! The waffle itself was great! The chicken wings were good.Overall, I don't think I would come back here. The waffle was great but it was not worth the $35-40 dollars my co-worker and I paid for this meal.Honestly I don't see what the big deal is here. It's kind of like ihop but somewhat elevated. However, their raspberry mocha is delicious, but I can't say the same for their food.I really don't understand the fuss regarding this place.. it seems this is more a houston institution that everybody has to go to but honestly not that great imo... I have had better breakfast that could really kick this place's butt.. but.. well I tried it once .. not sure if I want to spend 20 $ or more for the same stuff I get at a lot of places anyways. .If you don't try the homestyle chicken and waffles with the fresh lemonade, you are most certainly missing out.Wings and waffle had been the only dish I've had from BK. That alone was worth the 2 hour wait that we had to go through on the first visit. Luckily there was not a wait when we went for the second time yesterday. The chicken wings are the star of the show. Flat out BOMB. Big, juicy, flavorful, crispy, fresh, piping hot... probably the best chicken I've had in the United States. The waffle was just eh. Personally, I like my waffle with a little more texture. BK's waffles are... just soft. Flavor is nothing special.While I want to give BK 5 stars because of the amazing chicken (I love fried chicken...), the so-so waffle and expensive price tag ($15 for 6 wings and 1 waffle) brings it down to a 4 star.  $15 For 1 meh waffle and 6 wings should tell you how great the chicken truly is...The wings are too salty, the food is too pricey, and the line is too long.  Not worth the wait.I have always heard good things about this place but never could get around to getting there. Why did I wait soo long. The place is very small luckily I didn't have to wait in a line that I hear everybody speak about. The chicken and waffles here were amazing. I can't wait to go back again!Line goes by quickly, even though it looks intimidating.  Food is absolutely amazing and the homemade lemonade is awesome.Those chicken wings!!! So well seasoned, and uniquely so. Slightly spicy, well breaded, flavor all the way through. The pancakes, eh, so-so. Fluffy, but something about the flavor, didn't hit the spot.The owner and staff were very pleasant. The line was outrageous, about an hour and a half wait after church. But food arrived quickly and piping hot after ordering.The condiments are self serve, wish the butter was whipped and room temp, hate hard butter on my pancakes. Syrup hot and tasty though.Food and drinks are pricey, close to $30  for two apple juices, an orange juice, 3 pancakes and 6 chicken wings.I'll go back on occasion, but definitely on a week day when there's no wait.I had been hearing so many good things about the Chicken and Waffles at this place so I decided it was a good time to check it out this past weekend. My friend and I decided to head over there about 1:15 PM thinking there wouldn't be a huge line since they close at 2:00 PM...boy were we wrong! We ended up waiting in line about an hour but it was a really nice day outside and we just chatted - I didn't even realize how long it had been until we got inside. Some waitresses would come out and offer menus and the staff in general we're very upbeat. (Plus we saw James Harden leaving right as we were going in!) I ordered the Wings and Waffles and a white mocha coffee. Both were absolutely delicious and completely worth the wait. I will definitely be going back! (Just maybe not in the heat of the Houston summer...)It's worth the wait! If you love fried chicken or love waffles and don't mind them on the same plate, then you'll love their chicken and wings! I've gotten it several times and have never been disappointed. Don't mind the line, it moves fairly quickly and you'll get your food within 10 mins of ordering. Enjoy!It was really delicious food. I ordered the chicken and waffles and my friend had the eggs and french toast which were great. The plates are pricey but delicious. I went on a Friday morning and there was not a line, but usually there is always a long line. Overall it was a fun experience.Delicious!!!Top-tier soul food. I have never left this place dissatisfied. Although there's a large line for breakfast, stop by around noon for a quicker wait and the same great stuff. The Wings n' Waffles are fundamental.Excellent!  Exciting!  The people there are really generous and friendly, definitely has a "homey" atmosphere. The chicken was a bit too salty for my taste, and a bit pricey.  The best dish: chicken and waffles was approx $ 16 per person.This is 360 degrees of superbness! I absolutely love The Breakfast Klub all the way around. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is wonderful. I definitely feel at home when I am here. The staff, including the owner, ensures that you are satisfied and everything is to your liking.It's worth the wait, I promise!  Try other things, while the waffles and wings are divine, there are other little gems on the menu!  You must have a Koffee too! I love the white  Moka!Great breakfast place.  I wouldn't consider this a real sit-down kinda place.  It's more of an authentic down home cooking place that's also very Houston -  you gotta pick up the utensils and condiments y'all.  After you eat, you wanna skedaddle.  Forget about relaxing and drinking your coffee for over an hour.Everyone raves about this place so I had to come and check it out. Maybe my expectation was too high but I wasn't super super impressed.The chicken and waffles was yummy no doubt, but the grilled chicken salad was way too salty, I wish I asked for dressing on the side, because fully dressed salad plus very salty grilled chicken made it hard to eat. My mom got their shrimp and crawfish étouffée which was decent.The staff was very friendly for the most part, one who accidentally bumped into me a little bit even gave me a side hug and made sure I was ok! BUT there was one waitress who came behind me and kept saying "excuse me m'am! ExCUSe me!" I turned around and she said loudly "we don't allow outside water here, you need to put it away now!" I had my half-full bottled water out for my baby to mix her food with, and had no idea someone would react so angrily to it. Since I was busy feeding baby and trying to eat I didn't put the water away the Second she said it, she raised her voice a little and said again "you need to put it away now!! We sell bottled water here and you can't bring outside water!" I had to ask my dad to put it in the diaper bag because my hands were full. I tried not to show any emotions in front of my family whom I haven't seen in a while and HiGHly recommended this place to them, but I was so darn disappointed in that incident. I wouldn't have minded putting the water away, but she could have been a lot nicer than That!Mmm! First off, I'd like to say that the chicken & waffles are delicious! That's what they're known for in Houston! Every time I come here, that's all I get. Maybe I should try something new next time, eh? The staff at this place is very nice. Well to me at least. The door lady is probably the most friendly. Always having conversations and whatnot. Line? I usually come around 12:00 and every time I've came, I've never experienced long wait times. Probably no more than 15 minutes. So that's good! Definitely will be back whenever I have the time.Best catfish EVER.  And I don't like catfish.  Biscuits and gravy?  This is the place!  Grits?  Yes! (but ask for real butter)  Eggs done right?  Yes! Beware of the line.  I make a point to go at 10:00 am on a weekday.  Otherwise it's heat stroke ... no kidding.Hands down - Best customer service EVER! The greeter in the front is friendly and informed us how to order and where to pick up the conidments and silverware.  Our order came out hot and fast. My friend scarfed down the catfish. He loved the battered crust. (You can buy the fish fry, chicken koating,  and waffle mix in the store or online). The potatoes were yummy and my eggs were cooked perfectly!  The staff is super friendly and stopped by our table numerous times to check if we were okay. ... Great Breakfast Experience!!I have a small confession and it's not pretty. But here it goes: I don't like chicken and waffles. I love all things breakfast and all things chicken, but somehow I never like them together. The Breakfast Klub may very well change all of this for me, because the chicken and waffles I've sampled here are as delicious as folks have hyped it up to be. Mind blown? Just maybe.One big knock that should be noted right off the bat: They close at 2pm. Every day. Even if you're not a morning person (which I'm totally not), it's worth getting up to dine at one of Houston's most popular establishments. Another semi-knock: There is a line. Practically every day. Patience recommended.Their most ordered item, chicken and waffles aka the star of the show, is as delicious as advertised. Crunchy crust on the outside, yet soft on the inside, the waffle with a light touch of butter and maple syrup is delicious all on its own. Add to it a perfectly fried buttermilk chicken wing, juicy and succulent by itself, is a lethal combination of tastiness. It is indeed a shining achievement, they could easily just serve this and call it a day.Thankfully, the rest of the menu merits a further exploration.  One particular item, a sloppy concoction of biscuits and gravy, is as hearty as it looks. The gravy is seasoned wonderfully without too much chunk, but plenty of creamy goodness that complements the fluffy biscuit bread quite well. Add to that a couple of perfectly cooked, runny over easy eggs and now you've got a hell of a meal.The same could be said for the catfish and grits as well as the eggs benedict. Both are equally rich, fantastically hearty, and are must haves for a group of varied taste. Homefries and hashbrown lovers might be disappointed at subpar execution of both items, but folks don't come here for either. Don't sleep on the omelettes either, there is plenty to offer and even more to eat. Then there is the bacon. Dat bacon. Goodness.If you're able to get up early and you're willing to wait it out, do check out The Breakfast Klub. Go with a group of hungry breakfast goers, bring your appetites and check your attitude at the door. It's going to be a fun and delicious ride.A quick review.  Hood Reviewer is going to make this very quick. IN-OUT..... Long lines.... Good food.. to pricy for me..... I give it 3 stars....... HOOD REVIEWER OUT..And if people that read my reviews and know the reason why i write short reviews. YA understand what i made it short.. . Hmm not my favorite spot to go..DUECES.One of our favorite places!  Worth the wait!I love this place. Absolutely everything is top notch, at least two managers stop by my table every time I am there and the places where most restaurants slack ( coffee and condiments, )they excel. There is a bit of a line to get in, but I have never waited more than 10 minutes.I love me some 'Wings & Waffles!'Not only has this place been ranked and talked about as being one of the best but it has been recognized as one of the best breakfast spots in the nation - making this one of Houston's pride and joy!PROS:--- They have been recognized as being one of the best breakfast spots in the nation by sources like, Zagat, Urbanspoon, Lonely Planet, CitySearch, Trip Advisor, and many more; as well as being mentioned on Good Morning America! --- They have delicious signature dishes like 'Wings & Waffles', and 'Katfish & Grits.'--- They offer freshly squeezed OJ! So good!--- They have several 'koffees' for the 'koffee' lover. --- It's a home style restaurant so you're going to get home style cooking AKA deliciousness in your mouth. --- If you become addicted to their seasonings, waffles, and/or 'koffee', no worries. You can buy those items and enjoy them at home. --- Food comes out fairly quickly.--- They have their own parking lot available for customers. CONS:--- Be prepared to wait, the line to get inside can sometimes take over an hour and remember this is Houston so keep the weather in mind. I like going when it's a nice cool day so I know I won't be dying of a heatstroke and/or the humidity. --- If planning to go, make sure to wake up early as they are only open until 2 p.m.. Which seems kind of late for a breakfast spot, right? Oh, but keep in mind, that line will set you back quite a few minutes, so be there early or leave with a broken heart and an empty stomach. --- Some people would argue that it's a little bit pricey but come on, breakfast is the most important meal of the day and this is one of the best. My boyfriend and I loved it! He got the vegetable omelette with a side of toast and his eggs were divine. I, of course, got the 'Wings&Waffles' and was in a Southern soul food heaven! He had to drive us home. I was stuffed.Be prepared to stand in line at this hotspot for breakfast.While in line we were given menus to decide which dishes to order by a very friendly hostess.Once we got to the counter placed the order for the waffle and chicken and klub benedict.Both dishes were very good but a bit pricey each dish was about thirteen dollars.Only complaint from girfiend need more bathrooms for the ladies.Delicious and awesome!!! I thought this place would be over hyped but I've been a couple of times and the wait is always worth it. Usually it's anywhere from 30 minutes to 1.5 hours, in the summer heat it's tough but the servers are always welcoming and offer water as you wait. I always order the chicken and waffles - best I've ever tried (and I've definitely tried my fair share). I also hear their grits and catfish are good so it's on my list to try. Service is quick, despite the large crowds, and they can accommodate large parties. I just wish they were open later!The customer service was just as good as the food will def be back the next time I am in houstonOn the Expensive side but every accommodating. Everyone was very friendly. Be ready to wait outside. From the outside it looks dirty but it's not too bad outside. Workers are nice....In the words of my favorite WWE wrestler, Daniel Bryan, "YES! YES! YES!" to THE chicken and waffles! One of my best friends came from out of town to run the ARAMCO half marathon, and I knew that The Breakfast Klub would be the exact spot to reward our running efforts and give her a taste of Houston! The only con that I could foresee was the wait.  We arrived at around 11:30 on a Sunday morning, and waited for about 40 minutes before getting into the restaurant. The wait was totally worth it to step inside the waffle-scented heaven. Service is super friendly. The moment we picked a table, our food was already out. To document our celebratory meal, two servers stopped and offered to take a picture for us. The general manager even stopped by our table to see how we were doing and had a brief friendly conversation.I cannot rave about the chicken enough! The batter is what keeps me coming back. It has the perfect combination of spices so that it is not too salty nor too spicy. The crispiness of the batter juxtaposed to the juicy, juicy meat is delightful! Adding the thick waffle and sweetness of warm syrup to fried chicken perfection creates a wonderful savory/sweet crunch fest! At the end of the meal, I think my best friend said it best, "If you guys want to come back here tomorrow, I am down."Great Texas Breakfast! Southern Hospitality at its finest! Went with a group of four and we all left very satisfied. The catfish and grits is not to be missed. The hearty klub was delicious! Don't forget to order the wings! Can't wait to go back. A must have when you are in Houston.Me and my family visited this place and it was soo good!! We will be back!  The staff are all great and the food was amazing!My friend and I had never gotten to try this place but have always heard great things about it., so we decided to try it for ourselves. Wait time. We came here on our day off for MLK day. Based on reviews, we chose to come around 10 am to be at the tail end of breakfast but still beat the lunch crowd. Good decision. The line was just about to go past the building, which means it's around a 30-45 minute wait. Not too bad considering. Time went by pretty quickly too. When we got in, the line was already well past the building and when we left at noon, same thing. Food. I wanted to get the famous wings and waffles but I also heard about getting it with French toast instead. Sooo my friend got the French toast and we exchanged some waffles and French toast. The waffle - 4 stars - it looks a bit smaller than other waffles, but it's actually a pretty heavy batter. I prefer your lighter waffles. The wings - 5 stars - super juicy and got a nice Cajunish batter but not heavy. and for some reason, the wings are bigger than their drumsticks. You get 3 of each. The French toast - 4 stars - delicious, and not too soaked? But nothing super special. Probably would get this over the waffle though next time. Service. Everyone there is super nice and sweet - to the lady who handed out menus while we waited in line, to the person who takes your order, to the guy who brings out your food. Once you order in line and find a table, your food comes outs almost immediately. Super fast!! There are also some people who come by to check up if you need anything and ask how you are enjoying your food. Since my friend and I are kinda slow eaters and were deep in discussion, we probably had someone come by and ask us if we needed anything at least 3 times. It was almost on the border of maybe we should hurry up - but there was still free tables around us. Other people must eat faster or just take it to go. I was persistent in finishing everything though and I totally did. Definitely would recommend that everyone try it out at least once. I'm not sure if I would come here too often though with the wait times, drive distance (when you live in the suburbs), and well...health reasons. :)Really great breakfast place.  I got the wings and french toast.   It did not disappoint.   The servers were all very friendly and courteous.   The manager even stopped by to see how we liked our breakfast.   I do not believe I heard anyone from our large party say anything negative about their meal.    The only complaint I have is the long line to get into the restaurant, but I am glad to see such a well run restaurant is so popular.     I recommend going if you are willing to wait outside for about 30 mins in the Houston heat to get a great meal.Love this place grits are better than I remember my grandmothers. Tip: plan to wait in line on weekend and holidaysFor the hype and the yelp rating i was expecting to be blown away... It was just OK. Breading on the wings and katfish too salty for my east coast taste buds altho the flesh was juicy and tender. Waffle soggy. Pancakes average. Biscuits buttery and crispy w toasting and gravy what I'd hoped. For an hour wait on a Sunday, no thanks. Leaving Texas carbed up!Good food. Great service.One of my all time favorite spots!  This place has amazing service, amazing food and amazing owners!!!  The hostesses always greet guests with a smile and on hot summer days, they put out tents, chairs and water for those standing in line.  There is always a long line, but the delicious food and drinks are well worth the wait!  They have a special homemade lemonade that is to die for!  I mean, it is simply amazing!  I love the Breakfast Klub and everything about it. I can't count how many times I have been and will continue to dine here!  AMAZING!!!!!!!!!Absototalutely do NOT like this place, came here with 2 stars in mind but when I saw all the same reasons quoted as I was going to drop, ..there you have it. Its all hype n loudness in bark, bite is womp. Have been probably twice when I was still new in town and knew not a soul. Theres an annoying 'line' and an obnoxious granny that mans it, she seemed to always have to make an announcement of me dining alone, second time I got it to go. The prices arent palatable or equatable to whats on offer and if I recall I got that 'heavy glob grub' feeling after eating there. I guess you have to be accustomed to deep fried cholesterol dripping fare to appreciate it... or maybe as previous entry mentioned they refry the refried goods UGHHHHHHHGHGGHK. I puke at the thought.The environment is pretentious at best, dark, dim and bunch of wannabe scenester ilk who clearly consider a chicken.waffle joint creme de la creme of eateries.re-pukeThe go to place for chicken & waffles! Great neighborhood vibe in the dining area. Just be prepared to wait up to an hour or so in line out the door, cause its that good!Their food is amazing. Anything on the menu is great but I personally liked the french toast since I have a major sweet tooth. Of course they are known for their chicken and waffles so you have to try it. This is a great place to take out of towners as their food is unforgettable and prices are reasonable. However expect to wait in line for a while to sit down since this place is always packed for breakfast. The earlier you get there the better off you will be!Came here on a Thursday morning, so there wasn't too much of a wait compared to if you try going on a weekend.  Right when we walked in, me and my friend's were greeted by a staff member who says hi, thank you, bye and converses with you while you're waiting to place your order.FYI, at this place, you place your order, they give you a number, than you take a seat.  I ordered the chicken and waffles, and man was it on point!  I've been to Roscoe's in LA, and had chicken and waffles back at home in the bay, and by far this was the best place I've ever had it.  My food did take a little longer than all of my friend's, but the staff bringing out the food did notice right away and checked on me instead of ignore me and apologized and brought it out.Would love to go back again, just as long as there isn't too long of a wait, but it's worth to come by and check this place out.BEST BEST BEST fried chicken and fries catfish IN THE WORLD! It really was worth the 45 minute wait out in the cold. The line does move and once inside, we ordered at the front and had no trouble finding a seat. Our food comes out almost immediately and there is a high turnover in tables. People be gobbling it up!!! Service is great too...very nice people. We also saw some Houston rockets players there too..Take away from this experience: fried chicken: AMAZING. Fried catfish: AMAZING. Hot maple syrup: DELICIOSO. Grits: had better in NOLA, but still good. And yes I did sucker myself and get the fried chicken and catfish batter so that i may attempt my own recreation of this glorious brunch.My husband and I had the pleasure of eating here twice. The staff is amazing. They definitely make you feel at home. On our 1st visit we had the chicken and waffles and it was absolutely perfect! The chicken is well seasoned and crisped to a perfection. The waffle was balanced well w/ a side of delicious syrup. The 2nd time we came here I ordered the chicken wings and grits. I'd have to say the wings with grits were much smaller pieces of chicken compared to the chicken and waffles. For some reason the chicken wasn't as good as the chicken and waffles. It didn't taste as fresh. I'm not sure if it's because our 1st visit was right when they opened and our 2nd visit was a little later, but the chicken sort of tasted double fried. However, I will not let that stop me from going back for more. I'm hooked on those chicken and waffles!For what it is, the Breakfast Klub is as good as it gets.While there is not a lot of local competition, the Wings n Waffles are great. My personal favorite, however, is the Catfish 'n Grits. The catfish is expertly fried and the grits are creamy and buttery. The breakfast potatoes are also excellent.My only complaints about the Breakfast Klub are that the wait can be excessive (show up early, ie 745 for the 8 AM weekend opening) and that it is fairly expensive (14.99 for the two most popular items).  That being said, the outside is covered for long waits and the food is excellent.Don't visit Breakfast Klub expecting to eat healthy and on a budget. Do visit Breakfast Klub expecting to have delicious food in a fun environment.I love going to breakfast here! There's always a long line on Sunday mornings, but it's worth the wait. The chicken and waffles are great!The best darn food I've ever eaten! I had the catfish grits special. Yum Yum! The service was great from the greeter outside talking to the people waiting  in line to the help at the table. Come hungry, but know you can only get breakfast on the weekends. I'd take a picture of my food, but I already started eating. You'll need a doggie bag for sure. Lots if waffle and chicken plates everywhere! Loved loved lived it! Really enjoying the city foods in Houston thanks to YELP!I went here on the recommendation of a friend and ending up waiting in line for nearly an hour (I got sunburnt!).  While the staff is super friendly, this yelp review is about the food.  It was super expensive (two entrees and two drinks--coffee and tea) ended up being 40 + tip.  I ordered the catfish which was overly salty (I usually don't mind too much but I couldn't even finish it).  The eggs were not quite cooked (they were beyond runny).  The polenta was good but you can make any polenta good with enough butter.  My friend ordered the chicken and waffles and while the chicken wings were good she compared the quality to Popeyes.  She said that the waffle was not very good, in particular, it wasn't crispy.Note:  Don't expect to be waited on, it feels like a drive through (food comes out fast but the line moves slow).Bottom line:  I would not return for salty overpriced food that you have to stand in line for.Visited to have breakfast here.   Parking is a little tight - but we came early so didn't have a problem.  Also heard there would be a line - there wasn't but again, that is because we came a little early.  By the time we were done - they were just starting lunch and the line was around the building.   The food was good - chicken wings were cooked well and the waffle was good.   I also tried the kroissaint and it was good too with the sausage although it was a little salty to me but still good.   Sweet tea (that comes in a bottle, btw) was wayyyyy too sweet.  Will not buy that again next time I visit.   Service was very quick and friendly.   The staff was nice to us, friendly , and helpful.  Overall the food was good.  I would come here again to eat if I was in the area.   It was cheaper than I expected (from the negative reviews here saying it was pricey) but still on the pricey side for breakfast.  I'm talking 12-15 dollar breakfast entrees, and 3-5 dollar drinks.   So not horrible but more expensive than say, IHOP or something.  It is also better than IHOP - so there's that.   If you want to visit - come early!  Although this place doesn't seem like it does well with large parties - I only saw 3 "tables" that fit parties of 6 - almost all the tables are either 2 person tables or the standard 4 person square tables.  So if you have a large party it might take a while to get seated.Got to eat here last Monday with my brother after an impromptu brother-sister get together that involved the Denver Broncos and my deep seated love for Eric Decker. Mmm...Eric Decker. Anyway, I digress. We pulled up at around 11:00 AM and there was a line that wrapped around the building! I had been recommended by Houston natives to check this place out so our determination was strong and our stomachs were empty. After a 5 mile run, my stomach was especially aching for some good food. We waited about 20-30 minutes. Nicely enough, the weather was cool so our time was pleasantly spent talking and catching up. Once inside, we got down to business. The brother of mine ordered the classic waffles and chicken wings. I got the french toast and a side of grits, per Yelper recommendations. The guy at the register recommended the Columbian roast and we were on our way. We grabbed a table pretty quickly but I can see how seating is an absolute nightmare here, especially if you are a big party. The purveyors of fine fried foods try to accommodate as best they can so that's nice. It's a very familial like atmosphere with staffers coming around asking how people are doing and assisting where they can. I love that they care about the clientele. Now, I will say, this breakfast was a splurge. All said and done, two meals and two beverages and a side set us back about 45 bucks. Ordinarily, I'd say "Ain't nobody got time for that!!" but it was a treat and I hadn't seen big brother in a while. We got our food quickly enough, about 10 minutes later and proceeded to face plant. I will say, they have warm syrup, which is a nice touch so go getcha some.Food was stellar. They definitely know how to handle a fryer here. The chicken wings remained crispy and perfect throughout the meal despite my dredging that birdie up in honey. Seasoning was spot on, well flavored, and balanced. They're chicken wings....the best food on the planet I daresay? Mmm. Waffle was perfect. My brother smothers everything with maple syrup and butter a la Vince Vaughn circa Wedding Crashers (Just pop the lid off and top everything off, would ya?) so I didn't get to sample the virgin waffle but it was really, really good. They throw vanilla in the batter and it's really light and airy. French toast was bomb. Crispy in all the right places and soft and custard-y in all the other places. Not too sweet but really well made. Part of me was convinced that they just egg batter that puppy up and throw it on into the fryer as well. The scrambled eggs were also really well made for those of you discerning folk who are particular about your eggs. I could care less for the pan sausage. It has some sweet element within the patty which normally I go for but I was so distracted by...THE SIDE OF GRITS! If you go, get the grits. Yes, I get that it's 5 bucks and some change. It's exorbitant for something as simple and cheap like grits but it is DEEE-LICIOUS and worth every calorie in it. Keep in mind, it comes with a pool of melted butter in a divet within the pillowy cloud of cheese-d (request cheese) grits. So good. I could have just had the darn plate of grits and called it a day. My brother and I laid that plate to waste. Not to mention, it went GREAT with the eggs. Go. It's not an every day sort of thing but for a once every 4-6 months where you can really relish it and enjoy the richness adequately without feeling like a slovenly fed glutton.I no longer live in Houston and never tried this place so I made it a point to do so on a recent visit.  I met a friend there for breakfast.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  They have a small lot that fills quickly so you might need to park a block or two away.  I had the wings and grits along with a giant cup of coffee.  The wings and grits were awesome.  There's just something really comforting about really good grits.  My friend got the catfish and it was very flavorful as well.  This place may be a bit pricey for breakfast, but it is a Houston institution and I'm really glad I got to experience it.  The next time I'm in Houston, I will be returning.Stay sexy fellow Yelpers!I felt like it was feeding time for the cattle (= customers) - you get rushed through a long line and then get a spectacularly big plate of food - nothing less, nothing more. Guess this is just not the type of experience I look for in a restaurant.To me, this place serves the same breakfast food I can find in any diner (I guess I'm missing something). Had the green eggs and ham and they were fine but not memorable in any way.We just had brunch at the Breakfast Klub.  It was excellent!!!  I had Chicken & Waffles and my hubby had the Catfish, Grits & Eggs. The entire staff was very friendly always making sure we were ok.  We went during the week so we only had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated.  I especially enjoyed the nice lady that took care of us in line; she was personable & friendly making us feel welcome.  She even helped us with parking; I'm so glad we stopped for a great meal with outstanding customer service.    A & T  from Dallas, TXMy girlfriend always gets an upset stomach when she eats here and now refuses to come with me.I recommend coming during the weekday and not weekends--I've been there 3 times during the weekend only to drive away because the line went out the door and snaked around the parking lot.Their waffles and wings are the best!  Expensive but very tasty.Wings good...catfish good..waffles good...wait in line....HORRIBLE.I honestly don't see what the big deal is about this place. Long lines, expensive breakfast, and the fried chicken is not that great!I finally decided to see what the hype was all about. I have always seen the long lines, heard about the chicken and waffles, and decided to make the trip from Pearland to the Breakfast Klub to spend my hard earned money.The line here is no joke. Though it does move...it doesn't move fast enough. As I stood there in the Houston heat, someone inside finally had enough mercy on my sweating, Asian behind to call out if anyone would like to sit outside, under the canopy. I jumped at the chance, since we were still an hour away from being inside where it was cool. Okay, so I didn't solve the heat problem, but I was only a few minutes away from getting to try the chicken and waffles. Like I mentioned above...the chicken and waffles were expensive. And it wasn't so much chicken as it was wings. Like BWW wings. Drumette. Wing. That's it. Nothing special. No AHA moment. Just wings.The waffle (not waffles) was good. Fluffy yet dense. Filling. Satisfying. Just not savory (which is what the wings were supposed to provide). Nevertheless, it was good and made the perfect compliment to my breakfast. I also ordered the grits...which was AWESOME. Best grits ever!Again, don't see the hype. But where else can you go for "soul" food breakfast when there isn't a Roscoe's around? I guess it's the Breakfast Klub...really, what other choice do you have?I didn't try the famous dish "the chicken and waffles." Which I totally regret but I had a traditonal breakfast eggs,pan sausage,and pankcakes. I loved the pancakes,but the pan sausages weren't extrordinary. I will be making a second trip to try the chicken and waffles.Great wings and waffles and of course Catfish and cheese grits. If you don't want to wait in a long line on the weekends, go before 9am.Great place to eat!  Very crowded though.  I got the special Crawfish Fettuccine the last time I was there, and it was really good and a HUGE portion.  I definitely had a lot to take home.  My boyfriend got the Wings and Waffle, which he liked, but we both liked my fettuccine better.This place is decent. The line is usually long too. I tried the chicken and waffles. I know they're the popular thing to try here. There are better versions out there. The coffee is ok. I would try the restaurant again as long as there is not much of a wait. Recommendation: worth trying unless there is a long line.Tried it because it is the popular place for breakfast in Houston.  We stood in line for 30-40 min.  They handed menus outside so people would know what they wanted when they got to the counter to order.  The food was okay.  At least we tried the "must go to" place in Houston.  Not that impressed with it what I had.  Maybe we will try another dish whenever we get back to Houston.If you like down-home cooking, it's a good place to go. The gravy just wasn't my style. The food was good, and the owner went around to every table; that made me feel somewhat better about having to wait for so damn long outside. 4 stars for the owner, 2 stars for the food.I swore I already reviewed this place two years ago, but anyways, this is a true Htown landmark here!! If you're in town visiting or just been living under a rock, then you should be heading over here after reading one of the many five star reviews about this place including this one!I first became aware of this place a few years ago but didn't try it until I had the original of this concept from Roscoe's chicken and waffles. So about 3 years ago we took a trip to LA and stepped into the famous Roscoe's and it was AMAZING!!!!! So naturally when we returned we wanted to see how this place stacked up next to it. After seeing all the hype on GMA as best breakfast in America we woke up early one Sunday morning and left our NW suburban area to let our taste buds judge this establishment. First thing I noticed as mentioned by others is the monsterous line that wraps around the building. Now don't be discouraged by this as the line moves well and you can get complimentary water while you wait and the sweet elder lady is very entertaining as she interacts with the crowd. Oh yea there are tents lined up to help with the sun but you really can't avoid the humidity in Houston, Ha!I ordered the catfish and grits and the wife opted for the wings and waffles. The catfish is seasoned to perfection and battered with a flaky deliciousness. The grits are smooth with the right amount of butter and salt along with the eggs and toast. Now what we really came here for, the wings and waffles, these are the best waffles I've ever had and yes I said it and stand tall by it, so get at me if that offends you!! Now once I took my first bite into these wings(keep in mind that I hate wings!!!) my eyes rolled back and I almost yelled out, "Domino muthaf$&@ers!!" as I was slapping bones down on the table. I'm kind of glad that this place is super far from my home because if I lived closer I would definitely eat here at least twice a week and gain an insane amount of weight eating here. Yup, do what you're now thinking and go get you some!!!I decided to go after having not eaten there in quite some time (years).  The quality of the food has gone down, but the prices have definitely gone up exponentially since my last visit.  How about $4 for a cup of drip coffee?  For that much money, methinks they should definitely offer Sugar In the Raw (like other fancy places).  I remember the grits when they were creamy (made with milk), now they are made with water only and a grits connoisseur can definitely tell the difference. The bacon was super duper greasy (and limp).  Definitely not worth the prices that they charge.  The Davis brothers definitely have seem to have forgotten: #1) where they come from and #2) their family tradition on cooking good breakfast.The food here is great and the service is friendly and very attentive; I appreciate the help finding a table, the tents and water for those in line, etc.  However, it's a tad expensive for diner food and counter service.  Equally good waffles, fried chicken and fish, etc. can be had for the same price or less elsewhere, but with table service, cocktails and no line.Have eaten here a couple times and have mixed feelings.  On the plus side, the portions are very large, you won't leave hungry.  Maybe its me but each time (3 total) I felt the food was a bit too salty or cooked with too much seasoning.  Meals hung with me for a while and not in a favorable way, will likely only go if a client requests it.Go early to avoid the lines...I refuse to wait outside for a table.  Staff was friendly, but the place is not cheap either.they have the best chicken & waffles!i love their food, location and professionalism.i  feel like i'm at home when i eat here!I came here mainly for the Chicken Wings and Waffles. When I got here there was a huge line out the door! I was pretty surprised about how quickly the line moved though. We had a large party and they made sure we were seated without much of a wait. Right after ordering, the food came out in minutes.Wings and Waffles - The wings were well seasoned and had a good crispy crunch. Just delicious! The waffle were pretty good especially with the hot maple syrup. Just be careful when you get it because it's really hot!Katfish and Grits - The batter of the catfish was the same as the wings so it was just as good! The grits were a little plain but I ate them with the catfish and it was delicious. A biscuit came with the meal and it was a little on the hard/dry side. It was a little tough eating it alone but once I dipped it with the hot maple syrup it was saved!*4.5 Stars, the only reason it isn't a full fledged 5 stars is because of the ridiculously long lines. One thing I can say is that I never leave this place regretting waiting in that long line, the food more than makes up for it. I try to only go when the weather is pleasant since I know I will be standing outside for up to 1.5 hours. What I've Tried:1. Chicken and waffles (duh) - These have to be some of the best chicken wings in Houston, definitely rival my favorite ones at Timmy Chan's. Be careful though, they come out hot! (I know you're practically starving from the long wait), so please blow on them or wait a little before digging in (trust me I have burned my tongue enough times than I am proud to say, so learn from my mistakes). Add a little bit of hot sauce on each bite, a bit of waffle, and all dipped in syrup, you can't get a much more perfect bite than that. 2. Catfish and grits - this dish is almost just as good as the chicken and waffles. I have never had a piece of catfish so perfectly fried. I had my reservations about having catfish for breakfast too, but I am so glad I tried it. Definitely would order this one over and over. 3. Breakfast Special - just your typical breakfast foods, I would definitely stick with their specialties over thisLove this place. super unhealthy, but totally worth it. The line isn't as bad as it looks, but if you can go on a weekday, that is advantageous. Enjoy!The food are awesome!!!! you can never go wrong with waffle and wings!! No1....,my sister is really hard to satisfy with american food. she is classic Asian girl with no oil and sweet thing. that type of girl ever love the food here. the line always crazy on Sunday or any day. well, it worth to try!!This place is awesome!! I heard the line for breakfast is hella crazy, but we got there at around 11 am. The first thing you see is the last at the door, didn't get her name but she's all smiles w/ great attitude. If it's your first time she'll tell you what to do. After you walk in, go order your food/drink/etc. They give you a number and bring you your food, rather quickly! My two friends got the wings & waffles (what they're known for!), whiles got the Klub Benedict. This thing was huge...biskit (their spelling), with turkey, ham & bacon with hollandaise sauce on top. The turkey is straight off the bird, no thin slices here, ham steak is crisped up a lil, and the bacon is thick and soft/crispy. I would highly recommend this. But I tried the a bite of wing and waffle....awesome!! Getting it next time!! Can get crowded, so if you're in a wheelchair like me, try to go at a "not so busy" time.Atmosphere is great! I had the Eggs Benedict, just because I'd never had it. However I nibbled on my friend's chicken and waffles and that's where the money's at!!Everyone hyped about this place for years.... Was it worth the wait in the long line? No! In all honesty it was a waste of my time. I`m down for local hot spots but it was very disappointing. They are supposed to be famous for their chicken and waffles ,but may I say not. In my opinion it`s not worth the wait but everyone has different taste buds.Because the Breakfast Klub is such a Houston tradition, I feel like it might be sacrilegious to write this, but... I've experienced better.  I can't believe we waited in line for an hour for meh, regular breakfast food.  It's good, but I think I could get the same food at a normal breakfast plate like IHOP.  The service was very nice, but I wouldn't wait so long for that food again.This place is heaven to me! My favorite is the Katfish and grits, Chicken n waffles, Country breakfast, ....who am I kidding, I love them all!!! I don't do lines so when I do go I get there early (7-9am).  Only thing is be preapres to take a nap afterwards cause eating at this place is like having good sex, knocks you right out ;)This place was absolutely amazing. You know it's good when the line wraps around the outside of the building. As lines go, however, it was quick and they brought out sandwiches and mimosas. HIGHLY recommend the Wings & Waffles. They were easily THE BEST wings I've ever had.The staff was super friendly and helpful, giving direction on how to move through their system. And believe me, as many people as they serve, they've got an amazing system to keep the line moving. My wife and I come to Houston yearly to visit family. This place just made our "regular stop" list.Wow. DELICIOUS.  This place is to die for. Everything on the menu is amazing.  Coffee is great, sausage and ham were perfectly cooked and seasoned, incredibly friendly staff.  Super busy but they make sure you have somewhere to sit by the time you're ordering the food.  We had French toast and green eggs as ham.  Both were awesome.  Totally worth waiting in line.This restaurant was recommended by a friend and I'm so glad he did. Long line to get in went very fast. Order and pay at the counter and then you're seated. My family had the Belgian waffle, pankakes, and French toast. Add eggs and bakon and it's the breakfast of champions.The food was delivered fast and hot. To top that, owner Marcus and GM Terry came to table repeatedly to make sure our dining experience was a good one.  And, it was. The atmosphere is funky cool with a New Orleans feel. We will definitely be back when we return to Houston.Don't let the long lines fool you. They move FAST! This place is the absolute BEST!So I've been reluctant to come to this place because usually on my days off I hate to spare 3 to 4 hours for breakfast but nonetheless I woke up today, saw the nice weather outside the window and committed to the long wait.  We get there around 10:45am, me, my wife and 2 friends and we stand in the Soup Nazi line which by the way was very accommodating since they have tents to keep the sun away and free ice water in case heat stroke starts to become a problem.  The line took about an hour including ordering.  The service is amazingly fast, we ordered and paid and food was at our table in no lie less than 5 minutes, I guess they pre-make all their popular items because like I said 5 minutes later we had all our items.  They gave us complimentary orange juice and fountain drinks because we ordered so much, and an extra chicken & waffles plate landed on our table and they just gave to us as well since it was a mistake.  On to the food though...the wings are by far the best thing on the menu.  I don't think I've ever had wings as flavorful as these.  The chicken and waffle plate is amazing but mainly because the wings are just that good.  The grits and catfish were amazing as well as the coffee.  We left stuffed, with a lot of food left over.  If you like iced coffee, don't bother because they don't like to deviate from their original recipes.  The inside of the restaurant is very welcoming, not too crowded or bunched up, each table has its fair space so you dont feel like you're sitting in the lap of the next table's guests eating their pancakes with them.  Great experience and I will definitely be coming back!There is always a line out the door here! They have good reasons though. Simply delicious food, efficient and courteous staff. Even though they're always packed and trying to get people in they don't rush you to get out. Certainly the chicken and waffles are great - nicely crispy and savory waffles. Always good and always consistent. This visit i had their lunch special - 6 pieces of delicious fried chicken, red beans and rice, and cornbread. Everything was just finger licking good. No complains. I will be thinking about their food until i'm back once again. --Keep eatin'I've been several times and have tried different items on the menu. I finally got to try the chicken and waffles. The chicken was well seasoned and crispy, the waffle was ok. However,  I've had better. And the prices are a little high. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The food just isn't my favorite.The food, atmosphere, and staff are just fabulous! Servers deliver your hot breakfast fast and with a smile! I came here with my family during our Christmas vacation and cannot wait to go back! Multiple servers came within the span of our meal to accommodate us and make sure we had everything we needed. I highly recommend this restaurant!Love this place!  Be prepared to stand in line.  The line moves fast and food comes fast.  They have service and hospitality down to a science.  I have had several items and they all were good.  Sweet tea and lemonade is on point.For a place that has obtained near lengendary status, it amazes me that this place sticks true to its roots: homey southern soul food, with the owner still chatting it up with people and the door control outside reminiscent of what I would imagine a grandmother to do. Kinda and courteous they all are, and on a cold day offered to get people coffee ahead of entering the restaurant so we could keep warm. The line is really long, so do expect a wait, but surprisingly moves along without too much issue.I got the chicken and waffles, friend got the catish and grits. I'm sure I have nothing new to add to the thrilling reviews here: Succulent, juicy chicken wings and a light as air waffl. Warm syrup powdered sugar and a little hot sauce on those wings make em lip smacking good...but if I had to come back again, I'd choose the catfish. Very flavorful, and creamy grits with a fresh biscuit,....mmmmmm.....the eggs are a near afterthough.Price is a bit high for what you get, but you won't leave hungry. Definitely recommend if you're in the mood for a weekend breakfast and don't mind waiting around to catch up with a friend as the line moves along.the best chicken and waffles in houston!!!! the waffle is so fluffy and moist!! and the chicken is just so crunchy and full of spice!this place really makes you feel like home, the staff is amazing and welcoming and they took care of us! the nicest waiters and waitresses youll ever meet!! i never had bad service here!!!everytime i come here, i find myself spending $20 for breakfast food. Worth it? i'd say once in a while. Chicken/Waffles is pretty good, but i usually get the katfish. adding extra breakfast items with your order will get costly. but then again, i eat alot. call me fat.You have to go at least once. Amazing food! The line is disgusting if you go during a busy brunch time.There was a line outside of the store and I thought it was going to take a while but it went by pretty fast. You look at the menu while in line so it goes by faster. The workers are super friendly and the food came out fast! The chicken and waffles were pretty good, but the sausage could use some work... overall it was good :3This place is a locals favorite and a Houston institution. Well run and organized. Service is great and the chicken and waffles are not to be missed! Bring your wallet though, as it's a bit pricey.Meh! way overrated. I wanted to know what the hype was with this place. Let me tell you it is a hype!Lines are long. Food is ok. Nothing special. Interior design not much. Better head over to Harry's. Simply put the food is just not that great. Don't believe the hypeExtremely overrated.... really people? I wouldn't imagine people coming back here multiple times after trying the "godly" chicken and waffles. Don't get me wrong, it's good, but its definitely not worth waiting 30 minutes for or paying $20 for.... Shrimp and grits were okay, breakfast items were okay, and ...yeah, basically everything was just "okay". No one in my party was was impressed. Def better out there. Three stars because I feel it's a three star restaurant overall.So for the past few months, everyone and their mothers have been telling me about The Breakfast Klub. I'm new to the Houston food scene, so of course I had to try it. Let me tell y'all, The Breakfast Club holds up to every compliment I've heard.My cousin and I went Friday, Nov. 15, during the lunch hour. The line was just heading out of the door, but our wait was no more than 10 minutes and the hostess was as welcoming as they get. Our food was ordered quickly, we found a seat and the service that followed was fabulous.The attendant ensured our cups never went empty and we didn't wait long at all for our food to come. I ordered the pork chops with grits and potatoes (I don't eat eggs or waffles), my cousin ordered the Katfish and grits, and we both ordered wings as an appetizer.OK, after we said Grace before eating, I said another prayer of thanks after I took a bite of the pork chop. That pork chop must have melted in my mouth. I'm not lying y'all. It was awesome. I come a from a family and literally a village that knows a pig from the roota to the toota, and I've never had fried pork chops like these (please don't tell my mother). Check out the pictures. They don't lie.My cousin assured me the Katfish was good and I believed her because not once did she open her mouth to talk while we were eating. I didn't eat my wings until today (Sunday) and I almost wish I hadn't  waited, they are so good. This place doesn't disappoint. Yeah, it gets packed. I heard the lines get ridiculous. But really, would you want to eat at a place where nobody frequents? The Breakfast Klub is definitely going to be a mainstay on my foodie route.Interesting setup for a place with this much traffic. Probably needs to be 2x bigger. Wait in line. Order your food at the counter. Take a seat and the food is brought to your table. The food is great and the service is incredibly friendly. The coffee was fantastic and everyone we went with really enjoyed their food. It's easy to see why it wins awards each year.Catfish and grits - 4 stars. They are both delicious. Wings and waffles - 3 stars. The wings are great. Especially with hot sauce and honey. I could do without the waffle. Their biscuits are really good, too.We went there a couple of months ago for a family visit in Houston.  I don't know Houston that well and we had some time to kill before the festivities started.  Our flight into Houston landed early in the morning, so I wanted to find a good breakfast place that would be easy with a 2 year old.  This was the place to go.  You can tell from the other Yelp reviews and the other online reviews that this breakfast joint is not a secret.  Sounds like they usually have a long line outside their door.The food was great; we shared french toast, pancakes, turkey, and some scrambled eggs (I think).  Everything was really good.  We didn't get their specialty: fried chicken and catfish.  Maybe next time.And to top it off, the employees are very nice.  They were very accommodating to us even though our son had a meltdown.The grits were good enough to be their own meal!  Possibly the most perfectly poached eggs I've ever had (not too runny). And of course the service is so extremely nice, it's worth the higher prices because they put me in a good mood the rest of the day.There aren't all that many veggie options and I'm not huge into waffles, so this isn't my all time favorite place. The coffee is great and the staff is really nice. I usually meet up with my co-workers on a week we've got a break [teacherlife] so we don't have to wait in too long of a line. They LOVE the chicken and waffles.Go early for less of a line.  The catfish and grits and wings and waffles are some of the best I have eaten.  The catfish needs no condiments.I bought a few dinners during lunch time and brought them home - they still tasted just as great as if we would have dined in.Amazing and lots of food so SHARE!Now let me be frank, I've heard the rave reviews, scour the research on what they use, have had my share of places to eat and im going to call down the line. Total amount spent $25! Looking at the prices, like Frenchy's Chicken got to gouge prices for a predominant demographic area huh?-Chikin Wings ($8). Texture and taste was different from the CFC cutlet as expected b/c it is a different part of the chicken, just like the cow and pig. Seasoned and crispy as expected. How do you say a less greasy Timmy Chan's Wing version? Nothing remarkable. 2.5/5-Chikin fried chikin, green beans, mashed potatoes with homemade gravy and texas toast ($15 Lunch Special). Breaded, fattening, and using their handmade flour/seasoning mix. Slight crisp, scourging hot, but bland. It did not have that robust "i must have second's" taste and feel. 2.5/5-Green beans with onions and i believe bits of bacon was tasteful, moist, and seasoned like grandma's southern casserole , definitely not bland. 3.5/5-Mashed potatoes/gravy- Nothing to go bonkers over. Buttery and seasoned, not well memorable.1.5/5-Texas Toast- Enriched white Texas size with butter, again same taste, nothing spectacular. 1/5Customer Service- solid 4/5 stars for a establishment that is not a St. Regis experience, nor Pappas Bros. white table dinner atmosphere. Staff are friendly and very accommodating. Although they concentrate on just a bit of southern cuisine, but not a variety across the picnic table. I've lived in Houston since the early 80's and i can not understand how this restaurant has a line of wait around the block. Maybe from a marketing perspective its a good idea since it is small place perhaps that is why. But hey, they're making money so no hate from me. There are other places that are better like Roscoe's house of Chicken/Waffles in New York. Overall, i give Breakfast Klub a little over 2/5 stars. Note i did not have breakfast so i had just water, fasting through the morning prior to arriving at BK. Also, the place is self seated, self drink of choice, silverware, and condiments. The quality of service made up by the horrendous prices of the restaurant. Talk about inflation of  generic fried chicken wings and Holiday Inn made waffles.I've lived a sheltered existence not coming here sooner. I hate long lines, but on this rainy Friday morning the odds looked good, so we went. My friend and I were patched right through, seated, served, checked on . . . it was beautiful. The chicken and waffles is a thing of reverence. My friend and I took a moment silence and then I tore through my plate until every morsel was gone. I don't usually dish out five stars on a first trip--but damn, . . . no disputes here!The food here is pretty good, but honestly its not better than a home cooked breakfast.This is the place I try to take all of my out of town friends, when I am playing Houston Ambassador. It is a little bit pricey but the food portions are huge & I usually can make 2 meals out of my order. The food is good, seasoned well & the line is always long but moves fast. Soul food, comfort  food at its best.Pretty good... tasty!Have you heard of the Breakfast Klub?  Thinking that it can't possibly be as good as they hype?  Let me tell you, it's deserved.  This funky spot has THE BEST chicken and waffles I've ever had in my life.  Forget this chicken strips and waffle junk that other restaurants try to pass off as C&W, get your self down to TBK and have some of the real deal.  I make some mean fried chicken, but theirs makes me want to get in the kitchen and try to figure out what they did differently.  Yum.  Line can be pretty long, but what you get to put in your face is worth it.  Hubs and I have had some other menu items, and we haven't found a loser yet.  But Chicken And Waffles.  Now I'm hungry.Love the food... coffee was awesome too!  :-)Hadn't been here in a while, was shocked to see prices went up a lot. Ex: Wings & Waffles used to be 10.99 now its 14.99. I probably won't be going backThe boyfriend and I decided to pack our patience one Saturday morning and head over to the Breakfast Klub. It took us about an hour, hour and a half to finally get to the front. But like I said we packed our patience and this nice lady who worked there kept our spirits up. She was really sweet and handed us menus way before we reached the front. By the time we finally ate I was starved and near hysteria. I ordered the green eggs and ham, which was mmm mmm good! It was worth the wait. I'm glad we waited, and I'm glad I spent my cheat meal of the week here. That's saying a lot for me. I don't just ingest massive amounts of calories just anywhere, but when I do I choose wisely. Stay hungry my friends :)Oh good lawd, if I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would! Although I have never eaten too much soul food in my lifetime, I gotta say this is a place to remember.What restaurant has Chicken Fried Chicken?! THIS PLACE. I was skeptical at the idea but once you try it, be amazed! Chicken fried chicken topped with gravy sauce, mashed potatoes topped with gravy sauce, buttery toast, and flavorful green beans stole my heart away. I sat for 45 minutes melting at every bite eventually falling into a food coma. To top it off, their service is amazing. The manager greeted every customer waiting in line and one of the cooks would come out with food and present the daily special. This place is the epitome of perfect customer service. No wonder there is always a line out the door.I you've never been, or if you're a visitor, then it's worth the wait in line (wraps around the building).This somewhat authentic soulful breakfast is great to see being enjoyed by so many Houstonians.  While I'm a bit over the place.  I love the fact that they are thriving.Yes, you can get fried chicken wings and french toast (not on the menu).  The french toast truly is authentic and the chicken is absolutely tasty!I recently enjoyed it with some sort of latte, and it was righteous.Give it a try, but go a bit early as a late lunch really isn't an option here.The Breakfast Club has over 930 reviews, so will my one review even make a difference?!?  Probably not, but since I like to give my one, two and three cents into a matter, you shall read from me!  Can this place really be almost a 5 star experience?  Can the food really be that good?  Well, I hate to admit it, but I definitely had a 5 star experience.  That doesn't happen normally, but this time it did.Following the advice of a coworker, I decided to come to the place after 1pm to avoid the massive lines that form.  They also told me not to try to go on the weekend.  Friday at 1pm works for me, so that was my plan.  I didn't quite make it there for 1pm, but 1ish was good enough for me.  From the reviews, I knew parking was going to be an issue, but lo and behold, someone was pulling away from the front of the place as I was pulling in!  God must have really wanted me to try this place!  Parking out of the way, I was expecting a line, but the 1pm advice was sound...right in for me!  God must have really wanted me to try this place!From the onset, the staff was very friendly.  The greeter at the door was all smiles and handed me a menu.  After complimenting the looks of my daughters, the greeter told me what the business was known for, and made her recommendations.  As many reviews have told me, and concurring with what the greeter told me, either try the wings and waffles or the catfish and grits.  Screw deciding, I ordered both to go.  Throughout the entire time I was in the place, workers spoke to me and my children and ensured that we had proper condiments to go with our orders before the food even came out.  Even leaving we had staff speaking to us outside.  There is truly nothing wrong with friendly folks.I was not impressed or please with the pricing of the dishes...let me go on record stating that...but darn it...these folks actually use spices on their food!  As a matter of fact, they sale their spice in the store, so they know their spice is tasty.  I must go on record and state that this establishment is the most flavorful place I have experienced in the Houston and surrounding area.  The food that I ate is the new standard bearer for taste for Houston.  The wings were well fried, not hard, and tasty.  The waffle was actually extremely fluffy and tasty as well.  The catfish was well fried, not hard and tasty as well.  The people in that kitchen know what they are doing.I hate loving the taste of a restaurant that would charge $15 a plate for such simple dishes, but I know my tongue will not allow me to never venture here again.  This is one of the few places that were able to live up to the hype.  I look forward to being able to try other items on the menu.  Hopefully the staff will be as professional as they were in my initial visit. Chicken and waffles and catfish and grits...yum!Sometimes there's a line but it's worth the wait. Great hospitality. I always get the pork chops. Very well seasoned. Excellent spot for comfort food during lunch.Place is over rated...did not enjoy the food... and overpriced,  and its not the best breakfast in HoustonFrom the very first moment that you arrive you are treated as family. The woman who welcomes you in greets you with a smile and small talk that will brighten your day. THE FOOD and COFFEE are the Stars of the restaurant. Yes, you may have to wait to get in, but you are guaranteed good conversation from the other patrons. The warm feeling doesn't stop with the staff. The Owners are also as friendly as their employees. Its as if they are inviting you into their home and saying, "COME ON IN and GET SOMETHING TO EAT".We frequent the Breakfast Klub at least once a month and sometimes more.Very tasty food. From the soups and salads to the chicken and waffles. The sweet tea is a bit too sweet for my taste though but, just add a bit of water and you are good to go!Been here many times BUT the pricing is crazy. Who am I to argue with their rabid loyal fan base who lines up even before they open??Fantastic friendly and fast service.Always great food.Neat ambience.But $3.75/coffee (although "bottomless")? BLT with cheese grits $13? 2 eggs with sausage and grits $13.75?There are many other Houston breakfast places serving food as good at much more reasonable prices.Will continue to bring out-of-town visitors here but will take regular breakfast business to Harry's, Baby Barnaby's, and MANY Mexican spots.I love this place!  The place isn't fancy so if you're expecting to walk into a commercialized place, this isn't it.  The lines are constantly out of the door long but well worth it.  And the staff is extremely polite and cheerful - I guess it's that Southern hospitality.  My fave is the chicken and waffles!  My friends and I have tried various other entrees, and they're amazing as well.  This is definitely a must try for anyone who enjoys good food and great service.A 3.5.Food was good, not great. Points down due to price. Was greeted by very friendly lady and we put in our orders. We came at a good time, around 830am and soon after longer line formed. We ordered the chicken and waffles and a breakfast croissant and coffee. The croissant was good but the contents were just ok (eggs and bacon). Nothing special to push it over. The waffles were good and the wings were good (bf said it reminded him of Roy Rogers chicken, a bit peppery). Atmosphere is kind of a trendy casual. Food took a little while to come out. Glad I tried it but price prohibitive of return visits (til I try other places).This is a great Houston establishment.  The food is delicious and comes out quickly.  I would go early unless you are prepared to wait.  I see people lined up around the corner whenever I drive by around lunch time.Always a long line. Try to get there before 10:30 and you should be ok. The food is delicious, very soul food style. The Chicken and waffles is a much try. You have to get your own syrup and utensils at a crowded self serve station. The prices are pretty steep for your typical brunch food and you order at a counter and seat yourself. All-in-all I give it 4 stars because of the food, but the service and ambiance is nothing to gloat about. Classic must try Houston spot.This place is absolutely fabulous! The food is served hot, it is very flavorful, and the presentation is beautiful...even for to-go orders. The customer service is what the world is missing. The employees of The Breakfast Klub were polite, accommodating, warm, and welcoming. I was even addressed by name by multiple employees. The line was wrapped around the corner, but understandably so. This place is simply wonderful! One worker went out of her way to make sure that I was taken care of in a timely manner because she could see that I had a taxing day. I was very touched by her and it was a very kind and personal touch, especially being that this was my first visit. If you are in Houston, you definitely need The Breakfast Klub experience...it is an excellent establishment!I grew up in the south, I think I had my fair share of southern cooking and "soul" food; although the chicken wings at the Breakfast Klub was good but it ain't $15 good for just a few wings and a waffle. .  First I am not sure what's all the hype.  The waffle is no different than the waffle at a hotel' self-made machine.  Seriously, it isn't all that good. I have experience better without having to break the bank.great waffles and chicken wings.  staff incredibly friendly.  eggs taste weird to me, maybe they're cooked in margarine.  love the coffee choices - amazing.From the line to my seat in 56 minutes! :)The lady greeting everyone outside was kind-spirited and attentive. The food was good. Nothing spectacular or awe-inspiring. You can tell that TBK has a "signature flavor," but it's nothing super special. If you're visiting Houston, come. If you live in Houston and have never been, come. It's definitely an experience to have. It's just not all it's built up to be.As far as price is concerned, I'm not exactly sure I'm comfortable with $15 for six wings and a waffle. Not comfortable enough to pay it regularly. Last note - COME HUNGRY! Drink water to stay hydrated in line, but you're gonna need some space! LoL.This place is awesome I love eating here. I've taken almost all my family members. They have large plates of food. My husband and I always share a meal and then get extra stuff. We had there waffles and chicken plate. Pancakes, potatoes, eggs, bacon, and ham plate.  it is so gooood! I brought my mother-n-law for mothers day and they made it so convenient for everyone to eat on time and not wait too long. Don't get intimated  by the line outside because they take care of you right away and the food comes out fast and fresh. I love this place! I recommend it at least once because you will be back for more. The staff is so nice and seem to like there job.Fish was seasoned to perfection! One of the best breakfast I've had in a long time. We beat the rush so we missed the experience of waiting in a super long line, but I tell you the food was so good I actually would wait for it, and I don't wait for much ;-). #impatient #willwaitforgoodfoodAt least once a week someone in my life says, "Have you ever been to the Breakfast Klub?"  I can now finally answer in the affirmative.  I am not a breakfast person.  I don't like pancakes and just tolerate waffles.  Grits gross me out.  I eat scrambled eggs if they're put in front of me, but I'll almost never ask for them.  I much prefer to eat lunch food for breakfast.  Call it a character flaw if you'd like.I understood before going that I'd be in line for at least an hour.  I also understood that I could have chicken for breakfast.  These things are fine by me.  We got in line on Labor Day Sunday at 9:22 am and were ordering by 10:05.  Go with good company and the line is just part of the experience.  The staff I encountered ranged from pleasant to enthusiastic.  They even check with you while you're in line to make sure you know what to do if you've never been.  I was expecting it to be very loud inside, but it wasn't.  It was actually a pleasant dining experience.  The bussers have table cleaning down to a science.  I personally won't be rushing back, but I can see why breakfast lovers from far and wide rave about this place.This place has huge servings. The food is acceptable. A bit heavy, slightly salty and oil for my tastes. Atmosphere is a little trendy - like people see the lines around the building and they say to themselves, heck it must be the place to go and they decide to get in line. Service is decent. I ate there three times with some friends so far. I would not go there on my own though. Happy eating.This place is worth the wait. The line is long, anywhere between 20 minutes to 45 minutes. Once you enter, the cashiers and servers are friendly and fast. I always get the french toast and turkey, which is amazing.Expect extreme food coma after eating here. I suggest a strong cup of black coffee before, during, and after your meal.The huge portion serves at least two people per dish. The biscuits and gravy were my favorite. It was rich, creamy, and not too heavy. The catfish was crispy and flavorful, although a little salty, but dipped in gravy and it was to die for. Actually, anything drenched in gravy is to die for. Chicken was finger licking good, but the waffles/toasts had to be my least favorite. It wasn't crispy enough. Also, I like them a little burnt on the edges. However, dipped with the gravy and syrup, even non-crispy waffles tasted decent. In terms of service, I absolutely love it!! The staff is extremely friendly. Made me feel welcomed every time. A few minor issues with the salty food, long line, and raised prices, but in the end, it was all worth it!First visit here to see what the hype was allabout and I was prepared to wait in lines in the 40 degree weather for 30 minutes since it was a Sunday morning. Service is self serve with friendly seating staff, cashier and manager. It didn't take long for them to serve our food and I liked how everything was simple and to the point. I had their famous chicken and waffles and I don't usually like friend food but I had to try their signature item. I liked the batter in the chicken and it was very juicy, waffle was good but not that much out of the ordinary compared to good Belgian waffles from other places. Their coffee were pricy but it was very tasty so it was worth it. My partner had biscuits and gravy which was not that impressive, since I think Ive had better ones at McDonald's. Besides the wait I would love to come back and try their other items on the menu(skip the biscuits and gravy).On a recent trip to Houston, a friend of mine insisted that I try a real Texas breakfast at a Houston favorite- The Breakfast Klub.  It seems that other folks had the same idea because there was a line out the door and down the street.....on a weekday.The Breakfast Klub is a locally owned and operated restaurant that projects a homey sort of vibe.  The restaurant space is casual and moderately sized despite being packed to the gills.  The customer service is very very engaging and personable.  The owner is also present and makes a point to greet customers on their way out.We ordered the Turkey Kroissant, Wings and Kakes, Home Fries, and Karmel Makkhiato.  The Turkey Kroissant was huge and packed with both meat and fresh toppings.  The croissant was fresh, fluffy and flaky.   Everything worked well together and created a filling breakfast sandwich.The Wings and Kakes are the Breakfast Klub's take on chicken and waffles.   The dish came in a huge portion size.  The pancakes in particular are massive, moist and decadent.  The wings were fried hard, which is not necessarily my preference but they were meaty and seasoned.The Home Fries were seasoned and also came in a large serving size.The Karmel Makkhiato was better than I expected.  It had a richness to it and a decent balance between the sweetness of a caramel and the bitterness of the coffee.  My one complaint is the price.  They say that everything is bigger in Texas and the food reflected that but so did my $40 bill.  $40 for breakfast?  Definitely on the steep side but overall not a bad way to end a vacation.Over HYPEDOver PRICEDjust like Dwight Coward.No but really2 stars because catfish and grits just aren't my thing! Waffles and fried chicken were good, but I definitely have had better and for a cheaper price. (Check out Roscoes Chicken and Waffles) Catfish was a bit too salty but the crust on it was good. The grits were a bit tasteless and for those who have not had grits - very similar to porridge just less watery. Coming into Breakfast Club I just had such high expectations. I mean a place that merits over 900 reviews and 4.5 stars? Holy cow. I'm expecting fried chicken that will make me pregnant. Catfish that will make me pregnant with twins. Sadly I am still not pregnant.Even though the food and price were not to my agreement the service was on point. The people their are so friendly and so kind you can't help but feel like you're at home. An extremely expensive home.Worth the hour wait. Mistakenly, I arrived extremely hungry and dizzy. The standing wait was painful, to the point we considered leaving, but I am so happy we stayed!! The staff tries to make the wait tolerable with free water and large menus ( which doubled as a fan in the June heat) .Once inside, the food comes out  in less than10minutes. I ordered the French toast and fried chicken: mind-blown. My boyfriend agreed that the French toast and chicken was an even better pairing than his chicken and waffles. I cannot emphasize enough how good this meal was. The chicken was not greasy and very well seasoned. The French toast was fluffy and sweet.The owner is humble and super attentive. He came over to make sure we were pleased and joked about my inability to properly eat friend chicken off the bone. I appreciated his presence in the restaurant! Maybe that's why it is such a success!After searching a countless number of times for chicken and waffles to match the satisfaction I get at The Breakfast Klub, I have come to the conclusion.. there is none. I think it's about time I pay my respects to my hometown favorite breakfast spot.Honestly, I haven't tried anything else other than their most popular dishes -- Chicken and Waffles, Catfish and Grits. I love both dishes so much, it's hard for me to not to order at least one dish everytime I'm here. Usually my friend orders one and I order the other, so I practically get to enjoy both at the same time! Both plates are large enough to be split. Whoever can finish the whole plate by themselves, sir/mam, you are a breakfast trooper. But personally, I love the fact I can save some for later.Not sure what kind of magical ingredients they put in that chicken recipe, but one bite into it and you're like, "it's good to be home." As for the catfish and grits.. well there's some kind of voodoo in that plate as well! I once thought I was allergic to catfish, but I think The Breakfast Klub cured it. Haha I probably wasn't allergic to begin with, and thank goodness because it's hard to resist myself when it comes to their catfish. I must warn you, the grits that comes with the plate is not the most healthiest thing. Let's face it, there's no nutritional value in it period, especially when theres a little pool of butter sitting right in the center of it. It gets cold quickly and clumps up fast... but I still gobble it all up! Butter makes everything better. Okay, okay, so everything sounds great right!? Well with good food, comes much traffic. If you come by at 11-12, be prepared to wait in a line that winds to the parking lot. Sounds scary right? Well the table turnover is pretty fast so it's not as bad as it looks. But to be safe, try to get here earlier. The staff of course is friendly. I love to bring my out of town friends here to show them what true southern hospitality is.. Boy do I miss the south.... and I sure as hell miss my breakfasts at The Breakfast Klub! :(We tried both "Chickin" and "katfish" with eggs and "biskit". In short it's in the lower side of mediocre. Staff is super friendly and deserves a 3 star. If it was food alone It would be a 1 star.  If you like Greasy sticky food with not much room for flavor this may be your place. I would not go back and definitely not waiting for  more than 3min in line for this food.OH MY GOSH!!!! I just about died and came back alive the most happiest, giddiest, energetic and loving person on earth thanks to my meal at the Breakfast Klub! My husband and I dined here Saturday afternoon for my birthday weekend brunch. Following our 30 minute car trip, I'm sure I broke out in a demonic possession in the car starving and raging from being sooo hungry. It's a norm. Lol.But arriving at TBK 10 minutes before closing, I was worried they would turn us away once it hit 2PM. Not the case, they stop the line at 2PM. I already knew what I wanted!!! Chicken & waffles!!! That craving has finally been fulfilled! My husband got the Klub Benedict that he said was good. He offered some to me but I was all up in my meal. Oh yeah no classy Southern gal I was. It was just that good!!! Lip smacking, finger-lickin, chewing off all that cartilage off them wangzzzz lol.  And omg that perfect waffle....so fluffy, light but so delicious!!! If I die soon, my family better know my last meal on earth will be wings & waffles here'Wings & waffles ($14.99)Klub Benedict ($14.99) If you want juices, there are bottles for sell ($3.25). Not fresh squeezed like I like but Florida's natural brand for OJ, and couldnt tell the Apple juice brand. Grapefruit on the menu too. Cafe style coffees range from bottomless coffee to like white chocolate mochas and etc. There was an option of water bottle on the menu for ($3.25) or you can get fountain water. Counter style restaurant- order when you get up to the register and you get a number. Go sit down after you get your condiments, silverware and drinks and they'll bring out your food! I didn't see anyone around me tipping since their was no waiter service but I still did/would for the busboys. Customer service was great. They could all tell it was our first time lol. There was still a line outside even 10 minutes til closing. The manager Terry came up to us when we sat down and asked if it was our first time. Of course, we looked like noobs in there and were lost with how things run. On the way out, he asked us again how we liked it. He was very helpful and down to earth. You can tell they enjoy working here. I told him I'm hoping one day they can give an option of red velvet waffle and wings! Omg! I'd jump on that real quick!!! RED VELVET OBSESSED!!! Please Mr. Marcus Davis! Take that into consideration! Or do it as a seasonal offer to see how it'll do, during Christmas and Valentines month. Red velvet waffles!!!! ;)The chicken wings is probably the best I tasted.  Just as good as Roscoe's Chicken N Waffles in Cali.  Huge servings. Glad I stopped here before going to the Zoo to walk it off.  LOLDo you believe in love at first bite??I finally got to see what all the hype is about.Growing up in Southern California we had a place called Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. And it was always a great treat to my buds of taste. So I had to experience the flavor fest again as I always liked the pairing of the two foods.But I could never convince myself that waiting in a long line for a brunch would be worth the blood, sweat, and tears. Okay, well only plenty of sweat obviously... But I must admit that it is worth it.Well like many other people, I have waited in much longer lines for a simple thrill ride at an amusement park. And I do enjoy food much more than a roller coaster. So I pulled a Jack Burton and said "Ahh, what the heck"I arrived on a Friday to the Klub and the line wasn't even that bad anyway. Maybe 15 minutes at the most. Friendly staff all around made the experience much nicer. I felt inclined to order the chicken and waffles since it is solely what my visit was for. And I knew it was a big hit from other reviews. The chicken and the batter itself that it was cooked in was so delicious! The waffle was not too shabby either. I really like the semi-quaint atmosphere and simple setting inside all together.And for a beverage I tried the home made lemonade, and this stuff is also great. I once made fun of the folks waiting in the heat for hours just to make it in. But I can honestly see why now that I have experienced it myself.Great experience all around! Like Ahhnold would say "I'll be BOCK"Next visit: Catfish and grits....I was advise this is the place to eat breakfast in Houston so I had to try it. Lucky for us the was a small line and we were seated in 5 mins. We ordered the traditional bacon and eggs with toast and it was OK but nothing to write home about. For 2 drinks and two regular bacon and eggs breakfasts totaled just over $30.00.I could have received the same a number of places for 30-40% less. I'm not cheap but I refuse to be overcharged like I was. In respect, I will never go back to his high dollar, nothing special place. All I know is the owner(s) are making a killing by overcharging for a simple breakfast.A coworker brought back takeout during the lunch hour.  I checked the menu online and really wanted one of the cajun dishes BK serves (e.g. red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee..).  It appears you have to come on specific days as some dishes are only served as daily specials.BK has plenty of breakfast selections, but two signature dishes: catfish/grits and wings/waffles.   I decided to go with the Wings and Waffles.  You can't go wrong with the chicken at BK.  The waffle is a standard belgian waffle, but the chicken is deliciously spiced.  6 wings piping hot.  Great for brunch or lunch.I think BK's menu used to be better when I visited in the past...now it appears to be mostly sandwiches and salads for lunch.  I would rather see more southern dishes back on the menu all days of the week.First off the place has a coffee house feel to it. We were immediately greeted when we walked in by a smiling face. The cashier was also courteous and patient while we decided what to order. Later in out meal someone stopped by to ask us how we were doing. Quite a pleasant atmosphere. Food may be slightly overpriced, but I have no problem paying for good food and supporting a local business.Now being this was my first time, I had to get the wings and waffles. Half a dozen wings serenade a single waffle. The wings were REALLY crispy, and well seasoned. On top of that, they were pretty large wings. The waffle was nothing to write home about but we all know the waffle is the chaser for the wings. They also had 5-6 different brews of coffee on tap if that is your thing.My wife loves this place.  The fish and grits was good but the prices are a bit steep for breakfast, esp in Houston.  But I can say that I was pleased with everything that I had.The line was not as bad as I thought. I waited for 15 minutes was seated. I got the chicken and grits. The grits were the best grits I ever tasted. The chicken wings were okay. The coffee here is really good. Overall this place is great,  the food is a little bit pricey but they do give you a lot of food.Super good. There is always a long line but it is all worth the wait!Since moving to Houston my wife and I are trying to methodically attack all of the famous must eat restaurants in Houston.  This is one of those places that we had heard of before moving here so we knew it was on the must eat list.  I am glad we finally got to try it, but my review is very mixed.  There were some really great things on the menu, others were ok, and some were pretty awful.  Overall I would give this place a 3.3/5.  As always, my reviews are for the food only.  We started off with the world famous chicken and waffles.  I grew up in Buffalo  and they still have my favorite wings.  That being said, these distant cousins of the buffalo wings great.  The breading had a great seasoning that mixed spicy and savory.  They were fried just right, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  The chicken was a grade A and non-frozen.  The wings themselves were no doubt a 5/5. The problem with the dish was the waffle.  It honestly was no different than the ones you would get at a denny's or cheap diner.  It was soggy, not crisp as it should be.  The batter itself had no remarkable flavor.  It was your average run of the mill waffle, so It deserves an average 3/5 rating.  We also got the green eggs and ham breakfast plate.  The best part of the dish was the biscuit.  It was was moist, buttery, and had a great flaky consistency.  A very solid effort, 4/5 The eggs were cooked  spinach, peppers, and chives. I thought for sure that this would make them more flavorful, but sadly it didn't really deliver.  I thought the eggs were only slightly better than you would find at a cheap diner. I expect more out of a $14 dish.  3.25The grits were also a bit of a disappointment.  There consistency was all off.  Instead of a nice creamy texture they were grainy.  The flavor was a little off too.  They attempted to cover this up by dousing it with butter, but even that was unable to save the dish.  3/5By far the weakest part of the meal was the ham.  I am really hit or miss with ham.  If it is high quality, cooked well, with appropriate spices I really love it.  If not, it is one of my most hated meats.  This was not high quality and really should not be served with a $14 dollar breakfast.  1/5The coffee situation was another high note.  They have a decent number of selections and the ones we sampled were high quality.  The refills are also easy to get.  As for the soda, I think it's a little ridiculous to charge over $3 for a fountain soda that you refill yourself. This really was a very difficult place to rate.  The chicken wings and the biscuits were really tasty while the ham was terrible.  In between there was a lot of mediocrity.  The prices are high for breakfast, but I am 100% willing to pay them if the food is great.  Unfortunately I didn't feel this way as I left the restaurant.  I know I will be back at some point and try a few different items off the menu. I will adjust the grading accordingly with future visits.I really wanted to like this place. I really did but it was just okay.Pros: I ordered the chicken and waffles (switched the waffles for french toast) and the texture of the chicken was perfect. It was juicy and tender. As for customer service, the employees were very courteous and helpful. They were also very HAPPY. That may be weird to say but I've been to places where you could tell that the servers there did not like their job at all. The employees worked well with another like they were one large family. And they seemed genuinely concerned if you enjoyed your meal or not.Cons: I've had better fried chicken. I wanted to try the signature dish because I love southern fried chicken and had really high hopes for this dish. Sadly, I was disappointed. It was lacking in flavor. Yes the texture was perfect but the flavor makes up for most of a dish. I tried eating it with some hot sauce but it was still just okay. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles and the waffle looked kind of weird; the color was very pale. Another friend ordered the catfish with grits. The catfish was good but it was too dry for me. Check out my photo for Screen Door in Portland, Oregon. When I said that I have had better chicken, this is the place that I am referring to. The fried chicken was amazing and also looks more appetizing than the fried chicken pictures from The Breakfast Klub. yelp.com/biz_photos/scre… Final Verdict: The line is really long and despite it being one of the most popular places in town, I don't think its worth it. Of course this is my own preference but I think you can find better fried chicken elsewhere. No I will not come here again unless my friends forced me to.Yeah yeah yeah the food is good but standing in line for 20+ minutes is not. If there's no wait then go for it but it's nothing worth waiting in that crazy long line.I've been here twice. Once last year, and once last week. Things haven't changed, and it's still delicious! The parking sitch is a pain (anytime on the weekend) and you'll circle a few times til you find something. Their lot is tiny, but there's street and further lot parking... Short walk away. The line is long, like 45min-hour long, but it's mostly covered by tarps so you're not in direct sunlight. It does move fast, bit still be prepared to stand in an outdoor line.Once you're in, order and pay at counter, get a number, then a host finds you a table. The staff is very helpful. They're prompt in finding seating, getting condiments, etc. food comes out super fast too.It's obvious they try to get you in and get you out to accommodate the line, but in a very personable and inviting way.Somewhat pricy. Chicken wings and waffle, a biscuit, and coffee was $23. A little hight for 1 person, but portion was generous. I tok half home.I'll be back when I have the time!Maybe I was here on a bad day, maybe I was here in a not great mood, maybe it was a full moon, maybe a lot of things, but I just was not at all impressed with The Breakfast Klub.Don't get me wrong, I thought the food was good. Very Greasy, but good. I had the chicken and waffles (a first ever experience for me). The chicken was a special kind of greatness and it's pretty tough not to have success with a waffle. I also had a caramel latte, which I wasn't in love with because it was WAY too sweet. My teeth hurt as I'm typing this just thinking about it. We had passed this establishment numerous times and wanted to try it. Many times we were set to go but saw the line out the door and ended up changing our plans. This went on for two and a half years until finally one day I was off work on a weekday and up early for an appointment with time to spare. Parking even on a weekday was kind of a pain because we had to park two blocks away. There was not a line outside, but there was still a wait on the inside to order. While we were waiting, we were told how the restaurant works by a very vocal employee (which she had to be to overcome the blaring music). She was nice, I just have a problem with being told how to navigate their unique business model early in the morning while hungry, lacking caffeine and being bombarded with ridiculously loud gospel music. We figured out what we wanted and proceeded up to the cashier to order. For two of us, the total ended up being $45 for chicken & waffle, a croissant sandwich a latte, an iced tea and a coffee. We were a little shocked (especially for walk up service) but we figured we were paying for what we assumed to be the greatest meal known to man. After paying, we crossed the major traffic hub in the restaurant into a corner to get our beverages. I think each of us got run into by employees and patrons at least three times. Not once did either of us get an apology or a "pardon me". Annoyed, we brushed it off as a popular place and the breakfast rush. Once we sat down, it took about ten minutes until our food arrived. As stated earlier, the food was good. If I could get just the chicken, I totally would.All in all, we just weren't impressed with The Breakfast Klub. Which is a shame because we absolutely LOVE their other restaurant Reggae Hut, even though we have yet to have our ordered filled for a jerk chicken salad sandwich in the three visits we've had there for a variety of reasons including "you're not allowed to order the jerk chicken salad on the first visit!"The Breakfast Klub just wasn't our greatest experience.I'm a waffle enthusiast! Like really obsessed with waffles. My husband and I just so happened to be kid free one Saturday morning so we went out for a breakfast date.I Yelped waffles and The Breakfast Klub popped up! We had never been there so after reading reviews decided to try it.When we pulled up the line was about 40 people outside of the door. They were smart enough to hand out menus to those waiting in line to make the process faster. We waited for about 30 min before we ordered which was ok with us. We ordered the chicken and waffles, the pork chop plate, fruit cup and coffee. Everything came out pretty quickly and the portions were a good size. My waffle was crisp and sweetened perfectly. And the wings were crispy and juicy(not greasy) lol! My hubby's pork chop plate was huge! And everything on it was delicious! He even had leftovers! My Karamel macchiato was way to sweet for my tasting but everything else was soooo good and worth the wait!Came here on a Sunday morning 10AM and the line was about 15-20mins long. When we left around 11:30, the line quadrupled to about an hour. This place is famous for their chicken and waffles. The menu also advertises catfish and grits to be another signature dish. We got both to see what the hype was all about, especially for the chicken and waffles. The dishes were a bit pricey at about $15 a plate, so make sure you brought a partner for sharing. The wings were very moist with the right amount of breading. The seasoning fell a little short for me though, since I like to eat them alone or with a little bit of ketchup, without the syrup. The waffles were my favorite part. These are the best waffles I've had so far. The warm syrup melted the butter onto the waffle and had me begging for more after each bite.  Truth be told, I ended up eating way more waffle than chicken when I shared the dish.  For the catfish, it would've taken a miracle to impress me, since I've had some of the best catfish in New Orleans. This catfish was better than most place in TX, but still very average for me. The catfish is served with very buttery and delicious grits. The waffles and grits are what make this place 4 stars in my book. Tips:  -Get the chicken and waffles, and grits only  -Go early to avoid the long line  -Parking is limited so carpool  -Free coffee up front while you wait in a preposterously long line  -Make friends with your line-neighbor, you'll probably be stuck with them a while    -If you're starving, it's not a good idea to wait in a long line...you might die from starvation Did I mentioned the line is long?The concept is great. I've been here a few times and it gets better each time, and busier! The line is incredibly long so get there early! It can be a little heavy for breakfast though. But there are plenty of different options. My husband's favorite of course is the chicken and waffles. I really wish they could expand their eating area so that the wait isn't so long and crowded all the time!Decent.  Just expensive for what you get, and only getting more expensive.If they ONLY served chicken and waffles it'd be an easy five stars. The wings are well seasoned and taste even better with maple syrup~ I could eat a KFC sized bucket of those things.Their other offerings though I found to be average. I found the catfish meal a tad greasy. Also food is definitely not cooked to order. Instead it's constantly being churned out with the expectation that someone will order it. Usually I'll receive my food within a minute of settling down at a table. So definitely come for the wings but skip everything else.Excellent breakfast place, try the chicken and waffles.Cool place great food great wait staff and great customers at the near by tables.Take a out of town friend they go crazy over the place!Short, simple, to the point:  Best wings & waffles. Just be ready to whip out the cash for it.CHIGGIN Y WAFFLES.I loved the crispiness of the chicken strips and the fluffiness of the waffles. CHIGGIN: The chicken was super juicy and it wasn't swamped with batter; good chicken to batter ratio. Also, they're chicken tenders and not full chicken pieces (apparently some get upset with that detail but I donut; if you're one of these people, this place is still worth going to. JUSTDOIT.). WAFFLES: The waffles had a nice crisp to em too. Yay! That fluffy with a crisp combo was superb. Chiggn y waffles: Oh the sweet and savoriness works so well. I think there's usually a line, but I suppose I got lucky when I went and  I think it was around 11am or something. Food came out at a reasonable time.Can't wait to go back! :)This place is very mediocre. The food is always fresh, but I have tasted a lot better. Sometimes the long waits are not worth it... BUT with this being one of the "go to" spots here in Houston, i would still reccommend it to anyone traveling to houston. My personal fav here is the omellete or the fish and grits !There aren't very many words for me to put here. I'm still full and we had breakfast here almost 12 hours ago. My metabolism didn't know what was about to hit it!If you're overwhelmed when you get to this Houston-legend, don't worry: the line moves relatively quickly, the food is served at a blinding fast speed, the service is heart-warming, and the food is outstanding. The profit margin is mind-boggling, but the price is well worth it.Can't decide what to eat? Don't worry, their signature dishes won't let you down. They're on the front of the menu and the folks that work at BK will gladly remind you that those are the signature dishes for a reason.Enjoy (you have no other choice)!What can I say that hasn't already been said a hundred timesWhat could I possibly say about this place that hasn't already been said in the 700+ other reviews of Breakfast Klub? Not much but I'm gonna say it anyway in case any of you missed the discussion about DELICIOUS AMAZING AWESOME CHICKEN N WAFFLES SENT FROM HEAVEN AND BLESSED BY THE POPE OF GOOD EATS. They're amazing. I mean, if I had to engineer my own death, I'd just go to Breakfast Klub every morning and feast on chicken n' waffles 'til my arteries gave out. Worth it.Worth the minimum 40 minute wait because everybody in this whole city wants the same thing I do. They want delicious Southern comfort food, great service by the nicest waitress on this side of the Mason Dixon line, and they want to say they've visited one of Houston's most iconic eateries. How iconic and good are we talking? I struck up a conversation with a couple in front of me. They were tourists from Vermont. "We heard about this place... is it really worth the hype?" And everybody in line just laughed and laughed... yes, yes it is, Yankees. Enough talking, GO GO GO!After hearing many great things about this establishment, I finally got a chance to eat here with a big group of friends from school. Let's just say that I might have found a new favorite breakfast joint! After waiting for only a brief period of time in line (I went on a Wednesday for a late breakfast/early lunch and it wasn't too busy, so I think that would be a good time for anyone who is in a bit of a hurry to eat here), I ordered the infamous wings and waffles. Omg, the wings and waffle are to die for! I'm usually a pretty tough critic when it comes to fried chicken because I tend to find that many places make their chicken too oily and/or flavorless, but this chicken was absolute perfection! It was not too oily, and the chicken was seasoned just enough to give it great flavor without being too overpowering. The waffle was nice and fluffy. It was a great complement to the chicken.The service is wonderful! The whole staff is so friendly and welcoming. They genuinely care if you are enjoying your experience there. They are also very quick. After ordering my food, I don't think I waited more than 10 minutes for it to arrive at my table. The atmosphere is also great. It is a very relaxed, casual place. The inside has an old, southern charm to it. The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that the food is pretty expensive. But you do get a lot of food for the price!Overall, I am very pleased with my experience here. I will definitely be back again and try out other menu items as well. I highly recommend!Long lines every day of the week are a sure sign this place is good. Their parking lot is super tiny though so I recommend parking somewhere on the street, with a meter. I loved that the staff gave directions on how things worked, which definitely kept things going smoothly, because otherwise the organized line would probably be more of a amorphous blob of confused patrons. All you really need to know is that you place your order at the counter. To keep things moving, it's probably best to read the menu in line.Pretty much everything is delicious (as far as I can tell). Personally, I loved the biscuits and gravy -- they are soo much better than Waffle House! As my breakfast companion said the waffles here are almost, but not quite perfect; simply lacking the slight crispness on the outside that would finish them off right.Every good breakfast place needs lots of coffee, and the self-serve coffee pots here hit the spot. Right next to the cream, sugar, and silverware.Food comes out insanely fast, so even though the wait was long it's pretty much the same time to stuffing your face as one of those places where you get to sit down first. There are not very many tables, but everyone seems to chow down and go; by the time you order, there will be an open table waiting.Kitschy place, average food, very good service, long lines.  I'd rather go to Theo's for a great breakfast.Best breakfast in town.  Don't expect anything healthy here though.  Grits are awesome, chicken wings are awesome, everything is done well.Lines are ridiculous.  Waits are too long.  Food is not worth it.  The food is OK but by the time one waits for 40 min it loses it's appeal thus the reason I have marked it as not suitable for kids or groups.The line was all the way to the curb, but ended up being about 30-45 min wait. Ordered the katfish w/ grits and chicken &. Waffles, which where both delicious. I would say the catfish w/ grits was my favored between the 2. Gf says the wings were a little oily but still great. You pay at the front and seat yourself.. We got our food 2-3 min after sitting downIt must be true what they say about money...People get a little money and customer service and quality goes down the drain. I used to be a regular at TBK during undergrad. I used to rave about this place to my visiting friends and TBK couldn't do me wrong. However along with the company logo things have changed in this place. Prices on the food have inflated substantially and it appears the quality of the food has declined as well since I last visited. Aside from all of that, what really has turned me off and led me to never return to this place is the poor treatment my friend and I received upon our visit 3 months back. It was probably my fault for visiting the place during non regular hours, but I thought hey what a great way to finish off our night with what I considered to be good food prior to receiving it that evening. As you know this place is notorious for having folks wait in a 20 min to 1 hour long line. That night we waited an hour. (It was during All Star weekend and they were open until 5 am.) I had purchased one of the $10 for $20 deals back in October and decided to use it that night. The deal is redeemable with the print out or they can scan your phone. So not thinking it would be an issue I decided to just use the scan your phone option. After waiting in line freezing for an hour my friend and I get to the front place our orders and I show the cashier my phone deal, she kind of screws up her face, then turns around and ask some other associate about it, that person then comes looks under the counter real quick then tells me they can't find the scanner that they are not redeeming the deal right now..So I was really  irritated after hearing this b/c I was supposed to be treating my friend and now we had to come out of pocket. Not to mention the fact that I am sure she just said that because she did not want to look for the mechanism that is used to scan the phone....We both had ordered one of the signature dishes catfish and grits....food quality has declined ... both of our catfish were over fried , too greasy and dark. I ordered a biscuit  with mine and it was cold and hard...eggs cold, the food was just overall pitiful for $17...So as we are trying to stomach down our $17 meal of garbage the guy that is wiping down the tables is coming and damn near taking our plates from right in front of us as if he is trying to rush us out the restaurant...he never ask if we are done he is just grabbing at our plates utensils and so forth so we had to ask him to stop that we were clearly not finished with our food...So this man stands there beside the table waiting on us to finish...Mean while all this foolishness is taking place the owner (Marcus) is walking around from table to table speaking with the other patrons in the place and I kid you not he goes to every table but ours to check on the food, this I believe was deliberate...To say the least TBK has finally started feeling themselves and feel that they are too great to fail now so unfortunately quality of service and food has declined and they have lost a customer in myself or any one I associate with. I have spread the word and shall continue too...Canyon Creek offers comparable selections at more competitive prices with no wait...they will get my business for now on if I am looking for catfish and grits.When I first saw this place, I could not believe the long line of people waiting to get in!  Once I had the chance to dine-in, I can tell you it is worth the wait. I've had their veggie omelette, wings & waffles, and BLT. Their buttered Texas toasts with the heaping portion of bacon and lettuce in between is nothing like the BLTs I've tasted before.  I love the endless kofee served in a large mug, too!Service is remarkable and the place has very positive vibe. The owner definitely has all the right ingredients in running a business, from the people he employs to the food he serves. I can see why this place is popular.  I look forward to coming here for breakfast or brunch - such a treat, and I'm not at all surprised by the amazing review!  =)Best chicken and waffles without going out of state. I love my comfort food and they will put cheese and bacon on anything, no trouble. If you can get there before 10:30am, it's a quick seating and they won't run out of the special. After that, it's a thirty minute wait at least. (Don't bother on 4/20). Line wraps around the building daily. Tons of diverse groups. Food is served quickly but the quality and quantity is superb. Very flavorful southern cooking. I love the triple meat omelette and of course the wings. Grits are out of this world. Bussers and staff are incredibly friendly, personable, and eager to make it amazing. Owners are Kappa (thus the Klub) and Delta. Super nice and often there to talk to guests. Don't forget to try the sweet tea and lemonade. Order two, they're addicting! Can't forget the unique flavors of bottomless coffee.One word! Fried Pork Chop and Eggs! I can't get enough of this dish. Every time I come I order this..I pick the chop up with my hands and dig in like its pizza! This place is amazing and I love the front door lady that works in the mornings. She always makes me feel good.WHAT!!??  YOU'VE NEVER HAD CHICKEN AND WAFFLES?!Don't knock it till you try it!  I've driven by this place; seen the line outside the building but never stopped to visit until a friend insisted.  When it comes to fried chicken and waffles... ohhh shut yo mouth because this place serves the best!  I've tried other restaurants but this place is by far the tastiest!  If you see a line outside, don't just drive by, the wait is well worth it!You always have to wait in line but it is SO worth it. The chicken and grits are MONEY, maybe because you are building suspense for 45 minutes in line, but mostly because they make that chicken with love, y'all. The employees are all super nice and do their best to make you feel welcome, handing out coffee and menus in line and striking up some conversation to make you forget how ravenously hungry you are. Definitely worth the wait.ohhhhmygod. You won't hear me saying this often, but: the wait is worth it. I really enjoyed the hustle and bustle of the line outside and even more so when they delivered my chicken wings & waffle to the table. The combo is so nice, I just love the mix of sweet and savory-as well as the nice texture of both the wings and waffle.We got there before they opened and were the first in line! We were surprised how joyous they were in the morning. Food was excellent and the manager even brought over some grits and potatoes for us to try. I will be bringing out of town guests here it was a great place!Great food, but who wants to pay $20+ for breakfast?Last month my co-worker picked up my to-go order, I ordered Belgian waffles, eggs, ham, and grits from here and it came to $18.78 or something like that. It was close to $19. It was an outrageous price for the heavily buttered meal - the grits were nauseating, and I LOVE butter/sugar grits. I could have cooked this for a family of 4 at home. The Breakfast Klub is just overpriced southern-style breakfast served at a restaurant deemed a "Hot Spot" within the African American and Houston community. I'd rather have brunch at Farrago's, Lucille's, or Ouisi's Table, than to pay this outrageous price for mediocre breakfast food.Visited last Saturday, 7/13/13, to experience the taste of Houston before coming home.Considering the popularity of this place, the wait wasn't too long. I had the wings and waffles. Of course I compared this place to Roscoe's. Roscoe's has them beat with the waffles but the flavorful and extra crispy chicken could possibly beat in a side by side taste test.This place is a bit pricey and unfortunately doesn't have a kids menu.Sassy Mary (and another lady) provided great service, thanks again.We were there a few years ago, like 3, maybe 4 years ago.It was during the lunch hour and the line was out the door.The atmosphere was great...cozy.We were looking forward to trying their popular Chicken and Waffles, but were disappointed.The chicken wings lacked flavor and the waffles were less than memorable.We haven't been back there since but may just to try something different.Service was excellent, in spite of the long line, they had a lady working it, handing out menus, the cashier was friendly, the staff in the dining area were nice (and reminded us to get silverware etc) so that part was excellent.Waiting for 20-30 minutes outside in the Houston heat, wasn't so fun.  Especially when it resulted in me paying over $20 for breakfast.  Say what?!Extortion.Breakfast Klub with a K is 'kuirky', but having K's all over the menu? Just annoying. The lemonade tasted like sugary water, not much hint of lemon and way too much sugar.  Disappointing.I got the catfish (no grits), potatoes, eggs, and toast.  The plate was swimming in grease (it was even pooling on my eggs!) Catfish was overcooked (way too dark a colour brown) and the seasoning on it almost knocked my head off, way too strong.Atmosphere, like service, gets 5 stars for sure, but the food I had wasn't great.  Maybe next time I should just cave and get fried chicken for breakfast, it seemed to be the hugely popular choice around the dining room! It's definitely an experience, but it's a pricey, greasy one!Great food, long line!The best breakfast ever!!!The Breakfast Klub chicken and waffles (and catfish) were absolutely amazing!  The portions are pretty big and definitely worth the wait.  I'm pretty sure we ended up taking some food home.  The coffee is also great...The only complaint is that the lines are long (popular restaurant) and that it's a "cafeteria style" restaurant...so you order your food and get a number, find a seat in the crowded restaurant and wait for your food to be brought to you.This place is like 2.5 stars...maybe. I don't really understand the appeal/hype to it, but everyone has different preferences. The food is not bad at all. It's just....okay. I guess it's one of those places you absolutely have to try if you're visiting or live in Houston just to say you've been there. I wouldn't return. We tried the french toast, chicken & waffles, and catfish & grits. I think the french toast was the best out of what we sampled. The total was around $45-$50. I think unremarkable is a pretty accurate description.Back about three months, before the days when my wheat allergy reared it's ugly (and I mean UGLY) head, I was delighted to eat a chicken fried steak at the Breakfast Klub. It's expensive. Meaning, drinks are $3.75, and a SIDE SALAD was $7.75. However, the food here, for those who can still enjoy waffles, and pancakes, and all beautiful things fried to a crispy golden brown...this is your place. It's fantastic. You won't be disappointed.It was very good and for the line they are very fastYes, I love the chicken and waffles there!I would never normally wait in crazy lines just to get into a restaurant for food. There are two exceptions... Mother's in New Orleans and this piece of Houston goodness. I will wait around the building's corner for some Breakfast Klub! Don't know what to eat when you finally make it in? Chicken and Waffles. Done. Thank me later.(Whoops.... started this review in 2001 and never completed it) We ordered the chicken and waffles, all meat omelette and the pancakes.  We all agreed the chicken was excellent and the waffles were just ok.  The kids liked their pancakes.Loved this place! I went with a group around 11am. There was a line that started to wrap around to the side of the building. At first, I was a little turned off at the idea of standing outside in this Texas heat, but it's mostly shaded and the line moved MUCH faster than I thought. It was about ten minutes and we were inside!Once we ordered our food, I quickly realized why there was a long line - it's all delicious! I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich (fantastic) and a couple others ordered their staple menu item - chicken and waffles. No complaints and all of the food got to our table in five minutes flat. They are clearly doing something very right at this restaurant and I can't wait to return :)It's ok. Not at all worth the hype or wait.Coffee is average.Food is ok but no better than other places less crowded.If there was one last breakfast you could ever have, fly out to Houston and let it be this place! The fried chicken is out of this world here! I had to close my eyes to properly savor each bite. The crunchy seasoned breading on the chicken formed a symphony with the tender juicy chicken that lay underneath. I'm not a fan of grits either, but if grits tasted as full, buttery and rich as the grits here, I would probably eat it every day! The shredded cheese addition sprinkled over the top wrapped each bite in wonderful flavor!I also had the pleasure of enjoying the fried catfish. I believe the catfish breading tasted just as harmonious as the breading on the chicken and the catfish was cooked to perfection, tender and soft in the middle.Can you tell I love this place?! The line goes quickly and is worth the wait. The staff is super friendly and it feels like you're at "home" when you're here! I can't wait to come to Houston again to return here.Nothing but good things came out of this place thus m orning. Food was hot and out to my table before I was situated..I will return and it was worth my stay in Houston!!!!I have heard nothing but wonderful things about this place, and I have to say-I was not disappointed!I have to give a hands down to everyone who works here. They are some of the most friendly staff I have ever met. They joke with you while you wait in line, constantly check on you while you're eating to make sure you have everything you need, just make small talk. Some of the best service I've had!I felt like since they were known for their chicken and waffles, that's what I had to get. I went with 4 friends, and 3 out of 5 of us got the chicken and waffles. They were outstanding! I'm very traditional when it comes to breakfast food but I was not disappointed. They chicken was done just right and you can never go wrong with waffles. The other 2 got the french toast and then an egg dish, which we all mooched. Also delicious! The only thing I would have to say is that after the meal went down, about 30 minutes later, my friends and I who got the chicken and waffles did have some serious stomach pains. it may have been just a tad to rich for us to take in the morning. Even so, I still recommend that dish! And the only other downside is that it was slightly expensive for a breakfast place. But all in all, fabulous!This place was great! If you are looking for a perfect breakfast gem, this is it!Delicious food and generous portions.  My husband and I like to go for a late breakfast on weekdays when it isn't so crowded.  Its also a great place to bring people visiting Houston who want to try some more southern style food.The staff are really friendly and service is fast!This place is a hard one to rate.  Though  i think it has some of the best brunch/breakfast fare in Houston  i've had better food from other breakfast/brunches in other cities.  The reason for the a-ok rating is that the long lines and the prospect of waiting there is no way i think some waffles and chicken is worth the dreadful heat we have here in houston.  the staff was friendly from what i remember and i do not think you would regret coming here for their food.  I just do not think it is worth the wait.  but if you don't mind the wait then there probably isn't a better place to go for a southern brunch.Disclaimer: this review is largely based on their two signature items: the catfish+grits and the chicken + waffles.  Food: *Catfish is breaded nicely but is very salty for my taste.  The fish is definitely fresh and has a great texture.  The grits were okay, though I got it without cheese or anything fancy. * The fried chicken wings were a bit greasier than I liked, but flavors are there and texture is wonderful.  The breading is just okay.  The waffles were the real disappointment, not that they are bad, but they are just average.  I like my waffles crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and these were just limp all over.  (I compare all fried chicken and waffles places to what I consider to be the ultimate benchmark: Buttermilk Channel in Brooklyn, NY).  Roscoe's in LA is better, but not by much, though they can load on that gravy on the west coast.Setting: Absolutely comforting!  I love it when the staff talks to me and strikes up conversation, but some might not.  I couldn't help but smile.  The interior design is rustic and clean.  The crowd is lively.The Wait: we went on a weekday, not too long of a line, but still worth the wait.Parking: Valet available, but I just used metered parking on the same block.Summary: Fun, wait in line, chicken and waffles just on par but nothing specialGreat food. Great environment. Employees are super friendly you cannot help but be happy and smile when at The Breakfast Klub. Even when waiting in line! Lines can be long in the mornings so get their early if you need to get in and out. Service is always quick so you dont have to wait longer than 30 mins. customers also know this so they get in and get out. The owner usually walks around and greets everyone. Sometime I think he is my best friend cause he has that greeting like he knows you. but i know he is just a nice guy. Food is tasty but expensive. Top breakfast place for my in Houston. Order chicken and waffles, Grits.This place lived up to the hype. Yes, it's pricey, but our plates of chicken and waffles were beyond enormous and perfectly executed. The coffee was delicious and the staff were attentive and very friendly.The soulful gospel music that accompanied our meal added a nice touch (we don't get much of that in Vancouver), and my husband and I left stuffed and happy.Highly recommended.The lines are outrageous and the food isn't all that good.I wasn't all that impressed with Breakfast Klub.Yes, the service was great. Staff was polite and the line moved fast. Order time was similar to a fast food joint.But the food hit my stomach like a rock! That warm and fuzzy feeling in your heart everyone talks about? I'm pretty sure that's a heart attack waiting to happen. I got the catfish and grits. My wife got the croissant and potatoes. We couldn't eat it all. It started off delicious but the sodium and fried grease get to you after a while.The prices I feel are also too high for what you get. If we were ever to go here again, we would split a single dish.I REALLY REALLY wanted to give this place more stars......I came for the fried chicken--It's good, definitely.  I am on a quest to find the Awesome Fried Chicken of my youth, so maybe I'm a little hard on fried chicken....so a "pretty good" fried chicken gets 3 stars (Max's got 4--maybe a 3.75).  One thing that gets 4 stars is the interior and the service once you get into the door---for what they are, they deserve that.  Considering the line outside, they don't make you feel rushed once you are seated.  The service, especially if they recignize that you haven't been there before, is fantastic and super-friendly.I had the biscuits and gravy with the wings on the side, since I'm not a big waffle person.  This was agonizing since I usually go with what specialty the restaurant is known for, and that usually turns out well.  I also wanted to try the eggs benedict.The biscuits and gravy were very good, but not why you should come here.The prices are "you are experiencing an icon" prices.  This probably would have been a fantastic place to come to in the early days.THE FRIED CHICKEN!!!!! Underwhelmed by the waffle but the fried chicken and grits and hot syrup and extremely kind and hospitable staff made up for it. The assistant  manager even took the time to chat with me! What a fantastic way to start my day! Thank you Breakfast Klub!Dwight Howard loves it. Houston loves it. I love it.Seriously great food and do not be turned away by the line.  The line moves rather quickly and any wait is worth it!  This breakfast institution is a must and I take everyone that visits Houston to this place.  When my cousins visited last, they wanted to go twice.  I had the catfish and it was amazing.  My only regret is letting my fiance get the chicken and waffles so I only got to sample its sweet, savory and salty combination of flavors for a couple bites.  Don't get me wrong the catfish was great and the best toast ever was served with it.  I can see myself going back very soon! It lives up to the hype!When I walked in the hostess was very friendly and helpful (as were all the other servers). There was a line when we got there, but it moved quickly. Don't order until everyone on your group gets there, because food come out one at a time. Most people clearly get the chicken and waffles, but we went a different route. And it was great! we had the breakfast special and the eggs were clearly well sourced. We also had the croissant and the breakfast club sandwich. Both delicious. The grits were great, too. Lots of butter and cheese, if you're into that. Every one was full and we took home almost half our food. (which is good because it's more like "$$" restaurant) It was seat yourself and help yourself for drinks, silver wear and to-go boxes. We were confused about tipping, because you pay when you order, but the service was so friendly we made sure to lease a tip at the register on the way out.The staff. Friendly, inviting, funny, welcoming, positively wonderful. The food is delicious. This place is always packed, with a huge line out the door, so I wouldn't recommend it if you're uncomfortable in crowds or in a hurry. The staff interact with you while you're waiting, though, and once you order, your food is out in a flash. There's a reason this place is so popular.LOVEEEE ITTTT HEREEEEE!!definitely my fav breakfast place of all time! Top 3 things on the menu:1. Wings & Waffle 2. Catfish and grits3. french toast!!I strongly recommend the wings and waffle! best wings everrrr! waffles are really fluffy and good...If you're not into fried chicken so early then i also highly recommend the french toast:) its fluffy on the inside and nicely crispy on the outside!i love love love their grits... i normally dont like grits, but its so creamy? nutty? just somethin extra here :)i recommend going there early if you dont want to wait in line for everrr...their lines get really long after 9 or 10... going there around 8 should be good:) definitely a must go place if you're in houston!Insanely overrated!!!  Since I've lived in Houston all I've heard is "blah, blah, blah Breakfast Klub this, Breakfast Klub that..."  So, I thought I'd give it a shot.  Mistake.  We ordered chicken and waffles, the supposedly famous staple dish served.  To my dismay, the chicken was dark meat wings that were overly greasy and slimy.  The line is horrifically long, especially for the quality of the food.  Actually, I think the food was overpriced!  I'm not sure if Up still has chicken and waffles on Monday night, but if they do it's totally worth the few extra dollars.  I'm convinced that most people that try this place give it a good review and recommend others to dine here because it's so widely known as "the place to go" for breakfast and brunch.  It's almost like people don't want to say negative things because they gave in to popular belief and feel suckered.Very good Wings! Very good Waffles! Great Coffee. If you don't get mugged waiting to get in you should be good to go.Something about chicken and waffles that makes my mouth salivate! Oh so good, but I can't do the long lines outside to wait for a table.  I don't have much spare time as it is, so the drive from my house to the restaurant, and then the long lines, just isn't how I want to spend my mornings.  Great food and service once inside though! :)I was visiting a friend in Houston for the weekend and she recommended that we come to The Breakfast Klub for breakfast after church.  I was not about to argue or question her recommendation because breakfast is my favorite meal.  On Sundays I actually eat two breakfasts, one before church and one after.  Anyway, we get to the restaurant and there was literally a line out the door.  We had to wait for almost an hour before we were seated.  Our server was very courteous and I quickly decided on the french toast meal with crispy bacon (just the way I like it) and scrambled eggs.  All I can say is hmmm hmmm mmmm.  It was oh so delectable that I wanted more even though I was stuffed.  If I didn't have to wait this place definitely would've received 5 stars.Memorial Day was my first visit to the legendary Houston eatery The Breakfast Klub.  Until then, I had successfully avoided all attempts by friends and colleagues to wait in that monstrosity of a line for what they kept arguing was the best breakfast ever.  I frequent a nearby brunch spot, so I had driven by and witnessed the varying length lines on multiple occasions.  I just could never bring myself to subject myself (or my kids) to waiting that long for food.This last weekend was a rare occasion when I was child free, and so when my friend suggested we eat at The Breakfast Klub, I agreed, because I wasn't sure I'd have another opportunity anytime soon when I could wait in a line without children dangling on my legs asking "Are we there yet?"We made plans to go on Monday, Memorial Day, and got there fairly early (just before 10am).  When we arrived, the line was only 3/4 of the way wrapped around the parking lot, which was fairly short compared to some length lines I have seen in the past.  So I dropped my friend off to wait in line, parked the car, and came to claim my spot in the line.  Luckily, because of the length of the line, the entire time we were waiting, we were underneath various canopies, so we were not in the direct Houston heat.  The people in line were all friendly, and there was lots of chit chat going on, with regulars schooling newcomers, etc.  A staff member also came through occasionally and brought by menus for those in line.  As we finally approached the front door, there was another staff member waiting just inside asking how many people were in our party, and directing us to open tables.  We placed our orders, and really, by the time we got our drinks/silverware and got settled at the table, our meals arrived.  Several times throughout our meal, various staff members stopped by our table to see how we were doing and if we needed anything else.  Now, so far, this sounds like a pleasant experience, right? So why only 3 stars.  Here are my reasons.1.  I don't like waiting for things.  Even though the line was relatively short on my particular visit, it still took close to an hour to wait and get inside just to order. 2.  It was pretty pricey for what you get.  I ordered catfish and grits, with coffee, and it was over $20.  I can have a nice sit down brunch with a mimosa and coffee and eggs benedict for roughly the same price at a few nice places around town.3.  I like to have a bloody mary with my brunch.  There. I said it.  I took off an entire star because I couldn't have a bloody mary.  Having said all of that, the food was actually very good.  If I ever crave catfish and grits again, I'll probably come back.  On a weekday.  At 1 pm.  When I won't have to wait in line.  And I won't miss the bloody mary.I remember coming here about a year ago. Like every other yelper, me and my friend ordered the chicken and waffles. BEST CHICKEN.I went before 11, and there was a long line (which is expected). Total was around 30$ something for two people, including coffees.I would love to go again, but waiting in such a long line and paying 14$ for chicken and waffles seems a bit much. :/I guess I am in the minority here when I think this place is overrated. Waited on a Sunday morning in one of the infamous lines that wrap around the building.  Thought I was going to die of heat stroke.  Some shade please? I do like that they pass the menus around to you while you are in line so you know exactly what to order at the register.  Ended up with the famed chicken and waffles.  Thought the waffle was a bit bland and not as crispy as I would like it.  The chicken was good large pieces but nothing out of this world and definitely not worth waiting in that line for.   Add a few dabs of hot sauce to improve it.For some reason, the letter 'c' is replaced with the letter 'k' on the menu.  Katfish.  Hmm.Staff was very, very friendly though.Every now and then I wish I ate chicken.  Mostly when I come here and look at how delicious this fried chicken is with the perfect crisp and breading, and it looks like it's seasoned so well.  And I know I couldn't just bread tofu that well and get the same experience.  My friend that goes with me seems to love it.  He says that the waffle is your standard waffle though.  He also really enjoys the sausage and gravy.  This place has a high price tag for breakfast, but we order so much because you can't pass it up.I just get french toast and eggs over medium.  But the eggs are always cooked perfectly to order and the french toast is delicious.  We had the coffee, but we were underwhelmed with that.  The line to get in the door is long and slow moving for sure, but I really think that builds the place up and makes you excited.  I haven't been at all since the summer.  I love this place, but not enough to stand in the heat for any amount of time.The food was excellent. I had the chicken and waffles. My husband had the fish and grits. We loved it. He always ask when are we going back to the Breakfast Klub again.My mother and I went and we had both there signature meals... it was well worth the wait in line. The food come out fast hot and fresh. The sweet tea is made fresh... fir the money I truly enjoyed and will come back again!I have a love/hate relationship with this place.I love the food, the people, the environment, and the staff.I hate that the friend chicken is so delicious. This place is definitely my favorite for my cheat meals!I know I'll probably get a lot of "boos" for this one, but honestly I don't get all the hype. Yes the chicken and waffles are good, but the Breakfast Klub doesn't have much competition so there is really nothing else to compare it to. 1) You WILL wait in a line whether its 10 mins or an hour. I had to wait for an hour in the wonderful Houston heat. The Klub staff however are very kind and helpful. They usually have tents to stand under, while in line as well as ice cold water and cups.2) If you want a signature plate: Chicken n Waffles and Catfish n Grits, be prepared to drop some money. Those plates run you about $15 each ( 1 waffle, 6 wings) Hot drinks are priced the same as Starbucks. I wish they offered half portions for a cheaper price. 3) The atmosphere isn't really a place for you to sit down and enjoy your meal, as you feel rushed to eat seeing the winding line of hungry customers outside the window. My advice, if you haven't tried it yet, give it a go and see if it's worth the wait and the price.Today's review is brought to you by the letter "B"...Below is a briefing, outlining the by-product of a black-owned building, or establishment, which serves big league breakfast and brunch in the heart of Midtown.Begin your visit bright and early--before 740a on the weekends. Be patient and be part of the beginning of the line now. That way, you'll be done early, around 9a. Otherwise, don't bother, as you'll be waiting for hours outside, bearing the brute force of buffoonery betwixt with a bum belly.By the way, free church music blasts out and about the business' speakers. This brought me back to my young blood days as a boy attending sermons at Black Baptist Churches. So, now I've been to service, and am about to be served, all by 8am.So, I was blessed with two birds and one big ass boulder! Boyyy stoppp!Once inside, ignore the hustle and bustle of the staff, as it's very busy. Instead, befriend them and reap the benefits of their benevolent and benign behavior, beginning with your order at the register. So, you're the beneficiary of the bill being payed first.Although they cover a broad spectrum of breakfast and brunch bites, the bulletin of beloved items are listed below:*Katfish and Grits w/Eggs & Biskit*Wings and WafflesNow, I normally bore of this type of food since I was born and bred on it (i.e. I'm burned out on it). But, I had to behold the big-hearted flavor of the first bite of catfish! I'm just saying, I had no bacon, but this breakfast does go H.A.M. (Hard As a Mutha...)!Breathe, just breathe...The beauty of the fried catfish was eating it bare. It's so well seasoned that no dipping sauce was required. The buttery grits were the best I've ever had--bar none! The "biskit" was baked well, but needed a little gravy on its back end. Eggs were basically bland, but you'll season them to your liking.They easily meet, beat, or exceed their brothers for breakfast competition in terms of quality and quantity--IHOP, Waffle House, Pancake House, etc. The Breakfast Klub is a little expensive, but offer big portions and value, so they're better overall. Heck, I'll bodaciously throw my ballot in and say they win.Complaints and/or suggestions? Water boiling too hot for a brew of tea--I had to take it to go *and* add ice cubes. Maybe smaller/cheaper "lite" portions that aren't too big for my britches (6 wings *and* a waffle is a lot of food), but that's about it. Then again, there's "A La Karte", so problem solved.Be that as it may, there's a reason places like this become cultural icons, dining recommendations, and/or city spot phenomenons. So, don't be the boob or black sheep who's never been to The Breakfast Klub in the H.If you have country folks in The Fam or The Crew, this is a must try.Food is always hot and delicious. Only downfall are the lines but once you get in and order and start eating we ALWAYS forget we were even waiting lol... if the owner Marcus is there, he makes his rounds to say hello and check if service was great.Was in town this past weekend for a friends wedding and we heard we had to hit up the breakfast klub if we wanted an incredible breakfast. We went on a Sunday morning around 10 and the line was way out the door. We knew this was normal though bc of the multiple tents they had set up outside. Line moved quickly and it was well worth the short wait! Wow! The wings and waffles are unbelievable! Also, phenomenal pancakes as well. A little pricier but for the quality and quantity of food it's again worth it. One last thing, my friend had a mix up with her order and her meal took longer to come out. The staff refunded her meal and gave her a gift card. Then towards the end of our meal the general manager introduced himself and thanked us for being there. TOP NOTCH EXPERIENCE!My bestie and I shared the wings & waffle. I could eat the wings alone! Beware: there is a line if you show up during prime eating hours.1 hour wait for this place, I think not!Ihop is on the level as this place, and a heck of alot cheaper!I visited The Breakfast Klub this morning with my wife. The service was prompt, and everyone was very friendly, so they get two stars for that. The food, however, was so salty it was almost inedible. I ordered the biscuits and gravy ($8.95). It was served with two biscuits and runny white gravy with small chopped pieces of some time of sausage (not the crumbled sausage you might initially expect). I ate one half of a biscuit and couldn't eat any more. The saltiness really overwhelmed everything and ruined the dish.My wife ordered the wings and waffles  ($13-15, I don't remember exactly) since we've both heard good things about it. The waffle was unremarkable and the chicken, although perfectly crispy and juicy, also suffered from the same heavy handed saltiness. The breading had a tiny bit of heat, which was awesome, but it was barely noticeable over the salt.All that being said, I didn't opt to send either plate back even though two people did come by to see how our food was. I was put off by the food and didn't feel like dealing with the headache and awkwardness of sending food back. I wasn't expecting gourmet breakfast by any means, but I was really let down by the food quality.I'm glad we came on a weekday and avoided the serpentine line they normally have on weekends. I might be willing to try BK again, but if I do, I'll likely order a more standard breakfast plate with eggs, grits, and a biscuit.Preface/background: I am now more focused on quality and am always looking for a great deal (read: value). Less meat, no more 2 Chipotle burrito eating.Way overhyped but I'm glad I tried it. Still a solid 4. We waited in line for only about 10 minutes, but that was because we got there at 7:50am on Sunday morning. Got the chicken and waffles and the catfish with grits and a biscuit. The catfish was very good but a bit too salty. Chicken and waffles were solid. The wings were crunchy on the outside and hot and tender and tasty on the inside. The batter is definitely seasoned with some kind of savory powder goodness. The waffle was good but nothing to write home about.I would definitely recommend this place as a good place to get those two dishes.Was it overhyped? Yes. Was it good? Yes. Would I come back? Yes. End of story. Go in with tempered expectations and you will love it here. Expect the world, and you will be a little disappointed.Another visit. Another mind-blowingly fantastic meal. I'm so in love with TBK's Wings and Waffles that I found myself daydreaming about them for days after my last visit. My wife would catch me staring into space muttering the phrase, "Oh, its soooo good." It's getting bad. I really, really love this place. 5 stars. Easy.P.S. Can someone at TBK rework that hot syrup situation? I make a huge sticky mess over there every single time. Every time. Maybe better cups? Or bigger ones? Or little plates to put those flimsy cups on? I can't be the only one with this problem...Love this place. Awesome Catfish and Grits. Always fresh, hot, and yummy. The owner is always around and gives you the vibe of true southern hospitality. This is a go to spot for a southern breakfast experience. The lines may be long but it is well worth the wait.A long wait but, worth it!!Be ready to wait in line on a Sunday for brunch! Most locals stop by after Sunday service. The waiting time itself isn't too bad, especially when you're going with a group. (We waited a little over half an hour.)Service is quick and the food of course is the epitome of Southern comfort food. The popular items are the katfish and grits (they'll get angry if you spell it with a "c") and wings and waffles. Prices are very reasonable with a range of 10-13 dollars. In addition, you'll probably won't be spending any more money on food since you'll be stuffed for the rest of the day.So, is there a proper way of eating the wings and waffles? Yes! First drizzle the dish with honey. Then take a big bite of that tasty wing/drumstick and quickly stuff your mouth with a slice of that honey-drenched waffle. A must-visit if you are in H-town.BELIEVE THE HYPE.I'm writing this as I emerge from a food coma so please forgive the incoherence of this review. I needed to write this while the memories were fresh. This is unquestionably the best brunch I've ever had, taking into account the trendy, the down-home and the standard New American brunches that I've sampled all over the country. In terms of service, crowd control, quality, value and the added bonus of changing the way I view certain dishes, The Breakfast Klub has everywhere else beat.We assumed that since the weather was grey and cold by Houston standards, we would have a reduced wait time. That may have been accurate as we arrived shortly before 11 and had to wait just 25 minutes. Still, it doesn't look like even wintry weather keeps folks away from The Breakfast Club so be prepared to wait, rain or shine. The experience of waiting is really not arduous if you come before 11 AM, keep your party to a maximum of 3 and remain mindful that there is absolutely a valid reason why people are waiting in a long line-and this place STILL has 4.5 stars after almost 700 reviews. There is delicious free coffee with all the fixings while you wait and they really are extremely efficient once you step inside. We knew what we wanted almost right away so we didn't waste too much time hemming and hawing at the counter.What impressed us was how orderly everything was in spite of the huge lines. Once indoors,  it was efficient without feeling rushed. It seemed as if they had planned very well for crowds down to the small details, such as handing menus out regularly to new patrons in line, informing them about how the ordering and seating worked and clearing and cleaning tables as soon as customers stood up to leave. Finally, the food...OH MY GOD. The wings and waffle were perfect together. I could have had either by itself and been in awe. Together, they were magic. Imagine a perfectly sweet, buttery waffle that needs no syrup and wings that were made with a crispy, savory batter that had to be spiced with divine inspiration.Even more impressive than the wings were the "biskuits and gravy" (they love their k's here). I categorically like biscuits and gravy but have stopped expecting much beyond a fat+carbs fix due to how mediocre their preparation is at most places. WHOA. This dish was revelatory. The biskuits were so flaky and tender that the edges were crisp due to their flakiness. The gravy was so rich and well-seasoned that I could have eaten a bowl of it alone and that would have been a fine brunch.We finally got the grits and fried "poke" chops on the side. I never mind grits but I generally dislike pork. Not only was I spooning grits into my mouth while ravenously eating wings and waffle but I actually took the leftover grits to go for the next day. These grits were that special. The fried pork chop is what sealed the five-star review, however.I hate pork usually. I was ripping this chop apart, however. It was fried in a batter similar to the wings and was juicy and flavorful on the inside. The Breakfast Klub opened my eyes to the possibility of pork. That's what she said.I'm done gushing. I would wait in line again and again and again for this. Service is lovely and warm and the atmosphere evokes the best of the south. Regardless of the weather, bring a friend and get prepared for a brunch that will reset your standards.When I first saw this place from afar, it looked like just another restaurant..... I finally decided to try it out and found it to be very good. Upon arrival I was greeted by this lil ol lady who then ran off a suspected pan handler,  whom I thought was  just another customer waiting in line behind me.....When I finally made it to the front of the line to place my order I was distracted by the  suspected panhandler trying to confront the mgr at the register....The suspected panhandler was trying to complain to the mgr about not being a panhandler and how she was very offended.. Anyways I ordered to go and when I made it home to eat my food fell on the floor...5 sec rule went in to full effect...Thus said, I enjoyed the hell out of my chicken and waffles...There food is Ok...Kind of overrated. Who wants to be standing outside for hours for breakfast. Not I! they need to expand ASAP.When you have SO MANY good things to say about a place, it is actually pretty hard to write a review about it. That's my struggle here. I'll make it brief:Service: (9.5/10) The greeter always has such a friendly and welcoming demeanor, it truly makes waiting in the line not seem too bad. The food runners and bus boys are always very helpful and polite as well.Food: (9.5/10) Once you go Kat, you can never go back. I get the Katfish and Grits every single time, with cheese on the grits, potatoes, and a biscuit. Every element of the meal is perfect. I don't even normally like fried fish... but this may just be my favorite dish at any restaurant in town. I've been here at least 10 times, and never alone. Every single time I went, whoever was with me enjoyed their food just as much as I did. So you can't really go wrong.Ambience: (8.5/10) Comfortable, bright, and happy, with some cool artwork.The "cons": Parking- It really isn't that bad. Just park on the other side of the block... the lot on the corner of Travis and Winbern. Its like 50 yards away.The Line- It usually moves pretty quickly, so don't be an idiot and leave after a minute because you think it's moving too slow. No line is too long.I'm sorry, Yelp. I'm starting to question all my reviews. I should just hang up my hat, turn in my Houstonian card and quietly sulk away. I've [sortof intentionally] avoided BK for many years ... the lines, the hype.  But the bf woke up this morn insisting I didn't know what I was missing out on and I was in the mood for a bfast adventure. If this is the only time you've seen my reviews, let's get this out of the way: 1) I'm a picky parker -- I need an unpaid lot or easy street parking [this is Houston, not DC, LA, etc]2) I don't like lines. Again, this is Houston. So, I know going in BK would fluster me [although at 7:30am on a Friday, the line wasnt bad ... by 8:30 it was though].  Side note: the customer service was amazing. The ladies were warm and inviting and so helpful. They should be training all Houston restaurant staff. I wanted to like the food. I've been waiting to try it for years. When the plate of biscuits and gravy arrived, my heart sunk. Link sausage, not pan. The gravy looked thin and not peppered. The biscuits could be the saving grace.  I thought "maybe they know something I don't. Maybe this is the way biscuits and gravy *should* be."*Heart breaking*Oh my salty gravy. I couldn't even eat an entire half'a biscuit. I am prob being a little over dramatic if I compare it too white-ish, salt water but ... there it is. I tried the bf's grits being told they are the only grits he'll eat ... and, again, nothing. I thought the bf's catfish was the best on the table, but that isn't necessarily saying alot. So, I'm sorry, Yelpers. My taste buds are broken. My account should be suspended. I am not to be trusted. **but you probably shouldn't get the biscuits and gravy at breakfast klub.Delicious Wings!Bacon great flavor without a hint of grease, perfect crisp without blackening and perfect fat balance. This Yank got the grits even though he doesn't like grits -- I figured they'd do them right here -- and I didn't know that they're supposed to taste better than popcorn. French toast is simple but done right -- doesn't even need syrup; I just use yolk. I think the price could be lower because there's nothing fancy, but I'll definitely be back to this landmark.This is most likely the friendliest establishment in Houston. I have never had anything like this, chicken and waffles are amazing, on weekends : expect to have a line out the door and around the corner. I prefer to visit during the week when it is not that busy. Marcus the owner is always there and while you wait in line, he comes to shake your hand and thank you. During your meal, most always someone with a smiling face comes to check on you. I cannot tell you how at home I feel here! Thank you for awesome food. Just expect to gain a pound with your visit ;)It's solid... but nothing to get my panties in a wad to want to stand in that line again.  Came at 9am and line was almost exactly 1 hr.  They are nice to provide water and shaded standing room as you wait so that was cool.  Staff is nice and it is hectic so no problems there.Had the chicken and waffles.  Waffles was nice and crisp but my level of desire or expertise in a good waffle is not all that great.  The chicken was nice and crispy but didn't have a whole ton of flavor or taste like anything that special.  We also had the biscuits and gravy.  Gravy was awesome, full of fat but the biscuits were way too buttery for my taste.  The gravy went very well to dip the chicken in though.Overall, it's good solid basic food.  They make the classics how they should.  It's not a memorable experience you'll take with you forever but they do the classics right.Great food but that line shit is getting old AF. Just get a larger location...the folks that work there are great...the atmosphere is awesome. The food is off the chain....but the complaint's been the same since they opened...minimum 25 min wait in line to just order...gtfohEveryone is so friendly, the service always has a smile- the owner (marcus) came to us while we were in line to say hello and thank us for visiting and during our meal he also came by to see how our food was. Aside from food, things like this are why this business is so successful! I had the chicken wings and waffle and the chicken was: the best fried chicken i have had in my life. It was amazing, the batter they use is perfect also the chicken was juicy and needed no sauce, no nothing! The grits are also fantastic! This is definetly soul food! I cant believe that I waited so long to visit this gem. On weekends there is usually a line around the block- the line moves quickly and it is worth the wait- I promise!Now that I've had chicken and waffles from The Breakfast Klub I can consider myself a true Houstonian.The chicken wings were awesome; perfectly fried, well-seasoned, juicy... overall delightful. The waffle was delicious and fluffy and accompanied with WARM SYRUP. The ambiance was pretty cool too- it looked like a hip cafe but the service had a very warm, friendly, family-owned business feel-- I mean, I got greeted with a genuine smile at the door and everyone I talked to seemed genuinely happy to be there. How can you beat that?!I came on a weekday so I didn't even have to wait, but based on my experience I'd definitely brave the infamous weekend line for a meal here!I went to the Breakfast Klub for the first time a few weeks ago on a Saturday morning.  We had to wait outside in line, but it was worth the wait. The atmosphere in the restaurant is jazzy and soulful, that's definitely a plus. I had the lovely chicken and waffle. The chicken wings were on point. They are seasoned well and have an extra tangyness to them. The waffles was so yummy, light and etheral, just amazing. Although I could make this at home, it was worth it. My only concern is the parking available. Other than that, I would recommend the Breakfast Klub to my brunch enthusiasts. It would definitely be the place to bring a friend from out of town.Every time I go here I get my belly ready, because it is definitely a splurge day! The times I've gone I nearly don't eat the rest of the day, because that's how full I am!The wait isn't bad, but I've gone mid day on weekday, haven't been on the weekends but heard it can be vicious. Nonetheless the wait is worth it. Like others have mentioned the waitstaff is super nice and hands you a menu while you wait in line. I've gotten their famous waffle and fries which I (forcefully) finish the whole plate. The waffles are mediocre nothing too special BUTTTT the chicken...let me tell you, the chicken is just deliciousness and the star player of the dish. I've also gotten their karmel makkhiato is on point! Oh my word, why would I even get that at Starbucks anymore?! I can't. You need to try it.The management is very down to earth guy who goes around and talks to customers at the table..I mistaken him as a waiter and asked for a glass of water. He graciously got it for me! Now that's a man that knows how to run a business.I was disappointed by this eatery, as I had heard nothing but great reviews. The wings were decent enough, but the waffle tasted like it was made with a cheap prefab batter mix, as did the biscuits. The potatoes were more mushy than I like, I usually enjoy them on a crispier side. The worst part of the meal was the sausage, which one could compare to a stale hockey puck. The scrambled eggs, however, we're fantastic. I also thought the service was great. It was a little too pricey for what you get.I love this place!  It's true comfort food and has consistently been great.  You must get the chicken and waffles at least once.  Even basic eggs and bacon are fantastic here.  The coffee is good and fresh and the long lines attest to it's popularity.   A true Houston installation.This place is a landmark. The food is delicious (not good for you) but GOOD!  Everyone from the menu lady to the cashier to the Owner are friendly and awesome! The line to get in is long but your food comes quickly once you sit down.I love the Catfish!Chicken and Waffles!!!The best food fried chicken and waffles I have ever had. Let me start by saying the staff here is SUPER friendly. A++++. Everyone was really nice asking if I needed anything or if I was enjoying my meal and saying good bye to me on my way out. We got the fried chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy and a side of wings (6). The fried chicken was amazing, super crispy, the season was slightly spicy but not overpowering, it was the perfect amount of spice. The waffle batter was extremely fluffy and wasn't heavy, this was one of the best belgium waffles that I have had. I would've come just for the waffle. The real reason why I came here was because I was craving biscuits and gravy and this most definitely hit the spot. The biscuits were smothered with beef gravy and bits of beef and what made them awesome was the fact that despite being drowned in gravy they still had a crispy bottom. I want to go back right now...I would definitely go to the Breakfast Klub if you are craving anything good to eat. Hands down the best fried chicken, waffles and biscuits and gravy I have had. No wonder the lines are so long!Late review....I use to love this place but the waiting line and the price is not worth it any more. Prices have went up extremely and for waffles and wing portions I THINK NOT!!!! This place is going to eventually fade out because it's starting to become more about the money. Don't think I will be going back. I'm looking for new weekend brunch places in Htown, where you get what you pay for....Waiting for the wings and waffle was actually worth it. The wings are seasoned perfectly and they really complement the sweet Belgian waffle.The waiting part isn't cool, but I still think it's worth it.It seems that all of the attention and popularity has finally caught up to The Breakfast Klub. It has been a while since I've been here, but I was shocked to see how much more expensive their menu items were now. This was after trying to find parking and waiting in a line around the building. I tried the chicken and waffles and the catfish and grits. Both dishes were good and I commend them on maintaining a good level of quality after so many years. The problem is that they are now very overpriced. I would give them a 4 1/2 based just on their food, but the overall experience of constant issues with parking, long lines, and value now bring it down to 3 1/2.The only bad thing about the Breakfast Klub is there's usually a line- and there's a reason why!! It's delicious!!  I wish I could go there more often but it's probably best because I'd be big as a house if I did!I haven't tasted anything here that isn't amazing.  Wonderful Soul food for breakfast.  I would say it's probably the best breakfast place in Houston.  Just get there early (other people will and they line up outside before it opens).I live close by, and noticed that there was always a line at this place, so I had high expectations for it.  The reviews from other users are also good.  Unfortunetly, it doesn't live up to all the hype.  The is not too bad, despite the long line, but it is not comfortable waiting outside in the Texas summer heat.  As for the food, the fried chicken and waffles are okay, but it's nothing I can't make at home.  For the price (around $12 when I ate there), it is not worth it.My favorite breakfast place. It's just hate being the line. ... The fried chicken is very juicy and waffle is yummy. You have to try at least once. I love the decor inside, too.On a rare Monday off from work, I stumbled upon the Breakfast Klub on the way to Les Givrals. Honestly, we had made a wrong turn but decided to navigate to BK on a whim. Best. Mistake. Ever. As we waited in the line that extended out the door, which was short and moved quickly, I was struck by the super friendly and I mean genuinely friendly-- not "I want a big tip" friendly. They offered water, asked how we were, and tried their best to shuffle us into the restaurant as quickly as possible so we could get a nice whiff of AC. While standing in line, my breakfast date and I made our plan of attack. Clearly we were getting the wings and waffle but what else to order?? We finally settled on the catfish and grits because clearly everyone should have fried fish before 10AM everyone once in a while, right? ;)While we were waiting in line, I looked around and saw several people taking pictures of their colorful plates before digging in and others posting their pictures on Instagram. The two ladies ahead of us in line even asked the cashier if they could take a picture of him with the kitchen in the backdrop. At this point, I honestly hadn't realized that The Breakfast Klub was truly a Houston icon. Shame on me for taking so long to make it out here!Another thing that surprised me was how quickly the food came out. In the time that it took for me wash my hands and to pick my coffee (Disclaimer: there are a lot of choices...only a slightly bad thing if you're indecisive like me) the food was on the table and piping hot. The catfish and grits were good, but we decided that we're not really grit...ty kind of people. The texture just wasn't cutting it for us. However, the catfish was nicely seasoned and crispy as could be. The wings and waffle plate was amazing. The chicken was just so crispy and since the wings and waffle are basically what BK is known for, I'm glad it didn't disappoint. In addition to the mediocre grits, however, the waffle that the wings were served with was also subpar. It was dry and didn't have the same crispy exterior that fresh waffles that come out of the waffle maker typically have. The grits and waffle were what brought this place down a star for me.Food is AWESOME KRAZY SIC (in a good way)I had Chicken & Waffles Mighty Tasty! Their Chicken is Crispy on the outside Tender, Juicy on the inside & so Flavorful.The Waffle is right up there with the best I have ever had.THE LINES are absolutley rediculous though.Be Prepared to WAIT over an HOUR!!It's the only thing that kept it from having 5 Stars.   Stay open Later, Hell go for 24 hrs or Hire some Mexicans!Just do something about those Lines Please!!!FAN freakin' TASTIC!  Pros:-Line of tent hoovered over us as we waited-Prices are reasonable-Hands out menu while waiting in line then order at cash register to speed up the process-Delivers food to table-Unlimited coffee (at least three different flavors)-WINGS AND WAFFLE... I repeat... WINGS AND WAFFLE-Fried pork chop-Grits-Zealous faces of the staffCon:-The wait (45 minutes when I went there)Obviously, the restaurant is worth the wait.  I might try going extra early (before 9 am) next time to see if the wait time decreases.Surprised I did not review this happening joint!  Go EARLY, but still be prepared to wait in line.  Once you get in, the ordering the delivery of the food to your table moves quickly.  Get the chicken and waffles if it is your first time. THey are known for it.  THen the next visits get the Katfish and Grits.  Oh, the biskits and gravy is total comfort eating as well.  But again, get the Chicken and Waffles your first time to get the true Breakfast Klub Experience.   The waffle is a thick belgian waffle and the salty/sweet combo is suberb combined with the crispy chicken wings that are perfectly seasoned.  This is the place to be on the weekends for breakfast or brunch! :)Went here this week on a weekday for the first time and it definitely lives up to the reputation that proceeded it!Known as the best place to get chicken and waffles this side of the texas state line, and it was delicious. The chicken was in a lovely spice breading that was just the right thickness and perfectly seasoned, basically fried to perfection. the waffle was equally delicious. We also had a french toast plate, equally fantastic with thick bacon that was the best I've had in Houston thus far. I know that seems small, but who doesn't love perfect bacon? the details of this Houston institution really make it fantastic too- warmed syrup, speedy service, greeting by the owner himself, etc. The line quickly wraps around the building, especially on weekends, but we happened to hit it on a very short lull in crowd, and everything was wonderful. If you haven't gone, go now, don't wait like I did.I was only here once a while back, but if you are looking for one of the best breakfasts in Houston- here it is. Yes, the lines are long, but that is part of the Breakfast Klub experience. I had the Breakfast Special and my boyfriend had the Katfish and Grits- both delish. My best advice is get up early before the church crowds get there. And plan on going to the gym after because you will need it....I went early on a Saturday morning, before the line was too big. The staff was really friendly and the atmosphere was fun, organized and clean. I wish the food had been better, and less expensive. We dropped $35 for breakfast. I had biscuits and gravy and the husband had waffles with wings. The gravy was a little salty and the waffles were IHOP average. The cappacino, however, was great. I think everyone should try this place once; I'm glad I went, but I don't need to go back.I have driven by here so many times and seen the long line.  Finally I drove past and the line was only 10 or 12 people out the door so I went in.  I am so happy I did.  I thought the chicken here was quite possibly some of the best fried chicken I have had.  In college I used to fry chicken at a restaurant and that is a big compliment from me.    I had the chicken and grits.  I thought the grits were good, and the chicken was crispy and flavorful.  The eggs that came with the dish weren't my favorite.  I ordered them over easy, and they came out not quite cooked enough for me.  I like my whites cooked all of the way.   I would advise you to pass on the fountain drinks.  They are 3.75.  Really 3.75 that is a little much.   The food was good with the exception of the eggs, and breakfast comes out quickly.  I must say I recommend this place with a couple of reservations.   I will be back.Try the chicken n waffles maybe split it with someone else and have them get the waffles n grits, eggs etc because it's best when you can sample it all plus have sides! Great strong coffee selection! Kind of pricey ($15 plate) long line get there before 9am to be seated at a minimal wait time.So....I wish I'd read more than the first few reviews before we visited The Breakfast Klub this morning -- I would have ordered French toast rather than the biscuits & gravy. I've never had sausage gravy with chunks of chopped-up hot-dog-like sausage before and the taste was....well...different. My husband said it was turkey sausage - I wasn't sure WHAT it was. The biscuits were the flattest I've ever eaten and of a strange consistency - surely not baking powder biscuits like Mama used to make. They almost melted into the gravy. And the gravy - it tasted like Campbell's Cream of Mushroom soup was used as the base. It wasn't horrible - just not that good and certainly not worth $9. Thirty bucks for two, sans tip, was a lot to pay for a breakfast that was, to put it mildly, lack-luster. If breakfast at The Breakfast Klub lived up to the reviews written by most patrons, maybe $30/2 wouldn't be so bad - but with bottled orange juice, mediocre biscuits and gravy, and average fried eggs, bacon, and grits (as well as the "serve yourself"coffee, silverware, and condiments) I can't see how the owners can justify the price . . . nor do I understand why so many people are willing to pay it.I spent three years living in Houston getting constantly told how great and awesome the place is.Don't get me wrong, it was a little bit better than average...by averages.Waffle -- you could get a fluffy waffle like this at most good diners. It's only marginally better than ihop or denny's.Fried chicken -- I really like the recipe they used, it had a really nice spice kick to it. The wait -- Don't get there at 10. Get there at 8. Earlier if possible. If you get there at 10 expect an hour line or more. Get there with all your party. None of this oh they're coming in later. If you're a party of six and Mr. 6 isn't there yet, you will have to wait for him to show up before you're allowed to get into the line.Overall, it's alright, but for breakfast, I'd rather get a $5 breakfast burrito from Tornado Burger than $15 chicken and waffles.The food here taste like Jesus blessed it himself! There is usually always a line to wait in but it is well worth it. The lady that hands out the menu's is so friendly and even the owner walks around and strikes up conversations with the customers. I've tried the wings & waffles, catfish & grits, and grilled pork chops and grits. The pork chops weren't really anything spectacular but the wings and catfish was amazing!!! If you haven't been, you should at least try it once. I guarantee you'll go back! :-)I've been here a couple times and luckily I haven't had to wait longer than 20 minutes. With so many delicious breakfast/brunch places in Houston, I wouldn't wait longer than that to place my order. However, the food has been consistently good on each of my visits. This is definitely not a place that I would frequently visit since it is pretty unhealthy and I like to stay on the healthy eating habits. I've had the egg breakfast with sausage and another time I got chicken and waffles. The fried chicken was delicious and greasy.... That is a good and bad thing I suppose! You can also get pancakes INSTEAD of waffles if you please. I also am a big fan of the coffee there. :)I've heard on cold days (ha ha not that Houston gets cold often), staff will bring out coffee to those waiting in line. Also, apparently, this place is definitely a must visit for those visiting Houston. It always seems jams packed when Houston hosts various events. SO BEWARE of happenings in Houston before you go!Catfish and grits?  Or waffles and wings?  My God. I've become a Southerner. Soon I might be voting for religious nuts.  I mull over my decision for 20 minutes while waiting in line.  Either will set me back $17.  I could get both.  But I can't finish one plate. Decisions are so friggin' hard...Ok, it's been a while since I was at The Breakfast Klub and I can say YUMMY!.  I have always wanted to try the fish and grits but wasn't to sure because the chicken and waffles are always good.  Well let me tell YOU, you are missing out!  Went with a couple of friends on yesterday, had a great meal and a great time.  Yes the line was loooooong but it's long for a reason :).  I love the little lady there someone called and asked her if The Breakfast Klub was busy and she smiled and said no we aren't to busy as the long line was on the street (LOL) then she looked at us and said we are never to BUSY for YOU...I love it!   Ok, back to the Fish and Grits..buttery grits and that fish was fried perfect!  This was not my meal but my friend's and she was so kind to share.  You can bet my next meal will be Fish and Grits! We really enjoyed our meal and our time there, and for sure keep the sweet little lady at the front door.This place was supposed to be the best brunch place in Houston.It was supposed to live up to the hype and surpass all my expectations on the phrase "Houston brunch".It had the makings of something great. A long line in the cold weather at 10am on a random Thursday morning. People looking at their menus chatting eagerly about what they were going to order. Yelp reviews galore.However, it was just a-okay. 3.5 star-worthy.We got the chicken & waffles and the catfish & grits. The chicken was pretty good, but you're paying ~12 dollars for 6 chicken wings and a waffle. The catfish again was good, but you're paying about the same for fried catfish and some grits + biscuit. The biscuit, btw, was pretty darn delicious.The service is what makes this place. Fast, friendly, courteous people that define the phrase "Southern Hospitality". They make sure to take care of you and always serve with a smile.Quick Tip: We were in a line around the corner  of the entrance along the side of the building and we waited, ate, and left within about an hour. Food comes quick, so don't be discouraged by the line!Third time here! I love the katfish and grits!!!! I've never been disappointed until I get to the potatoes...each time they're just okay. I've also had the chicken and pancakes which I thought were delicious! It is a little bit on the pricey side but I believe you get what you pay for. Quality is important and their quality is pretty high! If you love lemonade at chick fila then you HAVE to try theirs. 10x better.And after 7 months I finally got to try the klub! We went for breakfast and it smelled and tasted just as delightful. I had the regular breakfast, eggs, bacon, biscuit, and potatoes. Excellent. Next time I'm going for the pancakes. :)We will start bringing all our friends that are in town visiting here!Great job with the food, restaurant, and staff.I think this place is a little over rated. I'm a pescetarian so I can't have their traditional chicken and waffles but I have had their cat fish and I wasn't too crazy about the fish itself however, the breading on the fish had the most amazing taste ever. But other than that if I was to order one of their normal breakfasts plates I just feel they are a little over priced and I can get the same thing elsewhere for a lot less. The establishment itself is beautiful and has a very home-y feeling. And the staff is amazing! Especially the older gal that greets you at the door! And a good selection of coffee. Overall I will probably not go there unless my husband absolutely has to or if a friend asks to meet them there. To me the food just wasn't worth the waiting in line and too overpriced. Oh, and I think it's kinda cool that the owner will sometimes be there having his coffee amongst his customer. Very nice guy...When I went here it was a long lineA lot of people on the inside, It was kinda packed but it wasn't that much packed like sardinesThe Chicken and Waffles were really good well seasoned and waffles weren't soft nor hard It was just rightDo you enjoy long lines at the DMV?  What about waiting 2 hours at a theme park for a ride?   If your answer is "YES!!! May I have another", than this is the place for you!I am a visitor to Houston, and my family member insisted this was the place locals adored.  I, being a visitor, was lucky enough (or unfortunate) not to know anything about it or have drunk the kool-aid. My family member insisted we go and that the line moved fast.  We tried to be as polite as we could as we ordered at the counter 1 hour and 47 minutes later (I timed it) for what I would describe as a "soul food" IHOP.We ordered at the "Kounter" and paid there for the most expensive breakfast I have ever eaten. Food did arrive relatively quickly in about 8 minutes using  a numbering system matching orders with their people.  However, my mom did not get her food.  In fact, servers kept on asking if some random plate (eggs, potatoes, etc. . . ) was hers as they walked by (she ordered a grilled cheese).  A waiter eventually said, " We accidentally gave that order to someone else."  HOWEVER, there was no grilled cheese coming afterwards to replace it.  As in someone else stopped a server and said, "That plate is mine," took two bites, and said this grilled cheese does not taste like 2 eggs sunnyside up, potatoes, and sausage on the side that I ordered.  20 minutes later, the kitchen was able to construct the incredibly hard to make grilled cheese sandwich!  Maybe they should use a numbering system. . .Personally, my breakfast club tasted like it was butter with a breakfast sandwich on the side.  I am guessing it will lead partially to my first heart stint.  I heard similar stories from other family members. Overall, not my favorite place to eat for numerous reasons.Go somewhere else.Their food is not worth enduring a 45 minute wait in the heat but it is not bad.Good home cook style meals! I like this place. Although the line is long. It wasn't as good as the hype. I went back because I had a coupon...food is goodSometimes in life you eat at a place and you say... "Where the HECK have you been my entire life?!?!" Ok maybe not everyone, but I sure did after I ate here. I don't know what more I can say about The Breakfast Klub that the previous reviewers haven't already said.I can talk about how sometimes you might have to wait in line outside the place for up to an hour, which is only an indication of how great it is. I can talk about the great service that the place offers, in which you truly feel the warmth of southern hospitality. I can mention how great the chicken and waffles are, and that even if you are health conscious, this is one place that is worth breaking your diet for, or using your cheat meal on. I can talk about the lively environment of the place, that just makes the experience fun and enjoyable. Everything that I could possibly mention about this place has been mentioned by 700+ reviews.Also, look out for deals that they have at like Google Offers, usually $10 for $20 at The Breakfast Klub, that just makes the experience so much better. All in all, this is one place, whether you love it or hate it (which I don't think you will), it's one place you have to try. Oh Breakfast Klub, you have a fan for life.There's really nothing bad I can say about this place.  I've been her quite a few times - maybe 4 or 5?  More than most of the restaurants I've been to in Houston, I have to say.  And there is a reason I keep coming back - the food is phenomenal.  As the place which introduced me to wings and waffles, Breakfast Klub will always hold a special place in my heart - and I'm not just talking about the cholesterol.The food here is phenomenal!  I've only tried the wings and waffles (try subbing in french toast instead - i think it's even better!) and catfish and grits.  Everything I've had was fantastic.  Their chicken is perfectly fried.  It's crispy, tender, and flavorful.  I don't know how they do it - it's the ultimate fried chicken.  Add a touch of honey to it, and you're golden.  As I said earlier, sub in the french toast - I think it fits better than the waffle.  Catfish is also perfect.  Once again, flavorful and perfectly fried.  This place was also my first introduction to grits.  For a while, I had stayed away from the catfish and grits because I was hesitant about trying the grits, but that was silly of me.  The grits had a nice, surprising texture to them, and they went really well with the fried catfish and sunny-side-up eggs!  I'd definitely recommend it too!My only warning?  Be prepared for a wait!This place has the best customer service ever.  From the moment you get in line, there's someone to greet you and make you feel welcome. The people inside are nice and fast, usually by the time you pay and get seated, your food comes out shortly thereafter! The waffles are great, the eggs are tasty, never rubbery like at most other breakfast places, the grits are absolutely delicious. The wings....most days they are great. One a rare ocassion they are a tad bit on the greasy side, and I haven't figured that one out. I must confess that the food does get a bit pricey. Last time I went with three people it came out to over $50. So we don't go there as often as we'd like. Also, no kid's menu, so either buy one plate and split it, or order a la carte. On the bright side, you get enough on your plate to share with someone else!The Breakfast Klub is one of my favorite restaraunts in Houston. If you love breakfast food (like I do), you'll really enjoy the Southern dishes available. They are best known for their Wings & Waffles and Katfish & Grits. There is always a line wrapped around the corner for the food but if you order any of those two dishes, you'll have your meal about 3-5 minutes after you order at the front counter. All other orders (that have to be cooked) take about the regular amount of time for a restaraunt of this size. The Breakfast Klub also has a decent lunch menu, but breakfast is what they do best.The prices are based more on quality and the infamy of the restaraunt than what you actually get; expect to pay $10-15 for a one-person meal. The portions are a good size but not enough to justify some of the pricing.The atmosphere and history is what really makes this restaurant, it has a large footprint in the Houston community and is a definite stop if you're ever in Houston's 4th Ward; make sure you get there early, it closes at 2:00pm everyday.I agree that it is over hyped. When I saw the line wrapped around the building I was less than thrilled but within seconds a friendly employee came out to greet us with menus and do some crowd control. The line moved quickly and the employees are quick, friendly and very helpful. Everybody was on the ball! It was a little expensive for breakfast but the servings are huge and you probably won't want lunch if you eat here anyway. I'd rate my food (catfish and grits) a 7 out of 10. All in all it was a unique breakfast experience that you should at least try once.It's great place to dine in! but don't get the turkey!The Breakfast Klub is wonderful!!! Definitely worth the wait in line for some really awesome brunch! I have tried most of the menu items - favorites include wings and waffle and the pork chops! Both were absolutely delicious. I don't know how they season the pork chops but they were some of the best I've ever tried (I had one fried and one grilled). The service here is great - I know waiting in line for an hour is not ideal - but the staff and hostesses are awesome and will definitely come out and greet you, joke with you, and make you forget you're standing in line. Once we actually ordered and sat down our food came before I even had a chance to get my syrup and coffee. They are definitely on it once you make it inside!If you haven't been to the Breakfast Klub, you are truly missing out!Let's get to the point, this place has a HUGE line, but it is well worth the wait. I've only had chicken and waffles and handful of times and always wondered what the big deal was... At last! The Breakfast Klub changed my mind a whole 180 degrees about this dish. The fried chicken itself is amazing on its own! I know now what I've been missing in my chicken and waffles relationship. DELICIOUS FRIED CHICKEN! This is definitely a GO-TO place in Houston. You must try it! What are you waiting for? Get in your car and GO!The two-hour wait in the chilly, fall weather was well worth it for the friendly greetings and soulful food we were greeted with at the door. I never expected such an artsy, warm dining room and I have to mention again, that the staff are just as friendly as can be.I ordered a veggie omelette because I'm still on the pescatarian diet, but the entire menu had me drooling. I opted for a cup of coffee, but fancy coffee lovers will be in heaven with the many espresso, latte and mocha offerings on the menu.My only suggestion to make this place the most enjoyable it can be:Bring some live music to the outside patio, so while the masses wait in line, they're entertained. I have just the band in mind.The wait was a tad long at 11:00 on a Sunday sunday morning (about 30-40 min) but the service was super fast once we got seated. We got the two signatures, the catfish and grits and the chicken and waffles. SO GOOD (but we were super hungry!) The batter on the chicken was perfectly crispy, just the right amount of crunch and breading to go with chicken fried. The waffles were decent. Nothing can go wrong with a touch of hot syrup. The catfish was well seasoned, but the grits? Just the perfect consistency and amazing with a bit of melted butter.Definitely a required stop for out of towners like me, but plenty of locals come here too! Just come earlier to avoid the wait and be prepared for pure gluttony.I've been here about four times and each time I get excited because of the reviews, but the food always lets me down. I could get the same waffles at a 2 star hotel breakfast, and the chicken is nothing great. Catfish is okay, but I still don't understand what all the hype is about. 14 bucks for a waffle and a few chicken wings is definitely not worth it.Excellent service and people who work here. I really love the people. Food is really good, especially the chicken (the waffles were alright). Also, the coffee is actually pretty good too, so dont forget about that! p.s. come here hungry, because the portions are HUGE.I seriously hate queuing for food, but I'll happily call ahead for to-go food from TBK and eat in my car!  The prices aren't crazy for the quality of food here...great wings, great biscuits and gravy.  Downright craveable, tasty stuff!I love this place! I was introduced to The Breakfast Klub years ago when I started a new job, and this was my 'welcome to the team' lunch. You can't go wrong with the wings and waffle! The long can get long but be patient, it's worth it!My friends and I arrived here, and of course, the line was trailing out of the restaurant. The Breakfast Klub isn't in the best part of town, but it is so worth it to make the trip. The restaurant has a nice home-y atmosphere that I really enjoy. Me and my friends got sat after a maybe 15-20 wait, and it was worth it. The service was probably average to a little above average, but nothing special. I ordered the chicken wings and substituted the waffles for french toast. The French toast was nothing special, but oh. my. god. These chicken wings are to die for. I am not a big wing person myself, but the batter on these and the soft buttery chicken just melts in your mouth. It's just that good.I finally go a chance to eat here. Every time I try on the weekends It's always pack and I see why.  I went for brunch on a Tuesday.  The weather was already cold and windy. They provided heaters outside for people. While I was outside waiting a worker came up to ask how I was doing.  Not shortly later,  another worker came to give me a menu to look at so I can decide on what to get while waiting.  As I got closer to the door,  another worker tried his best to get me inside the resTaurant because he knew how cold it was.  Now I'm almost at the register and a assistant manager came to wonder how many people would be needed a seat.  Got to the register,  the cashier was kind to help me order.  Finding a seat was easy,  the bus boys got the place cleaned fast!  I love how people can just get what they need and the food will come to the table. At the end of my meal the same assistant manager asked me about my experience and I was speechless at first because there's so much to say.  Oh before I forget their food was great! It came out fast. The wings were got and crispy. Not ketchup needed.  The waffles are fluffy and perfect.  Must have it with their hot syrup! If you asked me what I didn't like well I hope for a bigger parking lot but I understand its downtown and my sister order juice. Its quite over price because we though it was fresh.  The coffee, mocha,  or anything hot to drink is good. Going in the restaurant you can already smell the aroma of the coffeeOverall service 12 out of 10 & food 9 out 10A little pricy but the chicken and waffles were seriously the bomb.com. Super friendly people working there. Chill atmosphere.  Definitely worth the experience.Love this place and its a must stop for us every time we're I'm Houston. Catfish and grits, biscuits and gravy, waffles and wings, or just plain eggs and bacon - you won't go wrong. In the middle of Houston, sparse parking and a line that wraps around the sidewalk - don't let any if that sway you from stopping in this place.Yep.  Awesome and tasty.  I waited truly to long to come here... Well I will be back really soon!I had the waffle and wings and they were just perfect.  I went early and thus didn't have to wait in line.  There will probably be a line, but it is worth the wait.When in Houston go here!This was a great locally owned restaurant - if you don't believe me, you should see the line lol! I had the special of the day - Cajun/crawfish pasta? - it was AMAZING; my friends had the classic chicken and waffles and loved it as well. The staff was friendly, especially the women who keeps everyone happy while in line -   the owner walked around and spoke with people while in the restaurant as well. The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is the wait - LONG LINE but it went surprisingly faster then I thought but it was still a wait. Visit if you're looking for some EXCELLENT comfort food but get there early or you will be in a line!Whoever said you're going to have at least a 30 minute wait no matter what time you go was entirely right. My fiance and I got there at 7:56 am on a Saturday, and we were still waiting for 30 minutes before we got in the door. However, once you get in and order your food, everything comes out pretty quickly. I got the french toast and the housemade/homemade sausage patties, but the sausage patties were a bit subpar. The french toast though... DELICIOUS. Buttery and crispy... I think they could have used some cinnamon, but that's just how I like to eat my french toast. My fiance got the chicken and waffles, which he loved. Also, like others say, we wound up not eating again for dinner. I would come back, maybe on a weekday that I randomly have off. Just get there early, if you don't want to wait in a monstrosity of a line.I cannot eat here often because I like to keep my diet as clean as possible, but the couple of times I have cheated and eaten here were worth it! I have tried a few things on the menu including the lattes, the pecan waffles, biscuits, potatoes, all of the food is deliecious. The service is also great, and the restaurant very unique. The only negative is that if you get there too late on many days-esp. weekends, you will be waiting outside for a minute to get a table, standing in a line. The parking is a little tough and the restaurant small. But the food is well worth the wait.I was expecting more...we'd heard about this from loads of people and everyone had rave reviews about the chicken and waffles. So, we went. Even on a Thursday at 10 am, this place has a line which wraps out of the building and around the block. I just imagined based on the great reviews and long lines that the food would have been more spectacular. The wings were pretty tasty, although greasy. The waffles were no better than any cheap pancake house.Finally figured out why there is literally always a line surrounding the building ... Very good good and the friendliest staff I've encountered so far .... Very fast paced but worth it !!Loved the food, but for me the service was the post impressive thing. Got there early to avoid the lines, only had to wait 15 minutes. Pretty good given how much we liked it. My husband is a breakfast man, and he loved the chicken and waffles.I have been here twice so far and it has never failed to make me feel like a glutton/want to kill myself for eating an entire plate of chicken and waffles. I know this is kind of a random combination, but it is ridiculously good. It's a combination of sweet, spicy, and crazy flavorful. I usually don't come during the weekends because it gets pretty packed and the line is out the door. Come on a weekday and get serviced quickly and efficiently!Once again our taste buds were pleasantly pleased & our minds were intellectually teased w/tantalizing conversation! The down-home atmosphere makes for a great place to relax & just kick it. It's always a pleasure of seeing the owner & long time friend, Marcus Davis also! Next trip, we're bringing "the Dad"!I hate to give a bad rating for a small business but the food was just ok. The prices don't match the expected portions. Ordered the 'Wings and Waffle' plate with coffee.  The waffle is nice but the wings were uninspired. You serve your own coffee from the coffee station, and have a selection of five types. The staff is extremely nice. They are attentive and sweet. The restaurant isn't large so patrons are asked to line outside in the parking. Is this the worst breakfast place? No, but for a 35 minute wait on a Sunday, you'd expect more.  I hear it's not busy during weekday mornings so I would recommend coming by and enjoying some of their famous Catfish and Grits.What awesome customer service, great people, personable and fun.  Food is good but nothing special, a bit on the greasy side.  Plentiful, tasty, salty and greasy.  Some like it that way, others might not care too much.  I say A-ok.  Coffee is the greatest, but not the cheapest.On holiday in Houston with my boyfriend, we were motivating to leave our hotel downtown and find some breakfast on the way to the museum district. He used his yelp app to search for a close breakfast, and he had me at the magic words "chicken and waffles."I had never actually had bona-fide chicken and waffles before. When I first learned about it from some MTV special with Lenny Kravitz visiting Roscoe's that I saw in high school, I tried to make it myself with some frozen chicken nuggets and eggos. Blah. Since relocating to Texas, I've had hoecakes and chicken which is close, but the true combination always eluded me... until H-town.I need to just say this: I am the biggest brat on planet earth when I am hungry, and I waited patiently in the line outside the breakfast klub for about 30-40 minutes, and the wait was worth EVERY MINUTE. The staff were pleasant and helpful to first-timers, and once inside the whole process was fast. I had a piping hot platter of golden goodness in front of me about a minute after sitting down, and every bite was incredible.Additionally, the paintings on the walls inside were rad.My boyfrien & I were really excited about trying this place for breakfast. Here are a few things to consider :1. Bring a quarter or 2 bc since this is midtown it means metered parking.2. Expect a line out the door any day or time of the week3. Chicken & waffles, fried chicken wings are the best I've had in my life. Seasoned to perfection. Waffle was ok. Bonus syrup is warm4. Homemade lemonade is delicious5. Staff is really nice & environment is fun6. I think this is a sister restaurant to Reggae ShackOverall good food!I got the catfish and grits when I went. My catfish was a little salty. Maybe that's what "southern" food means, but I wasn't feeling it.My companions however loved their fried chicken and waffles. So get that.There was a line but it went by quickly. Also there was live entertainment. Staff was helpful. So whether you enjoy this place may depend on your tastes.Over look the line. In my life time I've learned if there is a line for food get in it. Chicken and waffels amazing!This place rocks.  Showed up around 1:00 pm, busy but not TOO busy.  I loved the vibe of this place.  Its trendy and filled with music, art, and laughter.  The hostess is very charismatic and make you feel at home as soon as you walk in the door. I was feeling light so I ordered a chicken salad sandwich.  My boyfriend ordered the katfish, grits, potatoes, and a biscuit.  My sandwich was mediocre. My favorite kind of chicken salad consists of chunks of chicken with maybe onion, celery, or certain fruits like grapes or apple and pecan.  Theirs was very finely chopped chicken with bell pepper in it.The katfish and grits were delightful.  The katfish was excellent, but not as fresh as I'd intended.  The combination of the fish, grits, and potatoes were definitely a winner!  PS,  a little overpriced, put some cheese in yo grits!YES! Finally got to try out this place. i'm not gonna lie, I was afraid to try out this place because of the long wait. I'll start from the beginning. We went today (Wednesday) at around 11 am and as we arrive, we barely see any line. Score! The only downside was parking. The front lot barely has any parking spots so you either have to park in the dirt lot (i think it's a $2 fee) or metered street parking. Not too far of a walk though. We finally get to the door and wait about 8-10 minutes before we get to order and get seated. The food came out within 7-10 minutes, I believe. Pretty darn fast. It was my first time trying Chicken & Waffles and was a little nervous because I didn't want to be disappointed! Also, this place was a bit pricey. A bottled orange juice was $3.50! Chicken & Waffles was $14.99. However, the portion size was pretty big.First thought after taking the bite: The chicken was so tender and perfectly seasoned. It was amazingly, interestingly delicious. Yes, I loved it and my experience here was overall satisfied. I'll be coming back again to try the katfish & grits. Can't wait!I don't even mind the line. Friendly service, the food NEVER disappoints,  I enjoy the atmosphere.Other than the price-point, Breakfast Klub is great. It's still a must-go if you live, or are visiting, Houston. Plus, it gives you some culture points and credibility."Oh, you're from Houston? Have you been to Breakfast Klub?""Yea, of course I have. I love it."Never start off a conversation with, "No I haven't, I've been meaning to try it though." Don't be that guy.Chicken & Waffles -- what? It works, it really works. The chicken is juicy and full of flavor, although the waffle is good but normal. Pretty hard to mess up a waffle. Service is unfailingly friendly and boosts my confidence every time I go. "Hey hun, what can I get for you?" "Hun you good?" "Alright sweetie, hot plate."I have only heard rave reviews so I took the opportunity to visit. We got there at 8:30 ( 30 minutes after opening) on a Saturday and only waited for about 10 minutes. Truth be told, while the waffle was probably  one of the best I have ever had, I was not that impressed with the fried chicken wings. I've had alot better. Overall, the restaurant is small but nice, ordering and the line moved fast and all of the employees were friendly. I would probably go back for the waffles but wouldn't make a special trip.I think I finally found that cozy, yet ambient place to go to and enjoy a delicious course of breakfast over equally heart warming cup of coffee, out of their five different coffee selections.Among the various posters of Jazz musicians and artwork around the interior one can only be mused and drenched in a relaxing aura! Although there was a bit of a line when I went to visit during early lunch hours, we were able to seat ourselves in about 10 minutes and that included ordering our food at the counter as well.The best part about enjoying a hearty breakfast is to feel like you are almost in the comfort of your home. And thats exactly what their waitstaff will make you feel like from the moment you walk in. Simply awesome!So, my quest for a authentic breakfast place ends here....For now at least!This is THE place to go for anyone who comes in from out-of-town for a Houston convention or for someone looking for a great brunch place! Each plate is about ~$15-$20, which is fairly expensive for my budget. However, the portions are large, "sharable," and absolutely delicious. It is real southern comfort food that makes you feel like you're in South!I have only tried the chicken and waffles and as much as I hear great things about the catfish and grits, I can't stray away from their chicken and waffles. The batter is so good. This is definitely a must-place for all Houstonians and those visiting Houston. The only negative thing is the parking and waiting. I am more than willing to look for parking and wait for this place though.Don't let the line deter you. If it feels like it's moving slow, it's because your company isn't good and you need better friends! (just kidding).Before I start talking about the food, has anyone heard of the song "Konstantine" by Something Corporate?? I love how the Breakfast Klub, much like Something Corporate, replace "Cs" for "Ks." Loveeeeee!Anyways, from my minimal experience at the Breakfast Klub, it takes about 25 minutes of waiting in line on a rainy, Saturday morning to get to the register. Once paid and seated, the food comes out almost instantly. It's really quite amazing how fast and efficient these people run.Let me just tell you, I have not been impressed by deep fried foods in a while. Deep fried is usually just deep fried, hiding weird tastes or masking utter blandness. But Breakfast Klub deep fried chicken wings and deep friend catfish is really something else. Indeed, the best fried fish of any kind that I've ever tasted. The catfish has a strong flavor, and the batter does not hide a thing. In fact, the perfectly seasoned batter complimented the hot, flaky, moist fish. The wings were covered in that same seasoned batter and honestly tasted phenomenal. Beats any chicken I've ever had. KFC ain't got nuthin' on Breakfast klub.All I can say is, more pleaseeeeee!I love the food there. The best wings and fried catfish!We saw, we went, and we ate (happily).We walked in, greeted by a super amazing hostess talking up a storm with everyone inside, and giving out free hugs while we waited. Uh, who can say no to a free hug? Probably the warmest five minute welcome I have ever had in a restaurant. Period.You wait in line to order, take the number, and grab a table.  They do prefer that you have your full party with you in order to seat. $43 for three of us. I thought it was a little on the expensive side, but we were more than willing to try the chicken and waffles.The food came out fast, but not at the same time. A little peeve of mine, but we were in good company.Food is good. Big portions though. The pork chop plate and the chicken and waffles are def worth it, so come hungry!People have been telling me to go to Breakfast Klub for a long time now, so I finally made my way over this morning. Unfortunately I wasn't told that the chicken and waffles was the thing to get, and I hadn't done my research on the place beforehand. I still had an overall good experience though, with the standard breakfast plate. Service was surprisingly good for a restaurant as busy as they were. Waited in line for about 20 minutes on a Friday morning, which wasn't too bad. Prices were high. Most of the plates were $13-15, although the portions were pretty good. Overall a positive experience. I'll have to get the wings and waffles the next time I visit.This is the Mecca of all things that is breakfast and brunch!! I take all my friends here and family when in town. Catfish second to none...grits....wafflesThe team here takes care of you.... coffee to nut crusted fish.  Seriously, it is a place that had food that is worth the wait.  Now, don't come on Saturday when the wait is 1.5 hours.  Nothing is worth that wait.  But eat here.  It is bucket list good.Best. Breakfast. Ever.Friendliest staff in the Museum District.Food that makes you want to give up dieting forever.For the love of god order the Fried Porkchops.Wait in line. It is ALWAYS worth it.Nuff said.Such a wonderful brunch experience!  I was torn on where to go for grub for my brief stint in Houston (ie. half a day) and I'm so glad I went with The Breakfast Klub.  The staff are simply phenomenal and they quite literally make you feel like you're being welcomed into a loved one's home.  From the warm greeting at the entrance to the profuse apologies for a mere thirty second wait for some hot maple syrup (!), I have not experienced such service since my visit to Phil's BBQ in San Diego.With a raging appetite and an insatiable desire to sample as much as I could, I went with the Wings & French Toast along with an enormous buttermilk pancake on the side.  The poultry extremities were very nicely fried - crispy skin that wasn't at all overbattered, juicy and flavorful meat underneath with hints of lemon pepper.  Their accompaniments were just as tasty offering up great cinnamon sweetness and fluffy texture.  Likewise, the wheel of a pancake was spot-on and already came loaded with buttery goodness...no extra needed!For drinks, the coffee is bottomless and TBK has 4-5 different roasts if you care to go through more than one throughout your meal.To sum it all up...(very) generously portioned, delicious breakfast fare served up by some of the most hospitable people you'll ever meet.Amazeballs =DComing from the west coast, the Breakfast Klub is to Houston as Rosco's is to Los Angeles: Chicken and Waffles and the like.I went here as a part of a work gathering. I was new, and most other the others had been there before.Most everyone else ordered the Chicken and Waffles or something similar.I ordered the Benedict which was certainly very good.  The main theme of the restaurant seems to replace "C"s with "K"s- hence the name. It was assuming, but did not live too long.For the price, wait, and what you get, I was not impressed. This is not to say I will not be going back; however, this is certainly not a place I will frequent.3.1/5Come for the chicken and waffles. Great flavor.Do brunch on a weekday around 10am if you'd like to get in quick. Otherwise, you'll be parking downtown and standing in the line out the door for a while.This place is amazing. Everything I had is great. The service is friendly. The owner always go around and greet the customers. Even though, there are long lines. The service is always fast. Never had to wait more than 30 minutes. I've had the famous wings and waffle, which is delicious. The catfish and grits are great. The best grits I ever had. Pretty much everything on the breakfast menu is delicious. Every time I eaten there I get so full that I don't eat for the rest of the day.Long line, but well worth the wait for the Fried chicken & waffles.I love this place.  The line is long but the food is worth the wait. The portions are usually two meals. The  reason why I didn't give five stars is because when you finally get in, the cashier literally rush you. They need to be patient and take in consideration that wev'e been in line for more than a hour. I'll be back.The Catfish breakfast is fantastic. Great soul food from people that clearly take pride in their food. A must do in Houston!Me and my daughter stopped by early this time no line... quickly we were welcomed in, given a menu and was rold of the specials. I got fish and grits my daughter chicken and waffles. We ordered a side of hashbrowns because our meals didn't come with them. Total 41 bucks...umm what...yes my jar hit the floor...total shock. I said to myself or maybe out loud lol...this better be the best breakfast ever.  It was, except we could have passed on the hashbrowns. U have to get your own everything. Drink, folks, jelly etc but that was ok....so over all food was great but way over priced....reallyYes, there will be wait, and yes it is worth it. My friends and I came here after completing a half marathon. Needless to say, we were tired and hungry, but decided to stick out the hour wait. Once we got inside, we placed our order, and within 5 minutes, our food came out (no wonder line moved so quickly). We got the famous wings and waffles, as well as the katfish and grits. Although the wings and waffles were amazing, I would have to say the katfish and grits were twice as amazing. The katfish was perfectly seasoned and fresh. The grits were buttery and addicting. We also got a side of french toast, which was good, but nothing to rave about. All in all, worth the wait, money, and calories. Happy salivating.Always my first stop after getting off the plane when visiting Houston. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I always get the Chicken & Waffles with a side of potatoes. I go in saying that I am going to try something else but I never do. It's that good. Perfectly seasoned wings and fried potatoes, delightfully light and airy golden brown Belgium Waffle, what is there NOT to like. My mother usually opts for the Catfish which I always nibble off of which is equally good. I am not sure if it is the time of year or day that I visit Houston that has allowed me to avoid the long wait times that others have mentioned but I have only once had to wait any length of time to be seated. It took about 20 minutes to be seated and the line was literally out outside and beginning to curl around the building. I am from DC where wait times at some places can be up to 2 hours depending on the night so I wasn't really bothered and again that only happened to me once.Pros:Customer ServiceVarietyCustomer ServiceAmbianceCons:LineParkingThis is good comfort food. No complaints there. There is really never a good time to come to avoid the crowd...which is good news for the Breakfast Klub.Their customer service can not be surpassed....Hands down!Only visit about twice a year because of the variables involved ( parking , line , weather while standing in line )Food is always superb. Best CONSISTENTLY breakfast food in Houston!This is my favorite place to get breakfast! I always come here on the weekend so the line is super long but so worth the wait for their Chicken and Waffles! There's usually a lady walking around handing out menus and making sure you're having a good time. Marcus, the owner, always walks around to check on you in the line or at your table which is pretty cool. They also provide water while you're waiting. You can ask for extra strawberries on your Chicken and Waffles which costs extra but is totally worth it! My sister likes the Catfish and Grits but she doesn't like grits so they let her substitute them for potatoes.It's not full service and once they hand you your food, you're on your own. When you order, the food comes out fast and it's hot and delicious. Magically, every time we get to the front of the line there always seems to be a table open that seats our party perfectly no matter how many people we have.I am a fan of the Klub. This was my second time having chicken and waffles. The first time was a Roscoe's (for you California folk), so I had some solid expectations coming here for breakfast. Let me say those expectations were blown out of the water.We went here on a Saturday morning ~9am. Parking wasn't exactly easy to find, but I didn't have to drive around too much before finding a reasonably close spot. There was a line out the door that made me nervous though! It was drizzling but they were kind enough to have uprights out so their customers wouldn't get wet. The line, even though it was probably a good 30+ people long, didn't take more than half an hour to get through. You place your order, find a table, and sit down with a number card so they know where to bring your food. I didn't think we wouldn't get a table, but the kitchen seemed to be the rate limiter, and the staff were very good at cleaning up as soon as someone is done. You shouldn't have a problem with seating. You have to get your own utensils, drinks, and condiments (honey, jam, hot sauce, etc.). This works for the Breakfast Klub though because it let's them concentrate on doing what they do best - make good food.I had the chicken and waffles, and my girlfriend got catfish and grits. In my opinion the waffle was nothing special. I have made better with my waffle iron at home. The chicken and catfish, however, were out of this world. The flavor or the seasoning was beyond what I had expected. A++They were playing a Michael Jackson soundtrack the entire time. No complaints there. If you're looking for a super casual atmosphere and good food this is your place. Maybe a little pricey for my liking, but it prices competitively with any other chicken and waffle place around.Ummm yeah.  The best chicken and waffles I've ever had!  I don't know what they do to get their fried chicken wings to be so flavorful!  They also give you a big waffle to eat along with your chicken wings.  I don't know what words to use to describe a good waffle, but if I did, I would use them.  My friends also swear the catfish and grits are to die for, but I have yet to try it out for myself.  Their service is great too.  The staff members are friendly and all smiles.  They also have a lady who comes out to give you menus, explain how the ordering system works, and just answer any questions you have.  While we were eating, the owner came around and made sure we were having a pleasant experience.  The only complaint I have is the wait.  The line for this place is usually outside the door and doesn't move very fast.  I've been here twice - once in the summer, and once in the winter.  Standing outside during both visits was not pleasant.  If they have the money, they should consider expanding.  At least to increase inside space for the people who are waiting in line.I am giving this place 3 stars rather than one because the chicken wings are off the chain. These people know fried chicken! The fried pork chop was also amazing. As for the waffle? It left more to be desired. I am even thinking that it was made with the mix they sell in the restaurant. Which is not acceptable with their prices. It was not nice and crispy. It tasted like it had been sitting in a pan of other waffles. Which very well may be the case as the lines here are super long. For a place that is pretty much self serve they should really consider knocking off a few dollars from the menu. $20 breakfast bill for 1 is not cool.You may have to wait 45 minutes to finally order your food, but boy is it worth it. I've gotten the wings, waffles, catfish, grits, potatoes, and biskits & gravy. Everything is top notch. The best things are the wings and grits.*quick tip* if you're in a party of 5 or more it's best to split the group to 2-4 ppl a table. Or else you'll be waiting forever for a table. Catch up with each other in line  outside or after you eat..unless you really want to wait In line. The southern hospitality hasn't changed...but the quality of the food did. My group was the early bird. We arrived around 8ish... it was a 25 Min wait. I got the normal breakfast dish: scrambled eggs, biscuit, bacon, & potatoes. Biscuit was ok, made from scratched.Potatoes were kinda soggy, bland. Nice crispy bacon.Chicken and waffles not as good as it sounds. The flavor to the wings is still ok to me...I recommend sharing it with someone else and another dish. You'll get tired after eating half of it. I tried my cousin's fried pork chop... Omg that grease.THIS IS THE PLACE WHERE PEOPLE COME TO HOUSTON TO EAT!  Whatever day you come here, there is likely going to be a long line before you get in; thus, make sure you have time to wait.  Your wait is well worth it though.  If they had more options for vegetarians, they would have received five stars for me.  Besides their lack of vegetarian choices, you can do no better on breakfast in Houston.GO!This is the second review and is titled "There's something about Mary - My mama loves us".Some days I wake up early, real.... early. This morning it was 3:00. I worked for a while then checked on this place's hours. I was dressed and ready to go by 6:00. I got to the Klub at 6:55. When they opened at 7:00, I was the first one in and the entire staff was cheering. Gospel music was playing and the entire crowd was in their "have a blessed day" spirit. I love that southern church feeling. You're like "What does a Hindu cow worshipper born and raised in Mumbai know about the southern church?" Granted, but India is a secular country and I went to a private school called the Don Bosco High School in Mumbai for my entire school life. The management came from the Vatican and the staff was local.Mary came over and stood with me at the counter while I ordered a 6 piece chicken wings a la carte and a side of their "to die for" grits. I heard the cheese Nazi whisper, "No cheese for you". This was more than enough food for a breakfast. When I was done paying, Mary and I moved over to one side and had our picture taken. Then she offered me water, tea, coffee and a chair. All of these I politely declined. While I waited I had one young lady get me 2 boxes of the pancake and waffle mix. When the order was ready Mary said she would walk with me to the car with both my packages.We went to the car and Mary waited patiently while I put away my cane and settled into the front seat. Then she put the mix in the back and gave me my breakfast. Once I was set she left but promised to check on me before I ate and left. I opened the meal at 7:10. It was so hot that I put it on the seat beside me and waited for quite some time. While I waited, I gave my wife a status update and checked on Bear, our dog.When I started eating, I just could not stop thinking about how my wife loved her  one and only vegetarian breakfast choice. A made from scratch, soft, hot Belgian waffle with powdered sugar, yummy sweet maple syrup and fresh strawberries. We have foregone whipped cream for some time now. So when Mary came out to check on me, I asked her to get me a waffle. She went back, ordered, brought the paperwork which I signed, added a generous gratuity for the entire morning and waited. When Mary brought the waffle, I checked on the two containers of maple syrup and the small to go box of fresh strawberries and placed them securely on the seat before driving away.I called my wife and asked her to meet me at loop 610 and Main St. I got to the gas station at the corner, pulled into a parking spot and waited. She got there a few minutes later, took her delicious breakfast, we did the honey thing and she went to her office. I went home to my waiting Bear and this review. This place has free WiFi which I may take advantage of on weekdays while I work or blog. It will get me out of the house into a place where I have my mom and the rest of the loving staff.Got there at 11 on a Friday afternoon and waited about 30 minutes. The chicken and waffle were great just as recommended by yelpers. The coffee from the dispensers was really bad and would not recommend. Also, had to ask for a new cup because there was dish soap in the cup due to improper washing.The line is usually outside the door but it's worth the wait!  I only had their catfish and grits dish but it was it the hit spot!  Most of my friends got the chicken and waffles and at first I thought it was so odd.  Literally, the first bite everyone took from that dish - I watched their expression and it was pure delight!  I promised myself the next time I go there I would order that.  If you are trying to look out for calories and what not --- this is not the place to go.  This is where you go for a full out cheat meal but it's worth it!  Plus, the staff was so friendly and outgoing!  :)I have traveled to Houston of the last ten years! I simply can not visit without dining at "The Breakfast Klub." The Katfish and Grits are Delish!family loves the place, great food, great staff!Every now and then I will throw good eating habits to the wind. This would be one of those places. A must do in Houston -- even if just for the cultural experience. All the waiters and waitresses were specially nice. Must be that southern hospitality. I definitely felt it here. Traditional soul food at it's best. Some negatives I would give would be wait, and the restaurant size. No matter what time you get here, there will always be a line so expect to wait at least 30 minutes to an hour. Also they could stand to start an expansion project on this place. It's getting out of hand to the point where more tables and chairs are needed to accommodate everyone. Also they really need to open past 2 P.M. You guys would make so much $. SO MUCH MORE $! Just a thought.That being said, the food here is amazing! Fried chicken and waffles are their specialty, but don't forget to show love to their pork chop, catfish and grits, all made with tender loving care. Their stuff is no joke. So tender and juicy in each bite. I've heard good things about their french toast so next time that will be my dish to try.Wait is not too bad, there's a sweet old lady that comes around handing menus and is very nice. Food is a little on the pricey side, but definitely worth it.This has definitely jumped to one of the top places i take friends visiting houston. I have tried the chicken & waffles and french toast & chicken. The chicken is always on point. Packed with tons of flavor and comes out hot every time. The waffle is nothing special. Don't get me wrong, it's good but it's not ohmygod good. I definitely liked the french toast more. Super friendly waitstaff and food comes out pretty fast for a made to order place.Definitely worth a try.I really like this place.  Despite the long lines, things move fast.  People are just happy here.  What's not to be happy about when you get smiling faces and big portions of tasty food?  I like the waffles.  No, not chicken and...  Just waffles.  I have also had pancakes and liked them too.  The sausage and the bacon are tasty and the coffee is strong and hot.  If you are in the area and get in early, hop in.  If you're there and it's later, go ahead and stand in line.  You will be glad you did.Don't let the long line scare you away!!!  The food at this place is amazing!  Service is even better.  You'll wait in line outside, but food comes fast once you order.  Chicken & Waffles is a must!  Don't be afraid to drizzle the syrup on those wings....heaven!  I always take my out of town guests here and no one has ever been disappointed!The food is amazing!!!.. I visited here when I first moved to Houston. The services is amazing very friendly staff I love the way they work together to make sure you are happy. Even though it may look like a very long line outside it moves pretty fast and wreath every minute of the wait....lol.. I just wish they had longer hours.Great Food!  The only thing I did not like is the long line to get in!  HOWEVER...it was worth the wait!Lives up to the hype! Got there about 8:45 on a Sunday (they open at 8) and waited about 30 mins to get inside. They're very efficient and we had our food in no time. The catfish was seasoned and cooked perfectly. I'm particular about my grits and theirs are great! Not soupy at all. Not crazy about the biscuit so I'd get toast next time.1038 reviews and 4.5 stars, I thought WOW I must try this place.  We got there at 11:30am and was able to order by 12:20pm. I ordered wings and grits along with green eggs and my friend ordered waffle n wings. I must admit grits were the best I ever had. Wings were crispy and SALTY (yes in fact I would say too salty for my taste), scrambled green eggs were bit on the oily side (seriously how can you f'up scrb eggs) and Texas toast was alright. My cafe au lait was nothing mind blowing.  Would I go back?? May be not.. I would rather go to baby barnabys and eat some healthy breakfast and feel good after my brunch than to eat some seriously unhealthy, über expensive (our bill was $45.00) food that comes with extra salt. No thank you.  3 star is for grits and friendly staff.Winner winner chicken dinner! ...Er, breakfast!Despite all the *amazing* reviews on Yelp, The Breakfast Klub still somehow managed to exceed my expectations! Seriously, the way that business and customer service is operated here - the sense of community - it's a model others should aspire to follow and only hope to attain. Imagine, everyone is greeted with a sincere smile, "how are you?" "have you been here before?" a handshake. Yes, a handshake. So the food. Wings 'n' waffles? Add a little hot sauce and syrup if you so please. Oh yes, baby. But for me, the catfish, grits and eggs with a side of biscuit had my taste buds screaming, "hallelujah! Thank the Lord for the BK!" (And these aren't ordinary grits. They're more like a pool of warm, melted butter that so happen to have some grits. Ya hear what I'm saying?) And about the wait. Seriously, people. You want to complain about a measly 15-20 minute wait? Think about this: By the time you get in line that so happens to wrap around the building, are handed a menu and order, get chatted by the friendly staff, entertained by outside vendors with booths (even activities for the kiddies), pay at the register, grab your delicious hot coffee and then sit down ... your food appears on your table right before your eyes. I've waited longer just to get a table at a crowded steakhouse or Mexican restaurant.For me, eating at the Breakfast Klub is more than just about the food. It's about the experience. You'll leave with the tummy full and that warm fuzzy feeling in your heart."And I jizz in my pants" ...Holy crap, this is probably the best Southern comfort breakfast I've ever had in my life. Woke up early and went here for some breakfast. Had heard about it through Yelp and drove past it once only to see a line out the door and around the corner. We only had to wait about 15 mins in line which is odd because you're waiting to order your food at the counter. How hard can that be? "I'll take the Chicken and Waffles". Then pay your money and move on. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles just because that was their specialty and I've never had this combination. I've heard of people eating fried chicken and waffles for breakfast and raved about it even though I think it's a bit odd. I think it's an excuse to eat fried chicken in the morning. "Hmm, I really want fried chicken this morning but I should have breakfast. I know, I'll add a waffle and call it breakfast...done and done". We also split the biscuits and gravy which were as expected...amazing. The biscuits were huge and the gravy had nice chunks of sausage in it...best I've ever had. After our meal, I felt bad because we had so much food left over and we were sitting under a picture that had 2 little homeless looking kids holding up a sign that said, "Will Vote For Food". Sorry kiddies, but we're tossing all this food in the trash and not your bellies. I felt bad for a min though. This place gives the largest portions and is definitely a factor in Houston being one of the fattest cities in America. Besides the food being amazing, another reason to come here is because the staff is incredible. I can't think of any restaurant I've been to where I've felt so welcomed. The owner was going around and talking to everyone in line as well as a greater going outside on a regular basis to welcome everyone and see how they were doing. I felt as if I was a regular and they all knew me. I don't think I saw any staff member not smiling. This place will blow any breakfast place out of the water. I highly recommend it and once my arteries unclog, I'm going back.Food overpriced for the amount they give you. Also, orange juice came out of a bottle not freshly squeezed for a Supposely Award winning Breakfast spot..The bathroom was way below par...Maybe bc it was the first wanna be LA Roscoe waffle and wings spot that is why its so popular. I dont get it..I had better Breakfast at numerous of places. and that Line is redunkalous! If I had the money I would open a breakfast joint across the street to get those people waiting in line."Do you know how popular I am? I am so popular. Everybody loves me so much at this school [in this town]." - Claire Well, apparently most people do love the Breakfast Klub. You can see that when you get to the place with the line of early breakfasters curving around the building. While waiting, the staff will direct you on how to order, where to get your drinks and condiments, and they even have water outside to help with this Texas heat as you wait. I had been wanting to go see what all the fuss was about and was able to get my sister and niece to tag along. We arrived around 9:30 and only waited about 15 minutes before we were able to place our orders and find a table. The place is decent sized for the location, but the tables felt like they were covered in syrup. I mean, I know it's a known for Chicken 'n Waffles, but I don't want to wear it home on my clothes. After cash register shock at the price of breakfast for 3 people - $40, I settled in to my chair with a nice hot cup of Colombian coffee as we waited for our orders. In just minutes the plates arrived and my Chicken 'n Waffles smelt delicious. I immediately dug in and was pleasantly surprised with the flavor of the wings. They were tasty with a slight kick of spice, and not overdone. The Belgian waffle was fluffy with a nice crisp to the edges but a little heavy for me. I wasn't able to eat much mostly because I don't eat big breakfasts usually, but I did take the wings to go. The next day they actually tasted better cold and fresh out of the fridge. They seemed a little spicier on day 2. So in closing, the breakfast was good, the coffee was better and I think my shoes still have a layer of maple syrup on the bottom.GO KLUBBIN' IN THE DAYTIME!!Soooooo, here's what I'm sayin, if you're visiting, waking up from a good date, even a bad date or better yet you roll over and look at your husband and know that this is about to be one of those weekends that never end (if you don't understand then yo man ain't like my man) then you want to start your day at the Klub.  You cannot go alone because you need to be able to eat off of someone else's plate, unless you just friendly like that....check the catfish n grits but don't leave without wafflin down a cake and by all means grab anybody's chicken wing on your way out...........then RUN!!  uhh cuz they will come after you for the chicken wing............ENJOYIt makes a big difference if you can get to the Breakfast Klub before ~9:30am. Don't get scared by the long lines though, it moves pretty quick and the food comes out fast. Their chiken n waffles are not overrated. I personally don't care for the waffles as much because the chiken wings are seasoned and cooked to perfection.After seriously over-indulging myself at the Breakfast Klub, all I could think of was what a gluttonous piggy I was. I couldn't breathe and my eyes were tearing up because of how I stuffed my face but I would do it all over again if I had the company because it was just so chicken-lickin' good.You may have noted that there is a really long line out the door of this place, but the line moves really quickly and their good hospitality starts from the outside-in. There is water and coffee you can have while cruising through the line and employees are always there handing out menus and assisting with any recommendations.In no time my guest and I were inside ordering our food and we definitely indulged ourselves:- Wings & Waffles: Juiciest, most delicious wings I have ever had. These babies were perfection. Crispy crunch on the outside, not too much batter, amazing flavor and juice on the inside. The kind of juice that dribbles down your chin because it's so good. The waffles were pretty good. I've never been a waffle girl so I'm not really one to judge.- Biskits & Gravy: My heart aches just thinking about the biscuits and gravy. I could drink that gravy straight, therefore how appropriate is it that they serve it in a cappuccino cup. The biscuits were fluffy, flaky, and the perfect vehicle to get all that flavorful gravy from plate to mouth. Screw coffee. Get gravy.- Pankakes w/ 2 Eggs, Sausage, Bakon, and Ham: The pancakes were seriously tasty and also fluffy. I don't remember the sausage very much, but the bacon was exactly how I like it: crispy, but not too crispy and the fat was perfectly crisped to where it melted in my mouth. The ham was very nice too, not like the crap you'd get at Denny's.The service was speedy and just the epitome of southern hospitality. The sinfully delicious food is worth waiting two hours for, but luckily it only took about 5-10 minutes, the same amount of time I would have waited at any sit-down restaurant. I'm going to have to revisit the Breakfast Klub very soon and get a new laptop, because after writing this review I'm not sure how I'll get all the drool off my keyboard.I'm finally a member of the Klub!Not unlike the No Homers Club, this place offers admittance to only one kind of Houston homer: the Houstonian willing to wait in a line outside the restaurant, rain or shine, while drooling all over the menu.First, some background. The girlfriend volunteered at a clinic in midtown last summer, and has since been raving about this place that hates the letter C. We've tried to go a few times before, but were deterred by the line, as we had things to do after brunch/lunch. For my birthday this year, the girlfriend asked what I wanted to do for dinner. Screw dinner, I said! We're eating breakfast! (full disclosure: Like Chris Turk, I'm a brinner's #1 fan. But getting up for breakfast...not so much.)So on Super Bowl Sunday, to the Breakfast Klub we went. I thought we were beating the church crowd getting there at 10:30--no luck there. Saints fans were on the prowl, though, even setting up shop with some Who Dat? shirts in front. The order taker/menu lady (not really sure what else to call her) came out shouting "Are there any Saints fans here?!" A couple woo hoo's went out. She countered that by saying "Go New England!" Now she could have been A) being facetious and pointing out Indy's archrival, B) completely clueless about who was playing, or C) a Tom Brady fan. Whatever option you believe, the point is that friendliness is key at the Klub.The wait, while daunting, isn't bad. Upon entry, your order is written on a slip. Wait a little bit more (read the literature on the wall, perhaps), and you hand your slip over to the cashier, who (naturally) greets you with a smile.  We went with the two favorites: catfish and grits and chicken and waffles.  I picked up a bottomless cup of gourmet coffee, which is one of the best cups of joe I've had this side of Starbucks. I sampled a few, but settled on the Guatemalen blend as my fave.  They also have a variety of specialty-chinos, but like the Denny's guy, I like mine straight black, thanks.  They also offer store-bought juices or homemade tea or lemonade.I hadn't even finished picking up utensils, condiments, and my first coffee, and the food was already at the table. So yeah, it's the same wait as going to IHOP, only you wait standing up instead of sitting down. Again, no worries about the line, folks.The catfish was one of the best I've ever had. It's crunchy on the outside, flaky in the intermediate, and juicy on the inside--all with an explosion of flavor. The grits, which the girlfriend and I are no big fan of, was decently butter-y and delicious after a touch of salt, pepper, and tabasco.  Add some jelly to the biscuit and you've got yourself a meal. If you want great food, the catfish will do it for you.If you want the piece de resistance, then the chicken and waffles is really the only way to go.  Six wings, fried to perfection.  I've had myself some good wings: bonchon, karaage, Plucker's lemon pepper, spicy Popeye's, homemade...but this may top them all. Pour some syrup over the moist, oversized waffle and wings, stick a fork in it, and enjoy. I'm drooling again just thinking about it.As I ate, a big dude clasped his hand strongly on my shoulder. Startled, I almost dropped my fork. Never fear, dear readers, that's only the owner stopping by to say hello and thanks and how is the food. Great, I say. She gonna save you a bite of her wings?, he says. I hope so!, I say. He gives a hearty laugh and is on his way.The only downside of this place is the prices seem high for the food portions, but just think that you're paying for a hearty meal and a place where friendliness permeates. People from all walks of life come down to the Breakfast Klub to enjoy a meal with a smile, and the movie moniker is more than apt.Now if I could just find some way to slip out of work in order to try their Etouffee lunch special...Although this is literally on the opposite side of town from where I live, I decided to make the trip down 59 to see what the big deal was about this place.  This establishment isn't located in a "happening" location, but I find that to be a great quality.  We don't have to fight shopping traffic or other restaurant folks in the area.  Breakfast Klub is located across the street from (what looks like) President Obama's Houston campaign headquarters.  Either that...or it's a run down building and just decided to plant his face on the side of the building.One tip I would have for those that come here on the weekend - get here EARLY.  You WILL wait at least 30 minutes just to get your foot in the door.  Personally, I didn't mind the wait too much due to the true essence of southern hospitably given by the hostess who goes out of her way to greet and chat with you.The service is excellent and extremely surprising.  I placed my order for catfish and grits as well as the famous chicken and waffles.  The moment I paid and started walking through the dining room to find a table, a server was following me with my order.  I am not exaggerating - I didn't even sit down yet before the food was given to me.  Both the dishes were wonderful!  The chicken wings weren't overly greasy, the catfish wasn't dry, and the grits weren't so....grit-like.  I hate grits, but these were edible for me.  Maybe it was the moat of butter given with it.  I do plan to return to try other things off the menu.  A word of advice, which I gave to another Yelper, is to NOT eat here before work.  Why?  It'll slap you into a food coma like no one's business.I've reading about this place for a long time now and finally woke up early enough today to check it out.  First off everyone was right the wait, it is about 30-45 minutes before you order.  But once you order and get seated it takes about 2 minutes before you get your food.  Now with the seating, it blows my mind because people aren't eating fast, it's a small place, the line is out the door but there is always empty tables.  Anyways I was expecting spectacular by all of the reviews.I ordered the wings and waffles and my friend got the catfish and grits.  The waffle was nice and fluffy and wings were nice and flavorful.  I think I read in another review the wings tasted very similar to hooter's wings.  I'd have to agree except less greasy and more salty flavor than the hot stuff.  The catfish tasted very fresh and that was by far some of the best grits I've ever had.  I never eat grits because usually they are really gross either runny or flavorless.  We also got the sweet tea which was bottled.  It was really sweet and tasted like a mango? flavor. Like I said this place DID NOT live up to the hype, but it was still good.  It was quite expensive for the amount of food you get.  Those 2 meals and the 2 teas came out to about 30 dollars.  For a 45 minute wait and 30 dollars I was expecting more.  It still deserves 4 stars though.Oh Breakfast Klub, I will heavily bestow the Yelp stars upon thee, because thou hast satisfied my stomach and my soul in ways that I cannot explain.Yes, it's a long line, but it's probably one of the most user-friendly (and efficient) lines you'll see...there's tents so people can duck away from the Houston heat, there's water coolers so you can have something to sip on while you wait, and the lovely staff members always walk through the lines to hand out menus with a warm smile and occasionally a few jokes. You'll be ordering your plates of deliciousness in no time.And the wings and waffles? LOVE. Just LOVE. I'll admit I was kind of skeptical about the idea of wings and waffles when I first heard of it years ago. I was young and naive and didn't know any better. Why on earth would you have fried chicken with Belgian waffles? And how the hell is powdered sugar supposed to factor into all this? But then I realized that I've eaten MUCH more atrocious things from food carts at the Houston Rodeo, and suddenly everything made sense. The savory, crispy, perfectly seasoned, deep-fried chicken wings are the perfect pairing to the sweet, light, and fluffy mattress of of a Belgian waffle that they sit upon. It's called contrast, and it's used in the best ways possible...contrast in flavors, contrast in textures...contrast = delicious.Or in simpler terms: OMG FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLES SO GOOD NOM NOM. There really isn't much of a point of going into flowery descriptions when you're talking about chicken and waffles. It's like trying to write a poem about McDonald's french fries...just eat the damn thing and enjoy the experience without all the wordy fluffiness...ironic that I say this while I write a Yelp review, haha.Word of warning: don't come here during your lunch break, because you WILL fall into a food coma after you're done brushing away the powdered sugar and fried chicken crumbs from your work clothes. Come on your day off (or on a weekend if you're willing to brave the lines) so you can eat, savor, and immediately conk out in the comfort of your own home and not at your workbench. Wings and waffles AND a food coma in your own bed? THAT'S what I call comfort. :DHonestly-one word:Aaaaaaaamazzzing! You have to go to experience it!I had the chicken and waffles it was ok, I've made better in my kitchen. However, the grits were good. The lines are still long, but move quickly. I guess I need to try something else on the menu.The Breakfast Klub deserves all the praise that people give it. After a rough night out, we decided that the only cure for our previous evening's debauchery would be fried catfish, chicken and waffles. Yes, there is a line, but it typically moves by quickly (twenty minutes or so), plus the staff come out and welcome you along. It's all smiles and sunshine. Once you place your order at the counter, you then move along to get your coffee (strong and robust), hot syrup, butter, utensils... and find a seat inside. Then it's up to you to chow down on golden delicious waffles and crunchy fried chicken, or that catfish with some of the most buttery grits this yelper has ever tasted. The coffee is unlimited, so take your time and recover/converse/eat.I can't stress how friendly everyone that works there is. I think I talked to four employees during the course of our visit and on the way out, one big gent shook my hand for coming in. I guess that all stems from owner Marcus Davis, who sounds like a generous soul (there's a few charities he's directly involved with, from what I gather). While in line I read one press clipping about how he used to run out to passing cars and give drivers muffins to try and menus to take with them. Now I'm not saying that's a reason to go, necessarily, but I don't know, maybe it is. You'd have to be "krazy" to pass up at least one visit.I love The Breakfast Klub!I'm a southern boy and fried catfish is where it's at... and this place has the best I've ever had BY FAR. I've been to the Klub twice, and both times I ordered Katfish and grits, and both times it was one of my favorite breakfasts ever.The grits are good, which I've never said about any other restaurant. Usually they're watered down or instant. These are good and hearty with plenty of butter. The eggs were good, cooked perfectly (over medium). But the catfish was to die for, there's a really interesting flavor in the batter that I can't place, and it has just a hint of spiciness without actually being what I'd call spicy.The staff were very friendly and genuine, and on my second visit the owner was out greeting people and visiting tables.Definitely my favorite breakfast spot in Houston. The only downsides are the parking, of which there is next to none readily obvious, and the line: there will always be one.Went for a Sunday breakfast.  Made sure to get there early to avoid the lines and the hot sun.  I have seen the line go all the way around the block for this place so I had to give it a try.  Got eggs with grits, french toast, buscuits and gravy (not a carb watching meal).  Not a big chicken and waffles type person even though i know this is what they are known for.This was a well prepared home cooked meal.  There is nothing extraordinary or extravagant about this meal or the establishment.  If you are looking for eggs benedict with a slice of bruschetta,with a waiter who will put the napkin in your lap, blah, blah, blah...go somewhere else.  If you wake up one morning, (make sure its early) and don't feel like cooking breakfast, check this place out.  The food is rich and tasty with all the personnel happy to help make a decision from the menu.  So good I got a Breakfast Klub sandwich to go.  The coffee is strong and a real eye opener.  They have about 5 to choose from with varying strengths.There is a reason its 4.5 starts with over 400 reviews, how many places on here can boast that type of cred!This place has been reviewed by so many people that I shall make this brief.Overpriced..probablyFriendliest staff in Houston....definitelyHard to park, crowded and noisy....checkBest wings on earth....oh yes!Will I go back.....not before my next cholesterol test.Went there today and it was great! The staff was really polite and the food was good. I got the wings and waffles, the wings were so good and the waffles were alright to me. Only thing you have to worry about is the line, we got there at 12 and we had to wait in line for like 45 min. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a good place to eat for breakfast.Maaaaan....it really is a shame that this place is only open for Breakfast.  The parking lot is almost always full around this time too, so it's best to park at the pay-for-parking lot to the left of Tafia (which is right next door) or on the street if you're lucky.  GET THE SWEET TEA...it tastes deliciously sweet with hints of raspberry.  THE dish to get is of course, the Wings n' Waffles.  The Belgium waffles are big and fluffy with powdered sugar and one giant strawberry in the middle.  There are A TON of wings that surround the waffle -- crispy, juicy, and though not necessarily salted or seasoned, they are surprisingly good.  Also try the French toast for another mouth-watering alternative to the Belgium waffle.  The waitress we had was very sweet and suggested Reggae Hut if we ever wanted to get similar food outside of the Breakfast Klub.  Other then getting your order to the table though, the waiters don't really do much else.  Self-service for silverware, syrup, and drinks (if you order a fountain drink)  If this place was open 24/7 they would probably be busy around the clock.  Still, get the breakfast while it's hot but avoid this place like the plague if you are trying to shed a few pounds...For those who've never been, here's how things work.  1)  you order at the cash register when you walk in.  2)  You get shown to a table where a big number sign is placed to mark your location for the people who will eventually bring your food.  3)  While waiting for the food's arrival, you grab some silverware, whatever sauces you desire, and get your drinks.  4)  Your food arrives.  5)  You eat.  6)  You leave.  It's a system designed to streamline the ordering and dining experience, and it works fairly well.The food itself is solid but unspectacular.  Given the reviews, I expected something really great.  What I got were tasty but undistinguished biscuits and gravy, bottled "juice" (it's not the restaurant's fault that Minute Maid apparently makes certain juice products that are only 30% real juice, but it is the restaurant's fault for serving them), and a side of overcooked sausage with the texture of moldy particleboard covered with a thin layer of burlap.I'd probably go again, but only if I didn't have to wait in line and the staff promised to keep the sausage away from me.  Afterward, I'll definitely update and re-review if it's warranted.Be prepared to wait a long time if you go on a Saturday morning, but rest assured the wait is worth it. Of course wen you go to a place for the first time you have to get the signature dish. So I went with the chick and waffles. You are served 6 wonderfully prepared chicken wings on top of a Belgian waffle, one strawberry in the center, dusted with powdered sugar. The chicken is by far the best part of the dish. The chicken had great crunch and a spicy batter. These people know chicken. If you are ever in midtown Houston and need breakfast I recommend this place with five stars!While the standard bearer for chicken and waffles is supposedly Roscoe's in Los Angeles, I think it would be hard pressed to beat out The Breakfast Klub, an incredible local Houston joint specializing in "wings and waffles" and "katfish and grits".  Sure, there are other items you can order on this menu, but the two specialties are wins of monumental proportions. If you come here, be prepared to wait.  This bastion of Texas Southern pride has a massive following in Houston so you can expect lines to wrap around the building even when tables are available outside.  If you get to the Breakfast Klub on a weekday, you might be able to avoid the general thirty to forty five minute wait on a weekend visit.  However, the wait is worth it for two distinct reasons:1) Wings and WafflesThe wings served here are coated in a flavorful spice mixture that is even tasty without adding condiments or the syrupy goodness from your waffles.  I would suggest eating at least one on its own so you can truly appreciate the taste of the wing.  You can experiment adding a handful of hot sauces after trying them naked.  Personally, while I generally have nothing against a little extra heat, I think the current spice is perfect for what should be your final step.  Try the wings with a little bit of waffle and syrup.  The spicy sweet sensation that fails at so many other chicken and waffle spots across America has been perfected at this humble Fourth Ward eatery.  If you haven't eaten here previously and you are not vegetarian, this would be my suggested dish for you.  2) Katfish and GritsThe catfish is tender and almost melts in the mouth.  The Breakfast Klub does a wonderful job with spice mixtures and has managed to give their delicate catfish a nice spicy finish.  The grits should not be overlooked.  They have a medium thick consistency and are doused in puddles of butter.  I hear the way to go is to order the "cheesy" grits, but I missed that option on this visit.  In any event, both the catfish and the grits on my plate were spectacular.  It pains me to realize that I lived in Houston for years without visiting this place.  While Houston has experienced abundant change since I last walked this city's streets, I can say without question that The Breakfast Klub is an incredible culinary experience that should not be missed on any visit to the most populous city in Texas.I just...I don't...There are no words. How do you describe perfection? We shared the Breakfast Klub sandwich and the legendary chicken & waffles between two of us, and I am in NO WAY exaggerating when I say that I was deeply saddened that I was unable to finish my food. Literally. I felt as though I was abandoning something very, very important to me. Like I needed to wave goodbye.*Sigh.*It was ridiculously delicious (albeit indulgent), and I am so, so happy I gave this place a chance.Houston, we do NOT have a problem. Here in The Breakfast Klub lies every solution to your sweet and salty cravings, homesickness, and geographical challenges when traveling East to West. I first tasted chicken and waffles at Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles, then at the cheap knock off in Oakland and now The Breakfast Klub in Houston. Really, as the years go by I am finding less and less reason to go back to the Golden State. The Breakfast Klub is *that* good.  The Breakfast Klub has every breakfast item available from katfish and grits to pancakes and fruit. I went straight for the signature item and indulged in what I consider the best breakfast I have had in a long time.How to eat 6 Wings and a Waffle:Step 1: hot syrup, honey, and hot sauceStep 2: drizzle honey on wings, dot dot dot wings with the hot sauce, insert in mouth and chew the juicy chicken. hear the crispy skin go crunch and lick the sticky honey off of your fingertips. the chicken will be so good you will want to gnaw off the ends and take the cartilage. the chicken has just the right amount of batter. it's not greasy either but it is indeed fried. mmmm fried food.Step 3: pour hot syrup over a sixth of your waffle. cut into tiny bits and alternate between bites of chicken and bites of waffle.Step 4: take a slice of strawberry to cleanse your palate between wings.Step 5: repeat steps 2 through 4 until food all gone.Satisfaction guaranteed and you will want more.The Breakfast Klub is too much fun. The hostess is incredibly nice. How she keeps her energy and smiles through the long line of customers, I don't know. But I wanted to hug her. When my waitress chatted with me about my UsWeekly, I felt like she was my bff. And when I ate my wings and waffles I wanted to hug the chef. Everything was just too good and just right. As for tips, the register said they don't accept them. I'm not from TX so I don't know the etiquette. Would someone please explain to me why? If The Breakfast Klub were in any other state I'd surely be tipping above the 20% rule. Yes, that good and it wasn't even smothered, topped, or wrapped in bacon.Why come here?  Because Roscoe's is all the way on the west coast!But while Roscoe's is known for their chicken n waffles this place one ups them because not only their chicken n waffles tasty-rific but their katfish and grits are on point as well.I will say that the cafe au lait was ok.  But their actual coffees have different grade of leaded-ness (and drink as much as you like!).If you come here on a Sunday, hit it up before church lets out or you will see that line wrapped around the restaurant  that the other reviews allude to.  But no worries if you do stand in line, there is a friendly line lady who will help out with everything if you're a newbie and the waitstaff is super attentive.  We happened to spill a bunch of syrup before dining and someone immediately came over to help us clean it up.Otherwise, the closest next best is only in Los Angeles...The best analogy I can make for The Breakfast Klub in regards to its competitiveness as a Brunch option is this...Eating here is like competing in the Olympics, winning the Gold Medal, but falling just short of the world record.  And you know what would give this place that extra kick?  A liquor license...Either way, this place epitomizes the ideal brunch setting, especially after a fun night out before.  The set up here is just brilliant.  When we first rolled up, there was a fairly substantial line out the door which made me cringe at first.  Buy luckily my friend is a regular patron and stated that the line tends to move fairly quickly (which it does).  As you wait in line, they have ice cold waiter with cups for your to sip on as you peruse the plentiful menu.  After you decide what you would like to eat, a waitress will come and take your order and give you a receipt (all while you are waiting for your table!) It is a very efficient system.  Once you get inside the restaurant and get to the front of the line, you hand your receipt to the cashier and will notice a very lively atmosphere, with interesting decor and cool music.  It is a very popular place!I ordered one of their signature dishes: Wings and Waffles.  I have ALWAYS wanted to try that and I have to say that it beat my expectations threefold.  I enjoyed every bite, although I doubled my workout routine for the week.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a good brunch on a Saturday or Sunday.I just hope one day they offer a Bloody Mary to go with my meal!Oh, Breakfast Klub...I would climb out of bed at dawn for you. I would be seen in public wearing jammies and bunny slippers for you. I would wait in a line that wrapped around the moon for your Wings n' Grits. I would, I would.Hyperboles aside, Breakfast Klub offers the best breakfast in Houston, period. It's definitely not the healthiest, because I am fairly sure they bred a new strain of butter-infused corn to make their grits, and well, there's no justifying fried chicken for breakfast...but it is the tastiest by far. The crispy wings have a hint of hot sauce in the batter, the katfish is perfectly fried, and the grits are a Southerner's dream. You can expect up to an hour of wait time outside, but the friendly staff does everything possible to expedite the process. They hand out menus while you're waiting, and sometimes they even have someone come around and write your order on a ticket for you, so all you have to do at the counter is hand it over and pay. Don't be daunted when you see the line outside, it is absolutely worth the wait. And if you bring a buddy with you, you can have them hold your spot while you peruse the farmers' market that sets up shop in the t'afia parking lot on weekends.I loved everything about my impromptu visit to The Breakfast Klub.  I have been intimidated by it in the past because of the long lines out the door.  But, we decided to give it a shot.  Boy, am I glad I did.  We were courteously greeted at the door by a woman who explained all the nuances of "The Klub".  Even down to the coffee roasting darkest to lightest right to left.  After ordering we were shown to a table.   The seating area is spacious and comfy.  With the amount of people who come here, the Klub could have put in more tightly fitting tables, but they didn't and I'm so glad for it.  Our food arrived piping hot and looking great!  It was everything it was supposed to be.  My French toast and chicken was one of the most delicious breakfasts I've ever had.   The chicken was hot, crispy, juicy...perfect.  The French toast was made with Texas toast and I would guess it's baked due to the fact that it is so perfectly cooked with a slight crust on the outside while maintaining a light, fluffy consistancy to the body of the toast.  It was served with a very light dusting of powdered sugar.  My one and only complaint is the accustics are horrible.  I couldn't hear a thing because of how loud it got inside.  Also 2 entrees plus a side of eggs cost almost $30.  Including a soda and a lemonade.My one and only regret...I didn't get any grits.I have only been once and don't really see what the long lines are about.  Maybe I might bring an out of town guest here just so they can experience part of houstons restaurant scene inside the loop, but not if they are impatient.  I guess it's busy because of the location and hole in the wall atmosphere?  I've had better food in worse locations.  The price for breakfast was a little higher than what I would like to pay for the amount you get.Too much hype.  Too salty. Too expensive for my blood.Nothing spectacular.Wings and waffles, Katfish and grits + a biscuit with gravy less than a mile from where I live? heaven! Though I have to remember to get only one dish here, the portions are generous. I don't eat here as much as I'd like to, but it's only because I'm trying to avoid having a heart attack. They are usually closed on Sundays, which is a bummer! Some days they have "customer appreciation" days where the food is free with the purchase of beverage! Nuts!Love the customer service here!  The staff are always friendly, upbeat and cheerful regardless of how busy they are.  The food comes out in large portions and tasty. They have plenty of options to choose from such: shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles and soooo much more!  Depending on the time you arrive the line of people that will coil around like a snake proves that they have a pretty good following, so considered yourself warned, be patient and you'll be glad you did.  :)OH WOW!Bleary eyed from my red-eye flight and drive through downtown morning commute traffic, I was immediately greeted by an enthusiastic counter staff member I almost thought she was doing a pep-o-rally cheer to me. Yup, I woke up. The set up is to immediately order at the counter, get a number, and sit down. The waitstaff then brings out the food, and service is prompt and quick, with a dash of Southern charm. You can tell that everyone there is trained to handle large crowds under pressure. I of course got the classic waffles and fried chicken. The chicken was extra crispy and perfectly spiced with salt, pepper, and secret addictive powder. I love evenly coated batter because there is no excess fried batter balls to scrape the roof of my mouth. And the waffle, omg, the waffle... THE FLUFFIEST WAFFLE! The floofy consistency remains throughout the entire waffle. I usually ditch waffles aside like it's extra toast. But that waffle, oh-my-geee, that darn waffle is worth a million bucks.To this day, I still salivate for that waffle!If you dine in person, don't forget your colorful permanent markers to leave your tag on the bathroom wall. Reading some inspirational quotes on the wall made my day.Wow, the food at the Breakfast Klub is FANTASTIK!!! From the coffee, chicken and waffles to the fish and grits. So good, you can buy their products.  Its unlike anything you ever had.Con: The wait.  On the wknd, forget about it an hour wait minimum.  Even on a Monday morning at 11:00am there was at least 30-45 min wait.  The line moves, but it is always long.....ALWAYS.  Be mentally prepared and hydrated.  Food is worth it and I will do it everytimeThey certainly have a system down at the Breakfast Klub. The line may seem daunting, but it moves fairly quickly, and your food will come out almost immediately after you've ordered. In fact, this past Saturday, our food was ready before we had even reached our seats after pouring some coffee and grabbing utensils. A server found me carrying my little numbered flag while still making my way to a table. Which is good, I suppose, if you're in a hurry, but forfeits quality in my opinion. I ordered the signature Wings 'n Waffles with sides of bacon and cheese grits (to get a more complete picture), and the second in my party of two got the Breakfast Special, with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and a biscuit.The waffle was good, though I suppose hard to mess up, and the wings were crispy and flavorful, if a little greasy. The bacon was bacon. The famous grits, to which I added the coup de grâce of cheese, were buttery and rich, but not all that creamy. Rather, they were soft on the inside but firmer on the outside. In the end, every item betrayed its ability to be brought out almost immediately upon ordering: heat lamps and steam tables. Again, this is obviously a function of the huge crowds that show up for breakfast, but it doesn't have me counting the days until my next visit.I think the main draw of the Breakfast Klub is its atmosphere. You know those commercials on TV where there are improbable crowds all flocking to a CVS or Wal*Mart? I guess they're meant to convey the popularity, usefulness, and quality of a given store, and to make you think, "Hmm, I should be going to Walgreens too!" They just make me think, "What, is there a party in there or something? I've never seen that many people going to a damn Randalls at the same time." Anyway, that's really what it's like at the Breakfast Klub. People walking up from all directions, getting in line, catching up with friends and family, and talking with the hostesses as they hand out menus and wink at the kids. It really is a breakfast experience, but I can probably get my eggs elsewhere.This morning me and Briana woke up early enough to go to breakfast. So we decided that we needed to try the Breakfast Club since every review on yelp was positive and there is always a line. We needed to see for ourselves if this place was all it was hyped up to be.When you got there, there was a pretty long line but there was someone walking around passing out menus, asking if we had any questions and assuring us that the line would move quickly. And it did. Plus as soon as we sat down our food quickly followed us which was great cuz at that point we were starving. I've never had friend chicken for breakfast, so I decided on the Wings and Grits. It was honestly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had...ever. The chicken was juicy, just perfect, the biscuit was soft and tasty, and the grits were nice and buttery.So was it worth all the hype? Definitely Will I be back again? Fo' Sho'!!Urglug come here one day in da morning cause me hear some funny human say it good, so Urglug say ok and go.  First thing he see is BIG LINE of squishy humans on da outside of place.  Normally me just crush them cause it fun then get da food, but me felt tired and big brain hurt cause too much grog last night, so me just stand in line.Funny lady come over to Urglug in da line and she ask if he ever been here before.  HAHAHA!!!  Urglug laugh at funny lady but remember it rude so he stop and say no.  She give big menu and ask what kinda food Urglug want to eat.  MEAT!!!!!!!!!!!  Me say real loud and people give funny look, but me not mind.  Funny lady say dey got lots of kinds of meat, which make Urglug happy.Me decide to get turkey and eggs cause it not make Urglug fat and slow like if he eat yummy fried chicken, but that ok, it still good.  REAL GOOD, me find out when get to table and small human bring over da plate.  Also gave Urglug some funny mushy stuff dey call grits but maybe not sure.  Urglug try it cause he like to do new things and IT GOOD TOO.  He notice a pattern here cause he smart orc.One thing me like is grabbing own forks and grog holder (dey not have grog, so had to drink da coke).  Urglug usually boss humans around and have dem do stuff for him but sometimes he just feel independent and not want to wait.  Urglug think da price good for how much food he got.  Me wanted to order 5 or 6 more things but think maybe it time to go.  Urglug think humans working here nice and food real good so he come back if he get da chance.Since my first review, I have been to the Breakfast Klub at least 5 times! I do so love this place. Many times my companions have tried to persuade me to go somewhere else for breakfast (once they see the long line) But I am as stubborn as a horse and no one can get me out of that line! No one I tell you! The food is amazing! I am not sure what they do to those wings to make them so delicious, but they are indeed wonderful. Some people eat the wings and waffles at the same time, NOT ME!! I eat them individually.. so I can prolong that fantastic taste. Service is good and always friendly, the place is clean and the tables are cleaned within 2 minutes of people leaving. Yeah there is a wait, which I would much rather not deal with, but because of the Wings and Waffles.. I DO!The food is excellent.  The service was pretty quick.  Their wings and waffles are a definite must have.  Something about the batter on the wings make them much more delicious compared to other friend chicken.  We also got their eggs benedict, pork chop, and green eggs and ham which were also all really good. I came on a Tuesday morning and the line wasn't too bad, but I hear on the weekends the line wraps around to the outside of the building.Go on a Sunday when the love from the music and people are intensified! We came after work on a drizzly morning, around 8:00am. About 10 feet before the door we were already greeted with a great smile and were handed menus. I so love the service.. They have the most kind-hearted staff I've encountered so early in the morning. Seriously. Some business owners can take a few tips from TBK.I've loved their french toast for years but a few mornings ago I switched it up for an eggs benedict.. something I probably shouldn't have done. My palate doesn't do well with salty food and I just couldn't get passed it. The hollandaise was poured heavy, how I like it. The poached egg sits on sliced turkey and then on a biscuit (topped with bacon). I love that they substitute the ham for turkey and the English muffin for a biscuit. Don't get me wrong, TBK's benedict concept is really creative.. but not recommended for a palate like mine.. the salty dish was too intense. The meaty omelette was massive and served with buttered grits and a biscuit. Truly a breakfast best fit for a king (or queen). We eagerly ate off each others plate and still went home with leftovers! Never forget your appetite because TBK will be sure to load you up!(Okay, so this review is a little late.  Four months late.  But I figured, better now than never, right?)Morning of Christmas Eve.  9AM.  Family arrives in Houston.  Where do we stop first?  The Breakfast Klub.  Is there a line already?  Yes.  And it's wrapped around the diner and into the parking lot.  Nobody complains though, and a quick survey makes you realize that every person in line knew exactly what the holy grail was at the end of the line: the salt n' peppery, crispy chicken and waffles.We also had their Catfish n' Grits, along with various sides of biscuits, eggs, and gravy.  All were phenomenal, feel-good, eatin' at gammy's house delicious!  Oh, and you can't say no to their coffee.  You wouldn't expect much from a diner, but seriously.  They could run the place with their freshly-brewed coffee alone. Despite the fact it was Christmas Eve, the place was packed!  Not surprising though, since eating at the Breakfast Klub was basically like spending time with family.  Every person on staff was friendly and welcoming, and gasp!  Was it Marcus Davis himself who served us the fried potatoes??  Probably not, but I like to think it was.  I already felt like I was in Heaven.I went here for the first time with my baby sister and waited in line and out the door for 15 minutes to get a table. BUT it was soooo worth the wait  for delectable wings 'n waffles. We were greeted by a lovely lady who handed out menus and told us to help ourselves to ice water refreshments. As soon as we got to the door, they took our order and waited to pay at the register. Food was out by the time we finished getting our condiments!It is really the place to be at for a Sunday Breakfast. Seriously, this food will put a satisfying smile on your face once you bite into the crispy and nicely seasoned chicken wing. The waffle is a great combination with waffles. I'm a dipper! So dipping my waffle bit and piece of chicken into maple syrup was divine :)The eggs benedict was pretty good, but not as good as wing n waffles! HOLLA!Food - 5/5Service - 4/5Price - 4/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: Chicken and WafflesI was very close to giving the Breakfast Klub five stars. The one downfall for some people may be the ridiculously long wait (outside in the Houston humidity). To me, it's all part of the ambiance that is southern eating in downtown. Once you get into the restaurant, the food is second to none--one of the top 5 chicken wings I've ever had.This place is definitely well worth the wait.  The line goes by pretty quick so don't be scared!  We arrived on a Friday morning and it was packed!  The line was out the door and we waited about 15 minutes before going inside to order. We had the fried catfish which was absolutely delicious.  I don't like eating fish and when I tried this catfish, I couldn't stop eating it!  It has a spice rub around the fish meat and then it's deep fried so it has a crunchy outside texture.  Seriously, it was amazing!  I didn't even think it would be good and only ordered it because the lady out front told us to try it and we got a small side.  Next we had the waffles and the famous wings.  The chicken wings were also amazing!  It's also rubbed with the same spice and deep fried with a crunchy outer texture.  I was a little disappointed with the waffles since they came out a little soft and not crunchy.  I would probably get the grits and wings next time versus the wings and waffles.  Overall, we loved this place!  I would definitely go back again the next time I'm in Houston!!! Yummy!!!!How have I not reviewed my favorite breakfast in Houston? I am baffled! I was sitting at my desk thinking about their amazing food when I realized that I have never yelped it. I have problems when its 2:30pm and I am day dreaming about Breakfast Klub. Fried chicken is my favorite food. So my standards are pretty high. Next to my granny's, their chicken wings are the best I have ever had. Perfectly seasoned, crispy outside, juicy inside. Served on a plate with a waffle and strawberries, you cannot go wrong. On another visit I decided to leave my favorite behind and go for their other signature dish, the fried catfish and grits. I don't even care for catfish or grits. This is all I get there now. Breakfast Klub made me like grits? That's a trip. Mixed with a little hot sauce, drooooool. The regular drip coffee is always wonderful. My last trip I very reluctantly tried one of their flavored coffees. I normally despise these at most places being as they usually come out tasting like artificial flavored hot water and sugar. These were not the case at all. The white mocha and the caramel macchiato were perfect and very similar to my favorite coffee shop. After writing this, I now have to beg the boy to go with me Saturday!Review #280 for The Breakfast Klub...yes, way too many positive reviews....should tell ya it's reaaaallly gooood!!!Been here twice. 1st time during the weekday: NO line!!! What a relief! Great food, great service, great ambience, great live entertainment: neo-soul music. When he took a break, swingin' jazz music played.2nd time was this past Sunday. omg! I had to wait in a line that circled the whole right side of the building! 25-minute wait in the sun, but good thing it was a cool day! No live entertainment on weekends, I guess.Had my usual grits, over-easy eggs, and sausage all smashed up together with globs of pepper! This was The Breakfast Special ($7.99). For early birds, it's $6.75 Mon-Fri 7a.m.- 9a.m. You could also get that with bacon or turkey, potatoes instead of grits, and a toast or biscuit.The hubby had wings and waffles ($9.99). This comes with a large Belgian waffle surrounded by 6 fried wing pieces. You could also substitute the waffles for French toast or pancakes.Love this place!!!  My next goal is to try their sister place: Reggae Hut. I already know I won't be disappointed.346 reviews and averaging a 4.5 stars.  I think that speaks for itself.  I had never been here before just because the line is always around the corner.  But do not let that discourage you.  The line moves quickly and the staff is always there to help. The owner is very involved and helps keep the atmosphere of the place up.  I went for the famous Wings and Waffles.  Man.......let me tell you.  These had to be some of the best wings I have ever had.  I went to work on them bad boys and finished that waffle off like it stole something from me.  They even had hot syrup.  I had a cappuccino and that was delicious as wellOn the Pierre's Price to Portion meter, it gets a 4 out of 5.  I was very much full and happy when I was done.  This is one of those places you have to visit if you are ever in downtown Houston.  Shoot you need to go there even if you're not in Houston.Chicken and Waffles is a pretty recent discovery for me. I probably first heard about this odd pairing 3 years ago and tried it for the first time earlier this year when I went to the famous Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles.As much as I love California, Texas has got them beat when it comes to chicken and waffles! Thanks to the Breakfast Klub in Houston, it's safe to say that we have the bragging rights, for the most part, when it comes to the fried chicken.The chicken is flavorful, moist, and crispy -- perfection. The chicken has a very subtle kick that adds a unique flavor. The batter is seasoned well and is a delight to eat. As for the waffles, it was as delicious.The waffles here are moist, sweet, and tasty; but, I'd have to give it to Roscoe for delivering a better waffle. I prefer the thinner waffles versus the thicker waffles at TBK. Regardless, the waffle is still delicious and is a great combination with the chicken wings.To be honest, I'd go to this place more often if the lines weren't so long. The line is seriously out the door and around the block, expect a 45 minute to 1 hour wait just go make an order.Even though I have such frustration towards business owners that do cutsie spellings of their names, I couldn't help but check this place out after all the glowing reviews.  I mean, you can't help but notice the long lines out the door on the weekends (yes, it has almost caused wrecks as people crane their necks to see what all the fuss is about).  The parking was awful as I imagined it would be, but since the food was going to be especially bad for me, the short hike probably did me some good.  I found parking just a few blocks away (though you should give yourself extra time if you're coming on a Sunday because of the church crowds) and joined my friends in line.  Within a few minutes we were in the building and able to read all the glowing reviews they have hanging on the walls.  I ordered my food (I had to go with the staple dish of chicken and waffles) and grabbed a table with my number.  The price was a bit high, but when the food came I knew there was no way I could finish my dish.  The chicken batter was wonderfully light and seasoned well.  The chicken itself was moist and juicy with just the right amount of greasiness.  There were plenty of pieces on my plate so you could pick and choose your favorite parts of the bird accordingly which I thought was a plus.  One of my dining companions just pointed out that because there are a bunch of pieces of chicken instead of one large one, there's actually more batter and not as much chicken.  You know what?  I'm okay with that.  Because batter is delicious.  And greasy.  And delicious.The waffle was good, but definitely not the star of the show.  Our resident vegetarian seemed to be enjoying her omelet with gusto and I snagged one of her potatoes. . .for market research.  Yep, they were as delicious as they looked!All in all, I'd come back again and especially with guests.  This is a landmark for Houston and it is easy to see why.  I think I'd just avoid Sundays.  Besides, if you go on a Saturday morning you can hit up the Farmer's Market at T'afia.Catfish and Pancakes!  Just do it.  One day, when you are feeling crazy and want to take me up on my offer for the greatest breakfast ever, go here and order catfish and pancakes.  I did it.  They looked at me funny, but the smile on my face on the way out was way bigger than everyone else's.  The food here is so good it's actually a landmark in Houston!  Don't be alarmed by the line going outside the door and around the corner because somehow in 10 minutes everyone in the line has been seated.For those of you who are on a diet, it's not the healthiest food out there, but it is definitely the yummiest (I'm surprised that word passed the spellcheck.)  It's either going to be fried, smothered, or covered in whatever your doctor told you to stay away from. But it's Soooo Gooooood!Bottom line: Without a question this place is one of the top breakfast places in Houston!I can't BELIEVE it took me so long to find out about this place! For those with short attention spans: IT'S GREAT. GO THERE ASAP.Now for more detail...My wife and I -- after reading the reviews here and at other places -- decided to visit on a weekday morning to avoid the weekend crowd for our first-time here. As we approached the door, a wonderfully friendly and outspoken lady heartily welcomed us to The Breakfast Klub, gave us menus, and told us the ropes:1. You order there.2. Your silverware and condiments are over there.3. That's your coffee, and it goes from stronger to weaker, left to right.4. Find you seat after you order, and they'll bring you your food.5. Enjoy yourself!That was it! When it was our turn to order, I asked the woman at the register what she'd recommend since it was our first time, and she told me to go ahead and get the "Wings and Waffles" since that's what they're best know for. Following her wisdom, my wife and I did just that -- me getting an Endless Cup of Coffee, and my wife getting a fountain drink.Finding a table wasn't hard as it wasn't incredibly busy, so we settled in -- then I went and grabbed our gear for eating. Having that "newbie" look on my face, the employees were quick to point me in the right direction and make sure I had what I needed.When I got back to the table just a minute or so after leaving, our food was being delivered. I heard they were fast, but THAT fast? Yes, they *are* that fast.So how was it? HEAVENLY. The wings -- which are really wings and drumsticks -- were perfectly seasoned, crisp, and cooked to perfection. The waffle was plate-sized, light, fluffy, and tasted wonderful. There was absolutely nothing wrong, nothing I could complain about, and nothing I could nitpick. That's a Good Thing.Without a doubt, we were blown away on our first visit -- and the same holds true for our subsequent visits. Every time we go to The Breakfast Klub, we have GREAT, consistent food (the Katfish and Grits is highly recommended, as well).Almost more important, though, is the atmosphere. One of the main reasons I love The Breakfast Klub so much are the people that work there. Every interaction I've had with the dozens of staff working has been great -- even when we go in "rush-hour/wait along the side of the building because it'll be a while" days. Everyone is welcoming and ready to help you out. Over the top customer service. You feel like you're visiting a good friend's Mom's (or Grandmom's) house, and you almost expect someone to give you a hug and pinch your cheek when you walk in.I cannot recommend The Breakfast Klub highly enough. Don't be afraid to go on a busy day, because the line you see wrapped around the side of the building moves really fast -- and it will be worth every second of the few minutes you'll be out there, I promise. Parking can be a hassle, but there's a lot right across the street (it's honor-system $1/$3 weekday/weekend).GO THERE. Go hungry, and go there ready to have a great time in a wonderfully welcoming atmosphere.Mmmm, waffle and wings.We finally made it out to The Breakfast Klub, and I must admit, I enjoyed every bite. I got the Waffle and Wings, and my husband got the Katfish and Grits. For both dishes, the batter was done just right. My husband had grabbed a bottle of hot sauce, but once he tasted the fish, he realized it didn't need any assistance in the taste department. The same was true for the wings, and as Cory O. said, they are perfectly seasoned and crisp on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside. For me, the waffle was all right, but the chicken was definitely the star of the show.Service was great. Our cashier let us know that we wouldn't have a problem seating four (two adults, two tots) which we had been worried about since the conversational buzz of the place made it seem crowded. Also, once we got our food, our server made sure we didn't need anything else. For a counter-style restaurant, that is such a helpful gesture, especially when you have kids in tow.I totally forgot to bring markers so my son could tag the bathroom walls. He would have gotten a huge kick out of that, but I guess I'll just have to save that for my next trip to the Klub. As for the four- instead of five-star rating: the popularity of this place makes it an impossibility for me with two small children; we'd never be able to tolerate the crowds on a weekend, and I can't make it during the week. Once my kids learn the virtue of patience, I'm sure it'll be a five-star rating from us.I always love to visit the Breakfast Klub when family and friends are in town. However, this visit was for no particular reason, just for us to have breakfast. I ordered the waffle, chicken wings and sweet tea. The food was great, but very pricey for breakfast! My total was $20 plus. The sweet tea bottle has gotten much smaller since my last visit. I just didn't think it is worth the price anymore. Especially, when we have found a nice little breakfast spot that is much cheaper and you don't have to wait outside in a line to eat. I gave a 4 star rating because I do love going to the Breakfast Klub, but only when we get visitors, which is 2 times per year.The breakfast club made my list of the top 5 places to eat at on my 3 day trip to Houston. I didn't get to do much when in Houston, I was down there for a family get together. But I had never been to Houston I had to try these places.The breakfast club's line was crazy long our first attempt so we came back a second time and found no line. From the beginning the service was awesome the staff made us feel at home and where really helpful.  We ordered our food and waited for a small amount of time before our food came.I had the chicken and waffles with a coffee. The pairing of both has always been delicious to me.  I have had this before at roscoes in LA where it is equally as good. My wife had the eggs Benedict, I tried a little bit and they where really good. She adds that they where really good as we'll. This place will stay in mind forever as what I think of Houston. I remember leaving and hearing on the radio the rich homie quants song, I believe it's called some type of way. The song was on crazy rotation on the radio. So it caught hold of me when back in Cali I wanted to listen to it again. I decided to look for it on you tube and found there was a video. And guess what place on the video?You can't come to Houston or live in Houston without coming to this well known establishment. You're always greeted by a long line of people who probably just came from church. I honestly feel like my outfit needs to be on point when I come here. I mistakenly showed up one day hung over in PJs and cowboy boots. I was definitely doing a walk of shame. But The Breakfast Klub doesn't judge! The lady who greets you at the door is the sweetest most energetic person I've ever met! She is consistently happy to be there and happy that you're there too! The line moves pretty quickly so don't be intimidated! Grab a cup of tea or coffee and make small talk with the others waiting in line with you.My reviews are rarely about the food but The Breakfast Klub is famous for their chicken and waffles. They're pretty good but they're no Roscoe's. So if you can't make it out to California then The Breakfast Klub is a good option. Also, please be sure that if you get catfish and grits that you eat your grits the right way. The truly proper Southern way is with butter and sugar! Do it right! The atmosphere of this place is great. It's buzzing with energy and activity. There are families gathering, friends coming together, and smiles and laughter all around. They also have some amazing art work on the walls of celebrated Black figures from all over the world and across time.Wings and Waffles!!! Katfish and Grits!!! Count me in!I've always been such a lover of a good waffle, and the waffle here definitely did not disappoint.   After a  very disappointing experience with chicken and waffles in Gladys Knight's Chicken and Waffles, I was impressed with Breakfast Klub.  The loved the flavor of the waffle.  It didn't taste like any generic waffle you order at an IHOP, and that's exactly what I was looking for.  The wings were also very tasty.  No complaints there.  My friend ordered the Katfish and that too was very satisfying and filling.  We shared our plates and could not finish our plates.  At least we can say we got our money's worth!  We left leaving our bellies full for hours!P.S.  We also didn't have to wait very long.  The line was rather short when we came around 9 AM on a Thursday morning.  The waiters also made sure we were okay and checked on us constantly.The GRITS! The GRITS! If nothing else, come for the GRITS!I'm not even gonna touch the discussion on the Wings + Waffles , or the Katfish, because we already know how FANTASTIC those are. For me, the grits won me over. They were the first kind that had this perfect consistency...not too watery/mushy, yet not hard. Just perfect little melt-in your-mouth goodness! A little butter here, some salt/pepper there, and it almost blew away my main entree.And yes, I've eaten are Roscoe's as well, but the grits in this joint won me over. Minus one star comes from the line that wraps around the restaurant, and the slightly high price for breakfast ($18 for the Katfish platter and a hot chocolate).Do not make the mistake of not ordering the sausage gravy.This is another food item of which I dream and then wake up salivating. It's so thick and hearty. I want to turn the bowl of gravy upside down to see if it stays in the bowl, but I never would for fear of spilling deliciousness all over the table. Who am I kidding? I'd still eat that stuff off the table if allowed. No matter what entree I order at this place, I order a side of sausage gravy. This stuff ain't cheap, but it makes every dish taste even better. Honestly, I just use the other items on the menu as a vehicle for the gravy because I get strange looks from those around me when I eat the stuff with a spoon. If I get the wings and waffle, I take the fried chicken pieces off and pour the gravy on the waffle. Eat the chicken with the slightly sweet tinge to it while you're waiting for waffle to soak up the gravy a bit. Dump the gravy on the large piece of fried catfish if you order the fish and grits. The grits are actually great without the gravy, but that's because of the amount of butter on it. It's a good thing. The omelettes are large and hearty. The roasted potatoes are tasty. Pork Chops are also large and tasty. The green eggs and ham aren't bad. You'll see the line out the door for good reason. It moves quickly, and food arrives to your table shortly after you place your order. Oh yea, and all of the portions are huge.For the love of God, don't forget the gravy.I yelped a few specific food places before my trip to Houston; breakfast being one of them.  The Breakfast Klub came up with extremely close proximity, high rating, and great reviews.  Oh I just had to stop on in!My cousin and I stopped here on a Monday afternoon and were greeted while we were walking up to the building.  Plus one star already.  We walked in and it's PACKED.  It was a short line and the staff had it move quickly so it was all good.  I already knew what I wanted:  Chicken wings and waffles, yuuup!They have a self serve bar of butter and syrup.  GOOD because I'll drown a waffle in some syrup so I don't need limits.We managed to grab a table near the back of the restaurant and put our numbers down and not a minute later, my food was out.  "Damn, like magic."  The waffles were dusted in powdered sugar and the chicken wings were hot and crunchy.  Dabbed some hot sauce on them bad boys and I was good to go.I love The Breakfast Klub.  Besides the speedy service and good food, the staff is amazingly friendly and welcoming, the decor has a comfy vibe to it, and the atmosphere with all the customers inside just made me feel this would be a place I frequented if I was a local.I started coming here about a year ago and I every time I come back, the food is ALWAYS good.  I've brought friends here who've never had it, purposely get up in the early mornings on my days off and drive out of my way through traffic to come, and get people to skip work to come eat with meThe portion sizes are HUGE and it takes a big amount to fill me up but after the Catfish and Grits, I'm stuffed like a turkey.  Honestly, about the only complaint I have is the long lines but usually within 30-45 minutes its gone.  The food comes out fast and hot and it really does not get any better than that.  Hot syrup for waffles/french toast/anythingThanks Breakfast Klub!I hope this is the breakfast they serve in Heaven or else I don't want to go.They serve perfect thick, crunchy, sweet, salty bacon that Jesus would eat. And Jesus was Jewish. The grits are creamy, buttery, DELICIOUS! Eat them 1st & fast. After waiting too long, they will congeal. The waffles. Oh.My.God the waffles. I'm a pancakes girl but I'll convert for the waffles here with strawberries on top & the hot syrup they offer.Downside--unless you get their breakfast special, it can be expensive. I spent $20 on breakfast! But it was the best $20 I've ever spent. I haven't experienced the wait out of the door bc I've always gone early (8AM) but even @ 8AM, it still steadily busy.The only negative thing I can say is the line sucks. It is so worth the wait.? Every staff member was so polite. I ordered the katfish and grits. Damn it was so tasty!! The portions are so well worth it. I got full before my plate was clear. My leftovers topped of my boyfriend with the voracious appetite. I was even a little sad to not be able to overeat such enjoyable food.Great food and friendly service. Get there early to avoid line!Make sure you get the grits and add cheese!this place is amazing! The staff is overly friendly and the food trumps the staff's great attitude (10 fold). The Catfish is un-freaking-real and the Wings n Waffles are legendary (literally legendary). Huge java mugs and decent sized portions make this a hands down "Winner-Winner-Chicken-Dinner" (pun intended, hehe) The owner supposedly started off sleeping in the kitchen because he put all his money into it and I'm all for any Rags to Riches story that let's us know ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE! The lines are long but move very fast so don't let that deter you.If your looking to show off Houston's finest to an out-of-towner don't hesitate to run to this spot.Best grits I've had since leaving Memphis. Great catfish - good scald on the fish.Incredibly long lines, but hey...there's GOT to be a reason for that. Good biscuits. I suppose the reason I can't give 5 is because I was sort of waiting for something on the plate to POP with a different intensity of flavor or texture and everything was rather melded together in terms of overall flavor. Maybe a great chow-chow or hot pepper relish would set things off?Just a thought.Finally got the chance to come to the famous Breakfast Klub. Not disappointed!FOOD: I've only ordered the famous fried chicken and waffles, and yummy and filling it was! When the dish came out, I was like, that's it? But nooo, I could barely finish it. The fried chicken was superb too. Not the typical oily stuff you get from KFC or Popeyes. It's oily, but something about it is different. SERVICE:Started getting greeted while waiting in line. Took me by surprise, but I was really impressed. The waitresses also always came to our table often to see if we needed anything else.HOW IT WORKS:You stand in line and order at the front before you sit down. Once you order, you'll get a number. Then you pick any table, put your number there, and food will be served to you literally two minutes after you sit down. So fast!PARKING: They have very few spots in front of the restaurant, but there's a large parking lot across the street. You can also find street parking.**Tip: We came at 11am on a Wednesday, and waited probably around 15 minutes (which I heard is not bad considering people waited 1-2 hours before). Around noon, we realized there was no line anymore! So I'd recommend you to come around noon if possible since this is a brunch place more than a lunch place. Not sure about weekends though.Every time I attempt to come here I'm scared off by the massive line that wraps around the restaurant. This time we bravely stuck it out. Not gonna lie, the free surprisingly very good coffee for those waiting in line was a huge plus (they give sweet tea/lemonade in the summer!). We went on a Sat morning around 1230 and ended up waiting in line for about 40 minutes. I was trying hard to find reasons to say it wasn't worth the wait...but there's not really. Especially when you're waiting with people you love, who cares how long? Anyway, their most popular dishes: chicken n waffles, catfish n grits. Couldn't decide, so tried them both ;) For those of you who are avid fans of Roscoe's chicken n' waffles in California, sorry but Breakfast Klub definitely wins. In everything - presentation, menu, taste, quality. Fried chicken was tasty, and not just the skin but the meat was well seasoned as well. Waffles were still hot and crispy, just the way I like 'em. The catfish n' grits were a hit. Very well-seasoned fried catfish beautifully cooked, not overdone. Haven't tried the whole menu (yet), but the other items sound and look delicious as well. Staff is super friendly and down-homey. Very comfortable setting inside, kinda like Grandma's house on Sundays. Except in the middle of downtown Houston. On that note, parking lot is tiny, but there is additional parking on the nearby streets - not too hard to find spots. Oh, and to end it all with a bang: self-serve HOT MAPLE SYRUP what uppp.I suffered for you dear Breakfast Klub, all because of the ridiculously awesome reviews and promises of scrumptious chicken and waffles. I waited in a line that wrapped around your lot and down the street with someone very capable of making conversations awkward in 0.5 seconds for an hour just to experience your chicken waffle.It was totally worth it.So I guess to properly explain how amazing The Breakfast Klub food is, I must describe a friend of mine to you. He eats very properly with a fork and knife... even if the occasion doesn't require it. He takes his food in very small bites and chews everything thoroughly before swallowing. I had the chicken and waffles. He had the country sausage plate complete with a heap of eggs, potatoes and two buttermilk pancakes on the side. For the first time ever, I witnessed my friend go into beast mode on his food. I told him my fried chicken was the best that I ever had in my entire life. I handed him one of my wings. He tore into that thing like a ferocious animal, smiled and said, "OK! Ordering chicken to go!" He was in fact, so ferocious, that the business owner stared at him in awe. After my friend ordered his wings to go, he sat down at the table again and proceeded to rip through half of his to go order (yes, he finished two plates of food already).I will definitely go back for the chicken and waffles, and when I do, I will bring my prim and proper friend with me, just so I can experience this feat again.Love this place. Not a fan of the line sometimes. However, the food is good, always arrives to my table hot, and as ordered. Yes, sometimes its a bit of a hassle to get your own condiments, drinks, and syrup but its worth it. Food is slightly above what I would say is reasonably priced though.If I were Foreigner, I wouldn't look for some random woman to show me what love is.  I'd look to Wings and Waffles at the Breakfast Klub.The waffle?  Perfectly executed, but it's a waffle, so let's not get all crazy or nothing.  The wings, though?  I'm not exaggerating at all when I say that the first time I bit into one I smiled.  It's that good.  It's the kind of food that makes you want to cry a little bit out of joy.  It's impossible to describe.  It's amazing.  It's perfekt.Basically, what I'm saying is if in your life you've felt heartache and pain, and you don't know if you can face it again, you don't have to travel far--just to one of the greatest eateries in Houston.Went here for the first time early on a Thursday morning and did not have to wait on a long line. Tried the chicken wings and waffles and it was a great dish. Waffle was tasty and the wings were very crispy. Staff was EXTREMELY friendly - great customer service!Worth the wait and then some! (30 mins from the back of the line)I've been wanting to check this place out for awhile, so I already knew that there must be a wait with all the hype. I've been to Roscoe's plenty of time in LA...but man this is much better in my opinion.#1 reason- food is piping hot and fresh.#2  reason- even til the end of the meal, wings were still crunchy and juicy like the very first one I took a bite out of.#3 reason- I like self service and it's much more enjoyable to eat in a casual setting.#4 reason- Working Staff is super friendly and carries the "family" vibe in them#5 reason- Portions are huge & I love that because I eat like a pig.Yumm-o! I have noticed that my Dad and Uncle have been going here for years and of course naturally jealously sets in because I have only heard fantastic things. I have heard stories about the long line outside. Um just to let y'all know if there is a line you know that means they are doing something right. My friends and I went on a week day and there was still a line. So lets talk about the super delicious pancakes, waffles, and oh my goodness the catfish and chicken wings. First the pancakes are light and fluffy and huge to boot. I really love the warm syrup they offer. You are almost transported back to grandma's house where everything is made with love and charm. Its so so good and inviting, I really didn't get the feeling I was at a restaurant. The staff was super friendly just like you would expect. Leaving this place made me fell warm and fuzzy inside. Any place that has the ability to do that is a WIN! I can't think of a better way to describe it. Hey Breakfast Klub, can I be your spokesperson in exchange for those lovely dishes you serve?!?! Just a thought.You know, I actually wanted it to rain the day i went to the Breakfast Klub because on sunday mornings, the line would be winding, wayy out the door.  But since it was raining, the line was STILL out the door, but luckily I could stand under the extension without getting wet.  Yup, it was damnnn worth it!This place is deserving of all the hype.  I mean, any place that can make chicken and waffles like THAT.... the chicken was cooked PERFECTLY. cripsy, flavorful (could have been a bit spicier, more cajuny, in my opinion) but still so amazing and paired with a waffle, strawberry, and maple syyzurp, be ready for a mouthgasm.My companions that day also ordered catfish & grits and the green omelet.  I loved the catfish, the grits were a little bland and not dressed up.  The green omelet was very hearty and had all the right flavors, but I wouldn't order it again.  You just can't go wrong with the fried chicken and waffles........ you just can't !!!!The decor was very soulful and eccentric.  Loved the original artwork on sale.  It brought out the fourth ward, Houston texas vibe.  The staff -- very friendly, the owner is usually walking around so it was nice to meet him.Also, try the fresh squeezed juices.  The prices were a taddd much for everything except the chicken waffles.  I don't think the omelet should have been over $10 bucks.  However, the portion sizes are very generous and you probably will end up getting a to go box.You will now find me here more often on sunday mawnings.I love fried chicken and this is gotta be a top 3 fried chicken spot.  It's possibly #1.  Everyone is super friendly.  The only draw back is there is always a massive line, but clearly that shows this place is good.Since this was pretty much the highest and most-rated place by my fellow yelpers, I had to try the Breakfast Klub out.The Breakfast Klub workers seem like a big and happy family and their service and courtesy reflects that.Honey was the drink of the gods.   Fried Chicken could possibly be man's greatest invention.  So why not put them together?  Add waffles and we have a scrump-diddly-umptious meal.My only beef (reverse pun?) with this place?  That it isn't open past lunchtime.  WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER PLEASE.  sheesh.Yes, it is worth the wait.  And I will wait another 2 hours again to get my next fill of chicken and waffles.Just be sure that you aren't starving when you start waiting in line....because it can be a looooong wait.  And check the weather.  My friends and I almost froze our butts of waiting outside in the cold.But once you're in, you are home sweet home.  I have had Roscoe's.  So when we decided to try the Breakfast Klub, I was not too keen on waiting that long for some chicken and waffles.  Once you get in, you order at the register, you grab a table, sit down and bam.  Your chicken and waffles are out.  Quick right?  Oh, and it's steaming hot.  Take a bite of the chicken and you are in heaven.  Juicy on the inside with crunchy perfectly seasoned breading on the outside.  *salivating*  The waffles are good too, but the chicken....oh the chicken.....If the line scares you, don't let it.  Because once you're in and finally take a bite of that chicken, you will say "Line?  What line?".There is a reason that the line is around the building and there are so many positive reviews.The staff is so friendly, and one woman even greeted us in a fancy British accent after hearing my mum speak. (hilarious)I wasn't sure what to get, but I figured... when in Rome... so I went with the Wings and Waffles.  Now I am not much of a fried chicken fan usually, but theirs is out of control good.  The breading is wonderfully crunchy and flavorful... and the chicken is beautifully tender and juicy.  I even had assumed that the waffle would be forgettable compared to the chicken, but it really held its own, and with the warm syrup it was a perfect combo.The only thing I wish they would do is double the size of the place so I wouldn't have to wait in line next time I try to go.Host lady's so nice. Love the atmosphere! I don't understand the chicken and waffle thing that everybody's into but I do understand the chicken, it's the Bomb!!! The bomb!!!Experience did not equal expectation, unfortunately.I got the non-famous pancakes and sausage.  Normally, I eat pancakes plain (no syrup, sugar).  Not possible to eat plain, they were dry and without even a hint of sweetness.  The pan sausage was good.  My boyfriend got the waffles.  His only comment was "Wow, this wasn't what I'd expect for a $30 breakfast."Me neither.I have attempted to eat here multiple times and encountered a line around the block. While being off on a Monday at 9am i thought to try to see how long the line was. I got lucky there was only 5 people in line. So first your greeted by a lady with menu's who explains how things work. You order at the counter your drink and food. Then you get your own condiments and silverware and find a table. They give you a number and bring you your food. I got the waffle and eggs with sausage which was $14!!!! Then i got the cafe moka which was another $4! So $18 just for me. My mom got pork chops and eggs with coffee which was $16. The food was O-K! Nothing spectacular and definitely not worth a line around the block wait. If I hadn't went on a slow time I would be disappointed. I usually go to Harry's on Tuam which has greek flair and less of a wait and I prefer over Breakfast King any day. Nonetheless I probably wont be back.Almost every time I pass by this place, there's a line trailing around the corner of the restaurant. It was always intimidating to me, but one day I actually tried to suck it up and wait. Turns out, the wait really wasn't as long as I thought it would be. It was very tolerable with the sweet hostess greeting everyone in line and giving us menus so we can get an idea of what we want by the time we get through the door. There's people constantly going in and out of the restaurant with the fast cashiers/cooks and self service going on, you really don't have to wait long.I know everyone has raved about their wings n waffles, and I wholeheartedly agree. Breakfast Klub's wings n waffles are seriously to die for. Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever. The waffle has just the right amount of crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside, and its sweetness complements the chicken very well. Add some syrup and hot sauce and you're good to go! Their Klub Benedict is pretty good too. It's got ham, turkey, and bacon to go with the poached egg. So much meat! Wish this place would stay open past 2pm though :[Overall, fast, great service, and even better food. You're gonna find yourself coming back to this place quite a bit.This is the perfect remedy to fix any trip. Not that Houston treated me ill, quite the contrary. the Breakfast Klub however has some sort of redeeming magic potion. i'm a pretty huge proponent of the southern style breakfast, and they know what they are doing here. couple that with this pretty smooth dude playing guitar and singing on their stage, well it makes for almost the perfect breakfast.some logistics:-prices are reasonable-you order in line-self serve for your drink, silverware, etcBreakfast Klub. You are delicious. You are also very expensive for a breakfast joint. Really my only complaint, and most of the reason I don't frequent this place more often (that and my waist line...).Couple of things to note: C(K)atfish is super good. Everyone should go at least once because it is a Houston institution. But just know, the prices are a tad high for breakfast, even if it is that good.So bad for you with all that butter...but holy hell it worth it ;)The breakfast was good, and unique (especially for a Canadian - we don't need catfish or grits back home). But it was a bit too expensive for me, the line up was a too long to get in, and the food probably is less healthy than your average breakfast. I think It would be a good place to bring somebody from out of town.It's a cool place, it's a unique place, the food is good... but I probably won't be going back there any time soon.Came here for the chicken and waffles.. great chicken! Waffles would be better if they were crispier but overall, still a satisfactory meal. The line is long if you go on a weekend..so do as I did and go early on a weekday.I read on the newsletter against the wall of Breakfast Klub that this place was opened by a man who decided one day to give up his teaching career and open a restaurant just to help bring awareness to this part of the town.  Sweet stuff.My first time there, we were greeted by this awesome spunky older lady who is so helpful in explaining what to expect when we get inside.  It's good information to know, esp. when you don't want to look like a newbie and is clueless of your surroundings.  The menu consists of Chicken & Waffles, Green Eggs & Ham.. say WHAAA!??  If I'd own a record player, I'd scratch the record just to give my "Say Whaaa" some sound effects.  It's playing well in my head, but not sure if it even make sense to you guys.  Whatevs!We ordered several things like Chicken & Waffles.. I'm sure you're thinking "Anyone can just put chicken together with waffles!"... No dear, it doesn't work that way.  This place seasoned & fried it in a way where yo mama can't even replicate the recipe.  It's addicting and I'm serious.  The crunchiness of the skin.. OMG.  The Klub's Benedict.. dude... THEEE BEST!  Just imagine, fresh yolk just oozing out from the poached eggs and dripping out onto hollandaise sauce on top of biscuit and some other goodies.  Mmmm mmmMM!Must try their White Raspberry Mocha and I think if you add like $.10 or $.05??? more you can make it a grande!  Crazy, I know.They close at 2p, so make your way out there!  ANNND.. go early, because there's always a long line that curves around the block!The line stretches around the building.  On Sunday morning, it's full of folks in their Sunday best (many black... so if you have a problem with this, avoid this restaurant; I'm surprised that bigotry still exists, but, well, it does).  In the cold of winter, there's a line.  In the Texas sun and humidity of Houston, there's a line.  There's a line that typically takes nearly an hour to navigate.  My average wait has been 45 minutes.  We are not all idiots (sure, some must be).  The food and experience is worth the wait.Go with a group of friends.  The atmosphere of the line and the hostess that brings coffee to waiting customers is friendly.  We banter and the time passes quickly.  You're given a menu while in line (I always get the catfish and grits; I recommend that you try one of their signature items for your first visit).  You ultimately make it inside and up to a counter where you order.  They're friendly and efficient.  The counter experience is a little fast-paced.  This doesn't bother me at all.You've ordered your food.  Nearly everything is self-service.  The layout is imperfect (people tend to "clog").  There are worse things in life.  By the time you get to your table (how they become available is a mystery; it's a self-seating place), your food is soon behind you.  My wait is typically five minutes.I'm allergic to dairy products.  They've not yet had a problem accommodating me (a rarity in Houston -- this ain't Austin).  The coffee is surprisingly good!  I was floored by the quality of the coffee.  I've only had drip coffee as they do not carry soy milk.  This is a bit of a soul food joint... and although they're "upscale" for a soul food joint (but casual by any other standard), they don't cater to the gluten/dairy-free yuppie population.  Although personally allergic to dairy, I LIKE that they don't cater to the gluten/dairy-free yuppie population.  They're nice... and they "keep it real."This is one of my favorite restaurants.  Do not come here for a "light breakfast."  This isn't your place.  Come here when you want to get DOWN on some grits!  I'd give it six stars if I could.  The customer service is as good as the food.  Your health is your own problem.  You don't HAVE to eat the huge portions of fried goodness that they serve.  You will feel compelled to do so... but that's all you.We got up late after a party the night before at Zaza, and the Monarch doesn't serve breakfast after 10:00am. We need to check out by noon and I haven't had my Koffee yet, so I'm cranky!!!Where can I get breakfast that's close to the Museum District after 12:30pm? The bell boy didn't know. I guess he must be new...But, Yelp knows, so off we go...Good breakfast, good Koffee, good service (don't worry about the long line, it move fast).Got 178 reviews at 4  1/2 stars.Need I say more?Don't come here with hopes of adhering to your diet. With that said, this place deserves all the hype it gets.I followed a staff member's suggestion and ordered the Wings & French Toast, instead of the waffles. Once you make it through the long lines, which, like everyone says, moves along quite quickly, your food comes out in less than 5 minutes upon ordering.  A cheerful, chatty staff member brought out toast that must've been almost an inch thick, loaded with buttery deliciousness. But it was the wings that really took the cake. Now, I'm a huge fan of soul food and unhealthy eating, and I consider myself quite the fried chicken connoisseur. But this place takes it to another level. Perfectly crispy and savory with surprisingly little grease, these are probably the best wings I've ever had. Aside from that, The Breakfast Klub has a wonderful, vibrant ambience about it. The staff is lively and enthusiastic about the food. You can tell they're used to crowds because despite the seemingly endless lines, they never seem to miss a beat. Owner Marcus Davis was in the morning I paid a visit, and was running around, serving and chatting up hungry diners. It really gives off the feel that this is Mr. Davis' home, and we're the lucky guests he's serving up breakfast to this morning. To top it off, Michael Jackson was playing throughout my entire visit there. Whats not to love about MJ on a Saturday morning served up with wings and toast?!Good home cooked breakfast. The reviews and pictures drew me in. The parking was confusion at first, not sure where the building was across the street. Walking in it was busy with barely opening not 30 minutes before, line went fast, food came out faster! Ordered the krustiant, wished the egg was over easy instead of the liquid egg kind. But still was tasty with ham, cheese, tomato (which I took off) eggs Benedict was good too. The potatoes were cooked perfectly, however a little too much pepper, I just put lots of ketchup and Tabasco to help. All over nice staff, quick service really good food, a little pricy, coffee would have been more expensive than Starbucks if I ordered one. We went here since the crowne hotel was $15 pp but it ended up paying the same amount here that we would have at the breakfast buffet. However I'm still full after eating the good portion 4 hours later, I overrate. I would go again and try something else.This place is for REAL REAL! I was in Houston on a Monday to take care some personal business and decided to have breakfast here before I go. Got here around 8:15AM, there was a small line, not too bad. I ordered Chicken and Waffle. Waffle is ok. The chicken is awesome! crispy and flavorful and with a tad of hot sauce = Breakfast of Champion. I drove by around 10AM and the line is already out of the door, on a MONDAY! Crazy.Count me in with the chorus singing love for this place!I had the wings and waffles...$10 for an extremely hearty bfast is totally reasonable.  Oh man...juicy chicken, crunchy crust...these are the kind of wings where you want to eat every last crumb of the batter that breaks off!  It's impossible not to love this fried chicken.  Paired with the tabasco, syrup and waffles...sooo incredibly delicious.  But then, this isn't news...I think most people who eat here can agree.  I had a few bites of the fried pork chop/eggs/potatoes plate.  I thought the potatoes were excellent, and even though I avoid pork, I had a bite and thought it was very tasty.  The breading on the chicken is better, though.  The biscuits are great!  I liked all the coffees that I tried, too.The service is some of the friendliest I've ever encountered.  From the person who greets at the door and explains how to place your order, where to get the condiments, etc...to the cashier...to the guys bussing the tables...everyone is very warm and incredibly nice.  It's almost hard to put into words.  You just have to experience it for yourself.This is one of those places that you would be proud to take out of town guests.  They have the food and service down pat, as you can tell from the consistently positive reviews.  Seriously, go!Save your time waiting in line with the others, this place is just a BIG HYPE! Waited for over 30mins, tried they specialty - wings with pancake! Even though the wings were tender & juicy, they are tasteless, not the kind of crispy, southern fried chicken that i am expecting (like Frenchy's & Popeye's). As for the pancake, you better off going to Denny's.No atmosphere & the service was so-so!If you have an out of town visitor, especially one that isn't from the South, The Breakfast Klub is one of those tourist pit stops you HAVE to make. This place features deeply soulful food but without the heavy grease that one might associate with down home cooking. For a first timer, get the legendary chicken and waffles which showcases six fat chicken wings/ drummettes and a lightly golden waffle.  I always have a hard time finishing off these seasoned nuggets but it is well worth the effort!  The crust is the right balance of firm frying and crunchy crispiness.  The chicken that lies within is an even greater treat: succulent and perfectly seasoned!  No matter what you choose here- you really can't go wrong.  But make sure you clear your schedule for the rest of the day because you WILL be hit by the 'itis.  (If you don't know what that is, down a full meal here and come back to me with the definition).Besides the food, the service is fantastic.  As you wait in the long line that twists around the building (don't worry, it moves fast), you will find BKlub greeters passing along menus and offering friendly advice.  The cashiers are always charming and wildly efficient.  Not to the mention, the owner, Marcus, is quite the socialite!  You can find him working the tables with a genuine interest in the customers' lives and the quality of their meal.  In fact, one fateful time, a friend and I were offered tickets in his box suite for the Rockets game.  Talk about Southern Hospitality! Also, be on the watch-out for the daily specials- my particular favorite is Thursday: Chicken Friend Chicken with fluffy mashed potatoes and green beans (to make you feel better about the calories you are scarfing for sure).Overall, this place is great!  The restaurant has been featured in numerous publications and media sources.  And it is well worth the long lines and hype.HOLY CHOLESTEROL!!!! This place is awesome! I lived in Louisiana for 5 years but this is the best soul food I've ever had. Hands down. My friend and I went on Sunday around 11 and only had to wait about 10 minutes to get inside. Don't be scared of the line, it moves quickly! I COULD NOT decide what to get (everything sounded amazing) but eventually settled on the chicken and waffles. My friend got the catfish and grits. The food was out within 5 minutes and everything was cooked to perfection! Best wings I've ever had. I am (somewhat) embarrassed to say I polished off my entire plate like a champ! It was so delicious. I will definitely be back. Now, it's time to go wear out my treadmill.Great service and food that will comfort your soul and contribute to that next heart attack! Pro: Service is fast and very friendly. Food is savory and in generous portions.Cons: There will always be lines, but it will always move at a steady pace. Parking is severely limited and be prepared to bring some cash to pay for a spot.What are you waiting for?!?  Literally!  Don't be late and get there early as the line always wraps out the door. And get your entire party to show up at once, otherwise you'll get some evil eyes when cutting in line.Chicken n' grits.  Yum.  Catfish n' grits. Yum.  Grits are awesome.Go to the gym afterwards to work off all those calories!I've been reading about this place for some time and I finally got around to trying it. I mean chicken and waffles? Who can resist! However I suggest going when you're not extremely hunger as the line can be daunting and time consuming, but it is well worth it! I definitely wouldn't come on a hot day either...definitely don't want to be all sweaty waiting outside in line. The boyfriend and I ordered the chicken & waffle and catfish & grits plates. The catfish and grits were good but not mind blowing. However when it came to the chicken and waffle can I get an OMG in exclamations! The chicken wings were absolutely delicious! Some of the best I've ever had and I'm craving them right now! Crispy with good spice on the outside and super juicy on the inside! Just yum! The place is counter service, that's why there's usually a line. They tend to take a while at the counter I'm sure to make sure when you order you can find a table. Once you order though, it's easy to find a table. Other than that enjoy some delicious chicken!One word, "wow"!  Since coming to Houston, all I have heard is "you gotta go to the Breakfast Klub"...but, I always ignored the missives because they also told me to eat a Kolache, go to the Beer House and try Pappasito's....all were just ok.  Thus, when I was told the Breakfast Club has an hour wait and doesn't accept reservations, my response was oh no...I do not like breakfast well enough to be inconvenienced to that extent!  Boy, oh boy, was I wrong!! My brudda was in town and the one thing I've learned is that you never tell Mike "no",,,so I got up a the crack of dawn...arrived at the BK at like 9 a.m. ...waited about 30 minutes...then entered food nirvana. In honor of my sacrifice, I ordered the hash browns, the eggs and pork chops and grits...with a biscuit on the side.  Lest you think I am a pig, I shared the meal with my sister!  LOL So, the food...oh, man, the food...the chops were fried to perfection, my over easy egg perfect and the hash browns were scrumptious...as well as the grits...and the biscuits...and the...yea, it was that kind of meal!  Home cooking...yummy ....warm atmosphere...a terrific place to enjoy breakfast...my new favorite meal!This place was a friend's recommendation, and every time we eat here I am amazed that we waited so long to get back here!It's in Midtown, but is perfectly situated so that if you pass it up, you'll end up lost unless you know Houston, so look out for the yellow stripe with the cup of coffee on the sign (or you'll be like me going "um guys? i'm on spur 527 again--meet you in 5 mins as soon as i bust a u-turn...again").There is not much parking but somehow I've gotten lucky and gotten a spot right in front every time.  I think it's timing.  I know my friends have parked at the Continental Club with no problems.Get in line, grab a menu and order at the cash register before you sit down.  Everyone is really friendly if you don't know what to get (and if you don't know, get the waffles with wings).  In like 10 minutes, your food is ready and delicious.I love the cozy atmosphere and the amazing food.  I got a turkey croissant sandwich deliciousness last time and absolutely loved it.  This is one place where I am totally guilty of coveting my neighbors food--I'm constantly going "omg look at that plate!  omg that smells awesome too!"  I'm never going to run out of stuff to order just based on what I've learned about from my nosi-ness.The hot chocolate is fantastic and so is the lemonade, and though it may be a far drive and you might have to get up early since they close by 2, it is totally worth it (and this from a girl who never goes to work before 10).I love the Breakfast Klub...great food & ambiance for under $10.I love everything about the Breakfast Klub . . . I love its Kitschy decor and the cholesterol infused entrees . . . I am not just talking about their wings and waffles, but also their breakfast sandwiches. Also, their coffee is surprisingly good.I don't know that I can come to this place more than a few times a year because of the guilt associated with their food, but it's totally worth it. The line out the door and across the street doesn't lie . . . this place is good. Don't be intimidated by the wait time- the wait is really not as bad as it looks.Perfect place for a brunch before our departure back home.  Wanted a southern brunch so had the catfish and grits, which come with 2 eggs how you like them, toast or a biscuit, and a drink.  I guess there aren't many places down in Houston that don't know how to make catfish.  Like all the other places I have visited, the catfish was generous, crispy, not greasy, and well seasoned.  Service was extremely courteous and quick.  Slightly expensive, but definitely worth it.  Parking is a bit scarce, so drive around the block for street parking where one quarter equals an hour of time.This is a very unique concept and seems very popular within the Houston community. I really enjoyed going here for brunch during the weekend for the first time.The lines for us was out the door and took about 10-15 minutes to get through the line to order. They have a wide variety of items to choose from an you can mix and match to your liking. The process to order the food was quick and receiving the food was quicker. It took about 5 minutes before our food came out.I enjoyed my food freshly made (sausage was from scratch), but I had a problem with the sausage being medium well and a little pink. I had to send it back to have them remade and it still came out medium well with pink inside. Its so rare that I ever send food back, but this time I had to do it because I love sausage!  The service was great, I didn't feel as guilty sending my food because because someone came over and made it funny due to the same experience they had. Very family orientated and I recommend anyone to go!Overall I would give this a A- (for the sausage) otherwise I'll love to go back.This place is...unbelievable. My friends and I got here at 9:30 in the morning on a Saturday and there was already a neighborhood of people waiting in line. The wait wasn't bad at all, with iced water provided to beat the heat and a waitress consistently coming out to check on the customers (often times tempting us with a selection of dishes in hand). Being our first experience here, the three of us decided to go with a wings with waffle/pancakes/french toast trade-off. BIG mistake. I mean, the pancakes were fluffy, the french toast great, but the waffle completely BLEW our minds away. Crunchy on the outside and soft and rich on the inside, sharing one was absolutely dissatisfying.The chicken wings were so juicy and smooth, so much better than anything else I've had so far. And the unique seasoning is incomparable to the ordinary tastes of generic wings providers. Coming from the LA area, The Breakfast Klub has definitely set the bar high for my first stop at Roscoe's.This place should have a theme song like roscoes chicken and wafles.youtube.com/watch?v=5qaw…The wait out the line was ridiculous but when you get inside it is pretty easy to find a seat. You put your order and pay at the register then they give you a number so that the server can bring your food to you.The food was good, kinda oily but I did choose to have my pork chops fried instead of grilled. The breakfast sausage links were just ok and the biscuit with gravy was good with lots of chunky sausage.The lemonade was grade, freshly squeezed.In my life, there have been three perfect breakfasts that I can remember.  Yes, if you can believe it, I do recall each and every one of them.  Yesterday morning, after a 2 year hiatus since my last perfect breakfast, at long last I experienced my fourth perfect breakfast.  I spent 20 minutes in line and then 45 minutes of lip-smacking bliss at The Breakfast Klub in Houston.  The place isn't fancy.  Like other chicken and waffles establishments like the venerable Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Los Angeles, it serves up amazing soul food.  Hometown girl Beyonce brings her man Jay-Z here everytime they're back in town.  If it's good enough for Beyonce, it's good enough for me.This breakfast may have very well saved an otherwise most frustrating road trip to Houston on Saturday.  With my dining companion, we indulged in their signature fried chicken wings and waffles and fried catfish and grits.  To wash it down, we had a glass of cold milk, overly sweet homemade lemonade (not recommended), amazing hot coffee, and one of the best hot cocoa these lips have tasted.  The chicken wing was hot and fried to perfection.  The batter was perfectly seasoned - not too thick and not too salty.  The crisp batter contrasted lusciously with the bready waffle soaked in sweet maple sauce topped with just a hint of powdered sugar.The catfish fillet was so big I thought it was a fried pork rib.  Tender to the fork, upon breaking through the batter, I was rewarded with the pleasing aroma of secret spices.  Don't get me started on the grits.  Some of the best grits I've tasted.  And no matter how full you are - GET THE HOT COCOA!!!  You will have one of the weak at the knees, come to Jesus moments.  Upon your first sip, you will encounter a layer of whipped cream and chocolate syrup that is then melted away by the robust flavor of the hot cocoa.  This is not your Swiss Mix hot cocoa!  Breakfast Klub, you rock!I hate to beat a dead horse, but this place is AMAZING!!!The wings and waffles are out of this world.  I'm not even a big fan of fried chicken but I decided I had to get this since this is what they're known for.  After putting on a dash of Tabasco sauce and honey I dug in.  I almost forgot about the massive waffle at the center of the plate but halfway through the wings I decided to make the switch and was blown away by the waffle.  It was so rich and delicious - I didn't even need much syrup!  My dad got the catfish and grits which he gave great reviews to.  The catfish had a perfect crispiness and the grits were creamy and buttery.  I'll stick with the wings and waffles though.Don't be put off by the wait, the line really does move and they bring the food out as soon as you get your napkins, silverware, drinks, etc.  The staff is also extremely helpful and nice.If you live in Houston and haven't been here yet ...O!I've been here a couple of times and each time I thought to myself, "Why don't I come here more often??"I loved the waffle and wings which is probably their best dish.  We've also had the catfish and grits.  I'm from NY so I don't know much about grits, but I've had them before and don't usually like 'em.  BUT, these grits were tasty! I would eat grits (from here) again.  One note: Be prepared to wait on line if you don't get there early enough.How have I not reviewed this place yet?  As a former mid-town Houstonite (okay, so maybe I lived in the medical center area...but I did roam mid-town a lot) I would always see a line of people outside on Sunday.  When I finally went with a friend, we could understand 100% why there was a line.  The food at the Breakfast Klub is very food-coma worthy.  The biscuits and gravy are delicious, the grits are good, and the service is fast and efficient.  Sure, it can be a little pricey, but you go home feeling as though you've eaten two meals (and I also love leftovers) because the portions are large and hearty.  Leave the guilt and concerns about calories at home - and be sure to pack a blanket in case you need an impromptu nap after the meal.You are given many days on this earth - use at least one of them to eat here. The Katfish and Grits is unlike anything you will have anywhere else. Their biscuits are flat out amazing. My husband gets the waffles and wings and sometimes the grits and wings - so so so good!Yes, you will wait in line to eat this jelly - be prepared. But it's like the Oracle told Neo in the Matrix, "I promise, by the time you're done eating it, you'll feel right as rain."It's just that good!What a great place to experience sensory integration, I mean to tell you that all your senses are heightened here and then some!  Taste the wonderful coffee selections with my favorite, chicken wings and waffles. Feel the energy coming from the staff who make everyone feel like its a family reunion. See the variety of patrons and the wonderful art displayed. Smell the aromas coming from the kitchen. Hear the fun and join in!This is a place to go to treat yourself to something special. Enjoy!!!I'm pretty certain when people are giving this place more than 3 stars its because of the service. Hands down fabulous. They are friendly and fast. The food? Really, guys?There is indeed, a wait. Why? I'm not really sure. Nothing I had impressed me more than anything I could make myself. I don't even recall what I had. That's how much it didn't stand out. I wanted to like this place because so many other people do but it didn't cut the mustard.I came here to review this and found everyone else pretty much said it all.  I had a more traditional breakfast combo of Waffle, Eggs, and homemade pan sausage.  My table mates went for the more adventurous "Wings and Waffle" or "Catfish and Grits" and they looked amazing.  My food was excellent as well.  I'm not a coffee drinker but the coffees looked awesome too.Each person in our group was given their own number so food was brought out immediately as it was finished.  Everyone got to eat hot fresh food.  Very nice touch.  I will definitely look for an opportunity to return in the future!Every time I've attempted to come here, it has some abnormally long line, I was intrigued to see what all the hype was about. I mean let's be honest, it's been in Houston for 20 years, they gotta be doing something right...or so I thought. Me and friend decided to take a stab at BK on Saturday 8/13 around 8:45am, we made it in easily before the line starts at around 9am. This line can easily take up 45 minutes or more of your weekend if you let it. The staff is full of good old southern hospitality. Very friendly, polite and fast. I wish I could say the same for the food, it was sad, I tried their signature dish, the Belgian Waffle, being a self proclaimed waffle connoisseur I feel I have some experience in the matter. This was soggy both inside and out, the scrambled eggs were runny and not very exciting. My friend felt the same way about her meal, about the only thing she liked was that they substitute the letter 'K' for 'C' on the menu and all the signs - ha!  All in all, I wouldn't waste my life in that line for such low quality food. It's let down all the way around. Just goes to show, just because they pack the house, doesn't mean it will pack your pallet.When you see a place with a line that wraps out the front door and into the parking lot, then you know the place must be good. I'm a pretty impatient person when it comes to food. On any given day, I would have probably just said "screw this i'm going somewhere else" but something in me REALLY wanted chicken and waffles that day so I decided the line must be worth it. I was with my friend and she's 10000000000000x worse than me when it comes to waiting in line in the heat. Not only did I have to put up with waiting and the heat, but i had to deal with her whining. Trust me, it's worth it though. They provide you with cold water while you're waiting in line though, and they have covered tents for you to wait under, so it's not ridiculously unbarable in the summers. I got the wings and waffles, which were AWESOME. The 6 wings were crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It complement the waffles very well. I mean it's not Roscoe's chicken n waffles in LA but it's pretty darn good for Houston standards. All this for $9. pretty good deal to me. My friend got the klub special which were 2 eggs, turkey, grits, n a biscuit. I'm usually not a fan of grits but these were addicitively good (it was probably the pound of melter butter in it). The eggs were fluffy and biscuit good. My friend loves the biscuit. She had a look of extreme satisfaction on her face, like if the world were to end at that moment, she'd die happy. The place is counter service, that's why there's usually a line. Once you order though, it should be easy to find a table. The people there are pretty friendly and they give you menus while you're in line to expedite the process.I went here because of the fantastic reviews on Yelp and because the Lonely Planet spoke high of it. I had the wings and waffles and my girlfriend just a short stack. First of all I want to stretch, I don't really get the combination of chicken wings and waffles (especially not in the morning) but if I look at them separate, the wings were the best I ever had and the waffle was gooooooood. There was a small line (it was a wednesday morning) but the line moved quickly and the service was very hospitable!I'm very selective with my money, so I'll only go here when there's a google offer for half off. :)the food here has that wow factor. No bite ever gets bland. The textures in the two main plates :chicken and waffles, catfish and gritts, work together in a symphony. Sweet waffles complimenting savory chicken, while, the flaky and crispy fish compliments the smooth and buttery grits. Despite the hearty textures in every bite, everything just melts in your mouth. My bf also loveeedd the lemonade made with honey or agave.. (i forgot). It definitely had a unique twist to it. It was mild, flavorful and refreshing. Something so simple, yet something i couldn't make at home my only complaint is that the food is heavy and feels too much for me at times. I walk out feeling that my arteries have been damaged. Its a once every 5 months kind of thing. I needed a fruit salad on the side to balance it all out. Also some fresh herbs with the grits would of given freshness to the dish. (just my Vietnamese preference)  obviously, the service here is awesome. the workers treat you like their favorite out of town family member who they want to show a good time.  the jazzy feel really warms you upThe line?.. i went on a spring day. it goes fast and everyone is in a perky mood, getting hyped up about the great dining experience. my mouth is watering now.. thanks yelpThis establishment brings in people who love Southern style breakfast. Unfortunately I'm not one of them - as I judge more the individual dishes rather than the neat Southern combos - wings & pancakes, etc. As far as pancakes, eggs, and the routine fare, it is good, but it's definitely not the best place to get breakfast in H-town.To order, you get in a line that goes straight out to the door (the counter isn't far from the door anyways). And you order at the counter, sit down, and the meal is served to you. They have nice seating arrangements and you should feel comfortable although it may be noisy at times due to the lack of carpeting or whatever else.Overall, I give this place 4 stars due to its unique concept, mom-and-pop status, and it being a Houston institution. But if you're really hankering for a great breakfast without caring for a Southern taste, I recommend going elsewhere. But if your only other choice is Denny's or IHOP, then by all means, eat here!This place is great. You get some interesting culture, great food, and a good mix of people. I had the vegetarian omelette. I think I got a weird look or two, but they have pretty much everything on the menu. The waffles I saw looked like they were the size of my head.This is a place I don't mind waiting for. That sounds weird to say. But some days I just really want it and I have the time to wait for it. Parking gets interesting at times - but if you are driving by and see a parking spot you have to take it, go in and eat! It is mandatory. I saw that law somewhere. Sorry, can't pull up the cite right now, writing a review.The entire staff is nice. There is not a single rude or pushy staffperson I have met yet. Prices are fine - it is not a Denny's in terms of food quality, so no complaints about paying for quality. Four stars for the aforegoing reasons. To hit five stars the owner is going to need to come hand me a piece of art off of the wall. A boy can dream, right? But seriously, this is what I think Houston should be about. When outsiders from my life trek in from distant parts of the world you can bet I am taking them here for a meal and they all love it.Wow, even on a Friday at 11 am there's a line!  (Don't people have to work?  Guess not.)  It wasn't too bad, though - we were seated in ~20 min or so.Wings & waffle: the wings were delicious - kinda greasy, but nice and crunchy on the outside, juicy on the inside. the Belgian waffle was meh - it wasn't very crispy, just kind of limp.Catfish & grits: catfish was crispy and good. grits are grits. biscuit was decent.Service was good.  I [stupidly] left my purse in the restaurant, and they placed it in the safe for me.  By the time I realized, they were closed already, so I left them a panicked message on their answering machine.  When they opened the next morning, they called me right back & said that my purse was locked in their safe. Yay!I am a HUGE fan of Southern comfort, good ole home-cookin' food, so of course I LOVE The Breakfast Klub.  Their chicken & waffles is great.  Their breakfast combo is great.  Their biscuits & sausage gravy....well, they are a bit more than just great.So...why not give them 5 stars then?  On my second visit there, I found a long strand of thick black hair that had been cooked into my hearty slices of bacon.  I'm sure this is a rare occurrence, but why did this have to happen to me?!Nevertheless, if you haven't been to Breakfast Klub, definitely check it out.  And if you have been there, go again!  Even though there's a line on the weekends, it moves pretty quickly, or you can just go during a weekday lunch to avoid the crowds.so..it took me like 20-30yrs to finally visit L.A., CA to get Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles and it blew me away...Now I have it here in Houston; just as great!!Serious comfort food!!!This is living!!!! This is love on a plate!!!Ive been a couple times and have had the chicken&waffles and katfish&grits, also tasted the green eggs&ham..all damn good!!!!!!!ahh, the Famous famous Breakfast Klub, My boyfriend and i finally made it to this place not to long ago.. My boyfriend was deteremined to make it here so up and early we get up and head over.. Upon a arrival, as expected there was already a line and it was rapidly growing!I felt really sick that day so i was in total snail mode slowly crawling(litreally) to the front.. Lets start off by saying that the service?? IS AMAZING!! while standing in line, there was this bright and sunny, motivating, high spirited waitress who came to explain how everything runs in the restuarant.. She was so sweet, came and talked to every single customer and gave us the greatest compliments! She asked my boyfriend if he was a "superstar" so obviously he took to her very well! By the time i got to the restuarant, i headed straight to the restroom, I was just really sick.. Let me say again that the people here and the serivice is beyond amazing... One lady helped me to the bathroom and when i was coming out, one of the cashiers asked me if i was doing ok and if i needed anything!While sitting down, the owner of the breakfast klub came and personally asked if everyting was to our liking! You dont find service like this anymore!!on to the food,My boyfriend had the catfish and grits while i had the wings and waffels... My boyfriend thought that his plate was simply delish.. Me on the other hand did not get to taste my plate only because i was feeling reallly super nasiated and couldnt hold anything down!:( but we did take it to go and it tasted wonderful when i heated it up, i can only imagine what it tasted like while it was piping hot and fresh!!My only reco is if you get the sweet tea, you might want to diluted it a little with water cause its superrrrr SWEEEEEEETTTTTT... overall this place deserves all the stars it can get!Great place!!Did I let out a frustrated sigh when I saw the line under the tents? Yep. But my rage fizzled out when I found myself at the front door in about 10 minutes. Obsessed over the menu until I was literally almost in tears (everything seemed really delicious) but finally settled on the famous Waffles and Wings. H-O-L-Y SHHHHHHHHHH..... you get the point.Perfectly crisp on the outside yet fluffy on the inside waffles with a strawberry on top, and deliciously seasoned juicy and moist chicken. Nom nom nom. I think I could have eaten the whole plate without any syrup or Louisiana Hot Sauce, but they only made the experience better. And yes I ate/inhaled everything on the plate.You order at the counter and take a number, find your own seat and pick up your own condiments. Get syrup as many times as you want ;)Everyone is RIDICULOUSLY nice. The owner (I think?) came by each and every table to make sure we were all happy. On the way out we were thanked for coming in. Don't have one bad thing to say. I'm pissed I don't live in Houston.The Breakfast Klub had all of the trappings of an "institution". It's been around for awhile and clearly has a strong following in Houston. The service was amazing. (I have to say, almost everywhere we went in Houston had great service. It was impressive.)Maybe it was the build-up and the expectations, but I left thinking, "That was just okay." For all the raves about the chicken and waffles, I'd take Roscoe's in LA or Lo-Lo's in Phoenix any day. The chicken had a nice crunch, but the waffle was lacking. I should've gone with the catfish and grits, maybe?This was our last eat-stop in our recent trip to Houston!  And definitely we saved the best for last!  It was about 11:15 on a monday morning and there was already/still a line out the door.  When we got to the kounter we ordered the Wings and Waffles and Catfish with grits.  The staff was very friendly and patient as they helped us order.The food kame out extra fast.  There was 8 of us in our party and no one waited more than 5 minutes for our food.  The catfish w/ grits comes with your choice of toast/bisquit and egg/potato.  The grits were on the thicker side, which I've come to like better.  And the fried catfish was very krispy on the outside and packed with flavor.  It wasn't neither too salty or greasy.The wings and waffles were even better.  The waffles was soft, fluffy, and pretty thick.  The best part was, of kourse, were the wings!  Just like the catfish, it was neither salty or greasy.  Just straight up delicious.  After konsuming both plates, we can see why both of them are konsidered their specialty items.I just hope we will have another excuse to go to Houston one day, so we can make another stop at the Breakfast Klub.Friendly and attentive staff, excellent food prepared perfectly with unusual restaurant setup. Order at a counter, sit in diner-style seating area (non-descript table with four uncomfortable chairs) with local art and ESPN to look at while you wait with stomach grumbling as a result of the delicious smell all aound you, and then your food arrives hot and fresh.  Reasonably priced, go early to avoid long lines, and enjoy!Very Overrated.  Look, this place is serves good breakfast in a city that SUCKS at breakfast.  Houston kills it when it comes to bbq, steak, Tex-Mex,  and new-American fine-dining, but man do we suck at b-fast.  If you like a REALLY heavy, greasy breakfast, this is the ticket.  If you are the waffles and fried chicken breakfast kinda person, this is your place.  If you like some gourmet eggs, quiches, wholesome oats, or artisan-style baked goods this is NOT your place.  They do grease very well but that's it ... one dimensional.Chicken, Chicken & Waffles, Biskits & Gravy? Was that with a "K"? Quite possibly the best fried chicken I ever had in my whole life. The Klub has feel good food, feel great food...feel like you ought to run the New York Marathon and then walk back to Houston good food. The entrees make the soul feel great but the heart want to brace itself. There are only a few times a year I would allow myself to eat here. Let's face it if I ate here all the time my time will be short and near ending. For its namesake I am usually here for breakfast. When I break bread here the items that get in my belly are:- Chicken & Waffles- The Kriossant - The B"E"T (bacon, egg & tomato)The employees offer warm welcomes and smiles all over the place. There are a great number of articles chronicling the development and success of this establishment. The service is pretty fast even when it is busy. You will probably wait longer outside than it takes to order and finish your meal during certain times of the mornings!In December there is a "pilgrimage" of out of town friends to The Breakfast Klub as part of a Christmas Party weekend held by two close friends of mine. 15-20 of us meet up in the morning at whichever hotel most of them are staying at and we carpool to The Klub. Those that know are patient while those that are new are impatient and eager. I will make it to The Breakfast Klub a couple of times before December...this much is true.I was debating what to rate this place.  We had an incident while in line that left a bad taste in my mouth, but it really wasn't the restaurant's fault (they actually made things better).  It was the manners of the rest of the people in line.First, the food.  Had the wings and waffles.  Waffles were good, but the memorable part of the meal was the wings.  There was a certain savory quality to it that I couldn't quite put my finger on, but one of my friends suggested that it may have been buttermilk in the batter for the wings.  Delicious.  You get 6 wings too, which is more than I would have guessed (or needed).  Tried some catfish and grits, and that was delicious as well (comes with eggs too if you're in the mood for something hearty).So now the story.  We were a large group coming in from out of town.  Half our group showed up and waited (line wraps around the restaurant's lot).  The other half were either running late or getting lost, but showed up after everyone else had been waiting for a while.  We had one couple behind us mouth off behind us and eventually just cut in front of us because they were angry.  The rest of the mob were understandably angry and began to complain to the restaurant.  The woman/hostess at the front kindly pointed to the sign at front saying "You can't get seated unless the whole party is there" and was trying to placate the crowd by saying "C'mon, the more the merrier!"  Eventually the crowd got quiet and looking back, I was very grateful.I know, it might not have been the most considerate thing to do so our fault on that.  But kudos to the restaurant for helping the situation.On Wednesday at 9am, we had a 10 minute wait. The waitress came outside and took our order white we were in in line, so the food came out very quickly after wards.My best restaurant pet peeve is difficult parking, but thankfully, there was amply parking in front. We ended up parking right next to the entrance. I'm usually a health nut. Soul food is way left field for me, but the food here is worth every penny. We tried their two signature dishes:Wings and Waffles- *drool* I actually dreamed about the waffles that very night. The wings were crispy and juicy and tasted surprisingly delicious with a little powdered sugar. The waffles were made perfectly. Next time, I'm getting an extra order of waffles just for me. Catfish and Grits- their other signature dish. Better than good but nothing to write home about. The catfish was a little on the salty side for me, and the grits had too much butter. Kafe Mocha- yummy yummy. It was definitely sweet, think Starbucks Frappacino sweet. Not for you if you like your coffee black. It took me all day to finish. It was that big! The service is amazing here. This service at a breakfast/lunch spot in Houston. The waitstaff are very attentive and quick. It's like they like their job, imagine that!All in all, I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.Amazing food. Amazing service. We ordered a number of different things including the wings and grits which also came with toast and eggs. We got biscuits and gravy and also ordered a side of catfish because it's one of the house specialties. The food came out fast, was fresh, hot and delicious. II think it was about $30 bucks for breakfast. The line seemed long when we showed up at 9 ish AM. We waited approximately 45 minutes to order and get a table. Once we sat down, our food came out fast! I highly recommend this place. It was one of the best meals I've had in my life.So many people have reviewed this place already but hey, one more won't hurt, right? I'll keep this brief.Awesome wingsBest french toast in townCatfish and grits are out of this worldGet there early or go on a weekday.Holy wow.Hands down the best chicken I have ever had. I wasn't sure about the chicken and waffles being that it's a weird combination. But so many other people had raved about it that I knew I HAD to try it. I am SO glad that I did. I think I'm addicted. This place is not over rated, and I don't know how to rate it any better! The waffles were thick and perfect true belgian waffles. I really loved the mixture of syrup, chicken and waffles. It's unexplainable. I did end up taking home half of the entire plate (yay for lunch tomorrow)! But the chicken, back to that. Really?! It was warm and crispy on the outside, super juicy meat, and it wasn't too greasy....I don't know how they do it!They also have massive cups of delicious coffee - there are several choices. A huge array of ways to make your coffee how you want it! Costa Rican, House, Guatemalan - baskets of creamer, sugar, etc. As far as the line is concerned, I didn't mind it at all. There is a very communal feel about it, talking to your friends, talking to strangers. By the time we got inside (which was really only 20 minutes max) - I already knew what I wanted because I got to look at the menu in line. The employees are very nice and were quick to ring me up, give me my number and then make sure I had a table to sit at. And the owner came outside while we were in line and said hello. He was shaking our hands, smiling, nodding, joking, etc. And when we were inside he was flittering about talking to all of the people inside. He didn't sit with us because it was just me and my friend at a two person table but he did come by and say hi, and I listened to him joke with the people at the table next to ours.Do yourself a favor, get your friends together, get there early and enjoy. It's amazing. (I'm in love if you can't tell!)The lines are worth it.  And there will be lines. Experience it at least once. Protip: chicken and waffles does not disappoint.What can I say about the The Breakfast Klub that hasn't been said already? Truly delicious Southern breakfast and Southern hospitality. Best grits I've ever tasted. Hot, crispy and perfectly seasoned wings and catfish. Eggs cooked exactly the way I ordered them.Was blown away by the shouts and cheers and drumming that welcomed us through the door on Saturday morning. Guess that's the kind of greeting you get when you get up early and stand in line. It's all worth it!Its not just breakfast, its an experience.I'd never had wings and waffles before, but I sure would have 'em again. This place was delish. The line wrapping around the building at 9:30 was a little daunting, but it moved quickly and all the employees were SUPER hospitable. The food came out quick. The waffles were a little lackluster. They were great with lots of syrup between bites of wings, though. And the wings were fabulous. There was enough food left over for another meal later.Really loved the place. Would happily go back, maybe a little earlier next time! :)I am so disappointed in myself. I have lived close to the Breakfast Klub for a while, and have JUST NOW made the time to wait in line to eat there. Everything about our experience was phonomenal. The staff is genuinely and noteably friendly, the line moves very fast, and most importantly, the food is as amazing as you would hope.It's criminal to go there and not try what they're famous for: the wings and waffles and the catfish and grits (with cheese)... but in my humble opinion, I think the wings and french toast is the best. The catfish can be a little bit salty but is still insanely good. Potatoes are meh. They aren't kidding when they say they're a coffee house that just happens to serve great food; all of the coffees are delicious, particularly the Costa Rican one. The only thing I really don't enjoy is the lemonade. Wah.I have been here at least five times, and each time, I have been quite satisfied. Get here early! I got here at 8:30 on a Friday with some friends and there was a steady flow of people. 9 o'clock came and the line was out the door! But if you're in line and it's busy, they'll write your order down, so you're ready to pay at the counter. If you come on a Saturday, be prepared to wait. It is so insanely busy!The service is great. Everyone here is so nice. They don't have waiter service, but one time a young man was kind enough to check up on my table a few times and even bring me silverware.I've ordered the Breakfast Special several times. Scrambled eggs were pretty good. Potatoes are amazing! I love them so much. Ham was dry on 2 occasions. Bacon was crisp and never burnt. Sausage was a bit greasy. Toast was bland. Biscuit was nice and warm.I will return! I want try to the wings and waffle. Looks great.Boy do they know how to make their fried chicken!!!I went to school nearby and the only good thing about a long break from 1-4pm was the fact that if my friends and I were hungry and craving some tasty, not-so-heart-healthy food, we'd make the quick drive on down to The Breakfast Klub where we'd patiently wait in  line and mingle with the sociable greeter. She'd pass out menus to us so that we'd know exactly what to order by the time we arrived at the cashier, efficient! ( I wonder if Andre Johnson has to wait in line when he comes here)? I've heard he's been spotted here a few times. I digress...Get the chicken and waffles, they're seriously the best I've ever had thus far, in fact, their fried chicken is so good, I wish they would open a chain where they just served fried chicken. If you're not into chicken and waffles (I don't know why anyone wouldn't be) the catfish and grits are definitely worth trying. Crispy, perfectly seasoned catfish with those buttery grits.. trust me, it's worth the wait.If you're not into waiting in line, get here early to beat the morning rush! Oh! And be sure to order a cappuccino or cafe' au lait too! Definitely helps kick start your morning the right way! Enjoy!I flew down to Houston with my gf to visit our friend and he kept saying "Jay there's this place called 'Breakast Klub with a K and I think you'll like it".  And yes indeed, it was an amazing soul food experience!When we got there @ 11am the line was out the door and around the corner, I'd recommend getting there earlier to beat the lines.  Now had I been in Oakland (where I currently live) being the ONLY non-african americans in line would have caused me some jitters.  But down in the south, everyone was super friendly.  The owner was even walking down the line greeting and chatting with everyone as if they were all his best buds.  He got to us and asked where we were from, welcomed us to the South and even took a picture with us!Once we got our table we went right to work with Chicken and Waffles, Sweet Tea, Sweeeet Lemonade, Grilled Pork chops and the Breakfast Klub sandwich.  All amazingly scrumptious.  The overload of sugar, salt, butter/oil was pure ecstasy for our mouthes =)I can say as good as reviewed. This place is not packed on weekdays which probably is the total opposite of weekends.I came here Monday morning after working night/graveyard shift at Hermann. Got to Breakfast Klub around 8 o clock and there was no line - we were literally the only people in line at 8. Service was excellent.Everyone in the place seemed very friendly.The lady at the front door was especially warm and inviting, even chatting with us for a little bit while we waited for someone in our party to show. Since it was our first time here she politely explained to us how it worked and where to get our condiments. I ordered the biscuits and gravy and I had to try their famous wings and waffles. The biscuits and gravy were good, they were a pretty good size portion and they sausage and gravy tasted good. The biscuits were cooked perfectly with the edges being very crunchy and they inner part of the biscuits being soft.The Wings and Waffle was awesome! The taste of the waffle contrasted well with the taste of the wings.  Wings were crunchy and were very good. The waffle was cooked perfectly and tasted really good.Overall I would recommend this place to anyone. If you want to eat with no line and no wait, coming on a weekday would be your best bet. Pricing was fair for food this great - 10.95 for the wings and waffles and 6.75 for the biscuits and gravy. Props for the excellent service they give you here.3.5 stars!!As is known to a lot of people, Breakfast Klub is the place to be if you're craving some really delicious breakfast/brunch. I usually order their omelets with potatoes and toast and it is one huge flavorful meal. I never had any decent experience with grits elsewhere, but was completely blown away when I tried a little bit of buttery grits at BK - it was just amazing, and I'll be getting their catfish with grits next time.NOTE: 7/22/2012: I tried catfish and grits today at BK. It was decent, but nothing to rave about, considering the hype. Therefore, I think I'll get back to my omelet next time.Besides the regular food items from the menu - you MUST order a side of strawberries.. They taste so good, so sweet, without that tartness, so smooth that you'll leave a piece or two for the end of the meal..Only reason I don't go to BK that often is the huge line and long wait.. During the week is a good option in case you want to avoid the line.. I went there yesterday when it was raining really hard, hoping the line would be small - well, the line was still there (albeit relatively shorter), and yes the wait was not that bad as the line was moving quickly.. Now, only if there were similar places in the vicinity offering decent quality breakfast, there is a chance that huge line at BK would get evenly distributed and lead to short waiting times as people would get more options that are equally good.** And sorry to break this but: Klub's Benedict at BK are not good.. it is just a soggy mess with overflowing hollandaise sauce.. and regarding chicken and waffles - well, just another hyped up thing..I had read reviews for this restaurant on another site. Everyone mentioned the lines and mostly everyone mentioned that it was worth the wait. I had never had a more fun time waiting in a line. The line moved quickly and I think this had a lot to do with an employee that came outside and greeted everyone, showed the special, provided the menu and was very entertaining. She teased, joked, and had us laughing to the front door. My date had on a Dallas Cowboys shirt and she teased him about not being served.She explained the simple process to order. Upon entry, you can check out the owner's story and numerous awards that the restaurant has earned.The cashier that took our order was sweet and gracious. I put a tip in the jar and she came out later to find me, thank me, and gave me a hug. Right after placing the order, I went to get my condiments, and the food arrived at the table by the time I sat down. I have the Khicken and Grits with Eggs and Biscuit and my date had krawfish Fettukkine dish. No typos....all c's are k's at the Breakfast Klub. My first bite was heaven....my last bite was heaven. I hated that I did not wear a dress that had more give. I was full fast and even had a meal to take home. GRITS amazing! I hear the chicken and waffles is a treat also. The owner greeted us as he was coming in and teased my date about the Dallas shirt. I have friends that stay almost an hour away from the Breakfast Klub, and they both said that they come Midtown often for the breakfast. My statement: I might fly back to Houston just to eat there.Ambiance, Service, Taste, Quantity and Quality. The Breakfast Klub has it. I am a fan. I've heard so much about this place, read plenty of reviews and for sure, I was pleasantly pleased after my brunch visit yesterday. There was a line on this particular Friday afternoon but it moved I think we waited maybe 2 minutes from the time we got in line to when we finally paid. I instantly fell in love with the decor and ambiance, with no particular style to speak of other than what I call a "speak-easy" vibe, the jazzy tunes playing in the background blended easily with the constant buzz of chatter from the other restaurant guests without being too chaotic. There were families, couples, business professionals, a book klub group, just a whole lot of random people but everyone seemed to be having a good time. The staff was all really nice and everyone I passed smiled and said hello. Our order started to arrive at our table nearly at the same time I sat down. I had the chicken and grits plate and will probably order this everytime I go back. My husband ordered the chicken and waffle plate with a side of cheesy eggs and potatoes. He couldn't finish but he gave it a good try. Kind of sad the orange juice was bottled and not a fresh squeezed concoction but the Kosta Rikan koffee was divine and I adored the large koffee mug they give you. Overall, not a 5-star because of the bottled OJ and at $36 for 2 people kind of steep for an everyday affair but I support the history and culture The Klub represents so I'll definitely visit whenever the opportunity arises and I encourage anyone else who hasn't, to do so!!Let's start with the negatives. This place is extremely expensive for chicken and waffles! If you come here expect to pay more than $12 a plate. Parking is alost a bit difficult because they do not have alot of parking and it's pretty much all street parking but.....It's good food served by really friendly people. The line was out the door, but we were greeted by a waitress right after we got in line. She gave us a menu, asked if this was our first time and went through the menu with us. The wait wasn't too bad at about 15 minutes.  We had the chicken and waffles. The chicken wings were crispy with a good spice to it and the waffle was soft in the middle with crunchy edges.This is the place that everyone brings up when  you're looking for a good breakfast. The line out the door will show you just how popular the place is. For me, it was just ok. The hot chocolate was rich and the french toast was good. My boyfriend got the famed wings and waffles; the wings were great but the waffle was meh. Go on a weekday if you can manage because it's not entirely worth it if you wait forever.I come here frequently and just have to comment on the consistency of GREAT SERVICE, FOOD, and AMBIANCE. I love their grits, so smooth and creamy yummy!! Everything is great and can't comment enough on the customer service!!!! You really can't go wrong with anything you order!!I met my boss here for lunch today, and I am still pretty impressed. If you can stand to wait in line for a few minutes on a normal day, you won't be disappointed by the food. The wait staff is extremely friendly, as well, so come prepared to be barraged with "Hey how are you doing today?" and "Thank you so much for choosing to eat here today?" while you wait in line. Also, I'm not a huge fan of the idea of eating fried chicken and waffles, but the food really is phenomenal. One complaint I have is that some of the meals are a little pricey. An omelette and a coffee with a small tip can easily run you about $14 (unless you get the early bird special before 7:30am), while at a place like Empire Cafe or Harry's you can get out for $9-$10. Also, yes, the parking situation is terrible, and don't go on Saturday or Sunday morning during the peak times (e.g. after church gets out), because you will definitely have to wait in a rowdy line outside for at least half an hour.Whoa.  This place came at me sideways.  Like What???And the service is superb.  They're incredibly gentle with newbies who aren't accustomed to their process.  The lemonade is cloyingly sweet, but everything else was the phenom!!Whatever you do, try the wings, try the pancake.  It's not even fair.  Houston doesn't even deserve this place.This joint brings the black outta me.What what!There are very few things that I will stand in line for an hour for....a free car (most definitely) ...but rarely for food. Not only would I stand in line for this food for an hour, I'll stand there in the 105 degree weather. I have heard so much about this place from friends and family, it is ridiculous. Now, I see what all the hype is about. Chicken and Waffles. Check and mate.Haha, but no, their chicken is like on the same level as Frenchy's. And their waffles are pretty good also. They place it on the plate all pretty with a strawberry and after a collection of sweat and achy feet, I can say it is worth it! I have to say, when I went there was the long cover outside for everyone to stand under to kind of shield some of the sun and they had a massive warehouse fan and tables filled with cold water. I was still hot as hell, but because I went with friends time did fly by way faster than I anticipated. The place has kind of a small seating area (hence the long wait), but once you get in, everything moves pretty fast. You order your food at the counter and it comes to you in no time. They also have catfish and grits, which I hear is one of their other favorite dishes. I also wanted to try their pork chops and eggs. I just need to find the right time to go to avoid the line (lol). It wasn't too too bad but if I were going by myself, I might be a little more hesitatant to go, but like I said, definitely worth it!!! And the staff is really nice, even with the chaos and rush, they maintain their hospitality. There is parking. They have a lot that's kind of across the street but when it's that busy many just park on the curb. I'm not sure if that's okay, but hey, when you are trying to beat others to the line, I'm sure it is!Lastly, I hear they have lunch....which is intriguing but I'd suggest the breakfast first if you've never been. Also they close at 2 so get there in time!!It is a Saturday morning and it is raining.  I figured that since it was raining, there shouldn't be such a long line like I have heard.  I WAS WRONG!  My hubby and I got there around 10:30 and there was a line out towards the parking lot to the street.  Luckily we planned ahead and brought our own umbrellas, smart phones and a jacket.  We waited for about 45 minutes.  Throughout the wait, a lady came by to see if there were any newbies and if we needed assistance in ordering or getting around the restaurant.I told her I was new, but I knew that I wanted to get the Katfish and Grits plate and the Chicken and Waffles.  Everything that is spelled with a C is replaced by a K, so don't mind my typos.She told me that the metal utensils, condiments and coffess are all along the dark brown shelving area, next to the coffee/espresso machines.As I approached the door, I saw two registers open and lots of happy people stuffing their faces with delicious food.  There were local articles framed and placed on the walls - talking about how successful and homey the Breakfast Klub really is.We got closer to the register and someone came by to take our order.  We were given a standard restaurant receipt and were told to hand it to the cashier.I handed the cashier my receipt, the hubby paid and I was given a to-go cup for my endless coffee.  My hun ordered the latte so it arrived at our table later on.We were given a number and we headed to the corner to grab a seat we were both eye-ing.  I went to the brown shelf to grab the utensils and to fill up my coffee.  Went back to my table and the hubby went to grab some jelly and extra butter.A few minutes later our food arrived.I ordered the Katfish and grits which consisted of a thick filet of fried catfish, buttery grits, biscuit and 2 over easy eggs.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  My hun ordered the chicken and waffles.  The waffles were moist, fluffy and almost tasted like a beignet.  The chicken wings were a little salty.  I think that maybe the wings were salty so that it would pair up with the sweet syrup and waffles.  Either way, we both enjoyed our brunch/lunch.  I will definitely go here again.  I regret that my hun and I didn't order a third entree just to try something else out.  Don't bother ordering the latte, just get one of the other special coffees that come with whipped cream!Wow, the wings here is some of the best wings I've ever had. I wish I could come here to get my friend chicken fix all the time!  They are known for their Chicken and Waffles, but you can also substitute the waffles for French toast. The atmosphere is casual, but you have to wait outside to order so you may want to consider the weather before going to eat here.I came here on a Sunday and there was a line that took about a half hour to move through. It was worth the wait!The wings and waffles are the thing to get. Best fried chicken ever. The chicken is perfectly crispy on the outside, but incredibly juicy and well-seasoned once you bite through.This is a great place for breakfast.  You have to get there 30-45 minutes before they open to eat. It gets crowded really fast, that should speak for itself.  The line moves fast, but it can get very long.I have been there a few times and I always seem to get their signature dish, chicken and waffles.  It is heavenly..  My wife tries new things and the other dishes are great too, but I am still stuck with their chicken and waffles.  I think they add something to their coating that makes people addicted to it.The service is great and fast.  You will usually see the owner walking around talking with customers, helping out his employees, smiling, etc.  The staff is courteous, happy and energetic. If you have not tried the Breakfast Club, this should be a stop for you.Watch out Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles! Yea you know what I'm talking about Southern California. ; )I must say that Wings and Waffles at The Breakfast Klub is indeed BETTER than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles.. that is if you like your fried chicken more battered (Roscoe's wings are lightly battered). The waffle here is nice, thick and crunchy covered with powdered sugar. The combination of the wings, waffle, and hot syrup was a delish.As for the catfish and grits, I'm not a fan of battered catfish and grits but it was surprisingly good. The catfish wasn't fishy so that's a plus there. The grits was oh oh good!! Their homemade biscuit was ok.Oh, their homemade lemonade is mouth watering. It has a nice sour and sweet taste.As for service, this place is awesome! I love the southern hospitality here. Everyone was very helpful and friendly.As for the complaint about the wait, it's not so bad once you place your order because you'll quickly be seated and the food often comes within a few minutes. =)I love this place first and foremost because the people who run it really care and it shows. The Breakfast Klub was created about a decade ago by a former school teacher who uses recipes passed down from his school principal father.Because of the tremendous amount of press it has received you will most likely find the line all the way around the sidewalk so get your smartphone ready to play Angry Birds because the wait will probably be at least 45 minutes to an hour.  Once inside you counter order, get a number, and take a seat.  The inside isn't very large which contributes to the long line.  There are traditional breakfast items (only breakfast on the weekends--during the week you also have lunch options) that include their famous chicken and waffles along with grits and biscuits.If you fancy coffee you have several choices from light to dark roast.  I liked the selection.  The food is amazing.  You get large portions so you can probably take some home.  My favorite part though is how the people who run this place really care.  The first Saturdays of the month is designated "children's day" and they have a blow-up house for the kiddos along with live musical performances put on by the children and tables set up with stuff like finger paint.  For those hot days when you are waiting in line they have a couple of jugs set out with fresh ice water.  I would absolutely return to support such a loving, family orientated establishment.Second time here and the chicken & waffles is STILL the best.The biscuits and gravy here are amazing!!!After reading all of the reviews on yelp, I finally decided to stop by this place and wow, what a great experience.The line only reached the door when I got there (Friday, around 10am), but it went fairly quick.  Very friendly staff, and I think it was the owner who shook my hand and made small talk with me and my girlfriend.  The cashier was very friendly also when I told her it was my first time there.I ordered the katfish & grits and my girlfriend got the wings and waffle.  We also got two of their moka drinks.  The food came out VERY fast.  I made two trips to get utensils and whatnot and our food came after I made my second trip, with my moka's right behind the food.The food was terrific.  I guess my first experience eating grits wasn't all that great but wow, TBK changed my mind about grits.  Every other part of our meals was excellent, from the katfish to the wings and the waffle, although the moka's were very, very sweet.Later on the day, both my girlfriend and I wanted to go back to TBK but figured that might be too much for one day.  I will definitely be coming back here.OK I am having a love affair with their grits that come drowning in butter... I have been back to the Breakfast Klub many times just to get a side of grits... Man I think they have addictive product in those things... :) Anyways if you still haven't"t checked out the Breakfast Klub do your self a favor and hop on in for breakfast!! Not only I am a fan of the grits but they also have a yummy cheese omelet and delicious french toast covered in fresh strawberries, if your not already eyeing the wings and waffles or the fried catfish!!Now I can't help but throw all my stars out to this place. The lady that kept greeting us and checking on us and then checking again on us wasn't even the waiting on us earned it. She was super nice in a very super strange nice way! She knew how to do her job. I think the meal was ten times better because she was that nice and I don't even kno her name. The food was food, breakfast food, I had normal bacon grits eggs and juice. It's breakfast. My friend had biscuits n gravy which was "off the charts". I wouldn't know, just passing on his quote.The atmosphere was great, everyone seemed to be surprisingly pleasant, from guest at end of the line to the single guy at the next table.This place is, far and away, my favorite spot in Houston.  Did you know:  Voted one of the top three spots in the U.S. by the Today Show!Must haves:The wings.  Whatever you order, get these on the side if they don't already come with it.  There is something magical in their breading.  On the eighth day, God was like, "Let there be Breakfast Klub wings so that ye may eat and be happy, and I shall eat with ye because these things are heavenly."French toast.  Best meal they have:  French toast & wings.  This is my go-to dish.  The French toast is buttery, fluffy, sweet, and everything that is good in life.  World peace could be achieved if everyone in the world could eat this French toast.  They even have hot maple syrup to pour over it!Omelettes:  You may think you've had a good omelet in your time, but you just don't know what you're missing.They have six or seven different kinds of coffee - er, sorry, koffee - and it's all you can drink.  Mmmmm.The only downside:  Be prepared to wait in the 100-person line.  Bring friends - the line moves fast for its size but it still takes a bit.  They have canopies set up, with free ice water and coffee, to beat the heat as you wait outside.  IT'S WORTH IT!P.S. Breakfast Klub, you owe me a new keyboard, because mine is ruined from the drool that's now allaeidfjslkd/Overrated and overpriced.  I couldn't understand the hype around this place so I went for breakfast.  Not during normal times of course because the line is out the door and around the block.  I went around 10am and there was still a long line.  The host at the front door was very friendly.  I ordered the waffle and wings and coffee.  The price was exorbitant - around $18 - before tip.  The food arrived quickly and there was more food than I could eat so some of my meal was wasted.  The waffle was ok and average - no better or worse than most other restaurants' waffles.  The wings were large but again, they were just ok and average.  Not mouth-watering and a little greasy.  The value of this meal is about 1/2 of what I paid.  I don't mind, and I expect, paying good $$$ for very good quality food.  But this food was average at best should have cost around $10.  Rating it two stars because of the terrible value of the experience.Talk about a meal that stays with you for the whole day.We had to try this place out after seeing all the solid reviews especially somewhere to have good wings and waffles. We went around 11 AM on a Tuesday but still had to stand in line for about 15 minutes, although it was strange once we ordered our food and paid there were plenty of seats available.We had the french toast combo and the signature wings and waffles. The waffle was fluffy, the lone ranger strawberry on top was sweet, and the wings were lightly seasoned and fresh. Pair that with warm syrup and you got yourself a meal that taste heart-cloggingly yummy but makes you feel like a ton of bricks. French toast combo was pretty good but nothing you can't get anywhere else.The fresh lemonade was a plus with unlimited refills, and they had 3 different types of coffees when we went. Staff was attentive and very friendly, and made our experience that more enjoyable. The cheese grits was how i like it, buttery, cheesy in between, and drier than the usual wet porridge-like grits you get elsewhere so there's an actual chew to it.Parking was a bit troublesome but with some creative maneuvering, we had a spot right in front of the restaurant. People weren't lying about the wait, but I think it is worth the wait to try this gem out once for something a bit different than your usual breakfast place.Some friends and I decided to visit for brunch today after hearing a ton of cool things about this place. We waited in line outside for about 15 minutes, during which a nice lady brought some menus. But then I felt taunted and grew even more impatient and hungry as she strolled by showing a plate of their delicious-smelling special of the day. I know she's just doing her job and it's actually helpful but I seriously dislike being teased like that.I ordered the famous wings n waffles with extra strawberries and a bottomless gourmet "koffee". And the single most important thing I have to say about them is... OVERHYPED! I've honestly had more flavorful waffles from the Waffle House and much better seasoned wings from BW3s. The waffle wasn't fluffy or moist or buttery enough, and the wings were way too salty. Some lukewarm syrup did help, but not enough to warrant actually eating the entire waffle. Also, their coffee (I tried house and guatemalan) tastes like the cheap and stale robusto variety and not at all gourmet. Good for a caffeine fix only. This place isn't without some redeeming qualities. Food came out very quickly and we had fun talking about the cool quilts on the wall. In the end I tried my friend's catfish and grits, and I actually enjoyed them. Ultimately I might come back for comforting grits, cool decor, and good service. But my experience this morning was honestly just okay.Visited the Breakfast Klub twice so far and I enjoyed the dining experience there.  I make sure to schedule my lunch a little later than usual, so there isn't a line and I can get seated right away.  I've had their chicken and waffles and the fried catfish with grits.  Both dishes were great, but I felt the need for a nap after eating because it was so heavy.  I usually don't eat grits, but they have some good grits at the Klub!Some cons are that it's tough to find a parking place sometimes and of course the lines, but don't let that stop you from going to the Klub!I had extreme expectations of finally making the trek out to eat here.  First off, the service is amazing.  If there is a line outside, you will be given a menu to help move the line along.  If you have never been here before, you will be shown where everything is and how the process is.  The very friendly staff took my order and, after I served myself some of their freshly brewed coffee, I found the table the staff had found for me so I could wait for my order to be brought out using the numbered placard on my table.   I wish I could tell you that the food was amazing with the urge to make a return as quickly as possible but it wasn't.  The waffle was too dense and my companion's home fries, a side dish to the meaty omelette, were just ok.  However, the chicken was absolutely yummy.  It was juicy, crunchy with a nice kick to it.  I'd love to give it another try by sampling other items on the menu before making a final decision.This is just one of those great "hole in the walls." I have been to this place a couple of times and this really is the best place to get a "different" breakfast experience. Although I didn't realize the first time I went, the staff really is the nicest staff that I have ever witnessed. Each time I had the wings and waffles. The chicken is very good. I mean it is just like mama/grand mama used to make. I am not the one to judge waffles because the only waffles I have had besides these are Eggos. I also had the grits which are really good the way they make them, best I've had. I asked one of the ladies if they put sugar in the grits and she replied, "Baby you might wanna eat it like it is, cuz you ain't gon need no suga." lol, she was surely right. The best time to go is on an average weekday, especially if it is your first time because you don't want to wait in a long line for food that haven't even had yet. On average days the wait is probably 5 to 10 mins to be seated. On Mother's Day I waited probably an hour (my first time). Both times the staff was extremely kind and the owner greeted me, checked on food, and checked when we left.Because the food was so good and staff was so kind, I believe this place is really as good as it gets.Went back for seconds this past weekend and was impressed again. The Wings and Waffle is so good - the chicken is perfect and the waffle doesn't disappoint either. We got here a little later this time (~9:45AM) and waited for about an hour before we finally got to sit down. However, they have some nice canopies up to block the sun and the line moves relatively quickly. Just a little warning to the late breakfast crowd (but don't let that stop you from visiting this place!).Believe me, I'm going to continue to bring my out-of-town guests to the Breakfast Klub without hesitation.I went to the this restaurant after a museum event with my friend because she had never been and heard good things about it.  Totally overrated in my opinion.  My friend asked for toast and she never received it and when we asked we got attitude from the  staff member.  Then when it was finally brought out by another staff member "who's this toast for" and just dropped the plate on the table.  I will NEVER spend another thin dime at this establishment much less wait in line to go in there.  It's not that good...The wings and waffle were to die for!! The wings were perfectly seasonsed and very flavorful. My mom even said the wings were good, and she hardly ever eats wings. So that says a lot!Thanks to the other reviews, I knew there would be a line, so no surprise there. But the line moved very quickly. And the food came out as soon as we picked a table and got situated. My dad is a carnivore, so we ordered him the porkchops. One grilled and one fried. He did say that it was a bit dry though. So next time, he's sticking to the chicken and waffles . Too bad this place is only open till 2pm. Can't wait to go back!It's Good Friday...is there a better way to enjoy breakfast today than catfish and grits? The answer is no. Sitting there enjoying every last bite while Gospel music plays over the speakers. Good times.The catfish and chicken wings are what they are famous for and that's for good reason. Both use the same thick coating that is borderline addictive. Both may sound odd choices for early in the morning but they're delicious so who cares.My favorite thing about the place is the employees though. I've never seen a group of people that seem to enjoy their their jobs as at the Breakfast Klub. It's almost always the same lady greeter at the door and she has the biggest smile for everybody coming in. Everyone is so helpful pointing out where the utensils, condiments, drinks, and everything else is and they do it with smiles on their faces. It truly is a family atmosphere, like you're eating in their own kitchen at home.You can never go wrong with Chicken n' waffles :DWe came here a couple months ago, first in line about 7am in the morning with the staff cheering with great enuthiasam and spunk!The food is exceptionally perfect!Wings and waffles are pretty good. Staff is attentive. Just make sure you get there early or the line will start wrapping around the building.This seems to be a Houston must-do, but I don't understand the clamor about this place.  It is expensive and the food is not good.  At all.  My kids had pancakes, I had the eggs benedict.  It was simply not good.  Pancakes tasted like they were from a box mix and the ham on the EB was terrible.  Save yourself the time and money and go somewhere else.  Pros: the staff were friendly(My fiancee made me write this part: as I'm a vegetarian, I can't eat the catfish or chicken, two things they're known for. The catfish looked really good tho. Ya happy Danielle? ;) I really, really didn't want to give this place three stars: everyone I know has raved about the place. But I have to, and here's why...It wasn't because of the long, long line: I was prepared for the forty-minute wait outside. The line snaked around the parking lot out front, but the canopies and ice water helped (though I wasn't too hungry after drinking about a liter of water!). We were given menus while we waited: because you order and pay when you walk in the door, it was helpful. Eventually we made it in, ordered, and received our coffee cups: it's mostly a self-serve place. We stood in line to make it to the coffee urns, then to the silverware and condiment station. We were then seated, and almost immediately the food came out.The food was good: the pan-fried potatoes were especially so. But it was otherwise nothing special, and it certainly wasn't worth the line, the slightly-higher-than-normal prices or the rushed atmosphere of the place (maybe it's just me, but I like to linger and talk and chill over Sunday morning breakfast, ya know?). So yeah, it was good, but nothing I would go out of my way for.I've been in Houston for 27 years and never ate at The Breakfast Klub (before my first time this year). For years I have been hearing stories of how great this place and how awesome the food is so you can imagine how built up my anticipation for dinning at the Breakfast Klub was. When I finally got to try it with some friends it was so not what I expected. There was no where to park so I had to pay to park at a nearby lot. We had to wait in line (outside and inside) for an hour. When we finally did get to order and get a table (this place is small and packed) the food was actually pretty good, I just don't think it was worth what they charged for it and whatever you do please don't get the lemonade unless you enjoy extremely sugary drinks. Overall the food and service was fair.This might have been the friendliest place I have ever eat at.I'm vegetarian so I had banana pancakes -- it was awesome.  Tasted really fresh and highly recommend them.Wish a place as cool as this where I live.  This is the best place for breakfest hands down.When I first heard "Chicken & Waffles" my first impression was this has to be some kind of urban legend lol. But oh no baby... it is REAL! Amazing food. Clearly not for everyone but can't knock it til you try it. Great place to take visitors.I could always understand the concept of chicken and waffles for breakfast. However, the real stand out (food-wise) at The Breakfast Klub are its starches: the waffles & the french toast. I don't want to be blasphemous or anything but the chicken wings were very similar to Hooters wings, and the sausage patties were not that great. However, I'll take the french toast and their hot syrup any morning. Another thing I really loved about the place is the service. Talk about morning people. Very energetic, friendly, and helpful. I think this is a great place to start your morning off as long as you are prepared for a heavy breakfast.I really really REALLY wish that we could beam this place to Dallas!!!! THIS IS WHAT CHICKEN AND WAFFLES SHOULD BE.....do I need to repeat that for you??? THIS IS WHAT CHICKEN AND WAFFLES SHOULD BE!!!! My waffle was plate size and fluffy....I had 6 chicken wings that made me want to slap...well, my momma. Yum!!! Crispy, seasoned the right way and hot. OMGah...I am so glad that on our exit out of H-town this dreary weekend we decided to go eat breakfast here. I was SOOOOOOOO surprised. I shouldn've been though, I have heard this place was good since a long time ago......wayyyyyy back. We were greeted by a funny woman, I forget her name, who told us how to place our order, and provided us with some much needed morning chuckles. She was sweet as pie.....You order your food at the counter, they give you a number, and it's self serve for your drinks, condiments, and silverware, and seating is very numbered. By the time we left, which was around 11:45ish on a MONDAY....the line was out the door around the corner. Yeah. It's THAT GOOD.  I left loving Houston just a little bit more than I already did........keep it up Breakfast Klub.Fried chicken wings and waffles, how I love thee! We went there a couple days ago, and after I sunk my teeth into the crispy wing outside and juicy meat inside, I mentally kicked myself in the butt for waiting so long to come back again. Sure the line wraps around the building sometimes, but it's worth the wait! You know it's good when a place like this has been in business for a long time and people STILL will wait outside to dine on this delicious food! The line moves pretty quickly and once you order your food, it's out in like record time. Kudos to quick, quality service! Plus, it's so nice that even when you're outside standing in line, you're greeted with a warm smiling face asking how you are, if you've ever been here before, if you have any questions. The lady that greeted us this time was such a sweetheart and funny too!I'm sure everything on the menu is amazing, but if you've never had wings and waffles, it's a must-try-once-in-your-life meal. Whether you're like me and like to keep the salty and sweet separate (chicken w/ ketchup and waffle w/ syrup) or dare marry the two tastes together, TRY IT.Please do not come here to just order the standard eggs and toast with a side of bacon breakfast. Don't get me wrong it was very good, but it wouldn't be worth the wait. That being said, I absolutely love it not just for the food but for the overall feel of it. The local mom and pop joint that puts so much pride and heart into their business. To spare the rest of my family, I got there about 40 minutes prior to their arrival to hold a spot. The total wait was almost an hour long, and I think that is due to us going on New Year's Eve morning when a lot of people are off and in town wanting to try the infamous Breakfast Klub. That was our case anyhow. My sister is in town from San Fran and really wanted to give it a try. While in line, a very funny and sweet lady handed out menus and gave us more information of how to order inside. They also handed out free mimosas...yum. Order at the counter, pick up your silver and condiments, find a table, and within 5 minutes you'll have fresh hot food on the table. This is not a diet place so if you are on one, find another place. They love their butter here for sure and that is probably why their food is sooooo good. We had the breakfast special (eggs, toast or biskits, potatos or grits, and bakon), biskits and gravy, a side of grits, and of course the wings and waffles at our table. I had the wings and waffle. Good crunchy skin on the chicken, and juicy flavorful meat on the inside. The waffles were good, but after seeing the toast I will definitely substitute for french toast next time. Their popular dishes definitely lived up to the hype for me and the rest of my party. I think that what they have here is great and love that it's here in my hometown too. I will definitely be coming back for more yummy goodness.If you're going on the weekends,COME EARLY. If anything, THAT alone will save your life. If not, you're facing the chance of waiting in line for a couple of hours before getting in. But rest assured that anytime you spend waiting on a seat is going to be well deserved.It lives up to the hype. The Breakfast Klub has everyone from the average Joe to celebrities coming through.  And why? Because it's simply fantastic food for fantastic prices.  Also, the atmosphere is pleasant. Everyone has a smile on their face. During your wait outside, don't be surprised if you're kept in line with a few samples of food that they send out.We went for the Sunday breakfast and had your normal breakfast foods. Waffles, eggs, bacon, grits, breakfast potatoes plus some of their self-bottled sweet tea...by the time we were done, eyelids were lowered and heads were nodding.  And we hadn't even finished all the food. If you're in Houston, go.Not much really needs to be said about the Breakfast Klub. 1. It's a Houston institution.2. You will wait. Outside. For a while.3. It will be worth every single minute when you taste the wings and waffles. You really can't eat here all that often unless you want your cholesterol to skyrocket, but it's absolutely delicious and a can't-miss experience if you've never been. Service is great and you get to support a locally owned business with a nice, casual atmosphere.Before I moved to Houston, I read about The Breakfast Klub in a Houston magazine while staying at a local hotel.  I asked my friends if they had "ever heard of a place called The Breakfast Klub, but 'club' was spelled with a 'K'?"  They actually laughed at this question because not only have they heard of it, but it's supposedly one of Houston's best known morning eateries.  Believe it or not, it took me almost 6 months of living here to finally try it.  The one warning I had been given about The Breakfast Klub was the ridiculous line that wraps around the outside of the building.  In hopes of avoiding this, my boyfriend and I went on a Friday at around 9am.  Luckily, the line hadn't made it out the door yet and moved quickly.  We waited just a few minutes, ordered, and sat right down.Naturally I went with an omelet called The Meaty, which was full of sausage, ham, and bacon.  The dish was appropriately named and tasted mostly just like a giant medley of my favorite meats but with a little egg thrown in to hold it all together.  I got the potatoes on the side, which were delicious.  The whole thing was enormous and I could barely eat half of it.  Normally I never have a problem finishing an omelet, but this was unusually large.  I thought maybe next time I might order it with egg whites, in hopes that it wouldn't feel quite as heavy.  On our way out, I noticed the line had (just as I had been warned) started to wrap around the side of the building.  Yikes!  Even though I loved my food, I don't think I'll be a regular at The Breakfast Klub, mostly because of the lack of parking and long line.  Either way, I'm glad I finally got around to trying it and will look back on my massive, meaty omelet fondly.Why 5 stars?  Because it was a phenomenal experience all-around.   ---   ---   ---I knew this was going to be a good time when I saw the line wrapped around the building.  It wasn't too long of a wait (about 30 minutes) for what we were about to enjoy.While in line, we were greeted by an employee walking around and entertaining those waiting to get in.  She was so happy and sweet, you would have thought she had just won the Powerball.  The happiness did not stop there.  Every employee that we came across at The Breakfast Klub seemed genuinely thrilled to have us sharing their air space.As for the food, I had the best Chicken and Waffles I've ever had.  Since discovering this dish, I have ordered it anytime I see it on the menu.  I've had some pretty good C&W in Florida, but none tops what The Breakfast Klub is serving.  The chicken was incredibly fresh and meaty.I can't imagine that there's a better breakfast stop in Houston if you have the time to spare for a possible line to get in.Still very good, but becoming a tad overrated IMO. The wings have noticeably shrank in size over the last couple years, but still as tasty as ever. We're in a recession still, I suppose. I would KILL or at least severely MAIM to know their secret fry mix. The catfish n' grits was a bit of a miss to me: grits were a little too runny and bland and catfish is catfish; pretty hard to screw it up. I really enjoyed the special dish they ran one day. I believe it was crawfish ettoufe (sp?) over rice + catfish + TEXAS TOAST. A man's meal. Lunch time rush seems to have died down a bit since we had a less than 10 min wait before ordering. They get their fair share of celebrities here as well. I believe just the other day, Manny Pacquiao (or perhaps a good-looking lookalike) graced the establishment with his presence, and immediately was recognized by one of the staff. Unfortunately he didn't think to take a picture with me, I mean Manny.We waited for an hour which was ok, I like to wait for things that are worth it. The chicken wings were great, but other items (waffles, eggs, sausages) were average. Overall, the experience of waiting in line with a bunch of other people was fun,  but I would like to try other well-known breakfast/ brunch places.When I came to Houston I wanted to come home with something to yelp about. And this town was full of stars.The breakfast klub is obviously a local must, but don't let the line detour you. We were in line for about an hour, but they helped pass the time with friendly jibes about my Lions jersey, and free coffee. After we got in the ordering to eating to out the door process took just 30 minutes. Rachel K. and I decided to split the chicken & waffles and the catfish & grits. Due to a bit of a mix up the food didn't come at the same time, which was actually perfect for us. We got to eat one meal then wait for the second to come! A couple different servers noticed that we didn't have our chicken yet, and asked us about what we ordered maybe 3 times. While we were enjoying course 2, and a lady came by to apologize for our wait on the chicken. Her apology came with a $15.00 gift card! The food was all pretty good, not the best catfish or chicken/waffles I've ever had but the experience was worth it.  The staff gave great southern hospitality and the experience summed up Houston. *pro tip... make your line more fun w. booze OJ.The x and I used to go here when it first opened but word of mouth spread fast! Liked everyone say, the line move fast and tables were available. (of course this was 2 yrs ago) The staff is always friendly and the owner would go around greeting customers and asking how their food was etc. I would love to try other dishes but I just love love love their chicken and waffles (more so the chicken wings and lots of hot sauce).Fantastic chicken and waffles!  Food was served so quickly, I start to wonder if they just constantly make the 2 signature dishes nonstop (chicken & waffles and catfish & grits).  Didn't have a chance to try the other dishes, but I'm sure they are just as good.  Chicken & waffles is a novel concept and a common eatery theme on the west & east coast (ATL, Cali, etc), but not so much in Texas (yet).  Good :+ great food served quickly+ very nice service+ fair price(s)Meh :- get there early, it gets crowded quickly (and the line can snake around corners)- parking can be a challengeSeparately, I've had better chicken and better waffles (but not served together and not from the same restaurants).  If they could improve anything, it would be the variety of breadings and or waffles, much like the more famous Chicken & Waffle establishments on the east & west coast (similar to Roscoe's C&W from Cali or Knight-Winan C&W in the ATL).Worth the wait.Friendly staff, actually saw the owner Marcus walking around chatting up some of the customers. totally awesome!After hearing soo much buzz about this place, the bf and I decided to give it a try. We were warned that the line is ridiculous and to expect an hour wait at least, we got there around 12 on a Sunday and yep, long line. To our surprise, we did not wait very long and got seated pretty fast.Ordered the typical Wing & Waffle. The wing is packed with flavors and fried to perfection. Every bite is just as satisfying and mouth watering as the first. The waffle was not as enjoyable to me because I was beyond full after the wings but I did love how chewy the waffle is.The Breakfast Klub definitely lived up to all the hype and expectations that I had!Only downside...lots of calories...great food, goop prices, and friendly staffThe first thing anyone notices is the really long line outside. It does move at a decent pace, but be prepared for up to a half an hour wait. If there weren't a wait, this would be a four star rating but because there is always a line there. The food is always fresh and slightly overpriced. Their signature wings and waffles dish is delicious but for six wings and a waffle you would think it wouldn't cost $14. If you go with a group I would recommend trying this dish and sharing it with everyone, because the wings are well seasoned and cooked well but it's not like you can't a good chicken wing from most anywhere else.The service is fast and stellar but it is overpriced I'm general and the lines can be annoying. Worth the wait for a try but would not come back regularly.Happy eating to you!This is a place to feed your mind, body and spirit. From the music, to the art, to the smiling faces and wonderful, plentiful food, there is no way you can come out of the Breakfast Klub but better and maybe slightly heavier.The line outside the door is definitely worth the short wait. My most recent visit was on a Saturday morning and although it was drizzling outside, faithful customers stood outside for the wait.Strong points include the following: wonderful friendly service, FABULOUS wings and waffle ;-), great grits, terrific ambience and just all around good time!Their specialty would definitely have to be the wings and waffles. The chicken wings are definitely seasoned to perfection but NOT overseasoned or too salty. The grits are so great that you don't have to add salt, pepper OR butter. I have never tasted grits at an establishment where this is possible.Two thumbs up for the Breakfast Club! I will definitely recommend it for anyone who wants some down home cooking.I am one of those ketchup people. You know the ones who put ketchup on everything? I even eat my scrambled eggs with ketchup. But when I went to The Breakfast Klub this morning, I never expected the catfish to be so delicious and perfectly seasoned that to allow a single drop of ketchup to touch it would be blasphemy. My husband ordered the wings and waffle, with a side of over medium eggs. We both agreed that this place can do eggs! He said his over mediums were exactly right, and my scrambled eggs were, too. Now, although the grits and biscuits that came with my catfish were just as much something to write home about, I vowed that I would finish every bite of that catfish. My husband helped. In fact, there was so much food between the two of us, I said, "We won't have to eat again till 6:00 tonight!" We left the place happy and in a daze from how awesome our experience was. Aside from the food, the pace of the place and the friendly staff are a huge plus. You know when you go to a place and you get the feeling that everyone there genuinely loves their job? Doesn't happen often, but that's how we felt here. The owner was there, too, smiling. He even dropped off my husband's waffle.I suppose it's my first time at this place because every time we've driven by there's always been a line, but don't let the line fool you. We did wait outside for awhile, but let me tell you: by the time we ordered, filled our coffee cups, and grabbed a table, some ketchup, silverware, and syrup, our food was delivered. Great timing!The Verdict: if you haven't been there already, you don't know what you're missing. Be sure to get one of their specialties: catfish, wings, or a waffle.I heard alot of hype about this place... I am pleased to say that it lived up to every bit of it. I generally hate waiting in long lines but since I thought this was part of the meal experience I thought it was kinda cool. It was like we were exclusive! Lol.... Anyways, I tried the Catfish and Chips...and I took some home. It was filling.... and well I'd go back. I think owner even came by and said hello which made for the experience. It was kinda pricey though.. nearly 20 for a meal... hmmm.. it was lunch... gosh!A Houston institution which knows it can get away with charging as much as it does.  The food is decent but will run you about $15/person which is a little more than i prefer to spend on a diner style pancake breakfast.   The staff is very friendly and does a good job moving the long line.  No air conditioning may dissuade some people.You should definitely check this place out. Breakfast Klub is located in downtown. It's in a pretty shabby neighborhood, but don't let that fool you. First thing you have to know is, GET THERE EARLY. This place gets packed fast and their parking lot is small. If you don't, then expect to be waiting outside the restaurant. Once you manage to get into the joint and reach the cash register, that is where you order. I highly recommend their chicken and waffles or with french toast. That's what the place is known for. Their sweet tea and lemonade is delicious, however the size is pretty small for the drink and you don't get free refills. It's also pretty expensive. Now for the food. The chicken here is just mouth watering. When it arrives at your table, it is smoking hot and seasoned well plus extra crunchy! Combine that with waffles or french toast and you say hello to a happy stomach. I feel that the price fit the quality of the food. Breakfast Klub isn't going to be cheap like say waffle house or IHOP but it is definitely worth it!The interior has a very cajun and jazzy feel. + There's a self serving table to get extra condiments just in case you're one of those people like me who drench everything in syrup ;)I've been here twice before and never understood why it was so popular, even after trying the wings and waffle.  But something happened my last visit and now I am hooked!  We ordered the wings and waffle, and wings and grits.  The wings were piping hot, crispy, and nicely seasoned.  I kept swiping them into a little syrup for the salty/sweet combination that hits the spot.   I've only recently discovered grits and I loved the texture and buttery flavor of the grits here - none of that watery mush here.  For such long lines out the door, there is still a quick turnover of tables so that you can find a table.  I liked that the front staff wasn't rude and we weren't treated any differently for using a Voice Daily Deal the way some places might.  They just wrote the name and number down and treated us like regulars.  For that type of customer treatment (and the wings and grits), I will be coming back more often!I have visited The Breakfast Klub on many occasions.  Everytime, there is a line out the door but it does move quickly.  The hostess is always very friendly and walks the line, handing out menus and greeting customers.  Once you arrive to the counter it's very quick and hurried so you better know what you're ordering!  I have had the chicken and waffles which are FABULOUS!   The wings are not greasy, they're the perfect season & crispiness.  The waffles are nice and fluffy.  I usually can polish off all the wings but not the waffle.  Their sweet tea is really, really, really sweet but it's like crack so therefore I'm addicted.  In the hustle and bustle of activity, I'm always greeted by the manager and checked on frequently by the staff throughout my meal.I was visiting for a wedding and was with a group of friends that had heard this place had some good chicken and waffles from some yelp reviews.  I have never had chicken and waffles together, so I'd thought I'd give it a try.  It was our last day in TX and we were in the mood for some good food anyways.  We went to the right place!Even though, this was my first time I've eaten chicken and waffles, I have to say I wish it was the only chicken and waffles I ever eat going forward.  I know it did take a while until we got seated since the line was along the building and then started wrapping around the corner.  It was well worth the wait.  The chicken was perfectly cook, nice and juicy and the waffle was fluffy, but had a nice crispy outside with plenty of pockets to hold the syrup and touch of butter. I've tried to see if I could find a temporary replacement up in the Northeast, but have yet to find a comparable match to the chicken and waffles here.  I'd definitely hit up this place the next time I'm back.  Until then...I'm normally not a fan of caloric southern breakfast cuisine and long lines in the rain, but this place is my one exception because of the friendly service and yummy food.  We enjoyed how easy the staff accommodated our requests and dealt with changes.  People even walked around the tables to greet the regulars and newbies.  Other customers even seemed super friendly.  It just makes my heart happy.Now about the food.  My dad ordered the famous chicken and waffles.  The wings were so good that we had to order some "to-go".  How do you make fried chicken that good?  My mom and I ordered the catfish and grits.  To ease our health conscious minds, my mom and I had dry grits (without the scoop of butter) and grilled catfish.  This is my favorite breakfast...yum yum yum.  This, too, makes my heart happy. Definitely try the Breakfast Klub!I enjoyed eating here because we went very early on a weekday morning, and there was no line.  (I read that lines are sometimes around the building.)I think that this place is probably popular because of its atmosphere rather than because of its greasy, mediocre food.  It does have cool art on the wall, and the staff is super-friendly and fun.  I am giving it three stars instead of two only because of the staff.In short: if you get really drunk on a weeknight and are still awake at 7:00 a.m., go here by all means.  It's a pleasant greasy spoon with pretentions of authentic down-home cooking appealing to the hipster set.  If you're looking for a nice, greasy breakfast place to eat and hang out with friends on a weekend, I'm sure that there are plenty of options with equally tasty food that do not require a 40 minute wait.  IHOP comes to mind.There's something special about the fried chicken in the south...I can't name the crack they put in it, but it always turn out juicy with a non-oily, clean crisp! Locals don't lie when they say there's always a line, so come early and try to avoid weekends if you can. One of the waitresses there said that Monday-Thursday is the best time to go. Although the line averages a 30 minute wait, you get your food within five minutes of ordering it. Based on another yelp review, they said to park at the first parking lot on the right after you make a right onto Alabama St. from Main St, but i'm going to correct that. That parking lot turns out to be a "valet parking lot" even though its clearly a public lot. So, keep going straight after you've made a right turn onto Alabama St. from Main St. and park in the lot on the corner of Alabama St. and Travis St. The parking lot is right in front entrance of the breakfast klub. Or, if you can't find parking in this lot since its really small, park in the public parking lot across Alabama St. It's $1, which you slide into a small slot of a metal cabinet, talk about ghetto or outdated! There's really no way of checking that you've paid for your parking spot...I ordered the wings and waffle. Mm MM Mm mm MM! six wings and waffle with all the self serve homemade hot syrup you can get! Waffles are okay by themselves, it's not crispy, but not soggy. But they go really well with the wings and syrup. If the waffles were crispy, then I think they would overpower the clean crispiness of the fried chicken so I didn't mind that the waffle wasn't crispy. If you absolutely loved the waffle, you can take it home for a single payment of $5.99! (they sell boxes of their own waffle mix!) BUT WAIT! If you order now, you can get another box of waffle mix for another $5.99!!! so ORDER NOW!Driving by this past, I always dread going because the lines were always so long! However, a friend informed me that it's pretty quick. Hmm, I guess I should've asked what pretty quick meant, because I think we waited for about 20-30min and we were on the side of the front door! (We got there around 9am.)Was it worth the wait? Yes. Would I wait again? Probably not.Of course, we had to try their famous dishes - the catfish and grits and chicken and waffles. Catfish was yummy... a bit salty, but the grits offset it a little bit. My daughter loved it.For the fried chicken, I was worried about eating greasy fried foods in the morning, but the chicken was not greasy at all. The chicken was flavorful and the thought of eating fried chicken with syrup was absurb to me, but I was wrong! (Mind you, Ive never been a fan of a lot of syrup in the first place.)The Breakfast Klub is like a tourist attraction. You have to go at least once. I mean, ask the South Carolina-ers that were waiting in line behind me.3.5*I got what everyone else gets their first time, the chicken and waffles. I thought they were good, but not amazing. Glad I got to try them, but I wouldn't wait outside in the cold for them  (again).I did enjoy myself once I stood in line for a long time.  the food was good, but it is a little over rated.  I will go again, but wouldn't really want to standSupply and demand in full effect.  These guys seem to have let the good reviews go to their head (and pocket) a bit.  All the stuff you have read is true; the waffles and chicken ARE very good, but for the price? meh.  I understand that you have to ride the lightning, but for us, it's the type of situation where we have eaten there, checked it off our list, and more than likely won't be back, unless we have weekend guests who need a taste of a Houston original for FB photo op purposes.I agree with the Yelpers who said that this place, while it has great service, has just so-so food.  The portions were huge, but I really didn't want to eat any of it.  I ordered pancakes, sausage, and eggs.  The pancakes were massive, but just had no taste and were SUPER dry.  I had some hot chocolate that was so sweet that I could not even drink it.I don't understand why the line is so long, unless good service is really hard to come by in Houston.The prices are pretty up there for breakfast food too.  I won't be returning.This place is perfect all the way up until you see the price. It's breakfast food, each entree is roughly 15 or more. I can drink water, but I like coffee or some orange juice from times, especially if I'm going out and splurging a tiny but. I'm always down to go eat here but for a frugal person like me, this is not the place to eat breakfast or brunch. I like to stretch my dolla dolla bills. Other than the price, the chicken wings and waffles are the bomb.comNot much else to add onto everyone else.  This is a great place to take out of towners to.  The chicken and waffles are amazing.  It's the only thing i get.make your way there during a weekday to avoid the long lines but if you only have a weekend available, make it before they open up so that you don't have to wait a long time.The Best Breakfast Ever.. love this placeFood never disappoints the ONLY grits i've ever ordered that didn't need any seasoning to be added. The line is long but moves fast. I love the place and love the fact that the owners truly connect with their customers. I didn't come for 6 months and the lady asked me how was my work overseas going when I came back. WHO DOES THAT? Just shows they actually care about their customers. Will be back and will keep bringing friends.Holy Guacamole. I've died and gone straight to heaven. Buttery heaven.My friends and I had a 4 hr lay-over at the Houston International Airport and spent approximately $100 for a cab ride to the Breakfast Klub. Best decision of my life. Knowing that we would be prancing around in our teeny bikinis on the beaches of Costa Rica in a couple of hours, we ordered everything that was fried and heavy on the menu. We had their signature chicken and waffles, grilled cheese sandwich, and cheese grits. The chicken and waffles were excellent. The chicken was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, just the way I like it. The grilled cheese came on texas toast and it was so rich and so perfect. And the cheese grits was swimming in butter, it was delicious. If you're looking for good southern food and warm hospitality, definitely check out the Breakfast Klub.What a gem.  This place is finally open on Sundays!I came around 9 on a Sunday and had very little wait.  Everyone who works there gives great customer service and is friendly.  As for the food, the waffles were cooked perfectly, and the wings had great seasoning.  They also aren't stingy with their portions either.  Their side of fruit was pretty generous.  Their espresso drinks were a little on the sweet side, but I'll just order a regular coffee next time.It seems like if you get there before 10, you can avoid a lengthy wait.I LOVE The Breakfast Klub! Every time I ago I am greeted by warm, friendly smiling faces. I have never had a bad experience here. Yes, you sometimes have to endure standing in a long line to get in, but YES the food is worth & service are worth the wait. My all time favorite is their Katfish & Grits. I like to get mine with a side of biscuits & gravy. Needless to say I do not eat here every week, the food is good but definitely in moderation! Also their portions are very "Texas-Sized" so there's normally a good amount left over, at least for me.Whether you're just passing through Houston, or you're a native Houstonian, taking a trip here is definitely worth your time & your dime! I make it a point to bring any of my friends from out of town here & they always leave very satisfied.The Breakfast Klub is one of the most hyped restaurants in Houston, and if you get the chicken wings you'll understand why.  Their Wings and Waffles is their signature menu item, but it's really the wings that carries that dish.  The waffle is par - it doesn't suck but there's nothing special about it.  But the wings....ooooWweeee the wings are OFF....THE....CHAIN!I like to swap out French Toast instead of the waffle.  If you must try something other than the wings I highly recommend the fried pork chops.Don't fret the line. It was less than 30 minutes at 8:15 on a Saturday. I've stood in traffic on the 290 for longer. The staff is as engaging and helpful as any you'll find. The place is very clean, well organized and stocked. The food was fresh, perfectly cooked, tasty and nicely presented. Good portion sizes to have a hearty breakfast but not so stuffed you'll need to avoid eating the rest of the weekend. If you're like me and detest going to chains and multi site restaurants - if you want to find the unique one off type places with some character, then add this to your list in Houston.Does BK need another review? I've been multiple times this is my first review. everything I've had I enjoyed fish, chicken, grits and biscuits are so perfect. Home made lemonade is golden in this summer heat. The hostess is hilarious ... A must visit. I'd suggest during the week thoughI love their wings and waffles (that's what their famous for) but I recently got a biscuit and gravy oh my goodness the gravy was so good I just wanted to drink it straight from the cup! The only downside is the line. If you go during the weekend, good luck! During the week is the best time to go. No line and quick service.The best place to eat breakfast! The wings were so juuuiiiicyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy and full of flavor. Yum.** Drooling **Back to the review:+ Staff was super nice and made the experience enjoyable.+ I was a grits virgin. I lost it my g card here.+ Eggs benedict: f-ing good! i'm a big benedict-er so this is #2 out of my top 5.+ Very efficiently run. Due to the long lines, it surprisingly moves very fast. I think its due to the the fact that you pay when you order. it saves so much time and you don't have to worry about who fights over the bill!This place runs like a well-oiled machine.  The wait is not that bad!!  As you near the front of the line, you're handed menus, so you can figure out what to order before you get to the cashier.  On extremely busy days, someone asks how many are in your party and then reserves a table for you.  It's awesome!  No awkward waiting around for people to finish eating, so you can snag their table!I don't eat fried chicken for a number of reasons, so I was skeptical of this wings and waffles concept, but I LOVED the fried chicken here!  It's perfectly seasoned and comes out piping hot.  There is something about the combination of sweet from the waffles and salty from the wings.  Droooool...I hope The Breakfast Klub stays around for years to come!Forgot to tip them! Food was good, and I got there with almost no line. Had chicken and waffles. Never had chicken and waffles before, but it's pretty much what I imagined it would be like. But yeah, I am giving it a great review because the chicken was good, the place has good menu items, and I guess I feel cool going there ;) ;) The waitress/host lady was very nice.I like how they spell everything that should be spelled with a C with a K. Very clever.We weren't feeling particularly adventurous, so we stuck to traditional breakfast items. My breakfast combo featured very good homemade sausage, awesome home fried potatoes, and the most wonderful grilled sourdough toast imaginable - alas, only one slice - still it was great. The combo's only minor letdown was my over easy eggs, they were over and easy and all, but they were a bit small as eggs go. David went for a combo with french toast, scrambled eggs and sausage. The french toast was five stars, perfectly grilled with a hint of cinammon (I got to try it and can confirm it was first-rate). The real bummer of the meal was David's scrambled eggs which were undercooked to the point of being off-putting.Despite the flaws we were impressed by much of the food, and the wonderful, friendly service. We'll certainly try it again sometime when we're up for chicken, which looked wonderful.Love BK! Great food, staff is always making me laugh and I like the fact that the owner is normally present and thanks you for coming. Did I say the food is Great. Katfish, grits, waffles are all winners. Haven't explored anything else on the meal because those are my faves! The line isn't always fun but go with a group and time will pass real fast! After writing this review....I'm thinking abt going tomorrow. YAYCome here early because the line will be long like down the block long.  It's worth the wait thousand the line moves at a steady pace. This is a Houston institution. They serve arguably the best wings and waffles around. The chicken with its light breading is so juicy and tender. It's really quite a feat since the pieces aren't that big. The waffle is crisp on the outside and light and airy on the inside. Perfection. Add some syrup and hot sauce and you have a breakfast that if fit for a king. It's worth coming for the food alone but the environment is great too. The service is fast and friendly. They have music blasting over the speakers so it's just a very fun time. Breakfast Klub is where it's at. If you haven't been yet, stop reading reviews and just go already. But don't just take my word for it, you got 400+ yelpers saying the same thing. If that wasn't enough, Beyonce and the Jigga Man himself eat here too so you know it's legit!OVERRATED! This is a place to go be seen, not eat. The last thing I want to do on a Saturday ( or any day for that matter) is spend up to an hour in line waiting for mediocre breakfast food. There was nothing special about the food. Go buy yourself an Eggo and some Frenchies Fried Chicken and you eat it at home. You will enjoy an extra hour of your life on your day off.Amazing food, very long line on sunday mornings, however it moves quickly. somewhat pricy for breakfast but nothing overboard.Heaven on earth. My boyfriend and I arrived at a fairly busy time, but two hours well before they were set to close. There was a line to get into this wonderful establishment, but the hour wait was well worth it. What can I say? The staff was more than hospitable, just like southern folks are, and were the most cheery group of people I've ever met that loved what they're doing. It was my first time here but definitely not my last. Like ever. I came here for the famous chicken and waffles. AND OMG. IT WAS LIKE I DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN. Buttery golden,fluffy waffles, accompanied with cooked to perfection crisp wings. Mmmmm. BEST WINGS I'VE EVER HAD. Just getting hungry all over again thinking about it. Service was impeccable, very rare for a small restaurant. I cannot wait to return.It took some self-convincing to get me to have chicken wings and waffles in the same meal.  Was absolutely delicious, the chicken was seasoned well and the waffle was a stellar example of the breed.I have also enjoyed the other menu items.  The portions and makeup of most dishes make it not an everyday option.  But for a darn the waistline full-speed ahead breakfast that will make lunch unnessasary, I heartily recommend The Breakfast Klub.what can I say that others have not I guess this review is for the handful of ppl who have yet to stop by. Yes believe it or not there are some ppl who have yet to try this wonderful place. If you never tried chicken and waffles and you watch foodnetwork and you think how does that work come here and you'll see how the chicken and waffles create a perfect marriage. Try the catfish and grits and this is no intant grits either I like to add bacon and cheese. (FATTY LOL) Or if you want a true "trucker" breakfast and actually be good get the porkchops and eggs. man oh man it is great The portions are huge so share a plate or take the other half home. On the weekends they only sell breakfast till 2pm and don't let the line scare you it moves pretty fast and they have free coffee while you wait. When you go make sure you know what you want for faster service and so others don't have to wait, this place is so good it will make you "SLAP YO MAMA"Best place in Houston for chicken and waffles!  The catfish and grits, their other signature dish is good, but I think I'd rather get 2 orders of wings and waffles instead.  I also highly recommend the biscuits and gravy.  Little bits of meat with the creamy gravy make it a hard to breathe after stuffing my face with the wings and waffles.Get ready for a little wait, that's all I have to say! People are always lined up outside for breakfast during the morning. The service is quick so the wait won't be long at all. That's the thing, the employees are such in a hurry to serve you--they kind of forget their manners. My friend's cashier was really nice-- mine on the side, I wish I could say the same. But it's okay. I came for the food, not the food :) My friend had the waffles, eggs and sausage and I had the Wings & Waffles. We both enjoyed our food & the waiter was so nice!Labor Day Weekend Mission: Accomplished. I have wanted to try this place for a while now and on Saturday I decided to brave the 45 minute line to experience the hype of The Breakfast Klub. The wait isn't so bad, they offer plenty of water and there are canopied tents outside of the restaurant. The wait staff also comes through with menus and plates of the daily special so that everyone is ready to order by the time you make it in the door. We went with the french toast and the veggie omelet: yesssss. And what do they put in their potatoes? They were delicious. A little bit spicy & cooked just right. Aside from the food, the atmosphere is awesome. Not too big, not too small. Also the owner of this place walks around and really takes notice to make sure everyone is having a good meal. There isn't much more to say about this place because it speaks for itself- if you're in Houston, you need to try it.Expensive, $15 for chicken & waffles $4 bottle orange juice, and still don't compare to roscoes since I am from California. Although very great service and staff extremely friendlyConsistently good food!!3 words. Chicken and Waffles!The line is crazy long but totally worth the wait. Service is super friendly. I can't wait to go back!Fun little place. I have been hearing about it for so long, I figured I'd finally check it out.I had the waffle & wings. The waffle was soft and fluffy and wonderful with extra fresh strawberries. The wings were delicious and crispy and just perfect with a dash or two of Tabasco.Pointers:Do not go if you are in a rush. You will wait in line.Go in a good mood. This is a friendly place.Order a chocolate milk. It's delish.I really like the wings here. My husband usually gets the pork chops. The first time he had them, he used a fork and knife until Marcus came by and told him he had to eat it with his hands. That made him like them even more. Sure the prices are a little high and there is always a wait, but the line just means that the food is good. Don't plan too much for the rest of your day afterwards though, I normally need a nap after The Breakfast Klub.I gotta say, I love this place.  Its down home comfort food and its quickly earning a spot on my gotta-have-it-monthly list.I came here on a Friday morning with my wife.  Although the line was long, it moves pretty fast.  I had the Wings and Grits with a Kafe au lait and my wife had the Chicken and waffles with the Rasberry White Chocolate Mocha.The chicken was one of the best fried chicken I've had.  And the grits were buttery and had a nice consistency.  It wasn't too thick nor too watery. I had some of my wife's waffle, which wasn't the best waffle I ever had but it was pretty good.My Kafe au lait was excellent.  The coffee they used was brewed just right and didn't need any sugar.  My wife's Rasberry White Chocolate Mocha was amazing.  However, I must warn you if you're diabetic or don't have much of a sweet tooth it might be a bit much for you.I enjoyed my experience at The Breakfast Klub and am looking forward to my next visit.Best chicken and waffles I've ever had, including my first chicken and waffles experience at Roscoe's in LA. Great food, great service. I couldn't ask for a more comforting and friendly environment and staff.The wings are battered and seasoned nicely, and the waffles are fluffy and delicious. I also enjoyed their side of potatoes. Their French toast isn't bad either, but I don't think I'll ever go there again without ordering their wings and waffles.  While you're waiting, help yourself to a side of warm syrup. Yummmm!! Worth every penny, but don't plan on doing much exercise afterwards! The worst part is the wait, but you'll see that once you order and sit down, the wait for your food is not long at all! They are really fast. It's just that there are so many people that go that it takes a while to be seated, so if you can, go early or during unpopular hours. There is a reason why the wait is usually so long, but if you grab a couple of friends and enjoy the free water and/or coffee outside, it's not that bad. The first time I was there standing in line waiting, one of the workers came up to me and handed me a menu. She asked if I'd ever been. I told her I hadn't, and she gave me a great, big hug! She was so sweet! Free hugs, delicious food, and a very welcome environment.. easily my favorite breakfast spot in Houston!I went here for the first time last weekend and I will definitely be back again.  I had their signature dish, the "wings and waffles."  I haven't stopped thinking about them since!  The wings were juicy and seasoned perfectly to complement the pancake syrup.  The waffles were light and fluffy.  Mmm... I want some right now!And if you show up for breakfast on the weekend, don't be scared by the line all the way around the corner.  I can attest that: yes, it is worth the wait.  I can't wait to go back again!Seems a lot of people had said there was no outdoor seating, but we sat outside (there were only four tables).  It was a great day for it too.U have to understand where I am coming from on this.  I spent a good chunk of time my last semester in school trying to find good places to eat in Houston.  It was the only way to stay awake through half of those classes, especially knowing they don't count.So, I come to Houston, thinking I know all about the local food scene, and Breakfast Klub is NOT on the list.  I get taken here with work, and WOW, all of a sudden I get hit with two realities.  1) This place is amazing.  2) My list must be way off if I missed a place like this.The food, as it appears on the menu, is nothing special.  Its basic southern staples.  But the genius here is in the execution.  The grits they have the perfect texture, and easily a pound of butter per square inch.  The fish is like nothing I have ever had.  Every special I try is perfect.I'm mad that I made the mistake of passing over this place when trying to find Houston's best establishments.  Don't make the same mistake, get over to this place ASAP.Odd little brunch place... the food is served on plastic dishes, and everyone drinks out of styrofoam cups.  It's really really odd, yet the food is amazing. When you walk in,  you wait in a line and then order when you enter. It's practically a self-serve restaurant. French toast is the best French toast that I've ever tasted. They have fried chicken and waffles!! I haven't seen that since I was in California! Their coffee is really good too. The walls features art from local artists and has a vintage type of atmosphere. I wouldn't recommend bringing large groups of people since the place doesn't look very accommodating. Pros: great foodCons:  have to wait in a long line, food is served on plastic plates, drink from styrofoam cups or bottled juice.We were in Houston on a business trip and met up with some friends who insisted on going to this joint.  Upon arriving and seeing a line with about 50 people in it, I didn't think any place was that good...boy was I wrong.  Just a note, the line actually got longer as we waited but it moved fairly quickly.  It was about a 30 minute wait.  The employees at this place make your wait feels much shorter than it really is.  They bring you menus so you know what to order by the time you get there; this probably helps with the turnover as well I'm sure.  When  you get to the front of the line, you order what you want and are given a number to place on your table. The employees there will help you find a table to meet your party's needs.  Upon receiving the menu, since we were tourist, we got what BK is known for....wings and waffles.  Mind you, everything else on the menu looks delicious delicious as well.  The order is a large Belgian waffle with six wings.  The order came out before we could finish grabbing our utensils and other necessities. The waffle itself was a taste of heaven after we put on the butter and hot maple syrup.  Crispy on the outside but warm and soft on the inside.  The wings were the best I've ever had.  Extra crispy but not hard and very moist and flavorful.I must give a hand to the owner and staff who are very friendly and makes everyone feel welcomed here weather it is your first time or you are a regular.  Very enjoyable dining experience on top of the great food.At the end of the day, 30 minutes in 85 degrees was well worth it.  So good I had it again later in the week.I finally got a chance to check this place out, waited in line for about an hour but it was totally worth it.  The food was great, service was wonderful and I loved the down home southern feel to it.  Today was the big game and lots of burnt orange was spotted, the game was on.  The food came out really quickly I was not expecting that and this is the type of place where you eat and leave, not really an eat and hang out for an hour and talk kind of place.  Everyone around us seemed to be happily enjoying the atmosphere and food just as my table was.  Like the others mentioned, do get the waffles it was great!  I will definitely be back. Also my mom is from the west indies and I found it really cool that they cater for reggae hut.  It would be nice to find a restaurant that can make a caribbean/west indian curry well, most places here don't.  Sometimes I get tired of making my own Guyanese dishes so I look forward to checking out Regage Hut.Best chicken and waffles i've ever hadThe food is as good as everyone declares, and actually worth the long wait, as the line stretches around the block. However, I will only come once a year - any more and you will die of heart disease. Period.One outing at the Breakfast Klub and you better eat nothing but bran and cellulose for the next week as penance. If you think I'm kidding, I am not.Though I never ate here, I heard great things about it.BrendaOver hyped. I don't like over hyped places. It's not worth standing in line for. It's really not. The food is OK not great or just overly amazing. Don't really have much to say about the parking because it's downtown and you should expect close to bad parking.Chicken and grits are so good! My husband loves the chicken and waffles. Its a bit pricey for breakfast and lunch, we pay about 35-40 bucks for two entrees and two drinks. The food is very rich so we only go there about once or twice a year, anything more would be too much. It's a great place and worth the trek to downtown Houston.My ultimate guilty pleasure!Wings & Waffles, Egg Benedicts are to die for!! The quality of coffee is above average. Not to mention, staff are friendly and pleasant! The only thing to improve, if possible, is expand and repave parking area.GREAT PLACE! I love places with character, history, and good food. This place hits all the right spots. Nice cool Sat. morning in October, wait was about an hour, but moved fast and was pleasant. The place runs like a well oiled machine.  Staff is very helpful and friendly.  Grits!!!!! Eggs Benedict!!!! Coffee!!!! Wings and Waffles!!! Go and take your family and friends.Straight up, the best French Toast I've had in a long long time. It helps that there's probably a half pound of sugar on these bad boys (the carmelization gives it away), but its still damn good.First off, rolled up here on Friday around 11am, and i couldn't believe my eyes. The line was OUTSIDE, and WRAPPED around the side of the restaurant. Always a good sign. Ordered up french toast, scrambled eggs, pan fried sausage, and a hot coffee. Others at the table got fried chicken & waffles, and grits.The french toast, as mentioned before, caramelized perfectly. Sweet, soft, melting in the mouth, but not OVERLY sugary. Drizzle a little bit of the warm syrup they offer, and a bit of the butter and it literally is PERFECT. The pan fried sausage is delicious. Not too greasy, seasoned nicely, and just delicious. Like your favorite breakfast sausage only you don't feel like a heart attack after. Maybe its lean meat? Maybe its turkey sausage. Never found out.Eggs, pretty good. Coffee, pretty good. Everything was really really good. Everyone at the table like the chicken & waffles, especially the waffles. I'm not used to wings served with waffles (the Roscoe's and Lo-Lo's versions are usually breast/leg/wing combinations), but it works well because you can really have a fun meal with it. The grits were good, not great - probably something to do with the fact that the grits are coarsely cut, reminding me of instant grits. I like the watery fine grits with a ton of butter.Overall, this place is solid solid food.  The prices are great, the service is quick, self serving condiments and coffee is fun, and the food is delicious. Just add a few more registers or make the credit card system work faster, and you'll have a perfect restaurant. Doesn't matter though, the line outside already works itself.I honestly think I saw Rihanna on my way inside this joint.I ordered the Katfish and Grits and the Chicken and Waffles. Both are their most popular dishes. I liked how they were starred on the menu so it's easy to see. I like the atmosphere, service, and the furniture. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant ran efficiently. I liked how the staff asked how we were doing when they delivered the food to the table.I came at peak lunch time and got parking in the front and there was no line yet the restaurant was still busy.Best soul food I have ever had it my life. The sweet tea was a little too sweet for me but still worth a try--I think it was homemade.Definite gem in Houston.Finally set my alarm and made it out here for the legendary chicken and waffles and I must say, they are absolutely delicious! I was more impressed by the chicken: perfectly crispy/greasy while the waffle was a little too soft all the way around... but they did make up for it by putting this amazing little strawberry on top.Parking is scarce, the line is long, and the weather is Houston-y but they have a very friendly lady working the line and I never mind waiting for some good fried chicken.Service is top notch.  You feel like you just entered your family's dining area.The music is great.  Brought me back to the days when we had KFRC in San Francisco.  Motown Mondays. The service is great. The people are friendly. The food is just down right heart warming that if I could've eaten more I think I'd just eat my friend's plate and my plate and the neighbor's. It's that good. The chicken's crispy and super tasty waffles. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The line though was atrocious during the menu, but they do give you free coffee as you wait.Went here for breakfast the other morning and the line to get in to the restaurant was out the door and down the side of the building. Well worth the wait!!! They have green eggs and ham! The green is spinach in the eggs. I had catfish and eggs. My husband, pork chops an eggs and our friend, steak and eggs. All three were really good. The catfish was lightly breaded and meaty. Eggs were cooked perfectly which it's hard to get over medium right. The grits were the best!!! Biscuits cooked to perfection. Great food at good prices. Get there early but if u have to wait. It's well worth it! :0)I've been meaning to write this review for the better part of 2 years... There isn't much I can say that hasn't already been said, so I'll be brief.  Yes, everyone talks about the wings and waffles or katfish and grits. I've tried both and now? Wings and grits please.  And here's the method to my madness.  While hovering over the plate eating the succulent wings, all that crispy seasoned goodness is falling - back onto the plate - into the grits - which get mixed up by my spoon and promptly inhaled afterwards.  There it is. Yes the line is long, but it moves quickly and the service is always friendly and prompt.  Good people, good atmosphere, and of course, good food.  Go get in line :)I am salivating just thinking about this place. This place is sooooo good, they should make it a national chain (not!). First off this place is a 'seen and be seen' kinda establishment. I have seen some people in some serious attire here on a weekday morning (looked like they were going to church). Each and every time I've been here the line to get in was wrapped outside the building. (Bring something to read or someone interesting to talk to.)  =) I always stick to the basics: chicken n' waffles with some sweet tea. In the past, I've also had the fried fish and chicken fried steak. All were very good and came out piping hot. The place is a bit expensive. I think the bottled tea (homemade) is $3ish. The other dishes were $10+. The customer service here is excellent. The people here are nice and accommodating and the establishment is clean. Once you get through the line and pay for your order, you can always find a table. Which makes me wonder if the line wrapped outside the building is intentional because I never have a problem finding a place to sit. Not a big deal, but if you're in a rush this place is definitely not the 'eat and go' type of place. I'm curious to know what's been taking them so long to place to expand. It's obvious that this place is a goldmine.I love breakfast. I hate lines. I stood in line here but the wait was  NOT long but rather efficient.  There are lots of other reviews that go into more detail.So this is just my $.02. The service was quick and friendly. The food was yummy. You need to go.Lemonade has a touch of honey in it too good.. Reviews said line is crazy long. Went on a Wednesday am. Went straight in and order my food. The place is small. Got fish and grits for $15. Ummm I think that is kinda pricey tho.got here with my partner around 9am on a Saturday - there wasn't any street parking and the line was way out the door :-) Good Sign... You order at the counter and they give you a number and deliver your food to your table. I ordered the Waffles and Chicken Wings... the Chicken Wings were perfect... seasoned just the way i like it... the waffles were just right... i also had a hot chocolate - i like my chocolate nice and sweet so it was just perfect. in all a perfect breakfast to get me going on a weekend day.like the other reviews - for 2 people your bill will come up around 30$.I came to breakfast klub on Christmas eve for the millionth time, taking a few friends in town who had never been.  After a night of heavy drinking, it is hard to beat some Houston's best fried chicken and a crispy waffle all drenched with warm syrup.  When we first drove by, my friends were a bit hesitant to wait in the long line that stretched around the corner, which always seem more challenging with a hungover, but we decided to go for it anyways.  Free mimosas while waiting in line? GREAT IDEA... a bit of the hair of the dog helped cure my alcohol withdrawals.The long line didn't take that long (especially when compared to other breakfast/brunch places like le peep).  As usual, the food and service did not disappoint and I enjoyed my coffee and wings and waffles with an extra side of wings!Killer country breakfast.  On a weekday morning, we pulled up around 8:30 a.m., and immediately got a space in the lot; I hear that's pretty much unheard of.  No line; we ordered the pancake combo, the catfish & grits combo with scrambled eggs, and the waffle combo with pecans and bananas.  A variety of coffees line the condiment area; it's serve yourself, in huge mugs.  The pancake combo was great, according to the musclehead eating it (my son, the jock); the 3 pancakes are huge, and completely fill up a regular sized round plate.  The waffle had pecans baked in, and fresh banana on top.  Not quite Roscoe's, but great taste nonetheless.  It's near impossible to mess up grits, so no credit there.  But the fried catfish!!!  A nice big filet with the tastiest breading I've ever had.  Amazing taste.  It also comes with your choice of toast.  This restaurant is located in the Midtown area, and decorated very tastefully, with pieces from some amazing black artists on display on the walls.4 stars on the food; then, the friendly service puts this joint over the top.  All of which explains the long lines that are a part of the legend of The Breakfast Klub.  The secret is to go in early . . . on a weekday.  Then you get all the benefits offered by this great restaurant, without the hassle of long lines and longer waits.I hardly ever ever give anything five stars.  In fact, I have never done so on yelp.  The Breakfast Klub is legit.  I even ran into Bell and Biv of Bell Biv Deboe on my birthday a few years ago.  I don't mind waiting for 20 minutes out in the Houston sun on a weekend morning suffering from a hangover knowing that the best chicken and waffles is going to meet my tummy and take away all of that suffering.  It's delicious every single time I go.  Here's to deliciousness with consistency!Worth the wait!  If you're coming here for weekend breakfast/brunch, either get there EARLY or be prepared to wait in line.  The line will be way out the door and around the building by 10:30/11:00 am but it moves pretty quickly so don't be discouraged.  I definitely don't mind waking up early Wings and Waffles!  I also love love the atmosphere here.  The staff is so friendly, and they are extremely efficient!  Once you place your order, the food comes out rather quickly.  This is one of my "out of town visitors" spots.  I totally look forward to having visitors so I have an excuse to indulge in some fried chicken for breakfast :)Does anyone in Houston work? At 10AM on a Wednesday, this joint was poppin'! Absolutely packed with folks. Very lively, soulful, and well... comforting. This homegrown institution is no doubt in a very "gentrified" area, reminiscent of my hometown Deep Ellum in Dallas.OK, so I know that if you come to this joint to get your fill of the most important meal of the day that you MUST get chicken wings and waffles or the catfish and waffles. I understand this, but I mean I had JUST eaten another breakfast down the road. I wanted to drop in for something light and cheap. Neither attribute is present on the menu.After looking at the outrageously large portions that every other diner had on their table, I went with a simple order of biscuits and gravy. On the menu, a side of dang gravy runs near $4!!! So, I thought it appropriate to just save the hassle of 1 biscuit+1 gravy for about $6 and order a double (full order) for $7.It was outrageous. The gravy was as rich as a corn chowder, as salty as a chicken fried steak, and the biscuits just screamed butter. I practically seeped butter out of my pores after the meal here. The biscuit texture and flavor were indistinguishable in the pool of sausage gravy. The sausage also offered a nice spice; I wish I knew what kind they used. It was link sausage, but I don't mind. Traditional breakfast sausage does not HAVE to be the norm, especially with the amazingly dark yellow (first time I have had this color!) sauce of joy.Breakfast Klub is indeed not a "klub" for the weak of stomach. You will be eating chicken wings and waffles in the early hours. You will pay out the wazoo for some breakfast, but you will leave in a food coma. No joke.So delicious, it is definitely worth the wait in line!I had the chicken & wafflesImagine the hottest day of the summer with industrial fans outside in a parking lot cooling approximately 100 people waiting under pitched tents to get inside of The Breakfast Klub.  Management probably felt bad for people who were waiting  and set up water stations amongst the lines.  Sounds pretty ridiculous, huh?!?  Well, I was one of those idiots who was in that line.  After all of that, The Breakfast Klub definitely lives up to all of its hype and more.  It is that good.  I don't have much patience and the fact that I waited to eat chicken and waffles is a testament to how good it is.I'm from California where Roscoe's dominates the hipster crowd over there.  In my mind, The Breakfast Klub beats it.  The flavorful wings are a delight with the buttery waffles, the biscuits and gravy is so rich you want to lick the plate, and the catfish and grits is to die for.  This is true Southern cooking.  It is not light for the heart and you probably have to work out 5 hours to burn off all the calories consumed.  But it is worth it!!Let's set the record straight. Those that say Breakfast Klub is better then Roscoe's out in Cali and Gladys Knight in Atlanta. You can't even compare the 3. All are totally different concepts. If anything Roscoe's and Gladys Knight can be compared favorably. I have frequented all 3 restaurants. Roscoe a bit more then the others. With that said....Breakfast Klub is good as a motha. Excuse my grammar. About the best way I could put it. I like the streamline way they have the restaurant set up. Order your food. Get your condiments, drink, and silverware. Sit down and enjoy the food once they bring it out. Another added touch is each time I visited with my son, the same young lady helped me out by keeping my sons attention while I gathered up what we needed. My last visit I ordered the Fish N Grits. Grits came out a little bit on the thick side. Darn near perfect to me. Fish fried to a golden perfection. Only gripe was I had more batter then fish in my order. I wasn't going to complain because I was sampling off other plates at the table. Was more then satisfied with the offerings at the table.The owner has a great thing going. I find it funny how woman after woman walk up to him slipping him little pieces of paper. I'm not going to blow up his spot, but that couldn't be me. I took a friend whose family is well known in the restaurant industry in New Orleans. He was hooked and visited again before he left. Said it blew most of the breakfast spots in N.O. away. He ordered the steak and eggs which is a limited dish according to the lady that was walking the line.I would definitely go back. definitely recommend.One word sums it up...Yum!  I went with my mom this morning-ish before seeing a play downtown.  I got the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was great! Piping hot and the batter had a hint of something spicy and was delicious. Perfectly crisp!  The waffle was perfect as well and with the warm syrup it was so yummy.  My mom got the catfish and grits.  I had never had grits before so I tried hers.  They tasted pretty good to me.  She thought they were excellent.  She even mentioned that she had to come back..and that was before we were done eating. Yes, the wait was long, but most people to know to expect it.  For the long line outside the inside did not feel crowded at all and there always seemed to be an open table for the next group to sit.  The staff were also very nice.  That makes it nice when a place is so popular and busy.  I guess they are pretty much used to it. The only negative I have it about the iced tea.  This is more of a person preference thing though.  I'm not much of a fan of fruity flavored tea, as was the case here.  My mom got some sweet tea and it was super sweet and fruity tasting. I know she didn't really care for it either.Overall, everything was excellent and would recommend it to anyone. Just get there early! :)Super delicious, best breakfast I've ever had.  Chicken & Waffles weren't as good as Roscoe's though!  Breakfast Klub serves small chicken wings instead of proper big pieces of chicken.   But everything else was amazing, including the grits, porkchops and gravy, and my only complaint is that they close at 2pm!  If they were open late, we'd go there every night!Thank you Houston Yelpers!!!!!!!  204 reviews and 4 1/2 stars brought me to the Breakfast Klub after a disappointing weekend of food.  My mother and I stopped by on our way back to Richmond and boy were we satisfied.  The line looks a lot worse than it is, but my guess is that once church lets out...you better be ready to wait.  A gracious hostess came out and gave us a menu to look at while in line.  When we got inside we ordered and sat down.  Our food came quick and it was GOOD!!  I had the eggs Benedict and mom had Hash (I think.)  If you get a chance, read the article on the wall right inside about how the chef got started.  Hard work does pay off!!!With a line that wraps around the building and EXTREMELY limited parking, the anticipation for what so many praise to be the holy grail of waffles and fried chicken was almost overwhelming.Once we finally get inside (after ordering from a waitress outside - which lends to the efficiency of moving people in and out), we handed the cashier  our tickt, paid, and was led to a table. Our waffles, chicken, and grits was brought over maybe 10-15 minutes later.Perhaps it was the hype, but personally, I didn't think it was "OMG, best friend chicken EVER." *orgasm face*The chicken was crispy and flavored with delectable spice. The waffle, big, soft, and warm, surrounded by chicken but not very memorable. The atmosphere of Breakfast Klub was reminiscent of Potbelly's, with its chalkboard-style menu and classic american dining experience.All in all, it was good. Very good. Great even, but I've had better.I couldn't believe I had never been to this place before until this morning :) Waiting on the line is not a big deal for me, because it was worthy ! well, and of course I had a awesome company :pAfter waiting on the line for like 10mins, we finally ordered our food. I had the waffles breakfast with ham, he had the chicken klub . The inside was pretty packed on a Thursday afternoon. OMG, I am picky about scrambled eggs, but they had they best scrambled eggs lol and the waffles with strawberries was decent. Portion are pretty big tho. Staffs were all VERY friendly . I mean VERY friendly. i need to go back there to try their wings :-pI just paid $21 for some mediocre chicken and waffles!!! AM I MISSING SOMETHING??? Wings and waffle was $14!!!!! they are robbing the customers. Chicken is the cheapest meat a restaurant can get. Waffles don't cost much to make. My friend showed me around Houston and said the last two times he's been here have been a disappointment. My last meal in Houston was blah. Service would have been superb if the old lady at the cash registrar wasn't so rude about taking my orders and then tried to make it up by asking how I'm doing. Aren't you suppose to ask how your customer is doing at the beginning? Everybody else was nice! I love the lady at the front door. She was dancing and it was entertaining to watch while waiting. The manager did walk around to make sure the guests were doing okay. I didn't have the heart to tell them their chicken suck!!! Even the waffle was soggy. It tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile...The wait is not bad at all. We got there at 10:30AM on a Sunday and it was a 20 mins wait. The highlight of my meal was the white raspberry mocha, WHAT? I'm very disappointed.The service is very bad, the food is so-so, environment is very hood-like, the food is very over priced. Never going backWhat is better than sleeping in late and eating at The Breakfast Club on a Saturday morning? Just that eating at The Breakfast Club! This place lives up to all the hype and you will certainly enjoy the fare. The lines are always long, however that's a great sign that the food is good. Not to mention the great people I have met while waiting in line. I had the chicken and waffles as always, and it never disappoints (so good).   . Overall Great FoodGreat Servicealways great breakfast.  Kind of tired of waiting in long line thoughI met a couple friends for brunch one day at The Breakfast Klub, and it was packed...the line was out the door!Luckily it went by fast, but the menu was so big it was hard to chose what to get. I decided on their half sandwich/half soup deal but they screwed it up and gave me half soup and a HUGE sandwich. My chicken soup had drumsticks in it which I thought was great...so different and delicious I barely touched the sandwich.We all walked out of their full and satisfied.I've been hearing great reviews about this place for a while and finally got around to checking it out this morning.  I arrived a little after 8am and waited in line about 20 minutes before I was able to get indoors.  It passes by before you know it, the staff will give you a menu while you're standing in line so you can make your selections before you go inside.As soon as I sat down at the table, one of the staff members placed my order of wings and waffles on my table.  And they were piping hot too, fresh from the kitchen!  The waffle was good, light and fluffy with a dusting of powdered sugar on top.  The wings were pretty good too....nice and juicy. The manager/owner came out at one point to greet his customers and told us how happy he was to have us show up today.   Food was good and so is the customer service there.What can be said when everything wonderful has been said in the past reviews? The atmosphere, the food, and the staff are all A+ in my book. TBK was the first place I've ever had chicken and waffles. Verdict? Their chicken wings are heaven and one of the best I've ever had. And opt for the cheesy grits on the side, it is cheesy goodness. If you like sweet coffee, this is the place to be at. The Karamel Makkhiato is sweet and delicious. TBK, you make it hard for me to try chicken and waffles at other establishments. The standard has been set.Came here for breakfast last Friday while on vacation. Chicken wings and waffles, yo. That's all I have to say. The wings are seasoned to perfection. The waffles are moist and taste heavenly with all the syrup your stomach can stomach.. YUP. SO GOOD. You can sit inside or outside if you have the patience to endure the lines. There was totally a line at 10 a.m. on a Friday and I wondered if anyone works in Houston. Nevertheless this is a place to try for some good southern hospitality. Owner of establishment was there and greeted us like old friends.One last thing, white chocolate rasperry latte. TRY THIS. Absolutely incredible.favorite place for comfort food at least once a month.. the caloric intake is probably too off the charts to come here more often than that ;]I've been here a few times now.. and each time is just as good as the first. and last. and anytime in between that.Yes, I've been to the famed Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in LA... and they DO have better waffles there with their buckwheat flour and what not - but the chicken here at BK is a million times better.A. MILLION. no matter when you go, because of their limited hours and infinite fame (apparently Beyonce takes Jay-Z here when they're in town, says a sign), there WILL be some sort of wait. someone will come say hi to you and make small talk as they hand you a menu... but there's really only one thing to get: on your first visit, go with the wings and waffle - but now I opt to switch that out for french toast. The other thing they're famous for is their catfish and grits, but I can't bring myself to ever go outside the box on this one.. perhaps one day I will split that plate with the chicken and french toast with someone... anyway, you order and they direct you to get your drink and desired condiments. you should be able to find a table at this point, because the line only moves when there's people leaving. anyway... there is a short wait before you will have a mouth/taste/tongue-gasm. the french toast is wonderful. not too eggy or soft - unless you've drowned them in syrup.but of course.. those wings. oh, those wings. absolute perfection. crispy and flavorful on the outside, moist and just as awesome on the inside. BEST. WINGS. EVERRRRR.go. enjoy. love it. wonderful service for wonderful food.Staff: Outgoing and extremely friendly.   The owner/manager walks around and greets everyone quite a bit too.Food: My favorite is the catfish and grits.  I've had the other staples: chicken fried, etc.    The fried stuff is hardly oily..surprising.   The eggs aren't as fluffy as I'd like them but that's just personal preference.    Ambiance:   amazing.  The staff and patrons make this place extra special.  It's got such a family vibe- strangers talk to each other in line and make the 45 min wait seem like 10.  They have bouncy house and other kiddie activities the first saturday of the month.   There's also color African American art on the walls that just explodes when you walk in.I don't know why I forgot to write a review for Breakfast Klub. Even months after I left Houston, I still remember the food. As many have pointed out, if you are here on a weekend, get here early or expect to wait in a long line that wraps around the building. On a week day, its not as bad.The chicken and waffle was one of my favorite. I would never thought to put the two together, but it surprisingly hit the spot. 6 spicy chicken wings plus a strawberry topped waffle with warm maple syrup is heavenly. The katfish with grits was good, but not quite an orgasm in the mouth. : )I could totally sit there all day sipping my karmel macchiato... granted, I probably would be holding up the tables.People complain about the wait, but half the fun is people-watching while you're stuck in the line. Might as well make the most of it, right? The staff is always friendly and willing to help you out with the menu/ordering process. I dont know what they use to season their chicken, but is amazing. I need to try to figure out the spice combination for myself. The wings are always juicy and never dry.  And even if they were, just pour some syrup on those bad boys and you'll be good to go. I wish that the waffles were always fresh, but hey, cant you cant win at everything. If you come on the right day, you need to try the chicken fried chicken.Good southern food. Have to get there early, else you might be waiting a long while. You know the food there is good when you see a line out the door that wraps around the building! Esp on the Saturday lunch time period.Oh, Breakfast Klub...the only place worth waiting in line for 30 minutes just for a taste. I love everything about this place! (except maybe the wait, but what do you expect with food this good??) The food is incredible and the service is awesome and the prices are very reasonable. I love, love, love this place!The place is called Breakfast Klub. You would think it would be like every ordinary place that serve regular breakfast. They serve the usual breakfast alright. What surprised me the most is their waffle and fried chicken. When I saw that on the menu, I was like WTF?!!? You gotta be kidding me. It was about 8am I was hungry and wanted to get some breakfast before class. Didn't really want to eat fried stuff in the morning but it was the only thing on the menu that sounded EWWW. I still wanted to give it a shot.THIS WAS THE BEST WAFFLE AND FRIED CHICKEN WINGS I ever had for breakfast. And believe me, waffle and fried chicken for breakfast wasn't too bad after all.. As I type this review, I want me some Waffle and Fried Chicken now....I have visited the Breakfast Klub on 3 different occasions. Each time I've visited, i've ran across Texans players (Andre Johnson, Jacoby Jones) or Rockets player (Aaron Brooks). The owners/staff are very friendly and treat you as if you're family. The place can become crowded with lines wrapped around the building but that's the only drawback I have. The food is great and portions are enough to keep you full for hours. My meal of choice is usually the wings and waffles which keep my stomach happy.Wow! Living up to the hype. We walked up at 10:30 on a Thursday to stand behind 50 other people to get in. It was well worth it. chicken wings and waffles were perfect. Wings were a perfect combo of savory and actually sweet too. Grits were a nice compliment. Even the coffee was spot on, and that coming from a Seattle boy. Worth the wait.Ok, so if I was a southern girl with a nagging desire for grits, this is where you would find me on a Saturday morning.  This place makes me want to give in on my diet!  Delicious waffles, great egg white, spinach omelette and the grits have taught me a lesson or two about the importance of butter in this world!The Breakfast Klub provided the food for a big event we hosted and did a phenomenal job.  I also hear that the owner is running for office - if his politics are as good as the food - he's got my vote!I have been in Houston for 8 years and never been to the Breakfast Klub until a week ago. The line was going out the door but it was worth the wait! Everyone that worked there was so nice and friendly. I was a little skeptical of the combination of chicken and waffles but decided to give them a try. I'm not a big waffle eater but my plate was completely clean when I finished. The chicken was seasoned perfectly and not greasy at all and the waffles were amazing!  I will definetly be back.Its very casual  and relaxed atmosphere. You wont be disappointed.I hate the lines, and avoid them slightly by going at off peak mornings. Also, i walk there to avoid having to find parking. Like the staff. Great breakfast (high calorie!) as expected. I can't have butter or cream, they were friendly and accommodated me.I had a really tasty pork chop breakfast. Wife had the waffles and chicken which was excellent.A bit expensive for Houston though.It was good! But I am not sure If I will be rushing back there. I stood in line outside for over an hour. I am so glad the weather was good outside. But once I go inside they got the food to me SUPER FAST and they had good customer service! I owner even checked on our table. He really cares about his customers. I just hope invests into a bigger location. The parking and the size of the restaurant is not enough for this very busy place.So worth the wait. Everyone knows their chicken & waffles are fantastic but luckily for those that don't enjoy waffles, everything else is good too. The wings, biscuits, eggs, potatoes...all good. The line does wrap around the building. The sun is brutal during the summer. And when it rains, it's awful standing having to stand outside without an umbrella. But all worth it.Yammy!!!!! I didnt know waffles and chicken makes a great combination till I went here. The line was really long but it went pretty quick. Didn't need extra ketchup or other sauce for the chicken it's just as great as it is.Awesome outgoing friendly atmosphere. good coffee, eggs. I had biscuits and gravy, and wasn't a fan... Scrambled egg side was good. biscuits/gravy was too salty and greasy/buttery. Next time I'll try the waffles or french toast, which looked awesome.Overrated. Not worth the wait if its over 15min. From California so I know chicken and waffles: Roscoe's. The food is good but overrated because it's the ONLY chicken and waffle spot in the Houston. Really? Fourth largest city and only one chicken and waffle joint ! H-Town let down.If you like waffles and chicken, this is the best place in town to get them. I love the waffles, super fluffy; and that warm maple syrup hits to spot. Be prepared to wait in line, especially if you go around lunch time. It's def worth the wait.I really really wanted to love this place but in my honest opinion it was just alright. Nothing about the food really stands out to me or leaves me begging for more. It's good but it's not great and a little too salty. Theres not much flavor in the dishes and i found myself eating everything with ketchup, something i never do. The waffle was a waffle and the wings were just wings. Maybe I need to give it a few more chances but its not something I'm itching to try again. The service here is excellent though. Everyone is extremely friendly and very attentive considering how crazy crowded it can get. 5 stars for great service.Fast service (after lunch hour), super friendly staff, and delicious food.It's good home cooking breakfast food and pretty good sandwiches, they're hefty and will definitely fill you up.Oh and the best coffee!The only negative thing I can say about this place is that there is sometimes a really long line around 10-12 AM. But wait it out, it's worth it!Katfish & Gritz is the bombbbb! the daily specials are really good too. last time i went in i saw Aaron Brooks! sweeett. warning... line always out the doorThis is one of my favorite spots to hit when I visit Houston. I love the staff here; they seem grateful for business even though they always have a full house.The line-out-the-door-and-around- the-corner situation is a testament to the deliciousness of the vittles. And in a world of VIP lines and everybody's famous attitudes, I'm glad that we ALL have to stand in the same line at this place (except for when it's hot and humid). I usually eat the veggie omelet w/egg whites and potatoes... Hopefully, in the future they will expand their menu to include a variety of healthy options...I've had the catfish, chicken & waffles, and biscuits here ... the rumors are true - chicken is juicy, waffles are fluffy, and biscuits make you want to wrap up an extra one and put it in your purse ...  act like you've never done it. And there are tall people in there every time I go. ( =Food here is sooo good. This is one of first restaurants I'd eaten at when I first moved here to Houston, so glad I did. I haven't had anything from there yet that I didn't like. Chicken and waffles are recommended, the grits are good too.The owner came out to our table, greeted us, made sure everything was to our liking. He even stayed and chatted w us for a few minutes even tho the place was super busy tht morning. The lady that greets u at the door always makes u feel welcome, like she's known u forever. As far as price, expect to pay about 10 bucks a plate. Portions are big, prepare to take home leftovers. **ALSO, weekends are of coarse the busiest. The line is usually out the door.The wait was worth it.  Crispy fluffy waffle and perfectly seasoned and fried chicken wings.  Amazing.  My husband had the catfish and it was super flaky and the grits were heaven.  Just make sure to eat the grits right away as they are silky and buttery, but left for last they get a little sticky.  The sausage gravy, also killer.  And even though a lot of the food was fried, it was not greasy and I didn't feel heavy afterward.  Wish I lived in Houston as I'd be a regular but will be back for sure next time I'm in town.  Might even have to make a trip to Houston just to eat at The Breakfast Klub!I had to wait in line for nearly 2 hours. I got the Chicken and Waffles. The chicken was great, the waffles were good and their Lemonade was super yumm! I also has a While Chocolate Raspberry Mocha and that was good.It was really annoying to wait in line, but the owners were really nice and attentive. It felt like you were dining in someone's home. I don't know if I'd ever go back here again because I'm not into waiting in lines, but if you have a lot of time on your hands or you can get here when there is no line, try it out. Or if you can go with a lot of entertaining and interesting people, you can bare the wait.The one thing you never hear about this place -- people are so hung up on the wings & waffles -- is that the pancakes are delicious! I'm not a huge pancake guy, but my girlfriend ordered some, and I couldn't stop eating them. They were fluffy, tasty...perfect. So get the pancakes.  I had the katfish & grits, and it was good. The catfish was better than I expected it to be. The grits had a lot of butter. In fact, everything on my plate had a lot of butter. If you're coming here for oatmeal and fruit, you're wasting your time. Also, it was so much food that I couldn't finish it. And I finish everything.Southern food and amazing southern hospitality! This place is awesome! It was a little wait but we were greeted with smiling faces from the entire time! They really know how to make people feel welcomed. We had the two popular dishes, catfish and grits, and chicken and waffles. DELICOUS! Love this place!Probably like a lot of you, I've heard so much about this place and yet kept my guesses of what to expect on reserve. Every time I passed by, they literally had lines wrapped around the restaurant so I figured, it must be good.... fortunately, the legend was true.This place offered up some of the best modern soul food I've ever had! My staple... Chicken wings and Waffles. They have so many things on the menu I have yet to try because I'm a loyal fan of this one dish. Surprisingly, their coffee offers just the amount of flavor and strength I want as well. And above all, the staff are really friendly, family friendly. I've never walked in or out of their feeling neglected or ignored. This is definitely one of my favorite casual places to do some work and just hang out. They have free WiFi so I can always use work as an excuse for some grits on the side. Love it!Food was awesome, everyone raves about the chicken and waffles, have the pork chops and eggs. The pork chops were moist and easy to tear apart. and seasoned very well. Also the staff were extremely polite. We had blocked a guy in by mistake and I overheard the situation and just told my husband to go move the car the lady at the door was already telling us thank you. And they arent kidding about the line, but it moves fast as long as you pick up a menu while waiting and are ready to order at the register. You are given a number and then they bring your food to the table. I thought we were going to be waiting for ever for our food....nope just 10mins. We will be back. Just remember we went on a week day so I know its jumping on the weekends.Okay I was recommended to go her by members of a meetup group I host. So after much debate I hosted a meetup here. I must say that this place is a very very friendly staff. Very welcoming and they play some inspirational gospel music in the mornings. But why the 2 stars you may ask. Well it's because I've been to R*scoe in California before. And once you have had the original, then you will not settle for this imitation. All I kept saying to myself while I was there was that I can do better than this at home. The chicken wings were cooked fine, but the seasoning taste no different than using Lawreys seasoning. And why limit the chicken and waffles to just wings? In LA you can get any pieces you want and you get them smothered in a nice dark brown gravy. Now that's how you should try chicken and waffles. With brown gravy smothered chicken and shared on a plate of delicious waffles and syrup. True breakfast paradise...but, that's not this place. I really wanted this place to work out for me especially after having to drive all the way downtown and standing in line for such a long time. I was sadly disappointed in the taste of the food. And from looking at the other plates my friends had, I see nothing special that's even worth the drive to downtown. I truly wish them the best at this place for the whole staff is really really nice. I think they may need to take a trip to California and experience the real deal and update that menu. At least that's what it will take to impress those of us that has had some real chicken and waffles from either LA or Atlanta.In 2009 I was introduced to the Breakfast Klub by a friend. I had just moved from Cape Town, South Africa. I was immediately impressed with the diversity. A real mix-up of people.At first I was not keen on waiting in a line outside, but I later realised that the food was worth the wait.The food was a great introduction to Soul Food. I had the Chicken wings and Waffles. I particularly loved the wings because they were not drenched in sauce or heavily spiced (some of the best in town)Whenever I have friends visit me in Houston I take them to the Breakfast Klub. Why? It's one of Houston's Landmarks.I don't see what the big deal is about this place. To me, the food is way over priced and was just ok quality. My girlfriend and I ordered "Green Eggs and Ham", cup of coffee, and a single waffle. The total came to about $20. Everything there was even self serve except for when your food arrives. I know that breakfast brings in major profit for restaurants, but paying $5.00 for a single waffle with powdered sugar is just a little too far. Even the syrup isn't real syrup (made with high fructose corn syrup)The atmosphere is nice and the place is clean. There wasn't that denny's feeling when you walk in. The person taking my order was impatient and didn't present a friendly attitude. I felt rushed when deciding on my order.Maybe next time I will try the famous chicken and waffle. I didn't get it this time because neither of us wanted to eat fried chicken at 8:30 in the morning. Will I go here again? Maybe not, but I'm glad I got to see what the talk was about.Will I wait in those infamous long lines for the food? NoOkay I went back and got the french toast and catfish and grits.  I still thought everything was good, but not worth an hour wait.The service is friendly and the warm syrup is delicious....but really?  Maybe if I enjoyed drinking coffee...i would sit outside and drink as much as i could.This place ROCKS!The food is great, the vibe is fun and the people are super friendly here. They really made us feel like we are at home.Chicken wings and waffles. Hands down the best I've ever had.Catfish and grits was delicious as well. Everything was well seasoned.Don't let the line scare you. It's not as bad as it looks. Grab a menu and make your decision while in line. Once you go inside, they'll take your order at the register. Pay and you'll get a number. Grab your own drinks and condiments then go pick a table and they will bring the food to you.Next time when I'm in Houston, I'll be back for sure!WARNING: This review was conducted while coming off of heavy sedation! Actual restaurant experiences may vary.After having a procedure done at one of the nearby hospitals in the museum district - the type of procedure where you are not allowed to eat for 1-2 days and your system is totally flushed - my first groggy, post-op request to my wife was to find FOOD and stat!We (I) decided on The Breakfast Klub for two reasons: 1) It was still morning and breakfast food seemed to be in order and 2) I was STARVING! The previous night, while in the midst of the sick and sadistic Dr. imposed hunger fast, I decided to pass the time by browsing yelp reviews (smart right?). The Breakfast Klub caught my eye, as well as a bookmark, due to the rave chicken and waffle reviews. For close to 6 years I have been trying to persuade the wife to partake with me in the tantric act of combining such food as chicken and waffles but I have always been turned down. This time I thought for sure I wouldn't be rejected, especially in my helpless state. So I made the choice - go chicken and waffles or go home!The actual review:Arrived around 10:00 AM and parking was impossible due to its small lot so we found an open meter down the street.  Atmosphere would be classified as "Upscale-Dive". Upon entering we were handed a menu and ushered forward in a short line. Quick glance and I see a ton of great options - oh, I thought I was just here to get chicken and waffles... Far too quickly for my liking we have to order and I "chicken" out and end up go for the Eggs Benedict... as it sounds easier on my recently tenderized insides. Don't hate me, I was weak. Wife goes for a classic - waffle with eggs and sausage. We top off the order with a tall glass of milk for me and a large mug of mocha for her. We find a seat in a booth nearby and I take a peep at what those around us are enjoying... and I instantly begin to regret my choice... stupid me, you came here for chicken and waffles! Oh well, too late now.Food was prepared and came out in a timely manner. Upon seeing my order all regrets flew out the window! Now this is plate of Eggs Benedict! Bacon, ham, turkey, wonderful bread, and let us not forgets them eggs! It could be the drugs, it could be the fact I haven't eaten a solid meal in 2 days, but man-oh-man this is amazing! I gobbled it up despite my wife's warning to take it slow (so wise she is) and sat in blissful happiness while she finished hers (which she agreed was excellent as well - especially the mocha).Overall a great experience and I will definitely be back to take on the chicken and waffles when I'm feeling back up to par.Atmosphere: 4 out of 5 starsService: 4 out of 5 starsFood: 4 out 5 starsLong line that moves appropriately. Absolutely delicious food. Wings and waffles are great!This place is delicious. I highly recommend you take the drive into the heart of Midtown in order to eat here, especially if you're looking to have a big breakfast.This place is ridiculous! We were 3 people are ordered 3 entrees. We thought it might be too much but somehow I left satisfied and feeling great (and I'm pretty small -  114 lbs) :pChicken and Waffle - Best fried chicken I've ever had.Katfish and grits Biscuits and gravyWe all shared the dishes. It was the best Saturday.We arrived at 11:30am and sat down at around 12:45pm. Big line but the staff is super friendly and obviously I hang with badass people so chatting for over an hour with them is awesome so it didn't feel like it was eternal. Totally worth it.I tried the chicken and waffles. Didn't WOW me at all. Guess I'm just not a chicken and waffles kinda person.I give this homemade southern Breakfast & Brunch a 5 star! The experience is amazing each and every time my friends and I get together and meet here! The service is just as good as the food! One bite of their famous Chicken & French Toast, and you will be hooked!!!! Feels like sitting at the table in your grandmother's kitchen!1+ hour wait on a sunday morning. worth it! the lady passing out menus will do everything from chatting you up, having a dance competition with other guests, and just being friendly and cheerful. she was so cute!they have a good selection of coffees, from lighter choices to darker. (i got the costa rica one! the one in between. yum) -Wings and waffles: OMG. i dont know how they spice their chicken, but it is so flavorful, hot, melt-in-your-mouth fried goodness. Should have gotten another order of this. To be honest, i never really got the whole "chicken and waffles" thing. why waste your stomach space on carbs (waffles were ok) when you can eat more delicious chicken? Is there an option to just order the wings here?? bc thats what i would do! -Fried catfish and grits. Perfectly crispy outside, moist and flaky inside. another winner!!!!!I'll start with 4 stars because I've only been in once - this morning. I was beyond impressed! Incredibly fantastic staff - I just love friendly, helpful service. They have a very interesting menu with options like "katfish and grits" or "chicken and waffles", either of which I would love to try. The place was busy when we got there, but we ordered quickly and didn't wait very long for our food. The food was delicious!! I had the veggie omelete with cheese grits and a biscuit; I tasted the pork chops and potatoes too. Just yummy! Wonderful place with that homegrown feel about it! Thank you Breakfast Klub for giving me the motivation to write my first positive review!!This will be my first review that is not exaggerated and it is 100% sooth. The Breakfast Klub is the greastest restauraunt on the face of the planet.There is always a line to enter, but it moves quickly because of the perfect system of ordering food and seating in place. If you show up on a weekend, expect to wait for about an hour to get inside the door, and then another five minutes to get your food. The woman who hands out menus and shows the daily (weekday) lunch specials to those waiting outside is very nice and will joke around with you if that's what you're into. The people at the cash register can be impatient, but its not like you haven't been looking at the menu for at least 20 minutes before you get up there- come on!The food is a slice of heaven baked in the kitchen of the lord while the chef wears a apron made out the same clothes Jesus wore when he did the bread and fish/wine thing. The Coffee is also very good.Every single item on the menu tastes like the moon (out of this world). This can cause trouble when ordering. For example, if you order the most delicious french toast or the amazing Waffle (with Wings that were cooked in Mother Mary's deepfry) you know your are missing out the best omlette you'll ever have or the hunger/spirit filling Catfish and Grits. This is why it is important to come here often- so you can try everything.The only complaint is that now every meal I eat that isn't here is bland and lacking in flavor, every cup of coffee is dry and bitter, and every hostess is an rude miser out to make my dining experience miserable. For that, it loses a few stars.Though slightly more expensive than I usually pay for breakfast, The Breakfast Klub tasted amazing! I had the breakfast croissant with potatoes and hot chocolate. Everything was wonderful, but the hot chocolate blew my mind!The best fried chicken wings I have ever tasted!!!  Their food is the best.  My only negative is the long line to get in...very annoying.Flat out, the best wings I've ever had.  Great waffles, good coffee, AMAZING catfish.  A bit of a wait, but nothing terrible - a really nice greeter kept the line going along.  Just...  a bit pricey.  Breakfast for two was over $30.Not much can be said about The Breakfast Klub that hasn't already been said. Great food, friendly staff, great service, and long lines. It is a little pricey...but it's well worth the wait. I tend to go during the week, or very early on the weekend just to avoid the line. My favorite standby: Wings 'n Waffles. I like the veggie omelet as well. Their grits are cooked just right, and their biscuits are soft and fluffy. They have very generous portions, so come hungry & leave full.I love Breakfast Klub! Breakfast always brings people together! So i've been here a few times with my boyfriend and some friends. He ALWAYS gets the Chicken n' Waffles which is delish!! I like to try different things. The first time I came here I got their special at that time, which was the Chicken fried steak plate. YUMMY!!! I wish it was on the menu but I didn't see it the next time I came. The second time I came I ended up ordering the Klub Benedict. I was very disappointed in this. There is too much spices on top that it over powered anything under it. The White Raspberry Mocha is fantastic!!! =]Overall, love this place!The line alone might make most people run for the hills, but be patient, put your stomach in check, and get ready for the best damn breakfast food ever!! I didn't get the iconic chicken and waffles, but I did get an assortment of foods...the biscuits made me want to cry they were so good (and huge!!!) and they fried my eggs exactly how I like them...its like they read my mind! Their potatoes are also very delish! Catfish and grits were amazing! The line moved pretty quick when I was here...I will definitely be back! I still dream about those biscuits!Great southern breakfast. Dad and brother from up north loved every bite.Now I get it. This isn't a restaurant, it's an experience. The line snakes out, and you wait, and wait, and wait. And as you wait, the smell of food wafts across the parking lot. Friendly employees come out with menus and plates of the daily special to tantalize you. On nice days, there may be tables and chairs to act as overflow.Once inside, the ordering is efficient, as you probably had ample time to figure out what you want (catfish and grits, didn't even need the menu). Coffee is on the left, weak to strong, and all excellent.Grab your number, find a seat, and wait patiently for the magic to come to the table in katfish form. Fried orange brown, bursting with flavor from delectable tip to delectable tip, the piece is huge. Sitting next to it is a volcano of buttery grits, the caldera a lake of melted butter. An accompanying biscuit could have been the star of an entrée elsewhere, but here it harmonizes the perfection of the plate.The portion size is insanely huge. I split this thing with the wife, and added a second biscuit and side of gravy. On that note, the biscuits and gravy is a deliciously awesome alternative if you're not feeling for the Katfish con grits.Yes, waiting in the line is worth it. It adds to the charm, that part of the experience  is this tremendous buildup of anticipation that ends with glorious payoff.I love this place. I honestly don't even like breakfast food that much and STILL like this place. I went here as often as I could on my student budget while I was in school in Houston. It's also one of the few places I make sure I go when I go to Houston and is always somewhere I recommend to people visiting Houston. Only real negatives are that the parking lot is non-existent (and finding street parking can be a challenge) and the line outside can get ridiculous at times. But even then it's still worth circling the block several times for.Visiting our friends in Texas, we just had our first meal at The Breakfast Klub today. How was the food? Waffles, good; grits, good; chicken, awesome!!! Not only is their food delectable, the staff is friendly and helpful. You will be greeted with a menu and a smile as you make the line to place your order. Food is served promptly as you find your own table to sit.The decor is fitting and helps to enhance their delectable menu choices. I will definitely come for seconds on my next trip to the Lone Star State.I went with friends on a weekday about 10AM for breakfast. I had the biscuits and gravy, they had waffles. I would say - pretty tasty! Line wasn't bad either. I would say it took us a 3 minute wait in line, and a 5 minute wait to get our food. Not sure that I was completely blown away or would go again.A Houston institution... don't let the line fool you.. it goes fast and you can get some really good old fashioned artery clogging fried chicken and waffles here...hey i didn't say it was healthy... I just said it was good.The line may be out the door, around the building and down the street but when you get your breakfast you'll know why.  Super fresh, hot, tasty, quality ingredients, perfectly cooked and without a shred of pretentiousness.The hostesses are friendly, flirty and overall set a positive mood for everyone standing in line.I'm hitting this place up again whenever I get back to Houston.I am a fan....BUT I just don't feel comfortable paying almost $20 pp to eat a really good breakfast. Dude its fried chicken and waffles! I know that is a really popular dish, but if you are not making it in a way that I can't possibly do it at home, then stop charging so much just for the famousness of the dish (yes I made up that word!).My test for how tasty a breakfast/brunch is: how are the grits?  Are they too dry?  Are they swimming in butter?  Am I eating the lazy stick-'em-in-the-microwave-with-water kind?The Breakfast Klub has A to the MAZING grits!  Perfectly buttered, not too soft, not too dry, and so filling.  I came here with my fiance before 11 AM Mass and instantly wished I had gone to the 9 AM service instead.  I wanted to stay and sip my Kafe Moka (heavenly chocolatey coffee goodness) while chowing down on more and more grits.This is the kind of breakfast place you take visitors to when they come to Houston. I can guarantee I'll be back next weekend.Not only is the food YUM DELISH, but the owner and staff go the distance to make sure your visit is pleasant.  I've never had anything here that was "just ok".  Everything is great. The crowd is a great mix of ages and backgrounds, which I totally dig. I will warn you, because this is a real restaurant where chicken is actually fried and not just warmed up, you may walk out smelling  a little "fried". I just look at is as my authentic souvenir that stays with and my clothes until I get home. :-)I've read a number of other reviews.  Some of them have made me laugh.  Yes, the parking lot is a gravel field.  No, there is no valet parking.  Yes, if you come on Saturday, you'll have to stand in line, maybe for quite a while.  No, the decor isn't the latest and greatest.  I throw the sideeye at anybody who posts a complaint about them not delivering.  Get your lazy self out of bed and go down there or go make your own breakfast.You go to The BK for the food and maybe to see somebody famous if that's your kind of thing.  It's all high-fat, high-calorie, high-carb great-tasting comfort food.  If you've had chicken & waffles anywhere from LA to Philly, you know what I mean.This restaurant always has a crowd/line out around the building.  The food as amazing and the host and staff were quick and informative.  I enjoyed the grits, chicken and waffles and the homemade sausage.Don't avoid the restaurant because of the lines, they go quickly and the food is worth the wait.Great Fish and Grits....took my group here this morning, ordered my fav and was not disappointed...Keep up the awesome work guysYou know how good a place is by how long of a wait there is to get in. This place had a line out the door and twisting and turning a few times before you got inside, where there was a little bit more of a line. When there are canopies set up and water jugs outside for people that are waiting outside, you can tell that a long line is a normal occurance - good sign! :) Unless the waiting people are just in some kind of cult or are on crack and not making logical decisions, a line at a restaurant all the time means that the food is worth the wait! We were excited, and decided what we were going to get before we even got up to the front of the line to pay. We tried almost everything, and everything was good, but the chicken was the most juicy, delicious fried chicken I have ever had in my entire life. I didn't realize how delicious chicken could be until I had this. The grits were also SUPER delicious - I didn't realize I could like grits until I tried them here. The names of the foods were cute, they tried to use the letter K whenever they could. If you are ever in the area, I highly recommend this place. Get the chicken & waffles! :)Great breakfast food great coffee as well get there early it is like a rock concert after 11amFirst time there and loved it. Being from NY I was told I had to have breakfast here. There was a line to get in on a Sunday morning, always a sign of good comfort food! I had fried pork chops, grits, a biscuit and eggs...boy was I stuffed. Lots of large groups dining. Friendly staff. Parking seems limited but any parking hassle is well worth it!Hope you go and enjoy,The first couple times were amazing. The last few experiences were a bit subpar.  The food came out cold and everything was drenched in butter.  It was almost not edible.The lines at TBK are worth it. Trust me, there will almost always be a line. The wait is worth it because the food is great and the service even better. The ladies and gents that work here are really friendly and they make you forget that you're even in line. Their famous wings and waffles will not disappoint. If wings and waffles aren't your thing, try the omelet. Get a bottomless koffee to go with those wings and waffles and you will be set for the rest of the day. This place is also great for groups. Don't be turned off because of the line or the size of the place. Turn around is pretty quick. They always make sure you have a table for your group by the time you order your food.Great knock you socks off food, service and atmosphere.  Get there earlier on a Sunday and people watch as the after church crowed pours in.  Great place to bring a girlfriend or date.  Chicken and waffles - best fried chicken I have ever had in my life.  4 Stars pricey for breakfast food.Came here again on a Saturday morning around 9:30 and the line was snaked around the parking lot.  They had tents out so people wouldn't get too hot.  As always, the line moved really fast.  The service was great again; I really like the people who work here.  Food was awesome as usual too.  This is one of the token restaurants in Houston I always take visitors to.A must-try Houston institution.  Get there early on the weekend - there's a reason why the canopy is set up snaking around the concrete non-parking lot in front of the joint.  Hint:  it's not for cars!  I arrived at 9:30 on a Saturday morning and there were probably 40 people in front of me and I was at the end of the sidewalk directly in front of the restaurant under the awning.  My friends (3 kids, give 'em a break) showed up about 10 min later and by the time, the line was snaking down the canopy towards the street.  You probably want all your group to arrive at the same time to minimize dirty looks for cutting.  By the time we made it to the front door, at 10:00, the line had reached the end of the canopy.  Ice water is set out and staff come out to greet you and hand you a menu while you wait.  You place your order and pay at the counter.  Drinks, condiments, and silverware are self-serve right after the counter.  The food came out before we even brought everything to the table.  My friend and I got the fried chicken and waffles and her husband got the fried catfish and grits.  The kids got tastes of everything and their own green eggs and ham to share.  The Belgian waffle comes with a dusting of powdered sugar and a strawberry, ringed by 8 fried chicken wings.  The wings were excellent, perfectly crispy, not too much breading.  The waffle was ok.  The "green" eggs are basically scrambled with green bell pepper and chives.  Prices were inexpensive to moderate.  Service was very good and the staff was very nice and accommodating to the kids.  I love breakfast food so I would probably come back to try other stuff.  However, you definitely want to arrive early or come when you're not in a rush.  I don't eat that much Southern food, but after being on the East Coast for a few years, I was craving it.  The rest of the day I ate fruit and vegetables.  My colon thanked me.The line outside moves quickly for a weekday lunch.  They were very accommodating for a heart friendly lunch with serving grilled rather than fried catfish.  Coffee was strong and tasty. I especially liked the green beans seasoned with smoked turkey wings.  Food seems over-priced, but is always top quality.Breakfast Klub is awesome! I went there when it was pouring outside on a Saturday at 1PM and there was still a line of people waiting outside. Despite the wait, the food did not disappoint. I had the chicken and waffles and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I generally don't care for wings. Service is great too, when we called ahead of time to ask about a wait time, a lady promptly and cheerfully picked up the phone and told us that she'd "see us there!". When we got there, there was a lady outside in the rain handing people menus and talking to everyone in line while they were waiting. While we were eating, I believe we met the owner, who asked us how our experience was.The wait is always worth it, I would definitely go back!Awesome food.  You have to wait in line for over an hour on any given day, but it is worth it!  Chicken and Wafles to die for.From being greeted at the door with warm, friendly service to experiencing the unique personality of the place, it started as a great experience.  I ordered the french toast, sausage, eggs, and coffee.  My food came promptly, and it was delicious. French toast, in my opinion, should be able to stand alone with out syrup, yet should also taste even better with syrup.  They created a tasty, great textured french toast. The hot syrup was a plus.  The coffee was great.  I recommend this place to fellow yelpers.I highly doubt that there is any new thoughts that I provide for this iconic landmark. The exterior is unassuming, but the food is so damn good! I had the Katfish and Grits and found myself eating very slowly to enjoy each and every bite. The staff is friendly - starting with a hug at the front door to multiple table visits and a big 'thank you' when leaving. The combination of delicious food and incredible service guarantees that I will be back. I was blown away by my first visit and can't wait to go back and try something next time.Wings and waffles. Divine. Took my family when they were visiting from Canada and my mother literally gets angry when I tell her I've gone back, simply out of jealousy.Nothing more to say, just go. Get the wings and waffles. Delicious.I'd always noticed the long lines on weekend mornings and wondered what  that was all about. "Must be some sort of events center" I thought, as sometimes the people in line were all well-dressed. Later on I found out that people were lining up to go in and have some highly-reputed breakfast at the Breakfast Klub, and it became obvious to me that the well-dressed people came from the church a block over, or any of the other churches nearby. I knew I had to go, and had discussed it with a friend, but I'd put it off for sometime until I told this same friend about hearing that the chicken and waffle had made some sort of national "best" list.It was a Saturday morning and we walked from her place to the Klub. The line was long, but the conversation was good. There was water readily available, canopies to shelter us from the blistering sun, and the owner made sure to greet and spend time with everyone as he made his way into the Klub. I almost wanted to think "who's this weird guy saying hi to everyone," but he didn't give me a weird vibe. My friend did mention that she thought the guy was just trying to cut in line, so I kinda laughed when I pointed out his portrait printed on the side of the pyramid stack of waffle mix boxes once we were inside.Now, I am not  exactly a fan of waffles, so I'll limit my discussion of it to saying that it was as enjoyable as any other waffle I've had. It served its purpose of soaking up syrup and being carby. The wings, however... YOWZA! The batter was spiced just right to give a kick and sort of made me feel like I was experiencing the wonders of my first-ever bite of fried chicken all over again. It was just that good. Being picky, I could say that it was a bit too greasy, but it's freaking fried chicken.The sweet tea was too sweet for me. It was syrupy and I'd be willing to wager it was at least partially sweetened with honey... it was almost like drinking honey. My first drink made me realize why there are no refills for the sweet tea (besides the fact that it's bottled and sealed). Mr. Marcus Davis is looking out for you, my yelping friend, by limiting your sugar intake and decreasing your risk of becoming diabetic. You'll go hyperlipidemic if you eat there regularly, but you're on your own there.Do yourself a favor and check out the Breakfast Klub if you haven't alsready. Queuing isn't as time-consuming as it may appear, and the food is worth it.Great food- I believe that it's hyped up more than it is...service usually good- have been when it's so crowded it's not fun.Long line but it moved quickly. Pricey but you get an abundance of food and it taste great.  We had the breakfast  klub which had a ton of meat. Also the  breakfast special was  very good. Funky atmosphere and friendly staff.There was a long line when we went but we ordered and got our seats very quickly, which I love.The service was quick and super nice.I ordered the famous wings n waffle. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Juicy, crunchy wings and amazing waffles to go with it.I use ti love this place, I use to think the long line/wait is well worth it, ah, the good old days.Don't get me wrong, the food is still pretty tasty. I mean, where else can you get chicken wings with your waffles?  But, they have significantly increased their price in the last couple of years (last year the fish and grits breakfast was $11.99, now it is $14.99).  It seems like the flavoring has gone down too.  Sad that this place is no longer my favorite breakfast place.Just read all the reviews on Yelp. Breakfast Klub has so many good reviews because its really good. Just try it and you'll see what the hype is about. And don't go there and try to order a salad, go hungry and ready to get stuffed.I enjoyed it.  It's not Roscoe's (I'm an L.A. girl), but it's good.  I think I was a bit taken aback by the serve-yourself condiments and silverware, and the seat-yourself and we'll-bring-it-to-your-numbered-table atmosphere, but we're there for the food (and service?). The food was good.  The owner was present (as I heard he often is), and surprisingly, the line out the door and around the corner was moving, as folk sat themselves, ate, and left satisfied.The wait makes it almost unbearable to stand outside for an hour and a half in 100 degree temperatures. The food is good but I'm not sure I'll be back. Did it once and had my fill. I think they should consider opening a few other locations!Classic soul-food home cookin'.  Always a line -- that's because it's GOOD.  Moves quick, staff is super friendly, and who doesn't like chicken and waffles?  I prefer the meatier breast instead of the drumstick/hotwing style chicken, but it's still damn good.  Must-visit breakfast spot in Houston.So I wasn't sure where to start with it being my first time.  I decided to get it all.Catfish and Grits:  4/5 - The catfish had that mouth-watering bite to it.  The grits, not so much.  Wings:  5/5 - Fried goodness, not greasy.Service:  4/5 - The line was out the door right when they opened, but it goes quicklyAmbiance:  3/5Went for brunch on a Sunday. Long line along the building went super fast. Fast food delivery to your table after ordering at the counter.Wings and waffles are totally delicious. Wings were crispy outside, juicy inside with a hint of spice. Real butter and warm syrup. Bottomless cup of coffee gets you self service choice of 5 or 6 different brews in take away cup with lid. Super service, just plain nice folks.This review is for 9:00am breakfast on a Friday morning..The service is great and the staff here is super friendly, but unfortunately I come from a place where Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles is bomb.com. I expected more from this place because of their reviews, but maybe I just have a different pallet. This place is truly all southern food.It was busy when we got here, but luckily we didn't have a wait!  We walked right up to the counter to place our order.  We ordered the chicken and waffles - which were really soft and the chicken was OK.. the spices seemed to have more pepper than anything else.  We also go to the breakfast klub sandwich which has eggs, slices of turkey, bacon, and ham on sourdough bread - it was good and the portion is huge! .. but again it's truly southern.I really wanted to like this place and was excited to try it because of its awesome yelp reviews, but I honestly wouldn't come back..Who doesn't love breakfast food?!Breakfast is done well here at BK. Yes the lines are long, but it moves fast. There is almost always a pitcher of water outside to rehydrate while waiting in the Texas heat. There is always a pleasant worker walking up and down the line saying "Welcome to Breakfast Klub" and handing out menus to look at or advertising their daily special if they've got one. Once you get to the "kounter" to order, you take a number, have a seat, and the food it brought to your table. They've got hot syrup available for your pancakes, waffles, or whatever you feel like eating it with, and it's self serve. When the kitchen staff isn't completely overwhelmed, the owner walks around from table to table asking how everything is. My only gripe about BK are their prices.... kinda steep.i went here for brunch..i like this place..great service..i ordered the katfish, wings & waffle, and french toast..i like the katfish the most..wings and waffle was okay..french toast was good..CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!This place is pretty amazing (minus the lines). Don't let the lines fool you though, as it does move pretty quickly. There is water for while you wait, but not much else. Try not to stare too much at the menu while you're in line or else you will get too damn hungry. The thing to get here is the chicken and waffles. That is all you need to know. Get the chicken and get the waffles...together preferably. The chicken is perfectly fried, tender, juicy and you get just enough chicken wings for the waffles. I know it sounds weird to have chicken wings with powdered sugar and maple syrup and strawberries, but trust me when I tell you it works. So stop reading my review and go get in line and get yourself some chicken and waffles too!And just as a note, this place has pretty much what I deem to be the best biscuit I've ever had in my life....Great breakfast! Great price, not the cleanest looking place but more like a cafeteria style. Not a big fan of their cheesecakes but good food. Gets packed really fast.The best waffle and chicken on the planet, and yes I have eaten at Roscoe's in LA.  The waffles are perfect, crisp, caramel in color yet moist and tender inside.  Roscoe's and BK are similar here, but BK has hands down the best chicken.  It is "slap yo mama" good!  The grits are good, nothing special like Paula Deen's shrimp n grits.  The catfish is also very good.  Parking can be a pain and the lines can be long.  TIP: Arrive before nine and prices are a few dollars cheaper.....If you've never had fried chicken and waffles, then you need to brave the long lines, which move pretty dang fast, and get yourself some.The long lines, I can handle.  The great selection of coffee is appreciated.  The staff are approachable, high spirited, and willing to answer any question are awesome.But here's why I gave Breakfast Klub only 3 stars (and it's not because I tried grits here for the first time and decided that I don't like grits):  the chicken I got was too salty.  The previous time I went to Breakfast Klub, the fried chicken tasted great.  But, at that time, I wasn't on Yelp, and someone hadn't crashed a salt-carrying eighteen wheeler into the kitchen when they were mixing the batter for the chicken (or, at least, that's what I imagined happened...that chicken was SALTY).The waffles were all right both times I've been to the Klub but nothing to write home to Mom about.So, though I'm not in the mood for chicken and waffles but once in a blue moon, I'll probably go back to Breakfast Klub.  Because I'm a guy who likes to give second chances.Love their chicken & waffles. Better yet...get the chicken & french toast! I tried this the last time I was there and loved it even more. I haven't tried anything else, but I have heard that literally everything on the menu is a winner.Don't be deterred by the line...it moves pretty quickly! And the owner and staff are very friendly and welcoming...definitely adds a lot to the atmosphere. Highly recommended!!I have been in Houston almost all my life and only recently did i hear about this place. I immediately jumped on the hype and headed there with my friends who were here for the holidays from school. Their two popular items are the chicken and waffles and the catfish and grits. I've tried both along with the green eggs and ham. All had great flavor but the only comment was the catfish was a bit too greasy that one time. But i love love love the chicken and waffles! During the winter they have coffee and heat lamps that accommodate for you butt freezing in line. It a great place to run into people too!. I think the past 3 times i went there i saw someone i knew whether it was in line or inside. Once you get inside you are warmly welcomed in. Add a hot caramel macchiato  to  your meal for a desserty finish.4 stars for delicious food and atmosphere! The long line to get in and the unexpectedly high prices are a slight turn-off (especially when you have three younger kids in tow) but you won't leave hungry, either. Portions are ample and plentiful. Highlights: chicken wings, catfish, waffles, pork chops, grits and toast are all FANTASTIC, some of the best we've ever had.Usually there will be a LOOONG line to wait in.  But the food is truly worth it. Personally I love the chicken and waffles or waffles and catfish.  The portion sizes are nice and the food is worth the money.  Service is fast and efficient!May 2014 Update:Not sure what is going on with the waffles, but it was a tad bit disappointing. But the French Toast is all the rave! And the bacon was the bomb.Had some friends come over from NJ and all they could talk about was this place. I must say when i drove up here I saw a line and I didn't really wanna wait but it was well worth it the food was great.Had breakfast there 30Aug13. Went with the Country Sausage, Scrambled eggs, biscuit, juice and glass of water. Huge portions. Ate there at 10am. Lunch never entered my mind. Still full. Will definitely return next time in Houston.My wife and I went there in a Monday morning. The neighborhood doesn't look like a place harboring a great restaurant, but it does. As mentioned by many other reviewers, there will a line, but the waiting time is definitely bearable. You order the food before you are seated, and then the food will be on your table in a minute.We ordered their two signature combinations. The first bite sent us to heaven and back. It sounds a little unusual to have fried chicken wings for breakfast, but if it's so delicious, who cares it's dinner or breakfast or whatever. The french toast and waffle are also of top quality.The enviroment is very friendly. It may not be a very fancy or upscale place, but it's comfortable.  Their coffee, tea, orange juice are plain.  It would be better if they can serve freshly squeezed organge juice and better coffee.This place is over-rated, and the food is over-priced.For their signature dish waffles and chicken, they charge $14.99 for one waffle and 6 chicken wing. Waffle could be more crispy, the chicken wings were good though. Plus I waited 45 minutes and parking was limited, I would not go there again.All of my experiences have been great. They have friendly service and great food. You can't go wrong with the chicken and waffles.Delicious!! Worth the wait. Made me fall in love with Chicken and Waffles all over again.Best place to have breakfast in Houston!!Lot me star by saying that I would not wait in the long line again.  The food was okay, but not what I was expecting with all the hype and the long line.  It was overpriced and ultimately a disappointment...  The waffles and wings were okay.  They chicken was cooked well, had nice spice. The waffle tasted like a box mix.  Boring.  Needed something extra to it!   I got the catfish and grits. I liked the catfish coating, but the grits were not the expected "buttery goodness"...  And to top it off my $4 chocolate milk was undrinkable. Disgusting. WAYY too much powder or syrup. There are much better breakfast restaurants without a wait!My second time to eat here.Skipped the waffles, and ordered three plates of wings.Maybe I'll try something new next time I eat here.The wings and waffle are amazing. I took my time to savor the wings but by the time I had finished them, the waffle was no longer crispy. I recommend either eating the waffle first or switch between one and the other.  This place is a must-go for any hometown Houstonians or out-of-town folks.Ok, hands down this is the best "wings and waffles" that I have ever had. The grits are slap your momma good. I felt the catfish left a little to be desired, but every other aspect of this place is awesome. You feel at home here, they welcome you with open arms.Amazing food! Best chicken and waffles in Texas! The grits are also very delicious! If you come to Houston make sure you stop at the Breakfast Klub!The wait was longWorth the wait!!!Awesome!Finally made it!!! I've been hearing about this place for a while. It doesn't disappoint. There was a a small line on Monday afternoon and trying to find a parking spot was a little hectic but the food makes up for the wait. I had french toast and wings. By far some of the best wings I've ever had!! Will be returning soon. The only thing I would change is putting a sign somewhere explaining the ordering process and where to get silverware and fixings.The ONLY negative thing I can say about Breakfast Klub is that there is usually a line around the building.  But I always wait!  The food, the amazing service, and the CHEESE GRITS are worth waiting in line for.  Every time.I took one star away because I HATE waiting and every weekend I've been here (and I've been here a good amount of weekends), without fail I am always waiting 45 minutes to an hour. Granted, there is a reason that the wait for weekend brunch is ridiculously long, since the food is A-MAZING but it doesn't make me any less annoyed! But overall, regardless of the wait, I really love this place. Whoever concocted up the waffles/chicken wings combination is a bloody genius and should get 100 medals. I LOVE the wings and waffles here, it is the only dish I get. I've had wings and waffles at other restaurants before, but I love that these waffles are perfectly cooked, not too sweet but not too bland, not too crunch but not too soft, JUST RIGHT. And I've always liked chicken wings over drumsticks (harder to eat, but so much more fun!) and the chicken wings that The Breakfast Klub uses is crispy on the outside and so deliciously moist on the inside. Combine it all together with some butter and syrup and you have heaven in your mouth. Sometimes I try to order a side of potatoes but I don't know why I do that to myself because I am just SO full from the wings and waffles I can only take a bite or two of the potatoes. What a waste, I know. But the potatoes are tasty as well! And although the wait in LINE is long, once you order your food, the wait for that is incredibly quick! To be honest, I have a feeling they just make wings & waffles nonstop because of the sheer amount of orders they get, but hey, if I get my wings & waffles within a few minutes of sitting down at my table, I AIN'T COMPLAININ'. Love the staff here, they are all incredibly friendly and they check up on you constantly during your meal to make sure everything is okay. Randomly went on a weekday for lunch and was pleasantly surprised that there was 1) no wait and 2) live music. Granted, the music makes it a little loud to hold an intimate conversation, but when you're eating comfort food... AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR AN INTIMATE CONVERSATION. It's time to forget what's around you and tuck in to your plate!Sidenote: If you have a big group, GET IN LINE ALL AT ONCE. Other customers don't take too kindly when you have 4 people in line and then every 10-15 minutes you add 2-3 people to your group. Hungry people are incredibly cranky people, so you really don't want to deal with that mess.Best fried chicken and fried catfish ANYwhere.  There are only 2 dishes you should eat here: Wings 'n Waffles and Katfish 'n Grits.  Their self-serve coffee is very good, too.  There will be a huge wait (try to get there before 10), but the line moves quickly and the service is OUTSTANDING.  It feels like eating at your nice grandma's house, you know, the sweet one who makes the best food ever.The chicken and waffles are really really good. The wait is terrible. Don't go to work right after eating the chicken and waffles... you will be sleepy the rest of the day and no amount of coffee will help!I don't really get it.love this place, relaxing, wonderful service, great foodthe owner Marcus is niceget there early if you want to eat!I've been reading about this place for a long time but the fear of the long wait in line kept me at bay. That is, until, the girlfriend and I had a random Tuesday morning off of work/school and she reminded me how much we'd heard about the Breakfast Klub. There are so many things we wanted to try, but we both decided to have fried chicken and waffles (a first for both of us, from anywhere). I drenched mine in honey, she doused hers with warm maple syrup. I couldn't quite wrap my brain around what my taste buds were picking up, but I knew it was amazing. We polished them off in no time. Great service, great coffee selection, and food that somehow lives up to the hype.Breakfast Klub is, of course, legendary in Houston and doesn't, by any means, need my help in hyping it.  But I'm new to Yelp so I'll review.  After a happy hour that extended a little later than intended, I woke up early and headed down for a hearty healing breakfast early on a Friday morning.  I was warmly greeted as I walked in, and the smile didn't leave my face through the meal.  All the staff were extremely nice-- especially since it was 7 AM.I had the catfish and grits with a side of sausage gravy for my biscuit.  The catfish was perfect.  I don't even like catfish that much, generally, but this meal was scrumptious.  My gravy was forgotten, and I had to track it down, but it wasn't much trouble.I enjoyed the scene, too.  Many happy, friendly, soulful people; beautiful paintings in the background and feel good gospel from the speakers at just the right volume.  On a weekend I'd fear the line, but for a weekday breakfast I'll surly return.Pretty good, but definitely over rated. Waffles were too soggy for my taste. Wings were good, but not good enough to justify waiting in line for more than 5 minutes.Catfish plate was much better.Hands down for this place!I've tried the Klub Benedict and it didn't disappoint me.The second time I came here, I had to try what they're famous for and that's CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!  Now, I could say that I have the Breakfast Klub whole deal experience.If you don't mind waiting in line then you can actually enjoy the whole experience but if you are going to complain about the long wait, then this place is not for you.Love it!Great food and worth the wait!Awesome food, nuff said.I ordered the chicken and waffles and my mother ordered the catfish.  Both the chicken and catfish were fried to perfection. The meat melted in your mouth and you could have peeled off the fried layer and still gotten all the flavor sealed in the meat. The waffles were fresh and delicious, but the syrup was absolutely to die for.  The decor is beautiful- a nice open dining room with fresh, young art. The staff was very friendly and offered lots of Southern hospitality.  Seriously, go here. It may be a bit pricey for breakfast, but you will not regret it!Don't get me wrong the food is good but as much as it is hyped up to be i wasn't  impressed. I got the fried catfish and grits with eggs over easy. my eggs were slightly runny in a bad way with leaky clear liquid yuck! the grits were decent fried catfish was pretty darn good though. I would go again, but no boosting.Took my mom here while she was in town, kept hearing about how awesome it is. AND IT IS SO AMAZING. A little pricey but so worth it. I start drooling even thinking about the chicken here. My mom had the french toast and it was just as tasty! She still talks about it. Would recommend this place all the time forever to everyone.A solid place.I've actually been a fan of the Breakfast Klub for quite some time but am only now getting around to reviewing it.Over Memorial Weekend I was visiting with the wonderful Monica M., and we decided to drop by on Memorial Day itself. I've always said I wouldn't take off stars for something a restaurant can't control, like how long the line is, so I'm sticking to my guns for this one. Yes, the line can become brutal in the hot Houston summer but they do provide ice water and some canopies to offset this so I do have to give them credit for trying to help their patrons out. I think the longest I've ever waited in line here is just over an hour and a half. But as a warning, if you want to have Sunday brunch here, get in line before 10:30 or else you're due for an hour wait minimum.  Onto the breakdown!Atmosphere: The atmosphere is pretty cozy, the tables don't have an overly cramped feeling and they are decently spaced from each other. There's local artwork on the walls and they always play music I like. In addition I like how the drinks and condiments area has a slightly enclosed space that doesn't infringe upon the seating areas. Overall the atmosphere is great for a brunch place.Service: The ordering setup involves placing your order at a cashier and you're given a number, you then proceed to claim a table and collect your own beverages and condiments. There is a server who will help seat large group, but I usually come in parties of 4 or smaller so we find our own table. Once seated the food comes out pretty quickly. In addition the servers will stop by periodically and politely ask how things taste. What I love about this restaurant is that despite its overwhelming popularity, I have never felt rushed by the staff. Essentially the in and out rate is customer regulated but it works perfectly. I've almost never had problems finding an open table after placing my order.Food: The important thing here is the food! I always get almost the same thing with a random side order of whatever I am feeling. I get the Catfish and Grits with Texas toast, potatoes and grits. I pass on the eggs because I can make eggs on my own. You have the option of getting cheese grits as well. I personally prefer classic butter grits. I've tried the wings and they are well seasoned but you could get the waffle at almost any other brunch spotThe catfish is breaded and fried, but the seasoning on the breading is amazing. It is a pretty salty dish. The catfish has as good of a texture as catfish can have. Personally when it comes to fish, catfish isn't one of my favorites; I prefer saltwater fish (yes I know it's ironic because I'm from the midwest aka the home of freshwater great lakes fish). Freshwater fish tends to have that slightly muddy, fishy taste that saltwater fish normally doesn't have. In addition catfish are kind of similar to bottom dwellers so there is usually a stronger muddy taste and the texture of catfish is "meatier" than most fish which makes it unusual as well. HOWEVER fish analysis detour aside, the catfish here is as good as catfish gets. The potatoes are skillet fried and southwestern style with bell peppers and onions and are extremely flavorful and delicious. The Texas toast is classic heavily buttered Texas Toast and tastes great with preserves (it's the savory/sweet combo that gets me). As far as grits are concerned the ones here are amazing. They come out with a small pool of butter placed in an indent in the middle that I usually stir quickly into the rest of the grits so I can continue my delusions of healthy eating. As far as side orders are concerned I have added on french toast, waffles, and extra grits on separate occasions. The french toast is great. There's the perfect touch of cinnamon and the coating isn't overwhelming. The waffle is obviously amazing since it comprising 1/2 of the other signature dish at the restaurant. The waffle is fluffy on the inside and crisp on the outside. As far as extra grits is concerned, like I said, I prefer to delude myself into thinking they are psuedo "healthy". I will make a note that their prices have been rapidly increasing in the last 3 years. The first time I went to the Breakfast Klub 3 years ago, my ex and I probably spent around $30 (tip included) for  an order of Catfish and Grits, an order of Chicken and Waffles, and two drinks. This last time I ordered an order of Catfish and Grits, a side order of grits, and a drink and apparently spent $30 also after tip. So essentially the prices have almost doubled in 3 years.  Now you are paying for an iconic breakfast, literally.However at the end of the day I do love the food there. The price hikes are what makes me knock off a star. For $30 I really could get brunch for two (or at least brunch for myself plus two mimosas) at almost any other place in Houston. It's worth checking out at least once, but given that they have hiked up the prices like crazy recently, I probably won't come back as often.Really liked it!  Worth the line outside on a friday morning.  The greeter was super duper nice, i don't know her name but OMG i wanted to bring her home with me so she can greet me at the door when I get home every night.  You've got to go to this place at least once in your life, if not more.  Listen to the greeter when she tells you the rules for ordering and dining in.  Only negative was that I had to keep getting up to refill my coffee.Everyone raves about this place, but I have to add that the biscuits are the best in the whole of Texas. They serve good coffee. The line moves pretty fast, too.Wow, I loved my first experience here! I'm a huge breakfast eater & of course is always on the hunt for a good breakfast joint. After reading all the wonderful reviews that fellow yelpers had to say about this place, I finally made the trip out here from Sugar Land.It's Easter Sunday and of course, there was a line. But the weather was so beautiful, I didn't mind waiting at all. And plus, the employees there were so pleasant & talked to you while you're waiting. We got to the front of the line after 30 minutes of waiting (not too bad for Easter Sunday!). The inside of the restaurant was so adorable....reminds me a lot of breakfast/coffee shop back in New Orleans where I grew up. So I felt right at home. I ordered the wings & waffles. Wings were perfectly crisp & very well seasoned....loved! Waffle was soft & fluffy with a hint of sweetness...just the way I like it! IMO, there is nothing to dislike about this place! I will be back again & again!Chicken and chicken wings make me think of the west coast, and I feel like I'm in a Quentin Tarantino film where Samuel L. Jackson is taking me for "chicken and waffles."  A friend took me here, and I've long heard about the legendary lines.  However, at 8:00 a.m. on a Monday, the crowd was filling most tables, but there was no wait.  Ordered the chicken and waffles and LOVED it.  What a combination!  Great waffles, light amount of syrup (I've moved away from syrup as I've gotten older), and the coffee was delicious as well.  I need to come back, try other things, but the atmosphere was warm and inviting, the food very delicious, and I tried something new!  A gem of the Houston dining scene!I can see how this can be a morning hangout.  The food was decent (tried the signature Katfish & Grits). That and a cup of coffee was $20.Just go. It's killer. Great breakfast - super fresh fruit. Friendly staff. I had a blast and would go back at any time!I wanted to believe the hype. I really did. Had their wings and waffles and katfish and grits and it just didn't live up to it. I'll still eat it again if someone got it to-go for me though.It seemed that everyone had nothing but good reviews for the Breakfast Klub and I totally agree. My mom and I had gotten up early to get in line. The wait wasnt too bad, like 30 mins. Once we got inside, I ordered the chicken and waffles and grits. That was a lot of food and it was good!! My mom got pancakes, eggs and grits...her plate was empty when we left. I would definitely go again. My only advice is to get there early because when we left, the line was very long.The Klub is the anti-Denny's. Loud, crowded, fast, jazzy, both hip and homey,  with the best breakfast that'll hit a plate in Houston. Avoid the lines by coming early on a weekday, otherwise make some new friends outside and get a hug from the sweetest woman handing out menus and whetting appetites with plates of food. Don't miss the buttery, creamy grits, wings, perfect eggs, Texas toast (the only kind they make), and crispy Catfish . The sausage tastes herby and homemade-great. It ain't cheap, but you get a ton of great food with plenty to take home. You can't go wrong at The Klub!Amazeballs lolFantastic chicken and waffles! The line is always crazy long, but once you get in it's really quick.Soul Food for breakfast?  I'm in!Best place in town for breakfast....the wait is worth every second....cause so many people like me write good reviews. And the staff is so happy to have a job and be working and the company must treat them with respect and pay well....Hot wings and waffles...ohlalalalala....slap my Southern MotherHavent been here in a while, but I do remember it being excellent.  Reminded me alot of Roscoes in LA, but with a southern charm.bestwaffleandchickeneverThe chicken and waffles will ruin you for any other meal the rest of your life. Chef recommends.Hard to beat fried chicken and waffles with great service, huge portions, and lively atmosphere.I went here because it was hyped up really hard (esp the Chicken and Waffles). I got there early because there's always a line that wraps around outside the place.  I didn't have to wait very long, and the staff was pretty nice and helpful, but sadly the food was pretty average.  I honestly don't really know what people see in this place that makes it worth waiting outside for an hour.The best chicken I ever had way worth the wait outside .the staff are very nice and polite the food came out in like 5-10 mins I wish I could eat here daily.It's ok, but it is really expensive. We waited in line for about 20 mins and I thought it must really be worth it but was not impressed. I have to say I wasn't disappointed either, just very expensive.I only ever order the Wings and Waffle and it never disappoints! The chicken is seasoned and crispy, the waffle is equally delicious, and the hot syrup brings everythiing together! Avoid peak hours such as weekend brunch because you will undoubtedly wait in what seems like an endless line; plan ahead by going right before they close or being the early bird and getting there right when it opens. It is a bit on the pricey side; they have definitely raised their prices since I've been going there which is a con, but I don't go often so its okay to splurge on breakfast every once in a while.  I've also had their homemade lemonade but was not a fan--it is extremely sweet and had the consistency of syrup. Not good!Food was and always good, however, the wait is just ridiculous.living in california for 10 years i never thought there would be a place that does chicken and waffles better than Roscoe's in Long beach,Ca until i went to The Breakfast Klub. We arrived at 11am on a sunday the line was wrapped around the building!  i thought to myself this is Crazy!  My friends who have been there before told me the line moves fast and the chicken and waffles was worth the wait.  i had my doubts about the place after waiting for an hour i look over to my left and i see James Harden in sweats walking past the line straight inside. i thought to myself wow if you got NBA players rollin up just to have some chicken you must be doing something right. we finally ordered and got our food it was super good. what really made it good was the waffles had perfect texture goes so well with the chicken. i hope i can make the trip back sometime soon.We ate there twice....waffles and chicken.  The three of us found the food subpar.  The chicken was under cooked and the waffles dry.  We went back the second time to make sure we were correct...not worth the trip nor the long lines that I see.  This is not good southern food.  We are from North Carolina & Virginia.One star notch down because of the wait. But once you get in, the food is pretty good. Especially the chicken and waffles. The fried chicken are finger lickin' good! Expect to spend some dough for breakfast fare.Do I really need to add another 5 star review to the plethora of  great reviews that my fellow Yelpers have written?  OF COURSE!  Why not join the Klub?!!After many years of hearing about this place and watching people drool with the slightest mention of the infamous waffles and wings, I decided to treat myself to a birthday brunch with my cousin in tow in celebration of Father's Day.  Service and food (and not in that particular order, but evenly spectacular) were spot on as the rest of the Yelpers mention in their reviews.  Everyone at BK have definitely been taught to give service with a smile :) However, we went early in the morning on a weekday, so we didn't stand in  line that long and we received our orders pretty much as soon as we sat down from gathering our refreshments and utensils.  Despite my satisfied stomach, I didn't want to review this place until I came in the heat of the moment, the peak of the day--the weekend! Me and a friend had purchased $10 for $20 voice deals back in late March and decided to go after church.  Honestly, I knew what to expect with the line--it was around the building), but I was unsure of the parking situation. Some Yelpers mentioned that there is parking across the street, but the day that I went, the big parking lot across from BK is being demolished.  I didn't want to be late, so I parked in a  pay2park lot about a block away. I didn't think I needed to pay for the spot given that it was the weekend and the self pay machine reminded me of an old school rusty soda machine  that only accepts coins, I didn't want to take any chances: I ran to the car, put about 6 pennies in the thing like I actually paid the 1.50 and got to steppin to BK! Later on, my friend (who use to work at BK), told me she lucked up on a free lot across the street at the vacant store, but they're far and few in between.   There's also another lot closer to the freeway for BK patrons, but not really any signage to dictate that. That is really my only compliant because one thing that turns my appetite off is trying to figure out where to park, but I recovered quickly as I inhaled the waft of waffles and chicken blowing in the wind, so. . . ON TO THE FOOD!  Even though I wouldn't normally pay $20 dollars for brunch--it's worth it!  The proportions are humungous, scrumptious, delectable, incredible. . .you get it!  On my second visit I decided to partake of the french toast, which I was told would take more time to make, but it was out just as fast as the rest of my company's orders. Even if I had to wait, food that melts in your mouth like this is worth waiting for!  Plus, the owner, himself, came over and checked on us.  Asked us how the food taste and if we needed anything. Not saying that owners shouldn't do that, but I really appreciate how humble a local business owner is to his or her patrons even with local and national notoriety !  Good for you Mr. Davis, which is why I will continue to support BK in hopes that the joint expands and or franchises. A girl can only dream! Til then,  I'll fantasize about my next rendezvous to the Klub for chicken and wings!We got here on a Sunday morning around 9:30am or so and there wasn't a line out the door yet. But within 5 mins of waiting for a table, the line wrapped around quick! We had 5 people in our group and this was all of our first time here. We didn't want to hold up the line so we made it easy and just ordered 2 orders of Chicken & Waffles, 2 orders of Catfish & Grits, and 2 orders of the Eggs Benedict. Everything was so good. The chicken was crisy. The catfish was flavorful. The eggs benedict had loads of bacon and yummy hollandaise sauce on it. The portions were plentiful. Needless to say, we ordered too much and needed a to-go box! Even though you order at the counter and fill your own beverages and get your own condiments, the service was impeccable.  The staff brought our food to our table quickly and with a smile. They cleared our table when we were done but we never felt rushed. We really felt the Southern hospitality.Great environment and super duper customer service. Very consistent. Been going there for years and the only thing that's changed is somehow they've figured out a way to get better and better.I dont travel to far from the Galleria or West U area unless there is something special about a place. An there is definitely something special about the Breakfast Klub.  When I finally went with a friend, we could understand 100% why there was a line.  The food at the Breakfast Klub is very food-coma worthy.  The biscuits and gravy are delicious, the grits are good, and the service is fast and efficient.  I found out it, it is better to know what you want prior to ordering. Make sure you check out their menu online..   bit.ly/K7uM3R  your gonna love it!!!It's good. Looooong queue in the morning.I had the wings and waffles plate. Super delicious! The french toast was also amazing. The price is a little too high for one person but if you go in a group and get different things, the portions are enough to share.I love their spinach and mushroom omlets!!Awesome!!!  So much fun!!!!  The greeting we got while waiting in line was worth the whole visit!  The lady outside talking to us and handing out the menus was so sweet!  We loved her!  Then everyone inside was wonderful!  The staff was so helpful and friendly!  They all seemed so genuine and happy to be there.  Everything was also done incredibly efficiently.   The employees were so great that even if the food wasn't great, I loved going there.  BUT!  The food was great and the coffee was incredible!!!  I don't even know which of the coffees I got, but I wanted to swim in the cup!   I can't wait to go back!  LOVED IT!!!!best breakfast in townWings and waffles are a must eat. Catfish and grits are nextService was not very good & prices are a bit out of lime for the amount of food you get but it didn't teats bad.Delicious coffee, huge portions, but very long wait/line.  I highly recommend the chicken and waffles, it is well worth the wait!Chicken and waffles is one of my favorite foods and The Breakfast Klub does not disappoint. Totally worth the wait in line.I love this place! It is the ONLY restaurant I would ever stand in line for. The food is AMAZING and the staff area ALWAYS on point and friendly. They remember your face and always greet you. They make you feel like family from the time you wait in line until you are walking back out the door. I have friends that come out of town just so we can go to Breakfast Klub. I would recommend The Breakfast Klub to anyone!Best chicken and waffles on the planet! There is usually a line, but it moves fast and the food is well worth the wait.Come early, there's always a line, sometimes all the way around the corner. This is the best place if you want breakfast at any time of the day.The only poblem is the line.  But that is part of the fun.Everytime I go to the Breakfast Klub there is a line to the street, but the food is always really good, fresh and comes out quick.Probably the only breakfast place I know that has lines around he corner & down the street! I love coming here with friends whenever I'm back home in Houston. This place is dear to me & the food is great! THE LINE IS WORTH THE WAIT THAT'S FOR SURE!!Chicken & Waffle's..............Yes Sir and the atmosphere is excellent.Perfecting basic food is not that simple of a job. The Breakfast Klub is the perfect example of success based on their ability to cook the most basic of foods (Waffle and Chicken). The pricing is reasonable considering the amount of costumers and the quality of food. Considering they are in an isolated location and I was there on Tuesday 11am-12am and the place was mostly full... I'd say my plate of yumminess was no fluke.Plus the service was outstanding and friendly. It stands up to it's Yelp reputation.Really good breakfast.  Be ready to wait in line... this place is popular.  I had the Klub Benedict and it was great.  Big portions and very rich/flavorful food.  Will probably try the waffle and wings if I ever find myself eating here again.You will have to wait in line.  There's a reason, though.  The food is great.I can't really explain it more than that.  The scrambled eggs are made wet, to perfection, and the fried porkchops are tender.  A kind soul let me know I wasn't allowed to eat the porkchops with a fork and knife though...remember that.The waitstaff was kind, and the service swift.  Eat this food.The breakfast klub is a houston must go to. I love to come here on my lazy mornings and treat myself to a special breakfast. Everything on the menu is fantastic....you seriously can't go wrong with any option. It's not the healthiest breakfast option but who cares.....it's ok to indulge every now and then!The best place for chicken and waffles, no other place compares.Never had a bad experience. ..great service and breakfast.!Always a treat.  Great food. Great Service.  Worth the wait!This place took me by surprise completely when I arrived and tried it for the first time. One of my good friend recommended this place and it was a great choice!When I saw the restaurant with people in line 9 am in the morning, I seriously did not understand how a breakfast restaurant can be this famous and popular. We stood in line for 10 minutes before we walked into the store. However, we saw the sign that they only sit complete party; therefore, we had to walk out and wait outside until our friends came. It was not fun at all because it was a windy and cold day outside in the morning. I totally understand why the restaurant has this policy and I respect that. I would recommend you to tell all your friends to be on time for this place! The good thing of waiting in the line was that they provide free coffee outside. That was really sweet especially we were standing there for half an hour for our friends to arrive. The line also moved fairly fast so we didn't wait too long for our breakfast. We ordered their signature dishes - chicken wing with waffles and catfish with grits. I loved their chicken wings, which were marinated thoroughly with great flavor and breaded nicely with thin crust outside. The wings were fried to perfection with crispy outside and juicy tender inside. I also liked their catfish which was again breaded well and fried perfectly. I enjoyed the grits without butter. I asked the butter to be put on the side because I knew I will not use it even. The grits was great balance with the greasy catfish. I enjoyed the meal very much with their unlimited coffee. It was a fulfilling, tasty, southern, comfort food breakfast. However, it was VERY heavy with lots of butter and loaded with tons of carbohydrate items. This is the reason why I only give 4 stars because it was a very heavy meal with somewhat a chaotic environment. When we were there eating, the line outside grew longer and longer. I could feel the environment inside was intense and rushed. I wish that I can enjoy the meal without the feeling of crowded, rushed, or chaotic. Furthermore, I can probably only eat this type of breakfast once every few months since it is incredibly heavy on butter and carbs. I will definitely return to this restaurant again with my friends and enjoy their wings with waffles or catfish with grits.chicken and waffles. enough said.This place is delicious! Yes, the line usually sucks but I went around 10 in the morning on a Saturday and there were only about 5 people ahead of me when I arrived. I'm sure that's not always case but a rediculous line is not always the case either.I ordered the biscuits and gravy with a coffee. They don't serve alcohol so no mimosas but it seemed like their most popular item was the chicken and waffles.Pretty darned good waffles and coffee. Prepare for a wait though; may be around the building if you get there long after opening time on the weekend. It moves fairly fast, and the chicken and/or catfish and waffles are worth it if you're in the mood.I had the famous Chicken & Waffles, and yes, it is all that & a bag of chips. But, what makes this place so great are the people working here, the woman out front talking to customers waiting in line in the sun on the sidewalk in downtown Houston, the people at the counter, the other customers happy to be in there sharing the experience with you. Just go & you'll know.OH MY DAMN!!!I fell in love with their catfish and grits for breakfast.  The "head boss lady" who greets everyone at the door is one of the best reasons to go...and the coffee is amazing too.Maybe it was over-hyped. Maybe it was just mediocre. Maybe I'm not a fried chicken or wings person. And never before have my grits taken on a semi-solid form like they did here. But I wasn't that impressed. A 40 minute wait on a Wednesday morning? No thanks.Chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy are the best in the city.  Almost always a line when you go...but it's worth the wait.Excellent food and ambiance. However, they are a bit pricey and the lines can be horrendous.Great atmosphere, long lines, good food. Must try it at least once.Went for the first time a month or so ago. My father was in town and I had heard this was the best place in town for breakfast. We arrived to see a line out the door, which I had been told to expect. There was hostess that was standing outside greeting everyone and offering us menus; the line moved quite quickly. I had the catfish and grits (I was curious), and it was AWESOME! Huge portions, the catfish was very high quality. Thick shapely filets, an excellent batter, and the fish was firm and not too flaky. I don't recall what my father had, but he enjoyed it. The coffee was also great!Located in a part of town where there's not much else going on, it's great to see a thriving business.  The place is clean, the service is good.  You order & pay as you go in, they deliver the food to your table.  Be prepared to stand in line.  The tables are close together.  The place is incredibly LOUD.  The prices are not cheap.  $3 for a cup of bottomless coffee (you go up and get your own refills). Two breakfast specials (before 9 a.m. it's cheaper) came to $25.85.  Would I go here routinely?  No, because it's too expensive, and there are no substitutions such as fresh fruit for the biscuits or ham/sausage/bacon.  It serves a niche.  There are so many awesome cafes/breakfast places in Houston, I couldn't put this on the top of my list.  Also, parking is dicey and a problem.Excellent food, the wings and waffle combo are unbeatable.  A little pricey, but you pay for what you get.  It's WELL worth it!I love the Breakfast Klub Chicken and Waffles but I do think it is a bit pricey. I will go back in the future but $15.00 is little too much for breakfast and $3.00 for coffee c'mon???Loved the chicken and waffles, the wait in line was ridiculous though, esp in the Houston sun but I liked that they gave you a menu while in line and the service was pretty fastVery good Chicken and Waffles and Fish and Grits. I usually never finish plates when I go out to eat (eyes much bigger than my stomach, much to my dismay), but I managed to put away my entire plate of chicken and waffles all by myself, it was that good. However, I have not been back since my initial visit because the wait was so long. As good as the food is, it's still overhyped and not worth the wait, in my opinion. There are other good places where I can get my chicken and waffles fix that don't require standing outside in the hot sun for an hour--that's the minus 1 (or maybe 1.5) stars.WORTH THE WAIT! Waited for an hour on a Friday. Chicken and waffle is very tasty. Service is very good. Hostess do take care of you while you stand in line, ordering, and as you are enjoying the food. Will definitely go back and maybe I will go there in the wee hoursI had to debate with myself whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars. So lets just go with 3 1/2. After hearing so many good things about this place from friends I had to check it out. So, first off parking is a B!tc$ , I hate street parking bc I'm always in fear of getting towed. The line to order is usually long , but moves rather quickly. It's not that I don't like this place, I just feel that it's overrated. One thing I do like here is the coffee, yum! The chicken and waffles, eh, um, they're good I guess? I don't know, maybe it's bc I can't get over the fact that I'm eating chicken for breakfast. Chicken and breakfast just don't go together in my mind! The one thing I can say I don't like about TBK are the prices , it's rather pricey for breakfast! Overall, TBK isn't bad and ill probably be back , but I don't get all the appeal.My absolute favorite breakfast place, ever! The only thing I don't like is the line, but once you taste the food you understand the line, and will stand in it again.  Everything I've ordered from here I love, everything.Best Breakfast I had in Houston. The french toast is great, and I love the grits here. Line is huge but moves fast and def worth it. The owner was there last time I went there and stop by to chat with customers, really nice and genuine.I tried it because people are bragging about it. First, I am not a big breakfast eater or in too fry foods. My comment might be bias.  I had grits, eggs, chicken, and cat fish. Yes I ordered too much.  Fry foods most of it are greasy so take that as consideration.  I am not a big grits eater but enjoyed the grits than any on my plates .  Be straight , am I excited  to go back there again, no.  I think if you are a heathy eater and not into greasy stuffs . You might not enjoy it as the other people.  It took 30 mn to get seated. If you wait later the longer the line. So come between 8 and 9am.  Staffs are friendly. I might not totally enjoyed the food but finally visited this place so out of my list .My brother and his girlfriend  took me here for some wings and waffles and me and boy was I satisfied! The employees there were very enthusiastic and energetic! Hopefully he'll take me again soon!It's been awesome watching this little place grow roots in Houston and became a staple in this Foodie City!!! The long lines (that move pretty swiftly) are patrons from all walks of life, and are great indicators that your dining experience will be delicious!! And most times, you'll be greeted by the owner who is making sure everyone has an enjoyable visit. You're first visit may be overwhelming to you as things move at a fast pace at the register. Hang in there, you'll be a pro on your 2nd visit! :)Chick n waf. delish.Food 3 starsSERVICE..............5 STARSI'm basing my score on the food only though.Well let's see. Where to begin. First timer.Got there Sunday morning at 8 am. Line wasn't as bad as I had imagined.The friendly greeter with the menus is a nice touch. Well done.I had the breakfast special: bacon, eggs scrambled, biscuit, potatoes, coffee.My guest had bacon, eggs over medium, toast, potatoes, coffee.My food arrived first. My eggs were over medium. No problem. I can deal with that.My guest's food arrived 10 minutes later and it was wrong. Again, no biggie. We just repeated the order. 3 minutes later Terry one of the general managers personally brought the meal to our table. Apologized. Brought our money back to compensate for the meal. AND gave us a gift card to come back on another day.....on him.To be fair, I did not order the chicken & waffles or the catfish. Sorry, I'm just really old fashioned and just not a fried chicken or fried fish eater on Sunday mornings. The food was average. I get the same type of food at other places.The coffee is EXCELLENT. Like the choices.Again, the SERVICE was ABOVE PAR.Yes I will come back again. And not because of the free gift card LOLTerry....thank you for your courteous service. And your staff is VERY friendly too.Just great down home cooking. Love it.From the greeter in line, buss boys, cashiers, waffles, coffee, gospel music - I do believe this is the best place to start your day in HoustonGood breakfast spot, waffles and wings style.Love the chicken and waffles! The line gets long but worth it! At almost 9 months pregnant, I stood in line for almost an hour  to eat just eat there.  Well worth it! Funny thing, the next day my water broke and I had my beautiful baby girl.  Apparently, she was waiting to have one last yummy meal.  And I swear she came out smelling like waffles! :)Great food and atmosphere but pricey for breakfast.SO FREAKIN GOOD!!! You wont regret going here. #satisfiedGrits. Coffee. Waffles.  Yum!I have a love/hate relationship with this place.....love the food, hate the freaking wait (outside).  Chicken and waffles are excellent but my favorite itis producing meal is the Catfish n Grits! By far the best southern cooking restaurant in Houston.After waiting in line for over an hour I knew the food had to be good. Well it was great! The staff was extremely nice and very catering. The owner was there to help and make sure everything ran smoothly .. big plus. Next time I will be one of the first in line!All I have to say is....just go there!! There's a reason there's a line there every day.Loved the chicken and waffles. The coffee was a steal as well, they give you a mug and you can refill it with whatever you want. I had something weird in my food but they traded it out for me. Great service. Went there on a weekday morning, so it wasn't as busy. I don't think they offer to-go meals, so this is definitely a spot to bring your friends and hang out. Parking is terrible, you're better off parking a few blocks away.gross!Good!wings![wings and waffles]How did I stand in line in 30 something degree weather for 15 minutes and this place still EXCEEDED my expectations?I have driven by and seen the line around the building and thought "Really? Can this place be so good that people are willing to stand in line?" Well, today I learned... YES! It is that good! We parked on the street as the lot is tiny, but there is parking across the street. We stood in the literally almost freezing windy weather for about 15-20 minutes. We were greeted by an extremely friendly lady who showed us the menu and just loved her job. There was coffee outside to warm yourself, because trust me, it was cold! When we finally made it inside, we already knew what we were having. What makes this place special is the service. From the moment you walk up to the second you walk out the door, you are treated like family. The people who own and work at The Breakfast Klub are truly happy and thankful to see you. The ambiance is great. People are smiling, awesome music is playing, the warm wood everywhere is beautiful as well as the many pieces of art on the walls. They've really hit the right note on what a southern breakfast place should be.5 minutes and our food was delivered: $31 for chicken and waffles, side of bacon, coffee, soda, and the meaty omelet with potatoes and toast. I shouldn't have gotten the extra bacon because I was just stuffed with the main courses. Silly me. The waffle was great, the omelet was PACKED full of bacon and other yummy ingredients. The coffee was delicious. The only thing I would not again is the bacon.  The bacon is a little too fatty for my tastes. My husband had coffee. Ok, so who reviews coffee at a non-coffee shop? Well, let me tell you.  They have several coffee dispensers and they have them lined up from mild to bold. My husband loved his coffee and loved the set up as well. The details:-park across the street in the closed business lot. It's allowed, you won't get ticketed.-They only serve lunch Monday - Friday.  No lunch on the weekends.BRAVE THE LINE! You won't regret it.Holy good gosh!  What an amazing experience and great way to spend a Saturday morning.  The smells bellowing out of TBK and the people watching are worth the 30-45 minute wait in line outside in the Texas heat.   The food was truly amazing and if just visiting Houston or the south this is a great example of southern cooking.  My friend opted for the Katfish with grits eggs and toast and I had the Pork.  Truly amazing.  I had never eaten a pork chop like this before.  I have had Berkshire pork and all those proprietary porks, but this chop was succulent and juicy.  I will look forward to the day I get to have another chop again.  Although the meal consisted of at least 3000 calories, I would eat here no questions asked any day of the week (that speaks a lot about the food or maybe my incredibly horrible dining habit).  If I close my eyes I can still taste it.Stop by here on morning after work and tried the chicken and waffles and I must say, this place is amazing. The food was really good and the service was impeccable. I was greeted at the door and explained how things worked there. The place was packed at 9:30 in the morning with a bunch of business people and I luckily found one of the last table available. My chicken  and waffles were brought out to me hot and delicious. The chicken was seasoned amazingly and the waffle was light and fluffy. My only problem is that the place is too expensive to go to on a regular basis. My meal cost about 22 bucks after my entree and a bottle of juice. I am actually a fan of this dish and I have found really good examples of it for half the price. Besides that, I can't recommend this place more.I'm a big fan of chicken and I'm also a big fan of waffles. The combination of the two? Oh yeah, pretty much perfection. The first time I went to the Breakfast Klub actually has a funny story attached to it. At the time I was working for the Houston Rockets and being the avid fan that I am of the team, I knew that several of the players frequent the BK on their down time. I made a joke to the people accompanying me that it would be funny if we ran into one of the guys. It was the morning after a home game against the Lakers, which we won much to Battier's leadership and rally in the 4th quarter, so some of the staff noticed my Rockets shirt and we talked for a bit about the game the night before. On a sidenote, the staff are all extremely nice and friendly people and love talking to you while you wait in that long line.  Anyways, next thing I know Jordan Hill strolls in through the doors and it doesn't matter that I've been to a million games and have seen most of the guys up close, I still act like I've seen the president or something. Since the boys go to the BK a lot, the staff knows them well enough and vice versa. One of the employees called Jordan over and pointed out that I was one of his "co-workers." He just gave me a head nod and I awkwardly waved at him in return. Probably not my finest hour and one that when I re-think it in my head, I know I could have at least tried to come off as not a complete spaz. But to get to the point and talk about the actual food, BK never disappoints. Regardless of the wait, it's absolutely worth it and you will think the same thing after you've gone through that really long line and have taken that first bite. That's at least  how I feel. Famous for the chicken & waffles, I feel that it's almost an immediate must to try this at least once even if something else on the menu sounds appealing. Their fried chicken is just the right amount of juicy and their Belgian waffle is soft but has the right amount of crisp to it. I've also tried their French toast, while not my favorite or the best French toast I've ever had, still beats some of the other breakfast places out there.If you're impatient and don't like long lines then I suggest showing up right when they open or a little after, but I haven't heard of them turning anyone away in the line even though they do close at 2pm. As I've said before, the staff makes your stay enjoyable and they really are friendly, which just adds to the experience as a whole and is an added bonus to the already wonderful tasting food that they serve.This place is great.  The owner make you feel welcome at all times.  Not only does he make you feel welcome, the door greeter lady makes you feel right at home.  And she is hilarious!  I think its about time for me to pay The Breakfast Klub another visit.  I'll take this place over Rosco's any day...Long wait but we'll worth it!This is not just a restaurant; it is an experience. My mom was telling people about this place for days. I had the biscuits and sausage gravy and then tried some of my mom's homemade sausage that she ordered.. truthfully, I would have rather that sausage in my gravy, but hey - it was still delicious. The staff members were so friendly and weren't even overwhelming after a red-eye flight from California, although they flirted with the line being that it was 7 AM. Either way, this is a great place and I am excited to make people go here. Word.WTF why is this place so popular?? food is on par with school cafateria...I had high expectations for this place because everyone had built it up for so long and let me tell yah...they were met! Giving this place a rating less of 5 stars should be a crime! Yes I had to wait 15 min. in line but my food was at the table almost as soon as I sat down. There is a reason people are willing to wait in that line you always see around the building when you pass by in the morning. Its the best breakfast in town!grits are amazing here.  i've never had such good grits.  i had the catfish and grits and the hubby had the chicken and waffles.  catfish is very tasty and chicken is pretty good, but not as good as roscoe's in LA.  i love to drizzle the waffle syrup on the chicken -- not sure why i never think to do that at home.laid back environment but it was a bit warm inside.  not sure if the AC was on the fritz but i personally like to eat fatty food in a cold environment.  makes me feel less sloth-like.My family and I visited last Sunday for the first time. It was absolutely Magnificent.  I had the catfish and grits, my husband the chicken and waffles and my daughter had the pancakes. We all shared. Every bite was delicious. We will certainly visit again.The BK (not Burger King) gets the one-star bump for being so unique. I'd heard of the raves The Breakfast Klub gets, and, though nothing on the menu really screamed out at me (catfish, grits--not my thing), besides the wings and waffles, I figured The BK was one of those places you have to check out as a Houston native. The first time I came, there was a line out the door, and having no idea how fast the food came out, I bounced. Standing in July heat? Thank you ma'am, but I must beg your pardon.I recently came on a weekday for breakfast, so there were only five people or so ahead of me. Imagine my surprise when this older Southern lady asked me if I'd been here and proceeded to explain how everything worked (order, get a number, hot syrup to the side). For this place's cult popularity, I was imagining something like those videos you see of places which are known for their rudeness. My friend was already waiting at a table for us, so I was really surprised to see that she already had her food. My other friend got his wings and waffles within five minutes, and my Breakfast "Klub" came within three minutes. Now, I'm the sort of person who likes trying out crazy shit with my food.  Green tea powder? I'll just dump it in my cookies, ice cream, rice, and eggs (ham and green eggs, y'all). I've made bacon pancakes and bacon chocolate chip cookies, and have dreamed of the day when I'll be able to make waffles with fried chicken pieces in them. Until that day comes, chicken wings and waffles will suffice. The waffles--which was really one big round waffle--were standard, but the wings were the shiznitz. They were juicy, a little spicy, and crisp, without being oily. I tried getting wings and waffle in the same bites, but it was like having two separate entities in my mouth. I'm still going to make winged waffles one day (I have an image of Red Bull waffles). I'm pretty sure the Breakfast "Klub" would've induced a heart attack if I were in my 50s (that's why you have to eat all the fattening food while you're young, right?). It had thick bacon, presliced cheese, and the bread was slathered--no, soaked---in butter. It was kind of awesome, but kind of not. You know that duality that really, really fattening foods have.One thing I thought was awesome was the picture of Obama they had on one of the rails. At first, I thought it was a signed picture, how some restaurants have celebrities and dignitaries who come in to dine sign pictures, but then I realized it was just a picture of the Benevolent Obama, looking out for all the Breakfast Klubbers the way a Buddha would look out over the diners of a Chinese restaurant.The wait here can be ridiculous.  Be ready to wait for up to an hour.  But the food is pretty damn good.  Fried chicken and waffles looked a little dry at first but the chicken is super moist and you can douse the waffles in as much homemade syrup as you like.  The catfish is also a must try but I'd go w/ the chicken first.The Breakfast Klub is good, however you should go at a strange time (when they open) on a weird day (tuesday). The food was good! We got the chicken and waffles. However, I am not sure that I would have waited in the line that wraps around the corner to get it. Once you get in though, The Breakfast Klub has the friendliest service in Houston. It's definitely a place to check out!So, my ex coworker from Austin finally had time to visit me in Houston this past weekend for some much-needed, good ol' R&R. The Korean Slave Institution, aka Samsung Austin Semiconductor (where my friend is still currently held captive), has constructed a bamboo ceiling that continues to stint non-Korean employee growth and dishearten talented and ambitious young future leaders - who end up quitting for bigger and better opportunities (thank God). He, being one of these unfortunate people (sans the quitting part), wanted to see if Houston was a great place to live and seek employment. Though Houston lacks many unique outdoor amenities found in Austin, it makes up in numerous classy night clubs, exquisite museums, and southern style gastronomic landmarks (viz., The Breakfast Klub - according to Yelp). Heeding all the positive reviews, I took him and some friends here to show them what soul food was all about even though it was my first time as well. We got there around 11AM Sunday morning and were not surprised to see the infamously long line that wrapped around the building. Hallelujah for their strategically placed canopies and mist fans for I would have literally turned lobster red and melted in the scorching Houston heat without them. As we approached the entrance, our orders were taken ahead of time by a wandering host, who made the ordering process smooth and steady - much appreciated, kind sir. I ordered the chicken and waffles and sweet iced tea and my buddy ordered the fried catfish plate with buttered grits. By the time I grabbed utensils, napkins, maple syrup, and Tabasco sauce (can't live without it), my food was already out to be served, which was a blessing for we had to sit outside in the blistering heat - there was covering, though. The waffle was slightly crisp on the outside and amazingly light and fluffy on the inside. Its consistency was the best I've ever had and was just divine when matched with the aromatic waffle flavor and a smudge of maple syrup. Scattered around the scrumptious waffle were crisp chicken wings. A little disappointed that they were mere wings instead of a whole thigh, I was still pleased with its bold flavor. The batter used to coat each wing was heavily seasoned and spared no time making your palate aware of its presence. Though it was decent, I wasn't too impressed with their wings for I've been spoiled by wings from Pluckers. I tried my buddy's catfish and grits and was satisfied with how un-fishy, well seasoned, and crisp the catfish was and how buttery and smooth the grits were - he too was quite impressed. Their sweet iced tea, on the other hand, was not pleasant. To them, "sweet" meant tumultuous amounts of sugar. Seriously, it was so "sweet" Willy Wonka slapped his oompa loompas for making his chocolate taste like turd. The verdict? 4: 5 for authentic soul food that was better than I expected and 3 1/2 for angry, red-faced oompa loompas.A breakfast must try, only not on the weekend......way to many people. The chicken and waffles are amazing. Best fried chicken in HoustonNow that I live on the West Coast I can say this.  This is the Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles of the South--but better. By better I mean both tastier and classier. Now, unlike my West Coast friends, Houstonians don't like to stand in line.  An outside line in Houston on a summer Saturday morning should tell you something about this place.  Never had a bad meal here.  Probably one mistake made out of 20+ orders from this place and it was quickly corrected.  The Davis brothers know food and love to make their customers happy.Best damn grits I've ever had! The catfish was a catch too! They obviously got the memo about soaking the fish in milk first becuase there was no fishy taste. The fruit was OK but I didnt come here for the fruit so I wont judge them on it. The line was already backing up by 9ish but suprisingly we were seated and fed within 30 minutes. The artwork and music are very attention-grabbing too. The hostest and girls at the register were all on their game and I cant wait to return!Friendly folks .. Good indulgent food .. be strategic regarding when you visit .. holiday weekends and after church might require a longer wait.you have not had breakfast until you have had breakfast at the Klub. Marcus Davis has created not only a world-class breakfast eatery but a cultural institution. The Breakfast Klub creates signature dishes like wings and waffles... but there is not a thing on the menu that is unremarkable. I never knew that grits could be a life-changing experience until I tried them here. The Breakfast Klub is also a microcosm of the great city of Houston. People from very diverse backgrounds from all over the city meet here for great food and great company.This plays deserves more than 5 stars.  The service is absolutely amazing.  Everyone is treated with respect.  I can go on and on about the food.  The chicken wings don't need any sauce on them, and I've never had such perfectly poached eggs. I don't care that their lines stretch around the parking lot. I'm a regular.I have the best husband everrrr! I have been telling my boo I've been wanting to eat here and since we have two crazy monster toddlers, we never find time to so he brought them home to me! When I woke up this morning, my husband surprised me with wings n' waffles! Oh my! Best wings I've ever had! My taste buds were having a party. Juicy, crispy, and delicious. I wanted to enjoy the waffles as much as I did the wings. They were good, just not as good as them wings.Come on.....seriously.....$9.99 for a chicken and waffles which at best is good but not AMAZING to justify the price.  People are standing in 100 plus heat for this??? Ihop can do you just as good and cheaper.  Just because (supposedly) Beyonce and Jay-Z have been spotted here (again allegedly) it's just hype man! And what is with being open a little more than 6 hours each day?  Why not regular diner hours?  Overpriced and Overrrated....way way overrated- that's all I have to say.  Never going back again for those 2 reasons.I wanted to like this place a little more but I didn't seem to feel it like everybody else.  Maybe I caught them on a slightly off day or maybe the cooks were a little tired because they had a bus full of people who's setting was outside the restaurant.  This was a seating for about 50 people it seemed, they had about 10 chaffering dishes for these folks so maybe by the time we got there they were numb to make the food a wow factor, in any sense though the food was actually ok and not bad.  Met my food buddy there about 8:15 a.m because I was not going to wait in a long line so we only had to wait right outside the entrance door, cool. We were lucky to get parkin behind the back door of the place and I can tell you that it is pretty tricky and easy to pass up this place.  If you have not visited this place and are fixing too please head to what I am about to tell you if you get there early enough.  IF YOU GET THERE VIA MAIN AND TURN RIGHT ON ALABAMA, TAKE THE VERY VERY FIRST PARKING LOT YOU SEE ON YOUR RIGHT, THAT IS THE BACK OF THE BUILDING, or you will miss it and either have to circle around again or pay $3 for the parking across the street, you can thank me later :D.  Climate:  It was a brisk 50 degrees outside, not really cold but maybe some of the other patrons or staff felt different so noticeable for sure they're heater works REALLY well.  When we got in it was like a dragon breathing down out backs I mean if I got a table under the vents I think my food would continue to cook, now let's go back in August and see how their a/c works.  They were playing gospel Sunday church music and it was ok except that it was turned up a pretty loud volume.  Now I really don't mind it but I'm not the type that likes to eat their food in a club because sometimes one would like to enjoy their food and speak to whoever is at their table but you'll either have to yell across it or both of you talk to each other heads extended towards each other.The food:  I had the recommended Chicken and Waffle, my food buddy had the French Toast, grits, scrambled eggs and something else I forgot.  The batter or coating of the chicken wings you can pretty much tell there is a sweetness to it and that was ok, the waffle was like any other waffle I had but could have been fluffier on the inside but it was not bad.  My food buddy's french toast had a strange texture/taste that we weren't used too, many somebody can help explain it a little more.  The best I would have described it was like a salty soft bagel, was definitely different than either of us ever had.  My food buddy describes it as like it was cooked in lard instead of butter.  Oh and by the way, they use the same bread for their biscuits and gravy because the table next to us had the same thing but we could see the gravy on top.  The grits were nice and creamy, above average on what I've ever tasted.It wasn't their fault I think but her scrambled eggs seemed dry and cold, but I think we ate slow so by the time I sampled it, that is how I describe it, again, not their fault, tasted like any egg I could have cooked home.  I made the comment and this was around 8:45 a.m that I think we came on a good day because I did not see this legendary snake of a line out the door but low and behold when we were leaving at about 9:20 that thing just popped up!  My god it's just a chicken and waffle place people but I guess for years they have been doing something right.Staff:  Very friendly just as everybody said, from the door lady handing out the menus to the table bussers and even the cashiers!  There were like 3 table bussers there to swoop down like Valkyries from the North whenever any table would become vacated for obvious reasons.  I definitely will be back, not really disappointed but expected to be blown off my feet after 400+ reviews and 4 stars.--------------------------------------------------­----------------------------------------Side note entertainment:  While my food buddy and I were in conversation we got to see some guy getting arrested for what appeared to be burglary of the building/apt behind the restaurant or something.  The officer drove the guy away, came back a few minutes later to ask somebody something, at this time we got to witness in slow motion this lady worker back her truck right smack into his bumper!  She must not have been looking back but a like 3 mph we both were like "no! no! no! wait for it! no! oh no! SMACK!"  Oh sheet, don't want to be in her shoes!  Officer gets out, says a few calm words to her and continues his business.  Post Breakfast Klub Entertainment and we had front row seats!If you haven't been here yet you should probably go try it out. Just be prepared to wait , I think a typical wait for brunch is 45 minutes to 1 hour, unless you are an early bird and get there by 8 am. It's probably worth the wait, but it's enough to keep me from coming here too often. I'd suggest getting one of the signature dishes, and they are famous for the wings and waffles. The fried chicken is some of the best in town, the waffle is good but nothing mind blowing. It's also a little expensive for what it is, but like I said earlier, definitely worth trying at least once.No where better to get chicken wings and waffles. This place has it all...grits, catfish, wings, chicken fried steak...too many things to name. I love coming here but it's always packed. Line usually runs out the door but in my opinion the wait is well worth it.  Highly recommended for the true Houston 'experience' ...As a girl from the south, I was raised on grits and TBK has the best grits I have found in Houston BY FAR.  Careful though, because their prices have gone up a couple times recently and there is a line around the corner of the building EVERY weekend unless you get there when they open.  I highly suggest going on a weekday if you can...the line is much more manageable, if there is one at all.  Their waffles and wings are always a huge hit and I've heard the Katfish is just as good.  Their food is slightly greasy, but still definitely worth it!I guess this can be my southern substitute for Roscoe's till i find something better... the Chicken and waffles were awesome but i was kinda underwhelmed by all else... it's good but not great enuff to warrant the wait...Everyone's already said it, and I concur.  This place is worth waiting in line outside (it's a guarantee you'll have to unless you're the first one there; they don't have any waiting areas inside).  I got the chicken and waffles.  Chicken was AMAZING.  I wish they fried all manner of chicken in this batter so I could just order up a big o' plate of fried chicken (I prefer breasts to wings and drummettes but I'll take what I can get).  I didn't think the waffle was that great though.  Too thick and fluffy, not enough flavor and I like at least a little bit of brownness or crispiness on my waffle.  I regret not getting the grits--will get those next time....with wings AND catfish...AND hot cocoa.  Better start training for my next visit.Where do i begin.... This is one of my favorite places. Im truly a fan! The food is great!! I don't eat a lot of fried foods, but.... I will NEVER turn down the wings at the BKlub. I get the Wings & French Toast w/ a Sweet tea. On the days when im eating healthy, I opt for the Grilled Chicken sandwich. The have the best grilled chicken sandwich i have ever tasted! Not sure how they do it, but they do it well. Love the food !!Please let me say this, as much as I /We /Everyone raves about the food, that isnt what makes this place special. Its the customer service! When i walk into the Bklub, I feel like im back in my hometown (Population 10,000) at my family's home. The owner and staff treat you like family. They greet you at the door, ask how you've been since the last time you were there, they remember what you like, the owner walks by an checks on customers as they eat. Its so comforting to know that no matter how busy they get (line around the parking lot) they always make time to greet you with a smile and usually a hug :) . I have recently found that the great customer service also extends to "To-go" orders as well. I work downtown so i call & place my order for pick-up during the week. Once I arrived back at my office and devoured the delicious meal... I received a phone call.. It was from a staff member at the BKlub, just calling to make sure they made the order as requested and wanted to know if I enjoyed my meal.... Great Customer service goes a long way and the Breakfast Klub is perfect at it. I will always return and recommend to my friends/family/associates.If you are counting calories, or watching your cholesterol STAY AWAY. If you want a totally mouth watering, happy dance experience definitely come hungry.  WOW!!  My daughter Ashlee and I went yesterday morning. She had the catfish and grits and since it was my first time she said I had to get their signature waffles and wings. And let me tell you.. forks were flying.  I don't normally care for catfish but I couldn't stop eating off her plate and her grits were the best.  For my plate, those were the biggest chicken wings I have ever seen and best I have ever tasted.  The wait to get in was about 30 minutes, but there was a guy that came around bringing menus and greetings to everyone waiting in line, it made the wait entertaining.  I cant wait to go backThis place is absolutely fabulous when it comes to breakfast.  Being my favorite meal, and never being able to get up early enough, I decided to eat breakfast for lunch.  They close at 2:00 and always have a line, especially on weekends.  I've already tried the catfish and grits, wings and waffles, and Klub's benedict.  All of it was simple and delicious!!!  Yesterday I decided on the biscuits w/sausage gravy and a side of eggs  Like the other dishes, it was also delicious.  They also have sandwiches and salads if breakfast is not your thing.  But come on, who comes here for that???After eating chicken and waffles all over the country I stand by my original review. The chicken and waffles here aint that special. Add an hour wait? I guess this food is good for Houston but in the grand scheme of things these aren't particularly good and don't compare to what you can get in nearly any other city.I guess I'll be the lone dissenter but I wasn't particularly wowed when I ordered the waffle and wings. Yes, the waffle was fluffy and the chicken was good and crispy. But for $10...I felt like the price was a bit steep for what I got. I would go if someone asked me to but it's not something I'd be craving for. What can I say, I like my greasy Church's chicken. The service, however, is spectacular and truly define Southern hospitality.This place is all hype. People are just crazy about it because of the one dish which they copy from Roscoe's in LA: fried chicken and waffles. "If I don't live in LA but still want that combo, I just go to Klub and pretend that it is Roscoe's", half of the people coming here to eat probably think this. In reality, the fried chicken wings are too salty and do not taste any better than those of the chains such as Popeye's or Chuck's. The waffle is ok, nothing to rave about. The only good thing about this place is that they have lots of free condiments such as butter and jam packages laying around. And the staff is very nice if that kind of stuff helps you into thinking that the food here were actually amazing.               When I first moved to Houston, about in 2006, this place had no long waiting line. Now the line is out of control. The only reason why is that, in recent years, a lot of people suddenly find it "hip" to try soul food, which ironically exists for more than 100 years in this country. But this place is no where close to the epitome of good soul food or good breakfast in Houston. If you like the good stuff, dig a little bit harder. This place is just average.We didn't have to wait.I consider myself a southern kinda gal who likes anything with comfort.  I've been here a total of 2 times.  The first time was about 2 years ago and then again before Thanksgiving.  We went on a Friday around 11:30...the wait time wasn't too bad...I would say about 20-25 minutes.  I, of course, ordered the chicken and waffles.  It was just perfect.  I almost felt like I could have finished the whole plate by myself but I didn't want to overindulge. This place definitely beats Roscoe's in California...actually Roscoe's sucked!!!  Everything is better in Texas as they say.  I do think it's a bit pricey though...$12 for a waffle and 5 wings...2 years ago it was only $10. Oh well...guess everything has to go up sometime.  Definitely not good for the fragile heart but good for the soul every once in a while.  Enjoy!Wow this place is amazing.  There is a line.  The people who work here are all friendly. It's loud inside. The food is hard to describe without using the word SALT.  Pancakes:  nothing special tasted like a salty mix from Costco.  Waffle: same as the pancake.  The hot syrup even had salt in it.  The grits were so salty they were not to be eaten and we didn't.  The fried chicken was dry, over cooked and tasted like it has been soaked or totally coated in garlic salt.  We left that too.  The biscuit tasted like a package mix again way too salty.  I am amazed that this place is so busy.  I came once and found it on the internet but no need to return.  My tongue is actually burning from the salt on that food and now I need a quart of water.  Someone on Yelp said the chicken was better than Roscoe's in Los Angeles and I am here to tell you Roscoe's has it down cold.  Their chicken is spectacular and there is no need for garlic salt at Roscoe's.     This place is all hype and does not deliver.  AND the prices are outrageous a total gouge.  2.99 for a cup of coffee?  11.99 for the breakfast plates?  Denny's or The Waffle House is better and for sure healthier.Great food but their long line is shitty.not really much more i can add to the glowing reviews that the breakfast klub has!  there's so much to like about this place.  first and foremost, everyone who works here is super nice, friendly, and has a smile on their face - even with the popularity, they haven't lost that family atmosphere.  i also love the diversity here - people from all shapes and sizes, all different colors, all different walks of life, coming together because of a shared love of flippin good breakfast.  coming here reminds me why i love houston!i've only been here twice, and have only gotten the chicken and waffles.  the perfectly crisp, warm chicken wings with the large waffle, lightly sweeted with powdered sugar, are a match made in heaven.  i felt full the rest of the day.  my only knock on the place is that it's not open for dinner or late night :)The Klub is definitely a place to check out if you haven't been there. Great chicken and waflfes!! There was a little bit of a wait, but that's to be expected. Great cozy atmosphere and wonderful service!Ladies and gentlemen, this is how you run a business. I'm not going to call it a restaurant, because it's simply the wrong image. There are no white tablecloths here, no complimentary beverage refills, nobody calling you sir or madam, no leather-bound menus, etc. I don't know what to call it. It's not a cafe - they don't specialize in petite sandwiches, coffee/tea, or bistro fare.It's just a damn fine place to eat. Setting foot in their building feels like coming home. Not because the staff looks like my family (quite the opposite, rather), but because they are so friendly and warm that you'll instantly feel like you belong. The staff will make unforced conversation with you throughout your stay, which is helpful to make sure you don't fall asleep after stuffing yourself with the most delicious homemade southern brunch food around.Their Katfish and Grits made me a lover of grits... and this place sets the platinum standard for Chicken and Waffles. Their tea - I can't quite figure it out - but it's basically something grape, something lemon, and a pound of sugar. Diabeeeetus in a jar, but I don't care. In fact, as for the entire menu - don't you dare try to get healthy food here. Just accept that you're going to calorie-bomb the day.This is a signature of Houston and shouldn't be missed.I have only been to this restaurant once but I have to say its one of my favorite places to eat. I got my food to go but I went around lunch time and it was crowded which let me know it was worth the wait. The staff was very nice but the best part....THE FOOD!!!!! It was true southern down home cooking. This is a great place to have breakfast or lunch but it only stays open til 2:30p.m so those are your only options.Since I was an out of town visitor, everyone recommended their signature breakfast, the waffle with wings.  I love waffles and I love wings.  What could possible go wrong?  I ate my wings first with hot sauce.  The wings were very large and crispy.  I found eating the waffle weird because I still had the spicy flavor of the hot sauce on my tongue.  Spicy hot sauce followed by sweet syrup ruined the waffle.  Unless you know what you are getting yourself into, stick to a more traditional breakfast.  I'm still going to give it 5 stars because the quality of the individual items was excellent as was the service and atmosphere.Always  a winner!People are nice and the lines moves quickly.  I wasn't a fan of the waffles.  It wasn't the crispy on the outside.  But the fried chicken wings were delicious.  I'd recommend that.Delicious Southern food- great catfish, great grits, great coffee selection, great biscuits! Yes, the line is ridiculously long and the outside of the store looks terrible, but it is so worth the wait (and the inside is really nicely furnished). The hostess will stand outside and chat with you and make great suggestions for first-timers. By the time you get to the end of the line, you already have your order in hand and just pay for your meal. Find a seat, get some condiments and coffee, and your food is out to you by the time you sit down. Service is efficient and quick considering all the people they are serving. It's just sad that they aren't open after lunch.Really just want to say congrats to the Breakfast Klub staff for being so nice and  so efficient-you deserve to be so busy. They really do as good a job as can be done for handling the volume of people coming through.  Not sure the food is any better or worse than most good breakfast places, but the vibe inside in the dining room and the genuine care and effort the staff brings makes the wait for a table all worth it.Fried katfish and grits are delicious!!!!!!!  The hostess yelped, I didn't know you can throw down like that.Waiting in line for this place is well worth it.home cooking breakfast style and great service.i have no idea why people go here except for the friendly staff.we waited in line for forever, in the freezing cold.  thinking the food must be good bc why would anyone wait for expensive food at a crowded restaurant if it was bad?it was WAYYYYYY overpriced.  i got the eggs benedict for like $12!!!!! and my friend got the wings and waffles and a coffee for like $16!!!!!!!  my food was completely saturated with hollandaise sauce which actually ruined the food.  i had nothing on the plate that wasnt smothered in the sauce, which is not how that meal should be prepared.  it was pretty nasty.my friend said his chicken wings tasted weird, and he eats anything and everything.  so he didnt even finish his meal.  although his waffle tasted delicious!do not go here!!!!!  i've had better soul food.  and can find much tastier breakfasts for half the cost.My doctor has advised me to only eat here once a year.  But it is so great and the wait it worth it for this breakfast.  I just can't justify the 6,000 to 10,000 calories every week:)This place is so amazing i dont know where to start. I've only had the chicken and waffles for which they are known for, but I have been eyeing the shrimp etoufee that I will be trying on my next visit. Small place with BIG spirit and personality. Love the good old southern hospitality here. The wait outside is worth it if you want to experience The Breakfast Klub. Staff are so humble and nice! If you live in Houston and you havent been here.... what are you doing with your life? lolI have been to the Breakfast Klub on several occasions.  Each time was great.  The house specialties are the waffles and wings and the catfish and grits.  Can't go wrong with either!  Do expect to wait in line in order to get in, but worth the wait.  The lady that comes out and greets folks is a joy and the coffees are great!  Come hungry..... leave full!  My favorite place for "brunch"!We've heard great things about this place and despite the hangover, decided to pony up to the line, about 30 people deep, and WOW! This place is fantastic. They have a greeter who is full of energy, not to the point of annoying though, who made the line seem like butta. The food needless to say was great! We also met the owner! Rare to find such a place where the owner is spending his Sunday making sure every person who walks through the door feels welcome! They definitely deserve your business...and will get plenty more of ours!Excellent.  Good old southern comfort food.  Go hungry, be prepared to wait (especially on the weekend), and you will probably need to skip lunch.  Service is great.Be prepared to stand in line folks, but the food is FAST and DELICIOUS! Bring extra cash because we were not prepared for the prices at all. Definately a once in a lifetime trip.i love me some chicken and waffles! and this place served the best i've ever had. the waffle was nice and fluffy, the chicken was fried to perfection, the batter tasted so favorful, and the hot maple surup made the meal complete. however, the price for the dish (one waffle and 6 wings) was around 10$. i feel like it may be a lil too much for chicken and waffles but their other dishes looked plentiful.the line to get to the cashier was all the way outside the door, but surprisingly the wait was not as long as i expected. and i still managed to spot a few open tables when i was ready to be seated. also the food comes out fairly fast.if you like good ol' home cookin' then this is a place that you must visit.I came here because I saw all the awesome Yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. I arrived at 8:10 on a Saturday. The place opens at 8am on Saturday so I was sure I was there plenty early. Lo and behold, I was surprised to see a line of 25 people stretching out the door! But it turns out that it wasn't really that bad. You actually place your order in line, and then after that you get seated. I was there by myself so thankfully there was a small two-person table open for me. Their house specialty is waffles & wings. Yes, chicken wings for breakfast. I actually don't really like waffles, so I subbed French toast for the waffles. I loved the wings, but the French toast wasn't really anything special. I do LOVE the fact that they have a hot syrup station. There is also a great coffee station with 4 or 5 different coffees. I had the coffee from El Salvador (or maybe it was Guatemala?), and it was fantastic.I was a little confused with the tipping situation. There is a tip jar up front when you place your order, like a coffee shop. But they DO bring your food out to you, like a waitress/waiter. But during my meal, I didn't get visited once by anyone to see if I needed anything (you even get your own drinks), so are you supposed to tip anyone? Maybe yes, since they are clearing your table off when you leave? As I was getting ready to leave I got up to get a refill on coffee to-go, and after I got up a couple people swooped in and took my table, and I hadn't left a tip. So maybe you're not supposed to tip, or maybe those workers now have an awful impression of Northwestern University (I was wearing an NU shirt at the time). Either way, the food was good and I'd definitely go back, although I wouldn't even THINK of going during a busy time of day. Get there early or be prepared to wait (or sit outside on the folding chairs).Being from California, I craved some Roscoe's-style chicken and waffles.  I yearned for some buttery, warm, crispy and soft waffles with crispy, well-seasoned fried chicken.  The Breakfast Klub makes terrific chicken wings. The chicken is MUCH better than at Roscoe's. We enjoyed the biscuits and gravy too.  However, the rest was average.  The waffles were thin and lacked flavor.  The catfish and grits were satisfactory. The other breakfast items are pretty standard.  The service was excellent - very friendly and efficient.So the first time I visited Breakfast Klub I was kinda unsure about the review I would give.. I wasn't AMAZED. I got the chicken and waffles and although the chicken was delicious.. the chicken/waffle combination just isn't as mouthwatering as Roscoe's. Something about chicken with Belgian waffles just doesn't sit right with me... no matter how delicious their homemade syrup is. Well anyways, today I visited for the second time and I must say, this is one of the best breakfasts I've ever had at a restaurant. I got the Katfish and grits and oh my gawd, it was so good. The grits are thick and made perfectly to the point where you don't need to add butter or sugar because its just perfect. The potatoes are seasoned to perfection, I'm so glad I got those instead of eggs.. because eggs are eggs no matter where you go, but potatoes aren't always as good as they make them (those were some damn good potatoes!). The Katfish was AMAZING, it was perfectly seasoned and thickly battered. The Katfish alone will make me go back again. And THE biscuits!.. So the cashier, when taking my order, asked "toast or biscuits?" And of course I looked confused, not knowing which way to go. So I asked which one is better. She said, "yeah, the biscuits are good"... all nonchalantly. So I went with it. The biscuits were amazing, better than most biscuits. I got some butter to butter them, no need. They taste perfect, fluffy and moist and buttered enough to be delicious on their own.Pretty much, Breakfast Klub is probably the best breakfast joint in Houston. I don't think I should look any further, I've found the winner. Great food, great service.. and overall great experience.OOOOOOOOOH my goodness!!!! I warned them, I really did - they were gonna have to roll me outta there when I was done!!!! A friend had recommended this place to me when I had mentioned that I LOOOOOOVE southern food - and this Yankee Fan came to chow down. I had Yelped the reviews before I came down for my annual H town visit and I wouldn't shut up about wanting to come here. My bestie and I arrived on a sunny wednesday morning around 830ish - no line no wait (honestly I was expecting a wait, and was pleasantly surprised!) Greeted by the super sweet lady at the door and I told her I came all the way from NY to specifically eat here!!!! It was nuttin but luv from the minute I walked through the door. Ordered my food - FYI don't ask for a skim cappuchino (they will look at you funny - they have 2% milk, oh yeah no rye toast either; its wheat or white DAMN YANKEE) Food arrived very quickly and let me tell you how I threw down - Catfish and grits, 2 eggs, a biscuit AND an order of wings!!!!! I was not lying when I said they were gonna have to roll me out the door!!! The staff was super sweet kept checking on the food intake status! GRITS - LIKE BUDDA omgoodness I don't think I have EVER had grits this creamy they almost melted in your mouth CATFISH - lightly breaded and fried to perfection (a touch too salty for my taste BUT BUT BUT I don't eat heavily salted food so my guess is that for the normal salt intake eating person it would be just perfect) WINGS - soooooo good not greasy not overcooked and not overly seasoned!!! THE BISCUIT - when I couldn't possibly think that I could put another piece of food in my mouth I had the biscuit and almost passed out in carb oblivion - hands down the best biscuit I had tasted light and fluffy made with pure love and southern goodness I was singing their praises as they rolled me out the door!!!Oh Breakfast Klub....where have you been all my life?  When I think of this place, I want to sing Barney's "I Love You" song.Let's begin by saying if you come here on weekends, COME EARLY!  There's always a huge line outside when I come....to the point where it looks like a curly-q outside.  In the Summer, they put out water and tents so that you can at least stay cool during your wait.  One time, they even brought out some java-frozen-drink sampler which was nice.  On the brighter side, even though you wait about 30 minutes to order, the food comes out in less than 5!  Parking is also horrible...you can either park on the side streets or at that lot across Alabama.  The lot says you gotta pay....but I never do, cause no one checks every time I've been there.  Wait, did I just say that?  On to the atmosphere....I've never been to anything like this place!  The place inside makes me feels like home with the soul music over the radio.  One time, they even had a jazz guitarist playing and singing on stage!!!  On top of that, the staff is just AMAZING!  The place screams family-oriented, which I love.  Everyone is so nice and loving....greeting me with hello's and smiles.  This sweet old lady is always there and brings out the menus....she even gives hugs!  On to the food....SO GOOOOOOD!!!  When I moved here, my friends could not stop raving about the place...I had to try it.  Disclaimer: I LOVE fried chicken....it's my favorite food.  Must I say, this food is TO DIE FOR.  I've had their wings n waffles, wings n french toast, wings n grits (my favorite...which comes with 2 eggs cooked how you like it and biscuit/toast), and the katfish n grits (which also comes with 2 eggs and biscuit/toast).  Everything.....EVERYTHING is delicious.  The wings are fried to perfection...so flavorful and crispy but not salty or greasy.  The waffles are fluffy and moist.  The french toast had that little crisp on the top, which I love...and was also sweet, but not too sweet to ruin the taste of the wings.  The grits....ohhh the grits were so GOOD and buttery.  The katfish was also cooked to perfection, flavorful like the wings and crisp.  Gah, everything here is good.  Don't forget about the special sweet tea they make here.  It's like $2-something with no refills, but totally worth it!!!  It tastes not like any other sweet tea...more like raspberry-infused sweet tea.Everything about Breakfast Klub...from the staff, food, and atmosphere is the epitome of Southern Comfort.  This is a must-go-to-everyother-weekend-place!  Oh, and bring your friends!This place has great food, great service, their staff is very friendly and did I mention the food was GREAT?!  chicken and waffles are amazing as is the catfish and grits!  In fact, I'm on my way there now!What can I say that hasn't been said about The Breakfast Klub?! LOL.It's probably one of the best hangover joints you could ever go to after a night of hardcore partying or even just for a brunch get together with friends. I recommend going early or build up some patience because 9 out of 10 times, the line is out the door and the wait time usually last about 15 to 20 minutes. Also, if you prefer a quiet mealtime, there are seats available outside of the weather permits because it gets noisy inside the restaurant. You can't blame them though, most of the time it's the customers expressing their glee for the food and atmosphere.They are known for their Chicken and Waffles, but I go there for their Green Eggs and Ham! Absolutely delicious, and no the eggs are not colored green! The scrambled eggs are deliciously muddled together with spinach, green bell peppers, and chives. Their Pork Chops and Eggs is another favorite. With this plate, they serve you two large chops, so request that you want one of each grilled and fried! Also, skip the coffee and order their Sweet Tea, it's a must that comes with my order. Though it shows no relevance for the infamous 80's movie, this place is definitely worth dining out to.Maybe I am just not used to southern food being from Boston, but this place was just a disappointment after reading all the other amazing reviews.  The grits were admittedly the best I have ever had, but the biscuits were dry, the croissant was stale, and the eggs were rubbery and overdone.  The bathrooms were also really dirty, which makes me wonder about the kitchen.I like to give restaurants 2-3 times a chance to somehow improve on their service/food/atmosphere but somehow, this place does not seem to care too much.  The line is long, the food portions are small for their price, and the workers seems friendly but they just want to you eat and leave.  People rave about the chicken and waffle and I have to admit that I was not impressed by this dish.  Would not go here again.Holy crap, literally. I had the 'signature' catfish and grits and it beat me up all day. I spent the rest of the day in the fetal position while my stomach made sounds you'd hear in a haunted house. Just because you deep fry the crap outta that catfish doesn't mean you can keep it in the fridge for a couple extra days after its safe. I love fish, especially catfish but I can never go back here.I had heard about this place from people in other cities, so I finally decided to give it a try. Excellent! I'm a huge fan of breakfast and I get angry when people disrespect it. No worries here the waffles are fabulous and so is everything else. It's pretty crowded so I suggest going later and trying to miss the crowd or else it's hard to find parking. The staff is super sweet as well.I ate here with my best friend Han awhile back, but recently returned this past weekend to endure the blasting flavor they have on their chicken wings. This time I had my own plate and simi shared.  I ordered toast on the side and it was well toasted and filled with butter! I buttered everything like no tomorrow! There isn't another place that can compete with this CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!This place is only open from 7am-2pm. They usually have a long line that leads to outside so if you want to avoid the wait I recommend coming before 10am. By the time I ordered my food, picked my condiments out and got a table, my food was already done and delivered to me in less than 10 minutes.WOW!  This place blows my mind every time I eat here.  Catfish and Pancakes or Waffles with Wings, wow I am hungry thinking about it.  Great people and always busy.  When traveling to France last summer, a friend of mine that lives there told me, "when traveling to other small towns and villages, only eat at the places that are packed and full of people and townsmen."  Eating at the places that the locals eat at is a safe bet that what your getting is going to be wonderful.  Same is true with The Breakfast Klub, the place is always packed and there is a line outside the door every time I go.  The wait is well worth it and the food is spectacular.  Hands down best breakfast place in Houston.There is nothing about this place that isn't awesome. Oh wait, the hours. I wish they were open later because I could eat there any time of day or night. Get anything on the menu, really, just point and order. Ask for extra strawberries and whipped cream for your waffle. And enjoy the super-spunky employees high five-ing you - you just can't put a price on that kind of enthusiasm.When there isn't a massive line all the way out the door wrapping around into Tafia and i'm able to find some parking, I venture over here specifcally for the fried chicken and waffles.  I opt for a side of sausage gravy to be poured on top and by then, soooo  gooood..there is no room left for anything else.  The fried chicken is crispy kind you would find similar at churches chicken but I think its better here.  Its a bit on the expensive side.. all this for about 15 bux but hey.. the portion is plenty big because of it.Lines are long but worth it. The seasoning ex. batter is saltier than I am used to, but somehow I still love it. Portions are huge. I say that the catfish and grits are better than the all-famous chicken and waffles. The grits are incredibly fluffy, don't forget to whisk in that pool of butter, YUMMM. I would get a side of potatoes rather than eggs. Also, if they come around showing off their special, get that, it will probably be SUPER DELICIOUS, like the chicken fried chicken with green beans/garlic mashed potatoes... I wanted to buy it while I was in line!I hate waiting in line but the food is good I have not taken any pics as I normaly get the chicken and waffels and as you see no shortage of pics there.  The line sucks and is not well controlled it gets cut into and people save place for huge groups.Everyone always talks about the wings and waffles so I'll spend some time talking about the omelettes.  I always get the Swishmush Omelette ever since I tasted it for the first time a couple years ago.  I usually get omelette's at most breakfast places, but I hate it when the omelette is just a folded over sheet of egg with fillings inside (like a taco).  That may be the traditional way of making an omelette, but I much prefer the way that the Breakfast Klub makes their spinach, mushroom, and swiss omelette.  Every bite you take has bits of spinach, mushroom, and melted swiss cheese melted in it...and the omelette must be scrambled in butter because it's extra tasty.  You get the option of toast or biscuits.  The toast is buttery toasted Texas toast and their biscuits are to die for.  If you're a fan of biscuits and gravy, you can get the biscuit with your meal and order a side of gravy!  The side of breakfast potatoes are just so-so...would be much better if they were fried a little more.Anyway, be prepared to wait in line or go early...it's worth it!Long wait but totally worth it.  Staff was very nice, food was fantastic...Over-rated. The crowds were huge, as is the reputation. I did not think the food was worth the trouble. To each his own, I guess.Stopped over here this morning and got my plate to go. The Wings & Waffle plate is quite tasty. Contrary to what I'd heard, there was no line out-the-door. I'll probably visit them again.Not sure what is so special here. Tried the house favorite, chicken and waffles; chicken had very light batter that wasn't spicy at all (a bit under-cooked) and was dripping with grease when served. The nice crisp waffles soaked up the grease but spoiled the waffle. Scrambled eggs and bacon were nice, but my granddaughter could have done those. Self service on the setup, condiments, and drinks from a not so clean station. Guess the big draw is the African American art and Obama atmosphere. Nice menu items but poorly executed. Not worth the wait. Buffalo Grill copy without the quality.My first review and first time to The Breakfast Klub (and yes it is spelled with a "k" as many other things on the menu are).Parking is limited so come early you can get a good spot. There was a short line on this Friday morning at 11:30, but it did move quickly. There was lady who came outside with menus and a steak and egg plate greeting people and handing out the menu to those that need it.  I already had my mind made up on what I want but wanted to look anyway at what else they had. Pretty good selections of staple southern/soul food with a decent price. Ordered the wings and waffles as everyone including people here on yelp have said this is the must have dish to eat. After ordering it was a matter of minutes when my plate came out. As a matter of the fact it came out right after I had placed my order. Now that is what I call fast service. The syrup, other condiments, and the silverware were all get up and get your own style.  The wings were flavorful and moist while the waffle was soft and sweet. All in all a great meal.  The manger was also around to greet people and to ask how you were doing. Come here and relax and have the wings and waffle or the katfish and grits. Overall great service and food. Will be coming back and eating here again. One tip about the wings and waffles I will give: Next you have it take a bite of the chicken with the waffle and a little strawberry. Your taste buds will thank you for the best flavors ever.It was ok.  Kinda overpriced. But ok though.Known for their catfish and grits, glad I trusted public opinion on this occasion.  Great hangover food.  Order at the counter and they bring out your food, FAST.  Really friendly staff--the greeter gave me a hug on the way out.  I could see this being irritating depending on how severe your hangover, but just hang in there for that delicious greasiness.If you like waiting in the cold for 30-45 minutes (not to mention driving around in circles trying to find parking) and hearing all the talk about the vaunted waffles n wings which are btw $10.. six wings and one soggy waffle. I don't know why everyone loves the 'fluffy' belgian waffles here.. belgian waffles are supposed to be slightly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the INSIDE.. not fluffy all the way through! I've gotta give props to the chicken wings here though.. they are huge, crispy, and juicy. Another bone I have to pick is with the catfish n grits. Almost everything on the plate just wasn't that special to me.. I make better eggs, grits, and buttered toast than that. The catfish itself was breaded perfectly but way too effin salty. Next time I come, I'm just ordering the wings b/c thats really the only special thing here.i just had to get my chicken n waffles on, and this was definitely the right place to do it.  we had to wait in line, but luckily only about 10 mins or so.  i dropped one of my friends off to hold a place in line until i found parking, which was the right move.  when i walked up to the door, there was like 30 ppl behind her!  you order your food and pay at the counter, and they bring it out to you later.  you gotta get ur own fountain drinks or water and silverware and condiments.  the wings n waffles came out almost instantaneously, and were bomb diggy!!  i also got the white chocolate raspberry mocha, omg.  i just lie to myself and tell myself this meal is only 1 calorie hahahaahaha.  after the meal, my friend asked me if i needed a box.  i looked down at my plate, and asked "for wat?" cuz it only had bones hahahaha.  we got an extra bonus when we came to eat here, cuz sitting at the table right next to us was clyde drexler of the houston rockets.  he was very nice, and even took pix with us and gave us an autograph :)Worth the wait! I've visited Houston a few times and I always try to make it to the Breakfast Klub. Don't let the long line intimidate you it moves rather quickly and they are extremely efficient once you get inside.Get the catfish and grits, I remembered it being amazing and when I came back 2 years later and had it again it was even better than I remembered.the wait SUCKS. Takes forever! But staff is nice and the chicken and waffles are yummmyyBreakfast Klub is overrated, yes I said it! The food is good, but not worth the prices, the lines are insanely long, their hours are stupid (why close at 2?) , and the place is too small, you would think that with the amount of business they get they would expand to meet the needs of their customers who wait in long lines wrapped around their building every weekend , but no they don't. Don't get me wrong, the food is good but just not worth the hassle or price.overpriced and over hyped.On my first trip ever to Houston, decided to check this place out this morning with a group of friends after reading some other reviews.  Overall - lives up to the hype!  We initially drove up and said..."hmmmm, are we in the right place, this can't be it, can it?"  We see a sketch looking yellow building with a bunch of people snaking out the door waiting in line and not much else around the area except some parking lots.  Yes, this is THE place though...trust me: be adventurous, park your car (which may take you a few minutes of hunting), get in line, and prepare to have your face melted, as The Breakfast Klub will put any other breakfast food you've ever had to shame with a totally unique experience and taste.If you get the good service we received from everyone today, you'll likely have a server come out to answer questions and hand you a menu while you wait in a line that moves pretty quickly.  We only waited about 25 minutes total.  You'll notice they highlight two signature items on the menu, the Chicken Wings&Waffles and the Catfish.  They are highlighted for a reason...because they are life changing!   When you get to the front of the line, you just order with the cashier and then you go sit at any available table and they'll bring you your food.  You'll have to grab your own utensils, napkins, etc.   Grab your own coffee too, which is great.  The Chicken&Waffles are insane...as if the best waffle I've ever had in my life wasnt enough, they complent it with a very nicely and tangily seasoned collection of 6 fried chicken wings (they are big wings too!).  Catfish is also best I've ever had.  Others at our table had biscuits, grits, and french toast, which were all good too.  We're glad we decided to try something totally different today...if I lived in Houston I'd be eating here every weekend...hooked!All I can really say is Wow - waffles or french toast along with bacon, eggs, and a side of crispy fried chicken wings for breakfast? Yes folks, I wouldn't have pictured eating this for breakfast but it sure was delicious. Now of course I could not eat again until 9pm, but it was well worth it. I highly recommend this place if you are visiting Houston. The people that   work there are super friendly, and I was asked how my food was a few times. Great environment and great food!love this place!!  lines can be long on weekends.  so i bring a breakfast taco for myself while i wait!Friendly, fun and attentive service.  Food was delicious.  Bacon was extra crispy (without asking) and the grits are worth the trip alone.  Very expensive for breakfast but if you have a line out the door every day I guess you can charge what ever you want.  $14 for 2 eggs, bacon, biscuit and potatoes.arrived during the lunch rush and the line had already made its way out the door. one might think - not the brightest krayola eh? in fact, we waited only 20 minutes as opposed to the average 45.i will declare that the breakfast klub serves the best gravy in town. it's thick, REAL THICK, kreamy, and full of sausage. yes, that's chunks of sausage, not skimpy pieces of pork - we've all had that elsewhere.i kreated my own meal and decided to order a la karte: one biscuit, side of gravy, and 2 eggs. about a minute after i got myself seated, my order arrived - one biscuit, 2 eggs and A COFFEE MUG OF CHUNKY GRAVY! superb.on another note, their fried chicken & waffles is not what i had expected. unlike Roscoes [in LA] it's served without gravy. strawberries and powdered sugar are in place. i'd opt for the gravy.that's breakfast klub with a k!I have been dying to go here to see what all the fuss is about.  We got to the Breakfast Klub around 1:30 and waited for about 40 minutes to get in.  You order at the counter (my friend and I both got eggs and pancakes) and the food came in less than 5 minutes.  Food was great - eggs were near-perfect and there was something different about the pancakes.  Could not put my finger on it but they were really good as well.  They even had sugar free syrup (just ask one of the staff).  If you can handle the wait, it is damn good breakfast.The Breakfast Klub earns all the hype.  I plan to be buried thereI visit my step daughters every chace my husband and I can from laredo, this time my daughter was wanting chicken and waffles,  she had been to other places and is a big fan of the dish, my husband looked up the breakfast klub and thank God he did, the line was long but the Micheal Jackson music playing the whole time we were waiting outside made it worth the wait the crowd was interacting and dancing the whole time. The music continued as we were escorted in and was seated after placing the order,  food was the best and can't wait to go back, the best my daughter has tasted.The lines are long... the food is amazing. Be prepared to wait, but know that it will be well worth it. Try to be there when they open and it shouldn't be too painful. The waffles/wings and catfish/grits combos are to DIE for. So is the coffee. You're welcome.The breakfast Klub is BY FAR one of my favorite places to eat at when i'm craving anything BAD to the BONE GOOD. The service is always WITH A SMILE and the owner is a RAD dude. Chicken and Waffles, Catfish and Eggs, ......ENOUGH SAID.Don't listen to the nay-sayers that say it's not worth getting up at 5am, IT IS SO WORTH IT!!!!! The food is top notch and the staff is really nice. Go multiple times and try it all! I've had the catfish as well as the chicken and waffles. I've yet to make it for lunch, but it's a goal of mine! The parking, the wait.....all worth it!!!!BEST PLACE IN HOUSTON TO EAT BREAKFAST!!!!! My boyfriend and I love coming here. Chicken wings and waffles. YUM!!!!!  He loves the pork chops. Always great service and always great food. Its worth the waiting in line.Love their food! They actually cate in for our work lunch, everything is delish even catered! Wings and waffles are the best by far.This have to be 1 of the best place to eat breakfast.  The food is good and the staff are super friendly.  You got to love it when the owner come and greet his customer.  Good old family business, this is how any business should be run.The parking is probably the only drawback I can think of... the food is AMAZING! The staff is friendly and helpful, I love the interaction and that the owner is usually there greeting and thanking customers for their business. Seriously the best breakfast/brunch spot in the greater Houston area!The quick version is at the bottom but for those of you interested, here is the long version.Some of you may think what I am about to say is crazy and it probably is, but as a general rule, I do not eat at any restaurant that misspells their name, i.e. Koffee House or Do-Nuts, etc.  If they misspell the name of any establishment, I don't go!  Today changed all that for me!After 5 days in Houston and only a few good but no great meals, I decided I needed to change my rule about eating at a restaurant with a misspelled name and I headed to "The Breakfast Klub."  My wife and I arrived around 8:00 am on a Tuesday morning, no line, no waiting.  We were greeted at the door by a pleasant woman named Mary.  She explained the process (because this place is more like eating at your best friends great Aunts house than eating at a restaurant).  We ordered and sat at our table.  EVERYONE there was friendly, helpful and made us feel at home.  I was torn between the Chicken and Waffles and the Catfish and Grits... I left it up to woman who took our order, she ordered me the Catfish.  I was hesitant because I am not a big fan of fish, but with all the reviews I have read being so positive I decided "what the heck!"  My wife ordered eggs, grits and bacon.Our food was delivered quickly and with a smile!  It looked pretty standard, what you would expect.  I started with my grits first, still hesitant about the catfish, but after one bite of the grits, my hesitation went away!  The grits were buttery goodness, sent down from the heavens for me to enjoy on a balmy Houston morning!  One bite of the Catfish and I knew I was at the right spot!  It was seasoned to perfection and cooked just right!  I was honestly surprised that I enjoyed it as much as I did, but it was the BEST meal I had in Houston by far and the best breakfast I have had in a LONG time!  It was more than enough food (I couldn't finish) everything was delicious and they even butter your toast on BOTH sides of the bread!I met the owner, Marcus, on my way out.  He was a relaxed, friendly, unassuming man with a caring attitude.  I could tell EVERYONE cared about our experience and wanted us to have the best meal and service possible.  Marcus has done an amazing job staffing and training and creating one of the very best places to eat!  Marcus even put my mind at ease when I stated how bummed I was that I waited till the last minute to eat there, he said "now you have a reason to come back to Houston."  He is right, I will be back and if I have my way I will be there each and every day!  I can't wait to try the wings and waffles and to see Mary, Marcus and the rest of the staff at this amazing restaurant!THE GOOD:Staff was friendly and warmFood was amazingAtmosphere is relaxing General dining concept makes you feel at homeTHE BAD:Parking was non existentTHE FOOD:Thick toast - buttered on BOTH sidesBacon - Thick and crispGrits - Buttery Catfish - Seasoned and cooked to perfectionCoffe - GREAT!Oh my goodness. I recently heard of this restaurant, so I decided to check it out with my sister. I'm not a breakfast food person. I like pancakes, but that's about it. But let's start with the food. The food was so good. Like, I don't even know how good. Their menu was full of delicious sounding things, but we just got the three most popular. Wings and waffle. Biscuits and gravy. And fried catfish with grits. They were all superb. I couldn't stop eating it. Next thing you know, it was all gone! The staff was absolutely great. They kept checking on us, and the manager stopped by to talk to us and the rest of the tables in the building. Just a great establishment. A most definite place to check out.The Breakfast Klub is practically a Houston landmark now. Pricey but very good. The best chicken and waffles I have tasted outside of L.A.  I have also had the catfish and grits as well as veg omelette. All very good. The food comes suprisingly fast after you order, seeing that it might take a while to order and find a seat.Man, I never knew what the fuss was about this place. Now, I know. I've been here twice since last summer and I plan on going again this summer. I got the french toast my first time and it was just mediocre, but I got the Chicken and Waffles this past time and man was the chicken good! I thought the waffle was just okay, but the chicken was really good. My friend even asked if she could have another piece of my chicken! If  I was more hungry, maybe I would have said no. My friend had the eggs benedict and I tried some. It was pretty good, but I liked mine better. I also heard the catfish was really good, but I dont think I can get that on my own because its a really big plate. I hope to go here again this summer!The wings and waffles might be the best thing Houston has to offer. It might be best to go in the middle of a work week to avoid the weekend lines.This place is just amazing!! I went for the first time a couple of months ago and I just loved it. I had the wings and waffle and it tasted so delicious the wings were fried to perfection and they were so juicy. The waffle was super fluffy. Although there was a wait to be seated it was well worth it. So if you want to eat quick get there early. The employees were so nice and kind they just add to the great experience.My boyfriend and I bought a Google Offers coupon for Breakfast Klub last year, and we finally got around to using it this Saturday morning. We arrived a little bit before 9am, and there was a decent line formed. We waited probably 25 or 30 minutes before we reached the cash register. After we made our order, we got our food within 5 minutes, very speedy! My boyfriend ordered the wings and waffles, and I got catfish and grits along with a cafe mocha. The wings and waffles were fantastic, I wish I got that instead! The wings were seasoned perfectly, and it also had a tangy, Tobasco-esque flavor to it. The meat was moist and flavorful. The waffles were fluffy and moist, and they paired well with the chicken. My catfish and grits were also decent. The catfish was seasoned and breaded nicely, although it was a bit too salty for my liking. I don't usually like grits, but the grits at BK were soft and buttery. It was a bit too heavy for me, so I only had a few bites. The cafe mocha was wayyy too sweet for me, though. I took it back home afterward and put a ton of ice cubes in it. Overall, it was a pretty good experience, and I'll probably come back to get those chicken wings all to myself. :)The fried chicken here is awesome! The waffles... only so so. Nonetheless, I thought it was pretty damn good. I'd go again just for the fried chicken.This place is AWESOME!! This place is wonderful and the waitstaff is always helpful. I am not sure what the less than thrilled 'BIG HYPE' review is about but the specialty is NOT wings with pancake... It 's wings & waffles. And he's right, thankfully the chicken is not like Frenchy's or Church's - because it is not MASS PRODUCED... it's better! The pancakes are always great - my children can attest to that. The wings & waffles are superb and they have become the 'usual' order when we go. The Karamel Macchiato is PHENOMENAL! Anytime we have company we always treat them to the Breakfast Klub and ALL of them have loved the food and the hospitality Marcus offers to his customers.  We usually have parties of 6 or more and Marcus & staff always finds us a place to sit or sets up tables for us. Each of our visitors pleads to go back when they are visiting again. The line goes by fast and I enjoy that the menus are handed out while we wait (not that we order anything different). In our opinion the Breakfast Klub has become more efficient compared to when we first started going there (about 3 years ago). We also appreciate the things Marcus does for the community. Keep up the great work and we can't wait to eat there again!The atmosphere is like eating in a diner where everyone knows you even if they don't know your name.  The coffee is great and the food is wonderful, portions large.Best breakfast joint in town, hands down. The chicken and waffles is the best thing I have ever had and never disappoints. I also love their coffees that they offer, going from light to heavy; I always find myself drinking every single one of them. Be sure to get there early otherwise you will wait in line. Staff is always fun to talk to and they are all full of energy. Also love the art that they bring in and the occasional deejay.All of the reviews are true!!! I always go a little early to beat the rush that sometimes wraps around the parking lot, which is totally justified. My favorite is their wings and waffles that are amazing with their hot syrup. Their coffees are amazing too! I take my friends from out of town here, and I can say that they're just as satisfied as I am every time I go. The owner truly cares about his customers even as to go so far as setting up tents and water stations to accommodate the customers that are waiting in line. The service here is great too. From the second you arrive at the restaurant to the moment you get your food the staff is warm and friendly like you're eating at your grandmother/aunt's house for Sunday lunch. This is a definite must visit place!We have been here a few times for breakfast. There is always a line wrapping around the building, but somehow, it goes pretty fast! You can't go wrong with with their wings & waffles. The chicken is flavorful and crunchy. The waffles are tender and crisp. The coffee is great too. I love to indulge in the white raspberry moka! They also play really lively, jazz music and the owner is usually floating around the restaurant talking to the diners. Really nice guy!!Don't tell my Nana, but this place serves the best fried chicken ever. (I think there's Tabasco in it!)An excellent brunch place, and accessible by the rail. My fried catfish was fresh with a thin crunchy batter. The grits were pretty good. Only downside is that they use margarine (LOTS of it) in the grits, and I'm more of a butter girl. Very friendly staff and people in general. The line moves quickly and the place is hoppin'.This is the place to be in Houston! The food is great, the staff is wonderful and for you coffee drinkers they give Starbucks a run for their money. I come here several times a month and you should be advised to get here before noon if you don't like waiting. This place fills up quickly because the food hits the spot. You should try the grilled porkchops which are very lean and juicy. I've NEVER, I repeat NEVER have had a bad meal here. Last time I came I saw Solange, Beyonce, and Jay Z dining privately. This IS the place to be!Ever since we moved to Texas we've been seeing/hearing the reviews about The Breakfast Klub.....and I'd have to say that it lived up to expectations. My wife and I decided to drive by just to see if the line was long or not and we saw that it was probably the best we'd get so we decided to stand in line and give it a try. We both got the wings & waffles and it was THAT good. I remembered telling my wife that i doubt these things will live up to the expectations I have for them, but they did. I will only order the wings & waffles anytime I go and it worth the wait in the long line for that dish.wowwowwowbest breakfast evertoo bad the wait is awful (standing outside in Houston weather is not fun), food is way to heavy since both my friends had a stomach ache right after, and its priceybut oh man is the food deliciousChicken and Waffles! You can't go wrong. The line is usually out the door, but I love this place!after years of wondering, i finally made a visit to this houston institution..and OMG why did i wait this long?! we got there pretty early and there was only about 10 people in front of us so we lucked out on the wait (i think the cold, rainy weather delayed the usual line of people i see wrapped around the place)i had the wings and grits and my boyfriend had the french toast...both of our meals were really yummy...my wings were well seasoned and not that greasy (a bit too salty for me but still good) but the grits were PERFECT...even my boyfriend loved them and prior to this visit, he never liked grits! i like the way it feels here...it's pretty busy but still very cozy and comfortable..we can't wait to go back and try the rest of their menu (i've got my eye on the catfish ;p)My family and I travelled to Houston for the NBA All-Star weekend activities and had an opp to have breakfast here that Friday, 2/15.  There was a line wrapped around the bldg (considering it was All-Star weekend), but it certainly was worth the wait!  I had the BEST chicken wings I have ever had in my life at this place!  The wings were seasoned PERFECTLY!  I would have preferred to have actual OJ vs orange juice from the bottle, but that wasn't a big deal.  The hot chocolate was sweet and great!The only problem I ran into was that I couldn't eat all of my food!  I hadn't been feeling well and was prayin' I would be well by the time we made it to Big H for the occasion, but I wasn't.  Consequently, I had to share my doggone wings with my sons and was not very happy about that!  I only made it through 2 and a bite of a 3rd!  Darnit!!!  Next time...NOTE: If you're wondering why I didn't just take a doggie bag with me when we left...We were in Houston on vacation, so we were going straight from the restaurant to hit the streets and couldn't let the food stay in the car for hours.  Shoot!Can y'all franchise and build one in The Lou???!Sigh...I love their chicken and waffles. I order it every time I go. So far I've only been for breakfast, but I can't imagine the rest of their menu not being up to this level. Their bacon is properly cooked, they don't overcook their eggs. Everything is just done really well.mmmm mmmm good. The chicken here is too damn good(turned me into a greasy mess as i kept eatin like it was my last meal). The combinatin of those sweet cake like waffles and this addicting chicken is euphoric!!  And if you get there early on the weekend tafia has a farmers market and there are jewelry vendors and its really cool.The grits are so creamy and rich,and an awesome cup of coffee is to be had here.Ive takin my some of my cali relatives here and they said it gives roscoes a run for there money.It closes early so get up and get there,its kick ass and worth the trip and the early wake up timeAwesome Food! Totally worth the wait!!!Another delicious restaurant!  We went here for Sunday brunch and arrived right at 2 to discover that's when they close. But!  The very nice lady let us in anyway. Great first impression. Music inside was louder than most restaurants giving it a fun vibe. In fact, everyone seemed to be having a great time, including the staff. Nicest peeps in town. I had the veggie omelet with a "biskit" and potatoes. Soo wonderful. The omelet was filled with cheese, green peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms, and onions. Threw some Louisiana hot sauce on it, and this would probably be my chosen last meal. Yum!Best Service without having servers. We left a tip even though it was counter service because the owner went out of his way to ensure our that our food was up to par. I waited in line and ordered for me and a friend of mine, she came a little after the food was delivered to the table. Before she could take a bite out of the waffle, the owner walked up and slipped her a brand new plate and said " Our waffles are good, but this is how they're supposed to taste, fresh." It was this gesture that made our experience there way more than what was expected. It's worth the wait!!Great food and Marcus is the best, he's always nearby!!  Don't forget to visit "Across the Street" while there......very colorful and some great chocolate chip cookies being sold.  Looking forward to attending one of the "Grits, Fish and Politiks" sessions.This place is great,  It is African American cuisine and it is to die for, I have seldom been when there wasn't a line(It moves very fast btw)  I have even went early so I could surprise my wife, and there was still a line 30 minutes before it opened.  The great thing is that It was F@#$% worth it?  Awesome food,  the line is fast and there is always a seat.  They need to expand.The Breakfast Klub delivered as promised.  It was recommended by the girlfriend and although she and I still haven't gotten the chance to go together, I took my folks and son the morning after son's high school grad.  Long, long line cause it was a Saturday morning--but I expected as much.  The food and ambiance were well worth it though.  Friendly staff, clean interior, and awesome bfast with a neo-soul flavour.  All four of us had the Katfish and Grits...and all four of us gladly accepted the itis that tortured us on the ride home.  tee heeHands down the best breakfast food I've had... Standing in line is well worth the wait.. The food is excellent and the price is right for the good portions they give you... If you are stopping Houston the breakfast club is a MUSTYes! Yes! And yes! The long lines are worth the wait.  I always want to try something different but always end up getting the chicken & waffles with lemonade. Ahhh, it's amazing. Can't wait to get to back to Houston during the holidays to get some.No, I have not had chicken & waffles in Cali, yet.  Now that that is out of the way, I'd like to say that this is my second fave place to eat out for breakfast.  Yum, yum!!! For the 'people-watchers' out there, this is the spot.  I've eaten inside once or twice, but for the most part I take it home to enjoy - less crowded.I went here over the weekend and really enjoyed the atmosphere.  It was about a 30 minute wait in line (it was a beautiful day in Houston!), but the staff would come out every once in a while and ask us how we were doing.  One lady joked around with us before and after we finished our brunch.  I ate the waffle and 6 wings and got a bottomless Koffee Kup.  The waffles were good and the wings were moist and delicious.  They have several different coffee types and ranges from decaf to very strong.   I also tried the catfish and grits off my friend's plate.  Catfish was very fresh!  The food probably makes it about a 4 because I wish they had a specialty waffle spread specific to their restaurant, but the staff pushed it over the top so I gotta give a 5!  Must be what they call Southern Hospitality :DI concur with all the previous reviews, the Breakfast Klub is great! Ever since I saw a special on the food network about the southern specialty I have been curious about the waffle and wing combination. As expected, waffle and wings is a wonderful culinary delight at any time of the day. The customer service was bar none perhaps the best I have experienced, leaving a positive and lasting impression of the establishment and its staff. I found the diner so distinctively unique to that of other similar restaurants in the surrounding Houston area that I have added the Breakfast Klub to my "highly recommended places to dine while in Houston" list.  I strongly recommend you check this place out!Some of the best chicken N waffles and catfish n grits around... Definitely recommend!!!For sure a must eat place! I ordered the Belgian waffle and wings so very tasty and I loved them both soooo much I already want to go back :) Friday morning with a Line out the door? Then you know it is damn good! Check out the caramel makiato I think that's how they spell it there with a "k" so huge and honestly better than starbucks version by far. This place makes you feel all warm & happy inside like you went to your soul food cooking mamas or g ma's and she served you everything made with LOVE :)finally after hearing so much about this place, i was able to try it. there are only 5 or 6 spots in front of the tight parking lot in front of the restaurant. however, i got lucky because someone pulled out just as i was coming in. there is a parking lot right across the street that i think is like $1.  what they say is true - there is always a line outside the door. however, i thought it went pretty fast. we were seated within 20 minutes  at noon on a friday. Now on to the food... we weren't super duper hungry so the boyfriend and i decided to split the chicken & waffles and also some biscuits and gravy...which ended up being a good idea.wings and waffles - 6 perfectly seasoned and fried wings. the batter tasted so clean, and not like it had been fried in day old oil. the meat was juicy...it was like grandma's fried chicken if my grandma knew how to make fried chicken. however, i had to deduct one star because of the waffle. it was a belgian waffle dusted with powdered sugar and garnished it a single (but sweet) strawberry...so disappointed because it was soggy! i pushed it aside after one bite. biscuits and gravy - the biscuit was crisp on the edges and fluffy in the center. the gravy was so smooth, creamy, and decadent. there was a tad smokiness with the sausage chunks in it. this dish was actually such a  great complement to the chicken (OMG YUMM) that i wanted to slip in a suggestion to make it a combo on the menu.it was a very cozy and eclectic place. you order at the counter, and they bring the food to you. it came out pretty fast. puts you right in a food coma afterwards so don't plan a busy day after eating this! i would love to try to catfish and grits..heard it was also delishWe loves to go there for their famous wing and waffles, and also catfish with grits. Service is always top notch. I advised you to go there very early for breakfast to avoid the long line. Otherwise you will be in line for hours especially during weekends. It is a good breakfast spot to bring your out of town guests to have some good comfort Southern breakfast.Pretty yum place. Had to wait in line outside for about 5-10 minutes. Ordered at the counter and self-served my utensils, drink, and hot syrup. I ordered the French Toast with sausage and eggs. The sausage was dry, but had a different taste to it that I liked. The toast was wonderfully French. And the eggs were eggs. My bf ordered their homemade sweet tea that had a peach taste to it that I enjoyed too. I'd definitely go here again when I'm back in Houston.Have only been here once, but it lived up to the hype. We waited for about 45 minutes in line before ordering and getting seated. The weather wasn't too warm, so it wasn't too horrible of a wait. The gatekeeper lady was funny and kept the crowd entertained/smiling for the most part. So we ordered and got a seat. What surprised me was how quickly the food came after ordering. Thank you baby Jesus for not making us wait even more when our stomachs were growling. If you think about it in those kind of terms, the wait really wasn't that bad because at most places you wait about 20 minutes after ordering before the food shows up...here it was 5 minutes tops.I got the chicken and waffles and my husband got something pretty basic. Scrambled eggs, bacon and a biscuit. He got cheese on the eggs and I don't recommend doing that unless you like reeeeeally really cheesy eggs. I like cheese, and I like eggs, but they were too cheesy for me. The fried chicken was amazing. Really, really good. The waffle was ok....not mind-blowing, but when you paired it with the chicken and a little syrup...hot diggity damn now that's a good bite of food.Also, we got there about an hour before their posted closing time. At 45 minutes in, and being next in line we knew we were good....but there was still about 20 people behind us and I wondered how the restaurant would handle stragglers. The Gatekeeper joked that they wouldn't be served, but everyone was, so that's reassuring to know that you will not wait in vain. I will definitely be back!A little late to the Yelp game but I had to yelp this place.  I rely on yelp when I travel for work, ,and this place did not disappoint.  Advised beforehand of the wait, my colleague and I went early expecting a wait.  Luckily it was relatively fast,about 10 minutes.  I would have waited longer and not be mad about the food here.Delicious.  Everything.  I had the meaty 3 omelette with hash browns.  Portions were big, but I finished the whole thing.  What was even more refreshing was the owner came to our table to see how everything was going, and even sat down to talk to about the restaurant and his food. I will be back.So my friends and I woke up early to try this place (and avoid the line) bc we've heard nothing but good things. We ordered the infamous chicken and waffles as well as a side of grits. I definitely see what all the rave was about. The wings have a unique batter, very good, that most definitely enhanced the chicken, and the waffles were divine! As for the grits, I never really was a fan of the grits, but I guess because I never prepared it correctly. The grits here were good, probably because I drowned them in butter lol The food here is extremely heavy, so if you do decide to eat here, wear something comfortable =) My overall experience was good, would definitely come back!Worth the wait in the long line- even on a hot summer day! I have had several things on the menu and I can HONESTY say everything is AMAZING!! My favorite? Definitely the wings!! Crispy but not greasy, full of flavor, not overly breaded and super delicious. I am NOT a fried chicken girl- BUT I dream of their wings. The people there are friendly and are happy...and not in the fake way either. This place is supposed to be like Roscoe's in LA...I have been to Roscoe's and I think BK is WAY BETTER!!  BK is a Houston MUST.Love this place!!! Definitely love the chicken and grits, chicken and waffle ams biscuits and gravy!!! The line is worth the wait but it is really long. I wish they would  do something about the wait but you can't resist coming anyway bc it's so good!Chicken & Grits with a hard fried egg & toast. Yummm!!! Just like I remembered from about 4yrs back. Same great food & same very sweet staff. A local favorite that continues to thrive.Best breakfast in Houston.FINALLY got a chance to go to this place for brunch.  I am sure I have the same tip as everyone else... come early or you will be in line for at least 30-45 mins.  And also the portions are HUGE.  I ended taking half of mine home to eat later.  I ordered the famous chicken wings and waffles.  It was delicious!  And I also got the biscuit and gravy, mmMMMmmmm good.  Definitely recommend everyone to try this place.C'mon! +300 reviews at 4.5 stars and you really have to check the reviews?! Well here is my 5 star review...I, like you had read the previous reviews and saw that there is usually a line to get into this place so I naturally thought we should show up early. I was the first one in line today and briefly left to give a friend some change for the meter only to walk back and find 10 people standing in line. As we wait for the doors to open, mingling with the nice lady that works the line handing out menus, I notice the line gain another 10, 20, +30 before they let us in. As we walk in we hear the workers cheering and clapping then it's quiet, a voice rings out thanking us for coming out and welcome to "THE BREAKFAST KLUB"!!! Definitely an amazing way to start out my day, especially after a crappy night-shift at work.So, we get to the register and I order the wings and waffle plate with a single side of biskit and gravy. My buddy orders grilled pork chops with egg and grits. We get our drinks, get a table and look over all of the art work that is on the walls. I look outside and realize that the line never gets smaller, people just keep walking up, amazing! Our food comes out and I first dig into the waffle with some syrup and it's a pretty strait forward waffle, then I grab a drumstick and take a bite of the wing...!!!!!!!!!! All of these different feeling hit me as I took that bite. Tenderness! Spice! Taste! Krispy! Juicy! Juicy! To put it simply, it was the best wings that I have EVER eaten! (Im craving them as I type this) Next, I pour over a little gravy on the biskit and dig into the the different, but deliciously different biskit and gravy. Wasnt like my moms recipe but just as good. I haven't had a great breakfast like this anywhere. As I finished my meal I sat there thinking that this place surpassed any of my high expectations for the really hyped place. As I walked to my vehicle I was already planning my next trip there. Great place, great staff, great food! Couldn't ask for more! I walked in there getting an amazing feeling and left stuffed knowing I was gonna have a great day!Can we say DELICIOUS!  I have lived in houston over 6 years now and have never tried this place because the line is normally so long.  I had my sister and a friend in town this past weekend and they both really wanted to try it, so I manned up and prepared myself for waiting outside sweaty for some breakfast.  Luckily we only had a 5 min wait, and belive me after eating the food, I would have waited 30 minutes in that line!  I had the wings and waffles, and they were so good!  The wings were seasoned perfectly.  I ate every single bite off of my plate.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone!!SUPER long line, I waited in line Friday and decided to come back on a weekeday (great idea)The food was amazing. I was worried I wouldn't have a lot of options as I am vegetarian, but I was surprised.  The staff was also very nice considering how busy they were.HAVE to try it if you live in houston.The line is usually out the door, but this place is well worth the wait.  The fried chicken is really good and the waffles are perfect.  They give Roscoes, in LA a serious run for their money.  Whenever I'm in Houston I have to go by the Breakfast Klub.This place probably has one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Plan on waiting in line, but it will be well worth it.I love it. Brunch gets no better than this. Biscuits and gravy are off the chains and the grill go hard too! And going with girlfriend makes it all too enjoyable!Been here a couple of times now and I can't get enough of the waffle and wings! It taste like real home cooking and really hits the spot. Something no one really considers is the endless cup of coffee you can get there, which taste great! They have about 5 pots with different flavors and the coffee gets stronger with each passing pot. All in all, great atmosphere combined with tasty food!One weekend, my food posse & I wanted to get some wings & waffles, so we decided to drive ~100 mi to H-Town for the Breakfast Klub.  This place was ridiculously crowded.  While waiting in line, one of my foreign buddies unknowingly asked out loud in English "are we in a dangerous neighborhood?"  Although I wasn't there when he said it, my 1st thought when hearing this was, "Alright, so to go it is".  Anyways, joking aside, The Breakdown...Food Purchased:  Wings and wafflesVerdict:   The skin of the wings was crispy w/ a nice mild flavor while the meat was juicy and tender.  However, I didn't feel the batter used for the waffles was that unique.  When you combine all the ingredients together (chicken w/ the waffles + hot sauce & syrup) , it was good, not great.Rating:  3.5Final Remarks:  My food posse suddenly has a new opening.Parking is awful... but who cares because the food is so nommy.Chicken and waffes = good!green eggs and ham with potatoes = good! Plus, every one here is so nice. No lie.The is the meaning of true southern comfort food. Super big portions and super fatty foods. Do not come here on a diet. I came here with a group of friends and got the chicken and waffles and biscuit and gravy. I knew I couldn't finish it all but got it anyways. I got a lot of looks from wait staff and other customers for the huge amounts of food I ordered. My friends got the grits and catfish. The catfish was awesome. I had a whole box of food to take away and continue eating for the next few days!!! Would come back but I'm from San Francisco an also don't want a heart attack.Wings n waffle, breakfast special w (meat), extra bizkit. Very good overall. Line wait approx 30 minutes, not too bad considering how long it was!After reading all the rants and raves about this place I made time to stop by and try it. Parking isn't to great but many times it's like that with smaller places like this. Well the smell that greets you is just so inviting and the people inside were all so nice. this being the first visit i asked what to try and i was suggested the wings and waffles. i subbed-out the waffle for french toast. the french toast and chicken were amazing! my gf got the breakfast combo the pan fried sausage was different but i kinda liked it but the biscuits and gravy were great. the gravy in it self was not like any other gravy i have ever had. now on to the sweet tea. it should be called uber-sweet tea, not knocking but with the right ice tea ratio it would be just rightGreat Brunch!  The most friendly service ever.  The owner/manager personally came to our table twice to check on us, then shook our hands goodbye when we left and he said "see you guys tomorrow morning" which was funny marketing.  We had wings and waffles and eggs with cheese.  The eggs were perfect, the waffle was perfect, the wings were amazing.  Parking is a little confusing, we parked at the restaurant next door which was closed.Love this place!!!! We go here every time we are in houston for breakfast. Rob found this place on "Top Ten." This place is like the free birds of college station. THere is always a line that wraps around the building. They are known in my book off course for their waffles and wings. And if you DON'T like grits, this place will change your mind. OMG so good and so far no other restaurant  can match up to their challenge. Good service, great food and if you are lucky the owner stays close on weekends and mingles with the customers. When in houston, this place is worth the wait.Oh my gosh!! This place was beyond amazing. Rumor has it that this place is so yummy that people wait in line just to get in. I, however, dodged that bullet and walked right in. My mother, brother, and I went on a Thursday morning around nine ish. The staff were overly delightful, cheery, and welcoming. One lady actually came up to us and explained the menu and engaged in basic conversation with us. This is a place where you order at the register, and needless to say the lady at the register was super friendly and polite. The crowd was very diverse: many casual and business dressed friends were there. Rightfully so, we all ordered the chicken and waffles. YUMMYYYY!!!! Oh my gosh the chicken was so delicious and full of flavor. I wanted to ask them if they sold the chicken separately. It was that good. They had syrup and honey, which was good because my brother cannot consume much sugar. Overall, this is a MUST GO! I plan on going back soon. :)I'll be quick.  I stumbled upon this place after our stay at Hotel ZaZa.  I saw a line around a yellow building and thought  "What the heck are those people doing there at this time in the morning?"  Curiosity got the best of me and we found ourselves standing in line.  "Oh, its a Restaurant.  They have waffles and wings, enough said!"  I had the wings and waffles, OH YEAH!  The grits with butter are to die for.  Run don't walk to the Breakfast Klub. Trust me!Came here on a rainy Sunday morning.  Like everyone has mentioned the line was pretty long, but it moves pretty quickly.  Made friends with the people in line with us and actually ate with them in the restaurant.  The staff was really friendly and helpful. The food was pretty good.  We got the chicken & waffles and the catfish & grits.  The fried chicken was delicious and was my favorite. Overall, great place to come for breakfast/brunch.Yes, we stood in line for more than an hour on a Saturday morning but I like to think of it as a rite of passage to experience the famous Breakfast Klub and boy, was it worth it!  There are already tons of great reviews for this restaurant so I'm going to keep it simple and focus on the highlights.Decor: The restaurant itself looks pretty simple on the outside but you'll definitely notice it from the long line coming out of the restaurant.  Make sure to get here early or be prepared to wait in line for awhile.  At the very least you can people watch for an hour or soService: You wait in line and order at the counter once you actually get into the restaurant.  Once you order, you (hopefully) grab a table and wait for your food.  Our food was brought out quick which is just the way we like it when you're here.Food: One word - amazing.  We got the classic chicken with waffles which is a huge Belgian waffle with a couple of chicken wings around the waffle.  Both were delicious - nothing more to say.Summary: I'm coming back the next time I can wake up early on a Saturday or Sunday morning.what a perfect breakfast place! if you go to this place, you'll soon find out that wings and waffles + catfish and grits are their signature dishes. we tried them both and they were wonderful! their chicken wings were so delightful and surprisingly, it wasn't weird to eat it with the waffles. i'm never so much into grits, but their grits was so creamy and yummy. one more dish that is worth to try: porkchop and eggs. our porkchop was cooked perfectly and taste wonderful. they could be sooo crowded, though. we had to wait for about 15-20 minutes outside the restaurant in a hot summer weather (although they had a tent an provided water dispenser). their service was friendly too. definitely one of the loveliest breakfast place ever!Jason and I came to The Breakfast Klub with friends during a weekend in Houston.  The food was AMAZING!  And definitely justified the line outside the door.  I had the signature chicken and waffles and the chicken flavor was some of the best I've had aside from my mom's.  I could go on and on but I'll stop there - I just wanted to be apart of the multiple 5 star reviews for the amazing food here!Its good. But nothing all that incredible. When it comes to the CnW, Roscoes Chicken and Waffles is MUCH better, but sadly only in Los Angeles and Hollywood. (Its the one that gets all the celebrity praise.)  As for the breakfast? Its pretty good too, again nothing to special, but a breakfast that ends up costing more than some dinners. Ouch not worth it.  Breakfast for two with sides $28???!! Ridiculous.The place is awesome! I go around 1 and 1:30 so there's always space for my gf and I to eat. We always get the chicken and waffles! It's so unhealthy but it's good for the soul! It's pretty darn good so I'm scared to try something else cause the wings and waffles are just so yummy!The staff workers are also so nice. Will be going here plenty of more times!I heard about this place from several people so I had to try it out.  The tip is to get there when they open because the place gets PACKED. I got there 30 min before they opened the doors.  Still I was about the 60th person in line that wrapped its way around the building.  Once I got my order I was lucky enough to grab one of the last two remaining tables open. This place is known for its chicken and waffles but It was a little early for chicken wings for me. I decided to go with a loaded omlet which was very good.  The walls are loaded with local ethnic art and articles/reviews published by the media.  It's a unique place to take friends from out of town. It might even be a fun place to take a date who loves art or is into ethnic cultures.This place gets five stars all the way across the board! Great customer service, Great food, and Great music. There are all walks of life that visit this place! Really, you will be surprised to see all the different ethic and class of people that frequent this place. The line looks intimidating but it move rather quickly. Now I will warn you although they have a veggie omelet on the menu this is not the place to get a healthy meal. So if your on a diet make sure to plan a extra workout for the day, but I promise you it will be well worth it!Dont be fooled by the line outside wrapped around the building, service is quick so you get in and out in no time. Food is pretty tasty, i only gave it 3 stars because i wasnt a fan of the batter they used for the waffles. It tasted kinda doughy, but my friend ordered the fish and grits, and the fish was REALLY good. I told my mom to check it out just to try out the fish and grits.I wish I could come up with something more eloquent to write about the BK than what's been written here, but just as I was when I took my first bite of French toast, I am at an absolute loss for words. Transcendental? Life changing? Yes. The chicken? Other worldly. There's GOT some be some addictive illegal substance sprinkled liberally on this food because my friends, this is not your average, ordinary breakfast food. My aunt and I went one Saturday morning and it was all we could talk about for days. My friends got sick of hearing about it. The service? Impeccable. Friendly. Welcoming. This is the kind of place you can go, hung over, crabby, and by the time you leave, all is right with the world.  Run, don't walk...and take everyone you love with you!This place really is as Krazy-good as everybody says.  Everything I've had at The Breakfast Klub has been perfect.  Some of the best fried catfish I've ever eaten.  The atmosphere is hoppin, too.  It's worth the wait and the line moves much faster than you might think.Honestly, there's really no point for me to write this review because come on! 200 something reviews and 4.5 stars?! That's pretty damn convincing enough. But because thinking about this place makes me salivate immediately, I just had to contribute. So here's my bottom line: JUST GO. Don't even think about the block long line or the Houston heat and humidity. Bring an umbrella, put on some sunscreen, grab a book. JUST GO. Because all of that will be worth it. If you don't believe me, ask the 30 something crazy people waiting in line with you. Breakfast here is as simple and as grounded as it gets. I mean come on, catfish for breakfast?! Crazy good I tell you!Everything that needs to be said about this place has already been said.  Amazing breakfast, true southern hospitality, and decor and vibe.  The owner is always walking around greeting customers and talking it up.  This place is doing something right if I wait outside in the Houston heat for 45-60 minutes each time.  The waffles taste like funnel cake and the wings are out of this world.  I've also had the fried and grilled porkchop which was excellent!  Be sinful and stick with the fried porkchops.  You already screwed up your diet by coming here in the first place.  The omelets are out of this world too! Breakfast Klub is definitely a once in a while thing.  If you had this every weekend you'd need a larger wardrobe after six weeks.  LOVE THIS PLACE!Don't be intimidated by the line. It is worth the wait and the food is mouthwatering. The staff is friendly and this is truly a community spot, the kind of local business that you love to support.One of my favorite places for sunday brunch.  The food is great and the people are very nice.  I have never had anything I did not like and I have tried just about everything.Definitely in my breakfast/brunch top five. The food, service and atmosphere can't be beat. Obviously I'm not the first person to say this, but here it is anyway: the fried catfish and grits are awesome! If possible I'd have em every morning, might shave a few months off my life though... meh.Nice environment on the inside, and Mary is a terrific hostess. The wings and waffle is a great dish for breakfast or lunch. It definitely lived up to the hype. Go for breakfast after 9 a.m. to miss the rush (at least on Thursday, when I went). Parking is an issue, so you may have to drive around the corner to find a spot. Service was fast and friendly. I would go back in a heartbeat!Highly recommended for breakfast or lunch.You've got to love a place where everyone is upbeat, treating you like a close family member, every plate of food is hot and heaping full, good coffee, and where Southern style comfort food is seen as a divine right. Just about everything is superb, although their own sausage and chicken note especial mention. I've been coming since Marcus first opened the joint, and don't come as often these days because it does get very crowded, and in the morning my tired old ass would rather just plant itself in a chair and order, as opposed to standing in line for 10 minutes. But you can't fault a business for being successful and we still stop by from time to time for a great big plate of happiness.Boyfriend and I had heard about this place even before we moved to Houston, and last Sunday, we decided to check it out. There was a line almost to the door, but it moved pretty fast plus Mary, the greeter, is so warm and friendly and fun to talk too. We both ordered the French toast. I got mine with bacon, boyfriend got sausage. French toast was so good I didn't even need syrup. Eggs were awesome. Sausage was pretty alright, but let me tell you about the bacon!!! These were not ordinary-sized slices of bacon...these were monsterous! Thick and perfectly cooked...amazing flavor. I want more! Oh also ordered a white chocolate mocha...probably one of the best I've ever had. This place is a little pricy, but the food is absolutely amazing. Service is awesome too, Mary rules!All I can say is, "Do yourself a favor and go!"...The food is southern comfort food and it's absolutely delicious. Everything was piping hot and freshly made!  The first time I visited this restaurant the owners found out I was from Los Angeles and she wanted me to try everything. She sent out potatoes and grits and eggs. I have to say it all was better than Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles! Sorry Roscoes....I would move to Houston just to be able to eat here everyday!!True to its recommendation ....The food was good but it doesn't live up to the hype. I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was well-cooked and well-seasoned. It wasn't too spicy nor was it bland. The waffle was nothing special, though. It tasted like it was made out of a bisquick batter mix. If the chicken and waffles plate was cheaper, I'd visit again. The drinks are also very pricey ($3.75 for plain coffee). However, $14 isn't worth a few good pieces of fried chicken and a mediocre waffle. Unlike many reviewers, my friend and I visited the restaurant around 10:30 AM on a Wednesday and there was absolutely no line.Biscuits and gravy and chicken& waffles  are to DIE for! The staff is exceptionally gracious.Chicken & Waffles on Sunday morningThere aren't enough positive adjectives to describe The Breakfast Klub. The wings n waffles are so good -- not dried out like some fried chicken can be. The batter on the wings is reminiscent of Frenchy's if you've ever had their chicken. You only get one waffle with that dish though. The pancake plate comes with HUGE pancakes so be prepared to have leftovers. For sides, the grits and potatoes taste like down-home cooking at your grandma's house in the country. I've gone with people who've gotten the pork chops and omlettes and they raved about those items as well. I wish I could talk about more of the menu but I really love what I get so I haven't tried everything. And as many times as I've been I don't think I've ever had lunch!The bottled lemonade and sweet tea drinks are freshly made but to me they're a little pricey at around $3 each. Personally, I LOVE the Karmel Macchiato, which I think costs $5-6 but it's worth every penny. It's served in a TBK oversized mug, which probably holds the equivalent of a medium coffee at a chain. I would much rather give my money to a Houstonian! The only con is that if you go during a peak time, the line will be wrapped around the building. That's the price you pay for dining at such a hot spot! The staff members are always friendly and will come around and ask how you're doing. Even the owner walks around and chats with customers. Definitely a five-star place in my opinion!Consistently excellent.  This is my go-to place for a Houston brunch.  I tend to get the fish and french toast (with fresh strawberries)--it's my daughter's preference, and since we're both little people, we share a meal.  Every once in a while, I'll get the fried chicken and some home fries or some eggs (with peppers and onions).  WOW.  What more can I say than it is all excellent?  I tend to order a lemonade and a tea (unsweet), combine them for one of the yummiest Muddy Waters you have ever tasted.Also, the coffee is on point.  It WILL wake you up and it IS delicious.  The beans are not burned like the coffee you get at other places.  I drink it black--happily.There is nothing like this food anywhere.  It is ALWAYS on point.  Staff is beyond friendly, and know my daughter by face and name.  I went to this restaurant at least twice a month for a year a half and NEVER got a miss.Line is a little intimidating if you show up on a Saturday, but it goes by quickly.  Never waited more than about 45 minutes to be seated, and once you are seated, your food arrives quickly and is fresh.Yum! There was a wait but didnt get there too late so wasn't bad, PLUS they dont let us stand out there under the sun, they provide tent coverage :) The food was delicious-the eggs so yummy, the wings were meaty & the belgian waffle so fluffy & soft! Looking fwd to going back!Best breakfast I've had in Houston. Everything on my plate was delicious- totally lives up to it's reputation. The restaurant also has such a lovely community vibe to it. Every single person that works there, is super friendly and polite. Feels like you're at home- feels better than home actually, if I'm being honest. Wear comfortable shoes for standing in that line- and don't give up! It's well worth the wait.I can't understand why people would wait in line for this place. The food is nothing to write home about.Ok I've been here several times and this place never disappoints. I take all my family and friends who visit and they always want to eat there again. I love the grits, potatoes, chicken, porkchops, biscuits, and the lunch specials. The waffle is nothing special to me but some think it's the best. Get there early on the weekends as in opening time or you will be in a loooooong line. All in all if you live or are visiting Houston you should definitely put this place on your list of places to eat.This place was great!  The hostess was very friendly and joking with everybody as she walked around outside carrying a plate with the special that day.  She started chatting with my wife and I and became even more helpful when she found out we were first timers from Austin.  The food was delicious!  I can honestly say that is the first time I have eaten a waffle at a restaurant that was not drowsed in syrup for some kind of flavor, I felt bad for wasting the cup and half that I didn't use.  I have also visited maybe two restaurants that can cook eggs the way I like them but they nailed it.  The wife got a BALT sandwich which she loved, said she couldn't eat the whole thing but a few minutes later the plate was nearly empty and she had a grin on her face like "what???"!  The next time I am in or around Houston I will definately be back.Best breakfast I've ever had,hands down. The pictures which are shown here on yelp are true to life. There will definitely be a wait, I went on a Friday around ten and still had to wait about thirty minutes but is totally worth it. They even make their own lemonade which is worth a try. I ordered the chicken and waffles and it was like nothing I've ever tasted, if your used to church's or Kentucky fried chicken you must order this to open your eyes! No matter where you are in Houston this place is worth it! Just see for yourself!I ordered one of the signature dishes, the waffle and wings. The wings was soggy and not crispy at all. The waffle was served dry with nothing on the side. The layout sort of floored me. Coffee and the soft-drink/water dispensing machine were just off the register, which seemed sensible. The decor looked old and dirty. When the food comes, you find out it comes with nothing no hot syrup and a rude waiter not willing to help out.The price was so high that I left wondering what had knocked the sense out of me. For the waffle/wings dish and a cup of coffee, I paid over $15. A three-course lunch at Cheesecake is cheaper than that! If there were linen-covered tables, waiters, and better ambience, I could have seen where the $15 went. But for a dark (at 10:30 AM in the summer on a clear day) environment with bare-bones furnishings, and waiting for 1:30 hr, the price is extravagantly high. Don't get me wrong--I go for shabby decor (I live in Montrose, where shabby can be chic), but not at those prices.I've only been here once and will unlikely return.  It was decent enough, but not good enough for me to wait in line.   The service is great and friendly, but nothing about the food is really that special to me.  The chicken is salty on the chicken and waffle dish.  My other breakfast favorite of just eggs and bacon were just...eggs and bacon.  While they were made correctly, they weren't so special that I would wait in line for them again.  More of an experience than a meal, I've experienced it now and doubt I'll go back.My second visit at the Breakfast Klub was so so. i finally tried the wings and waffles and was disappointed. The wings were juicy but the meat didn't have much flavor and only the skin had some taste to it. Even though the waffle was crispy and soft on the inside, it wasn't anything spectacular. It was also too much for breakfast with the grease and all. Gosh, my artery was clogged for the day. I know my last review was five stars, but after coming back, the taste was different. Maybe I became pickier or something, but the food didn't blow me out of the ball park.Stopped by around 12:30pm on Friday of New Years Eve. The line was around the corner. We were able to place our order around 1:30pm. We got their following signature dishes:- Wings & Waffles ($9.99): I put Tabasco sauce on the wings and hot syrup on the waffles and ate them together. The flavors were kind of average. I was somewhat disappointed given that this is what they're known for.- Katfish & Grits w/ potatoes & biscuit ($10.99): The fried catfish was average. I doused it with hot sauce. The grits were nasty. They arrived cold and was a solid block with hardened butter on top. It might've tasted ok sans butter and if it was warm. The potatoes and biscuit were average.There was a nice old lady walking up and down the line offering mimosas and jerk chicken samples.Street parking is very limited. There's a lot right across the street for $1 and one a block away for $2.always good eats here chicken and waffeles and the french toast are the bomb!!!!Best wait!  Worth every minute, and we go every weekend!!Love love love the food here!!! Only bad part is that the restaurant is too small for the amount of business it has and for those like myself that have a busy schedule do not always have the time to wait in line :(. But I'm glad they have so much business and hope they expand soon.I probably had too high of expectations, but after finally deciding to get up early and wait in line I was slightly dissapointed.Don't get me wrong, the food is solid, but it didn't blow me away.We only tried the chicken and waffles, the waffles were waffles and the chicken was good, but sweeter than I was expecting. I would like to try it again but won't go out of my way.Don't be scared away by the long lines, they move quick!! Although, if you can make it during the week instead of sat/sun, do it! I've only ever had wings and waffles/grits, but they are great. Seriously delicious waffles. I kept stealing the grits off a friends plate. I seriously considered waiting in line, again, just for a side of grits. Great food, friendly service, and no complaints from me!!I had breakfast here after a tough workout, so I earned it! Their pancakes are the best. Huge, fluffy and perfect. The coffee was really good too! I went on a Thursday and the line wasn't long at all. The only con I experienced was the parking, but that's just midtown.There is always a line at this place but that shouldn't deter you! Also, if you go around 12:30 or 1, there usually isn't a line. The staff is very friendly and fun. And the food is delicious - it's good, old fashioned home cooking food. It's only open til 2 so it's only a breakfast and lunch place. It's one of those place you have to take out of towners and yes, try the chicken and waffles. They're awesome! My other favorite is the spinach, swiss and mushroom omelette.Sure, it tasted good...but my stomach could not handle it. I had the chicken and waffles since it seems to be their signature dish. If you don't eat fried food often, steer clear!It was amazing !! I had the Katfish and grits. The staff is friendly, the food was great, everthing is just right . they should open another one near where I live :p thats the only problem I have with the place. Oh they there is usually a line but its worth it.This food was great and the place is very cool.  There was a line around the restaurant the whole time we were there, and after we ate, I knew why!The first i Came here was for a class meeting in summer 2012. The waffles are big and chewy and kinda crunchy. I love them. Gets really packed and parking is tough. Service could be a lot better.with such a long line, i was expecting some awesomeness.i had the fried chicken and waffles. fried chicken was delish (frenchy's is better!), and the waffles were good for the first 5 minutes. but they quickly get soggy despite not being bathed in maple syrup. they were so thick and hot at first, but quickly got soggy. should have been more crispy to begin with.i don't understand the big deal about this place, but definitely an experience to try in houston. way better than any ihop or dennys.I came here on a Saturday afternoon right before closing and the place was completely packed.  Yet within 10 minutes I already had my food, and it was delicious.  I ordered one of their signature dishes, the catfish and grits.  If this place were in DC, I would be here all the time for brunch.This place is a must try. My favorite items from the menu are the catfish and grits and the sausage and gravy. People rave about the chicken and waffles but I don't think it's anything special.  I don't come here often, but when people from out of town come to town and ask where to eat, I always recommend The Breakfast Klub.  The only negative about this place are the lines that wrap around the building on weekends.I will drive from San Antonio to Houston, TX anytime to eat at this great diner.  The food is fricking awesome, service is spectacular and customer service is second to none.  If there is a line, wait.  It's worth it.  Great waffles, wings and more!  If you have to fly to Houston to eat here it is worth it...   Yummmmmmy!mmm mmm good is all I can think when you say "Breakfast Klub."  This place has great everything service, food, and atmosphere!!!  I have tried just about everything on the menu and always pleased!!!  In addition to having great food the service is second to none!!! The owners walk around asking how you meal was and if you enjoyed it.  Oh and the coffee is delish!!!I've always heard good things about this place, and was not disappointed!  The woman greeting us at the door was, hands down, the nicest person I've met in a restaurant in forever. The food was excellent, abundant, and reasonably priced.  Fantastic coffee, as well.Great place but I have to knock a star off for the ridiculous lines in this ridiculous heat.  Chicken and waffles are the best! The chicken wings are really the star of this dish as the waffle is pretty ordinary.  But it really is like being in line at an amusement park, at least they have water stations set up so you don't die.Great food, great atmosphere. 'Itis inducing.This is one of my ABSOLUTE places to bring family and friends when they come through Houston.  You can't go wrong with either of the signature dishes (Fish & Grits or the Wings & Waffles), they are all great!  If you ever go on a Saturday and the line is out of the door, LET ME TELL YOU....  It is WORTH THE WAIT!!!  The atmosphere is very laid back, which is all the more reason to come again! Don't Miss Out!!!friendly atmosphere, kind staff, EXCELLENT food. I had the signature wings and waffles and it was very hot, fresh, and delicious. I like the way they run the restaurant, you order in line, pay at the counter, and then get a table, by then your food is almost ready. the gospel music was a little loud, but it added to the soul-food atmosphere they are aiming to achieve. overall a great breakfast, can't wait to go back and try the katfish and grits!This place always has a line outside, but it definitely worth the wait - it doesn't take a long while for your turn to place the order. Wings and waffles, catfish, and omelette. The flavored coffee drinks are too sweet for me.May be my #1 restaurant in Houston. Foods amazin but love the memories here. I get the catfish and grits every time. Owner walks around and asks each table how their meal is... yea i'm a fan all around.Overrated overpriced. Very typical hype. We went on friday at 10am. Waited for 55 mins. 30 mins in the sun. $14 bland waffle n 6 ok wings. $3.75 for sweet ice tea. $2 parking across the street on gravel parking lot. Pull in and find an empty spot with number. Drop $2 in the Dropbox slot with your parking number by the entrance.Everyone is EXTREMELY nice here! Someone who I assume was a manager came by our table outside and asked if everything was ok and if we had been there before. My boyfriend said that we hadn't which was funny, because we live 4 blocks away. The manager assured us he was there to help!  The food was so good! I had the catfish and potatoes and bf had the chicken klub. We both felt that we couldnt  have chosen better entrees. go there.Whenever you want friendly service and 3000 calories for breakfast, this is the place to go.  From the catfish and grits to the chicken wings and waffles, this place is a greasy, buttery, sugary dreamland.Chicken and Waffles!! Omg so delicious! And the sweet tea is nice and sweet! The Breakfast Klub is totally worth the wait!!i think this place deserve a 5 stars!  Driving across the country last year, i found this beloved brunch place in Houston.  Can't remember which day it was, but as soon as we saw the long line outside of restaurant in the early morning, we knew this place must  be really good.  This is truly the best chicken and waffle i had.  the chicken is very crisp and flavored; waffles are freshly made.  My husband had his catfish dish, that was really good was well.  i was so full from my breakfast, i didn't even get the chance to try their dessert... oh, well, there is always next time!Always good a little heavy and long lines go quick.I know this is a favorite breakfast/brunch spot.  However, I think I prefer a bit lighter fare these days.  It was my first time having chicken and waffles, and while good, I think the combo is still a little strange.  My niece loved her pancake, & she and I spilt the fresh fruit plate.  The staff is super friendly, but the lines are long and with Texas summers that could be brutal especially with kids in tow.  Parking looks like it can be a pain, but that is a problem for all restaurants in that area.  Overall though not bad, and I am sure many would wish they kept later hours.pretty good breakfast selection.  chicken and waffles is their star item but i was not too impressed.  The chicken was not too crispy and it a bit pricey.  staff is great and its a place to wheel and deal over breakfast.....I love waffles. I love chicken. I love Roscoes. This is probably the closest I will get to a Roscoes in Houston. The service is awesome and the food even more so.Awesome Pork Chops and Eggs.. great lemonade as well.  Got there at noon today and only had to wait 5 minutes outside."Nation's best breakfast" - I'm a believer! We were pleasantly greeted by the sweetest woman donning Breakfast Klub gear. The anticipation grew while reading all the accolades on the wall from US News to Esquire. As noted in an interview by the owner, Fried Chicken & Waffles is a MUST. So we placed the order with a side of grits and my sister ordered fried catfish & grits. No mistake there - the chicken was SO flavorful (they make their own spice mix.) The side of grits was huge, and it disappeared into my stomach before I knew it. The chicken and catfish were tender and juicy on the inside, perfectly fried on the outside. Great ambiance, interior walls adorned with vibrant art, and music of Duke, Ella and other jazz greats playing in the background. I can't wait to come back already on my next visit to Houston! Great service with a smile.There's no getting around it.. You're going to stand in line. But I will stand in line time and time again to get my Chicken & Waffles from The Breakfast Klub!! You're always welcomed with a friendly face and well taken care of here! I just wish they were 24 hours!Love the chicken and waffles... TASTES SOO GOOD MAKE YOU WANNA SLAP YO MAMA!Saturday was my wife and I first time there. We ordered waffle and wings and the catfish and grits. We shared both plates. We will be back with guests.  Great place friendly wait staff.I came for brunch and ordered the pancakes, sausage, and scrambled eggs. Since my meal and drink alone was over $15, I expected much better quality. The staff was very helpful and informative. The food however just did not do it for me. I will come back again soon and try the chicken and waffles, but this time left me wanting more not in a good way.I like this place. its got a Austin feel to it. This is a great place to come for breakfast but be prepared to wait in line outside as this place gets packed very fast. The food is delicious extremely heavy but delicious.I've been here several times and don't understand what all the hype is about the food.  The service is AMAZING but the food is just alright .  The seasoning on the chicken wings is off and it tastes as if it was fried in weeks old oil.  (same goes for the catfish)  As for the grits, Im unimpressed.  I will return on my next to Houston because It is an experience, and I like the vibe there as well as their coffee.Chicken and waffles or catfish and grits??? Why not both!!!So friendly. This is the best Southern-style breakfast place in the city. Just get there early (unless you enjoy waiting in lines).I'm not by nature a very patient person and I usually loathe long lines but considering all the hype I've heard and read about The Breakfast Klub, I figured why not? If not to shoot down the hype then to satisfy my own innate curiosity for the unusual combination of fried chicken wings and waffle. Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised. The star dish was a little pricey for brunch but considering the portion size, it was well worth it. The service was excellent and the bottomless gourmet coffee was fantastic. I might have had to exercise off a few thousand calories the next day but my taste buds sure weren't complaining!The waffles and wings was Fantastic. So all the rumors about how great they are has now been verify to be TRUE. The raspberry Mocha that I had read from a great friend of mine reviews was delicious, and probably the best Mocha I ever had. Thank you guys for allowing me to leave your restaurant satisfy, happy and rubbing my belly with a smile. : )So awesome! I loved the B.E.T., and my boyfriend got Wings and Waffles, which were fantastic. The staff were all so friendly, and the owner made sure every table was enjoying their food.  There was a line to get inside, but from what I hear that's typical. It didn't take long at all though. Great experience overall!A long line in the beginning that moves fast and is well worth the wait! The Breakfast Klub puts soul into breakfast! They make u wish u could eat breakfast 24/7! I had the Klub Benedict and it was full of flavor and taste. The breakfast potatoes are perfectly seasoned, I ordered an extra side! The coffee is a full of flavor and gives any popular coffee joint a run for its money. The great friendly service and relaxing music will have u coming back again and again. Highly recommended!!Always good, fresh, and fast.  On the weekends you have to be willing to wait though.  Wings & waffles and shrimp & grits are signature dishes you can't go wrong with.Good food great service, what else can you ask for?Chicken and waffles.  Green eggs and ham.  Yum.The Best Breakfast in Houston hands down!!! I've been going here almost since it opened and originally it was a great place to hang out with great food too...Now all you go here for is the great food.  I always, always order the Katfish & Grits w/a Karamel Macchiato and it never disappoints, the katfish has a perfect breading on it, crispy but not too crispy and the grits, creamy, but not mushy and they don't get hard after sitting on your plate for awhile.  Do yourself a favor, try out the Breakfast Klub at least once if you live in Houston....or if you're visiting!Love it! Chicken and waffles are the best!I have only been here once but the chicken and waffles was to die for. The line was out the door, and that was the only con. It would be great if they had seating inside but honestly. A+Of all the things I miss about Houston, I miss chicken and waffles.  And this place had the best.Love the catfish and grits. The only downside is the long line on a hot Summer morning, so plan waiting time. They do, however have someone take orders in line to expedite this process, which is helpful. The Breakfast Klub was the first in Houston to introduce Southern style cooking with a twist hence the union of hot wings and waffles. Delicious.The lines are long for a reason, so be sure to get there early! The food is great, and the service is even better. I especially like that the owner is always greeting everyone with a smile. Definitely try their belgian waffles.This place is down home good food. Great service, great food, great selection. They do one thing and they do it well: Breakfast. Beware of the lines on saturday and sunday mornings.Best breakfast in town.  Chicken better than grandma'sThe food is great, but the price of the food is a bit high, a must go to spot.Great food and even better service!  My friend and I tried the catfish and grits and the chicken and waffles.  They were both very good, but I enjoyed the catfish the best!  It was my first time having chicken and waffles, so it was a great experience, and I would it again!  We did wait in line for about an hour, but it went quickly and the weather was nice.  When we ordered our food, the chicken and waffles came out a bit after the catfish, but we had a few people ask us what we were waiting on and quickly addressed the issue.  We were not upset at all because we were sharing the meals, so we didn't even notice, but they came back with a  $15 gift card!  Score!  I love places that go the extra mile to please their customers!Best ever chicken and waffles.  I would have given 5 stars, but the portions are not Texas sized.  Every thing in Texas restaurants should be hughe!Yummy! I love this place.  Get here early...the line gets really long.  The specialty here is the chicken and waffles.Famous for their wings and waffles so of course I ordered it, and I definitely enjoyed this plate for lunch. This southern inspired place has the right kind of taste for its chicken and the waffles are oh so soft and yummy! I love the atmosphere, very comfortable, family/close friend bond, so many regulars, basically the southern feel... come and check out the hype!I will admit this is one of the best Chicken (Wings) & waffles I have had.  Great tasting product and fast service, however what kills the restaurant is the wait.  On any given day you have atleast an hour wait, we waited for an hour & 45 mins on a Friday afternoon at 11.  If the line wasn't that long i'd love to go back with more people.I love this place, in particular some of the best wings n' waffles anywhere in the country.  And although I'm very happy for the well-deserved success that the Breakfast Klub has had, part of me still wishes it was a local secret, as the only complaint that one can reasonably make is the wait--I've never gotten a seat in under 30 minutes.Quick review: I love the chicken and waffles but hate the line!I'm ONLY giving this place 4 stars because it was my first time going and I only had one dish, pretty. Sure this will be upgraded as I go there more.  My brother took me there on a Thursday because he said I had to try the special, chicken fried chicken.  I really wanted breakfast food but he said thursday is the day to go.  I wasn't disappointed, the food was excellent, big portions, and the service is excellent!  The tea is really sweet just like I like it, I can see me gaining 10 pounds there.  There is usually a line so be prepared to wait, I hear some days are worse than others, but they have water and cups so u won't dehydrate while waiting, and trust me it is worth the wait.I am having a serious food coma.  We went on Saturday and it was delicious.  We had the eggs benedict and french toast with a side of grits.  First, be sure to get there early because there is always a line out the door and the later in the day, the hotter it gets.  We were there at 8:30 am and there was a line.  The good news is it goes fairly quickly and they had water outside that you could get a cup and drink.  We went because this has been featured on some many tv shoes and we wanted to what was the hype.  There is a lady who comes out front and explains the system and hands out menus ahead of time.  You go and order and grab a cup if you want coffee.  You have counter service and take a number to your table and they bring the food to you.  You help yourself to the beverage you ordered whether it be coffee or sodas.  First, there are newspapers and magazine clippings featuring the restaurant as you go in.  I like there system of having only as many people as the line in front of the register.  You don't have to worry about fighting for a table because they don't let people in to claim tables before they order.Second, I love eggs benedict and it is hard to find a place that does it justice.  They do at BK.  The hollandaise sauce is light and creamy with a hint of a lemony flavor and taste a little like gravy.  Some places it is so thick it is congealed.  Not here and I love that they put it on a biscuit rather than benedict.  They put 3 meats on the benedict and they are generouse pieces.  Also, they actually free form poach their eggs for the benedict.  Some restaurants use the preform cups which I HATE and the BK does not.  Awesome that they take to doing everything the right way.  You might think that just getting that without sides is not enough food but they load it up so large that I wasn't hungry until late afternoon.  My compadres loved their french toast which comes with 4 generous half slices.  We got a side of grits and usually I'm not a fan but I am here.  The grits are coarse grain which I prefer and they are generous with the salt and butter.  I would love it they had cheese grits because that would make it perfect.  Still the grits are good enought alone.  I would come back and the hype is accurate.  The prices aren't as cheap as they have been before as we saw cheaper prices in the news article write-ups on the wall.  For 2 orders of french toast, 1 eggs benedict, a side of grits, and 2 coffees, that ran about $45 dollars.  The breakfast entrees run about 10ish dollars.Have been several times and food is always consistently good. One of the few places I would wait in line for. Service is top notch. The lady that greets you outside adds something special to the experience. Love the wings and waffles, the grits and the omelettes. One of the few restaurants in Houston on par with nationally famous places that people from out of town just have to try.Walked up to the restaurant to see a HUGE line on Saturday morning. That alone tells you to expect great things. They pass out the menus while you're in so no one can hold up the line by the time you order at the very front. Extremely friendly service, who adore those who opt to sit outside. The portions are huge, the catfish and grits were amazing, and the coffee is sorted by strength (how awesome is that? :P). Great for brunch, though I'd recommend going on a weekday/not the busiest day ever.Make sure to take your cholesterol meds before you go... this place packs a punch. It might be the most delicious/unhealthy breakfast you've ever had in your life. Fried catfish, grits, fried eggs and a buttered biscuit sound a little too healthy for ya - then go ahead and have the waffles and fried chicken instead! YUM! :p Defibrillator please!This local institution is renowned for its southern breakfast. I waited an hour in line, which wrapped around the corner of the restaurant, to eat their signature wings and waffles. The meal was washed down with some delicious coffee and sweet tea. Heavenly.By far THE best place in Houston for breakfast! From the selection of Wings and Waffles to Fish (catfish) and Grits! Not to mention their pancakes are like pure sugar (in a good way)! It is a little on the expensive side, however, you will leave stuffed and probably with a to-go box. But the experience is well worth it!!The food was good, but not so good that it would be worth waiting in line for over half an hour each time.  Now being a group from out of town who had the time to wait in line, we didn't mind this first time, especially as we were so entertained by the colorful greeter, Mary. She's a trip!Regardless of the wait, it's worth it for their chicken & waffles, fresh coffee and excellent service.It's alright... I don't know why the line is always so long. Every time I go I'm usually frustrated that I stood outside for so long for the same quality of food I could get at House of Pies with less sweating or soreness of my feet. And I usually wish I had some slap yo' mama with me.Best chicken and waffles ever! Make sure you show up early or there will be a long line. The line does move fast but get there before 9am.I had the waffles and wings.  I guess I'm used to California Roscoes, where the wings are flavorful, rather than just crunchy, and the waffles are perfectly fluffy, because I did not enjoy my food here.Decent food, but I'm not crazy about the absurdly long line. It's usually the worst on weekend mornings. I don't think it was worth the wait (40 minutes), but I will say that the atmosphere was pleasant (if busy at times) and the food was good. I might go back when the restaurant is slower.Egg and Sausage breakfast was pretty tasty. Love the coffee options! Next time I really want to try the "breakfast klub" sandwich as it looked amazing!!!!Oh man... this place never disappoints!  Best dishes on the menu are the chicken wings and waffles or the catfish and grits.  They get it right every time.  AND the employees always have a smile on their face and look to put a smile on yours.  They're probably so happy because they have such great working hours.  They close at 2pm which does make it hard to plan out a trip here... not to mention on weekends there are always lines wrapped out the side of the building.  So go early or just stick to the weekdays.  Enjoy!It's ok.  I like the food and I would return if the food didn't make me sick.  I've tried ordering different items off the menu and I get the same results after I eat.  My mom loves this place.  Next time I'll order water and let you know how that goes.Best chicken, waffles, and grits. My favorite breakfast spot in Houston. It's worth the long wait. Staff are very friendly and the owner Marcus is usually there to greet and speak to customers.Seriously?  So delicious.  Run, do not walk, to Breakfast Klub.  I had the waffle and wings plate and the wings were the best I have ever had.  My husband had the French Toast which was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  We also tried a side of bacon - thick cut, perfect crispness, mouth watering.  The coffee selection was not disappointing either.  The staff was so friendly and the place was super clean with a light fun atmosphere.  I honestly cannot say enough good things about this The Breakfast Klub.  There was a long line outside, but we arrived right at 8AM on a Saturday for breakfast and got in really quickly.  Once we ordered we got our food relatively fast.  The downside?  When I was done I wanted more but had nowhere left to put it I was so full!  I will be bringing visiting guests to this place for sure.  What a treat!Hmmm...the wings are heavily seasoned with salt...and the waffles are quite crispy yet average something you and I could make...but it is good ..seriously. I am from the Windy City and trust me...I know good food when I eat it! However, eating too much of this can be a health hazard...Hint: Hypertension or Hyperglycemia...Unfortunately, as of yesterday, I cannot support this place of business because I am a firm believer in integrity. YOUR WORD IS BOND! There was a posting on their Facebook page that SAID they would begin 1st Saturdays (only) with children eating free from 10-2. Being that I am a parent I would like that..it seemed cool. The day this was supposed to begin I was welcomed to one hell of a line....and an " event" that apparently showcased a kid event (which is fine it's 1st Saturdays..?) I finally got in a hour later and asked the cashier how the incentive went...She didn't know what I was talking about even though I was looking at the post on Facebook that was created weeks ago...? WTH...? Ok...she went to find out what was going on...her coworker with natural tight curly hair gave her an attitude saying...no...and proceeded to go in the kitchen....I peeped the whole scenario.Mel was however very gracious and a true business owner...she apologized for what she said was a " gross misunderstanding" and offered a discount. I however know what I had seen....going back to my iPad ...the post on their Facebook page mysteriously disappeared...LMAO! I respect the fact that they are a united front and are doing business as African-Americans, I had to clarify that...however flat out denying an advertisement of any sort is just petty...not gonna fly with customers like myself...Talking to another customer...a TSU alumni who was there for her first time, owner Marcus comes in to inquire about our experience and I proceed to tell him about my experience and the post on FB...he didn't seem to have a clue of what I was talking about with 1st Saturdays with the free kiddie meal offer...saying that it only will consist of activities and showcasing like that debut that day! He basically said it will be separate from the restaurant...I don't have to lie and it is not that serious...either you think it's (the pilot idea aforementioned ) a good idea for your business...or you see it isn't working...but don't try and hoodwink a customer out of pride..it can cost you..and perhaps dearly one day...Do not insult  ANYBODY'S intelligence or power as a consumer..."The customer is ALWAYS right"-Marshall FieldFood is great, owner even came to every table see how everyone was doing. That's awesome! The line was cray long but they had canapes up to shade and ice cold water.I went here 9/1/12 for the very first time and loved it! I ordered catfish,potatoes and grits(which I like but had never had w/catfish until here). A roll and tomato was also included. Every single item was yummy. The lemonade was so good too. Since this is the only Breakfast Klub that exists and it closes at 2pm,there is a long line to enter BUT it is very much worth the wait. LA definitely has a fan of this restaurant.Good, but not as good as I had hoped given all the reviews. Pancakes and omelette were excellent, eggs Benedict was disappointing. Great place to go after a night on the town.Best chicken and waffles, need I say more?Place has a cozy feeling, it was pack.. Even on the weekday. You have to get your own sauce and utensils near the front desk. Ordered the chicken and waffles. It was good, but wasn't THAT good. I don't know what the hype was for. But I will definitely be back. Oh yea bring an umbrella if you plan on going when it's raining. Gotta wait outside when it gets packIt is a good place to go eat breakfast, but a little overrated.Love this place. The chicken & french toast is wonderful and the management is great!!!I highly enjoyed this place.  We went on a Sunday morning.  Got there maybe at 10ish.  About a 30 min wait, but not that bad cuz by the time we left, the line was even longer.  I had catfish and grits.  Really good flavor on the catfish.  My friend had the chicken wings and waffle.  Yum.  Better than Roscoes Chicken n Waffles in Los Angeles I think.  Cool place, I bought two mugs.Went here with really high expectations, but left sort of dissapointed.  I guess that I am so used to eating Fr*nchies when I come down to Houston that when I think of anything soul and chicken, I expect, Fr*nchies.  However, I bet the other items on the menu are pretty good and the bottomless coffee is a pretty good deal as well.  Overall, this is a good place to catch some breakfast if you aren't in a rush.I arrived at 1:30 pm. Great timing! No line. Huge portions of food. Everything was good. I ordered the chicken and grits and the biscuits and gravy. Both were good. I took two big boxes of food home. I read a review that said it was overpriced. I do not think so. Huge portions, good food, good and fast service, and a clean restaurant.Always worth the wait. Pricey but it's big portions and tastes good.love this place!!!My husband and I go there today for the first time and there wasn't a line. This was a Wednesday morning around 9:30 am. They greeted us at the door, handed us a menu, pointed out their specials and told us to enjoy. We ordered at the counter, put a tip in the tip jar, got our coffee and found a table.It is a warm, friendly atmosphere where everyone eats the chicken/wings with their fingers.  I had the French Toast and my husband had the Waffles. Our intentions were to share with each other, but when we began to eat, we decided we would keep it all to ourselves. lolWe go to California once a year and visit another waffle and chicken place. They are nice too, but The Breakfast Klub is better. They have a special seasoning on their chicken. Oh so good.  So, we are going again tomorrow.There was so much chicken we had to take the rest home. Everyone was kind and helpful. Relaxed clothing and friendly place.Great food. Get there early to avoid long lines.A real Houston gem. Is there anything better than chicken and waffles? Definitely worth the wait! Everyone waiting there knows what it's about and is nice in line. The wings are seasoned so perfectly! I actually dream about coming to this place.closest place that siri looked up for me. the french toast were delicious but they made big mistakes with plain scrambled eggs and bacon. The bacon was chewy and resembled bacon strip treats for dogs and the scrambled eggs were just greasy yellow mush. $15? really, never again! I could of gone to J&B(Jack in the Box) for a promising breakfast, better quality, and better service. Kinna sad, yes I know. ***************One of the servers was being trained while serving my food. I felt awkward. Train employees on your own time and don't make me feel weird about it. Especially when you're micro managing is patronizing your co-worker/employee and the customer. I honestly wanted to say something to this lady who was being the biggest bitch. I'm not going to tell anyone how to run a business but I felt humiliated. Not just for myself but for the server who was being cordial and professional. ***************The catfish and grits were awesome.  We also had a muffin quartered, buttered and grilled, yum!I doubt this place needs another 5/5 stars but just wanted to do the formality. Best breakfast place in Houston.Don't let the line fool you, it goes fast! Excellent service by the friendliest staff started the day off just right. The salty catfish is a perfect combo with the creamy, thick grits - great coffee too! Only suggestions are to expand parking (but the hike is worth it) and to extend the hours.We waited an hour to eat here.  It was good food,but nothing spectacular.  I had pancakes and they were good.  The chocolate chip waffles were good too.  Would not waitan hour again to eat here though.Love this place. Grits are supreme, catfish is fabulous, strong coffee, relaxed atmosphere. The line moves fast.Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Great food, great coffee and very friendly staff.  My only complaint was the wait .  I loved the french toast, catfish and grits.I really enjoyed the Breakfast Klub. The potaoes are to die for. I added cheese on mines. I will try the chicken and waffles next time. I ordred fish and grits...so good!Yeeaaaaa...This place is seriously a little slice of heaven.  There aren't many southern home cooking in Houston, and this place fills the void...the entire void.  Whether you're new to fried chicken for breakfast, or a seasoned chicken and waffle fan...Breakfast Klub is AMAZING by anyone's standards.  The waffles and pancakes are uber rich and very heavy.  THE best fried chicken available.  Makes KFC look like mcdonalds chicken nuggets.  Every time I have been, the owner has come to our table to make sure everything is to our liking.  Ofcourse the only downside is that you can expect to wait 30 min-1.5 hrs in line outside if you get there more than 15 minutes after the doors open on the weekend.  Your best bet is going during the weekdays, when the wait is usually 15 minutes at most, or right as they open on weekends.I have been missing out on the Breakfast Klub! Now I see why the line is out the door! Service was on point. Order the chicken and waffles. Oh forgot I got a special pancake that is not on the menu but all I can tell you is that it was good. Have to show love to the Owner/ Frat brother (NUPE) and keep supporting this spot!What can I say about this place? Best breakfast ever! Pork chops, chicken, waffles ahhhh.. Puts a fat smile on my faceWell I lived in Austin and then I lived in Houston and now I live in Austin.  I have to say that this is one of my favorite places in town!  Not only is the food great, but the experience itself is very fun and relaxing.  It's a very down to earth and warm place.  I always get either the chicken and waffles or the catfish - both are amazing, but I think the chicken and waffles is a little better.Wings and Waffles, and Catfish and grits are absolutely amazing. The Koffee here is great too! the dining area is small but there's a high enough turn over that the wait is not too long. Either get there really early or a few hours after opening 1030-11 to avoid the crazy lines.Chicken and waffle is amazing!Love this place! So much better than Roscoes in Long Beach, CA.  Unfortunately the prices have gone up.  But the food and service is excellent.Houston staple. One of those places that you have to go if you're stopping through the city, family is in town or have a morning or afternoon to go. The food is great, traditional southern breakfasts can't beat that. I normally go early and I mean EARLY 7am early just so I can get in and get out without standing in the line. Going early allowed me to talk more with the workers and they all had a story which is interesting and really shows the home style character of The Breakfast Klub. However standing in line is part of the experience and it's not bad if you have to. Goes by quick and it's shaded during hot days. I only give 4 stars because of the limited hours which is a bit of a double edged sword. It helps with the hype because you can't get the food at anytime but people most people work during their business hours. Another reason for the 4 stars is I have never made it to lunch here. The food looks great in pictures and I assume it's good but I haven't had it due to the hours.  Overall a good experience and good slice of Houston.Ok let me say it's really a 3.5 star the food is a 4.5. Why did I give 3 it's just too pack and the line omg. But it moves fairly fast though but still, that's why. The staff are so friendly reminds me of my friends grandmother always in a good mood and calling everyone sugar and darling. It's really a comforting place I tried the fried chicken and waffles naturally and it was very good. Waffles was nice and fluffy with the warm syrup nice! But I'm sorry any where that has a line is just too much for me even though that is the only reason I tried it after driving by it for all these years and seeing the line. Great marketing though I know they never planed for that.Early Bird Catches the Worm! Not kidding. Line out the door always, but awesome friendly staff and gosh, (i said it!), there's just too much to love here. Waffles and Wings. Unlimited hot tea of many leaves... yum... fresh fruit.. nice decor... neighborhood people... always busy... always awesome.I tried this place for the first time this weekend.  Be prepared to wait in line, but it is worth it.  I got the wings and waffle.   The fried chicken was some of the best ever!  Don't miss out.I have heard great things about this place and since I was in town this weekend I decided to see what The Breakfast Klub is all about. We arrived around 10am on a Sunday morning and there was a line, but it moved fast. We told the host that this was our first time visiting and she was very friendly and explained the ordering process to us. Our food came out fast and everything was fresh. I ordered the pancakes and katfish. That is how it was spelled on the menu. The food was wonderful!!! I can't wait until my next visit.Tasty wings and waffles!  Hidden gem in Downtown.  Long wait line for sunday brunch for worth the wait.Awesome atmosphere and food. We were really impressed at the portions, staff and the tast of the food!FYI Long lines on saturday mornings but it was worth it. We found this on a whim and now everytime we do go Houston we eat here!Come early or you will be standing in a long line. The food here is awesome!! Good size portions. Chicken & waffles are soooo good. Tasty coffee too! You have to come here at least once to try it to see what all the fuss is about and you will know. =)The food is impressive (break away from the chicken and waffles and try the green eggs and ham or one of the daily specials - all kinds of yum) the staff is just impressively warm and good.  I have never had a less that good experience in this place.  Now if they could just figure out how to remove all of the fat and calories...The best grits I have had in a long time.  This is real southern breakfastIt's alright. Tried the chicken and waffles as well as the catfish and grits. It was just OK. The staff is very nice, but I don't think the food is worth the wait.Don't see the hype.  My waffle was soft.  Chicken was ok.  Nothing to brag about. Had better.  Customer service is great though.  But obviously other people like the food because it was a long line on a Wednesday midday.Others may try but there's nothing that can match their signature dishes! We love going & introducing friends to a unique memorable delish experience!!! Worth the trip & the wait! Owner & his staff give friendly gracious fun service! We take home the Klub's seasoning to tide us over until our next visit!I have tried it twice and i still do not understand what the big fuss is about. They are pricey too.Great wings and wafflesI've tried almost everything here.  I love almost everything here, EXCEPT the biscuits.  They're dry and lack any flavor.  Not the fluffy, yeasty, buttermilk biscuits I'm used to.  The coffee is strong and smooth, but make sure to tell them to go light on the syrup or they'll give you a cup of liquid diabetes.  The "klub" is probably one of the best sandwhiches I've ever had!Service was literally out of the door. People hungrily waited to be seated. The lunch rush was insane. The food was well worth waiting for. I had the fish and grits.Best chicken and waffles joint in America!Very good food, OMGoodness and they give you huge portions. Nice atmosphere too. The parking isn't so great, but the food is worth it.The first time I have ever tried fried chicken and waffle and I was really satisfied.  I didn't feel good the rest of the day, which is not a knock on the food.  Its a little pricey, but the chicken was pretty good quality and the waffles were superb.1 Visit - line 1* grits 4* noise 2* hype 1* service 3* boredom waiting for my OK food 2*I absolutely love this place.  There is almost always a line, unfortunately.  However, this is the best darn breakfast food in Houston!  Chicken and Waffles = greatness!Best wings and waffles hands downBest breakfast in Houston!  Get there early on Sunday when they open and you won't wait in line very long however, if you get their later it's totally worth the wait!My boyfriend and I heard about this place from some friends. We recently moved to Houston and love trying unique places. We went on Saturday morning, and at first the line was a little intimidating. There was a station set up with ice water and music playing, so it made the wait pass fairly quickly. Once inside, we were greeted by employees who were friendly and seemed happy to be there. The ambiance of the place was great! The owner came up to make sure everything was satisfactory, which is something you don't see very often anymore. We both ordered wings and waffles. At first I was a little hesitant because fried chicken really isn't my thing. I was honestly blown away! The food was full of flavor and more than enough for anyone. We WILL be back! Can't wait to bring our friends and family when they come to visit!!!You can't go wrong with chicken and waffles - the last time I had some this good was at Roscoe's in Inglewood.  It's like their chicken has a little bit of crack sprinkled on top.  You should come expecting a wait but it's worth it!My wife and I love this place.  Great food, great service, and great atmosphere.  The wings & waffle is our favorite.  Have yet to try anything else as I love this dish so much.  Coffee is great as well with a decent self-service selection.  Don't let long line fool you, it normally moves pretty quickly.  We were there on a hot day recently and they had water available for everyone waiting as well.  If Marcus, the owner, is there he will normally go by each table to see how everyone is doing which gives it more of a personal feel.  Still our favorite breakfast and brunch place in Houston.Next time we go back to Houston this is a place we must revisit! I had fish and grits...yum!! The grits were great and the fish was fresh and seasoned perfectly. My husband had chicken and waffles at my request so I could try the famous dish. It was an interesting and delicious combo but I couldn't eat a whole plate of that. I'm glad he got it and not me. He had cheese eggs which I passed on the cheese with mine but it was extra tasty and ended up eating off of his plate. Let me say it was raining but the line was still wrapped around in front under canopies. I'm not complaining though..it was about a 40 minute wait but I would wait that long to be seated at another restaurant during their peak hours as well. If it's good..you will wait.Don't be discouraged by the lines. The food is worth the wait.Greeted with a smile by everyone in the place. Great breakfast food, great selection of coffees and organic teas. You will find classic breakfast foods and southern favorites from fish-n-grits to wings-n-waffles. A cozy feel. Definitely an instant favorite! You must try:)I ordered the Wings and Waffle to go once. The ladies who work at the cash register are really friendly...food tasted awesome! The neighborhood is a bit shady though...Stood in line at 730 am on a winter morning while visiting Houston.We had done our homework and knew the early bird gets a fresh worm! Heated lanterns and music kept us company along with the locals chatter and excitement. The doors opened and the staff started into a musical number welcoming us,cashier advised how to get your utensils and drinks. We ordered the signature fr.chicken and Waffles..yum yum case closed..we will be back!! Nicest people I had met in the entire town!!I liked the fried chicken and waffles. I'm giving it 5 stars because I was a *shake and bake* distance away from Devin the Dude.It's good but it's just your normal waffles and fried chicken. I'd come back if the lines are shorter.food is excellent! lines are crazy long so get there early! Catfish and grits are some of the best in town!The best grits in Houston--none better, the real deal.  This is the one place where you can order eggs over easy or soft scrambled and have them actually come the way you want.  Love the food, good vibes and the people.They are also very accommodating to vegetarians, making the green eggs and ham without the meat--no problem--and allowing one to have potatoes and grits together!  YUM.  It's easy to put together a nice breakfast ala carte and save yourself some bucks.Down home cooking--just like Daddy used to make.  This place always, always feels like home with everyone smiling and feeling good.  Like a neighborhood breakfast place for the entire city of Houston.Unbelievable food and southern hospitality!  Never had a better breakfast!This is by far my favorite breakfast place in town. I bring my out of town guests here whenever I can and always recommend it to friends. The wings are outstanding, and I hated grits before I had them here. I'm sure the rest of the menu is great but I stick to the Wings and waffles or french toast, or wings and grits. The staff is always friendly, and someone will always come by your table and ask how everything is. There is usually a line but it moves quickly, and there is ice water or coffee available in the line depending on the weather. Get there early if you don't want to wait a bit.My husband and I visited the Breakfast Klub for brunch with friends while visiting Houston. We absolutely LOVED it and can't stop talking about it! While there was a lengthy line, it was well worth the wait. The staff went above and beyond to make sure we were well taken care of and enjoying our food! I have never come across such nice people working in a restaurant! They certainly made us feel at home! I highly recommend the catfish and grits!The Fried Chicken is amazing!!The absolute best wings & waffles I've had. Service is fast, and the woman directing the line is always a pleasure.Damn good food!  Gets packed and there will be a line out the door so get there early!Pricey, but catfish and grits, wings and waffles are amazingBEST BREAKFAST EVER! Yes, the line is crazy long, but it is totally worth the wait. Everything is great here! The coffee, the food, and the service. Even the little lady out front who hands out menus, she is the sweetest thing ever.  Great place!We came here because of others reviews. We were very happy with everything. The line is long but moves fairly fast. The food was unique and fantastic. The only reason that I don't give 5 stars is because there is a huge need for tis restaurant to modify their seating and atmosphere.Love this place!!! Great service, great food!!! Worth every penny!Simply amazing! Except for the line, but worth the wait...best chicken and waffles. soo good but so unhealthyGreat chicken great waffles. The fish and grits were delicious too. Line can be long at times but that is to be expectedI've been going to the Breakfast Klub for a few years now.  I've put up with having to be there before 8am to avoid the longest lines, but the new price increases are just too much. It shouldn't cost $40 for two people to have breakfast. Every single menu item has gone up by around 20%. It's now $15 to get wings and waffles. It's $7 for a side of bacon or a side salad. $4 for iced tea. Yes, the food is good, but I'm basically not going at all anymore unless I have one of the daily deal specials to even out the new high prices.$16 for some W&W (wings and waffles)....WTF? is more like it...first you got to wait in this Houston heat and then pay some Hilton Hotel room service price JUST for some chicken and sweet bread....Not gonna lie, it is very good.  I once didn't believe in chicken and waffles but I have been saved...but to pay that much...Good Lord!SPOILER ALERT...go to Macy's and buy one of those fancy Belgium waffle makers (usually around $20 around the holidays) and find you a Timmy Chan's who sells wings...and VOILA...chicken and waffles......TRY IT, BELIEVE ME, YOU WON'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE...feed you whole family for less than $10 each time...and you won't have to stand in line...and if you are real lucky, your husband will make you this breakfast in bedFIRST of all I am shocked to know that I have NOT wrote a review on this place, what happened? NEWS FLASH!!!! Restaurant owners and managers in my area - Do not get it twisted!!! We are used to driving to the opposite side of town for we want and will continue to do it for quality food and great customer service. We have been driving from Katy to mid-town for years to experience the breakfast Klub. Each time we have visited, the food has been excellent. Please don't start me on the fish and grits!!!! They give a nice size fish fillet that is seasoned very well. The fried chicken wings- the same story!!!! The owners are great people. They actually recognize and acknowledge frequent patrons. The variety of people that come to this place really tells a story about the level of customer service and quality. Do not be intimidated by the line. It moves fast and once you order your food it's usually hitting your table within 5-10 mins. For goodness sake, stand in the line and people watch, like I do...lolFantastic!!!!!!!Belee dat! This place does live up to the hype. You know it must be good if there's always a long line wrapped around the corner. I love the sense of community, awesome service and most importantly the good food. The line on the weekends is always long but will move quick. They have a nice efficient system going on to handle it. When we got in line we were immediately greeted and asked if this was our first time. It was my boyfriends first, my second. We were handed menus and the friendly employee explained the ordering process. You order and pay at the counter, are given a number, then someone helps you find your seat. They also explain where all the drinks and condiments are located. They have various blends of coffee to choose from, starting with decaf on the left then it gets stronger as you move towards the right. On my first trip i was incredibly underwhelmed by the food. My mistake was ordering something safe - a standard breakfast plate of eggs, bacon, and toast. This time I went with one of their signature dishes, the wings and waffles, only I substituted (at no extra cost) the waffle for some french toast. This is a winning combination! I don't know where I've ever had better fried chicken in my entire life. It had a perfect seasoning, and was crispy and juicy but not at all greasy. The french toast was crispy and fluffy in all the right places and was so delicious. The owner came around to check on everyone. I always appreciate this kind of attention and I know it's a regular thing for him to do because i see him doing it at Reggae Hut as well. You can tell there are a lot of regulars. When it comes to breakfast joints, this place is a must in Houston. Try this place out and do not be dismayed by the long lines!the food was good just not worth a long  wait...The line was definitely long but it was so worth it. The food (fish and grits) and White Mocha were amazing, the staff was very courteous and personable and the owner even came and personally thanked every table for dining with them. Great experience.Line is always longThe line is always long, so expect to wait at least 30 minutes to eat. The service is great. The food is good, you probably won't find anything like it around, so I think they charge a bit more for it (14.99 for waffle & wings or katfish & grits). The atmosphere is casual and friendly. Overall a good place to go for the experience.To me, the breakfast klub was all hype. Yes, there was that line that took an hour at 9 on a Saturday, and the owner and employees did come around to ensure we were doing okay, had seen a menu, had taken advantage of the free coffee, etc. My dining companions ordered the waffle and wings (brilliant) and the fried pork chop (moderate). As an Eggs Benedict junkie, that's what I ordered. HUGE mistake. The hollandaise was more like a lemon flavored gravy, and the whole plate was smothered (not dusted)- literally doused- in a thick red layer of smoked paprika. I couldn't really eat a bite without gagging. The concept was good - a biscuit for the the English muffin, and then layered with bacon, ham, and turkey, but in addition to the nasty hollandaise and the gross paprika red sheen, I suffered through under cooked poached eggs. I literally took one bite before I shoved it away and then grazed off my friends' plates. Should I ever have nothing better to do, there's a slim chance I'd return. If I do, I would definitely try the chicken and waffle. Til then, my choice is Lankford's - 5 minutes away, half the price, and a whole lot tastier.kalling all katfish lovers: kome on down to the korner of travis and alabama; you kan't beat their katfish! keen on grits? kan do! waffles? koming right up! daily specials? how 'bout katfish n' etoufee! krazy to serve breakfast 'til 2PM? i don't think so, 'kause this place is so much more than just ordinary breakfast. keep it in mind every morning, 'kause the klub gets the krown!man, this place rocks.  great food, you can get fried chicken AND Waffles....for Breakfast!!!!!!!!Tried for first time, mostly based on reviews at this site.  I agree that all of the people we came in contact with were very nice - - the homeless guy out front didn't speak to us, so can't  comment on him. Not sure if it was because of over-cast day, but this place is very dark and just plain dingy,  Parking is terrible - - though I guess you can use the lot at their store across the street. As far as the food goes, I felt like I had to try the Wings and Waffle.  Waffle was very bland, and chicken coating had a very odd taste to it - - though crispy, and meat was juicy.  I have had much better on both fronts   Dining partner had breakfast special, and potatoes and bacon were good.  I suspect the glowing reviews are swayed by recent condo buyers in the area that may not have much experience with this type of food - - but over-stating the merits somehow validates their choice to live in that part of town.  Good but not great.  Note, they no longer have soft drinks.I love the idea of this place. I really wanted this place to blow me out of the water but it was just okay for me. It was a bit overpriced for what they were serving but I guess they can do that since there's not that many places in Houston that serve this kind of food in such a unique ambiance. I ordered the catfish and grits and it was pretty good. Nothing unique though. The fish was crispy and the grits were well cooked but way too much butter. After I finished my meal I felt like I gained 10lbs. I felt like everything was a bit too greasy (even my bf's plate, and he didn't like the breakfast sausage at all!). I can understand why people love the food here, anything that has an extra serving of butter is going to taste great. I went around 11ish on a weekday and there was no wait time so that was good. Would I come back? Probably, just to try something else on the menu. Warning: If you're on a diet, don't even think about stepping foot in here. The smell of the fried food and butter is enough for you to gain a few. Paula Dean would be very proud of this restaurant.I LOVE THE BREAKFAST KLUB! Unfortunately, it is not something you can eat everyday, unless you want to have a heartattack. It was my moms first time and my 3rd time coming here. I always come with another person so we can split the chicken and waffles and catfish and grits. Honestly, you an share just one of those dishes with 2 people, but this time my mom and i got THREE dishes. We ordered the usual chicken and waffles, catfish and grits, AND Biscuits and Sausage Gravy! We took half of everything home. This was the first time I had the biscuits and sausage gravy and they were absolutely delish! THe biscuits there are always buttery and moist and the sausage gravy was nice and thick with bits of sausage. My mom had one complaint "Everything is a little too salty" and I agree with her. Everything could use a little less salt in my opinion. Chicken and Waffles is always good and the Catfish and Grits are my absolute favorite. I also love that they put coverings on the outside and jugs with water for everyone waiting in line. They didn't have that the first time I went there. Also, there is one lady that works the outside line that I have seen EVERYTIME and she is as sweet as can be. She is funny and keeps everyone in line entertained and happy. Give her a raise Marcus! Give her a raise! (I wish knew her name)Great customer service and good food. Very efficient operation.AMAZING. My bf and I were randomly awake at 6am on a saturday so we decided we would finally go eat at the breakfast klub and brave the line. We got ready fast and got there before 7 since it is right near my house. We waited i the car for a few minutes to see if anyone else was there or was already standing in line. We got out and followed the guy that parked next to us over to the sign that says the line starts here. Since it doesnt open until 8, we were third in line. During the hour wait before it opened, there were plenty of things to keep your attention. The other places nearby were opening and a farmers market was getting set up. Then, a woman who works for breakfast klub comes out, when it is closer to opening time, and talks to you about your day and discusses the best stuff on the menu and what she recommends based on your hunger and tastes. She was super friendly and joked around with us too. The moment the doors opened, we were greeted with all the employees clapping and yelling welcome. I have never felt so appreciated to be somewhere. It was quite an experience. If i wasn't awake when I got there, I surely was after that! You walk in, place your order with a cashier, get your drinks, and then take a seat. Like all the other reveiws, the food is awesome. The grits are out of this world!  Portions are huge no matter what so just get your stomach ready! The food came out quickly and lived up to all of my expectations. The place fills up fast and by the time we got out of the door, the line was wrapped around the building. Hopefully, I will be up randomly on a saturday at 6 again soon so I can go to Breakfast Klub.This place is fantastic! If people are lined up outside on a Sunday morning then there had to be something special to be had inside. I loved the service and care even when you are outside....a simple gesture of COLD water and a polite woman dispersing menus was very thoughtful.  Once inside our orders were taken immediately...I was thinking chicken and waffles were the oddest combination in the entire world but felt prompted to take the plunge and was VERY pleased with the outcome. I have a fantastic waffle iron at home and thought my wife had mastered the ideal waffle but this was light, fluffy, and possesed just the correct amount of crispiness. The chicken wings were flavorful and the coffee was something to behold. IF you are tempted by the white raspberry mocha consider bringing your insulin needle along for the ride....good for 2 or maybe 3 sips but extremely too rich. Inside it was bustling but not chaotic; not too loud (probably b/c everyone's stuffing their face). I appreciated the fine art that adorned the walls. Very polite staff again...the owner actually came by each table to greet patrons while people were concluding their meal. Awesome...just FYI, I wouldn't arrive like you just rolled out of bed; the place has class; remember you don't drive to midtown for breakfast on a weekend not just to eat but to be see or to be seen.one of the best breakfast places i've been to in houston, the waffles and chicken combo is amazing. it's not the healthiest meal, but it sure feels good while you're eating it. bummer that they are not open on sunday.So being that I am a southern girl growing up in Texas and Louisiana, I definitely love my southern comfort food. Unfortunately, I have never had chicken and waffles... and to be honest, I never knew if that sort of thing was really something I would like. WHAT THE HELL WAS I THINKING! Seriously, how can chicken... and waffles EVER be a bad thing! My boyfriend and I [on a whim] decided to go to The Breakfast Klub and "check it out." Thanks be to God that we were early [because we weren't sure when they opened] and were about 10th in the line that was already forming at the door! About 15 minutes after they opened we had ordered the classic chicken and waffles and were already sipping on our juice... 2 minutes later the food was there, unbelievable!  I just have to say that they have this thing down to a science! The food is some of the best I have ever had, the spirit of the staff and customers is just so exciting and contagious, and the sweet sweet owner thanked us on the way out... now how's that for some good ol' southern hospitality :]This was the perfect little breakfast spot before heading to the airport back to Philly. Breakfast has always been my favorite meal of the day, and this place did not disappoint! I went on a Monday morning around 10am. There was a line, but we were able to place our orders within 10 minutes. They have a pretty unconventional method of food service, but I didn't mind it. You basically wait in line, order at the register, take a number, collect your utensils/drinks/condiments, then go back to your table and wait. We only waited about 10 minutes for our food. I ordered the french toast with a side of sausage. The french toast was made with Texas toast (obviously) and had a perfectly crisp outside with a soft inside. The pre-heated syrup was the perfect touch. While my sausage was on the sweeter side because some powdered sugar was topped onto it, they were still a hit with my boyfriend. They are made at the restaurant and are loaded with some sort of herb. I didn't particularly care for it, but he seemed to enjoy it. All in all, I would recommend this to anybody looking for a delicious little breakfast spot. They are on the pricier side, but I wouldn't let that deter you from at least giving them a shot.I hate to burst everyone's bubble, but this place is waaaaaay overated.  And the majority of this hype mostly for decent, but not  very good, fried chicken & waffles, and fried catfish and grits? If you're one of those people who has made this your favoritie to spot to enjoy breakfast because you don't know of any other places,  you're a fan of all the hype, that they spell words beginning with "c" with a "k" instead, the colorful plates, artwork on the walls, and whatever magic they use in keeping people coming to this place, well fine.  But it's really irresponsible to give them five stars, as is the food is pure perfection.  Um, no!  The food is inconsistent; sometimes it's fairly rich and tasty,  while other times I've had greasy, salty, unspectacular, obviously under-a-heat-lamp meals.   The eggs were borderline bad.  For some reason, they have a daily lunch special, which apparently no one raves about and you won't see anybody ordering it.  The superb texture and seasonings one would expect in good breakfast food in my two visits just wasn't there.  Plus, they are quite overpriced.  For instance, my wife and I ordered a veggie omelete platter with sausage, cat fish and grits, and one drink (orange juice).  $31.00 was the damage.  Ridiculous!  $2.79 bottled orange juce--GTFOH!   And with a line that wraps around the building at peak times, which equates to a 30-60 MINUTE WAIT, the whole experience is a quite underwhelming.  The service in taking and delivering your food is prompt and efficient, for the most part.  However, they really could and add table service to accomodate the abundant amount of customers--which one would expect at these prices--but they choose not to.  I would only recommend going if there is virtually no line, you want a quick bite to eat, and you don't mind overpaying for "okay" food.Im a big fan of the series Girlfriends.  If you have ever watched the show you might recall that Mya always talks about having chicken and waffles with Darnell at Roscoe's.  Every time she would mention it  I thought what an odd combination.  So when I heard that the Breakfast Klub served this,  I knew I had to go try it.  So I decided to go during the week since I had heard it is virtually impossible to get a seat on the weekend.  I was wrong! I showed up on a tuesday at 10am and the line was around the building.  2O minutes late I was at the front of the line and even though I had gone to eat the chicken and waffles I saw the katfish and grits on another patrons plate so I had to order that instead!  It was sooooooo delicious, one of the most fullfilling meals Ive had in a looong time. It was also the first time I had ever tasted grits!!! My bf also ordered the french toast and i mixed it with my catfish and it was sooo delicious, I can only imagine how good the chicken and waffles will be.....and I will try them no doubt about it, I will be back!This place was just OK.  I visited Houston from Atlanta over the Thanksgiving Holiday and was told that I absolutely HAD to try this place.  I'm sorry, but there's nothing about this place that justifies the long lines and the hour wait.  I don't see what the fuss is about and all the four and five star reviews are real head scratchers.  The chicken and waffles were the only thing that was passable, IMO.  The catfish was WAY too salty as was the bacon.  Biscuits and gravy are just about one of most favorite things on this earth and what they're passing off as biscuits and gravy is just CRIMINAL!!!  Like paste with chopped sausage links scattered through it.  Thinking back to that dish almost made me give this place one star.  I was born and raised in the south and even by southern standards the sweet tea and lemonade in this place was entirely too sweet, like the tea and lemons were just an afterthought.  The others at my table seemed enjoy their meals for the most part, so two stars seems about right to me.Did not know what to expect when somebody told me this is where we were going to breakfast. We went early on a Thursday so it was not overly crowded yet. We were greeted at the door and handed menus. They were helpful at the counter with ordering and explaining everything. They give you huge cups for coffee and there are several different strengths to choose from. The chicken and waffles was great with perfectly done chicken wings. The blt was also very good as well as the eggs. All in all very enjoyable and worth the visit.love this place! if u dont like the breakfast klub u are very abnormal lol. regardless of when u get there u have to wait in a line outside but it goes down very fast. usually by the time i sit down they are bringing out my food (which is amazing regardless of what u order)overpriced, food is pretty but come for the experience if you visit HoustonHappy ending! Friend and I went on a Saturday around noon. Waited about an hour on a pretty hot day. Water, coffee,menu and friendly staff outside with us. I don't agree that the line moves fast. An hour is a long time to stand. Placed our order(french toast, chicken n waffles) and got seated at a itty bitty table so close together if you back up you'll hit the person behind you. My poor friend is 6'5 but he laughed it off. So after about 15 minutes of sitting. I've heard that the food comes about as soon as you sit down.. no food., Well figure it's busy, we're talking.no prob. After about half hour I get up to ask where the food was. Several folks behind us had eaten and left. Someone said they would look into it. About 5 minutes later, my friends food comes, another 5 mine comes out. So I was sighing getting ready to take a star away. Then the manager comes over and gives a refund for our meal with apologies. Nicely done.. And even on our way out gave us a gift card to return for breakfast. Great job! Food was great. 5 stars all the wayWe heard about The Breakfast Klub on the radio and it sounded great.  We just happened to be staying in a hotel downtown last night and when looking for somewhere to eat breakfast this morning this place was listed as being nearby.  The line was around the corner of the building when we arrived about 30 minutes after they opened and the hostess said about 30 people were waiting when the doors opened.  However, we made it in and were seated and eating within 20 minutes so the wait was not that bad at all.  After eating there I can totally see why people were lined up before the doors opened.  The food was wonderful.  The hostess, who was amazing,  took our order when we were lined up outside; so when we got in all we had to do was turn our ticket in and pay.  We were then quickly seated and had out food brought out in about 5 minutes.  I ordered the Breakfast Special with a biscuit, eggs, bacon, and grits.  Their grits are awesome!  My wife ordered the Biscuits & Gravy with a side of eggs and she shared my opinion of the food.  The prices aren't bad considering the amount and quality of the food you get.  The service here is incredible from the moment you arrive.  This is definitely a place we will visit again!Okay, Breakfast Klub has a great atmosphere. You can come in eat your food and chill out for however long you like (if you come on a weekday). I did come on a weekday and the service was absolutely amazing. Its like you walked into a family member's kitchen. Everyone was nice and helpful. This was my first time going and the menu although extensive was a little overwhelming. After going back and forth on the chicken and waffles and the waffle plate, I decided to have the waffle plate since I had never had the chicken and waffle combo before. The waffle itself was really good. Couple that with the homemade warm syrup and we've got ourselves a winner!!!! The reason I give the Breakfast Klub only 3 stars is cause the sausage and eggs that came with the meal were not so good. As a matter of fact, the scrambled eggs I got were runny and the sausage just tasted burnt to be honest. Will I go back? Year absolutely I will, I'll just stay away from the eggs and sausage the second time around!FORTY-FIVE MINUTE WAIT to ORDER.  Not to eat...TO ORDER!  Plenty of open tables but just ONE cashier to take orders AND collect money.  One lady strollin around, handing out menus and 'conversatin' on her cellphone.  GIVE HER AN iPAD so she can send the orders to the kitchen!  After all this, food was a real let-down, not worth the aggravation (or the price). Better choices are nearby. Next time I see a line out the door, I'm driving elsewhere.Everything was great from the food to the friendly staff. One of Houston's best...Good breakfast is easy to find in Houston but this place is a must-visit, especially for out-of-towners who want a real breakfast experience. I went with my colleagues who ventured for the famous waffles and wings. I myself went for a classic american fare with eggs and bacon. Being a coffee lover, I appreciated the fact that their coffee options are lined up by strength. If you don't have any patience for lines, visit on a weekday.I need the 4.5 star marker again. All that was missing was the mimosas, or the bloody mary or even a pint of guiness. I went for the French Toast and it was amazing, so good I ate all 4 pieces and regretted it for a few hours. The eggs were good but not 100% to my taste, the sausage patties were hand made and tasted good. My friend was so overwhelmed with the waffles and chicken she had to rush to the bathroom. My other dining pal was more like me, it was really good well done food. The thing that annoyed me most occurred before i picked up my fork, We parked easily a block down, got tapped for a few bucks to get the parking attendent breakfast (I know right, you would think they would feed him) then joined an ever growing queue to get it. This used to go on at my all time favourite of all time breakfast joint in Denver, eventually I didn't go unless it was Wednesday at 10am. So you turn the corner to approach the entrance and see 3 empty tables outside, then slip through the door to see 7 more empty tables and wonder how they could move the line a bit quicker?i mean what can you say you cant ever go wrong with anything on the menu...i always just stick with my chicken and waffles and taste test everyone elses choices..but amazing place...now of course you wish you could seat big parties together..and of course you can wish for shorter wait time...but with what they are working with...they are WELL worth the wait...i would highly recommend anyone who is a naysayer bc of the long lines...to just try it once...it is AHHHHmazing!went here on a thursday morning for brunch. the line was going out the door, but the staff kept the line going quickly by handing out menus guiding first-timers.  the cashiers were very friendly and showed some true southern hospitality.  we ordered eggs benedict and wings and waffles.  the eggs benedict came with 2 eggs on top of ham and 2 tasty buttered english muffins.  the wings and waffles came with a whole waffle and 3 wing drumsticks and 3 wings.  the wings were fried just right and were delicious!  i recommend going here on a odd hour and avoid the weekend rush as im sure this place is alot more crowded on weekends for brunch!  this is the placeto goto in houston for southern fried chicken and brunch food!im not giving the klub 1 star for the food, actually the chicken is o holy lord GooD!! the waffle, the same praise. service: awsome,. the thing that left a bad taste in my mouth is the unforgivable prices. its straight up high way robbery. its like ball park  insane prices. its like hurricane time gas station $4 a cup of ice BaD! and its out of line for them to do it, being a local spot and all. I mean  BOTTLE WATER for $ 3.75?? like whats your purpose here?  its like you are intentionally trying to hurt people's wallets!! stop it!!!I've been to this place about 20 times over the past 4 years. It is every bit as fantastic as you've heard. They are easily the best breakfast in Houston; probably the best breakfast for hundreds of miles. The staff is incredibly cheerful and helpful; they sometimes recognize me as someone who orders two complete breakfasts, so I get 12 wings. It's so tasty! I started ordering two because they have the best pancackes, the best waffles, and the best french toast in Houston, and I have a really hard time deciding which to order. Since thay also have the best fried chicken I've ever had, getting two helpings isn't a bad thing either. Do I wish the line was shorter? Sometimes, but socializing in line's not a bad thing; there's the farmer's market to visit and that sort of thing. All in all, a great experience and I'm really glad they're there.I feel like I am going to get hurt for saying this but this place is mediocre. I understand it is known for its' tea and chicken and waffles, but the rest of their food isn't that great. I think this place is way over hyped and not worth the money. I was really underwhelmed by the place. I was there early to wait in line at this supposedly great breakfast place and what I got is edible food from a better version of a diner place. When my friends and i were there, the food runner was trying to hit on us and try to check our ID to see if we are really at that age. The place was really packed and all he was trying to do is get our numbers which is really unprofessional. I don't think I will be coming back for salty bacon, bland scrambled eggs, and nasty tea.  The only thing good about this place is their waffle because it is really fluffy. Thank gosh they got that down. If you would like to boast your self-esteem or ego then you should wait in line to do so. I don't recommend you guys eating because you can save your time and make it home or better off going to IHOP.Love this place. Yes the line is long, and yes you will probably waste the rest of your day because you will be too full to move. But OMG. The wings and waffles (or french toast, or whatever) are amazing. The best I've ever, ever had anywhere. The grits are amazing too - they have so much butter it's ridiculous but they are well worth it. I limited myself to going once every 6 months or so because it was way not healthy, but I miss this place like crazy!chicken and waffles! yum!Woooo, it's all about that katfish and grits baby!!!!! Yummy in my tummy. The fish is quite salty but hey, if that consists of my total sodium intake for the day I can live with that. The eggs, bacon and grits downed with my sweet tea were just delish. Did I mention the GRITS?! Mmm. This place got a star off for four little things: there didn't seem to be that much room once I got inside - heck, any room, and parking is literally across the street in sand and gravel, and that $5.05 waffle I paid for to get added to my order was subpar to me. It wasn't crisp, not even the edges, it was kind of soft. Same issue with the toast. Eh. Now I went there on a Sunday at 10... I was thinking, people are at church you know, MAYBE  that would keep the lines at bay? Lol so wrong. I stood in line, but once you place the order it's pretty much fast. I took mine to go so no stress in waiting to be seated. I'm back at school now, writing this review at 2am. I CLEARLY need some BK in my life :(I got the katfish & grits.  Katfish was great, but the grits were too oily.  Nonetheless, I really enjoyed the food.  Service was warm and wonderful.  I don't like to wait in line, so of course, I would hestitate in coming here again if the line was too lone.really good chicken and waffles but super greasy so be prepared for some oil to drip down your hands!The staff was really friendly. the line was extremely long but that was fine, i was in no hurry. i wanted to experience this goodness. my girlfriend and i ordered the chicken and waffles. very tasty. seasoned just right. nice atmosphere. no complaints here. i would definitely go back!Oh mighty grease, how I worship you.  Hubby got the catfish and grits, but complained that it was just too much grease.  I got your basic run of the mill breakfast eggs, bacon fried potatoes and  thought it was pretty good.  The biscuits left something to be desired, but you can't have everything.  Will go back after I have ran 15 miles to try the breakfast sandwiches.  They looked delicious.Even with all the recent fame, the food is still as good as ever..  Had the Kat Fish yesterday and still tastey.  Very busy yesterday but the line moved quickly.after hearing about this place for breakfast/brunch since i first moved here last summer, i finally decided to give it a shot. we planned to go during the week around 10am so that the line wont be as ridiculously long like we have seen on the weekends. our wait in line was maybe about 15 mins or so & we perused the menu while we waited. there's really nothing i can add to reviews of TBK that haven't already been said. my honest opinion? this place is over-hyped & it's kind of annoying. i ordered the catfish & grits. it was a HUGE plate w/ 2 HUGE catfish fillets that were seasoned to my liking since i love salt. if you aren't big on salt, the taste may be overwhelming. the grits were decent enough, too. i had a side of sausage that was a bit of a cajun zing to it. spicy sausage is what's up. we finished our meal & left feeling a bit too full & somewhat dissatisfied. for $15/plate & having to wait in a line, i definitely am not going to rush to come back here. i think it's definitely a place to try once, but that's about it. moving on...wowwwww!!! seriuosly the best wings i've everrrr had!!!! i usually hate mixing salty and sweet foods but their wings and waffles are pretty amazing..... pretty much the reason theres always a line wrapped around the building to get in. I went with a couple friends on a Friday morning.... yup still a line..... it looks pretty intimidating but it actually moved decently fast. Literally right after i ordered and went to get water, my food was ready. I thought they had made a mistake and were trying to bring someone else's order to me.... but nope they really were mine. I cant even explain how good these wings are. They're juicy and the breading is too much but still crispy and it coats your lips with grease.... just how i like it! i usually like to add hot sauce on my wings but i think they marinate their wings with some kind of hot sauce in it bc the wings already have a slightly spicy flavor. i'm not someone who is in love with sweets so to me the waffle was good but it was definitely the wings that made me love the dish!in my opinion, this place did not live up to its hype... after waiting in a long line that went out the door, we ordered the waffles & chicken, along with a "soul pasta" special. the pasta was very heavy and had an overwhelming amount of spices on it. the waffles & chicken were just waffles & chicken. nothing special about either one.Get here early!  This place packs quickly.  There was a long line snaking around the building by the time that we arrived around 10.  Fortunately, tents were set up above the line and plenty of water was on hand--a necessity in Houston.  We made it inside.  I had catfish and grits and tried some of my friend's chicken and waffles.  The chicken was un poquito picante but not too hot, and flavorful.  It hit the spot when combined with waffles and syrup.  The catfish was well-cooked, and the grits were tasty!  The owner (nice guy) came around to ensure everyone was having a good time.had the chicken and waffles, chicken tasted a little off but was very crunchy. the line seems long but service is fast and efficient. i would go back again.Great food. Friendly staff. I really enjoy the wings and waffles. Get here early and avoid the long lines though.i def would go back to this place. we got lucky that the line wasn't long at all. i was in houston with my bf and 1st thing came to mind was the chicken and waffles. i wish they had this in dallas... i would def go every weekend if i could =)  the fried catfish and grits with some eggs was pretty amazing too!!!not up to the hype but still good. waffle is delicious but i find the wings way too salty, and I'm usually heavy handed with the salt! catfish was ok, batter was ok, a little greasy, slightly fishy, and the grits are ok too. nothing spectacular overall but im eager to try the pork chop next timeCame, eat, & conquered the meal that everyone has raved about-- Chicken & Waffles! The wait was ridiculously long, however, The Breakfast Klub certainly cares for their customers. They set up tents & water for their customers as they waited outside for a table in their scorching Houston heat+humidity. You order your food the minute you come inside & you can seat yourself. The service was extremely fast, as soon as we ordered our foods & sat down, the food came out within minutes. The waffle, was not as superb as what I had hoped it would be. It was a bit dry, a bit warm, BUT the chicken wings were exceptional! Yes, health fanatics, you would cringe after seeing the oil come from the chicken wings, but you get what you ordered. I would probably come back again, but for something else.really good, long lines, but worth itWow.  What a great place. We are from Edmond, Ok and after an early morning of tests at MD Anderson, my wife wanted breakfast and asked SIRI where to go and she said this place and what a GREAT suggestion.  We were greeted by the most awesome hostess and served the best breakfast  we have had while coming to Houston.wow wow.... thats all i can say. great food, great coffee, great service.there was a slight line when we got there but it moved surprisingly quick. our foursome must've beat the rush or were on the front end of it. the lady working the door was very nice and helpful. getting us whatever we needed and being overall very friendly and sociable. the food itself was great. my friend got chicken wings and waffles which were apparently delicious. i had the pork chops and eggs which was amazing as well. who knew that you can eat pork chops for lunch? and have a choice whether to have them deep fried or grilled? i was actually speechless when presented with the choice so the suggested one of each. spoiler though... go with deep fried if you get the pork chops. the coffee variety was pretty solid too. i believe they had 6 or so different coffees ranging from light to dark. as a big coffee drinker (not only to stay up at work, but also a huge fan of good tasting coffee), having multiple choices and having it be all-you-can-drink coffee was heaven. this should be a stop for anyone living in houston or making a trip to houston.i'm not sure i can think of a scenario  where you can justifiably eat as much food as they give you in a breakfast.  portions were just stupid big......n' tasty.  food was very good and the check out lady was very sweet.  i don't think i can stress this enough.  only go if you're willing to eat like a man.So yummy.  Definitely order the chicken and waffles.  Lines in the mornings on the weekends are usually insanely long, but The Breakfast Klub has a system to keep the orders going and so the lines move pretty fast.  Oh well, if anything it's evidence that this place is worth going to.Best breakfast in Houston. My personal favorite right now is the wings and waffle.This is my favorite place to eat in Houston.  The food is AMAZING and the service is excellent!!! I take all of my out of town visitors here! LOVE IT!!!delicious food, but standing in line outside to get in is the norm,  and feels pretty lame. for that reason alone, i don't think i'd return...unless it was with a group of people that really wanted to go.Great place where professional can meet and have good food and atmosphere. Love the Chicken.Good but not sure it's worth the waitYou can't get fried chicken anywhere better than this place. I love the chicken, grits and the sweet tea. The owner is particularly friendly and warm, he will go around table and hows everything is going. Great place and i love the artwork that is on the walls.Wow. I've never actually eaten chicken and waffles, and I'm glad my first time was at the Breakfast Klub. Great food, wonderful coffee, and super nice people. We're back for the second day in a row and will come back whenever we're up from Austin.Much has been said to praise The Breakfast Club. It's truly a great place -- any time of day. It's worth the wait in line. Used to go there even befor I had children, now that I have kids, I can say It's very family friendly. My children go to school with the owner's children. They are a great family, very friendly and very involved in the community. Overall, it's a great Houston restaurant.the only problem is the line but at the end it is worth the wait.get their early and be prepared for a line cause everyone in h-town wants a taste of this amazing southern breakfast with huge helpings you are sure to leave feeling full.Breakfast Klub is simply the bomb.com! Chicken and waffles are good, but the french toast is even better! Maybe the best French Toast I've ever had. This is probably my second favorite brunch place, in the US, and my favorite in Texas. Try to get there early to beat the line, but if you get stuck in line it usually moves at a good pace, and the food is worth the wait. The staff is also very friendly.one of the best, heartiest breakfasts i've had in my entire life.  delicious!  but don't make eating here a habit!!went on a weekday for brunch.  if you normally have a lite brunch, this place is not for you.  we had the green eggs & ham and the wings & waffles.  green eggs & ham were so so but didn't make us feel overstuffed. the wings & waffles are another thing.  the chicken is so perfectly fried and the waffle was both crisp and fluffy.  overall, good food if you haven't eaten for days.i tot this one gonna be the best breakfast place since they have long line every single day.nah, this is just ok.the wings was great, the waffle just ok, the french toast is just regural french toast. i told my texas friend not to come to this place on weekend. the line is not worth it at all.