Had a wonderful experience at Frontera! Didn't have a reservation so we arrived nice and early and had no trouble being seated in the dining room. Highlights were the trio of ceviche and the chocolate cake. Also had the chillies relleno - delicious. The food was, as you can expect, solid. But more enjoyable was the unassuming air in the bustling restaurant. Very relaxed. They have every right in the world to be snobs - and they are not. We met the utterly enchanting manager, Kyle who was kind enough to spend time at our table and tell us about their most recent Mexico trip. He is wonderful! Our server, Diego was also great! Awesome recommendations and he handled a crazy situation with grace (the people at the table next to us came there and only had 20 minutes for dinner. Who does that at Frontera?). Finally, solid cocktails. Jay is a pro - knowledgable and very fun to watch. Believe the hype. Can't wait to go again - I want to eat all the street foods!The host and server were both very nice. The margarita was alright but very, very small. Overall, I was unimpressed by the food. After hearing all the hype, I thought the portions were small on everything. I got the tacos and they were pretty average. I would have liked a unique flair to the dish. Best part about dinner: Rick Bayless ate next to our table on his break. I admire that he still has such a presence in the restaurant.Frontera Grill is the classic "middle child" of Rick Bayless' restaurants - overshadowed and overlooked. The best item on the menu is from Topolobampo. First, we ordered guacamole. It was okay, but nothing to write home about. More importantly, we were served cold and stale chips. I initially thought that the chips were just bad, but then we were given more and the second batch were warm and not stale. I guess our first batch was old. We then shared the mole enchiladas. They had a great flavor but were also cold. I ended with the Topolobampo chicken tortilla soup. Finally something on the menu was flavorful and up to par with what I expect from a Bayless restaurant. The restaurant is overlooked for two reasons: the ambience is uncomfortable and rushed, and the experience has an overall lower quality than either Xoco or Topolobampo. First, the ambience is so odd. The room is crowded and so loud that it's hard to hear anyone. Also, I have to admit that the experience is really undermined by the fact that you are sitting next door to two of the best restaurants in Chicago. (That's right, Topolobampo and Xoco are amazing. I highly recommend checking them out.) This brings me to my next point. If you've been to either Xoco or Topolobampo, then you've come to expect great things from Bayless (and justifiably so). Both of his other restaurants are all around wonderful. Unfortunately, Frontera just doesn't offer the same quality experience. As I mentioned above, barring the Topolobampo soup, the food isn't great. Furthermore, the ambience is not enjoyable. Being from Ann Arbor, Michigan, I'd rather go to Isalita over Frontera Grill. The takeaway: Frontera Grill feels like it's just been left to ride its reputation. If you want good Mexican food, check out Xoco or Topolobampo.- I like how they text you when your reservation is ready, so you can do your thing, and not have to wait around for an hour plus, doing nothing at the bartender- The 'hour and a half' wait was only 45 minsHad lunch at this restaurant and there was a line at the door before it opened.  I found it to be a nice location and a bit small.  I started out with a Margarita and chips with Guacamole.  I found the Guacamole to be good, but the Margarita was too salty for my taste.We liked the Guacamole, so we ordered seconds.  We asked for more chips but the waiter commented that we'd have to buy them, which we declined.  Considering the cost of the meal, skimping on chips is ridiculous.Then I had the CHICKEN in MOLE AMARILLO, which I found to be pretty unimpressive.  Not spicy or sweat, just a tomato based sauce with chicken and vegetables.  It came with a salad and some tortilla's to make taco's.  I think I made a few and then offered it to others as I was unimpressed.My wife had enchiladas and beans, which seemed better, and my daughter had taquito's, which were pretty good.  I just got the dud on the menu.Drink prices for these place are horrendous, I think we had 3 drinks for $35 dollars.  I've never seen that before.  Rip off.Desert was pretty good, we had the pie and empanadas, but the waiter should have warned us that the empanadas was small for sharing.Portions were a bit small, but that I expected, considering this appears to be more higher end.Price is a bit high for our meals, we were at $33/person for 7 people.Probably one of my all time favorite Mexican restaurants, and that's coming from a Mexican chick that hates fake Mexican food. A lot of mex food places just don't get Mexican food! It's irritating:  / This place had me asking for more. I loved it. We had the trio and steak tacos and all very delicious. Doesn't seem very kid friendly but we made it work. When I'm in Chicago again, I'll be here:)Dear Frontera,I just love you.  I'm so happy you are so close to me.  It makes me so pleased.I have been at Frontera for a lot of work lunches lately.  Every time I go I am reminded of how good fresh, seasonal mexican food can be.  Rick Bayless is the master of the mole, and they NEVER disappoint.  On my last trip, we had guacamole (YUM) and the tamale of the day which was a goat tamale (effing delicious and incredible).  I had the three mole trio for my lunch and it was incredible.  So filling and delicious.  I almost had to take a nap in my office afterwards.  Almost.Also of note:  Frontera has one of my favorite Margaritas in the city.  They are fresh and delicious and refreshing.  I almost feel bad writing this review because this place (1) is always so crowded anyway and (2) doesn't really need me to sing their praises.  But whatever.  It's a Chicago staple!  Go and enjoy.Frontera Grill can be summed up in one word: disappointing.  I live in LA and was really looking forward to eating lunch at Frontera Grill while visiting Chicago.  I went ahead and made a reservation to make sure I would be seated during the busy lunch time on a Friday.  Not only was my reservation not necessary, but when I walked to the front and mentioned I had one, I was told I would be seated quickly - and then I was promptly ignored.  It took a different host asking if I had been helped for me to get seated, and that was after several groups of walk-ins had been sat.On to the sub-par service.  Our server acted as though she had somewhere better to be, and that we were an inconvenience to her.  I don't need to be fawned over, but when she went to the table next to us 3 times before greeting us, I was starting to wonder why we even bothered.  My boyfriend actually had to ask for a food menu from a bus boy since our server failed to bring us one.Next, the bland food.  Rick Bayless should be ashamed to have his name attached to such boring, tasteless cuisine!  The guacamole we ordered tasted store bought - like something that would come in a big plastic container that you would have to mix with salsa to add flavor.  Eck!  I bet the Frontera pre-made guac-mix sold in-store is better!  Not to mention that it took waaaaaay too long to get to our table.As for the entrees, my boyfriend ordered the charcoaled chicken quesadilla.  Although the chicken was moist, the cheese inside was a slice that had been melted as opposed to shreds, the tortilla was unusually thick for a quesadilla, and it had no salsa or spice to make it taste interesting.  He described it as bland, underwhelming, and lacking of any flavor.I ordered the spring greens enchiladas "suizas".  Although not the absolute worst enchiladas I have ever had, they, too, were extremely underwhelming.  I've probably had more flavorful food from food at Sharkey's or Baja Fresh.  That's right - chain restaurants have more flavor than Frontera Grill.In addition, I had really been looking forward to the huevos rancheros which was listed on the menu for that period of time.  Unfortunately for me, that item is not made on week days.  Would have been nice if that had actually been listed on the menu....Although it may seem that I am one of those people that needs to have my food slathered in salt, spice, and sauce to taste good to me - think again.  I have been to many high-end Mexican and latin restaurants and have never had such disappointing food.All told, a complete waste of time and money and I would not recommend Frontera Grill to anyone.Saturday night 2hr wait for 2 you know it will be good!We went to the bar and fought for some chairs but it was worth not to wait 2 hours to eat. We ordered the ceviche trio and the Mexican street trio. The mango, tuna, avocado ceviche was AMAZING! Definitely a must have!The empanadas  and sopes that come in the Mexican trio are good.The drinks are really good too!We had a flan duo and it was super delicious! I am from Mexico and I must say this place portrays out traditional flavors but it's a bit overpriced. Anyway, it is worth it unless you can fly to Mexico for dinner.A long wait on a Tuesday night. Was a sign that something special was ahead. The guacamole was the best. Only Rosas Mexicans in New York is close. And great chips and salsa accompanied. Wife and I both had chicken - me with Pasilla sauce and wife fire chicken tacos. We both lived every bite!Great draft beers, cocktails (Jamaican sangria awesome). A winner!So I sent a third email and said I would go to the Better Business Bureau if I didn't get a response.  I get an email saying they didn't see my prior emails.  Right!Well, the response is gift cards are only for dine-in only.  They really don't know anything about customer service.  I will spread the word about this company and warn others to stay away.Quite Disappointing!My wife and I are huge Rick Bayless fans. Well we're fans of his TV show, his books, and his cooking philosophy.  However, his restaurant was very disappointing on our last visit.We've visited Frontera twice, once 5 years ago back when Rick was still cooking at the the restaurant and again last week during the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago. I'm not sure if Rick still cooks at the restaurant or not, but we were not impressed.Here's a summary of our experience:RESERVATION:We had a reservation for a party of 10 people that we had confirmed weeks ago for dinner. We arrived to the restaurant 30 mins early know that it's a busy place, but we wanted to make sure that our table would be ready on time. It wasn't!  Although we had a reservation we had to over an hour for our table.  I felt as though we were being treated as an inconvenient "walk-in' group, not a group that had booked and confirmed our reservation ahead of time.AMBIANCE:Love the art work and the colors, but this is one of the loudest restaurants that I have ever been to. It's virtually impossible to have a conversation with people in your group without yelling.  Rick, if you read this, you need to invest in hiring an acoustic treatment specialist to assess your restaurant and provide you with options to reduce the sound. It will make it a much more pleasant experience for your customers and your staff.  Besides, exposing your employees and yourself to loud decibels on a daily basis is a work safety hazard. FOOD:Well, 5 years ago the food was OK. This year, it was a mostly thumbs down. The guacamole, chips and salsa were great, but over priced. $10 for a scoop of guac. is pretty steep. Since it took the restaurant over an hour, they comp'd our guacamole.The tortilla soup was good, but too salty and the rest of the food was pretty, but frankly speaking shouldn't be called Mexican. Nor was is good.  The mole enchiladas were dry, the steaks were not cooked as ordered. They were either over-cooked or under-cooked. No one really enjoyed the food.Coming from Los Angeles with a group that is part American-Mexican, we expected to get great Mexican food at Rick's restaurant.  Rick's recipes and his packaged supermarket products are usually great, but the stuff they served at his restaurant were ....... let's just say there's a lot of work that needs to be done.  SERVICE:A part from the reservation and check-in experience, the service was pretty good.I truly wish I had a better review for Mr. Bayless. He seems to be a genuinely nice man and I wish that others have a much better experience than we did. I once wrote to him 5 years ago about a negative experience at his restaurant and I was surprised that he personally wrote back to apologize.4 out of 5.Their ceviche is as great as everyone claims.  It's very citrus-y and loaded with seafood.  The guacamole with bacon is pretty much what you'd expect it to taste.  I didn't find anything amazing with the guac itself.For entrees, I got the uber yummy mole enchiladas.  The mole was sweet but not too much so - good balance between savory and sweet.  The bf got the tacos which were not as great as we had hoped because they just tasted like regular tacos we could've gotten at home.  Same with the flan, though I would never turn down even an average tasting flan.We came here for brunch and sat outdoors on a breezy, sunny Saturday! I got the huevos rancheros and fresh spring guacamole-both were super delicious!! I'd love to try out this place for dinner next time.The only con would be how rushed our server was and how he really wanted us to hurry it up with our meal. This ain't NY-what's the rush?!Such a busy restaurant! I can tell that Rick has developed a cult of followers. This is my first time here and i want to taste it all. I ordered the hot chocolate, frontera ceviche, and duck breast mole. Let dissect the dish one by one. Hot chocolate is definitely different from XOCO, more normal = not as good as xoco. The ceviche that bears the namesake is very disappointing. It is way too sour to even taste the abacore. I did not enjoy it at all. The duck mole on the other hand is cooked to its most tenderness. The mole sauce and sweet potato purée is a great paring. It should render a four star but the ceviche is just a minus.Frontera Grill was the most amazing thing I ate in Chicago. And we ate a lot. I'm so glad that we made time to come here. Unfortunately, we could get a reservation ahead of time so we came on Saturday at 6pm and only had to wait 45 mins for a table - it's like it was meant to be!While waiting for a table, we sat at the bar, where the ambiance is perfection and the margaritas are even better. If you like mezcal, get the mezcal margarita. We also got the Frontera guacamole for an appetizer. Definitely one of the best guacs I've ever had and I'm pretty picky about my guacamole. For dinner we have the Oaxacan carne asada and the Mole Trio. Mole was everything you'd expect Rick Bayless mole to be and the Oaxacan style carne asada was AMAZING. There are no words to describe it.The price is on par with nice Mexican food - so is the quality and the portions. If you're visiting, you have to eat at Frontera. Try to make a reservation but if you can't get one then it's well worth your wait.I was excited to try out my first Rick Bayless restaurant (The man seems to own River North with Topolobamo, Xoco, Frontera Grill, and Frontera Fresco!).  The Huevos Rancheros was good and the Fresh Spring Guacomole was uber creamy and delicious.  It was a little dim indoors for lunch, so we chose to dine al fresco in the nice weather (and where we enjoyed a larger table).  One downside: Our server was kind of brusque.  Slow down, man!  It wasn't like they had a full house yet.My and my wife went to Frontera Grill for a date night and it was very disappointing. I had many great Mexican food back in California, and I wanted to try some high end Mexican food since I moved to Chicago. So far, I tried XOCO(also by Mr Bayless), Frontera Grill and New Rebozo. I have to say New Rebozo is 10 times better than the other two. Frontera Grill is only an average restaurant overall.The flavor was not good at all, it ruined the good quality meat.The one thing that I am most disappointed about was the price. It's simply overpriced. I do not recommend frontera grill. If you want to have fancy Mexican food, I definitely recommend New Rebozo.My husband and I went on a Friday night and were lucky enough to be seated right away at a table outside (probably because it was so cold out-- why don't more restaurants have heat lamps??!)We shared the corn tamales, enchiladas mole, carne asado tacos, shishito peppers and a side of black beans. Everything was ridiculously good especially the corn tamales (so sweet and light!) and the enchiladas mole.Highly recommend!Frontera Grill has become a Chicago staple and tourist attraction, and now I can see why. I went to Frontera and stood in line on a Wednesday night before they opened at 5:20pm, and it was quite exciting, like I was waiting in line for a concert. Oh, the anticipation! The people in the line were all excited, anxious and asking questions, like "Have you ever been here before?" "They open at 5:20, right?". Then when they opened the door, everyone in line was seated really quickly. The restaurant was full in about 20 minutes. I've never seen anything like it. They have this system down to a science. The food & margaritas are all very good. Anything you get will be good. There are several varieties of margaritas - I had the Meyer Lemon (the seasonal special) and the Classic - I think that I preferred the Meyer Lemon but both were good. The smoked chicken taquitos (appetizer) were the best thing I've eaten in a long time. I could have probably ordered 3 orders of those and had them as my dinner. After I tasted it, I stopped my friend in mid-sentence to talk about how amazing they were. You CAN'T miss the smoked chicken taquitos. I also tried the Plantain Tlacoyos (corn masa ovals with plantains and black beans), which were very tasty. The Oxacan-style Carne Asada was truly outstanding. I don't eat steak very often, but this steak was so flavorful - it had a smoky flavor to it, and I enjoyed every bite. I would definitely get it again. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that the service was not what I was expecting from a Rick Bayless establishment. The server was great at first, but then he disappeared for a good 20 minutes. When my friend very nicely asked what happened, the server shrugged it off and sort of got a little bit of an attitude. I know that this is probably not typical though, so it's absolutely not a reason not to go. I think that everyone should visit Frontera at least once. It's a Chicago classic!Celebrating my birthday, couldn't select a better place! The restaurant was fun, the food was good, the drinks phenomenal! Though the wait was 2 hours, still had fun meeting people waiting at the bar. Recommend you visit but if you don't want to wait make reservation months in advance. In my experience the wait was worth it!One of the boxes I wanted to check off on my first trip to Chicago.  Didn't disappoint.  Once I got seated, which was about an hour for a party of one on a Tuesday night, it got better.  Albacore ceviche, Shiitake mushroom and goat cheese tamales were great.  Would do them again.  Service was great except the hostess was a bit unorganized.  Glad I waited it out.One of my favorite places in the city. Great food and drinks. On the weekends there is a bit of wait but is worth it!Ps met Obama there once...Frontera did me a solid by helping me with a reservation after an error on my end.  Margaritas (and there are many to choose from) were top notch.  I didn't like my asparagus in mole sauce, only took one bite, and it was cleared without an inquiry into how it was.  However, the guacamole was good and super fresh.  The tomato salad was refreshing and balanced, and the queso fundido with homemade chorizo was great.  I'd give it another chance because of the reputation, but I would hope for more engaging service next time.Try to come here for lunch instead of waiting  in the crazy line during the evening. The menu is essentially the same. Obviously the guac is a must. It's the same Xoco's. The ceviche sampler is a great way to have a light appetizer with different flavor profiles.  I don't know how to describe the duck chorizo queso. It is unreal. My friend and I also shared the duck with mole sauce. It was decent but I thought the duck was a little tough.Frontera Grill is a mediocre restaurant coasting on the goodwill of a celebrity chef. I really don't understand the glowing reviews of this place. Average food would ordinarily rate 3 stars, but the prices charged here are outrageous in comparison to the quality.  I've been here a few times and always thought that maybe I ordered the wrong things. After my most recent experience, I can safely conclude that the food is just not that good. The sweet plantains are actually great, but I wouldn't recommend a restaurant based on a single side dish. The best of the rest is the ceviche, which I rate only as above average. The room is dark and dated. We were most recently there on a warm, sunny day and the dining room was like entering a cave. It was actually a downer as we came inside from one of the first nice days of spring.Service was unpolished. Everyone at the table was delivered the wrong food, waiter took food order without asking about drinks, etc.There is usually a long wait to get into Frontera, so I think many people have a sense of accomplishment getting to eat here. I feel like that, coupled with Bayless' renown, are what make people rate Frontera higher than it should be rated. If this same food was served at a new restaurant with an anonymous chef, there is no way it would be this highly regarded.A very solid 4 stars for chef Rick Bayless! Mexican cuisine is often unfortunately parodied into a greasy, cheesy, chili powdered mess. Frontera Grill demonstrates that you can achieve those bold flavors while still maintaining the integrity your ingredients. My pork in manchamanteles was so balanced, I could taste every component: from the mole, to the sweet pineapple, to the earthy purple potato. Yet they all married together beautifully. I'm also not sure I've ever had a better tasting tortilla chip - these are thick, crunchy, and ultimately satisfying.A couple minor issues keep this from being a 5 star review. Several items seemed heavy handed on the salt. The chips, salsas, and the arugula in my dish were quite salty and I felt this detracted from their already-wonderful flavors. Also, a friend and I ordered the same dish and a basket of soft tacos was brought out for the both of us, but there were only 5. When you're enjoying a meal as good as this one, you don't want to have to deal with the awkwardness of deciding who gets the last taco.I really enjoyed the ambience here. The walls are adorned with festive decor but not kitschy at all. Tip: come for lunch if you don't want to wait ages for a reservation.Frontera Grill showcases modern Mexican cuisine with complex yet clean flavors - in true Rick Bayless style!Essential. Revisionist Mexican by The Master, Rick Bayless. $8.50 Starter CHICKEN IN BLACK BEAN SAUCE is tangy to the point that you don't lick it, you feel it licking you... licking the roof of your mouth. Now, the $20+ plates: SHRIMP in RED CHILI PIPIAN has me mentally concentrated with every spicy, savory bite. I've never been a sauce-hound, but I scooped up every last drop of sauce into as many shrimp and black rice and green bean and fried onion bites as I could. PORK IN BANANA LEAVES is fat succulent meat, so much to stuff your face with. If you want to slow down, put that pork in a taco -- use your bite molars and tongue on this one. Dessert: FLAN that hits you like ecstasy. Excuse my hyperbole, but it's the best flan I've ever had -- the powdered almonds on the chocolate flan makes it special and brings a hard & soft diversity in each bite. Eggy-soft yet firm gelatin, lushness and moistness... sublime flan, I kid you not.Now I had one disappointment. And it would be one of the biggest thrills of my life if a restaurant manager contacted me and considered my suggestion. I had the CHAMPAGNE MARGARITA, I don't doubt any of the said ingredients or added orange liqueur. But upon served it loses its' chill very fast, and I think this drink would be stupendous if served super-chilled. Earnestly, I think "Frontera" should serve their cocktails in frosted glasses. Yes, I repeat, frosted glasses.But don't let that keep you away from one of the great class act restaurants this side of Lake Michigan. Any out-of-towners should place this at the top of your must-do list. I know Bayless' other neighborhood restaurant "Topolobampo" is supposed to be his fancier restaurant, but I don't know much nicer/fancier it can possibly get from "Frontera" standards. Business-casual dress at "Frontera" is cool. #sexyeatsCHICAGO: I was excited to dine here because of how famous the place is and its chef.  Disclaimer, I did not have the mole or ceviche, and its known for both.  I can only review what I tried, and it was merely fine.I ordered the street food trio appetizer (4 stars) which was good, but not mind blowing.  It had enchiladas potosinas and masa cakes that were both super tasty.  Next, the limeade (1 star) was waaay too concentrated and bitter.  Not a pleasant experience at all.  I like limeades and I order them all the time.  This was basically a giant glass of barely seasoned lime juice.Next, the Oaxacan steak (3 stars) was fine but the spicy sauce wasn't great.  The salmon (3.5 stars) was better but it was pretty vanilla-good salmon with sweet glaze.  I can get that anywhere.I promised my friends who love this place that I would return and order a better selection.  Hopefully ill be able to update and improve this review.I love cooking... mexican especially. So I naturally found my way to rick bayless and his cookbooks and show. Not an uncommon occurrence to be sure. Naturally I sought out his restaurants to see what 'upscale' mexican  and could tast like. Oh how bad did I want to love this place. The ambience was alright. I sat in the bar section and was served by a very pleasent waiter.The horchata was very good. Very different from the usual but very good, dessertish. I ordered the sopes rancheros appetizer and the gorditas with eggs, chorizo and potatoe, and chicken in a black bean puree. From the very first bit I was let down. From the weird tasting tomatoe sauce for the sopes to the dry overcooked chicken I was let down. I plan to attend topolobampo soon and I hope that bayless will be redeemed though after xoco and frontera the things are not looking good. Perhaps this was an uncommon event but it is hard to believe as there was not one single piece of the meal apart from the drink that I actually enjoyed.Ok, so I love Rick Bayliss.  I loved him on Top Chef Masters, I love his cookbooks (one of which I own), I love Mexican and Latin American cooking.  When I heard that on my recent trip to Chicago we would be dining at the Frontera Grill our first night, I immediately began to salivate.  Over the course of the next week or so I memorized the menu so that I could have some grasp of all the delicious things that I would be trying.  Frankly I just did not have the room to try them all...so I guess I will have to go back.  What I did have, however, was AMAZING!Let me now wax poetically about the best thing I put in my mouth, probably the entire time I was in Chicago...The Frontera Ceviche is some "shut yo mouth potion."  I pretty much ate the whole order.  It was prepared perfectly.  There are olives in it, I don't like olives, loved this dish.  The Blood Orange Margarita was fantastic.  The bacon guacamole was a special treat that I would eat again and again.  The Mole...oh the mole was a dream, and the Carne Asada...The staff was great:  Cute and knowledgeable and so polite.  Our waiter made excellent wine suggestions which helped to make the whole experience a dream.The décor was on point.  I did have to ask which bathroom was for me, but you move on.  The bar, which I got to see on my way to said restroom, was gorgeous and so spacious. Overall, this place is a MUST for anyone visiting Chicago and quite frankly could be a regular spot for any residence of the city.  I will be returning each and every time I go to Chicago!Another fantastic brunch at a great restaurant in Chicago. Rick Bayless is a genius. His creative use of flavors representing Mexican style cuisine, his ability to execute through his chefs and staff, and the fun atmosphere all make every visit special.Today I had the Huevos a la Mexicana. Scrambled eggs with avocado, tomato, serranos, and green onions. Black beans to die for and it was truly the best brunch since the last time I was there. It is a simple dish executed flawlessly.  We started with their guacamole, a must every time we are there, and it always delivers on taste, texture, and presentation. Still my favorite restaurant in Chicago.I thought my coworkers were joking when they took me, the Texan from Houston, to a Mexican place while I was on a trip to Chicago.  Nope, no joke, this skeptical Texan was (mostly) won over by the delicious food at Frontera.Apparently my coworkers had to make reservations 2 weeks in advance to get a table for 4 at 9:30.  Insane!  It's that Rick Bayless effect I guess.  We actually showed up at 6:30, thinking we could always drink for a bit before getting our table.  We had some margaritas; I had the mezcal varities - the paloma is the best one!  The others are only average.  And the fact that I can say I had 3 margaritas over the meal and didn't get a buzz should tell you they did not serve Texas-strength margs.  For shame!They were able to seat us early, which was so nice!  Overall, the service we experienced is just like what others were saying - slow to visit and take orders, slow to refill drinks especially water, slow to take orders.So, the food:  Sorry folks, that guac you're raving over is not that great.  Sure, it's fresh, but the avocado did the work, not the chef.  The chips were corn chips and decent, but I don't think they were homemade.  Are we keeping score against Texas?  Right now Chicago is 0 for 3.  Don't worry, that's about to change.We kicked it off with the ceviche and oyster platter, and the stuffed jalapenos.  Both were good, but the stuffed jalapenos were better.  The oysters were certainly fresh but a little small.I had the Oaxacan style carne asada for dinner.  Oh. Dios.  MIO.  I asked for it rare and it was so deliciously, tenderly, perfectly-seasoned rare that I think I heard the gates of Heaven open to the sound of mariachi.  It was fan-friggin-tastic.  It came with a side of black beans (delicious and prepared in the traditional fashion, yum) a side of guac (we've talked about this), and fried plantains.  I almost died joining the clean plate club but I DID IT.  The plantains were particularly perfect.And now you're wondering, why is she still writing?  Could it be...after all that food...that we went for DESSERT?!  HELL YEAH!  I had the homemade vanilla ice cream with the chocolate sauce AND the caramel sauce.  You gotta get both because they complement each other so good.  If you're gonna be lame and just get one, make it the caramel sauce, which is homemade cajeta.YUM YUM YUM!This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant. I really recommend coming here late at night around closing time, when there's hardly any wait. The tacos and guacamole were expectedly delicious, but one big surprise at our table was the mashed potatoes. Who would have thought that a Mexican place would have the best mashed potatoes ever?Went here after a disappointed experience at another restaurant and they saved the evening.  The Art work grabs your attention as you want in and will not let go.  The ambiance transports you away from the Urban Jungle of Chicago into an exotic Mexican world.We enjoyed some of the best Margaritas I have enjoyed since coming to the Midwest and the snacks that we choose to go along were unique and inspiring (bought his cookbook).  Best part, the bartender helped educate us on the finer points of tequila.  By the time we left, my wife actually was enjoying a drink she said she would never touch.I can not wait to go back.I could spend an hour writing about how much I loved this place - and i had HIGH expectations.One of the reasons I wanted to visit Chicago is because I wanted to try Rick Bayless' food (after Top Chef Masters, loving Mexican food, and thinking he was such a wonderful person).I wasn't disappointed! First: I got a rum and ginger. DELICIOUS cocktail. I am not a tequila fan so I ordered a weird drink. SO GOOD.We of course got guacamole - more onion and garlic powdery, light on cilantro and tomato, but DELICIOUS. creamy avocados and quite a bit for $10 (or maybe just because everything is cheaper in Chicago than LA).I also got corn masa in green peanut mole with vegetables. Can i just have this ALL THE TIME? My friend got chicken enchilada mole (which I tried the sauce) and we both loved the sauce and she loved the enchiladas.I also had made a reservation about 2 months ahead of time (at least) and had NO problems. The manager also came up since i said I was a vegetarian coming from CA and allergic to mangoes and explained all things that had mango in it and any ingredients that had meat (FYI the black beans do!! so you have to ask w/o). I was SO IMPRESSED by the services.  When my friend ordered the enchiladas she came over and explained there was chicken in them just to confirm I hadn't ordered them. It was the best service I've had in years. Honestly.The next time I am in Chicago I am going again. I regret not getting a churro....Great!Went to the bar area for some light snacks and we were able to snag a table. We just got beer, guac and smoked chicken taquitos. All were really good - reminded me of rosa mexicana in NYC.The new spring menu is delicious.  The highlights were: AMAZING SOPES!! Crispy and delicious and flavorful.  I can't believe how good they were.DELICIOUS SOPA DE FRUTA--- fruit soup (dessert) SOOO GOOD!Also, the TORTILLAS are so fresh and chewy and wonderful.....amazing drinks:Blackberry Basil Margarita.  Sounds cheesy and trendy, but its really rich and delicious like no other cocktail I've had.Paloma Oaxaquena-- a balance of smoky, sweet, and spicy, without any of them overpowering the other.  wow.  We also had the duck entree and the fundido classico appetizer.  They were good.What else can be said about Rick Bayless' restaurants except we continue to be lured back again and again to the best Mexican in town.  We've been to Topolo and Frontera a few times but more recently only to Frontera as it is a little more "cost friendly".  I will of course never forget our last time at Topolo years ago when President Obama decided to drop by for dinner.  Yes, it was the awestruck OMIGOSH moment for sure.Just the guacamole and topolo margarita's are sufficient to bring me back to Frontera.  The margarita's go down smooth and aren't exactly cheap at $11 each.  Beware as your drink bill can easily exceed your food bill.There's a wide array of appetizers to try but our favorites down-pat have been the Old School Frontera Trio and the Street Food Trio.  One of these is plenty for a party of two.  Get ready to indulge your taste-buds in chicken taquitos, cheese quesadillas, molotes, sopes and oh....more guacamole.  Even my non-fish eating husband ate the melt-in-your mouth ceviche tostadas without complaint   During our last visit we also decided to share the tortilla soup; definitely one of the best we've had.  Soup is not what comes to mind at a Mexican restaurant but this dark broth with chicken, avocado, cheese & crispy tortilla strips is just delicious.By the way, the salsas that come with the guacamole and appetizers are good enough to drink.  We make sure we scrape the little bowls clean.While the appetizers have been consistently divine; the main courses have been great or just ok.  A few months ago, our main courses included chile-rubbed chicken in divine coloradito mole and a fabulous day-boat catch accompanied by beets, grilled squash, pickled red onions, and mashed potatoes.  We left thinking..........oh that was heaven.Our last visit included the oaxacan-style black angus rib steak for my husband and I had the mole trio.  Both were good but we were nowhere near blown away.  The steak is quite fatty and neither one of us acquired a taste for the sweet plantains.  The trio was enchiladas in poblano sauce, pork and beans in coloradito, and vegetables in green mole.  I didn't care for the green mole although the enchiladas were nice.A parting thought.  Among other things, you can buy frontera all natural guacamole mix at most local grocery stores.  If you think you can mimic Frontera Grill's amazing guacamole with this.............not even remotely close.  The woman at the table by us overheard me talking about this and we shared a quick chuckle.  I will not be buying this mix again.You can now make reservations for Frontera online at City Eats.  Weekend reservations are still typically 3-4 months out but it's worth it.The most delicious, amazing, brilliant Mexican food i have EVER had in my life. It is a MUST while in Chicago.The wait time was to be expected; we stopped by early in the evening put our name down and proceeded to tour around downtown Chicago for the next 2.5 hours. Our table was great right outside on a warm and breezy evening. The food was good however the services was terrible, the server didn't say more than five words to us the entire time, did not introduce himself or offer any menu suggestions. I think he was annoyed we were there.  I had high expectations; I think this place is slightly overrated.Another visit to a Rick Bayless establishment.  I ordered the duck in pasilla-huitlacoche sauce and it was a solid choice.  My friend ordered some form of mole and that was sensational. Probably the least enjoyable out of the Rick Bayless establishments I went to but that's not saying it is bad.  The restaurant itself was very fitting to the cuisine meaning it was warm and inviting.Food was very good. Service for the most part was great. Had a secondary server bring a plate that was very hot and did not tell me the plate was hot. Slightly burned my finger- definitely something the restaurant should address. Thankfully I'm not super litigious.Name two things that you wouldn't normally expect to find in a Mexican restaurant.What is this, "Family Feud"??Ok, since Richard Dawkins isn't here to help, I will give you the answers:SURVEY SAYS:1) Oysters2) RibsThat's right. Everyone else can rave about things like margaritas (I had way more than "several") and mole (of course it's good, what a silly question) and guacamole (sooooo fresh) but I am here to talk about oysters and ribs.But first- the six of us got there and there was a 2 1/2 hour wait. That's ok, we went to the bar, we found 4 chairs, 4 of us sat, 2 of us stood, and soon a nearby couple left and then voila, we all had a seat. And it took all of 30 minutes. So don't fret.We ordered the guacamole. Of course it is good. Again, what a silly question.We ordered oysters. Yup. Oysters. If you like oysters, then get these. It is such a nice change from the usual horseradish and cocktail sauce. These come with a tomatillo-habanero sauce and when was the last time you had that with your oysters? It is not too spicy, but it is flavorful and really terrific with the oysters. And, if you think it is toooooo spicy, just order another margarita or two. One way or another, you'll be fine.Ribs: Did you know "costillas" in Spanish also means "girlfriend"? Neither did I, but now I do and now I have a new girlfriend. These are slathered in Chipotle and they are spicy. Yup, for sure you'll need two or three margaritas with these. They are unbelievably good and are the Saturday special. So, if you are here on a Saturday, have at least one person in the group get these. You won't be disappointed.Lastly: Get the Shrimp in Chilpachole. Spicy, smokey, and perfect with a margarita (notice a pattern here?).You already know you have to come to Frontera. And you know you have to try all the usuals...but now you know to also get the oysters and ribs. And next time you are on Family Feud, Richard Dawkins will be sooo impressed.Delicious dinner and not a terrible wait. Do not expect americanized Mexican here. It is gourmet. No refried beans and fried ice cream.  The chips and salsa are a great start as two salsas of differing flavors and heat provide a good intro to what is in store. I will admit in this early summer humidity some chips were stale. The flank steak was terrific. Mezecal margarita at top of menu is outstanding.3.5 ratingCame here for lunch and it was definitely a favorite local hangout as it was full on a Thursday lunch hour. Food was innovative, but just OK to our taste. So I wouldn't be raring to return. Lots of items on the menu to choose from. We had soft tacos with different fillings for each of us: chicken w/black beans, grilled chicken, and pork with grilled pineapples. Meats were tender and well marinated. The guacamole was too rich for our taste as well. It was like  the avocado had been whipped with sour cream (I usually keep the avocado and sour cream separate), which rendered the scoop extremely rich. It also lacked tomatoes in the guacamole.My pet peeve was that you have to pay for the nachos which came with a red sauce and a tomatillo sauce (yeah...a shame cuz we're not accustomed to this, even at the most high-end southwestern restaurants these were complimentary). The red sauce was too watery and had way too much lime juice.I agree, overhyped for the price you pay.Had a business meeting in Chicago and was looking for somewhere to eat I always wanted to try Frontera Grill but never got around to giving it a chance, luck have it my meeting was not for two more hours and I was around the area during the time fontera was opening which was 515.. Walked right in with no line and watch straight to the hostess she told me there was a 40 minute wait for a table and that if I did not want to wait I can go eat at the bar.. Ordered a margarita which was extremely small for the price of $11.50.. Service was some of the worst I have ever seen very spotty I asked the waiter/bartender for margarita and also an order of the guacamole he did not return with my guacamole or margarita for 15 minutes and if that time there's only four people sitting at the bar, after giving me my margarita and guacamole he did not give me any napkin nor Silverware I had to ask for every single one. I even wanted to put in order for the smoky chicken tuquitos and the bartender did not return back to the other end of the bar for at least 10 minutes. Once I put in my order it took roughly around 20 minutes to get my appetizer. I've been wanted to put in my order for my main dinner which then also the bartender disappeared again for a second time it he did not come back to the other end of the bar for close to 15 minutes.. No I don't mind if you're busy trying to get orders for customers but he was standing at the other end of the bar chatting with other coworkersWhen he finally did make his way to my side of the bar the place was becoming ridiculously packed almost to the point of being sardined against people at the bar. I put in an order for their taco special which was a wood roasted chicken pork and steak dish. When it arrived to me my order it was massive much larger than I thought it would be I thought...flavor was some of the best Mexican food I've ever had... by this time though since the waiter took so long to take my order and also to deliver my food I was almost out of time for my meeting I had to wrap up my food and asked if I could have it put in a to go container he took another 20 minutes to do this and by that time I was almost running late when I got home to look at the container with my food it was thrown in A box all mashed together in a horrible way... If you're going to spend close to $100 on Mexican food the service should be spot on and when you asked for to go container it should not be in a cardboard box which looks the garbage when you get home this gets three stars for the food being fantastic but the service being some of the worst I've experienced in Chicago!!! I may return for the food but will not look forward to the horrible service I'm shocked this is a Rick Bayless restaurant and he allows this to go on...I hope the management reads this review and changes what needs to be changed in the serviceNothing special.  Was here 7 years ago and thought it was okay but not worth the hype, wait, or price.  Tried again last night and 7 years later I had the exact same reaction.  The drink and food are okay but nothing special.  When thinking about the wait, noise, crowds, and the outrageous prices it's really not worth it.I have been wanting to try a Rick Bayless restaurant for ages, and I am happy to say our Saturday brunch experience at Frontera Grill met all expectations. The service was quick and polite; we were seated at a corner table/booth (my favorite); and I enjoyed the lively atmosphere inside. Most importantly, the food was AMAZING!Sopes rancheros: My favorite dish of the meal, an awesome starter. The beef was tender and so well seasoned; combined with the avocado and cheese they were perfect!Spicy bacon: A subtle, smoky spiciness that grew on me with each bite. CHOMP.Catfish tacos: Really liked the tortillas, very soft and almost doughy in texture. The grilled onions (ordered separately) complemented the fish well as did the more citrus-y salsa. Comes with some guac and beans.Chilaquiles verdes: Great combination of flavors, I loved the cheese.And of course, the hot chocolate- not sweet in that artificial, too sugary way, but a real deep sweetness with just the right amount of cinnamon. I would definitely recommend Frontera Grill for a fun, unique interpretation of classic Mexican dishes. Everything was beautifully presented and the ingredients were so fresh and came together so well. My Mexican boyfriend found no faults with our meal, and although we could never replace our regular hole-in-the-wall Mexican spots with Frontera, it is definitely worth the splurge for a nice occasion!The food was good,but this was the most overcrowded place I have ever eaten at. Tables were less than a foot apart and was awkward to get up or sit down at. Hard to even have a private conversation because other people are seated so close to you. Take out a few tables and make the dining experience like a fine dining restaurant instead of a claustrophobic nightmare.This was chosen for our office holiday lunch last month. My office has its share of foodies and Rick Bayless fans, so we went in with high hopes.The food was really good, no lie. However, it was pretty high priced as far as I'm concerned. Unless someone comes to visit me in Chicago and really wants to go here, I don't know that I'll be back often.The presentation was great and our server was very attentive. The drinks were excellent, and packed a good punch as far as I'm concerned. We really loved the salsas--one of my coworkers is Mexican and she will be critical if she thinks it's necessary, but she really loved them all and planned to purchase some for partner as a gift. Lastly, the desserts. I had the bunuelitos, and it was really good. The reason I give it a three instead of a four is really just because of the price; food was excellent, and if you are a fan or want to stop at one a Chicago favorite, be sure to make a visit.My wife took me here for lunch the day after Christmas as a last minute present (she knew that I'd been aching to come here for a long time). I'd been to Topolobampo, the attached higher end restaurant, before, but I'd always wanted to see if the main restaurant could live up to the hype. And it most certainly did.Let me just start off by saying that my expectations were high since I just spent a week in the Yucatan region and had dined on some of the best Mexican food I've had in my life. But Bayless's reputation as someone who strives to incorporate real regional flavors and recipes in his dishes remains intact with me. I thought the food was really excellent, if not quite as inventive as Topolobampo or as exquisitely delicious as the authentic dishes we had in Mexico. The mole enchiladas I tried were the second best mole dish I've ever had (second to the Red Iguana in Salt Lake City). The guacamole was excellent. The garlic shrimp my wife ordered were super yummy. I highly recommend them to anyone who is trying Frontera for the first time.  The black bean side dish is something I will order again.The only problem I had with the restaurant was that the hostesses accidentally cancelled our lunch reservation. After I showed them the confirmation text they sent us, they were very apologetic and immediately found us a table. So in the end, we didn't lose our table, but it created a brief moment of stress. It seemed that the hostess desk was a bit disorganized for such a nice restaurant.I'll begin by saying that I've been following Rick's cooking shows for many years, perhaps a decade.  I have always wanted to eat at one of his restaurants and was finally awarded the opportunity this week.  First thing is first.  Customer service was phenomenal.  My girlfriend and I were served by Pancho and he was excellent.  The same goes for the manager.  Service was 5 stars no doubt.Restaurant decor was on the cheesy side.  Unimaginative and trite.As for the food, it was mediocre.  I really wanted to have a mind blowing gastronomical experience and I was expecting to taste Rick's passion for Mexican cuisine translated into deliciousness in my mouth.  It did not happen...not for me nor for my girlfriend.  We had Trout al Cilantro and Oaxacan style carne asada.  Without going into excruciating detail about the dishes, I'm just going to sum up the experience as lackluster and not memorable by any capacity.  Our margaritas (blood orange) were good but nothing to brag about.Having dined extensively throughout Mexico, I have eaten much better food for 1/4th the cost (or less).  Perhaps it's time for Rick Bayless to revisit his menu at Frontera Grill and make the dishes live up to his claim to fame...or at least make the dishes live up to their price.While passing by the mass of people lining up to get into Frontera Grill on a regular basis, I would laugh at the suckers waiting to get in. But secretly, I was curious and a bit jealous. What would drive these normally sane people to stand and wait to eat Mexican food for hours? This question immediately popped in my head when we stopped by after 10pm on a Friday night to check the wait time. I was not very hungry, but when the hostess told us "35 minutes," I couldn't say no.Dinner service stops at 11pm, but I never felt rushed in the service we received (service was excellent), even being seated past 10:30pm. I looked over the menu, but was immediately conflicted, I wanted EVERYTHING. After deliberation with the group, here is what was decided on.  Ceviche Trio (Frontera/Tropical Tuna/Yucatecan) - all three of the samplers were delicious. My favorite was the Tropical Tuna, which was more like a guacamole with tuna rather than a traditional ceviche. The other two were more like traditional ceviche and were both delicious (but harder to distinguish between). If you don't know which ceviche to choose, definitely get this sampler. Street Trio (Potosinas/Molotes/Sopes) - I was a bit indifferent on the two meat offerings. But the fried cheese (potosinas) were really a stand out. They were delicious. The molotes and sopes were OK, but I didn't find them game changing. Tortilla Soup - this was flat out delicious. The avocado, the tortilla strips, the cheese, down to the hot broth. We nearly licked the bowl clean. Duck Breast with Tamarind & Ancho - The duck breast was tender and not overly seasoned. It was great complimented with the crispy tamarind and mole sauce the surrounded it. Very good. Friday Special (Suadero) - This was a 20 hour cooked brisket, that melted as soon as it jumped in my mouth. The dark mole sauce was great and it was flavorful, but not overpowering to the point where I couldn't eat it by itself. Definitely good. Mushroom Cazuela - this corn, mushrooms, and spices mixture was delicious. A little small, but it really was a great addition to everything else we ate. Green Beans - just normal garlic green beans, but they were prepared well and fit in well to provide a break from all the heavy flavors. Duo de Flanes - I don't really remember much of this dish. I think it was a bit overshadowed by the tres leches, but I think it was still a good offering. Tres Leches - I really enjoyed this dessert (even though we didn't finish it). It has pomegranate seeds on top with a berry filling with whipped cream all around. It was not too sweet, and let the fruit taste really come through. Very enjoyable experience. One thing I really didn't enjoy was the tortilla. I think it really didn't provide much for me and came out a bit cold. I tried one with the mole and ended up tossing the rest. Frontera Grill really hit the spot for me. It lived up to its hype and made me into a fan. The food selection was exciting, even if not all the items were spectacular. The food is flavorful but not overpowering while having great textures and presentation. I will definitely come again (hopefully not to a long wait).The food was not bad. I'm from New York City so this was comparable to the Mexican food we have in NYC, but we have abundance of better I think. We ordered the Spring Guac, tropical tuna cocktail, steak tacos, and chicken dish.Great food - especially the guacamole.After wanting to visit Frontera for years, I finally made it out there on a Tuesday evening. The restaurant was smaller than I expected. It was very loud in there. People are packed in like sardines and we had to practically yell at each other over the roar of the crowd. Our waiter came by after about a minute and asked for our drink order. We said we needed a minute to look over the menu. He left and didn't return for ten to fifteen minutes. By then, we knew what we wanted for drinks, appetizer and entree. When he got the drink order, he was in such a rush that he left while I was trying to tell him we were ready to put in the entire order. Regarding the food: the bacon guacamole was good. The scallop ceviche was a joke; we paid about $15 for a medium sized scallop sliced up into 6 pieces drizzled with some lime. The entrees were cooked as requested and were very tasty. Homemade tortillas were nice. The blood orange margarita I ordered was fine, but it was the smallest drink I've ever had. Four tablespoons does not a margarita make.My main issue is that it is not a good value. It certainly was not exceptional food. It was good food. I don't think it warrants the price tag.I arrived promptly at 5PM on a rainy Saturday to have dinner with a friend. We didn't have a reservation and we we had to arrive early in order to get into this happening Mexican restaurant. The line was already the length of the entire restaurant. Luckily this place is fairly big, we managed to get one of the last tables that was set aside for walk ins. Service was good throughout, considering how busy it was. The waiter kept the margaritas and chips and salsa comingGuacamole - Classic dish, some of the best guar I've ever had. Many entrees come with this as a side so you may not need to order as an app.Tamale - Same as the guacamole. Just another perfectly created dish. If you have never had one I would describe it as relative of cornbread. Oyster & Ceviche Combo - Ceviche is raw fish that is marinated in some kind of citrus juice. It came with a raw tuna marinated in a fruit salsa (which was my favorite of the two) and another with albacore, limes, tomatoes, and olivesCarne Asada - Rib steak, bean, sweet plantain, a little bit of guac, covered with their own creme sauce which added a great cheese like flavor to the dish. The same theme as the other dishes. Classic take on the dish executed perfectly. This might be the best Mexican I have ever had.So, all two times that I've eaten at Frontera have been for business on the company's dime - PSA over with.  Went last night for dinner with a colleague consultant who was in town with several of us from my company.  Overall the experience was excellent.  The food was top notch - no surprise given Rick Bayless' credentials - and the margaritas were excellent (if expensive).  The service was very good, but not perfect.  It is a relatively pricey experience, so keep that in mind - you'll likely drop $50-75 each with drinks.  My only complaint is that I tried the Thursday Chili Relleno special (supposedly outstanding), and it was good, and quite tasty, but not outstanding.  I've given up on Chili Relleno.  Every version I've had in the Chicago area sucks (except this one), so I figure if it's not mind-blowing at Frontera, then I need to find another favorite dish to substitute it with.Now the quest starts to figure out what it will be.....Frontera Grill was seriously on my bucket list!  I'm a HUGE fan of Rick Bayless and watched his PBS show religiously so I was beyond thrilled when I found out my husband had made reservations for us!  Having said that I was bummed to have to give it a 4 star rather than a 5.  Reason being the pack those tables in so incredibly tight that we had not an ounce of privacy.  We literally had to somewhat whisper so the people next to us couldn't hear.  We were sitting at one of 2 tables on a raised platform and it was TIGHT...I'm a thin girl and my butt was scraping their table moving into my spot to eat. A.W.K.W.A.R.D.As for the food, it was nothing less than amazing, as were their tequila drinks.  The food was spectacular!  I won't go into details because it's really not needed.  Come on, it's Rick Bayless.  As for the service, it was top notch!  Always on the ball, always clearing the table, always had something to drink and our server was able to thoroughly answer every question we asked as well as making suggestions from the menu according to our taste preferences.  And OH....the food portions are more like tapas style, which I tend to enjoy more!  All-in-all a wonderful eating experience!!Know before you go:  There is a MASSIVE line outside of patrons waiting to get in prior to opening time.  My recommendation is reservations!  And all 3 of his restaurants are right in the same location....similar to Old Navy, The Gap and Banana Republic....different price levels!Having seen this place on the show, "The best thing I've ever ate", I knew I had to come here to try the famous - Carne Asada A La Oxaquena.  It's a steak marinated in spicy red chile, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole.  You wrap this all up inside fresh tortilla shells and begin the  journey to Mexican cuisine heaven.  Every bite of this was wonderful!The place is busy though, we decided to seat ourselves at the bar immediately instead of waiting 30 mins for a table to open up.We made reservations six months ago for a birthday.  As we all walked in, I thought the restaurant and the bar were beautiful.  Especially the bar area.  We ordered a couple of basic margaritas at the bar and we were seated.  The menu was bigger than I expected.  I asked our server a question about the menu and he looked at me like I had 4 eyes.  I dont think he understood me.   I did not like that you could just order a taco.  We started out with the guacamole and chips.  Very good.  I then started to look at the wine list.  A women came up to the table and said she was the sommelier. I told her what I normally drank and she recommended a bottle that was great.  The Mcrae Wood shiraz 2010.  I got the feeling if we had ordered glasses of wine she would have come back to check on us more often as she did with the table in front of us.  Thats too bad because I had more questions for her.  We ordered more apps.  We ordered ceviche a couple of different ways.  All were very good.  We then ordered the oyster ceviche combo app.  They brought it out and it was beautiful.  I asked the server what kind of oysters they had given us and he was not sure.  I love oysters and I want to know where they are from.  After we polished off the bottle of wine, we ordered  the blue agave margaritas and they were small but rock solid.  For the main course I had the carne asada.  Great flavor.  The corn tortila's that came with it were the best.  My wife had the two taco special.  They were pork and beef.  Very good.  I finished the night with a black coffee that was great.  The food here is unique and just wonderful.  For the amount of money that your going to spend here the service needs to be better.   This is just my humble opinion.I've wanted to eat here for years. On my previous visits to Chicago, I wasn't with people who would people who wanted to come. Perhaps my expectations were too high.The scallop ceviche was spectacular. My server did a great job of suggesting proper wines. Things were off to a great start. Then it was the duck mole. Good mole, but nothing much better than I can get locally here in SLC. The duck tended to be overcooked, although I liked the char that was there. So, the main course was more of a 3.5. The desert was very good.All in all, for $100 for 1, good, but not good enough for me to rush back. It's better than OK, but I'm not wowed to the level I expected. I'd go again if asked.The dish that I got tasted good. However the portion size of the dish was lacking. I understand it's upscale but I think eating a meal should not take two bites.Highlights: The homemade corn tortilla's, they were amazing.  Service was excellentNegatives: the long wait for mediocre, overpriced food.  $17 for roughly 3 taco's.  Rick Bayless found a way to turn taco bell into high end.This place is great! Although if you want to actually sit down in the restaurant, you have to get here right at 4pm to stand in line.  The food is awesome and the margs are fantastic!Got here at around 7. We put our name down for a table and we were told there would be an hour and a half to two hour wait, but that we could get drinks at the bar and they would text us when the table was ready. We ordered margaritas and were lucky to score a spot at the bar when a couple was finished dining. So two margaritas later, our order of the Taco Trio came out. It came with three meats, so we asked for carne asada, cerdo al pastor, and duck. Just as we were told, the portion was enough for two to share and it came with guacamole, grilled chiles, grilled green onions, and tortillas. It was delicious! Fianceé raved about it and said it was just like the tacos he had in Mexico. Service was outstanding. Even though the place was packed we were never left unattended. We would definitely come back next time we come to the city. Oh, funny....we got a text message at about 5 minutes to 10 PM telling us that our table was ready. We were already at the hotel almost going to sleep. So my suggestion would be, try to grab a spot at the bar area and enjoy.Ok.  Too long of a wait.Food is ok.  Small portions with food and their drinks. They need to improve.Wow this place was amazing!!! They had a lot of vegetarian options. We got the guacamole, vegetarian quesadilla, vegetarian enchiladas and a side of vegetarian black beans. The presentation was pretty and modern and the flavors were incredible.This is always a great place to go.Tamales cannot be beat (try the goat tamale!!). Ceviches are solid.And dear gosh the pumpkin chocolate tart was to die for! I always come back :)I went here for my birthday dinner with my fiance and some friends. The drinks were delicious but everything else was just okay. We had the ceviche with the oysters and the guacamole for appetizers. I'm not a huge ceviche fan but it was good and the guac was delicious. We ordered a bunch of street food but the portions were so small. There were 4 of us and some options only came with 3 pieces. What? Everything tasted good, but it did not impress me like I thought it would. It was expensive, and not that amazing. I'm glad we tried it but I'm not sure we will be back.Rick Bayless' food deserves a 5-star. I deduct a star for the attitude of one of the employees at the hostess desk. I've eaten here plenty of times as it's my favorite Mexican. Hello? Oaxacan Carne Asada!!! But just recently, I stopped by before heading to the theatre. I came minutes before it officially opened and there was already a small crowd. I approached the desk and told them I had 3 in my party. An employee very briskly and rudely informed me that since there were people who got there before I did, I'd have to wait my turn. He said it loudly and pointed at the people next to me. Nowhere had I demanded that I be placed in front of anybody. That was a wild assumption on his part. I stood there surprised and embarrassed that I was being talked to like I was some kind of prima donna princess. I was only telling them how many people were in my party???!!! His rude assumption and his tone toward me, soured my entire experience.I have been an advent fan of Rick Bayless for a long time and was excited to have my first Frontera experience. I arrived at the restaurant at 4 30 PM on a Thursday and was seated immediately. We ordered the cerviche and oyster combo, table side guacamole, and 3 samplings of the mole.1. Oyster/Cerviche combo- Please keep a note and make sure you order the British Columbia oysters. They were some of the best oysters that I ever ate. Extremely meaty, creamy, and fresh. I always order east coast oysters, but now have a profound new favorite. The cerviche was on point as well. The tuna/mango/guacamole cerviche deemed extremely creative and delicious. 2. Guacamole- It is incredibly easy to screw up guac, but Frontera passes the test with flying colors. Perfect blend of salt, cilantro, lime juice, red onion, and tomato. The avocados were fresh and the taste showed that off nicely.3. 3 Mole Sampler- I would consider myself vetted in Mexican cuisine, especially in the realm of mole. Needless to say, this was my most anticipated dish. Though the flavors were there, the meat was rather dry and tough to chew. The mole sampler was the biggest disappointed and I hope that was due to a off day.Overall Frontera was a good experience that I would recommend to any Mexican cuisine fan. I will certainly be back to try Frontera's wide array of menu options.You must try the Lobster Bisque! We had a great intimate table in a closed of mini room! The waiter was very nice as well and great with my dad! Great service and very fresh fish.Visiting from Toronto for the 2nd time - Chicago is what we hope Toronto is on it's way to becoming.Lunch at the Frontera Grill was tremendous. From the guacamole to the ceviche to the Tuesday special everything was delicious. Service was exceptional as well.Try the in-house vodka -  as vodka enthusiasts we were very please with it.Can't believe this was my first time there!  I live way too close to have not come here before.  My friend and I walked in around 8:30pm expecting there to be a long wait, and there wasn't.  We actually got seated right away.  They did ask us numerous times if we wanted to check our coats, which we found funny.  I think 3 different people asked us in a matter of 3 minutes. We had a cute little two top, only problem is we were squished between two other tables.  Good for eavesdropping I guess.We started the night with some margaritas, took the server's suggestion and went with the Topolo Margarita.  So tasty, and I love that they are shaken and served tableside.  Thought the lemon on the side of the martini glass was odd.  I always think lime with a margarita, but the lemon worked. Next we went with the Bacon Guacamole: (Bacon, spicy morita, grilled onion, smoked tomato, añejo cheese.) Whoa! Bacon in guac!!!  Why didn't I think of that, it was amaze, even the chips they served with it were great.  Very fresh.  They also brought out two salsa's, both of which were enjoyable.  Perfect amount of spice.    We decided to stick with the bacon theme and ordered the Pork Carnitas Queso Fundido (Otter Creek organic cheddar, crunchy pork carnitas, pickled serrano, onion, pickled tomatillo.)  You can never go wrong with cheese, and then they added pork carnitas (bacon) and WHOA again!  I could seriously eat this for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Loved it.  Since we gorged ourselves on cheese, chips and guac we weren't that hungry when it came time to order an entree.  We decided to share the Chicken with Poblanos & Cream (Grilled Gunthorp chicken, wood-roasted poblanos, black kale, roasted Nichols Farm potatoes, homemade crema, homemade smoked fresh cheese).  Tacos were also really good, but I was so full by this time that I barely ate one.  The manager, was super nice and came over a few times to chat with us and go over the menu in detail.  Not going to lie, the highlight of my night was seeing (not even talking) to Rick Bayless.  Not one to get excited about "celebrities" but I mean it Rick Bayless.This was disappointing. Our group of 5 went to Frontera in the middle of September to celebrate a birthday. Waited over an hour and a half for a table, and then almost two hours more once we sat down for food. One of the entrees in our group (the birthday celebrant no less) had to get sent back because everything was served luke-warm, if not cold. I had the King Salmon in Salsa myself - a house specialty. It was good, but certainly nothing to write home about. And not worth waiting almost two hours for. The sentiment at the table was that everything was "fine," but certainly not special. For the price, not worth the visit.*This was from a trip I took back in late August '13. FINALLY posted the review... If you're reading this review in preparation of your dinner, just know ahead of time I'm extremely jealous that you're going and I'm not. Couldn't have been happier with Frontera.We came after the 10:30 am Chicago Architectural Society boat tour (awesome) for a reserved 12:00 lunch. From the second you walk in, you forget that the bustling folks of one of America's largest cities is just to your back, because it is truly a world within a world. Warm yet vibrant, we were excited to dive in!Had to start with the guacamole, which was sublime; creamy, bursting with lime essence, I literally licked the banana leaf it came on clean. The chips were fine, but to be honest they could have served it with tre bark and I would have been equally happy. We wanted to ensure that we experienced the essence of high-end Mexican street food as well as an authentic, hearty entree, so we went with 2 apps and split an entree. We had the sopes rancheros which were so delicious; small cups of soft corn meal filled with rich, slow cooked beef and tender avocado. I could have eaten 20! The queso fundito was the JAM! Let's just say there's no WRONG way to do chorizo and cheese, so when its done the RIGHT way its out of this world. The entree was an outstanding OAXACAN-STYLE CARNE ASADA...no doubt you can taste the quality of the spice-rubbed rib-eye. We're not talkin' Applebee's folks, the animal that birthed this rich, flavorful cut of meat did NOT die in vain. If you're a steak person, its a must get. The dessert was crazy good as well. It was a warm, sweet corn cake served with sweet cream ice cream and some popcorn for that extra umph. It was a perfect thing to share with a loved one, but next time I'm getting my own.Ok. So Rick Bayless is amazing and I love his cookbooks. But this one is better admired from afar. I hate to say it, but Frontera is a letdown.We got several sampler platters since we had a group of 6, and all the entrees were fairly expensive I thought. Thus we got to try a wide variety of dishes, and I can't say any of them were that amazing, or even more remarkable than the better dishes I've made myself from his books. The food as well as the whole experience was fussy and tense, which made it very hard to enjoy myself. As good as he was on Top Chef Masters and writing his books, the few times I've been to Frontera have been enough.I just don't love the no-reservations thing.  Waiting in line for an hour and half, then another 30 minutes for food sort of dulls the food experience for me.My meal was good.  I tried the ceviche and followed with the carne asada brava.  The ceviche was nice, but I expected a bit more flavor.  The beef was well prepared and I especially loved the corn tamal served with it even if I felt it didn't belong on that plate.  The flavor sort of competed with the other components on the plate.  I wanted dessert, but everything was so slow I didn't want to wait another half hour for it.Dear Mr. Bayless,We can finally be friends again!!! I have a love and hate relationship with Frontera Grill due to my food allergies.  Fortunately, Frontera has modified its menu to offer vegan, gluten free, and veggie options. I stopped at Frontera a week ago for lunch.  The food was absolutely delicious.  I ordered the chicken tostadas with vegetarian black beans, cheese, crema, and lettuce on a corn tostada. The tostadas are traditionally served with non-vegetarian black beans and avocado. However, the waitress kindly informed me that the tostadas could be modified to my dietary needs. The tostadas were the perfect portion size and were really filling. For dessert, I had the flan duo which I shared with my party. Everyone raved about the flan. Mr. Bayless, please do not ever remove from your menu the raspberry & lavender flan. It was the most delicious, non-chocolate dessert I have ever ate. Can't wait to go back!DisappointingUncomfortably crowded, poor service, cold food.I expected so much more, the food was served lukewarm to cold. Just awful. The plates were COLD, invest in plate warmers!!!!  Bayless shows all kinds of salsas available when served street food in Mexico, in his restaurant no such salsas served with the majority of his street food selections.  Waitress seemed to delay serving our appetizer in order to get more drink orders, unprofessional.  Relayed our thoughts to the manager, didn't seem to care.Well, they got me once, never again.Tried this place for dinner a few days ago. Did not disappoint!We showed up at around 9 on a Friday night, and only had to wait about 30 minutes for a table (which was surprising, as I heard people make reservations weeks in advance). We started out with the guacamole and chicken taquitos. The guac was mindblowing. The avocados were fresh, with a perfect blend of ingredients. Went on later to have the catfish tacos and salmon - the salmon had a sweet, rich taste to it that I especially enjoyed. Overall, the place had good decor and the servers were quite friendly. Highly recommended! I'll have to try the topolobampo someday - if I can handle the wait!!Great blue agave margarita! Good food and atmosphere. However getting a reservation was insane. We literately spent a half hour on the phone trying to make a reservation. The staff was friendly but also a little all over the place. We of course came in when they opened seeing as it was the only time available in the next month or so. We waited a while before they took our order but other then that the service was good.Mexican food artistry at its finest. The freshness of ingredients, subtle complexity of the spices and presentation all combine for a superb meal. It is hard to get a seat and is rather pricey but for a splurge it is SO worth it. On the simple end, his traditional black beans are simple perfection. Texture and flavor are exactly as I remember from travels in the Mexican interior.The carne asada was not what I expected at all- normally a chewy cheaper cut, this was a gorgeous 1" thick ribeye that was cooked as requested medium rare and melted in my mouth, with a tasty delicious sauce. Served with sweet plantains, guacamole and traditional black beans. Outstanding meal!Tip- Don't be discouraged at lack of reservations, go anyway, put your name on walk-up list and prowl the bar area for open seats. I have been twice on Sat night w/o reservations and found seats both times, once in restaurant and once in bar, where you can order from the full menu.Also only beer and tequila in bar, and prices are very high. Eat here and drink elsewhere.Bayless is worth the wait and the price, no doubt about it!I was sooo excited to try the real deal. After eating at the Frontera (fast-food option) at ORD, I was dying to try the real restaurant. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. We went for lunch/brunch on a weekend (which may have been part of the problem), and it was VERY crowded. Luckily we had a reservation and were seated quickly. I ordered a salad that was very subpar. The dressing had zero flavor. My fiance ordered the steak and eggs and he was pretty satisfied. His only complaint was that it wasn't spicy enough. The weirdest part was that they are connected to XOCO (same chef), but you can't order their famous churos to frontera. You have to walk around to XOCO and order them there (highly recommend those, definitely worth the wait). I might give this place another chance for dinner one day.We had margaritas and snacks at their bar on a Friday night. I absolutely loved the experience. Delicious authentic Mexican snacks, great drinks and barmen was very talkative and friendly. He gave us to try different tequilas and explained the differences: I felt like I just had a tequila 101 class. I loved their design and art on the walls: the dragon hanging from the ceiling totally captured my attention. Can not wait to go back and try more of their food and drinks.One word:  SALTY.Three words:  NOTWORTH IT.We booked a party of 7 a month in advance and will never be back.  The place was packed,  but the clam & scallop ceviche was on an unappetizinfg, slimey green base.  OK taste, GROSS to look at.  The skirt steak was flavorful& tender but  oversalted.  The wait staff is a little slow so it took about 1 1/2 hours to get our meal.  The margaritas are watery.  This is definitely not a do-over.We arrived at 4:30 on a Thursday night and were second in line. They opened the door promptly at 5 and started taking names. I was surprised that they started at 5, but didn't start seating until 5:20. The cynical might mark that as a ploy to get you to go to the bar and buy drinks, but I was going there anyway, so what the hell?The drink selection was great. I had a champagne margarita and my dining companion had the mojito. Both were extremely fresh and well made. Later, with dinner we had the summer margarita and the Paloma Oaxaqueña: again, delicious.The food was one great dish after another. We had guacamole, chips and salsa, and the tamale. Delicious. For our entrees, I had the Poc Chuc, which was just super, and the chiles rellenos, which were transcendent. Seriously, I can't imagine ever ordering chiles rellenos ever again, because they won't even compare.Our service was great; it was a little slow, but I took it as an opportunity to savor the food and the moment. It sounds so cliche to rave so much about a celebrity chef's restaurant, but this one is worth all the expectations.Rick Bayless - you do not disappoint.  We've been in for lunch a few times trying to avoid the sometimes lengthy waits.  However, before the 4th holiday, we decided to stop in for an earlier dinner.  Although the wait was still long (1.5 hrs), we decided to make our way to bar and ended up eating there.  This is not a place to go when you are on a time crunch.  We took a small-plate/tapas approach to dinner.  We shared to try more of Frontera's menu.  First, we did the Old School Trio which included a taquito,tostada and quesdilla.  Each were amazing, but I really liked the taquito with the cream and guacamole.  We also ordered the guacamole because it is one of the best we have ever had.  Spicy and smooth striking that perfect balance between the heat and coolness.  We also tried the shrimp ceviche.  It was tasty, however, both of us noted it was smaller to share.  Needless to say, we devoured the appetizers. For our entree, we did the taco platter: steak, chicken and pork.  They were each wonderful and it was hard to pick a favorite, but the pork was amazing.  The spicy marinade paired with the onions was perfect.  Although the host stand seemed to be overwhelmed and not as welcoming as you might expect, service was otherwise excellent, even at the bar.  The bar tenders poured strong, but balanced cocktails and made sure that our drinks and bellys were full.  We will be back.I usually always have a great visit to frontera at every visit to Chicago on business from Idaho.  They have been great to me and my family even giving my son a tour of the kitchens as he is wanting to be a chef.   But I was disappointed on the service side this past st pattys day on a business trip.  I did walk out because I was served over by my server as he served the women around me and ignored me. The gal at greeting station was awesome but I said I would come back another day. I did she remembered me and it was back on par as the frontera I love.  Just took it as a bad time to go.I have to agree with a lot of other Yelpers, the food was absolutely great, but the wait was awful.  We got there at 4:30 and were #25ish in line (they open at 5).  They told us to come back at 7:30....Went for drinks elsewhere for a while, came back at 7:30 but we weren't seated until 8 pm.  The drinks were really good (I tried the sangria), but the service was sooo slow.  We ordered the apps (try the queso fundido, guac, street food trio - all good for sharing) but our waiter took a long time to come take our food order.  For the main dishes, I split a couple of the tacos with another person.  That was a good plan - the meat comes in a dish and you portion your own tacos, all were very good and it was nice to try a bunch of different ones.If they started taking reservations, I would come back in a heartbeat, but I don't like waiting in line and then waiting several hours for a table...and then waiting a long time for food.  247/365Don't believe the hype. This place is a tourist trap and the food is average at best. I took my Mom here for her birthday as she heard all the hype about this place, and is a fan of Bayless. Not having reservations we arrived early and got in line with about 40 other people thinking wow the food is going to be phenomenal, wrong! We were lucky to get a table, but upon entering the restaurant we were immediately ushered into the bar to wait another 25 minutes to be seated. I decided to order a drink. Bad idea, I asked the bar tender to make me a margarita on the rocks and what I got was 5 ice cubes stacked in a tall glass with a watered down mixture that was not a margarita. Finally we get seated at out table, and with all the people standing around waiting to be seated made for a loud and uncomfortable experience. We ordered our meals off the actual entrée side of the menu thinking this is going to be great! Maybe we should have order from the Street Side? We received  our food about an hour after ordering. My husbands meal (quesadilla and chile green beans) was cold and my mothers looked like it was prepared for a tiny elf to eat in a small little pot. She had the bean and chicken tacos. The staff seemed overwhelmed and I had a plate dropped at my feet while the staff was cleaning the table next to us. Also, my husbands water glass had a chip at the rim of the glass. Overall this place was truly a disappointment as it's over priced, and the food was mediocre at best. Had a better meal the week before at La Cantina.the food was amazing-the guacamole was perfect, the salsas were the best ever-very fresh- and mole lived up to its popularity. The special on Friday was a short rib dish with mashed potatoes and green beans...very very good.  Our SA was very informative and friendly, more so than the servers, and he gave us the scoop on the other two Rick Bayless restaurants next door.  Would have eaten there every night during our three night Chicago trip.Deeeeelicious. Whenever we go to Chicago we try to make reservations a couple months in advance. Last time we didn't; my bad. We were first in line at the door and got seated in the bar, which actually was a lot better than I'd feared; the tables there were pretty much like in the rest of the restaurant. The place is loud -- all of it. But we love the food so much. Bayless' specialty is to take things that individually might not taste all that great but combine them in ways that are fabulous. And the drinks. Totally worth it: the blue agave margarita (not sweet at all), the champagne margarita, the tamarind margarita, and the Mexican mojito. Another reviewer regretted getting the mole trio instead of just the mole enchiladas. Having had both, I agree the chicken enchiladas are the best part, though another in our party thought the pork was.Worth Every Penny! Rather pricey, but darn good food & drinks! It's a must for anyone that visit's Chicago. Be sure to get there early, the wait can be absurd.Enjoy!My brother and I had heard great things about this place so we decided to check it out for dinner while visiting Chicago. We went around 8 PM on a random weeknight and it was packed. We waited for about 45 minutes before being seated. Maybe because it was busy, but it took forever for someone to give us a menu, pour us waters, and then even longer for someone to come around and take our orders. We decided to order the  Tacos al Carbon (with duck), Street Food Trio, and Red Chile Kale. The Tacos al Carbon with duck was delicious! Definitely the highlight of the meal! The duck was perfectly cooked and juicy, the corn tacos, delicious, and the guacamole, fresh and full of nice avocado flavor. I only wish there were more tacos since we really stuffed as much as we could in there and still ran out of tacos too quickly. The Street Food Trio was okay and a bit overpriced for what it was. I enjoyed the Potosinas in it, but that's probably because Frontera Grill uses awesome avocados. For the most part, the flavors were fairly standard. The Red Chile Kale was interesting. I liked the texture and the mix of flavors, but wasn't wowed by the chile sauce on it. Glad I got to check out a Rick Bayless restaurant and I'd come back for tacos, but can't say that Frontera Grill is worth the hype.Amazing Lunch!We came in for a 9pm reservation and were greeted with great service. Our sever recommended some fabulous drinks to get the party started. The guacamole and chips were tasty- definitely recommend!  My party of 6 ordered a wide variety of dishes and everyone left satisfied. We had meat eaters, vegetarians and some people just looking to drink-everyone was pleased. Great for groups. Make reservations in advance as they book up early!Loved it!  Went here for dinner last night and it was fantastic.- Guacamole was unbelievably fantastic, and they served it for free at the table!  Much appreciated.- The sangria was very very tasty- I had one of the carne asada dishes as my meal and it was SO FREAKING DELICIOUS!  It was the higher one on the menu with the chili sauce lol.- For dessert I had the chocolate cakeish type thing with tequilla ice cream dish.  It tasted different from anything that I've ever tasted before.  I loved it.Everyone I was with loved their meal as well.  Smiles all around!  Highly recommend if you're in the area.  The prices are fairly reasonable as well considering the high quality you receive.  Parking was terrible - just give up immediately and valet.It looks, tastes and smells like Mexico. Yum!Share the Old School Frontera Trio & Street Food Trio if you are craving "Antojitos". The Chocolate Capuccino is a MUST ( Intelligentisa Black Cat espresso & Oaxacan chocolate steamed with hot milk)This place doesn't need another review, of course, but let me say:The food is awesome. The service at the front of the house is a disaster. WHAT IS THE DEAL? Did this restaurant open last week?? (No. It did not.) We got there when it opened on a weeknight, and it just seemed like a total mess - staff yelling at each other, staff getting exasperated with customers, customers all being exasperated all the time, people getting seated in a random order, tons of empty tables and tons of people waiting...yikes. It was really disorganized, and I was not impressed.(The margaritas, however, are excellent, and the food is very good, though pricey of course. No complaints at all about the food. Our waiter was fine. But man...the host staff. What.)Saturday Brunch, here we go!  Sat immediately and waited for our server. Took him a long freakin time to ever stop by and see us. I'd say... 6-7 minutes? Too long either way. I ordered a signature 'Rita. It was good, but super small for the price. Like a 6oz pour for $12? I'll have water from here on out, thanks. Ordered the Guac and salsa. Guac was really fresh tasting and was decent. I ordered the Veggie Enchiladas with Mole. LOVED it! Great texture on the enchiladas and rich flavor from the Mole. Of the 4 of us, I think mine was the best. Look forward to trying more of the menu and would love to come back for a dinner.Ate here once. Loved it! Food was delicious!!  Everyone has to try their ceviche at least once. Definitely coming backHave eaten here on several occasions; usually try to pair it with an early dinner before a show for a special night out.  First tip, arrive around 4:30-4:45, before they open & line gets too long outside, and you can get a table without too long a wait, or spot at the bar (food also served there).  All the ceviches we've tried have been wonderful; Frontera guac also excellent.  Topolo Margaritas are their classic, wonderful & potent in a way that sneaks up on you, so beware :)...another tip, we usually end up grazing the appetizers, maybe or maybe not getting one entree to share.  On the whole it's pricey, but tastes are really out of this world complex and wonderful.  Favorites from our last visit: Shrimp in Verde, Sopas Rancheros, Venomous Pintos.  Yum.  Yum.  Yum.  The on-staff mixologist was also quite entertaining, and the space, ambience lively & arty.  Dinner here always makes for an extra-special fun night out.Rick Bayless is definitely one of my favorite chefs.  He's such a down to earth guy and always making delicious looking food on PBS.  After he won top chef master's I knew I had to eventually make a stop at Frontera since I pass through Chicago at least once a year.  Well, now was finally the time.Frontera is a very large restaurant, essentially with two wings.  One side is the bar with couples seating, the other side is more of the sit down restaurant for larger parties.  The tables are packed pretty close together and the place was very packed when we came in.  We ordered the just made tortilla chips w/salsa, bayless garden salad, mole trio, old school frontera trio and sopa de frutas for dessert.  The tortilla chips were indeed fresh, warm, obviously homemade and good but a little under salted.  The Bayless garden salad was fantastic and the star of this dish were the green tomatoes.  They were so incredibly sweet, I could have eaten a gigantic bowl full of them alone.  The mole trio was fan freaking tastic, layers of complex flavors that you knew were made with many ingredients.  My least favorite was the yellow mole and if I had to order a single dish, hands down it would be the black mole.  Out of the old school frontera trio, my favorite was the mexico city style quesadillas, oh my god were they good, the cheese was fantastic and it was so flavorful.  Dessert was pretty standard, the pistachio sorbet was so rich you could have passed it as ice cream.  Although I do wish the amount of sorbet was greater since the dish was loaded with rhubarb and strawberries.Although service was a little spotty from the waitstaff (he was hard to get a hold of) the service from the kitchen was efficient.  Needless to say Frontera is hands down the best Mexican food I've had yet.Had tried going to this place a couple times and it was a two hour wait so we finally made a reservation.  Was definitely worth it.  Great food and great service.  You can either get some small plates to share kinda like tapas otherwise they also have good entrees.  Everything we had here was good and different then any mexican food I've ever had before.I was talked into coming here by my mother who is fairly obsessed with Rick Bayless. I do not know much about his food but had his restaurant talked up. I will admit, while very delicious.. the hype made it a little less impressive.The wait time is absolutely ridiculous. We waited for a good hour, went down the street to an Irish pub (which was awesome) and had a few drinks. We then returned for another hour of waiting (and more drinks). Finally, we were seated. This place is crazy busy at all times. By 7, the wait had become 3 or more hours. So don't plan on coming here unless you have a senior citizen dinner time (like us) or you've made reservations at least 4 months in advance.That being said, our food was very good. The salsa was fairly spicy but the guacamole was very well prepared! I actually prefer the street food above the actual entrees. The fresh corn tamale had a sweet flavor to it which enhanced the poblano peppers. Very good!We also had some sort of trio. I highly recommend this is it's a good opportunity to try different things. While I don't remember all of the dishes, I do recall a very good pork roasted fajita with a mole sauce. The best part of all of this was the blood orange margarita prepared at the table. Maybe it was just very well mixed or maybe we were just super drunk at this point (from all of the waiting) that it just was THAT appealing. Who knows.We visited the restaurant a few days ago and were pleasantly surprised. Being a vegetarian I was a little worried they wouldn't have anything for me but I was wrong! I had the Spicy Chipotle Mushrooms with corn tortillas and black beans. The entire meal was flavorful. My daughter (2 yrs) had a quesadilla with rice. The rice was prepared simple but was still great. The overall experience was rated as 3 stars because the servers that day were not very attentive. It took the server a while to get our drink order and a while to return with said drinks. It was not easy to get his attention when we needed small things like extra silverware.  This place is more suited for adults and not children. If I returned again I would leave our child with a sitter.One of the best meals in Chicago at an affordable price.First off, here is how to get a reservation - call on a weekday as soon as they open. You will usually be able to get a reservation for a weekday night at 8:30 two weeks out no problem. They only give a limited number of reservations, but they do take walk ins.I absolutely love the taco platter. It is the perfect size for two people to share as an entree and it is a great way to try a little of everything.I like to finish my meal with the hot chocolate which is slightly spicy and great on a cold Chicago night.First time to this place was last weekend with a friend in town visiting. We arrived at 4:45pm on Saturday with no reservations. We waited in line and were able to get in fairly quickly. by 6pm we were seated in the bar area, it is very crowded in this area. They are good about getting you served quickly at the bar so you at least have a drink in hand. The margaritas were awesome (strong! but good) We had the guacamole, and the small tamales to share. The tamale was spicy but really good. I choose the Old School trio platter that included quesadillas, ceviche and taquitos, this was amazing! I was so full and it was delish! My friend got the shrimp dish that came with rice and tortillas to make mini tacos.This place is amazing, it is truly an experience. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. It is worth the wait and I would definitely return.Great food, great service, and GREAT coffee.  Huevos FTW.I planned a lady's night out here with two other girls to finally see what the hoopla is all about:)  Of course, I had high expectations and with the wait the anticipation of having the greatest meal ever growing in my head.  I have to say overall, this place is a lot of fun and has delicious food.We got there about forty five minutes before the Restaurant opened to stand in line outside to be able to put our name in when we entered.  When the line started moving we were finally addressed by a hostess who told us it would be a 30-40 minute wait and asked if we had any preference for seating.  Basically, you won't have to wait as long if you sit in the lower level.  We were fine with sitting wherever as long as we got to try this place! We sat at the very crowded bar and ordered up some margaritas.  You can tell the margaritas are not made from a mix.  They are not as sweet if you're used to a mix.  I loved them, although they were pretty pricey considering the size, so my reasoning is that you're paying for the quality of the ingredients and preparation of the drink.   When we did sit down we were in the basement which is not as vibrant and colorful, but has its own charm as the first level.  There were several groups sitting around us and it was actually more intimate to talk to people.  If you have a large group it may be best to request this area, because you'll be able to engage everyone in your party more easily.The menu looks great so we just start ordering things up.  Per the suggestion of the waitress we ordered for table sharing vs just our own dish allowing us the capability to try more things.  The food was great overall, I was not incredibly wowed by anything like I have never had something like this before, but it was all done very well.  For the pork it was tender, for the chicken dishes it was flavorful and so on.I would recommend going with a larger group, but at the same time you'll have to wait.  So plan for that and you'll all be satisfied:)Food is good but not worth the wait took for ever to get menus I ended up asking for the menu from another table I asked for water took literally about 30 min to get it I ordered the old school frontera trio and asked for extra chicken tacos instead I got bean tacos which I didn't even ordered. Food is too over price there are plenty of other restaurants in Chicago were the food is amazing the place is wonderful and the bathrooms are not dirty this place is not that great if they over charged for food and drinks you would think they put the money towards the bathrooms or something else maybe better waiters I do not recommended at all not to mention we had a reservation and we still had to wait an hour to be seated I thought that's why u make reservations so you wouldn't have to wait. Rick Bayless your food is ok but not worth the wait. Honestly the best thing probably was the chips and salsa as an appetizer. The tostadas are just a chip and a scoop of tasteless ceviche guacamole was tasteless "DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A WONDERFUL MEAL"It is good. I think my expectations for the mole might have ruined it. Got the mole trio, but wish I would have just gotten the enchilada mole. It tasted better than the pork one.I enjoyed the appetizers the best. Queso fundido, frontera cheviche and sopas. All very delicious. Couldn't leave without tasting the flan. Yum!1,148 reviews...should tell you something. Rick Bayless just looks NICE - look at his website! If you read my reviews, you know by now I have a pathetic addition for great salsa. This place ranks as some of the best. 8 of us. Feeding frenzy...Edgar is one super amazing server - knows everything about the menu and can pronounce items I could only point to and look unintelligent.Great portions to share, amazing variety, excellent atmosphere...some of the BEST tortilla chips I've ever eaten.Plantains were like dessert. Negra Modelo on draft. I tried to lay down on the bench cushion after the meal but i was afrad I would fall asleep. We started at the bar and Gerardo created some masterful cocktails. When I said I loved salsa, he gave me a BOWL of this super hot green salsa. I almost passed out - it was a wee bit explosive for me - probably better for mixing with the other salsas.Reasonable prices. very...whoever said "expensive" should just go to Chipotle or Taco Bell...seriously...I am a Mexican from Texas that traveled to Chicago just to go to Frontera. I have been watching Rick's show since middle school with my mom, amazed at his knowledge about the culture and food. He makes dishes that we don't even know about and we are true non chicano Mexicans. All I have to say is................The bomb!!!!!!!!!! Rick Bayless and his crew do a fantastic job of creating authentic Mexican food with a twist. I really wanted to try the tunita cocktail but it was not on the menu when I went. I had the paloma instead but it was too spicy for me. THeir chilaquiles, carne asada, trio, and desserts are great. I had the pastel de datiles y coco with modelo ice cream.It's worth the wait! This is my second time and its just as good as the first time!  This time we came for lunch and were seated promptly (we had reservations).  We brought first timers (locals too) and their reaction was that this was a top meal.Started with ceviche and guacamole.  The guacamole was good but nothing spectacular (traditionally something I don't even like to order).  The ceviche was amazing.  The squid and shrimp was so fresh and meaty.  The lemon/lime juice was incredible especially when paired with the salty tortilla chips.  By far best app we ordered.For my meal I got the chicken milanesa.  The chicken was cut thinly, battered and fried.  The chicken was tender and topped with this incredible green avocado tomatillo sauce.  The real kicker was the purple hued red bean refritos (red beans cooked with pork fat and topped with cheese).  All of this on an fresh made tortilla and this was an amazing meal!Best Mexican food I've ever had.  We ordered a Tuna Ceviche -  citrisy and spicy at the same time.  VERY flavorful. (Those who like more mild flavors may find this one a bit overwhelming.)Lamb soft taco - Such great flavor.  This one seems underrated on Frontera's yelp reviews.  If you like lamb and strong flavors definitely give this a try.  Small portion though, makes about 3 soft taco's max.Oaxacan-style Carne Asada - Amazing: juicy, tender with a side of guacamole, beans and fried plantains. I was in heaven.Agua de Jamaica tea - I took a chance in ordering this and I loved it.  I think this was supposed to be hibiscus tea.  It tastes like chinese Haw Flakes (a dried fruit roll up like circular snack the size of a quarter) but in a drink.  Love it.The service was great.  Our server was informative, polite, friendly and quite attentive considering how busy they were.Bathrooms are located on the bar side, not restaurant side.  Best moment of the night? That had to be the moment when my 4+ years of Spanish classes failed me as I walked up to the bathroom doors to find only the words "damas" and "caballeros".  Aw crap. What happened to the little silhouettes of the girl in a skirt and guy in pants?! ... Tip: if you are a nonspanish reading woman who can only get as far as "baño"....well...your baño is the first door (the one that looks like it says "dame") as you are definitely not a caballero...I had heard a lot about Frontera and was excited to try it. Its honestly just an overpriced trendy restaurant. My bill was $100 (that was my share) and I was not happy with the quality of food I received. There were two things I enjoyed - the Puoc Chuc and queso fresca. And of course, their margaritas are yummy and will knock you on your ass. As far as things like Duck In Pasilla-huitlacoche Sauce, ceviches and oysters - those are not worth it.Being a native Southern Californian I AM AN EXPERT ON MEXICAN FOOD!Now that we have that established I can label this place as a SOLID Mexican joint.Yes, it is quite expensive and fancy...but it is GOOD!!We like many others stood in line to put our name down for a table of 7 and were told to return in about 2 hours.  In the meantime we had some apps at the bar and were able to try their drinks.We had all three of the guacamole as well as the ceviche sampler...all were excellent!!For dinner we did it tapas style as the food is quite expensive and served family style.We did one steak, one enchilada, a fish dinner and a few others.The enchilada was one of my favorite dishes and hence we ordered a second. The steak was great too--but huge and should be shared.Over all a very flavorful experience which was a great twist on authentic Mexican food.The ceviche is the best I've ever had. And by that I mean one of the best things I have ever tasted in my life. The main courses I tried were beyond expectations as well. The cocktails are ingenious. Note that everything except the 'street food' section of the menu is pricey, but completely worth the price. Oh, and the staff is polite, funny, and alert. LOVEI may have spied into Rick Bayless' backyard (please don't call the cops) but oddly enough, I had never been to Frontera until my boss' quest for good guac brought us here.  What an excellent way to make my usual homespun lunches look like crap.  Thanks.The guac hit the spot as did the cucumber ginger mojito I washed it down with.  Of the ceviche trio, the shrimp/calamari one was my favorite, though very tentacley.  Maybe I'm into that sort of thing.  I had the mole poblano enchiladas, which are a small appetizer order,  and the tortilla soup.  The soup was delicious and perfect on a cold and nasty day and the mole was very good as well.  I joined the clean plate club.  Others enjoyed the street food trio, tamale special, huitlacoche enchiladas and pork tacos.  Then there were the desserts... possibly unnecessary at lunch time but boy were they good.  The chocolate ganache cake made a chocolate lover out of me, and the flan duo and bunelos were also solid choices.  Our server was very knowledgeable and attentive and at 1:30 pm, the place was not crowded at all, so apparently later afternoon weekday is a good time to go.  I just can't go five stars because of the price but I'd come back for a cocktail and some guac after work on a particularly tough day.I now understand why it was not as easy as one might expect to get reservations for dinner two months before our visit to Chicago.  We tried several different dishes and the flavors were fantastic.  Everything we had tasted perfect.  The guacamole was creamy, empanadas were tasty, and the enchiladas were excellent.  I can't think of enough good things to say about our dinner at Frontera Grill.  Even the service was excellent.  We may have ordered (and eaten) a little too much, but were too many good choices on the menu.Normally when I'm in that region of the country, I avoid Mexican eateries.  I live in San Diego where there's good Mexican food on every street so I just wait till I get home.I'm definitely going back next time I'm in Chicago.Out of all of the iron chef restaurants that I have eaten at including Morimoto, Butter, Mesa Grill, and Babbo, this has to be my favorite! We walked in on a Tuesday night around 7:30pm with no reservations. Although the wait was longer than expected, about an hour which was longer than the 45 minutes that they had told us, the food was well worth the wait!My friend and I started off with their cocktails, ordering a Topolo Margarita and a Blood Orange Margarita. Both were great, extremely tasty...and a great way to cleanse our palate before eating dinner.For dinner, we ordered the Mole Trio and the Oaxacan-Style Carne Asada. - Mole Trio: I really enjoyed the poblano enchilada out of the trio. It was my first time eating Mole, boy do I love it. It was everything I had heard about, full of complex and deep flavor and after eating that dish I can see how complex Mexican flavors can be. Out of the trio, my least favorite was the roasted veggies in green peanut mole. Overall, next time I would probably try another dish.- Carne Asada: Steak was OUT OF THIS WORLD good. My steak was cooked perfectly medium. Making tacos with the steak, beans, plantains, and guacamole was like having heaven in my mouth. My only complaint was that I wished that they included a side of rice, which I chose to order on the side. For any first timers to this restaurant, I definitely definitely recommend ordering this dish!For dessert, my friend and I shared the chocolate cocounut cake. I have to say that this dessert added the cherry on top for this perfect dinner. I don't know what it was, but the combination of sweet, salty, warm, and cold was absolutely perfect. This must of been one of the best desserts I have ever had.Overall, Frontera Grill had amazing food whose hype didn't let me down. When I come back to Chicago, I definitely plan on stopping by this restaurant again!I love Rick Bayless. His cookbooks are my go-to's for Mexican cooking. I hate having to say something negative about him because I truly think he is a talented chef. Perhaps Frontera was at one point authentic and delicious but that time has passed. The whole experience felt corporate like the Mexican version of Cheesecake Factory or the Mexican restaurant in Epcot.  Unlike most diners we got lucky and we got a table within minutes on a busy Friday night due to a cancellation. If we had to wait an hour or two I think I would have been irate when the $400 bill arrived because everything was so terribly mediocre. First, as for drinks, the little novelty where the margaritas are mixed at the tables is lame and pandering. I felt like I was in Epcot center. And, who serves margaritas in tiny martini glasses? Also, shouldn't the servers ask if we want the drinks on the rocks, w/ or w/o salt? Whether they should or they shouldn't, the feeling I got was that they didn't care. The service was rushed, with waiters and helpers tossing the plates on the table regardless of drinks and things in the way, and spitting out a fast explanation of what was what and running away. They did take their time to upsell us on everything though -- more drinks, more desserts, more after-dinner drinks -- asking many many times.A lot of folks seem to talk about the margaritas but they were too sweet in my opinion no real umph, just like the food which was completely blah. No real spice or deep flavor. Very one-note and not one thing would I consider "hot." The street food appetizer platter tasted like fried crap in frozen boxes from Cosco and the moles were all sweet without any depth. We ordered quite a bit:* guac and chips -- no big deal, chips very thick* ceviche sampler -- eh, only the tuna with sundried tomatoes was memorable* streetfood sampler - see above* mole trio -- all sweet, no depth * chicken in green sauce -- bland and unmemorable; wish it wasn't just a piece of grilled chicken and was more of a roasted or stewed chicken* roast duck -- the best thing we ordered but the cuts of the duck were very very fatty and there was very little actual meat on the plateOverall a complete disappointment. If you like authentic Mexican, skip it. This place is unfortunately way way past its prime.Frontera Grill... how do I rate you?  Came here with a friend who strives to eat paleo.  If you're not familiar with it, google is your best friend.Let's get to the food yo:-Yucatecan Ceviche - we shared this.  Had a good amount of citrus and flavor.  This was definitely high quality ceviche.-Oaxacan-style Carne Asada - okay so this was technically her meal, but I tried a bite and would've probably rated Frontera a 4 star if I had gotten this for my dish.  Que sera sera.-Suckling pig special - This actually had pretty great flavor, but I found the pork somewhat chewy toward the end.  The flavors were there, I just couldn't find it in me to finish the meat.  That's saying a lot.Dessert, because who doesn't love a little gluttony?-Homemade ice cream with topping on the side - again, technically not mine, but definitely tasty.-Paw paw - yes I know there are lots of words before the paw paw, but I have no idea what they are.  I thought this was okay.  The best part were the bites mixed in with ice cream.  I was thrown when I ordered this because the waitress commented that this dated back to the days of dinosaurs.  Um... what?  I wasn't aware that men and dinosaurs cohabitated and made delicious desserts together.  Maybe I misunderstood what she was saying.Overall I thought it was good, but I'd probably prefer Mercadito.  To be fair, I didn't try the tacos here which is what I had there.I've eaten here twice and the food and drinks are VERY good.  The ceviche is my favorite and I'm picky when it comes to ceviche.  The reason I am only giving it 3 stars is because I am taking the wait into consideration.   Even though the food and service is top notch I am not sure it's worth a 2 hour wait.  If you can get in without waiting, then this is a place is a don't miss.What I'm basing this review on: Frontera guacamole Frontera ceviche Carne asada "brava"Duo De flanesEverything was just...ok. I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican food so perhaps I can't fully appreciate the whole experience. The guac which some of my friends rave about was underwhelming (and tiny in portion), a motif for the entire meal. On the plus side the drinks were excellent. I had the gold margarita (or something like that) which as very tasty. OK experience with high prices. Since it's so famous I'll probably give it another shot sometime soon.Frontera Grill and Topolobampo (its twin, in the same building) are my favorite places to eat on earth, bar none. This is authentic Mexican cuisine (not Tex-Mex!) at its best.Rick Bayless, the owner and creative mastermind, is no absentee celebrity chef. He lives in Chicago and is at the restaurant more often than he's not. (He and Deann, his wife, ate at the table next to ours last night.) His attitude seems to be that the US has more to learn from Mexico than Mexico has to learn from the US. That's unusual for a guy who grew up in Oklahoma City, but hey, it's an unusual place.I go for three things when I eat there. A wonderful cocktail, ceviche, and something with a mole sauce. Give me that, with their amazing preparation and fresh ingredients, and I'm transported to heaven.I had a cocktail last night with a great mescal base instead of tequila, with a Meyer lemon wedge for citrus. It was fabulously smoky. The standard Topolo margarita is amazing, too. The seasonal margaritas vary, and are lovely. Now it's a blood-orange margarita. In the summer they have had one with cucumber juice and a floated cilantro leaf. Yum.The ceviches are fresh, creative, unique -- just bursting with flavor combinations and freshness. Killer stuff.I always order an entree with mole on it. Mole is one of the great foods on earth, and the menu here typically has two or three entrees topped with different moles. If they have a black mole, I generally get that, but if it's mole poblano, red mole, or mole Amarillo, even, I'm there. It is the definition of a special meal.The sommelier here, by the way, is helpful and useful, without a hint of condescension. It's easy for her to find a glass or bottle to pair nicely with your meal.Everything about this place is amazing.  The guacamole and chips, appetizers and entrees are the best money can buy in terms of Mexican cuisine.  The menu changes on a quarterly basis.  The best Mexican food I've eaten which features different Mexican regions.  It's a special place  which I usually reserve for special occasions.I think the overall ranking of this place should be three stars, so I'm trying to balance things out a little.I was very disappointed by this place. My first shot was brunch on Saturday morning.  We waited for about an hour and when we were finally seated I felt like I was in a cafeteria with sticky tables. We first ordered drinks and I made the mistake of asking for a flavored margarita with Mezcal. The drink was so sweet I had to return it (it tasted as if someone filed half the glass with corn syrup) for a plain margarita that was ok. We wound up getting the appetizer trio and I ordered one of the egg dishes as my entree. All in all, the food was uninspiring.My second visit was for lunch with co-workers. The place was about half full and it took 25 minutes for our food to arrive from the moment we ordered. The guacamole came a little earlier. I ordered the enchiladas with huitlacoche and, once again, I was terribly disappointed by the food. I get that they use great ingredients, though the mushrooms were seriously lacking in flavor, but it seems like the cooks are half-assing everything. Apart from the fact that the concept of this dish was off, so was the execution. The dish arrived lukewarm, the mole didn't taste fresh and the special tortilla was soggy (not in a good way). It's like they're going through the motions of cooking the recipes without putting any soul to it.All in all, do yourself a f(l)avor and go to Xoco next door, which has much better food. I won't be coming here again.Very lackluster experience, including service, atmosphere and food. Having lived in Chicago for more than 8 years and hearing such positive things, this surprised me. In a city with so many (better) options- I certainly don't intend to go back.Service and atmosphere: up to par with something I would expect from the neighboring Rain Forest Cafe. At first I couldn't understand the 1.5 hour wait. It made sense once we sat down and it took about 15 minutes to even be given water. Another 15 to have our appetizer and drink order taken. In all, we saw our server roughly 3 times during the 2 hours we sat there, such a minimal showing that I can't accurately report on his actual service. However that level of service enables a ridiculously long wait at the hostess stand. We had only been standing at the hostess stand for a short while when a friend leaned over and described the place quite well: 'tourist trap.' Agreed. The food was sub par. We had the Frontera Guac, which was seemingly tasteless. If you're going for the guac, don't. Adobo Grill has much better guac and you don't have to wait nearly 2 hours for it.The ceviche was likely the only redeeming factor of the meal. Good- but nothing I would wait in a 2-hour line for. The queso fundido was good, but such a small portion. I would much rather head to Uncle Julios and get a reasonable sized portion (and we only had 3 people in our party!). I maybe got 2 bites out of it.Pork shoulder tacos. Meant to be an app- it was basically dried up pork shoulder with beans and a side of rice. It was less than tasty. A fellow companion had the duck tacos and said it was cooked well, but it was cold. Apparently our food had to wait in line to get to our table, too. All in all- I wont be back. There are too many Mexican restaurants in Chicago that are so much better. Better service, better food and better atmosphere.OMG save yourself some time and make a reservation!Came here a couple of days ago with some friends from out of town. We were a party of six and went there on a whim at around 7 pm. The wait was estimated to be about 2 hours since we didn't have a reservation. No probs, though, we hoofed it to a nearby pub but then we got a call just about 40 minutes later that a table had opened. Awesome!I had the sopes rancheros (no cheese, please!) with a side of rice and beans. The sopes were super tiny!!! Like, the size of half dollar coins, I'm not joking. But they were amazeballs! They tasted like my mom's ground beef tostadas. The black beans were pretty alright but the rice was so good, really spicy which surprised me. But in a good way. :)I didn't have dessert, but took a little bite from someone's chocolate pecan pie. Dang, that's good stuff!Super huge shout out to our waitress *Carla* who took the time to explain the different tequilas and mezcals and offered suggestions and just made us all have a really nice experience.Very good, casual Mexican...I was surprised to find legit Mexican food in Chicago, of all places, but they offered very authentic dishes in a really nice laidback setting.Make reservations months in advance, seriously.If you're from a border state and visiting Chicago, you can probably skip Frontera without missing anything... but if you're from a northern state then you should definitely visit to sample real Mexican dishes.I had not been here in over 10 years, and when I revisited the place last week, it was better than I remembered.  I went with a group of my girl cousins for a night out and so we were able to taste a few dishes.  We started out with a few appetizers...shrimp in aguachile (YUM), guacamole, ceviche trio, and chips with different salsas.  The Topolo margarita was awesome as was the shot (?) we had.  I don't remember what is was, but it was good. Some of the entrees ordered were the 2 different carne asadas...Oaxacan and Bravo and a chicken dish.  The Oaxacan was by far the best!  You can't go wrong with it.  For dessert, I believe we had the flan sampler and home made ice cream.  Delicious!I had the most enjoyable experience at Frontera Grill. I was intimidated by some of the menu items, and our server had someone come to talk to me about my preferences and concerns. I was pushed a little outside my comfort zone, and I was very pleased at the outcome. Bonus - the drinks are very good, too!This place has been masterfully marketed and Bayless has been one of the most recognized names on the Chicago food scene for years (I always see his show on channel 11) but make no mistake this is not all its cracked up to be. My experience with Mexican food has been simple. As a child, I remember eating elotes from the food cart in the park and homemade Mexican dinners that would put me in a coma for hours. I've had every type of "meat/tortilla combo you can name throughout the years. I make my own salsa and put way too much tapatio on everything I eat. I'm no expert (I did share the meal here with who would be though of as expert though, he wasn't impressed), but if there is something I know, its Mexican food.In addition, I am not afraid to pay 5 star prices for a 5 star meal once in a while, but when the value/cost is so out of balance, I have to speak up. I not only did I leave still feeling hungry, I also wasn't all that impressed with the rich "authentic" Mexican flavors Mr. Bayless always talks about. I still give Frontera three stars because some of the flavors were good (the guac trio was excellent). For all the hype that goes along with this place, I just don't taste what all the fuss is about. The food is RELATIVELY good, if your experience with Mexican is fairly limited then I guess I could see the flavors being amazing. This definitely isn't your local Pepe's but I was left empty. The ceviche was good but a little less than a shot glass was served as part of the appetizer. The rest of my meal was less memorable than the bill we received in the end.There are many other places that have considerably better Mexican food. I hear a new  place just opened down the street... In the end, its just too much trouble for above-average (at best) Mexican food. i think people tend to buy into their own hype when it comes to certain restaurants.For all of the hype of this place, I was underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong, the service was fantastic and the food was solid but for the prices, I was expecting above and beyond awesomeness and Frontera left me hanging. Margaritas were pricey and ordinary, chips were disappointing and tasted like they were right out of the bag from the grocery store. All of this being said, I did have 2 likes. The Goose Island House Beer was good and the Smoky Creamy Spicy Mushrooms were amazing, but I felt like I could have sat at a bar somewhere and eaten these two things and enjoyed myself much more. If you are looking for an expensive, fancy restaurant in this neighborhood there are plenty. Walk past this one.Frontera has been my NYE dinner for the past several years. It is a great, less pricey alternative to Topolo (which I also love), and it always has impeccable service and food. If you can't get reservations at Topolo or are looking for a less expensive meal, definitely give Frontera a try. It has yet to disappoint me.This review will be strictly about service. I made a reservation 3 months ago for today, March 9, 2013.  I called this morning to confirm my reservation since they hadn't called to do so.  The girl on the other end said there was no such reservation, she then said she would get her manager on the phone. The manager said that a reservation was never put in. He said there was little he could do because another reservation had already been put in its place.  He said "I can't do anything.  Do you want me to call those people and cancel their reservation" Really? Isn't that essentially what was done to me? I called, made a reservation (or so I thought) and an employee who obviously didn't do their job never put it in. The manager told me to show up around 5:00pm and they would TRY to get us in. I have been waiting 3 months to eat at this place. I know how hard it is to get in without a wait, so I made a reservation well in advanced to avoid a wait time. Needless to say, we will not be eating here. I would suggest calling a few days after making your reservation to verify that it was indeed put it.  What if we had just shown up? Would they have turned us away? Sucks because I was really looking forward to it.Let me put it out first that their guac is not good. although i end up having it everytime i am there. don't get me wrong - i love the chef.Everything else is awesome. If you love mezcal get the oaxacan gold or the paloma.Some of the dishes come with a green mole sauce with peanut flavor - it is very interesting. Their sopes rancheros (the round corn boats) is excellent. The carne asada brava is orgasmic. The mole trio i expected to be more mind blowing.And right after new year they had a special dessert which they don't carry anymore - it came with ice cream, custard, fruits candied in liquor...and so far the most memorable dessert i have had in chicago. i wish i remembered the name.A very reliable restaurant that would not let you down in food.P.S. If they offer you a table at the bar, tell them you will wait for a table. I have never waited more than 10 mins. They try to fill the bar up for some reason passing understanding.Haven't been here in almost 2 decades. Visiting from Seattle and enjoyed the old school Frontera Trio and Mole Trio. Perfect on a cold Chicago night. Paired with several local IL draughts. Traveling solo so the chef's counter was a nice option. Walked back to my hotel satisfied.I will start by saying that I am a big fan of Rick Bayless.  The driving factor of this rating is the complete lack of value at his restaurant.  I will continue to buy Frontera Salsa, watch his show on occasion, and try his other restaurants, but not this one.  We started with 2 and a half hour wait.  In hindsight, this place was not worth a wait that long.  Maybe a 40 minute wait is acceptable.The food was good but not nearly worth the money.  These are seemingly simple and cheap ingredients that should never cost this much.  The atmosphere was cramped and very loud.We'll try the place next store (which Rick Bayless owns) next time.This review is for brunch. Went there on a Sunday afternoon. Waited in line behind what seemed to be a bunch of tourists who read about how brilliant brunch was at Frontera Grill. Definitely not worth any wait or the cost. Over-priced, over-touted dishes are simple and trite. Nothing unique or special, except for perhapsBelieve what you read.  Rick Bayless does not disappoint.I was two minutes late to a book signing and they wouldn't let me meet him, but they made up for it in the quality of food that evening for dinner.  I'm glad we ended up going.I had the Carne Asada as seen on FoodTV and it was very good.  My wife had the Mahi which was even better.  We shared the Ceviche Trio and wow, I'm craving it as I type this review!The drinks were equally as fantastic and the service was perfecto!Rick Bayless seems like a cool dude: won Top Chef Masters, cooks in his backyard, has great facial hair. Unfortunately Frontera just didn't live up to the hype.Alright, so the Lamb Shank special was stuff of legend. Awesome tender meat that fell off the bone. The mole, well, makes you want to learn how to make mole.  But lets talk Mexican staples that Frontera SHOULD knock out of the park. Guacamole. It's featured on the menu and evidently one of Rick's staples. I wanted to eat and say "wow, that was the best Guacamole in the history of Guacamole." But no. I mean it was alright - its hard for mashed up avocado not to be, but I was expecting to be wowed. The to-go taco place down the block from me has bomb-ass avocado/tomato/onion style guacamole, and I don't think any of their people has ever been on Food Network.Ceviche. When I saw that trio-ceviche special I was ready to dine on an unparallelled bastion of the sea.  Of the three preparations the shrimp/squid/cucumber preparation was the tastiest, but the fruity fish preparation tasted iodine-y, and the classic ceviche was cray acidic. I wanted it to be great and it just wasn't.I do have to give it up for the service though. The server we had was on point - one of the friendlier servers I've met in a while. There's a plethora of great Mexican restaurants in Chicago, many quite a pretty penny cheaper than Frontera, many with food that does not disappoint.I'm not a huge Mexican food fan, but our friend has been dying to try out Rick Bayless' restaurant.  Since Yolk was an hr/two wait for brunch on Sat morning (we woke up pretty late after a night of partying), we decided to swing by Frontera.Luckily, there was no wait!  I got the eggs a la Mexicana, which are basically scrambled eggs with cilantro, tomatoes, green onions w/ green chile sauce over it &  a side of black beans.  It sounds simple enough but it was delicious!  It's been two weeks since I've had it and I'm still craving it!I love that they use sustainable meats & organic eggs - which I hugely advocate!  Overall, a pretty good experience, but I'm sure it'd be even better for lunch or dinner.It was my first time to Frontera Grill today, and I have to say I'm not exactly sure how I felt about my experience! Though our waiter was excellent, all I could think of while I was eating my Smoked Chicken Queso Fundido is where's the chicken...the stuff? Honestly, it seemed like I was indulging in a bowl of sharp cheddar cheese with nothing in it. In attendance at a business meeting, I felt guilty that my company paid $10 for melted cheese, but the warm tortillas more than made up for it. For those with eclectic palates, the seafood dishes looked delish. Perhaps my preference for simple food is better served at the local Mexican joints where I can try a little bit of this and a little bit of that. Fun for the experience, If I do eat here again I look forward to stepping out of my food comfort zone where I can try something different and spectacular. Bon appetit!!!Ceviche is the way to go here.  We had the sample app and they were all just tremendous.Another charming dining experience in Chicago! Some pure mexican magic. We were greeted by a team at the front door and were asked if we'd like our coats checked - so thoughtful! We were there for lunch and the place was hopping! The decor is pretty typical of most Mexican spots - lots of bright colours and Mexican scenery and traditional-style paintings on the wall. It's a lively spot for sure!I was really impressed with our server. He took us newbies through the menu which was great, considering I'm always hesitant when it comes to ordering Mexican. I LOVE it, but I'm not a fan of super hot spice. He let us know the only thing that was really intense was the spicy mushrooms so I steered clear from those!I had a delicious limonata drink and it was a perfect start to the meal. Our table ordered some ceviche and guacamole which were both quite good. The homemade corn tortillas were perfect! After chowing down on those, I wasn't starving, so I ordered the tortilla soup and roasted chicken taquitos. The taquitos were a really small serving (I think there were maybe 4 or 5 of them) held together with more guac - YUM! The tortilla soup was served in a bowl with the crisps and onions and cheese, and then the broth was poured over it in front of us - SO yummy! I really loved the soup, but it was a tad on the salty side. The taquitos were decent, but I thought they were a bit lacking in the flavor department (I know - from the girl who doesn't like spicy!). The tortillas were wonderful and the chicken was perfectly cooked though.If you're a fan of Mexican, I'd definitely recommend stopping by this spot when you're in Chi town. The menu is lengthy and varied and the service is impeccable. Thanks to Nicole W for taking me and the crew here! :)I moved to Illinois - and Chicagoland specifically - the summer of 2005. One night at work, down in the pressroom waiting to check on a page, I was chatting with the press guy. He told me he'd just celebrated his wedding anniversary at a fancy downtown Mexican restaurant. It was the first time I heard about Rick Bayless and his little empire at the corner of Clark and Illinois.Fast forward through job changes, a wedding, several moves and to now... our five-year wedding anniversary. We've eaten at XOCO several times and Topolo is out of our price range comfort zone, but Frontera? We can swing that.When going to well-known restaurants like this, there seems to be a danger that it will be overhyped. Thank god, Frontera completely lived up to our expectations. Rick Bayless is a freaking genius.We arrived in line about 4:30 on a Saturday, and I ran around the corner to XOCO to grab some hot chocolate to combat the chill (I would like to suggest this, you can get to-go items at XOCO quite quickly). A short time later they opened the hallway door and started taking names and handing out buzzers. We were told we'd be seated at 5:40 in the main dining room. At 5, the bar doors opened and we were let in, and sure enough our buzzer went off right after 5:40.We decided on a small-plates style dinner. Here's what we had and notes:Drinks -- husband had the Goose Island Marisol; I had JJ's Elixir: Fig-infused Riverboat rye whiskey, cinnamon agave, fresh lime, JK Scrumpy's hard cider.   -- Strong, warm, delicious, a perfect fall cocktail.Fall Guacamole: Pickled jalapenos, grilled local apples, homemade fresh cheese. Tortilla chips.  -- a perfect starter, creamy, a little bite but not very spicy, delicious. Street Food Trio: Two pieces each: potosinas (fresh cheese, avocado, crema, Tamazula), tlacoyos (red chile beans, guajillo salsa, cincho cheese), sopes (shredded beef, roasted tomato, green chile).   -- each bite was better than the next. I think the potosinas were my favorite bite, the combination of cheese, crema, guacamole and hot sauce was just divine. Fresh Corn Tamales: Banana leaf-steamed sweet corn tamales, homemade crema & fresh cheese, poblano.  -- super sweet, with just the right hint of saltiness and creamy fresh cheese. Smoked Pork Queso Fundido: Otter Creek organic cheddar, guajillo-rubbed smoked pork, grilled knob onions, guajillo salsa. -- very rich, the pork was tender and so delicious, the cheese tangy, served with fresh corn tortillas.While it didn't seem like a *ton* of food, we were happily pretty full at this point, and decided to cap our evening with a little ice cream -- the homemade Mexican vanilla with goat's milk caramel. It was divine. We both agreed we could've happily drunk a glass of the caramel, which had tangy and smokey notes next to the traditional caramel profile. Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and timed things perfectly, and our waters were always kept refilled and plates cleared. It was a fantastic dinner and the perfect way to mark five memorable years.I've only gone to places that say they serve authentic Mexican food only to be let down by greasy over cheesed/sauced and fried food. Not so here, every ingredient on the plate shines, not masked, with every bite exploding with flavor.BEST SERVICE! Helpful with the menu. Lot of the plates are small plates, so can order more then one item for yourself. I got 3 plus dessert. Was attentive and kept us laughing though the whole service.Ceviche trio was fresh, with each being different in they own way. Great option if your can't make up your mind. The sweet fried plantains paired excellent with the tangy sour cream. The mole sauce had great depth of flavor with tender chicken and soft tortillas. Best strawberry shortcake. The cake sometimes can be just a plan useless rock. Here the outside was crunchy from the raw sugar with a fluffy, buttery inside. Came with just the right amount of sweet/tart strawberries.This place has me craving REAL mexican food all the time now. Who knew it can actually be somewhat healthy!We got a table for five at 10PM on Friday the 13th.  I was running late; by the time I joined my party they were already served cocktails.  Etta loved the fresh cucumber and complex tartness of the Xoco margarita.  Her sister Effie thought the Topolo margarita was in the sweet spot between sugary and tart. I was happy to order a bottle of Topochico for myself: the tightness of bubbles pushes this Mexican mineral water to the front of the pack of palette cleansing.  For appetizers we chose two dishes from the raw bar: Yucatecan ceviche of shrimp and squid, deliciously full of citrus notes and habanero, and yellowtail aguachile, silky delicate fish gently marinating with lime and addictive spicy chile arbol hot sauce, with chia seeds lending the texture of roe and savory balance of flavor.  Mr. Cuzco was excellent taking my guest's mushroom allergy back to the chef to ensure that all would be well.  Junior cleared and reset our table before the cavalcade of vegetable small plates.It was a harvest feast of grilled corn on the cob two ways, Swiss chard and potatoes in earthy guajillo chile, long beans from the Bayless' garden in Baja olive oil, smoky grilled tatume squash with fresh cheese, and habit-forming scorched shishito peppers with sea salt.  The table agreed on the grilled corn with serrano mayo over the more rustic red chile and sour cream corn: beyond that everybody had a different winning vegetable.  The vegetarian at the table, Gordon, who also happens to be the lead singer of the Violent Femmes, experienced his favorite of the night, and one of the best soups he has ever had, with the entree course.  He had the Sopa de Guias, a Oaxacan style vegetable broth with the "three sisters" of the field: sweet corn, heirloom squash, and runner beans.  He said the depth of flavor and complexity was beyond anything he's tasted in vegetable soup, and was so into adding the fresh cheese and serrano salsa that he dropped out of conversation.  That bowl was the last plate to be surrendered as he savored every taste.The rest of my party split the classic grilled ribeye with hypnotic flavors of beef, red chile and fire, as well as the grilled Alaskan salmon in acidic, spicy, crunchy and beyond amazing salsa of tomatoes grown on the restaurants roof, ripe melons, fall apples and green chile.  The best part was the tomato water, alive with those flavors.  Our other friend Peter fell into the trance of that Friday night special: taco after taco of smoked brisket in black mole.  Effie thought the tortilla soup lived up to the high expectations set by her mother who loved it at her lunch at Topolobampo: she appreciated the nod to French onion soup in the onions' caramelization and how the cream and cheese melted into and enriched the steaming chile broth.The entire table was cleared and cleaned leaving only our water glasses and despite the sudden need for a pair of elastic-waist pants we pushed on to a single shared dessert: the parfait of Concord grapes and Oaxacan chocolate.  The tangy grapes brought to life the raisiny elements of dark chocolate, heightened by the sweet grape compote and puckery whipped cream.  Thank you for an unforgettable dinner that demonstrated the powerful force of a fully conscious team doing farm to table cooking at the height of the harvest, with techniques new and as old as there have been people in the americas.It was hard for me to decide whether to give Frontera four or five stars, but the quality of the food eventually won me over.  It's AMAZING!!  I had one of the trios of street food and flan for dessert.  I was sad when my plate was empty and wished for a bigger appetite.  The only reasons I would consider giving four stars are tables can be hard to come by, and since they're so busy the service can be on the slow side.  Luckily i went alone snagged a spot at the bar, and wasn't in any hurry.  But if you have to wait for a table do it!  I wanted to flag down the people I saw leaving because they didn't want to wait and tell them not to go - it would be worth it in the end.Delicious fresh authentic Mexican food. Loved the flan, I will definitely return here.I had the ceviche frontera which was quite good. There was more of a pineapple or organge citrus to sweeten things up as well as some jicama for texture.My mole trio was good but the chicken mole was by far the tastier of the three. It had a deep smokiness that really made it pop.I think in terms of modern mexican I like Oyamel in DC more but I would in no way say Frontera disappointed.When it rains it pours - it took me a few years to make it to Frontera, but then I went twice in one week. Go figure.Each time I was at Frontera I had a great experience! The first meal felt really rushed though... like we sat down, ate, and were presented with the bill in half an hour tops. This is why the restaurant is only getting 4 stars from me. The second visit was much more leisurely.The street food is delicious. The corn tamales were my absolute favorite and I had them on each visit. Also, I highly recommend the black beans with yams - holy yum. Some of the items were a little on the spicy side, so if you don't like spice I recommend asking your waiter for recommendations. While the small plates were pretty small, be prepared for absolutely enormous dessert portions. My husband got a slice of the pecan pie and it was easily the biggest slice of pie we've ever gotten from a restaurant. He only ate about a third of it.Frontera has really tasty food, beverages, and desserts and I'd definitely recommend checking it out.This place is extremely difficult to get into and I have been here twice while making reservations months in advance.  They do take walk-ins, which contributes to the wait b/c only half the place is available for reservations.  Definitely lives up to the hype as other reviews have stated.  Both times I was here Rick Bayless the famous iron chef masters chef was cooking.  Apparently he is there all the time, unlike other celebrity chefs.  He was even friendly when I said hello to him while he was sitting with his wife, who was giving me the evil death stare for coming up to them.  The cheaper sandwich place next door and the one in O'hare are both good alternatives.The best part about the place is that for a fancy famous restaurant it is very reasonably priced as the entrees are under $30 dollars and some even below $20.  However, you have to order margaritas, guacamole, ceviche, mexican hot chocolate, etc. etc. and the bill starts to get out of control.  Everything is perfectly seasoned and delicious.  The mole is the reason to go and does not disappoint.  The trio is the best way to try a few.I moved to Chicago from Phoenix/San Diego and have traveled/studied in Latin America.  My Nana is an outstanding cook.  I know and appreciate great Mexican food.  Frontera Grill is very good.  It is, however, not great.  It is one of the best Mexican restaurants in Chicago, which doesn't say much, and serves excellent ceviche and guacamole.  That said, I've had better, and the cost/hassle/price/hype are not quite merited.I can't believe that I never reviewed this place.A thousand (literally) other reviewers have said it before, so this is what I'll add:- it is worth the hassle of getting there early.- it is worth waiting however long you wait.- it is well worth the price tag (which honestly, is NOT high - we had three courses each and the total bill came to around 100 bucks)Highlight of my trip to Chicago, by miles. Rick Bayless does not fuck around, folks. Dude may seem like your run of the mill unassuming white guy, but dude knows his Mexican food. We begged our waitress to give him the feedback that he needs to open a restaurant in New York, but she explained that Rick stops in the restaurant all the time, and won't open restaurants elsewhere because he knows the minute he stops going in and overseeing things is the exact minute the quality goes downhill.  There's the secret, boys and girls.Get the ceviche.  Get something in a mole sauce too. Perrrfection.We were excited about trying this Chef Rick Bayless restaurant.  Our visit here was for a very late lunch.  We tried the ceviche trio---all three were delicious.  We also tried the Old School Frontera Trio---very yummy.  Each portion was just as delicious as the other.  Also tried the Talayco (sp?).  They were very yummy!  Recommend making reservations in advance (at least a day or two ahead) as tables are very limited.  Food and atmosphere were top notch.  Side note---both of us got sick the next day and suspect the ceviche may have been the culprit.I was super duper excited to go to Frontera Grill.  I am a huge fan of Rick Bayless.  We had guacamole to start our dinner.  I thought it was very tasty.  We followed up with the Old School Frontera trio, also tasty. The trio has, smoked chicken tapitas, tuna ceviche, and quesadillas.  We never tried an entree, which would have painted a better picture, but we were pretty full at that point. We split the Duo De Flanes, two custards.  The chocolate custard was the better of the two.  The carmel, was bit bland and the carmel flavor didn't shine through.The service was wonderful.  I don't think my water was ever empty or even close.  The waiter was very good.It is very noisy, maybe because of the drunk 40 year olds next to us?  However, if a restaurant is good, expect it to busy and loud...no complaints!  I would love to return......I really want to like this place, but I can't. I have eaten here several times and each time I was disappointed. The portions are very small and overpriced. The "Aguas" are awfully sweet and sometimes bitter. The rice and beans are not authentic to any region of Mexico that I know of. The only things I've enjoyed are the ceviches, mole and hand made tortillas. If you want authentic Mexican food, visit the Pilsen neighborhood where you will get portions that are more than triple the size of Fronterra's with a fraction of the cost! Try Nuevo León!  Also, it is very crowded, loud and cold.Wanted to try a Rick Bayless restaurant while we were in Chicago so we went for Frontera--Rick's mid-level restaurant--for lunch. The service was quick, the food was good and the artwork on the walls was really cool. Be warned--the guacamole was a little spicier than we were used to, but absolutely delicious. A definite stop if you're looking for a break in the middle of a busy day of touringI have seen Rick Bayless's shows on TV, and I buy Frontera products at the store, so I thought it was finally time I tried his restaurant. I called in January to make reservations for March, and they sat us right on time. It took a few extra minutes for our server to greet us, by after that he was amazing- Edgar I think was his name. He was so nice and friendly, and seemed like he was really enjoying his job. The food was great. We started with the guacamole- which was the BEST guacamole I have ever had! The chips however I did not like-I thought they tasted like Fritos. We also got the street food trio- the flauntas were delicious, the other two things were good as well- but not as good as the flauntas (hence why I don't even remember what they were called). For the entree, we split the grilled shrimp in the lobster broth between two of us. I loved the broth and vegetables that came with the shrimp, however my boyfriend wasn't a big fan. Throughout the meal we tried a couple of their margaritas- all of which were pretty and delicious.To end the meal we got the flan duo- which was amazing! I would love to come back here and try more of their awesome margaritas and food!We have come here innumerable times in the last year since we have lived here. The quality seems to have declined immensely (cold entrees arriving while the appetizers are still on the table) and the menu has changed quite a bit. We have tried so many different things over the year, and the trio of ceviches still remains one of the best things around.However, after popping in the other day for drinks and a small nibble before heading elsewhere, I can tell you with all certainty to avoid the Street Food Trio. It's a sad little plate of badly seasoned nibbles for $19.75. My advice? Take that money and run (heck, take it next door to Xoco, that place is still the best). But, if you do want just a small nibble before dinner elsewhere like we often do, opt for the Smoked Chicken Taquitos, they never disappoint.What an awesome place.  The service and food were amazing.  Friend and I shared the guacamole, ceviche trio and then the steet food trio.  Just enough food, but not too much.  And all of it delicious.Also tried a champagne margarita.  Was excellent.Tres leches for dessert topped of an amazing meal.Rick Bayless is truly the Godfather of Yucatan/Mexican cuisine. I have been a huge fan of his since my teens (having purchased the Frontera Grill line of salsas and hot sauce growing up), and now I can finally say that I've tasted his amazing food first hand. And perhaps die a happy gal, too.Seriously, though, the food at Frontera Grill is unlike that I've ever had at any Mexican restaurant in the past. Trust me, I've had my share of authentic Mexican food. While Bayless' food isn't exactly 100% authentic by any means, it is absolutely perfect because he embraces the most pronounced flavors and nuances about Yucatan cuisine and elevates it to a whole other level. Everything here is sophisticated in terms of flavors and execution, yet still approached for the everyday diner. Knowing that Frontera Grill can get awfully packed during peak dining hours, the bf and I popped in for Saturday brunch a little after 10:30am. It was a good thing we came early, because a massive line had already congregated in the waiting area as we were leaving just before noon. The brunch menu is also a very affordable way to experience Bayless' food, as most menu items fell within $6 to $20. Portions were incredibly generous as well, unlike most other semi-nice restaurants operated by celebrity chefs.- Bajio-style eggs: I ordered this very brunchy dish consistinz of two perfectly poached eggs in crispy masa boats, black beans, and homemade chorizo in a creamy green poblano sauce. The poblano sauce was smooth and just slightly creamy, impressively balanced with a delicate hint of spice that didn't overwhelm the rest of the ingredients. I really loved that the masa cakes had some body, really holding up to the sauce and toppings. The eggs were impeccably poached as well, with the whites just slightly coddled but not completely solidified. It was all around a fine dish, and definitely one of the best egg dishes I've had in a while.- Enchiladas with steak & eggs: this was the bf's entree choice, mostly because it seemed a little more appropriate for brunch than the more popular chicken enchiladas with mole. He really liked the flavor of the dish, especially as he normally isn't a fan of enchiladas due to the oftentimes overly watery and bland sauce. The roasted tomato-serano chile sauce lightly ladled over these bad boys were nothing like that - the red sauce was flavorful and complex and nothing short of amazing. Even I enjoyed the tender and flavorful steak wrapped inside the fresh corn tortillas, as beef normally doesn't appeal to me nor does tough preparations of carne asada.Besides our stellar brunch entrees, our friendly waitress was also kind enough to bring a small dish of Chef Bayless' famous mole to try. The dark mole was so complex and robust in flavor that even one tiny spoonful was enough to send my tastebuds into overdrive. I could've sworn that the cinnamon, nutmeg, chocolate, and various seeds and spices were doing the cha-cha in my mouth. Everything about my first experience at Frontera Grill was magnificent. Ok Don Bayless, you've made me an offer I can't refuse.Having dined next door at Topolobampo and experienced wonderful service, I knew this would be nowhere close but still, the service was disappointing. A few gripes about our waitress that night: she forgot about us several times, making us having to flag her down every time we needed to order a drink; I kept getting whipped in the face with her long pig tails every time she came in to check on the table next to us; and she couldn't pronounce the basic items on the menu in Spanish which was pretty annoying.FoodI love chile rellenos and it is a treat to eat them since they are pretty time-consuming to make and my past attempts have produced some not-so-good results. So unless my mom is cooking, I rarely get to indulge. I had heard great things about the chiles rellenos at Frontera, including that they sell out quickly so I was excited to try this off the menu.They certainly did not disappoint - try them! The salsa was very flavorful and not as spicy, but the poblano pepper had a bit of kick for the perfect spice level. My favorite was the filling; the ground pork had great texture due to slivered almonds and had great flavor. The batter was light and fluffy, not greasy which is very common.OverallHad a good experience here, but honestly, not sure I'd be willing to wait in a line for 2+ hours (if you don't have a reservation & those have to be made far in advance) when you can get some quality Mexican food elsewhere with way better service. The reputation of this place I think far exceeds the food, as I found the rest of the menu (save the chiles) a bit uninspiring. However, this time around, it was definitely worth it since we did have a reservation & I was lucky enough to score some chiles rellenos that DID in fact live up to the hype and were fabulous!I've always bought the frontera salsa and it was always a hit each time I served it. I bought the salsa after I saw this restaurant featured in travel channel. Now that I'm here, it's definitely a must try. The restaurant habanero sauce isn't bottled or for sale, and it will only be served if it's requested.  It's Always crowded so make a reservation or drop in early enough and head to the bar.  Ask for Jonathan, he makes a mean margarita.So sadly disappointed! We were so excited to try Frontera but twice the young hostess on 4/16 was so incredibly RUDE. Mr. Bayless, you would be so embarrassed by the snappish, poor behavior we received on April 16.  Even my kids' jaws fell open in disbelief.  Front of the house should set the tone for a perfect experience, not cut you off & ask "do you want the 6 o'clock reservation or not?!"  I chalk it up to immature power-tripping but didn't expect it at a top restaurant.I'm not sure why I didn't trust the 1033 review before mine that said Frontera Grill was overpriced and overrated.  I guess I just had to find out for myself.  So here is my assessment:  Frontera is overpriced and overrated.  We started with the street food trio which was a sampling of potosinas, goat flautas, and sopes.  They were good, but not great.  I had the fish in Oaxacan yellow mole.  The mole was wonderful, but the fish lacked that wow-factor I was expecting.  To top it off, we paid 30% more than what the meal was worth. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem paying good money for good food, but this was mediocre food at best.Things to know before you go -- If you don't have reservations, plan to wait in line for seating.I was so excited to come here. We made reservations two months in advance and I think my hopes were a little too high. Pros- service and we were seated before our reservation. Cerviche was wonderful as well. Homemade corn tortillas have also spoiled me   Everything was so expensive.  I know, it is chicago, it is supposed to be expensive.  I felt like for the cost, I was not wowed. Overall, I think you're paying for the Bayless name.Came here for a few drinks and a few appetizers. The drinks were yummy and strong. I had the blood orange margarita and the blue agave margarita. The chips and salsa were good. The tomatillo sauce was mild and brightened up with the lime and cilantro. The chipotle salsa had a nice smoky kick to it. The ceviche trio was the next thing I had. The first ceviche was tuna with habanero and it was my favorite of the three. The next was a tuna with avocado and tomato. It was good but my least favorite of the three. The avocado made it too mushy. The last one was on the sweeter side. It had shrimp and calamari.I've been looking forward to coming here since I moved to Chicago, and I just loved it. We ended up ordering some small plates to share: The mole trio enchiladas, the ceviche trio, smoked chicken taquitos, the pulled pork gorditas, the frontera guacamole, and the queso fundido.  all of them were amazing. We had the flan and chocolate cake for dessert- the flan was good, but the chocolate cake was just outstanding. The Topolobampo margarita was divine. The service was OK, but the food and laid back, fun atmosphere makes you forget it. I can't wait to come back again.I have been wanting to try one of Rick Bayless' restaurant every since I've seen him on Top Chef Master.  Since the local news claimed it was going to be one of the worst snow storm in Chicago, I was able to walk in and get a table(place was still fairly packed).Based on the reviews on Yelp, the two items I got were the Ceviche Trio and the Oaxacan-Style Carne Asada.I really enjoyed the ceviche, especially the Tuna one.  The Oaxacan Carne Asada was pretty good but not something I would just come here for since they have all these other items I want try on my next visit.  Overall, I really enjoyed my meal as it was very filling and I believe reasonnably priced for this type of restaurant.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Chicago.I went there thinking, I have been to Mexico many times, is it really worth waiting for so long and overpaying for an Americanized version of Mexican food? I was totally wrong, it is gourmet food inspired by Mexican cuisine, the ceviche was amazing, the zopes where excellent and my favorite was the duck, if it wasn't enough the pumpkin chocolate cake blends sweet and salty like I've never had before, Mis respetos sr. BaylessThe food here is amazing.  All that you have heard is true and its a fun vibe with a great drink selection.  It is very hard to get a seat but having dinner or appetizers at the bar is just as good.  The ceviche is awesome which is a standard cuisine for me when I go to a Spanish/Mexican place.I was on a two month Yelp hiatus thanks to Navy Basic Training. Now, after two months of monotonous galley food, this celebration called for something special for my palate. I've been a fan of Rick Bayless ever since I watched him knock out two of my favorite chefs Michael Chiarello and Hubert Keller in the first season of Top Chef Masters. I thought to myself, "Damn...he must be good."Sure enough, my visit to Frontera supported my first impression of him. The atmosphere was warm, inviting, and the bustle of the patrons (ranging from tourists to businessmen) made it electrifying. For a busy Friday afternoon, we were seated promptly after 15 minutes.I highly recommend getting the trios for a taste of everything! After seeing him make his mole on his show, I got the mole trio, which was on point. The pork clemole was my favorite of the three - the morsels of tender pork and the sauce was packed with flavor. You can pick up the complexity of the sauce with just  one bite. The poblano enchiladas were delish as well. The meal was topped off with some Mexican hot chocolate. When my cup was near empty, the waiter was kind enough to top off my cup with coffee. Overall, it was a perfect meal to celebrate a great accomplishment. Definitely coming back here again next time I'm in Chicago.Rick Bayless, I would do VERY bad things to you if you would cook for me every day.Due to the incredibly high popularity of Frontera Grill since Bayless' triumphant showing on Top Chef Masters, the place is crazy busy all the time.  Since Frontera takes limited reservations, your best bet is to show up before dinner service starts, get your bootie and line and pray for the best.  I arrived with two friends in tow at 5:10 and the line was already around the block.  However, once the doors opened at 5:20, the line started moving and we were seated outside with no wait.  Now since I was dining outside, I didn't really get to check out too much of the décor inside.  I'm sure it's lovely.  But bottom line: When the food is this good, who gives a shit about what the place looks like??  The smatterings of outdoor tables right on Clark Street provide excellent people watching.  And you're set back a bit from the sidewalk so you don't feel like the passerbys are interrupting your meal.  It's truly the perfect outdoor dining experience.The menu changes quite frequently at Frontera, so you will want to check the website for the most up to date offerings.  Of course you have to order the guacamole (They put sun dried tomatoes in it!  Not to be missed!), but the real appetizer star was the Queso Fundido de Hongos, which is Otter Creek Farm organic cheddar melted with beer-braised mushrooms, bacon, habanero salsa, cilantro.  Duuuuude.... Think of that queso dip from Chili's.  Now imagine it with really, really good ingredients and served with homemade tortillas.  You just drooled a little, right?  It was so delicious it should be illegal.My entrée was the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano.  I admit it's not the most adventurous menu choice, but the enchiladas are knock-you-on-your-ass amazing.  Whatever Bayless puts in that mole sauce is magic and the Gunthorp free-range chicken filling is ahhh-mazing.  Add a side of black beans and you've got a winner.  My friend ordered the Puerco en Salsa de Elote Verde, which is grilled Maple Creek pork loin in a sauce of roasted tomatillos, fresh corn, chile guero, hoja santa. Rustic mashed potatoes, grilled Spence Farm summer squash.  Um, yeah.  Pretty much the tastiest, most tender pork I've ever eaten.  I'm glad we both like to share entrees.The one bummer?  I was less than thrilled with the service.  I think our waiter came to take our order and drop off our check... good thing we're low maintenance.  But again, when the food is this good, the service doesn't really matter, however I do think that if you're going to a restaurant that is so "famous" right now, the service should be top notch.  And sadly, it wasn't.Still, without a doubt, a five star meal.  Oh Rick?  If you ever leave your wife, you know where to find me!Did ya ever see that M. Night Shyamalan movie where mother nature revolts and sends out some sort of poison that turns off the switch in your brain that keeps you from killing yourself? And no, I did not make that up. Its really the premise of the movie and it starred Marky Mark as the sexiest science teacher in all of NYC... and it wasn't half bad... or at least M. Wahlberg looked good... or at least it was better than some of M. Night's other crap... *ahemcoughcoughthevillageandeverythingafterSigns. Anyway, that kind of reminds me of Frontera Grill... but in a much more complimentary way. I truly believe that walking in here shuts off the switch in your brain that tells you to stop ordering more food when the entire cavity of your body is already full from the first 983563586328 courses you just ordered. You just keep wanting more. I proved this on my last visit, where I left feeling like I was hemoraghing... and not just in the usual stomach area. I am Jack's engorged throat muscle.We got a mixed batch of items from the menu, some we'd basically had when we dined at Topolobampo a few months earlier but I remembered liking them more on our prior visit... maybe I was just more buzzed though. I will say that I won't veer toward the queso fundido again. Too much pooling oil on the top made my stomach feel QueSoSo FunDont-O. Now, keep in mind this was months ago, but the beer cocktail I had was phenom to the 5th Power Ranger. It was called the 'Chupacabra Deluxe' (an ode to my little goatsucker cat, Spooky) and is made with Frontera's Pale Ale with blended local melon puree, and has an iced tea/lemonade mixture shaken in. Yummo. However, This was back in the Summer/Fall so now they have a wintery beer cocktail made with stout that's also on my 'to do' list.Per usual, it was a busy night and I will say that our service was certainly not up to what it was when we dined at Topolobampo, but our meals also weren't as pricey, so there's that. It took an awkwardly long time for our table to get any attention from a server. So much so that we were actually  worried the kitchen would close before we got all of our order in. Luckily, things slowed down a bit and the service picked up towards the latter half of the meal... and I was able to fit in 2 forms of dessert.Would I go back? Sure. I want to try s'more of their cocktail creations and I might get an appy or two while we (surely) wait, but I'd probably save my entrée appetite for Topo or Xoco.Mexican food can be known to cause indigestion, but this place gave my wallet diarrhea. It's about as expensive as I've ever experienced a few tacos and some ceviche. Don't get me wrong the food was great, and the service was stellar, but be prepared to pay the Top Chef premium that slick Rick and his crew requires. I don't mean to sound bitter, but then again I live in a city that's infested with tasty taco shops that I don't have to sell plasma on the side to enjoy. If you got the extra cabbage to toss around then by all means give him a go, but if you ain't got no money take yo broke ass home!Eat here! I just had my third visit to Frontera and it just never disappoints. Tourists- the wait here will be 1.5-2 hours! You won't see Rick Bayless, and you'll hate the food because it's not like ChiChis. Yes, go to the Weber Grill or "that place in the hotel"! We'll wait in the bar as you leave...Locals- Psst- the wait times you are quoted really won't be that long. Plus, you'll want to treat yourself to one of the Seasonal Margaritas like Cucumber, or the one with Rhubarb while you wait. Our quoted 1.5-2 hour wait at 5:30pm opening bell was around 30 minutes. Appetizers- Frontera Guacamole- nice and fresh and full of lime! Keep it at the table to top off your entrees.Herb Green Ceviche- big chunks of yellowtail in lime juice and it's green! This was excellent. Look for the Ceviche Trio served in cocktail glasses if you're in the mood to try a few.Entrees-Mole Trio- I love moles, and being able to try three at once was awesome. The current offering was a mole poblano enchilada, the pork coloradita, and roasted vegetables in green mole. The coloradita and the mole poblano were the best of the three. Our server Charles was great all night! I have no idea what the official name of the dish my dining partner ordered but Charles suggested a chicken dish on polenta for her, that was absolutely amazing. Since it was my birthday, my dining partner had conferred with Charles to do something special for dessert. Our Sopa de Frutas with rhubarb, pineapple and a sweet red broth had "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate on the side. What a nice touch. The dessert was refreshing and really sweet. I would love to come back to Frontera and make a meal out of the Street fare- there's a Trio of those, as well. And I look forward to many more special visits to Frontera!"Oh my god, I am still dreaming about that amazing fish sauce," my dinner companion whispered 4 hours after we had left the restaurant. The 2 1/2 hour wait to get a table was totally worth it.Her fish preparation, the Pescado en Escabeche, was indeed delicious. It featured the day-boat catch, mahi mahi, in a tangy beet escabeche. My Enchilada de Mole Poblano was also mouthwateringly good. Three chicken enchiladas were served in a spectacular mole perfectly infused with chocolate. Our tamales were unlike any I've had before. They were sweet and light, almost like cake, topped with crumbled cheese and roasted peppers; without doubt the best tamales I've ever tasted.The Duo de Flanes dessert featured a classic flan and a horchata flavored version. In my humble opinion, the classic flan is the better of the two. I also tried the chocolate pecan pie and was amazed at how much I enjoyed it given I'm not usually a fan of pecan pies.  Not a crumb of that dessert was left on the plate when I was done with it. For those of you who are balking at the idea of a 2 1/2 hour wait, you always have the option of putting your name on the waiting list and returning later.  But trust me, should you choose to wait, the signature margaritas served in the bar area sure do help make the time fly.Thanks to MVP Yelper, Ed M, for getting his butt out to Chicago because I finally had an excuse to try Chicago's infamous Frontera Grill!I met 6 other yelpers at Frontera Grill for lunch today and based on Frontera Grill's reputation (Ed heard about it all the way in SF) I had very high expectations.  We started with the sampler plate, which included quesadillas, ceviche, some other spring roll looking thing, and of course guacamole (my favorite). The guac and the ceviche were very good, but the quesadillas were my favorite and I"ll definitely be ordering those again during my next visit to Frontera!Lauren H and I split the chicken tacos, which were also good, especially after I smothered mine with guacamole.  Ellen M recommended their iced tea (I can't remember the exact name), which I loved and I don't even like iced tea.The food is probably worth 5 stars, but I was a little disappointed by the service. I was expecting to be wowed by great service after reading all the Yelp reviews and I just wasn't feeling wowed.  In all fairness the all knowing Ellen M has visited Frontera Grill before and said the service is usually better.  Hopefully I'll get that great service during my next visit and I can't wait to visit the even more upscale restaurant next door, Topolabampo.Let's be honest here, I would've never heard of Rick Bayless if it weren't for all these food competition shows on television. I've only recently begun watching Top Chef, and frankly I couldn't care less about all the "celebrity chefs." If there is one thing that I care most about, it is simply the food. Since one of the my favorite foods is Mexican, I was immediately intrigued. It was time to bust out of my Taco Tuesday rut.We made a visit here for dinner on a recent trip to Chicago. Forget reservations, we arrived shortly after their 5pm opening and the place was already packed with people in their business suits and corporate attire. Half hour later, we're seated in the outdoor patio area, enjoying the ambiance of honking cars and ambulance sirens.Service was casual and pleasant, but we get right down to the food. All the starters looked good, so we ended up with the appetizer platter, a sampling of guacamole, empanadas, ceviche, and jicama salad. It was a good way to try a bit of everything. The much-talked about guacamole was a bit overpowering with the citrus flavors. The jicama salad was very crisp and refreshing with a hint of tartness.For the entrees, I had the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena, while my wife had the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. There's little doubt who is star of that enchilada dish. I couldn't help myself from reaching over to taste that mole. Bayless said that it took him over 20 years to perfect his mole recipe. I believe it. There is a complex mixture of flavors in the mole that's just tough to duplicate, and they all work in unison.As for my dish, what stands out the most is the bold flavors of the spicy red chile on the ribeye steak. Marinated, wood-grilled, ultra juicy and tender, it was the perfect compliment to the side of sweet plantains. That meat really packed a punch. With a side of soft handmade tortillas and a slathering of guacamole, I built my very own carne asada tacos. Very expensive, $29 carne asada tacos.With the recommendation of our waiter, we finished it all off with a slice of chocolate pecan pie, with a healthy dollop of Kahlua whipped cream and chocolate sauce on the side. The dessert was good, but not quite on the level of goodness from those entrees we had earlier. My margarita was so-so as well. I'd skip the drinks and appetizers, and head straight for the appetizers and entrees. In the words of Mr. Austin Powers, it's all about the mole mole MOLE!Rick Bayless still watches over Frontera Grill despite his numerous restaurants sprinkled about Chicago. We saw him walking around and then he sat down with a large party. It was someone's birthday. Unfortunately, our waitress didn't offer to drag him out of the kitchen when we asked about him.We started out with cocktails- a classic mojito and Manhattan. Manhattans in Chicago? The Manhattans in Chicago are made with Templeton Rye, Al Capone's whiskey of choice. It's a 100% gangsta choice of a cocktail and very much Chicago. Make no mistake and it goes down smooth.The menu at Frontera Grill recently changed and has more small plates now made for sampling and sharing. This was perfect as we had pre-eaten at Xoco while we were passing the 1 and a half hour wait. Everything we had was fantastic. I'd definitely return to try more things. The spices were very prominent without overwhelming any aspect of the dishes. It all tasted very fresh and as if they had been stewing all day in the kitchen.We tried the Beef-and-Poblano Tamal, Mole Trio, and Fresh Corn Tamales. It was a nice balance of dishes as we had some sour flavors as well as savory and sweet. I was most impressed with the trio of moles as it had the most common one I was familiar with (dark sauce) and a new one I found quite tasty and a nice alternative to all things heavy with meat: the epazote (roasted vegetables in pumpkinseed mole).Frontera Grill is a large restaurant with a large crowd and long wait. Even at 9 PM at night expect to sit down around 11 PM. It's all worth it, just make sure you get your churros next door at Xoco. The two sort of go hand in hand for the total Bayless experience.Seeing how people complain about the wait to get into this place, I must have been very lucky. I came here on a Thursday night around 8:30pm. There was definitely a wait but we gave them our name and walked around and returned. We were probably seated by 9:45pm. Service was slow, but I was too busy chatting with my friend to be bothered by it. We ordered all tapas sized plates and shared everything. The food was pretty darn good, but my complaint would be the menu. There was just sooooo much going on that I was confused and overwhelmed by my choices. I'm glad I was there with a friend who had been there before. He loved the place for it's margaritas, which he had 2 that night. I stuck to water. By the time we were done, I think it was past 11pm. Despite living in TX, I'm not a fan of Mexican food, but I really did enjoy this place and would go again if I'm ever back in Chicago.I ate one of the best meals ever here on Saturday. I started off my lunch with the Topolo margarita. I get my margarita and it is fantastic!   We order some appetizers and ceviche of some variety was brought to the table. There were other things that were pretty good, but the ceviche stood out. For my entree I ordered the catfish tacos. Wow. Just wow. I would definitely recommend them. I wish I could remember some of the other stuff we ordered, but simply put I enjoyed all of it! Rick Bayless...youre my boy !After a long hiatus from Frontera Grill, I am happy to report that Rick Bayless has redeemed himself! Hot damn it was delicious!My bff and I decided to do a girl's weekend. Tickets for Kathy Griffin were purchased and we scored ourselves a room downtown with some Marriot points (bonus!). The only thing that was missing was an amazing dinner and we got it at Frontera Grill. After taking some advice from the fab Deb E...we arrived at FG around 4:45. Boy was I glad we did. A lined had formed and we were one of the last ones to get into the line that was INSIDE the restaurant. If we had waited any longer...we would have had to stand outside in the cold. Moments later, a nice young man came around and took our names and offered us our choice of times & dining - bar area or main dining. We opted for the bar...b/c we were starving and wanted to get seated sooner. We grabbed a couple of cocktails - the flor martini - organic vodka, St. Germaine and fresh grapefruit juice. It was refreshing and more importantly - strong. We didn't hold back and ordered plenty of offerings - crab claws, a tamal, chips, ceviche and a pork dish. Everything was amazing and beautifully presented. The crab claws were delicious and the accompaniments were perfect. The tamal de puerco was so flipping tasty. Bacon corn masa filled with pork, red chile sauce and a pineapple mojito salsa. I wish I had one right now. My friend's ceviche was SO good as was the escabeche. I ordered up the Puerco en Clemole Castellano - roasted pork loin served with butternut squash mash, greens with candied chile spiced pecans & bacon, and nutty smokey mole sauce. Divine. The homemade tortillas are heaven and I might have used one or two to sop up that mole sauce. I also could not resist the Topolo margarita which I would gladly drink by the pitcher. We were so stuffed that dessert could not be had, maybe next time. The meal was perfect. The timing was perfect. Our bellies were full and I was feeling the buzz as we settled in to enjoy the rest of our evening. It was a memorable meal and one I'd love to experience again in the future.I KNOW THIS IS BLASPHEMOUS, BUT... I wasn't that impressed. The food was good, but not great. Sure, there were high points: local ingredients, excellent salsas, great guac, and fresh tortillas. But there were also a lot of low points: -Slow service -Small portions -Very skimpy with the mole sauce (which wasn't as good as Guelaguetza or Real Tenochtitlan) -Tiny, expensive margaritas Don't get me wrong. I am a Rick Bayless fan and appreciate how he's elevated the perception of Mexican food from chimichanga-type bullshit to its rightful place as one of the world's great cuisines, but I have to call it like I see (or taste) it.My Rick Bayless charm bracelet is complete - I've now been to Xoco, Topolobampo and finally, Frontera Grill.It was great food, less pricey than Topolobampo but without the superb coddled service.  We got reservations for my birthday back in February when we couldn't get June 16 at Girl and the Goat.  Really glad it worked out the way it did as I enjoyed this much better.  My only issue with trendy popular restaurants is that the tables for two are so small!  However, it was at least nicely situated!Our server was great, took great care of us even swapped out my salmon when I was too wimpy for the salsa.  I would recommend getting the salsa on the side!  We also split the Entremes surtido which was delicious.  My huband adored his carne asada and we gobbled up the Biscocho con fresas.  Yum!  Plus the Mexican hot chocolate is, duh, delicious!While dining I noticed all kind of  babies here, a phenomenon I also noticed at Girl and the Goat.  Really, your 2 month old  or toddler needs to eat at a trendy restaurant?  There are no babysitters in the city?  I really don't get this at all, isn't the point for Mom and Dad to have a date night?  But I digress.I am super glad I have tried all three and I would go back to all of them but next year I may pop for the extra bucks at Topolobampo; even with the lousy through the kitchen down the stairs bathroom,  I think I dig the super service.  You have to try one - just make the reservation and wait!Did you know that I finally went here? Yes, it's true. Long wait times be damned! This time we tried for brunch and finally got to test the waters, er, margaritas, er, wine.I need to tell you about this item on the Brunch menu - Huevos Estilo El Bajo. It's like a loose interpretation of eggs benny, only 100 times better than you could ever imagine. Do yourself a favor and eat this...if you can get in. The reisling kabinett is kind of amazing, too. I will say that I think the decor is terribly hokey, but that doesn't matter when eating fork-fulls of house made chorizo.TRY. THE. GUAC.AND. THE. DUCK. TACOS.Dear Rick Bayless,I am going to kidnap you and have you live in my sunroom and make guacamole all day. Just a head's up, so you might want to stock up on whatever you'll need.Get Excited!- StaceyLike the masses, we are huge Top Chef fans. Mandy really thought this dude seemed nice on the show, so we HAD to give him a shot. As expected, the place was packed at 9 on a Friday night but I'm always confident a table can be scored in the cantina with a bribe.After the bribe succeeded, it was on to the meal.  * Nice, quaint bar area* Service was spotty* Women's bathroom trash can was overflowing* Rick was in the kitchen late on Friday* 'Ritas are real deal...no sugary mix* Prices reasonable* Guac too citrusy for my California tasebuds* Cool couples around us* Rib eye was perfect...cut it up and crushed it in tortillas n salsa n beans* Lamb casserole thing was awesomeNice place and good times.Maybe it's because I'm from L.A. and used to good Mexican food, or maybe it's that I really can't taste the organic and locally raised through the expensive prices and small portions, but my first meal on a recent Chicago visit was less than satisfactory. We were seated during a Friday lunch at a two top in the bar area.  We started with 2 Topolo Margaritas, which at  $9 a piece were small and lacking flavor.  My roommate, who knows her margaritas, would have been disappointed. Our two entree selections: Enchiladas $14.75 and Duck Tacos $15 were both alright and although we could have used more tortillas and asked for them, but our server was lacking in the attentive arena. The mole sauce on the enchiladas was just , well not great.  Rick needs to take the recipe from Guelaguetza yelp.com/biz/guelaguetza… Our server upsold us on the guacamole, which at $7.50 for a small amount was crazy.  Don't mean to toot my own horn, but I think my guac is much better.  Both versions I make. Finally, our server Alejandro was just absent after our food was served.  We asked for both water and tortillas and were ignored. I had to flag down another server to ask for water and he didn't even bring us any.  Alejandro finally brought water right at the end of the lunch, which of course probably could be seen as a blatant stab at service before the tip is decided. Total, excluding tip, was $61.60The bottom line, for me, is this...If you were to take Frontera's food and service and move it to a small strip mall in the burbs, rename it, remove references to Rick Bayless, would the hype still be there?"Well, at least the guacamole was good"The statement above sums up my $90 dining experience at Frontera last weekend.  To say I'm mad is the understatement of the year.  The reason?  I have almost every episode of 'Mexico: One plate at a time' recorded on my DVR.  I even own a Bayless cook book and look to him for inspiration in that one day I hope to find myself in a restaurant kitchen.So what went wrong?  Well, the appetizers were good.  The guac was creamy and done very well but none of the other items impressed in a way that I was expecting.  Dinner was cold.  My thinly sliced skirt steak was cold, undercooked (apparently medium means still moving), flavorless, and served with a side of spicy salsa.  I kept thinking I should have just gone with the tacos.  Looking to find something enjoyable, I ordered dessert and a mexican hot chocolate.  This only made things worse as I didn't finish either.Our 2 month long reservation started as a trip to heaven and left us with a trip to hell.  I won't be back until this place learns to raise their standards to a level of what once was.  My recommendation would be to hit the bar for a few appetizers and a margarita.  You really can't go wrong there.THE REVIEWFirst, I love Chicago in the summertime!I've been exploring my River North neighborhood in flip flops. Every Saturday I notice a huge line outside Rick Bayless' eponymous Chicago restaurant. So I finally checked it out with the gf. We had a great time. You have to get lucky. Most of the patrons are walk-ins. We scored a table just as we walked in. The seating gods were kind to us.The service is no-frills which perfectly suits the casual vibe. The prices are very reasonable considering the brand name locale and chef. I recommend ordering 2 dishes at a time. The portions are small and so the food gets cold very quickly. Just chill and have some beer at a leisurely pace. The menu changes to reflect the seasons. We ordered:Flautas de Puerco- Maple Creek Farms pork, pea tendrils, and cascabel-tomatillo sauce. Yummy!Enchiladas Gratinadas- homemade tortillas with chipotle braised beef. So good, but you have to eat it quickly while it stays hot.Tamal Churriqueso- a corn masa tamal with hoemmade chorizo, avocado, queso cheese. This was a soft and creamy tamal. The flavors were sweet and delicate which was nice bc the other dishes are bolder.Queso Fundido de Milanesa- All I can say is that I like fried breaded crispy pork in cheese! It comes in cute iron skillet with fresh tortillas and two kinds of hot sauces (red and green). Very rich, but dee-lish.Grass-Fed Organic Grilled Ribeye Steak- This was sooo good! The grill really imparted a nice smoked flavor that complimented the spices in the sauce. It came with plantains and black beans.Beers are $4-$5. Cheap for River North.I am definitely coming back.Outstanding! That's it. I'm done. No need to say more. But I will. But I'll keep it short!Arrived on a Friday night with full awareness of historically long (but worthy!) waits for a table. Hostess kindly told us to come back up in about 30 minutes and they would give us a pager and the wait would be around an hour and a half to two hours. No worries. We're here for the long haul. 30 minutes later, up we go, get our pager and then settle into the bar. What I didn't know about was the bar.....they have an excellent selection of tequila! And guess what? Hubby collects tequila. It was meant to be.I'm not a fan of margaritas so I stuck to the tequila.....straight up. No lime. No salt. Lime and salt insult the tequila. Served in a crystal Riedel tequila glass and NOT a frat boy shot glass, Frontera Grill gets it when it comes to serving tequila.And before you know it, a mere hour after we walked through the door, our pager goes off. Alas, our table was ready.Dinner was everything everyone says it is. Really fabulous food with the Rick Bayless interpretation. Loved the ceviche trio, the mole sauce over enchiladas and the chicken taquitos were like nothing we've ever tasted. My husband detests guacamole and he was like, "What's this green stuff. It's good!" Ahem. THAT honey, would be guacamole. You know, the green stuff you won't normally touch. The restaurant itself is fun and vibrant and has a cool vibe that sets the tone for tasty libations and excellent cuisine. Can't wait for our next trip to Chicago!How dare people even give this place anything less than 5 stars! Rick Bayless is a sheer genius. In case you didn't know, this is his flagship restaurant. I was completely looking forward to trying this place and it lived up to ALL my expectations! Four words: BEST. MEXICAN. FOOD. EVER.Here's what we ordered:Drinks--*Scarlet wave - fresh squeezed limeade floating with jamaica flower tea (iced, tangy tea of crimson Jamaica flowers) w/ dash of peychaud*Tangerine mojito - aromatic honey tangerines, d'aristi yucetan rum, lime, fresh mint.Both drinks were unique and refreshing! I felt like I was in heaven :)Appetizers--*Trio, trio, trio - three ceviches (see below for more detail)Ceviche Fronterizo (lime-marinated hawaian albacore with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, green chile; on crispy tostados)The lime was excellent and strong! Cilantro flavor was wonderful! You could tell it had been marinated for hours!!!Ceviche Yucateco (steamed mexican blue shrimp and calamri, lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jicama, cilantro w/ crispy tortilla chips)A nice sweet tang from the orange, but not overpowering. More subtle than the ceviche froterizo, but incredible on it's own. A beautiful twist on a classic!Coctel de Atun Tropical (sashimi-grade Hawaiian big eye tuna, avocado-tomatillo guacamole, tangy mango-grapefruit salsa).Tasted exactly like an ahi tartare. Not your typical ceviche. Probably the least exceptional of the trio. As with all three, the meat was incredibly fresh.Topolobampo tortilla soup - dark broth flavored with pasilla, grilled chicken, avocado, hand-made jack cheese, thick cream and crisp tortilla chips.Nothing really stood out. The dark broth makes it unique, but I can't quite put my finger on what that taste is. The flavor is quite mysterious and not really my preference, but it was still good. Sopes Rancheros - crispy corn masa boats, savory shredded beef, roasted tomato, avocado, homemade fresh cheese.The beef was oh-so-savory and the roasted tomato sauce was slightly spicy, but wonderfully juicy like a fresh tomato. The unique Masa boats had a great crunch and pleasantly held up well against the juicy broth.Meal--Falda asada "brava"- spicy serrano-marinated grassfed tall grass flank steak, salsa huevona (hand-crushed, grill-roasted tomatoes, jalapenos), grilled knob onions, sweet corn tamales with crema and fresh cheese.The tamales were unexpectedly sweet in a good way. The meat perfectly undercooked. The salsa was crazy addicting and a bit insanely spicy, but I loved it. The onions were sweet. Everything complimented each other nicely, especially the handmade tortillas! Ole!Dessert--Pastel de chocolate, cacahuate y mango - silky chocolate ganache cake, crunchy candied pecans, height-of-season mango, toasted peanut ice cream.This dessert looks like a torte. They claimed the mango was at the height of the season, but it tasted freaking sour! Nonetheless, I still think some fruit was necessary to balance out the oversweetened taste of the chocolate. I loved the extra salty nuts against the super sweet ganache, plus the cooling effect of the ice cream. It was a good dessert, but I've definitely had better.Can I just say...the service here is exceptional!!!! They don't rush you, they make recommendations to you, and the servers are actually Mexican, so they know what they're talking about! It's funny because the atmosphere is quite kick-back and low-key in many ways, but the incredible food and attentive service makes you feel like you're at a fine dining restaurant! At the same time, the place is very homey, feels extremely authentic, and makes me want to go to Mexico. I would say this restaurant literally combines the best of both worlds - and does it incredibly well! My bf and I loved this place so much that we bought a bajillion jars of Rick Bayless salsas! Yum!!!Hola! I returned to Frontera and expanded my horizons.....No enchiladas this time, I got the duck breast. Wow, was that awesome. Me likey!  For appetizers we ordered the guacamole (as good as I have had), the ceviche trio (still awesome) and the jicama pineapple salad, which I think I could have eaten by myself. Not that it was small...it was just way yummy. When I am drooling over something that doesn't involve fat, salt, or some sort of refined/processed sugar, you know it's good. For desserts, we split the chocolate pecan pie and the tres leches cake...we enjoyed both. A special shout to the blue agave margaritas...those, along with the fabulous company I was in, made the 2 hour wait for a table actually quite enjoyable.OMG Mr. Latinlover Bartender, Hola! Remember me I had the naked barbie on the bar taking photos of my cocktails.. (yes, cocktails, plural, that's how I roll) I want to thank you for serving me up some fantastic cocktails and making happy hour fun for all.  I ordered the tequilla version of the bloody mary and a Topelo margarita. I like them both equally. The bartenders were fun, attentive and did I mention cute too?  A great way to start the evening.Quick tip from the guy in 3A on de plane from Charlotte to Chicago... go early, they open around 5p. (Fact: really it's 520p). Sit at the bar and have a few drinks and appetizers. How did he know I would love Frontera? Maybe there is something about me that suggests I might enjoy happy hour.  It could have been the wine we were drinking at 10a. Gee thanks 3A, what a fountain of information.Thank God for Foodies.  Thank God for Chicago friends like my buddy Marc, born and raised in the vast megalopolis of Chicagoland.  My foodie friend Jeanne knew all about Rick Bayless, and that this was his flagship Chicago restaurant, and Marc knew where we could get metered parking downtown (if you know how much parking costs in downtown Chicago, you'll appreciate that mystical knowledge), and on a day where the windchill was approaching zero (that's absolute zero, I mean), we arrived to find a woman already standing there, waiting for the doors to open.  We went to a nearby Starbucks for a moment to warm up and when we returned a few minutes later, not only were the doors open, the restaurant was rapidly filling up.Now I know why:  We started out with Trio Trio Trio, three ceviches; one with tiny cubes of sunfish, one shrimp and avocado, and one tiny cubes of tuna.  Each tiny taste was an explosion of super fresh sashimi-quality fish, with the taste of lime, chiles, blood orange, and other supernatural ingredients.  This, along with a deceptively smooth margarita, and suddenly, you realize that it's not cold anymore, it's warm, and you're surrounded by the rich reds, yellows, and oranges of Mexico - indeed, you are surrounded by Mexican art that makes you wonder what else might be in those margaritas.The three of us decided to go three different directions with our entrees so we could sample each others.  I got the Wednesday special, suckling pig slowly roasted in banana leaves.  SO tender!  SO savory!  SO rich, I needed my friends to help me finish it.  The velvety black beans that accompanied it were perfect, the habanero sauce was nuclear fusion hot.  My foodie friend Jeanne got the wild-caught Alaskan king salmon, chipotle glazed with a peanut and chile sauce that was mild, but still out of this world.  My Chicago native pal Marc got a carne asada that defies its ordinary sounding name, like maybe !CARNE!  !ASADA! - it was possibly the best thing out of all three of our entrees.  Wood grilled and charred, sealing in a spicy red chile, blood red and tender on the inside, it came with guacomole, fried plantains, and some more velvety black beans.My crazy friends wanted desert, so they ordered a heavenly dulce leche chocolate cake that was so light, it nearly levitated off the plate.  I could only take the smallest bite because I was so full, I was afraid I might fall off my chair.We rolled out of there, happy that we'd had maybe the best of all of our very, very good Chicago meals.Yummy!  Frontera Grill is one of Rick Bayless's (from Top Chef) awesome establishment.  My Chicago Native friend took me to Frontera Grill for the first time!  I was informed that there is always a wait so it is best to make a reservation ahead of time.  Even so, expect to wait in a line.  We came for lunch at 11:30 and did not wait very long.  With new menus every month, this place gives you the incentive to continuously revisit  this nice venue.  Food was excellent!!  For appetizer, we had their Ceviche Yucateco which was steamed organic shrimp and calamari served in a margarita cup in lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jcama and cilantro mixture.  As my main course, I had their Tacos al Carbon with marinated duck!!  I never had duck at a Mexican-influenced eatery before, so that was definitely different and exciting.  Definitely worth it with their unlimited homemade tortillas!! MmMm.  While I had their tacos, my friend had the fish of the day special - which I was informed was filled with yumminess as well.For dessert, there is always room for dessert despite how overly stuffed I was with eating all of their amazing tortillas!!  It is all in the mindset - one should always make sure that there is ALWAYS room for dessert, or else the meals just doesn't feel complete!  We had the Duo de Flanes!  This included TWO Mexican caramel flan. mMmMm! One was a lemon based while the other was vanilla with pomegranate-orange salsa with raspberry.  OMG!Yum. Amazed. Happy. =DIt was our last day in Chicago and we happened to walk by Frontera Grill right as they opened for lunch.  No line!  Walked in and got seated.  Happy happy.  Started to wonder if we made the right choice in eating Mexican food with authentic spices right before boarding a seven hour train ride back home?  No question, we had made the right choice......it was fantastic.Our waiter was perfect.  He was friendly, professional and nice.  He gave suggestions when needed and took very good care of us.  The food was amazing.  It was fresh and seasoned perfectly.  I could easily eat the guacamole with a shovel out of a trough if given the opportunity.  The tacos al carbon were as tasty as they were beautiful.  The beans were perfect.  My partners food was just as good.We had always wanted to eat at a Rick Bayless restaurant and were so happy that the expectations that we had were met.  There wasn't much pressure on our experience since it was a last minute opportunity that we took advantage of.  But, we will definitely make it point to visit this, or either of his other two restaurants, next time we are in town.  PS.  The train ride home was perfectly calm!Second time at Frontera.  (Happy birthday to me!) And, again, LOVED it.  Our server (Vinnie Chase lookalike) was everything I want in a waiter at a place like this.  Friendly, very informative about the menu, made wonderful recommendations and coursed our meal out appropriately.  We loved him!The drinks: Mezcal has been my new favorite for a while, and the Mezcal margarita lived up to my expectations (I was dreaming about it the week before we went).  My sister loved her Tamarand/Chipolte margarita and boyfriend loved his fresh grapefruit margarita and later his champagne margarita.The food:Ostiones, duck carnitas sopes, goat empanada, spicy flank steak, garlicky pork loin, and pineapple ice for dessert.  It was fabulous. (There was also a shrimp enchilada but it had cilantro so I stayed away, my sis and boyfriend enjoyed it.)The disappointment:My mom had called ahead to buy us a round of drinks, and was assured by the person she spoke with, that it would not be an issue- "They do this all the time". However, there were no drinks, and my mom's nice gesture went unknown to us until she excitedly asked us about it later.  When she called back to ask what happened, she did not really get more than an "I'm sorry" from the staff.  It is too bad that this part of it put such a damper on the meal.  I'm sure if the host had told Vinnie Chase he would have taken care of it no prob!What a fun place to eat. Of course you all know that Rick Bayless, winner of Top Chef Masters owns this place, so it will be packed at all times. I actually opted to go to lunch when they opened to avoid the crowds - it worked, but still had to wait in line 10 minutes. No big deal. I really enjoyed the liveliness and uniquely decorated restaurant. Food: 5 Atmosphere: 5 Prices: 4.5 Now for the food... I started with a ceviche trio. WOW, I can't tell you how mouthwateringly (if that's a word) good all three were. Packed with unique flavors, as fresh as fresh can get, and just perfect. My main course was an order of the chocolate mole enchiladas. Normally I don't order mole, but after hearing Rick discuss all of the preparation and ingredients that go into his mole, I had to try it. Once again, the food was nothing less than perfect. The mole dragged your taste buds in, making you wonder how many flavors you could taste with a single bite. The mole was rich, chocolaty, savory, a tiny bit spicy, and just perfect for the enchiladas, or anything for that matter. I would have liked to try another 10 items on the menu, but just couldn't do it.  I am really looking forward to returning next time I am in Chicago.A true Top Chef Master.Food: 5 Atmosphere: 5 Prices: 4.5I've been to Frontera several times and have never been disappointed with my meals.  The food is delicious and the service is helpful and friendly.I recommend their raw oysters, which are served with a couple of sauces - a tomatillo habanero mignonette and a chipotle garlic salsa.  Fresh limes and bottled hot sauces are also great with the oysters.My favorite entree is the Carne Asada A La Oaxaquena, which is a rib eye steak that's marinated in spicy red chile, wood grilled, and served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole.  I love this combination and have ordered this meal quite a few times.I also tried huitlacoche for the first time at Frontera.  They were in enchiladas - the huitlacoche and roasted vegetables wrapped in fresh corn tortillas, topped with a tomatillo sauce and melted Jack cheese.  It was a great vegetarian option.Of course, the margaritas are fantastic.  And if you still have room, the desserts are excellent as well.  This is one Chicago restaurant where the hype is well deserved.There's only one man in my life who could possibly threaten my relationship and that man is Rick Bayless -- a reedy bespectacled earnest-looking man with a goatee. I've been a fan of Bayless since the early 2000s when I avidly watched his cooking show on PBS that was introduced to me by my roommate of Mexican descent. I fell in love with his dishes and his genuine enthusiasm for Mexican cuisine. With him, Mexican food became more than rice and refried beans. It was elevated to haute cuisine and celebrated the way French and Italian cuisine is celebrated in the finest restaurants in the US. A few years later, I decided to go to Chicago to visit a friend and he fulfilled my dream of dining at Frontera Grill. The food was sublime and I was eager to go back.Thanks to a conference I had a trip to Chicago planned and paid for.Naturally Frontera Grill was my first destination.We started with GUACAMOLE and freshly-made tortilla chips. Theguacamole was smooth and creamy, dotted with cubed tomatoes and diced onions. But what really made this were the freshly-made tortilla chips. Warm and fresh, and deliciously salty, they elevated this to a whole new level.We thought it would be more fun to get a bunch of little appetizers to share, which turned out to be the right idea as we got to try a bunch of different things. I swear each one was a perfect little bite. STREET FOOD TRIO: Two pieces each: potosinas (fresh cheese, avocado, crema, Tamazula), pork flautas (guajillo salsa, peashoots), sopes (shredded beef, roasted tomato, green chile). I loved everything, but especially the sopes. The shredded beef was amazing! MOLE POBLANO ENCHILADAs: Gunthorp free-range chicken, grill-roasted red onions.  I thought I hated mole sauce. No, it turns out that when it's made correctly, I *love* mole. There was a deep rich flavor that was accented by a hint of cacao. Other mole sauce had tasted as if people accidentally dropped a batch of chocolate into the sauce, but not at Frontera. I wanted more.TACOS AL CARBON: Wood-grilled chicken, roasted poblano rajas, guacamole, two salsas. Yum, nothing like tacos to fill up whatever little empty corners of your stomach. For dessert, we got DUO DE FLANES: A duo of caramel custards: classic Mexican vanilla bean & Gentle Breezes honey with Bayless Garden lemon verbena. Honey-poached apricot & honeycomb candy. The honeycomb candy stole the show. Crispy and lightly sweet, it provided the perfect textural counterpart to the soft flan.Rick Bayless, you rock my socks. Move to NY. We need you here.Great place with really different Mexican food.  Don't get me wrong, I like regular Mexican food from a couple of joints around here but this was nothing like that and delicious.  I enjoyed  the assorted appetizer plate we got, it seemed really big yet we ate all of it.  I had the best Carne Asada of my life and then we got Mexican strawberry shortcake and hot chocolate for dessert.  I was stuffed.One of the perks of being married to a Spanish teacher, she will take you to some great new Mexican places.As R. Kelly would say, "Fiesta, Fiesta" I'm picky about my Mexican. This is, as most know, due to the fact that you can dine at places across all spectrums. And, dare I say - I do enjoy the "upscale" Mexican experience.I recently dined at Frontera with some co-workers and was blown away. The margaritas are just to my liking. Strong, salty, big, everlasting. We also got the guacamole - which was so great. I ordered the quesadillas ... which were something I've never experienced before. Delicious beyond belief. The menu was great - had a wide variety of traditional and contemporary Mexican dishes and I think any diner would love this experience.It can get quite crowded - call ahead & get a table beforehand.Never had a bad meal here.  This is one of the few restaurants on GNR's in the near north and it is for a reason.  Careful, the topolo margarita will knock you on your butt.  I had a couple of those puppies last night on an empty stomach and I was wrecked.  They just taste so delicious and go down so easy.  What I would do to be able to make mine exactly like that.  Unfortunately it takes more than just throwing some Sauza Conmemorativo in a glass.  Tequilla is slowing becoming my new best friend.I feel dirty giving Rick 3 stars.  I met him in Aspen, and he's a really nice guy who is a great chef.  Unfortunately the "B" team was on duty at Frontera last night.After a 2.5 hour wait, I expected sparks to be flying out of my mouth while I was eating.  Didn't happen, not even a little teeny tiny spark.I will start by saying the service was ok considering how busy they were.  But I've eaten and made much better Mexican food.  We got a few Pacifico's as it's the only real Mexican beer we like.  And we ordered the sampler appetizer.  The taquitos were a little overcooked but ok; the guac had a really strange "chew" in it that it shouldn't have; the quesadillas were really empenadas with cheese in them but still had no flavor; and then the ceviche...sigh...I really was looking forward to this, but the ceviche was a little chewy.  Probably because it was made hours earlier, what a crime.For entrees I got a marinated steak dish and the wife got tacos al carbon with steak.  Both were ok but unremarkable.  The refried beans were great.  And the marinade they use on the steak tasted like they used achiote seasoning, nothing remarkable for $100.We can say we tried it, but won't be back.  It might have been an off night for the kitchen, who knows.Oh, they have a bar, but only very SPECIFIC drinks, no vodka, no gin.Does Rick Bayless need my positive review on Yelp? Ummm, noooo, but he's agonna get it! Haha Hands down the best tamale I ever had-- and it was with goat meat, go figure. We walked in, no reservation on a Friday shortly after open. We could wait 40 minutes for a table or be seated immediately at the bar. We took the bar. A pleasure! Everything was wonderful! It was a pricey lunch for sure (I got the most expensive entree on the menu, plus we both had an app, and shared a dessert) but it was a special occasion and a unique dining experience. So excited to have had my first Rick "Top Chef Masters" Bayless experience!! Yay! P.S. Make a reservation. Don't go rogue like I did!Bayless is an amazing chef and has groomed numerous other now amazing Mexican chefs who've worked for him over the years in Chicago.  Frontera Grill has been open since 1987 yet every night you walk in and it has all the buzz of a hyped up place on it's grand opening night, and also all the friendliness, cleanliness and style of a new place.  Seems that he knows how to treat his staff as I'd guess 90% of them are still happy working there for the entire 6 years that I've been visiting.  You truly cannot go wrong on the menu here, but I often order simple classics like tamales, chicken with mole, or tacos al carbon just to remind myself how wonderfully flavorful Rick's team can execute creation of such seemingly simple things.  Don't go here with an expectation or plan of eating quickly.  You'll likely wait in line for a table even if you show up at their 5pm opening time.  Eating here IS a privilege and when the food finally comes to your table, you'll want to stay longer and spend time appreciating it.  I'm pretty sure he's not of Mexican decent but Rick has perhaps studied more about Mexican culture and spent more time in Mexico than many Mexican Americans.  I understand that he closes his adjoining restaurants Topolobompo/Frontera Grill in Chicago for at least an entire week each year in order to fly every one of his restaurant staff members to Mexico for an expense paid vacation/cultural immersion and food exploration.  The service people here are so knowledgeable and professional, they make every visit great even when it's too crowded to walk to the bar.  I can't wait to visit Chicago once again just to dine at Frontera Grill.  Rick please open 1 more restaurant in northern California for those of us now living on the west coast!I came skeptical, as I'm a believer in cheap, authentic Mexican fare... I left having eaten the BEST tacos of my life! I didn't know anything about Rick Bayless before coming here, but I can assure you that he is an EXPERT at melding flavors. Every dish we tried was complicated and layered in taste, and every bite was extremely well-balanced in its flavors.THE TOPOLA MARGARITA: smooth. Strong. But pricey.THE CEVICHE TRIO SAMPLER: had to try them all! Seafood with a tangy twist and chips on the side--layered-flavors amazingness. Our fave was the Yucateco (calamari), followed by the Coctel de Atun Tropical (sashimi-grade tuna and guacamole), followed by the Fronterizo (albacore).THE SOPES RANCHEROS: corn shells with pork, numerous fixings, and ranchero sauce. Melded together awesomely. One of my faves, at a good price.THE PATO EN MOLE DE PINON: duck with mole sauce. The mole here tastes very earthy and complex. Not exactly my taste but it was interesting. The duck was a bit dry. We drenched it in the mole sauce. Our least favorite dish.THE TACOS AL CARBON: the carne asadas was cooked perfectly medium rare, and the flour tortillas were AMAZEBALLS. I'm salivating just remembering it right now. So, so good. I was sad I only got to eat two. Favorite!THE DUO DE FLANES: one coconut flan and one classic  vanilla flan for dessert (like we needed to eat more by that time). Pretty good. Beautiful presentation.THE FROTHY MEXICAN HOT CHOCOLATE: So we're total gluttons. However, we only ordered one and they gave us two for the price of one... thanks! Yummy, though you probably won't need it unless you're as indulgent as we.Obviously, it's pricier than your local taqueria, but you get your money's worth for the best combination of flavors ever (and a hip, swanky yet casual atmosphere). Will probably never bump it up the extra fancy notch to Topolobampo, because Frontera does it for me.We were told there was an hour and thirty minute wait (7:30 on a Friday night), so we went to the bar for a margarita.  To our surprise, thirty minutes later we had a table for two in the dining room.We got the appetizer sampler, which was a great way to explore a few of their tasty starter options at once.  They said it had a 'little' guacamole but it had a pretty decent sized glob which made me happy (it was delicious).  I had a michelada and my wife had a champagne margarita, both were delicious but not the type of drinks you could sip on all night.  We both got tacos, fish and pork, per the waiter's recommendations and they were outstanding.  My only compliant was that the little bean sides that came with the tacos weren't that impressive - I expected something more unique or exciting. Overall, this is a must go place and you're going to be satisfied when you leave.  For the price ($120 total for app, 2 mains, 4 drinks) its a steal and a great experience.Rick Bayless does it right.  I visited Chicago for a mini vacay, and there was not a trace of food left on our plates.  Look at the b4 and after pics I posted.  Completely worth the 45 minute wait!Drink: I got the classic and the champagne margarita, and they were the perfect ratio of tequila to sweet stuff.  Appetizer: Trio Trio Trio!  My favorite of the three samplings was the tuna. All three samplings were fresh, and had a unique and tasty flavor.  Entree: My friend got the: Enchiladas de Coloradito: homemde tortillas rolled around Maple Creek Farm braised pork shoulder and bacon, doused with classic mole coloradito (ancho chile, sweet spices). I took that straight from the menu.  Had a little spice, and more earthy flavor.  I got the special which was lamb and 'mexican squash' cooked in parchment paper.  Served with greens, a lime, and corn tortillas.  I love lamb, and this was one of the most memorable lamb dishes i've ever had.  Dessert: Chocolate cake w/passion fruit ice cream.  It was more like a tan looking cake &  passion fruit ice cream w/chocolate drizzled on top.  But who cares what it's called.  The cake had a perfect contrasting not-too-sweet flavor, especially compared to the ice cream.  You can't go wrong here.  i'm sure I could have closed my eyes and picked out a delicious meal.  I'm jealous of those who live in Chicago and can eat here often.went with a bunch of yelpers for lunch and it was good.  I shared the appetizer plate, and never thought I liked ceviche but it was awesome! The tacos al carbon I shared with Andrea was also good, very moist chicken, and I really like the accompanying beans.  My only complaint was that they didn't tell us promptly that one of our dishes was unavail.I had also been here a couple of years ago for a work party in the private room, and I remember really enjoying the drinks and enjoyed the food too.in the simplest of terms, I liked XOCO better. It's cheaper, faster, and with a simpler menu. For the eater that's on the GO, head to XOCO. I guarantee you won't have HOT PLATE, I hate HOT PLATE.Liked the mojito, loved the ceviche.  If you have a client meeting...take them to Frontera Grill...it may just help you close a deal.I thought I had reviewed this place before.We had always wanted to try this place and reservations were made.We arrived and were seated fairly promptly which was nice.It's been a while but I remember we had the ceviche trio sampler which was excellent. The taste of each one was so different yet so refreshing. That was probably the highlight.The tacos and carne asada which we had as our entrees were great as well. The problem is that this place was just not super memorable, it had hype and we were looking forward to it but more than just to try this place it wasn't quite there.The service was fine, it took a while between courses but that in itself wasn't a big deal when you have good company.Hard to put your finger on it, I'd definitely recommend coming here to try the cuisine, then you can be the judge!Rick Bayless is the ambassador of Mexican food to our unsuspecting American palates.  With wife Deann he has traveled what seems to be every part of the country, eating his ways across taquerias, fondas, fine restaurants and home kitchens.His restaurant captures the very best of true Mexican cooking. On a recent visit to the Windy City, we searched for this establishment on Clark.  Come early as they do not accept reservations.After waiting for ages to find the time to come here, (the waits are usually long) and after all the hype, I have to give this place 3 stars to be fair. The food is quite good. It's a fresh, upscaled take on typical Mexican cuisine. My comparison would be to imagine what Lula Cafe would serve if they served Mexican food. Quality and size to match.I enjoyed the margaritas, guac and pork tacos ( I know, not the most adventurous selection), but for what you pay in the end, you could get a fine meal at many other places. The only thing I was disappointed in was the side of black beans totally wasting space on my plate. The service was less than average this time. I don't like having to flag the waitstaff down to order another drink or get the check.I'd probably come back if I was with other people who wanted to come..I live in southern California and I can't find anything as good as Frontera.  This is simply my favorite restaurant in Chicago.  Now clear your schedule because the wait times are insane-but it's so worth it.  Go with a bunch of people and share.  Ceviche: fresh, tangy..  Queso Fundido:  Cheese with chorizo sausage, onions, peppers--a cheese lovers delight, a heart attack waiting to happen perhaps, melty, gooey, even a little oily--but you need some oil to soak up some of the tequila.  Duck quelsadillas-perfection.  Black beans are just right...Rick's cookbooks are also the real deal.  My mom has channeled him on occasion.Also, it's just a cool place with trippy art everywhere--even the bartender has a Surrealist Salvador Dali-esque mustache.First, let me say that the food is excellent and the service is generally good.  We try to come a few times a year from the Chicago suburbs.  We have frequented both Frontera and on special occasions, Topo.  With the limited reservation policy, we always  start our trek early, so we can be in the front of the inevitable line.  We accept that we will have to wait, and have always felt it was worth it.  We left at 3:00 for an hour and fifteen minute drive in.  Got there by 4:15, and were thrilled to see we were the fourth group in line.  When the staff came out at about ten to five to begin taking names, we were told that our choices were the bar or outside seating, and they would not be able to sit us in the dining room until 8:00 or 8:30!!  Given that the website touts that "our dining room is mostly seated on a first come, first serve basis" we were surprised and more than a little put out.  We were told the dining room was mostly filled with reservations!!  We never had this problem before, and given the stated policy, we did not anticipate having this problem now.The bar, especially on Saturday night, gets packed with people standing, waiting, moving in and out, using the restroom, etc., and it definitely detracts from the experience. Outdoor seating is okay, but it was not really what we wanted.  Given our place in line, we anticipated having a choice, including dining room.  We spoke to the manager, who kept telling us he wanted to find a resolution to our issue, but his only suggested resolution was to sit in the bar.  With no real choice, we took outside.The meal was very good as usual, and the server was very good as well, (although sometimes service can be hit or miss).   The whole seating situation definitely was a big negative however.  We don't know what to believe now.  Do we wait the months for a "limited" reservation, or take our chances with what has always worked, getting there early and waiting in line?  The answer, unfortunately, is to go somewhere else.  There are plenty of fine restaurants in Chicago, and many fine Mexican restaurants.  It is time to give our business. to them.  Frontera obviously won't miss us, as they are as packed as ever, and apparently have no problem treating the loyal customers waiting patiently on line year after year, as after thoughts.  Perhaps it has just gotten too famous for us.I've got to say, I was pumped to try this place. If my husband were yelping this review, he'd probably give it 5 stars... but it's not him... so deal.I base this only on the dish I ordered and nothing else. Hence the "Meh, I've experienced better" rating.I love Mexican food. I am probably the most loyal to Mexican food than any other genre. Since this place has a trillion yelps already, I won't bore you with the obvious about Rick Bayless and all that.I will tell you that I am frustrated that everytime I order a vegetarian entree, I am given the most random dish as I watch all the others around me indulging in normalcy. Just because I don't consume meat does not mean I want to have the ONLY filling of my "vegetable enchiladas" be collard greens and beets (with no seasoning = tastes like dirt). I've eaten a lot of vegetables, but just because this is a "fancy" restaurant in the Mexican scene, it doesn't mean I want to eat reject vegetables. Maybe SOMEONE actually likes beets and collard greens. If so, I don't want to eat with them.My husband LOVED his chicken tortilla soup and dish consisting of 3 small corn tortillas topped with chorizo, egg, and chicken. Seriously, why the normalcy with his meal? Why couldn't they feed him horse guts or something? One thing I will say is that the food did taste fresh (literally, they probably pulled my collard greens and beets right out of the ground, chopped, sans washing, and stuck them into my enchilada within 15 minutes). The enchilada sauce was amazing and obviously housemade. The corn tortillas were also freshly prepared and delicious. I'd go back, but I will definitely be ordering something that is more normal. I'd probably try XOCO first, though. It's right next door and they appear to have more normal foods-- I mean... they sell churros! Of course since this Rick Bayless guy is apparently the God chef of Chicago, I may need to camp out in a tent the night before in order to eat.I've visited Chicago twice and only for three-day trips both times but I've managed to dine at Frontera Grill four times.  I heart this place.My last trip was at the end of September and I was worried that I wouldn't be able to get a table since Rick Bayless recently won Top Chef Masters.  Luckily, I was able to score a reservation for the night I arrived.  But that's because I called 5 weeks in advance and it was for a Thursday night dinner @ 9:00 p.m..The food is fantastic - both at dinner and brunch.  At dinner, we split a bunch of small plates and all were seasonal, complex, and delicious.  Loved the sopes, tortilla soup, and anything with mole sauce.  Service was very helpful and friendly. We sat at the bar for brunch and every so often Rick Bayless would pop out of the kitchen and survey the dining room just a few feet away from us.  I swear, I did my best Linda Blair imitation that morning, whipping my head around every time I heard the door to the kitchen swing open.  Yep, I am a crazy foodie/stalker.I don't love that the tables are packed REALLY close together and you still need to wait at least 30 minutes even with a reservation.  That being said, I will still make a beeline here the next time I visit Chicago.We went with a neutral attitude, given Bayless's celebrity status.  I'm here to say: It lives up to the hype!  Not a fancy place at all, but all the food was very fresh and made from scratch.  Our favorite was a corn soup.  All the dishes were great.   I don't normally like cocktails, but these were well balanced, creative, tasty, and worth a try.We live right near Mexico in Tucson, and this was the real deal but better than you find in my home town. The service was top notch too, and they handle the long wait really smoothly at the front desk: you come back an hour after putting your name on the list.  I thought prices were reasonable considering the quality of the food.My husband and I were shocked -- SHOCKED -- that this place didn't have 5 stars on Yelp.  Shame on you reviewers for giving 1 star because you're too lazy to plan ahead with a reservation or because you didn't check to see if they could accommodate an allergy.I have to say that this was probably one of the best meals I've ever had.  Ever.  My husband made a reservation a couple months in advance and it was totally worth the wait.  The salsas that came with the chips were amazing.  Margaritas - so delicious.  Each drink was great in its own way.  Highly recommend the carne asada... I am drooling remembering it.  The duck in mole sauce was also incredible (but the mole is very subtle, so don't destroy your mouth with the habanero salsa before eating it, like my husband did). It was a pricey meal but amazing for a special occasion.The food here is fresh, organic, and delicious! We arrived at 11:30am and there was a line out the door!!!! WHAT THE HECK?? There was about 20 people ahead of us but luckily we were able to snatch a seat. What I didnt understand was why there were so many open tables. I had asked to be seated at an open table for 2, but was told the table was unavailable. WHY?!?!?! They dont even take reservations so I dont understand why it was unavailable. Anyways, we were offered a counter seat and being crunched for time, we decided to take it. The menu here changes monthly so our waitress wasnt able to tell us what a signature dish is at this restaurant.  So we ordered the guacamole as an appetizer. I ordered the Camarones a la Veraniega  (garlic-marinated fresh Gulf shrimp served with daily-changing "rooftop salsa" of tomatoes and chiles from the restaurants rooftop garden, with green onion-studded Gulf-style white rice, cilantro salad) and my friend ordered the Milanesa de Puerco (crunchy-coated Maple Creek pork loin served with roasted tomato sauce, black beans and pickled red onions). Both dishes were delicious!!! And the seating at the bar was not uncomfortable at all. Overall a great experience!Perhaps it's me or perhaps the days I am going there but I've never been impressed by Rick's cooking.   I think he stretches the bounds of traditional Mexican cooking which is how he bills Frontera.  My recent visit was today with a good sized group for lunch.   We started with guacamole for the table.  The guac was good, but for the cost and the place, I was expecting better.  It pales in comparison to Adobo's table side guac.   A few folks had the tortilla soup but they mentioned it was very much like french onion.   For lunch, I had pork tacos made al pastor style.   These were not anything like al pastor - they were dry, not flavorful, lacking the pineapple relish and I had to ask for limes.   The refried beans that came with the dish were the highlight of the meal.     A few folks had the seafood stew which they said reminded them of cioppino and looked good and they said tasted good.To top it off, (as I noticed at other places) service was slow with the group.   I've noticed this happen at many places when the tip is guaranteed.   It took 90 minutes for having lunch which downtown seems like an eternity.Normally, I'm not a fan of any "ethnic" restaurants located in Gold Coast/River North because my immediate reaction to them is usually something along the lines of "I can get the same quality food for half the price in Chinatown/Argyle/Pilsen/etc".  What can I say - the frugal in me is hard to keep down.  But my fiancée has been clamoring to go to Frontera Grill ever since she started watching Rick Bayless on Top Chef Masters (damn you, Bravo!).  So off we went this past Saturday to grab brunch at Frontera Grill and to see how legit is the Bayless hype.  The first thing we realized about Frontera Grill was that the Top Chef Masters effect was definitely in ... uh ... full effect.  We were quoted a one hour wait for brunch, which I thought was a little bit crazy considering the size of the restaurant.  But then we learned that dining at the bar is first-come-first-serve so we immediately swooped in on a couple empty bar stools.  Unless you're with a large group, I would definitely recommend eating at the bar - full menu with little to no wait.  Plus the bartenders do a pretty decent job multitasking between taking care of customers who are eating and making drinks so no drop off in service either.Anyway, what about the food?  Well, I won't say it blew me away but it was pretty damn good.  Here's what we got:Drink 1: Blackberry Mojito ($10.00) - Refreshing and sweet.  Great summer drink.  Not very boozy but still quite delicious.Drink 2: Mezcal Margartia ($10.00) - Despite having a pinkish color, the drink itself had a rather smoky flavor.  Definitely not like a regular margarita but in a good way.Appetizer: "Entrems Surtido" ($7.50 per person) - Basically a sampler appetizer platter that included quesadillas, taquitos ceviche, jicama salad and guacamole.  Warning: this dish is HUGE.  As good as everything was on the plate, I almost wouldn't recommend it because you'll be so full after eating it that you won't have any room left for your entrees.Entrée 1: "Tacos al Carbon" ($15.00) - You can pick from a list of meats; my fiancée went with duck, which she thought was quite tasty.  The dish comes with guacamole, beans, salsa and tortillas and the portions are pretty hefty, especially after chowing down on the "Entrems Surtido".Entrée 2:  "Pozole Rojo" ($11.50) - A pork and hominy stew with a poached egg on top.  The pork was very tender and the soup was bursting with flavor.  I think I would've enjoyed this dish even more if it was 30 degrees out but it was still quite good despite it being a hot summer day.  The stew comes with lettuce, radishes and tortilla chips on the side, which I think you're supposed to toss into the stew to give it some crunch (that's what I did at least).All in all, it was a very good meal.  The food wasn't remarkable in that I feel like I've had comparable dishes at other places in Chicago (Mixteco, Fonda del Mar) but it was still very tasty and everything was prepared well.  The prices are a little high for what you're getting but still pretty reasonable.  My advice is to not buy into the hype that's been generated by Bayless's success on Top Chef Masters and just go in with no expectations except to have a good meal.  I think as long as you're not excepting to be blown away, you'll enjoy Frontera Grill.I looooove me some Mexican food...but I don't get what's so special about Frontera Grill. I'm not saying the food isn't good--because it is. I just don't get what all the fuss is about! Maybe Rick Bayless' intricately crafted delicacies are too sophisticated for my down-home, carne asada loving palette.Or maybe I really shouldn't have had two of those delicious margaritas first thing in the morning, while waiting for my brunch to arrive.I was sooooo deterred knowing that this was a Rick Bayless restaurant since his resto Red O in LA SUCKED.  I mean it was bland, expensive, and didn't do it for me.  I came here because my bf is a huge fan of his and only agreed to come to Chicago to dine here.Reservations:Plan in advance.  I tried to get a rez a week ahead and nothing was available on the weekend.  Take your chances:We said screw it and walked straight to Frontera Grill from the hotel right when we settled in after we landed.  We were prepared to wait an hour+ but when I asked for a table they had one at the chef bar for 2.  Perfect!  We were lucky!Environment and vibe:Very casual and the staff are very personable.  Made you feel very welcome and they would give honest opinions on what will taste best and with what.  For example I ordered a cocktail but my ribeye dish was coming soon.  Our waiter told me to get a glass of pinot noir bc I was eating red meat.  The glass of wine was cheaper too so he definitely was looking out for my best interest at heart than a fat tip.Food:Trio sample ceviche - all three were different and served in mini martini glasses with a tray of chips.  I would say this one was average bc 1 was pretty good, the other alright then the 3rd one was too sweet.  Ceviche verde de jurel (yellowtail) - now THIS ceviche was really good.  Very flavorful with lots of citrus & cilantro flavors.Carne asada a la oaxaquena (ribeye) - THIS is the dish you MUST order!  The ribeye steak is perfectly marinated and then fried/broiled.  I was in heaven eating this.  The plaintain with that white sauce and mild white crumbled cheese (I think that's what it was) was so good too.  It had a scoop of guacamole and I would eat the steak with it... and a touch of the habanero sauce that we requested to have that true Mexican taste.  It was the YUMS!Falda asada brava (slices of skirt steak) - I thought this steak was ok because it's bland compared to the ribeye however the sweet corn tamale was DELISH!  I actually never had a tamale before and was told that I am pretty much ruined for all tamales after this one.  From Red "NO" to Frontera Grill my view towards Rick Bayless has completely changed.  Thank god we were able to eat here.  The bf is a happy camper.  :)I made a reservation here three months in advance for my boyfriend's birthday. We'd been wanting to try Frontera for forever, so we were determined to try as many things on the menu as we could fit in our bellies.EVERYTHING was good. The tortilla soup, guacamole, taquitos, and margaritas to boot! They even did a special dessert with a candle and "Happy Birthday" written across it for my boyfriend.Service was impeccable and the company was even better. We will be back!Walk into the bar - order a Topolo Margarita and steal a seat in the bar seating area.Get a few apps and have one or two more Topolo's and life is fantastic.Rick Bayless (Chef and Owner) is Mexican gourmet + real tradition flavor King. This isn't a restaurant or an idea - this is a way of life for this man - his passion and love for the culture burns straight into you and your hooked forever.After coming here for 15+ years, I have grown into not eating the entrees much and just diving in for the variety of the apps - feel cheated to be stuck with one entrees :)With all due respect to Yelp-pro "Ed to the M," San Diego is NOT the Mecca of Mexican Food -- the San Antonio-Austin corridor is.  I grew up there and live in San Francisco now.  The Mexican food is pretty good here.  Nothing like Tex-Mex, but if you like burritos, the Mission is the place for 'em.I was in Chicago to visit my sister and text messaged my buddy from San Antonio, asking if he had any restaurant recommendations.  This guy is a serious foodie and a great cook.  When he recommended Frontera Grill -- a Mexican restaurant in Chicago?! -- I was dumbstruck.it's all been said before, but the food is absolutely spectacular -- Chef Rick Bayless is a genius.  The combinations of ingredients and tastes were just extraordinary.  I've travelled all over Mexico, Central America and Spain and have never tasted ceviche like Frontera's trio.Ed to the M, no way this place is "El Torito with a fusion-y twist."  Next time I'm in Chicago, I'm going back to Frontera.We arrive a little before closing time but we were never treated like last minute customers..the service was excellent the food delicious the drinks both alcoholic and non were refreshing. This experience far exceeded my expectations.I can think of no better way to kick off a vacation than with an exceeded expectation by Rick Bayless' Frontera Grill, which has been lauded as the best upscale Mexican in the country. Though we barely put a dent in the menu, we liked what we saw and first impressions matter most.My gal pal wasn't feeling up to a full meal and ordered the Jicama Cellejera ($4.50), which was an appetizer-sized portion of sliced cucumbers and jicama dusted with achiote, lime, and pineapple juice. Some of the jicama pieces on top were doused with the overpowering spiciness and GC ate all of the pineapple pieces before I could try the dish in its entirety. My incomplete verdict is to render the dish nothing too special, though the combination of peppery achiote, tangy sweet pineapple, and tart lime was interesting.Each summer Bayless' chefs take a one-week reprieve from the restaurant to go on a work-related, culinary research excursion. This year they made it down to the Yucatan--where the cosmopolitan cuisine takes notes from both Mexican and Western influences--and came back with an amendment of especialidades for the menu.For JH and I, this meant a traditional achiote grilled fish or Pescado Tikin Xik ($17), served with a roasted tomato-habanero salsa, Mexican rice, and pea tendrils.  Warm corn tortillas were brought on the side. Achiote paste is a common marinade found in Yucatean cuisine and is a combination of annatto (what gives it its fiery red color), cumin, oregano, garlic, pepper, cloves, cinnamon, and allspice.   The banana-leaf grilling method led to an incredibly moist and succulent filet of mahi mahi, while the achiote rub gave it a deep smoke and pepperiness. There was added heat from the habanero in the salsa, while the acidity in the tomatoes cooled it all down.  The Mexican rice was aromatic with notes of ancho chile powder and the pea tendrils was crisp and lightly dressedThe dish was both my friend and foe--enraging my taste buds at first and soothing them after. Though I would have liked for the flan to be creamier, I was impressed by the infusion of lime and dragon fruit that really sang from within the layers of egg, milk, and sugar in the Flan de Pitaya ($7.50).  The raspberry-guanabana salsa took the pucker out of tart and left only a fresh sweetness to awaken the taste buds. The restaurant was packed for a 2pm lunch seating and with its vibrant food and festive atmosphere, I can certainly see why.Frontera grill is great Mexican food . It's has a fresh and exciting menu with so many good things to eat.  I like Rick's take on Mexican cuisine.   It was hard to make up my mind.  The soup I had was killer! The atmosphere is fun.  Awesome Mexican food well worth the wait.  All I can say is my taste buds are loving me...went for lunch, I need to come here for dinner but what I really want to do is go back a try Mr. Bayless's take on the gourmet Mexican dinner at Topolobompo.4.5 StarsI agree with what a lot of people have already said on Frontera Grill -- the food is wonderful and it's always a treat to eat here and don't think it ever disappoints. Great drinks too -- the Margaritas as amazing. I've lived in CA  and spent time in Mexico -- and while I think Ed M has a point -- it's not always possible to go to San Francisco, San Diego or Mexico -- and in my case Chicago is a little closer and Frontera is great -- I think Rick Bayless is not adequately appreciated in our new food celebrity vs chef trend -- and he is really good with meats -- especially grilled.What more can be said about Frontera that hasn't been said before.The food combines the best of authenticity with the nuevo cuisine styles of Rick Bayless.The drinks are ridiculous. The Golden Margarita (the standard) is better than any that I have had.The service is very helpful (although the Topolobompo service is something to behold, and just across the restaurant).My only qualm is that I can never get a seat here. Seriously, why can't we take some reservations for groups smaller than 6?I read a blip in one of the freebie DC papers that named Frontera Grill the best restaurant in the USA, so I just had to check it out!Although the drinks, service and food were all good, I'm still trying to figure out what makes it the best restaurant in the country!  Unfortunately, the article didn't specify what the accolade was based on.I will say the chips and guacamole were really good, don't miss out on those!  Frontera was good, but there are so many great food choices in Chicago.I was so so so excited to eat here.  I'd completely drank the kool-aid and was fully on board the Rick Bayless bandwagon, despite hating the food at XOCO.Maybe it was because it was restaurant week, but I got the worst tacos I've ever eaten in my life.  Because I don't live on the wild side, I usually order basic dishes because it's tough to mess them up, and someone like Rick Bayless should be able to revolutionize the taco.That was just not the fact.  It wasn't spicy or salty, or gritty or gross.  It was just... bleh.  Bland.  Boring. Flavorless.   Unacceptable for Mexican food.The service was alright, but I assume they are used to a tremendous amount of traffic and therefore should be able to run the shop accordingly.  All of the servers seemed rushed, overworked, and kind of reminded me of the greeters at Walmart.  Just plain sick of the cog.I don't think I'll be back, this is strike two for Rick, and I just can't handle what this would do to my respect for "Top Chef".I will pretend that Frontera Grill really needs my review to get their name out there. Usually it is that 936th review that makes a difference.All I will say is that I have been to dozens of Mexican restaurants in the city of Chicago. Every time I go to Frontera, I ask myself, "Why would I ever go to any other Mexican restaurant? ".Be prepared to wait a bit. But most of the times that you have to wait for your food, there is a good reason for it.If you haven't been here, GO.After trying unsuccessfully to make a reservation, we showed up 10 minutes after opening time on a Tuesday night. We were virtually ignored by the front desk, except for being told it was a three-hour wait. While standing around trying to decide where else to go, the manager told us he'd had a cancellation and we got a table. The margaritas are excellent, and the cranberry-sour cream ice cream was really good, but that's about it. We ordered the mixed appetizer platter for the table, and found the "quesadillas" to be unrecognizable puffed dough things with a little cheese in the middle. The rest of the apps were good, not great. We had children with us, and asked our waiter if they could make a plain bean burrito. We were told "we don't have burritos". Ok, but you have beans and you have tortillas, so do you need me to show how to turn those into a burrito? For the prices we paid, I would have expected a little more accommodating attitude.Two of us ordered the chicken mole poblano enchiladas. When they came, they had clearly been sitting under the heat lamp way too long. My friend's was cold, and mine was lukewarm, with tough tortillas and solidified beans. None of the other diners were particularly blown away by the food either. I'd say go for the margaritas, but be prepared to wait hours. I was really looking forward to eating here, but I won't go again.I have been trying to get to Frontera Grill for dinner over the last 3 years.   Never been able to get a dinner reservation so I finally decided to come for brunch.   The Michelin Chicago guide said that it is possible to get in for brunch and they were right.  If you come in around open time at 10:30 there is no wait.   If you come in closer to noon, the line is pretty long.I came to try th Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena which was featured on Best Things I Ever Ate.   This thin cut of ribeye is marinated and has great flavor.   Given how thin it is, it didn't come out at the medium rare I requested.   It was good, but not worth the close to $30 price tag.The Mexican hot chocolate drink I had for dessert was the highlight of my meal!  Rich, creamy, and not too sweet.I am glad I finally got to try out Frontera Grill, but my conclusion is that it is overhyped!If you've read my previous adventures in Mexican restaurants, you'll know that I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food.  If you haven't I'm here to tell you I find it sits like a rock in the bottom of my stomach !But, this, this was wonderful !   We went on  Friday night, and given the reviews, decided to stick out a 1.5 hour wait, and then were lucky enough to sit in the bar.Mmmm - yummy yet pricey!  The food here is what you can expect from a world class chef, and the prices are commensurate with those expectations.  Portions are fairly small, at least in the dishes we tried - but delicious!  Love the uniqueness of the menu items, very creative and intriguing pairings of ingredients.  The drinks are wonderful as well.  Be prepared to wait a long time on weekends; we hung in the bar and hawked a table from someone leaving - with full menu in the bar area and somewhat comfortable seating, you'll get seated much quicker.Not your typicall Mexican restaurant; it's worth the prices to try a Bayless restaurant at least once in your life!Just becuase they sell jars of your salsa at Whole Foods for 3.99 doesn't mean you gotta charge 2.75 for a tablespoon of it.  I'm not opposed to fancy 'concept' takes on Mexican food, but shouldn't chips and salsa always be complimentary?  And in those rare occasions when they aren't...you should have better sense than to give but a scant tablespoon of salsa disproportionate to a sizable basket of chips.  Oh wait, these aren't chips and salsa, they're "tostaditas"...Came here for brunch and liked it overall, minus initial disenchantment with the chips and salsa.  The presentation was really nice and definitely downtown-ish.  I expected more from the flavors, though...the lightly dressed pea shoots that topped my Huevos Rancheros Verdes were probably the highlight.  The rest of it was a bit blander than I would have expected from Rick Bayless, although it did LOOK nice.  My boyfriend's brunch chilaquiles were much better, though.  And the agua del dia is really awesome and fresh - it's basically perfect for a hot day, especially if you're going alfresco.Another plus: the brunch won't break your bank.  While dinner entrees run over $20something each, brunch entrees ring in at half that.  Brunch for three of us including drinks and "tostaditas" amounted to $58 after tip.  I'd go back again...but only for the brunch. Not super vegetarian friendly, though.  They have one thing on the menu that's dairy-free and meat-free.  We asked the server if he could suggest anything else or customize anything to meet those dietary needs and got directed straight there with a "sorry, that's the only thing you can get."  Poor accomodations for such a simple request!Another work event brought me to Frontera Grill.  Sometimes, I'm just really lucky.There were nine of us, and at least at my end of the table, we all had a great time.  A couple of cerviche appetizers, some guacamole, some habenero salsa and a few margaritas (or mojitos, in my case) started the night off right.  One of us in the group, and recently eaten at Topolobampo and raved about the sommelier, and since four of us happened to order the grill-roasted pork loin served with classic Pueblan pork tinga, we thought we'd ask the sommelier for a recommendation on wine.  As soon as we asked, her eyes lit up and we knew we were in for a treat.  The Spanish Rioja Reserva was fantastic and, for once, I feel like it actually heightened the experience.We truly had a great time, ate great food, drank great wine and even had Rick Bayless sitting at the table next to us for a time.  All in all, I definitely want to go back and I would love to try Topolobampo.My wife is going to hate me for not giving this five stars, as it's her favorite restaurant in the city.  But I'm really not afraid of her.  Plus she never reads my reviews.We went to Frontera for their New Year's Eve celebration, which was a semi-fixed, seven course menu.  Basically you got five appetizers, each served as a separate course, then your choice of an entree, followed by three small desserts.The overall experience (including service) was 5-star, but my entree simply failed to blow me away (though I would still rate it as "very good").Rick Bayless was present that night (first time I had seen him there).  I find most TV chefs to be annoying to the point where I'd like to punch them in the face (and I'm not a violent person), but I rather like Rick, and don't find him annoying at all (although he certainly is odd).  His daughter was there as well, and we saw her stop and chat with several of the children who were there for the event, which I thought was very nice.The appetizers ranged from "excellent" to "awesome":-Chips, Guacamole and Salsa-Enchildas in black bean sauce-Some weird but tasty mushroom ceviche-Tuna Ceviche (awesome)-lobster/butternut squash bisque (awesomeawesomeawesome)The desserts were excellent as well:-A flaky pastry with apples and blueberries-A dark-chocolate ice cream sandwich (wow, delicious)-Some kind of almond tartMy wife had the pork dish, which was smothered in a mole sauce.  She declared it "delicious"--a word she rarely uses.  I had the flank steak, which was good, but not particularly memorable.  It was more spicy than flavorful.  My entree came with a sweet tamale which was actually more interesting than the steak itself.We will certainly be back, since this is my wife's favorite restaurant and we tend to come for her birthday and other special occasions.  Plus, let's face it, she's the boss of me.Have been trying to get into this place for awhile now- and finally the stars were aligned on a recent Thursday night.  Having been to its more upscale sister Topolobampa, I wasn't sure what to expect as everyone told me that they liked this sister betterWe started in the bar with drinks and appetizers.  They have a long list of specialty margaritas and I would have to say go with the Blue Agave margarita as it was really good.  We also ordered the quesadilla and guacamole and both were gone very quickly by our group as they were delicious.Frontera Grill was extremely accommodating to our group.  First there were two of us, then up to 4, then up to 7 and then back down to 5.  They never missed a beat in trying to accommodate our ever changing group size.  It was a great night so we wanted to sit outside and they moved some tables and chairs around to accommodate us.The server was helpful even in telling me that my choice (the taco del carbon that my friend suggested) while good, was not as good as other things on the menu.  So we went with his choices and they were great.  One was the Thursday special which was lamb wrapped in banana leaves and came with tortillas- looked like pulled pork when it came.  Clearly the winner of our evening in terms of taste.  I had the maple glazed pork which was served with beans- also good.Service was good even though our waiter had alot going on.  We also had a bit of an accident with a spilled drink and a broken glass but it was handled quickly and efficiently with little fuss.Great food, fun atmosphere and service that makes it all seem effortless.  I can't wait to go back!Say what!?!? A white guy cooking authentic Mexican in Chicago?  You've got to be kidding me!  I was so in disbelief I took a flight out of LA just to eat there.  What a surprise!  Sadly, there is no Mexican restaurant in LA that can compare (fortunately he just opened one up in LA, or lent his name to be completely accurate).Rick Bayless takes Mexican cuisine to a level that it aspires to be.  Complex flavors, high quality ingredients, but yet recognizable as Mexican.  The ceviche trio is the best ceviche anywhere, light, refreshing, spicy,  sweet, and it is not gastrointestinal risk.  I also had the ribeye Oaxaquena and it was wonderfully cooked.  The dry rub added a great flavor without overpowering the steak.  My GF had the smoked mushroom pozole and she loved it.  Nice smoky mushrooms with a rich flavorful broth, not watery like many of the other places.LA has to make up in quantity what we lack in quality. But seriously, what gives with the public parking prices in Chicago? My plane ticket was cheaper!I feel like writing a review for a place that has 500+ reviews already is somewhat silly, but what the heck.I lived in Chicago for five years, and never made it here. I changed that when I came back this past weekend to visit, and I'm sad I waited so long!I came for lunch shortly after they opened, hoping for a seat at the bar. I waited patiently, with the most tasty mojito in-hand, ready to pounce on the next open seat (this is a bigger feat than you might imagine, when waiting among fanny-pack wearing tourists and pushy broads with designer handbags). I didn't have to wait long, and when I got to sit down, I wanted to cackle and shout out "haha, suckas!" to the others waiting behind me.On to the meal. I ordered the Pato en Mole Verde de Cacahuate (yes I copied and pasted that shit). Holy effing crap. Hands down the best beans I've ever had (who knew they could be so different when they're 3 times the cost?) - and the duck breast was sheer heaven. The homemade tortillas were the icing on the cake, as they were warm, buttery, and damn tasty dipped in the sauce and wrapped around chunks of food. I somehow ate the entire plate (what can I say, my hotel didn't have a fridge!), and was definitely in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon. Definitely the best meal I had while I was in town.The bartender/server was quick and friendly, even with the mass amount of people up at the bar eating and ordering drinks. When I'm back in Chicago, I am definitely going to make it a point to stop back here.Oh yes, believe the hype. We sat at the funky and very busy bar (walkins!! only an hour wait for a table but two spots opened up, and who cares when you have that for a margarita list?) at Frontera and tried the guacamole (good!) and a ceviche that proceeded to have a party in my mouth. I have never tasted anything like it, and even now am having a Pavlovian response just thinking about the lime foam. My main was goat, which is all the rage right now, and Bayless.. dude, te amo. Mmmmmmm.(pssst .. they only take so many rezzies and the rest are walkins.. take a chance and you will NOT be disappointed!!)Five star food, certainly.  I love the margaritas, chips and guac (it might be the best guac in the city).  I tried the Trio, Trio, Trio-- a sampling of ceviches so delicious that I don't even know which one was my favorite.  I had the carne asada for my entree, which was really tasty as well.  As stuffed as I was, I still ordered dessert-- the mango crisp with rhubarb ice cream.  It was so good, I wish I had saved more room for it.Frontera loses a star for its attitude though.  The wait for a table was ridiculously long and when we were finally seated, the tables were so close together that I felt like I was sitting on my fellow diners' laps.When I was in Chicago a few weeks ago and a colleague said, "We're going to Frontera, come on," I had no idea this was the same Frontera as the salsas and other products I see in the store. Surprisingly, the restaurant was able to accomodate our group of 10 people just before the lunch crowd - and all at one table! (OK, well a couple pulled together, but still...) Several of us wanted to try a ton of different things, so we got a few small plates to pass around and also ordered some entrees to share. None of the appetizers stood out to me except the guacamole - and holy delicious guacamole, it was! Another lady and I both wanted to try the tacos, so we each ordered a different kind of meat and shared - she ordered the skirt steak and I ordered the pork. I won! The skirt steak had good flavor but was really tough to chew. The pork was delicious though - had an excellent sweet flavoring from diced pineapple, but also had a fair amount of heat for a little kick.  I washed everything down with the the fruity drink of the day which was yummo - mango, pineapple, and something else. Most people really liked their food, but I don't think anyone was absolutely blown away by it.  (However, we all fell into a food coma about an hour later, so it's a good thing our hotel had lots of caffeine for us during the afternoon portion of our meeting!)Our server was really good and also gracious enough to split our check 10 ways (and that's saying a lot, especially during the lunch rush!), but it seemed like she got slammed right around the time we were all finishing our meals so it took forever to get our checks.After living vicariously through Rick Bayless cookbooks for the last few years I was excited to come and taste the food at one of his restaurants - I was not disappointed.A started out with the Mezcal margarita and then a Tamarind margarita which had a hint of chipolte(yum). For dinner I went with the Bagre Pibil, an achiote-marinated wild Lake Oceechobee catfish grilled in banana leaf, poblano chile rajas, Yucatecan rice, pickled red onions, incendiary habanero salsa and a michelada to help put out the fire. It was very hot with an amazing flavor. The meal ended with duo flanes of caramal and Mexican vanilla, both were excellent and the roasted almonds and caramelized puffed rice put them over the top.The only bummer about this meal was eating it myself at the bar, but I would definitely come back to do it again - with our without someone else. Great food, value, and service.Patience is a virtue - and you better have a lot of it when going to Frontera Grill without a reservation.  But, I promise you, it is SOOOO worth the wait.  You might want to consider packing a baloney sandwich to munch on while waiting in line or perhaps you should bring your yoga mat and do some sun salutations in order to impress resident yogi and Chef Rick Bayless.  Frontera is simply one of my favorite restaurants on the planet.  You just have to PLAN accordingly and tell yourself  to CHILL OUT - going to Frontera is a 4-5 hour ordeal.  Example:  4 of us went there last Saturday.  We arrived at 4:15 pm - only 2 parties ahead of us waiting in line!  YESSSS!  You get in line - blab with the other drooling Rick Bayless fan club members and, of course, act all self-important when passersby ask you "what is everyone standing in line for?"  And you say "Frontera" while looking them up and down as if they were the biggest dumbasses on the planet.I must admit - this was the EARLIEST we have ever been seated.  3rd in line - doors open at 5 pm - we got a table at the bar, ordered our drinks and before the drinks came our table was ready in the dining room!  I was in SHOCK!  Seated by 5:10 pm?!?!? UNHEARD OF!  Speaking of drinks, I like margaritas - I don't love them.  And I always burp them up for days......but not Frontera's margaritas.  They are the best I have ever had -must be the great quality tequila.  Fabooooo!We proceed to order food that is so fresh, so flavorful, it is otherworldly - TO DIE FOR.  My partner, who likes to pretend she is a healthy eater had as an appetizer:  Trio, Trio, Trio: a sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco and Ceviche Playero.  Ceviche Fronterizo is lime-marinated Hawaiian blue marlin with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, jícama and green chile; served on crispy tostaditas.  Ceviche Yucateco: steamed organic shrimp and calamari tossed with lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jícama and cilantro.  Maine "dry pack" scallops, Alaskan king crab, Honey Manila mango, Mexican papaya, pineapple and jicama with Oaxacan pasilla, grapefruit, lime and garlic. Plantain tostada.   SO FRESH!!!  With so many tantalizing flavors.  YUM!We also ordered as appetizers:Queso Fundido Clasico: Samuel's artisanal Jack cheese with garlicky roasted peppers, homemade chorizo sausage and oregano, andTaquitos de Pollo: crispy taquitos filled with chicken and poblanos, with homemade sour cream, salsa verde, añejo cheese and guacamole. We also ordered (yes, we are piggies - so STFUP) the "special" immediately upon sitting down.  BELIEVE me when I say that the minute your waiter comes to your table and says "We have a special tonight but we only have a few left......" don't even let him/her finish - just say "YES!  We want one."  The special appetizer that night was 2 chili rellenos - one pork, one cheese.  OMG  Sublime...........For dinner we ordered:Poc Chuc de Puerco: lime-marinted Maple Creek pork shoulder with traditional Yucatecan garnishes (tomatoes, avocado, grill-roasted onions, Napa cabbage), spicy habanero salsa and black beans "colados." Salmon con Verduras a la Nata: wood-grilled Alaskan king salmon with roasted chayote, guero chle and caramelized onion in thick, slow-cooked "nata" (thick cream) White rice. Carne Asada "Brava": serrano-marinated grass fed rib steak (from Bill Kurtis's Tall Grass) with salsa de molcajete (hand-crushed roasted tomatoes, serranos and garlic), spicy seared chiles toreados and sweet corn tamales (topped with homemade sour cream and fresh cheese.We also ordered a special Mahi Mahi entree - SO tasty and melted in your mouth!Now, I am going to be honest - I was very sad because for the first time ever I did not like my entree which was the aforementioned pork shoulder.  It was NOT their fault - I just chose something that was soaked in lime marinade - WAYYYYY too tart for me.  I like a hint of lime - I don't want it to overwhelm the pork.  So, THANK GOD we ordered so many appetizers - I left very full - and my friends picked at the pork.For dessert, I had the oh-so-rich Chocolate Pecan pie with whipped cream.  WOW!   We also had various coffees including my FAVORITE coffee on the planet  - the Mexican press pot coffee concocted for Frontera by Intelligentsia coffee.   OMG - for this alone, I would crawl thru the desert................Rick - we love you!  xxooDo you like Mexican food? If your first thought was, like, are you kidding me, I friggin love Mexican food!! Your in for one of the best authentic Mexican experiences you can ask for. Second, do you like ESPN? If you just thought, "of course who dosen't"? Then get this, this place is Skip, yes, Skip Bayless brothers and if his brother Rick is as adamant about good ingredients as Skip is about ridiculous arguments then you have some idea about how epic this meal is going to be. If your visiting the city make sure you book your reservation about the same time you book your ticket, it was not easy to get into. From the service to specially margaritas to the meal and the dessert you have to experience this place for yourself because Mexican does not get better than this, yes I said it, this place is my new numero uno for Mexican, sorry Taco Bell in Hialeah.Being the aspiring foodie that I am, I was dying to visit Rick Bayless' joint while I was in town.  I love that he uses a lot of organic, local and sustainable ingredients to create amazing gourmet versions of traditional Mexican food. I decided to splurge and take myself to Frontera. I was alone and sat at the bar, so I didn't have to wait long.I started with a couple of basic margaritas on the rocks and they were perfect. And then I had the most amazing grilled duck breast with this amazing two-chili and sesame seed sauce, spinach and a garlicky butternut squash puree. It came with warm corn homemade tortillas that I sopped up every last drop with. If you've never had warm, homemade tortillas, I'm pretty sure you haven't lived. To top all of this off, I had another margarita and an absolutely divine flan with mixed berries.  I hate to use the term "foodgasm," but I must. I'm pretty sure my meal here was better than sex.  And actually, if I hadn't had three drinks and dessert, it really wouldn't have been all that pricey.I've been to Frontera twice and I've had two of the most memorable meals of my life there.  The first time was about twelve years ago, around the holidays, and I can still remember everything I ate there.  It was that good.  In fact I was a little hesitant about going back for two reasons:  First, how could it ever be that good again?  And second, I looked at the online menu for the day we'd be there and honestly there wasn't anything that sounded really, really good to me.  Okay so maybe the margarita loosened me up a little, but I decided that I was going to try something new, and I tried the marlin ceviche.  It was delicious!  And the guacamole was as good as I'd remembered, so the appetizers?  Clear winners.The second margarita convinced me that I was willing to try the pork in habanero flavored sauce and I'm glad I did because it was some of the best pork I'd ever eaten.  The sauce was flavorful without being scary-hot.  It really was perfect.  I tried the pork ribs (a daily special) and the flank steak, and I was equally impressed with both, and with the sides.  Everything just worked.  From the drinks and appetizers through the entrees to the desserts and coffee, everything was just right.  The service was exactly the sort of unobtrusive care I like best.  Our waiter and several other staff members were always nearby but never in our faces.  We never had to ask for anything twice and in fact we rarely had to ask at all for things like refills. Why did I wait a dozen years to come back?  Hard to say.  But I know I'll be going back for my birthday; I already have the reservation.  Believe me when I tell you that's one of the highest compliments I can pay a restaurant.  I'm getting too old to waste my birthdays on just anyplace.Everyone seems to love this place, so maybe I am just grumpy because of the hundreds I spent here. The food was good, but not any more authentic or better than Nuevo Leon or La Pasadita (or many others). I felt like I was charged an arm and a leg for Ricks' reputation, not for the food or ambiance. The wait was interminable, the seating cramped, but the service was excellent, if a bit hyper. The drinks were neither good nor bad. For example, our Mojitos had uncrushed mint leaves and way more ice than booze: never a good thing.The food was excellent. We had the "Trio, Trio, Trio: a sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco and Coctel de Atun Tropical." It cost $17.00. I should have ordered two of these for my party of four people because it is very good, but not plentiful. We had everything from steak to chicken and it was all good, but uninteresting. It was over priced Mexican food. The price makes it a tourist trap location like the South Beach restaurants and their ilk. I will not go back again, but when friends come to town and have to go there I will tag along. I just won't pick up the tab again.If you are going make a reservation, do it  months ahead of time or stand in line and hope you get a seat.I have never had better Mexican food, ever. We were in Chicago for the day so my husband called about a reservation for lunch. They were booked solid but invited us to come by anyway as they would do their best to fit us in. We walked in and were immediately greeted by a hostess who could seat us right away. Our waiter stopped by quickly and he was really helpful. He would explain anything on the menu we were interested in, but mostly I was interested in a margarita. So we both ordered one and really enjoyed to fresh taste. We ordered a bowl of Sopa Azteca (tortilla soup) to split. It was delicious, flavorful with a nice spice. For lunch, I ordered Cazuela de Pollo and it came in a dish filled with fresh vegetables and large chunks of chicken. My husband ordered Pescado del Dia, which is the catch of the day. That turned out to be mahi-mahi in a tomatillo sauce with garlic mashed potatoes and organic green beans. Both entrees were incredible. The flavors in the sauces were well balanced with the great flavors of Mexico. They dishes were served with fresh corn tortillas that were better than ever. And the quality was apparent with each bite. We skipped dessert, since the lunches were so good that we finished all of it. Mexican food will never be the same after this.I love Frontera.  I think the food is great, and as far as I can tell, Bayless knows his stuff.  I have no patience for anyone who complains about the reservation system, because as I understand it, it keeps the place from becoming super-exclusive.  No one gets preferential treatment because of a name, because no one can make a reservation.  And if you really have a problem with it, find four other people, and make a reservation for five.  It's what I've done 99% of the time, and the experience has been stellar each of those times.Furthermore, I can't understand why anyone would complain about price.  THIS is what fine dining is.  Food is more expensive, and if you don't like it, don't eat here.  In my experience, you pay for what you get.  Tonight, my duck breast was perfectly cooked, and duck is very hard to do perfectly, and I understand that in order to experience this, I had to pay for it.  It's not hard to suss out restaurant information these days--do some homework before you go, so you won't be shocked at the wait, or so you won't bug out over the prices.Anyway, I like the food.  The desserts tonight weren't great, but I've had great desserts on other occasions.  The appetizer platter didn't fail to delight (again!), and as I said, my duck entree was fantastic.  I'd highly recommend a side order of mashed potatoes to everyone, because they're just delicious.  (So are the black beans; if your dish doesn't come with those, try those as well.)  Everyone at the table seemed to like their food; my boyfriend said his carne asada was the best he's ever had it at Frontera.I've never had a less-than experience here, even the time I waited for a table for two hours (we ordered appetizers at the bar, had some drinks, and just waited.  It worked for us.  But we also knew what we were getting into.).  This is one of the most famous restaurants in Chicago, and by my estimation, that title is well-deserved.Started out with a delicious Topolo Margarita and if I were you I would do the same.  Then our table shared the guacamole and ceviche.  Both were delicious.  I had the Thursday special, lamb barbacoa cooked in a banana leaf.  This had a great dark, roasty, chili sauce on it and came with a great side of mashed potatoes.  But these aren't your typical mashed potatoes they had some sort of cheese in them with bits of potato skin.  There were a container of corn tortillas to wipe up the sauce with and make mini tacos with if you wanted.  For dessert I had the grilled white cornmeal pound cake which came with maple crunch ice cream and blueberry sauce.  The cake was not too heavy and had the lightest drizzle of cajete (goat milk dulce de leche).  The real standout on the the plate was the ice cream which had these delicious chunks of brown sugar and buttery crumble pieces.  And the blueberry sauce was sweet with a great balance of lemon to it.  It was a great end to the meal.Overall a great restaurant.  I am from out of town and was lucky to be able to eat here on my brief one night stay in the city.  It has a great energetic vibe and is the perfect dinner location for both locals and city visitors!  I will definitely be back the next time I am in Chicago.*this restaurant takes a limited number of reservations nightly.  Someone in our group came to the restaurant at 5:30 to put his name on the list for a  7:30 seating.  At 7:20 he received a call saying that his table was ready.  What great service where a restaurant ACTUALLY delivers on what they say.  That says a lot to the management and service.Maybe a victim of being over-hyped for me, I felt the food was very-good but not worth the wait or the hype.  The ceviche was fresh and tasty, but the other dishes, including the carne asada and a suckling pig special, were just simply very good.The restaurant does deserve at least 4-stars for its great wait-staff, very good food, and good drinks, however, considering the wait and the price, I probably won't travel out of my way to return.Let me preface with the fact that I'm a big foodie and fan of Rick Bayless. So when this Mexicana from California knew I was Chicago-bound, I told my boyfriend we had to eat at Frontera Grill and pay homage to one of my fav chefs. That said, my expectations were really high, after all, it's Rick Bayless! I started with a house margarita at the bar to pass the time since it was a 1 1/2 hour wait (tip: make reservations) and when they brought my $9 margarita in what could pass as a  kid's sippy cup I knew we were going to have problems. I snorted my margarita and quickly asked for a Tecate (thinking they had it on tap, like any good high-end Mexican restuarant) and the disappointment continued when they brought it to me IN A CAN with no frosty glass (hey Rick, they do have Tecate in bottles, you know). Ghetto (never thought I'd use ghetto and Frontera Grill in the same sentence...)We found a high (and super small)-table at the bar and since they serve the full menu there we decided to by-pass the 1 1/2 hour wait and just eat at the bar.We next ordered their carnitas taquitos appetizer hoping for redemption. They, along with their chips and two salsas were EXCELLENT. Redemption was found -- but only for a second.Our main courses came. I ordered the chicken mole enchiladas because mole is a complex sauce and can tell me a lot about the authenticity of a Mexican restaurant. The mole was good -- but it wasn't my grandmother's mole, that's for sure. I couldn't narrow down the spice that I felt overwhelmed the sauce -- it was either cumin or coriander. Whichever one it was, there was too much of it and I couldn't taste the infusion of chocolate and peanut butter that you're supposed to taste in a great mole. The plating was also very disappointing. They served the 3 enchiladas (which I have to admit was a very hefty portion, so that was good) with a heap of dried refried black beans. Boo! My boyfriend ordered the "tacos al carbon" and the irony was that HE didn't even know of Rick Bayless and was annoyed I was going to make him wait 1 1/2 hours for seating (but we bypassed that by sitting at the bar), yet his meal was the only hit of the night. The meat was very tasty and credit must be given to the amazing caramelized onions that brought out the flavor of the meat. His meal also came with some really good "frijoles borrachos". The tortillas were also very good, almost like my grandmothers. Neither of our meals came with rice so we ordered a side. It was the ONLY thing that I was tempted on sending back. I thought it was just me, but my boyfriend -- also a bone fide Mexican who grew up on Mexican food -- thought it was, how did he put it? Nasty.  Again, they over did some kind of spice that I was not able to narrow down. Whatever spice it was -- DIDN'T BELONG IN MEXICAN RICE. Mexican rice is simple. You can't mess it up and when it does get messed up it's usually because you're trying to get fancy with it......remember folks, keep it simple.We finished with dessert and again, it was a miss. Flan is NOT supposed to jiggle like Jello!!!! Good flan is dense and rich, just like a custard. We ate the Jello, er flan, and said "check please."All in all, the food was "just okay" and came no where near in fulfilling the expectation I had for it. If in Chicago again, I would probably go back and give it a second chance, only because it's Rick Bayless and maybe his chefs were having a bad day......Bring your credit card folks, our meal set us back $95 (with tax and tip). Hey Rick Bayless, message me on Yelp and I can debrief with you in detail!I must say that, to begin, this was one of the best meals I've had in years!  This restaurant lives up to all of the hype.  The only reason why I gave it 4 is the inconsistencies with their reservation policy on line.  Their website says:FRONTERA GRILL WEBSITEReservation policy: Though our dining room is mostly seated on a first come first serve basis, we take a limited amount of reservations for all size parties. Please call to check availability.METROMIX WEBSITEAccepted. Both accept for lunch. At dinner, Frontera accepts reservations for parties of 5 to 10 in advance and a limited number of day of reservations for all size parties; Topolobampo takes them for parties up to 6.I was going with my wife only, and when I called, "day of" for a reservation, per the metromix website,  they said that they take reservations for all size parties up to 3 months in advance, so of course, there was nothing available.  If I would have known that, OF COURSE I would have made a reservation 3 months ago!  So, after a 2+ hour wait, I can honestly say that the food was STILL worth it, and this restaurant comes highly recommended, despite their lack of organization with respect to their reservation policy.I met a bunch of Yelpers here for lunch today and I was not dissappointed.  They took care of us very quickly and were very attentive.  They did make a few mistakes and did not have a few menu items but otherwise the service was very good. The food was out of this world.  I had the Quesadillas Nortenas with chicken.  The chicken was a tad bit on the dry side but they were still very tasty.  The black beans and the side of greens was good also.It was difficult to find anything that would prevent me from returning.  My only complaint was that the music seemed to be very loud.  There is so much I want to try on the menu that it is only a matter of time before I get back hereWe arrived at a quarter to 5 on a Wednesday night and there was already a long line down the block but we had some time to kill waiting for our other friend, so we stood in line and when the restaurant opened, we got a nice table in the bar area. The margaritas are delicious and strong! We had 7 margaritas between the 3 of us, which is why our bill was a bit high, but well worth it. The atmosphere in the bar area was boisterous and fun, everyone seemed to be having a good time. Our server was attentive and gave us some suggestions off the menu. Guacamole is fantastic. I had the carne asada and it was ok, flavorful but a little on the tough side. One of my friends had the ceviche trio and the other had the gazpacho and they both liked their food. Oh yes, and I can't forget the delicious ice cream, I believe we had the raspberry and blueberry flavors (I don't know, I'm buzzed from the margaritas at this point) and it was freakin fantastic. Great time, awesome margaritas, energetic atmosphere, and good service. And FYI, Rick was next door behind the counter at Xoco, which is where we were going to eat originally but there were not many tables to sit at.Holy mole! There are very few restaurants out there that actually meet the high expectations that are garnered. This is one of them. I have been a huge fan of Top Chef since the first season and this year's Top Chef Masters spin-off really had me captivated. So it was required that I had to plan a trip to Frontera Grill, the workplace of Top Chef Master champion, Rick Bayless. I had high hopes for trying some amazing Mexican cuisine from the master of Mexican food. This place was packed for lunch. It would have been very difficult to get a table, but luckily I came solo so I was quickly seated at the bar near the kitchen. I knew I had to try a mole dish, but I had a hard time deciding on what to get as an appetizer. It's a lot of food for one person, but hey, I'm not in Chicago very often. The waitress suggested the gorditas and I was set. The Gorditas de Borrego came with three generous sized corn masa cakes stuffed with slow-cooked lamb "chicarron prensado," (which is I guess the Mexican version of bacon) and topped off with avocado and salsa. The corn masa cakes were crispy, but also light and airy. A great start to the meal and each bite had me wanting more. I knew I had to pace myself if I wanted to eat later on, but they were too delicious and fresh to save and pack up. I ended up eating all three.My entree was the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. The star of the dish was of course the delicious and complex mole sauce drenching the chicken enchiladas. The taste was indescribable, but I will try. Each bite left you with an initial burst of flavor, sweet, bitter, savory, and then it slowly faded to a pleasant spiciness. The mole had so many flavors and layers, but they all came together to make the dish work. The chicken was tender and the tortillas were also good, but they took a backseat to the mole. I've never tasted anything so deliciously complex before. I live in San Diego so I am surrounded by Mexican cuisine. If this was Mexican food, I am not sure what I've been eating for the past seven years. Unfortunately, I didn't see the Master Chef while I was eating, but I later saw him when I walked over to Xoco to check it out. I couldn't miss an opportunity to meet him so when he went back to Frontera, I asked the hostess if I could meet him for a picture. I could see he was very busy trying to manage both restaurants, but he was still nice enough to meet me in the kitchen for a quick photo op. I highly recommend a detour to this restaurant if you are ever in Chicago. It will be worth the wait to try a piece of true México.I came here with my roommate for brunch before Lollapalooza on a Saturday morning. We got there around 10:20 (10 minutes before the restaurant opened) and there was already a queue. We were maybe the 30th/31st people in line, and by the time we were seated, the restaurant was only half filled, so it looks like they can seat about 60-ish people at a time.I was really impressed by the extensive margarita menu, since there were just a bunch of options and I love margaritas (but who doesn't?). I opted for the white peach basil margarita, which sounds amazing in concept, but was just way too sickeningly sweet in practice. My roomie got the summer margarita, which was incredible and I was super jealous.We proceeded to get the entrees. I ordered the pozole rojo, which is a stew of pork and hominy with red chili. I was looking for something light and soups usually are, but this was underwhelming. I can't quite put my finger on it but it felt like it was missing something. My roomie got a dish that was like a mexican version of eggs benedict (I think it was called huevos con masa but I can't be sure). It was two poached eggs, sitting atop corn-based english muffins, with some kind of hollandaise sauce infused with chili. Total after tax and tip for our two entrees and two drinks was around $60. I concede that my roommate ordered better than me in all cases at this meal. I can see how this place can be delicious and I understand why it's popular enough to justify a line down the block at 10AM on a weekend, but I guess I just didn't choose the right items.I wish I was Rick Bayless' daughter or something because judging from his tv appearances, he seems like not only an amazingly talented chef, but also a genuinely NICE person.  I picture him having a family life out of the 1950s, except Mexican food takes the place of chicken a la king.  Adopt me, Rick!His personality is one of the reasons I was so excited to try Frontera, and after tasting the goods, I felt like I had won the lottery.  The bf and I were moving from Anchorage to DC, and decided to make a trip of it and stop in Chicago for a few days.  We planned ahead and went to Frontera 2 hours before we wanted to sit down for dinner, that way, by the time they were ready for us, we were ready to eat.  It was already bustling when we put in our name.  The hostess said it would be about 2 1/2 hours, and we said no problem, we'll be at Maggiano's down the street!  We had a little wine and watched some baseball at the bar, the hours flew by, and back we were at Frontera with them ready to seat us.First off, drinks are to die.  Do yourself a favor and get one of their signature margaritas.  If you like tart and sweet, the Blue Agave margarita is the way to go.  The best I've ever had (and I've sampled my share of margaritas!).  None of that sugary mix nonsense.  This is just tequila and lime juice with a few tasty extras.  Delish.For an appetizer we ordered the ceviche trio.  I don't even know what fishes were in what dishes.  What I do know is that it was a burst of flavor in my mouth that has been hard to beat since my Frontera ceviche experience.  The texture of the seafood was perfect--it was ice cold without being frozen, and the citrus brought out a great flavor to the fish.  Yum!For entrees, I had a chicken dish with red pepper sauce and the bf had duck with Bayless' famous black mole sauce.  Although my dish was delicious, I had serious food envy for that duck dish.  The mole sauce was truly an astounding thing to eat, and I can understand why it took Bayless 20 years to master it.  The depth of flavor was just crazy good; I can still remember how it tastes.  If you go to Frontera, don't be distracted by other appealing dishes.  If it has the black mole sauce, go tunnel vision and get it.We DID have to send the duck dish back for another one, because the first one was for some reason lukewarm.  However, they brought a fresh, hot one out within minutes so I won't hold it against them by deducting a star.Frontera was one of the best dining experiences I have had.  Maybe it's because I have a serious love for Mexican food, or maybe it's because I want Rick Bayless as my dad.  But maybe, just maybe, it's because the food and overall experience was THAT good.By far the best restaurant in Chicago, IL. The service has always been great and food tastes so good! I love it here!Wow, Wow, Wow!  Seriously, I couldn't say it more.  I went with a buddy last weekend after a long and exhausting evening of drinking and listening to awesome music (Amos Less, Ray Lamotagne, Drive By Truckers).  He swore this was some of the best mexican food he has ever had and it was!  I don't know much about the history of this restraurant, but when you show up at 10:00am and are 4th in line only to turn around at 10:30 (when they open) and the line is around the block, you know its going to be great.  I would normally suggest a specific dish, but seriously, try everything.  The margarita's are great, the food was outrageously good.  Service was marginal, but I think its acceptable considering how good the food was.  Thumbs up in my book.This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  I have been watching Rick Bayless's show on PBS for several years, and going to his restaurant was one of my first adventures when moving to the city.  Frontera definitely does not disappoint.  The selection of margaritas is impressive.  They feature both regular and special margaritas.  The Topolo Margarita is my favorite, but the sour apple margarita is a fantastic alternative.  All of the food is extremely fresh and inventive.  So frequently Mexican restaurants rely too heavily on cheese and lettuce that masks all the flavor.  At Frontera the freshness of the ingredients and the classic flavors are allowed to shine.  This place is a must try!I would come here for the black beans and mashed potatoes alone.  I can just see it:  I'm having a bad day at work, work is finally over...I wander over to Frontera, grab a seat at the bar and just order some sides of black beans and mashed potatoes.  Oh the joy that would bring (FYI: full menu is available at bar, wait times for tables can be INSANE.  I suggest finding a party of 5 or more and making a reservation.)I heart Frontera.  The appetizer sampler (cheesy quesadilla pockets, taquitos, ceviche, guacamole and jicama salad) is SPLENDID.  I ordered wrong (for me) this time since I don't really like goat cheese and my tamale was filled with it (my fault entirely.  If you like goat cheese, that black bean tamale is for you).  I sampled a duck entree and it was delicious.Only one sad note:  dessert this time was a bit disappointing.  Nothing was truly great.  But I do recall on the last trip the dessert was good.  Remember, menu is always changing....My friends constantly rave about Frontera, but I just don't get it. I've given it 3 tries, and each time, it's the same. Maybe my palate is just too boring for Rick Bayless' style of Mexican food. The rice is always dry and bland (note to the rice: just because you come out in a pyramid shape doesn't mean you're tasty)... and $18 for some tiny tacos does not a happy Karen make.Basically... the guacamole is the only thing keeping this review above 2 stars. That stuff is pretty freaking delicious, but you should get more for what you are paying. Also, I do appreciate that Rick uses mostly organic and really fresh foods. The drinks are really good (although $$$$), the food is OK, the wait is horrendous, and be prepared to leave your first born behind as payment. I've got a stash of cheaper, friendlier, less-wait-time Mexican places that I'd pick over Frontera any day.This was a great restaurant experience.  I was glad to try a Rick Bayless restaurant (though I never heard of him before this Chicago visit).MENU DETAIL: Jugo del Dia, or their fruit juice of the dayREC: Absolutely delicious, fresh, and a light flavorful mix of pineapple and coconut juices (normally I drink my drink throughout the meal but it was SO delicious I drink it all in 5 minutes).  They could have given you a little more though.Ceviche TriosMENU DETAIL: Ceviche Fronterizo (Hawaiian sunfish), Ceviche de Atun (Ahi tuna), and Ceviche Yucateco (shrimp and calamari)REC: Their tuna ceviche was the best, in this apricoty sauce with a dusting of crushed almonds.  Their Yucateco of shrimp and calamari was not very good, a huge shrimp (not cut up at all) and huge calamari- they could have done a better job chopping it up which is the point of ceviche.  The torilla chips were just OK, a little too hard.  They gave us free salsa with tortilla chips and the salsa was good (hearty, ground green and red salsas).  For the main course, we split an entree and a main dish:Sopes Rancheros:MENU DETAIL: "crispy corn masa boats with savory shredded beef, roasted tomatoes, avocado and homemade fresh cheese"- REC: Absolutely delicious, the BEST thing we ate ALL NIGHT!!  Little ground corn tortilla cups filled with this delicious stewed pork (great flavor) piled high, topped with a chunk of avocado and a sprinkling of cheese.  There were 5 of these cups all laid on top of this rich, tomato and red pepper sauce/stew- absolutely delicious.  Everything was nicely flavored and seasoned, and the perfect little morsels, combined together- an explosion of flavor in your mouth!!Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: MENU DETAIL"Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak, marinated in spicy red chile and wood- grilled, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole"- REC: The beef was a nice big chunk of good-quality beef, perfectly done medium, the spice rub was OK.  The beans and guacamole were just OK too- just tasted like other restaurants', nothing special.  The plantains were delicious though, perfectly fried with the nice blend of light, milky sour cream and sprinkling of cheese.For dessert, we got their Capirotada:  MENU DETAIL: "Mexico City lenten classic: buttery bread "pudding" (made without custard) infused with caramely piloncillo, red wine, figs, sour cherries, raisins, pine nuts and pecans. Pinenut crunch ice cream, red wine-jamaica sauce, sprinkling of Mexican aged cheese"REC: This was very unique and good, tasted like a a warm, fig newton with chunks and slices of dates and figs- a great bread pudding because it was chewy and sticky on othe outside yet warm and soft on the inside.  They gave you a generous scoop of pine nut ice cream on top, you couldn't really tell the flavor, it has these crystallized chunks of sugar inside.  Worth trying because it was so unqiue and good.:Our server was super attentive and very helpful in picking out menu items, as was the bus boy who constantly topped off our water (with an extra glass).A place that is very hard to get into, rightfully so, can be enjoyed by creepily standing near or at the bar waiting for others to leave their tables. Yes, this is the trick, don't know any other way to put it.That is exactly what happened a year ago, the only time I've been lucky enough to snag a spot at the bar within 15 minutes. Every other attempt, well, has been given up.I am a mexican at heart, with tequila running through my veins, so I HAD to try this place. Margarita please! Yum yum and strong. Chips and guac are amazing of course and I had the Tacos al carbon. I got the chicken and It came with two salsas, mmmm, beans, more guacamole and tortillas. Pretty flavorful stuff right there. The menu is huge and apparently changes seasonally--I wouldn't expect anything less from Ricky B. It's pricey, as you would expect; every dish is about $10 more than your average mexican restaurant in Chicago. I would love to come back again in success and try something more exotic!If you're in Chicago, then you need to eat at Frontera Grill!The food was phenomenal, the service was excellent, and the atmosphere was terrific! I suggest ordering several small plates, called street food, so you can try many different flavors and varieties of food. The guacomole is to die for. The attention to detail on absolutely everything in this restaurant is amazing, even the ice cubes are perfect cubes. This place gets packed, so make reservations weeks in advance or get there before it opens to try and snag a table.Bravo to Rick Bayless and his crew!!!I can't believe someone wrote the guacamole was nothing to write home about!  OMG it's the best guacamole ever!  Sure it's something easy to make... but try making yours to taste like the one here (similarly @ Topolobampo)!.  It's addictive :D  ...if you're looking for authentic Mexican food, look no further! Celebrity chef Rick Bayliss' restaurant serves flawless, full-of-taste, dishes from different regions of Mexico. 'Frontera Grill' is the more casual of his two restaurants while Topolobampo the fancy one. Only the latter takes reservations. Both restaurants use the same entrance; have a magarita while you're there!   Service is prompt and fun.  Come at opening if you're afraid of the crazy lunch crowd.  Good place to hang out and have a long long lunch with too many magaritas :)qomt.blogspot.com/2007/0…My husband and I decided to brave the masses for a celebratory dinner last night.  I ran a 10K yesterday and was ready to eat the hell out of some Bayless food.After a solid 2 hours at Hub 51 and a bit of time in the Frontera bar area, we were seated.  The food was, as expected, outstanding.  We shared the Ceviche Fronteriza and the pork carnitas gorditas.  The only thing that could improve the gorditas was a healthy dollop of the green salsa our waiter placed on the table (so good).  The ceviche was light, fresh and had the fresh, briny taste of the ocean.For entrees we had the duck breast with chayote and sweet potato mash and the flank steak.  Both were very, very good.  Unfortunately, my face (including my lips) was extremely windburned from the race yesterday, so I found the chayote to be way too spicy (I love spicy foods and had my lips not been so chapped I am sure it would have been just fine for me).  The flank steak was delicious.My husband had a Michelada (beer, bloody mary mix and lime) which was great. I had a grapefruit margarita followed by a glass of zinfandel.  I'd skip the margarita next time - definitely tasty, but not heavy enough on the booze and very small for the $14 price tag.We skipped dessert as we were way too full, but the white cornmeal poundcake with blueberry salsa and maple ice cream was calling my name!The service was good.  The only reason Frontera is not 5 stars is because of the no reservations policy and the atmosphere.  Seriously, we were handed a BUZZER and asked to wait near a rack of t-shirts, cookbooks and hot sauces.  It was a little like waiting for a table at Chilis or some tourist trap.  The only other restaurant I can think of that sells t-shirts and hot sauce is Hooters...We have been to Frontera twice now and while the first time it was pretty good, we were all disappointed by our second visit.  The ceviches are excellent and the kale/collard greens in red chile sauce is amazing.  However, our entrees on the second visit were poorly cooked with our lamb dish being dry and flavorless.  If it weren't for the mole sauce it would have been completely irredeemable.  The rest of the entrees were mediocre too.Justl ike Topolobambo, the highlight of the meal was, surprisingly, the desserts.  But it wasn't enough to restore my faith in Bayless.  Xoco is still nice occasionally, though even there I must limit myself to a few of the good items.  Anyway, this place is totally not worth the trouble getting into.Dear Yelp and Yelp Readers,If I could give more than five stars, I sure would. This was one of those meals that I will remember for the rest of my life.My best friend and I decided that while our birthdays are a half a year apart, we would take each other to Frontera to celebrate nonetheless. I am SOOOOOO glad that we did. We each started with margaritas. I had the Gold and my friend had the Blue. Now, I love me some tequila, but man was that delicious!We started with the Ceviche trio...OH MY GOD. The tuna was delicious, the calamari/shrimp refreshing, and the fish INCREDIBLE. Seriously, don't miss the ceviche if you come here. WOW. And, the perfect size for sharing; generous but not over done.I had the swordfish with the green mole. Fantastic. It was served with zuccini and sweet potatoes, and cooked to perfection. My friend got the pork with spaghetti squash, another shining star of this delightful evening. For dessert, he got the ice cream with caramel and I had the duo of flan. YUM YUM YUM. I really loved both of these. The caramel sauce tasted like it had chai in it...which was both unexpected and delightful. We also had coffee with our dessert, which was seriously one of the best coffees I've had in a long long time. The service was stellar, and the ambiance comfortable and relaxed while also being eclectic.I will be back as often as possible.Love,SuzanneI've been wanting to try a Rick Bayless restaurant for as long as I can remember. I really find his enthusiasm for Mexican cuisine inspiring and I knew no matter what I ordered, I'd like it.I was with a group of seven and we enjoyed a spread of appetizers: guacamole, ceviche, quesadillas, and chicken taquitos. There were two salsas. I only tried the red, which had a deep, smokey flavor. The chips were very light and worked as the perfect vehicle for the dips.I made the mistake of ordering something rather boring: pork tacos. Now, these were no ordinary tacos, but if you're going to a Bayless restaurant, you should really think about spreading your wings a bit. I'm disappointed in myself for not thinking about this ahead of time. Because seriously, Chicago has tons of authentic Mexican joints where you can get a great taco. However, I will say I'm glad I got to try the house made tortillas...WOW.  There is a real thoughtfulness that goes into this menu.The Gold Margarita was perfect and I heard lots of compliments on two of their fancier versions.I somehow managed to squeeze in dessert, the pistachio ice cream topped with hot fudge. Damn...that's one combination of flavors.I'm really happy I finally got to see what this place was all about and it did not disappoint.We'd wanted to try the Frontera Grill for a very long time, so decided to make it our Saturday dinner thing this past weekend.  Hubby called to make a reservation, but was told there was nothing available, so we took a chance and went anyway, arriving at 5:30.  When we got there, the hostess was bland and non-caring - and with the amount of noise in the place, you'd think she'd speak up and be a bit more perky.  We were told it would be about an hour and 15 minute wait, so we headed over to the bar.Aren't margaritas supposed to be substantial?  The hubby's was good, but the size of a small martini, for $10.  My mojito was delish and i nursed it while we waited...and waited...and waited an hour and a half for a table.But, the wait was worth it.  We tried the ceviche trio - ahi tuna, shrimp and calamari and Hawaiian sunfish in their marinades which came with chips - it whetted the appetite and we were ready for dinner.Hubby had the enchiladas de puerco, which were rolled in flavorful soft tortillas, a spicy tomatillo sauce and rice.  He also ordered the pinto beans, earthy, tasty and just the right consistency, which he mixed with his rice.  A great way to combine!  He was smacking his lips throughout the meal....Mine was the flank steak, which came with a spicy tomato sauce, sweet tamales covered in just the right amount of sour cream and fresh cheese - it was like dessert, but not enough to prevent me from wanting a sweet meal-ender.  When I ordered it, the server asked (not as a question, however), "medium rare?", to which I replied, "you bet!".   The grass fed beef was tender, tasty and the fresh cilantro on the plate gave it a blend that made my taste buds dance.  There was also a salsa included, but it was a bit spicier than I liked, so I left it alone to the folks who like to light their mouths on fire.Dessert was the chocolate pecan pie, served with Khalua flavored creme freche.  The pie was so chocolaty and didn't have the teeth-wincing sweetness pecan pies usually have.  Chocolate cappucino and espresso topped of the meal and we left happy and talking about this meal on the way home and again in the morning.We'll be back - but the next time, I'm trying the shrimp and we'll make reservations ahead of time!I believe in great customer service, so I'm taking off one star due to the hostess's lack of happy and her mumbling so low that we had to ask several times what she said...and we're not so old as to be deaf.I decided this year to have a Baylexican birthday, and Frontera was my spot of choice.  I called for a reservation same-week (because I am not smart sometimes) and was told they couldn't, which I don't hold against them necessarily because I knew they were hugely busy.Luckily, my fiancee got out of work early and saved us a spot.  This led to him getting hammered later, because those margaritas are potent and delicious, but it also led to us getting a table and my dude generously treating my fam and me to oysters and chips & guac.  Speaking of which, I need more raw oysters in my life.  These were exceptional, to boot.Upon sitting, we all had joined my guy in feeling slightly "affected".  Again, don't underestimate those margaritas.  Those babies are serious business wrapped in a tasty little package.  Luckily, we immediately started ordering stuff to eat, stuff like......perhaps the most amazing ceviche I ever had (albacore. wow, Rick!)......rare grilled swordfish in a creamy sauce......tortilla soup with a clear broth and a really interesting, original flavor - perhaps my favorite food item of the night......tasty little shredded beef sopes......assorted queso fundidos including one with chorizo & peppers and one with shredded carnitas.  Yum, baby.The Baylexicans finished off the night with a surprise happy birthday song & cake for me (they even wrote "Happy Birthday" on the plate with chocolate, adorbs!) and my sister had a genius moment in ordering chocolate pecan pie because, seriously, how could that not be amazing? (It lived up to all initial assumptions of crazy-goodness).In summation, difficult to get into? Yep.  Totally worth it? Yep.  Memorable and amazing birthday spot filled with drink and foodgasmic experiences?  Oh yep.  Yep yep yep.My last full day in Chicago I decided to do the Celebrity Chef thing while simultaneously violating one of my personal rules about avoiding Mexican food in the midwest. Turned out to be a good idea on both counts.  Frontera gets a lot of weekday office lunch types, and we snuck in just before the peak of the crunch hit.  I ordered items that are always relatively sure bets for me.  The Gazpacho soup was excellent on a summer's day, and thankfully showed off a skilled hand -- many Gazpachos, even those by celebrated chefs (hi, Wolfgang!) are predominantly salty with an undercurrent of vegetables or herbs.  Frontera's is balanced nicely between the three. My entree was that Mexican Dish that Few Can Do Right, yes, the enchiladas with the mole poblano.  This was equally good, even if poblano is the most widely-attempted mole in America.  The chicken, as I would expect at this price point, was cooked flawlessly; moist and tender with nary a hint of gristle or bone.   As for the mole, this point in life I'm happy if it doesn't taste canned, and so it more than passed the test.Service was ok, which I give slack to because of the peak hour.  I'm not sure I'd make it a priority to return the next time in Chicago, but I'm glad I went once.My favourite dish of the evening was definitely the Trio sampling of ceviche.  Perhaps it was the warm summer night, but the fresh, crisp salsas and chiles perfectly matched the succulent, toothsome cuts of albacore, yellowfin tuna, shrimp and calamari.  As much as I enjoyed my company, I could have easily devoured all three on my own (sorry guys!).The menu seemed a bit overwhelming and intimidating, so I ultimately opted for a simple skirt steak tacos.  Although the protein was cooked and seasoned perfectly and the tortillas themselves were delightfully plush and soft, I wish I had been a bit more adventurous and gotten something else that was perhaps more difficult to pronounce or spell.However, I am always pleased when dessert ends the night on a high note.  If you are a fan of custards, the Duo de Flanes is great.  A bit on the richer, heavier side, but please don't misinterpret that as a complaint - that is definitely how I like my sweets.  Paired with a grilled peach salad and chammomile-lime, each bite was the perfect balance.Rick Bayless' food and crew is just flat out impressive! I've been to many noteworthy restaurants, and haven't changed my #1 favorite restaurant designation in over a decade, but my new favorite restaurant is Frontera Grill. We were so impressed that after dining there Thursday night armed with a reservation, we went again Saturday night and braved the notoriously long wait list. Why did we go twice on our vacation? Because dining experience is everything we look for, amazing food that dazzles the palate, knowledgeable friendly service, and a great buzz in the restaurant. Every bite just popped in taste and texture, and had an incredible depth of flavor. I won't critique each dish, but I'll just say that I would gladly order any of them again. Even the drinks were special, the Topolo margarita hand-shaken table side, was easily the best margarita I've ever had, it was beautifully balanced and complimented the food - just perfect. Equally important to the experience is the service and our server on the first night was Juan S. who was exceptional. He was friendly, didn't rush us, made great recommendations, and had the answers to several of my questions (I like to cook and try to pick things up wherever I can). On our second visit we had a different server who was also good, but Juan saw us and took the time to stop by and talk to us, and made sure we were well taken care of throughout the night even though he didn't have our table. Unlike many celebrity chefs who are rarely at their restaurants, we saw Chef Bayless both nights and was told that he is at his restaurant about 80% of the time. On the second night we were dining on the chef's counter and towards the end of our meal he sat next to us for his dinner; unfortunately our waiter told us he was under the weather so we didn't get a chance to meet him. But no worries though, we'll get another chance because we are definitely coming back! Night One DinnerAppetizer: + Ceviche de Callitos Tropical: Lime-marinated Baja California bay scallops, mango & crunchy jicama, tropical red chile citrus broth. Entrees: + Camarones a la Mexicana: Garlicky grilled fresh Florida shrimp, seared summer tomato salsa, roasted poblano rajas, black beans, peashoots, lime + Pescado al Ancho Caramelizado: Wood-grilled mahi mahi, caramelized ancho-orange sauce, ancho-roasted potatoes, grilled oyster mushrooms, arugula-mint salad. Desserts: + Duo de Flanes: A duo of caramel custards: Oaxca chocolate & classic Mexican vanilla. + Frontera's chocolate pecan pie: with Kahlua whipped cream Drinks: + Topolo Margarita: Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Torres orange liqueur, housemade limonada, shaken tableside. + Vicitoria cerveza Night Two DinnerAppetizer: + Trio, Trio, Trio, a sampling of three ceviche: - Ceviche Fronterizo: Lime-marinated Hawaiian albacore with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, green chile; on crispy tostaditas. - Ceviche Yucateco: Steamed Mexican blue shrimp & calamari, lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jicama & cilantro. Crispy tortilla chips. - Coctel de Atun Tropical: Sashimi-grade Hawaiian yellowfin tuna, avocado-tomatillo guacamole, tangy mango-grapefruit salsa. Entrees: + Puerco Oaxaqueno: Grill-roasted Gunthorp pork loin, smoky black bean "enchilada" (homemade chorizo, queso anejo mashed potatoes), limey grilled knob onions & guero chiles, cilantro + Falda Asada "Brava": Spicy serrano-marinated grass-fed Tall Grass flank steak, salsa huevona (hand-crushed, grill-roasted tomatoes, jalapenos), grilled knob onions, sweet corn tamales with crema and queso fresco. Drinks: + Topolo Margarita: Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Torres orange liqueur, housemade limonada, shaken tableside. Dessert: + Frontera's chocolate pecan pie: with Kahlua whipped cream + Espresso: Intelligentsia Black Cat EspressoWent there on a recommendation from a local in town and thought, "I'll get there nice and early so I don't have to wait."  We arrived at 5:30 pm.  There's a line around the block.  Then I find out that this chef went up against Bobby Flay in Iron Chef and won, so every tourist just has to try the food that bested Bobby.  Bobby Flay ain't all that.  Go read my review of Mesa Grill in Vegas.  The wait scared us off and we went back for brunch.  I was warned that brunch was only a shadow of the greatness that's available for dinner, but I'm impatient, so perhaps this place is five stars if I did go for dinner.I had the Tacos al Carbon and you know, I was told to compare this place to the food I've had in Mexico and sure enough, I'd say this is the closest I've had to authentic Mexican cuisine without being in Mexico.  However, in Mexico, I pay $2 for a plate of tacos.  Here, it's $15.My wife had the huevos and it was good, but slightly unseasoned and bland.No one else jumped up and did cartwheels.  The meal was really good, but I'm not certain it scores at the top of my list.  It definitely beats Mesa Grill hands down, but then again, I think Taco Bell beats Mesa Grill, so that's not saying much.P.S.  This review was not tainted at all by the fact that Rick Bayless made some disparaging remarks about Yelpers.  He wasn't calling out Yelpers as a whole, but those that are jerks about it saying they're going to write about the place to the waiter.  To the Yelpers that do that:  Don't spoil it for the rest of us.I LOVE Rick Bayless (even before Top Chef Masters). There is no question that Rick Bayless is one of the most creative and talented chefs out there and I am so glad he doesn't forget about us out here in Chicago. I  heard great things about Frontera Grill and Topolobampo before I had the honor to eat there. When I finally got the chance to taste some of Rick Bayless's creations I was ecstatic. I stepped into Frontera Grill expecting great things, and I wasn't disappointed. We ordered 5 or 6 things off the menu, ceviche, tacos and an array of other items. All of which were fantastic. I munched on my food slowly so I could savor every last bite; I wanted to lick the plate! If I was in the restaurant alone I may have done just that. I have to tell you about my drink. I make it a point to try something new when I go out so I decided to try the ginger margarita. When the drink arrived, our sever said, "this is my favorite drink, you are going to love it" In my experience that is either a good sign or a bad sign. I am happy to say, in this case, it was a great sign. The ginger margarita was perfectly mixed. It was everything a margarita should be, chilled, smooth, sweet, tangy and at the end a wonderful hint of ginger. Superb. I enjoyed everything about Frontera Grill, the food our server the amazing cocktail. I will be back, many many times. With all of this said, I would recommend reservations. Since Rick Bayless was on top chef masters his food is in more demand than ever before (damn you Bravo!). The food is definately worth the wait and worth every penny.I hesitate to write a review, with more than 800 reviews, I'm doubtful I can add anything that hasn't be written. This was my first trip here. We did the standard wait and had some nice drinks as well as some Guacamole. Since we had a nice gift card we ordered it up at our table and got two appetizers before our meal. Then ordered desert too.Our service was nice, very friendly staff, from the valets, hostesses and the wait and bussing staff. Food was exceptional, only dropped a star as my carne asada was a bit fatty. Tasty, but fatty. Wife had the Chicken w/ Verde Mole... very nicely done. Very worth the wait and experience.My first experience at Frontera was about two years ago when I was taken around the city by a Boulder chef friend of mine.  We started at Frontera and ended at Avec, with special little stops on the way.  Frontera is the perfect fusion of street Mexican and the upscale "gourmet" establishments.  Go here with friends or co-workers to get a funky Margarita and awesome guacamole.  I would almost hands down recommend any of the taco al carbon and the frijoles charros (amazing!).  The last time I went I had the Milanesa de Puerco which was also fantastic.  The atmosphere is what really makes this a great place to chill and hang out.  Wonderful, vibrant colors, great artwork and great service, this alone makes coming here a treat.Anyways...go to Frontera...get a Coin Margarita...order some guac and tacos....side of beans...and party the night away!I agree with Jasmine M. Thanks to Rick Bayless cooking show, the expectations for fresh, authentic Mexican food are pretty high. When we went, we were struck with a sense of "ho hum" -- and not for cheap, either!The best thing we had was a 50-year-old tequila. P.S., when it's busy they may try to shove you into the basement seating area. Don't do it. It feels like abuela's basement rec room. Stay up top to see and be seen.My meal at Frontera was definitely one of my favorites since I've lived in Chicago.My husband and I dined here last week to commemorate 2 years of living in Chicago.  We had always heard good things and had been wanting to try it forever.We arrived at 5:30p and were told it would be an hour and half wait (?!!)  We were prepared for this and since that would put us in at 7pm, headed to the bar to grab one of their mouth watering margaritas.    We both loved the Blue Agave.45 minutes later (about half the quoted wait time)  our buzzer went off and we were seated at a table.   We ordered a starter of chips and salsa.  The salsas were definitely some of the best I've had and the chips were perfect! It tasted like they were flavored with a hint of lime or citrus.For our main courses hubby had a steak dish and I had the seasonal fish with rice and covered in garden salsa. and OMG was that AMAZING!  The fish was perfectly grilled, the salsa was both light and flavorful, even the rice and beans were seasoned to perfection. I can't picture a more perfectly balanced, high class mexican meal.This meal makes up for the lack of good, cheap tacquerias in the city. (yes lots of cheap ones, many mediocre, hardly any good)  But I won't get started on that....Rick Bayless - you're my hero.Easy no brainer choice.Always get the Margaritas instead of the mojitos.Put your name on the list and go to the bar just South and hustle tourists at pool while you are waiting.Always tell the tourists next to you that you have met Rick and he is awesome, then use the downstairs bathrooms, you must walk near the kitchen, through the expediters line to get there.  If you see Mr. Bayless, which often time you will, run back, grab said tourist get their name, call out Rick in you best drunken Marguarita inspired voice, when he looks up say "Rick this is  Elly Mae, she would love to meet you", then quickly vanish.  Now, said tourist will be so glowing from her brush with celebrity, she will buy a round for your table, caution this only works once per visit.  Often times Rick and his wife will be dining in Frontera towards closing time, they don't like to be bothered.Most of the food I would give 5 stars to but a few things prevented. We made a reservation about 2 months prior & still had to come in at 5:30pm which is a little early for me. We ordered a sampler appetizer platter ($8.50 p/p) that was just average for it's price and to much like any other Mexican restaurant with a few exceptions. Frontera has some of the best Salsa & sold all over the states so why they don't give it to you as included doesn't make sense to me. You can buy it as an appetizer & they give you like 2 Tbsp. The entrees however are are mostly fabulous. I ordered the Leg of lamb that was fall off the bone heaven. The Mole sauce is the best you will ever have. This is not your average Mexican restaurant. If you have not been, than you need to go. I also made my reservation for Topolobampo (another Rick Bayless restaurant) next store that evening.I'm torn between giving this place a 3 or a 2. There was huge disparity in our experience.1st -- we had to wait over 2 hours to get a table. There is no way to make a reservation unless you do so several weeks in advance. I find this silly and lame, but I also understand that may not be so unusual for Chicago restaurants. Whatever. We waited because my husband really wanted to try them out.To food -- amazing. It is really really really really good.The service -- absolutely sucked. I was shocked at how short they were with us and how much pressure we felt to hurry up, order, eat and get out. They came to our table several times to ask us if we were finished with a plate -- even as someone was fork to mouth eating off the plate. They couldn't have been even 5 minutes in between visits to see if we were ready for our check.  If it were up to me, we would never go back. I can't think of any service in the last several years that was so rude. But I may be forced to return if my husband gets his way. The food, in his opinion, is that good.  I think few things are worth bad service.I went to Frontera years ago and was not impressed.  However, I thought I'd give it another shot. My colleagues and I recently went for a celebration lunch. We started out with appetizers and ordered our entrees. The appetizers came pretty quickly. However, after 15-20 minutes, our appetizers were removed from the table. Although we still had food left, we assumed that our entrees were about to be served and the staff needed to make room.Twenty minutes later, I approached the waiter and asked about the status of our food. He said he put in our order right away and had no control over the kitchen. I told him I understood and asked about the status of our appetizers that were taken away. He said he didn't know about that and was busy.When our food did come, half othe dishes seemed to be rushed as the 3 fish orders were rough and did not seem cooked enough. Since we had already been at lunch for an hour before receiving our entrees, it did not seem worthwhile to ask them to re-cook our dishes. Due to that, most of us left our food untouched. The waiter did not even bat an eye and rushed us our check as our plates were cleared.I am more than willing to wait for good food and understand that restaurants become very busy and it's hard to please everyone.  However, I think our servers could have easily made our experience a bit better than feeling like I just wasted $150 on lunch.Went for lunch during the week.Ceviche was definitely hit or miss.My chicken with mole sauce sucked.  And I don't use that word lightly. I forgot what my friends ordered, but it was definitely VERY forgettable.I'm not sure if it was supposed to be Mexican cuisine with American spin or fusion Mexican, but I definitely expected more from Rick Bayless...lots of pomp and circumstance, but in the end... no enchiladaI've had way better Mexican cuisine at a fraction of the cost in McKinley Park.I would totally come back here again. My friends and I made reservations for Topo, but wanted to eat at Frontera Grill since it was less expensive. We got there right when the place opened, and stood in line for a number. Chilled at the bar with some yummy mojitos, and got a table in about half an hour! Food and drinks were really good. I think the Summer Margarita, with infused cucumber, was delicious. We ordered the ceviche and oysters for appetizer - delicious. I ordered the black mole enchiladas...SO good. But what BLEW ME AWAY was my friend's steak. OMG. so tender and juicy. Service was awesome as well (and we got to see some guy vomit...food poisoning? health conditions? ambulance came and took him away. They cleaned up the place very very quickly). We also got to meet and take pictures with Rick Bayless!!! What a nice fella!I think there has been a lot of hype about this restaurant ever since Rick won Top Chef Masters. I don't know if all the extra traffic has necessarily been a good thing. I had been trying to make reservations here for almost 2 months. They were actually booked out on a Saturday night through the rest of the year. Eventually, a friend of mine decided to start lining up at the door at 4:30. They reserve tables for walk-ins but the best chance of getting  is to line up about a hour before they begin seating. We were able to get a table for 8:00. They called us when the table was available. So basically, you wait in line for an hour to get on the list and then stick around the area for a few hours waiting for them to call. We ended up with a table outside (we were a party of 7, so I'm sure that made it a bit more difficult). It was kind of a chilly and misty night. It wasn't ideal, but we made the best of it.I had the mojito with rum. It was really good. Not too sweet and very limey. The drinks run about $10 a pop.We had the guacamole and salsa. They were pretty standard. The salsas were not spicy at all so we decided to try the $2 all you can eat habanero salsa. OMG, that is some intense flames in your mouth! We all took big bites and then starting tearing up and begging for sour cream. No wonder it's $2 all you can eat. No one can eat more that a small dish of that stuff. You'd have to be rushed to the ER. Our server was great, though, he saw us all choking and brought us some sour cream faster that you can say enchilada. The oysters were ok. Not the best. They come with two sauces, a Mexican mignonette and a mole type sauce. The mole was just weird on oysters. No thanks. I had the duck tacos, my husband had the pork tacos and my friends had the lamb dish and the mole enchiladas. The tacos were just ok really. The meat had great flavor and the duck was cooked perfectly, but the sides that come with it were just ok. But they are pretty affordable. The tacos are only $16.50. Unfortunately, for us, the colder temps outside made our meals cool fast. Bummer. My friend who had the enchiladas had one bite and completely wrote off mole. The chicken tasted reheated and was lacking flavor. He ended up giving his left overs to our cab driver. My other friend thought his lamb was poorly seasoned.Okay, so to make a long story short, I was a little underwhelmed. The service was good, but not as attentive as it should be at a place like this, the food was just ok, not at all memorable. I know that this restaurant is and can be completely fantastic, but the heavy traffic always makes for a less that wonderful dining experience.I went here with a group of friends after work. It was extremely crowded. We didn't have a reservation, and the wait was somewhere around 2 hours, so we ended up finding seats in the bar area.The drinks were amazing! I had the best margarita of my life. I think it's called the Gold Margarita. I highly recommend trying one...or four. The food was also excellent. We ended up just ordering a bunch of appetizers so we could sample a little bit of everything. I wasn't disappointed. Everything was delicious. My only complaint is how crowded it was, but I guess that's just an indication of how great the food is.Holy-mole (ha ha ha, oh man i didn't even plan that) this place is PACKED.  Two hour wait for dinner for two at 6:30 PM.  Well, Fontera was one of the places we had to eat in Chicago, so we bit the bullet.  After a bit of wandering the neighborhood for a suitable spot to grab a drink we ended up back at the crowded Fontera bar.    I'd have to say they make the best Michelada ever!  It looks like they put in sangrita, beer obviously, and i don't know what else, but getting it rimmed with spicy salt is a must.  Oh man, i loved every last drop of this.  Good margarita too, there were lots on the menu to try, but we only had the basic, solid! Alright we finally get a table....and WHAT!  What, a self respecting Mexican restaurant doesn't give you at least one free basket of chips, SACRILEGE! HERESY!  Though they did give some really yummy seasoned nuts, I had to order the chips, there is no way you can judge a Mexican place without tasting their chips, and they were pretty good, a little thick for my taste, but freshly fried in their kitchen, definitely not from a bag.  Good salsas too.  One smokey chili one and a tangy tomatillo one.  For our second starter we had the fish enchiladas and the tamales with butternut and cheese.  Both were very good.  Enchiladas, had a nice green tomatillo sauce.  The masa on the tamale was nice and moist, but not too moist, but like many tamales there was too much of it.  Both ends of the tamale were all masa no filling.  The filling was quite good when you finally got to it and it all was tied together quite well with the mole.And for our main course we shared the duck.  The duck was cooked very well, still nice and tender, not a dried mess.  The fresh tortillas accompanying it were excellent, and made great little duck tacos, though I thought the pickled onions included were too strong to go with the duck.  The rustic mashed potatoes were excellent too, very garlicly and buttery.Too full for dessert, we had try hot chocolate (or "chockies" an they are known in some circles).  Best hot chocolate ever. Good mix of chocolate ans other spices/nuts/whatever else.  If i ever lose all my teeth, I am going to survive on Michelada and chockies form Frontera.Other than the whole chip thing and the wait thing, my biggest complaint about Frontera was the service, which was a bit sub-par.  Our water glasses were consistently neglected, though the pitcher circled the room a number of times.  Our appetizer dishes stayed on the table kinda long, though they did replace our flatware between courses, which is always nicer that using them for both courses.  And I don't remember being asked how my food was. But the food was good, so I guess that can make up for it, some.  I do feel weird having such great Mexican food made by such a gringo, but so it goes I guess.  Hey who can forget Diana Kennedy!I was absolutely SO disappointed in my experience.  I have been a fan of Rick Bayless for years, and was thrilled to see him win Top Chef Masters, not only for his clear mastery and devotion to Mexican cooking, but because he's philanthropic, committed to local and sustainable foods, and seems like such a nice guy.  My friend who was visiting from out of town was similarly excited.We had to wait about 2 hours at the bar, but we knew what we were in for so that was no problem.  Between us we tried blackberry mojitos, she had a margarita, and I had some vodka drink that was more like a sno cone.  The blackberry mojitos were too tart, the margarita was not great (according to my friend) and the vodka cocktail was way too sweet and syrupy. The bar has an amazing selection of tequila, but if you don't like tequila (and I don't) you're stuck with beer, wine or subpar cocktails.While waiting, we had the ceviche tasting and the queso fundido.  The ceviche was great and we both enjoyed it.  The queso fundido was just ok.Dinner is where things got REALLY disappointing.  We both wanted to try dishes from the Topolobampo menu.  My friend ordered the pork belly and I had a seafood dish with lobster and scallops in a tomatillo cream.  Both dishes were way, way too salty, almost inedibly salty.  The fat on my friend's pork belly was squishy, not crispy.  My seafood was cooked well, but again, it was so salty I really didn't enjoy it at all.$200 and 3+ hours later, we left exceptionally disappointed.  I have no reason to go back for drinks, because I have had better many, many places.  I have no interest in waiting 2+ hours for salty nasty dinner.  I love ceviche, but that's not a reason to pay the cab fare, fight the crowd, and suffer through crappy drinks. We were both seriously disappointed.Being allergic to long waits while on vacation, we were very happy to discover that there are a small number of reservations available here by phone.  And it does work; we arrived for lunch at the appointed time and sat not very long in the tiny lobby area before being ushered to a table just a few feet away.We did not realize when we made the reservation that Saturday was a brunch menu, quite different from their normal lunch menu, which was unfortunate in that it resulted in our not being able to try the trio of ceviches, which we had heard was quite good.We did manage to obtain the Tostaditas de Ceviche, which was excellent, and the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano which were simply amazing.  Some of the clearest flavors I've had in Mexican cuisine.  Tacos al Carbon were very nice, though I suspect it is possible to get very good tacos fairly simply and for less money elsewhere.For drinks, we were disappointed that they were apparently out of some ingredient or other in their "Sparkling Passion" cocktail, though we did get to try it later at Topolobampo, and it was very good.  "La Margarita Italiana" was both interesting and well-made, containing Cynar, an artichoke based liqueur.  They had a couple of beers on tap, including one called Marisol made specially for them by Goose Island, which was tasty ( and an ingredient in the Sparkling Passion cocktail, in fact ).Dessert - "Tres Leches de Fresa Y Tequila" - a tres leches cake - was surprisingly well-plated and complex.  And delicious.The restaurant itself is not large and rather crowded, as would be expected.  It is an informal place, for sure.  Service was relatively competent and plenty friendly, but not the fastest.  Drinks, in particular, seemed to take a long time.After trying all three of the Rick Bayless restaurants on this corner ( Topolobampo and XOCO are the others in the same building ) over the course of a week's visit, I would have to say that Frontera was the best experience out of the three.  We did not end up trying a lot of dishes here, but every single dish we did try was a big hit.Eat here when you're having a bad day!!Topolo Margarita is my solution to all problems in life. The tequila with hints of orange and the house lemonade in a glass with salted rim will make your day. If you are gutsy try Trago Bravo, it comes with a tomato based chaser (yum!) and a Serrano chile. The simple chips and spicy salsa will instantly transport you to Mexico. And I must point out that they customize plenty of entrees for us vegetarians and unlike those so called high-end places, the portion size of the entrees is pretty large. The crispy churros are sugary, warm, comforting and the prefect way to end the meal! I didn't watch the season of top chef masters when Mr Bayless was on but, I'm now a fan :)This is a strong four with a couple of quibbles.  We went for lunch - lined up outside at 11:15 and there were already 20 people in front of us.Service was excellent - our server was cheerful, helpful and competent.  She recommended as a starter a small casserole of mixed fall vegetables (baked apple, parsnips, cauliflower) with a creamy sauce and just a bit of heat.  My mouth is watering just remembering it.Then we tried a duck tamal -- fresh corn masa with duck carnitas and a chile sauce -- also very good.  The sweet potato sopes with pork were ok.  The pork had good flavor, although I didn't catch much orange.  Frijoles charros were excellent.A cold salad of jicama, cucumber & pineapple was sort of meh.  I was expecting more of a slaw.  Instead there were large pieces cut like cold French fries.  That would have been ok but there wasn't enough lime and the chile power sprinkled on top left the bottom pieces with no seasoning at all -- it was basically just raw jicama.For an entree I ordered the cobia en crema de calabaza.  The cobia was grilled perfectly, tender, with a smoky glaze.  Great flavor.  However, I was looking forward to the spaghetti squash accompaniment listed on the menu and there wasn't any.  Instead, there was a little pyramid of rice.  Still good, but a little disappointing.Dessert was a small spice cake with white chocolate ice cream.  Just fabulous and the perfect ending.Now for a quibble.  Since I was taking out-of-town guests I checked rickbayless.com for reservation information.  The site clearly says Frontera takes a limited number of reservations -- call the phone number.  I called the phone number 3 times, and each time heard a recording telling me to "check the website" for all the information.  Click.  Really frustrating.  If they don't want to talk to customers, then why provide a phone number in the first place?  Go early and get in line -- it's your only hope.When you're on vacation do you go get food at a mall food court?Usually the answer is No, but this is different.  After not realizing that XOCO was closed on Mondays I was still craving a Rick Bayless restaurant.  Luckily we were with a local so she said well he has a Mexican restaurant inside of the Macy's Food Court.It was packed with business people, but the line moved fast.  The food was really good.  I had the tacos al Carbon it came with beef & served with roasted pepper rajas, two salsas, frijoles charros, guacamole & homemade tortillas. I was shocked I was getting solid Mexican Food in Chicago!Best meal of 5 great food days in Chicago.I reserved weeks in advance.  We were seated promptly and had great service throughout.The ceviche trio were 3 of the best ceviches I''ve had.  Bold flavors, perfect fish.You know how sometimes jalapeños are really strong, and sometimes they{re not.  The pickled ones here will knock your face clean off.  But in a good way?The mole trio was delicious, as was the taco trio whose name eludes me - ' though next time I''d opt for bigger portions of my favorite items and not get trios.Definitely hope to be back soon.I am a huge Bayless fan -- I used to love his show on PBS, and have cooked so many things from Authentic Mexican or based on what I learned from it. The weekend I was in town, It just made sense to brave the notoriously horrendous hordes of people and get fed by the man himself.When we showed up we were told it would be 2 hours but that we should come back in an hour and check in. So after leaving our name and milling about for a bit., we returned as instructed and they sat us in about 15 minutes (so our actual wait time was 1 hour and 15). The whole getting seated bit was as annoying as expected, so steel yourself if you want to try Frontera out.I ordered the quesadillas capitalinas, the tortas, and the platanos con crema. ALL WERE DELICIOUS. I had never heard of the tortas -- I actually asked if they were a sandwich (which they're not). Instead, they were these cheese croquettes, mixed with sweet corn, rolled in greens, breaded and then fried. They were served with a red pepper sauce and fresh greens on top. My dining companions ordered the tacos (with portobello mushrooms) and the carne asada.Happily, they make a specialty cooler (agua del dia) for those of us who don't do well with the spirits. The evening I went, it was this refreshing cucumber-lime thing, that was a perfect companion for my meal.I'd love to try and do it again when I'm in town next, although I have to confess that their reservation policy and the wait for walk-ins bumps them down from a 5-star experience for me. They ought to figure out a better way to accommodate their patrons, because that's all that keeps Frontera Grill from being a perfect Mexican lover's destination.I went there for lunch on a Saturday and was impressed by the decor, very bright and colorful.  The place was packed, so we got on the list then headed over to the bar. Luckily a table was open there so we just sat down and were given menus.  The first thing I noticed is that the lunch menu was pretty small and didn't seem to have a whole lot of really interesting items.  It was about noon so my guest and I decided to go with some of the more breakfasty items.  She had the corn pancakes, I had the huevos mexicana with chorizo.  I also had the golden margarita, and my guest had the margarita vampiro or something, basically a bloody mary with tequila and some kind of chipotle juice.  How she choked that down was beyond me. I had one sip and found it to be not meant for human consumption.  Then again I can't stand bloody mary's.  My golden margarita was pretty meh.  The tequila was smooth but it was very small, like in a high ball glass and the mixers made the whole drink seem watered down. After about 15 minutes the food arrived. My guests dish had 2 rather anorexic looking pancakes, 2 eggs sunny side up and I believe some chorizo and syrup.  My dish consisted of a scramble of eggs with chorizo and salsa, some black beans with a bit of cheese and home made corn tortillas.  All in all the food was only OK.  In my opinion paying high dollar for food that is only OK, is not ...well, OK.  I fail to see what the deal is with supposed nuevo latino/high end mexican food. Mexican and south west food is perfect when it's just simple fresh ingredients.  I can find more satisfying food at a little taqueria around the city, or just about anywhere there is a large latin/south american population.  And I don't see what all the hype is about the margaritas.  I guess if you like your drinks watered down and served in dixie cups, then yeah...they rock.  Perhaps I'm being a little too hard on Frontera but if the lunch is any indication, then dinner might not be worth it.  I may give this place another chance, but as of right now I'm pretty unimpressed.  2.5 starsWe went to Frontera for lunch on a wednesday afternoon.  Beautiful day, we had no problem getting a seat, outside.  I found it to be very casual and inviting.  Inside was a bit loud but the FOOD!The best mexican flavor I have ever had.  Huge fans, can't wait to go back.  I had the fish taco's and my husband had shrimp quesadilla.  The flavors are intense and smokey and sooooo good!Already plotting to get back to Frontera so I can try more stuff.  Im mad at myself for getting a little too drunk prior to showing up for our reservation.  Everyone says the guac is to die for and I don't really remember what it tasted like :(We ordered the appetizer sampler, which was pretty big.  A good idea for a group if you want to try a bunch of the apps.  I liked the little taquito thing on the platter the best.  The quesadilla didnt look like what we are all used to, like a tortilla sandwich, more like a little turnover.  It was only ok IMO.  I did also enjoy the ceviche bites on the platter, though I liked one of the other ceviche flavors (the hamachi) better that a friend got in the ceviche sampler.I had the grilled skirt steak for my entree and it was delicious.  Perfect medium rare, tasty tomato based sauce that comes with it.  Pricey though- $600 for 8 people, though we were not holding back at all.  We were set to enjoy all the food and drinks we could consume.After years of drooling over everything Rick Bayless made on TV, my husband and I finally got a reservation.  Good thing too--they were running a 45 minute wait at 1:15 on a Saturday.  The decor is colorful, gorgeous, and authentic.  The tables are kind of on top of each other but whatever, let's get serious, we were all there for the food.  And it DID NOT disappoint.Our order:  *we were on a mission to eat our hearts outMicheladas--like a citrusy Bloody Mary made with Pacifico.  Very different, very refreshing.Albacore ceviche--tasted great but it wasn't all that visually enticing.Tortilla soup--this will go down in history as my favorite soup of all time.  It was absolutely show-stoppingly unbelievable.Bistec enchiladas--the hubby clean plate clubbed it with a few "yums" here and there for good measureVerduras milanese--so amazingly, deliciously unique.  A welcome departure from standard Mexican fare.  Came with a splash of habanero salsa and a warranted warning.  I think I've finally met my match in terms of heat!Chocolate pecan pie with Kahlua whip cream--YUMChocolate cappucino--picture perfect and tasted great to boot.Frontera lives up to the hype.  GO.I ate there a decade ago and was unimpressed, but I recently went back and it was amazing.I was there with a friend on a weekday night. It was busy, so we took seats at the bar.  We both went with standard margaritas and the succulent pig special.I can't even describe how good the food was, but it was spectacular. The succulent pig was slow-roasted, spiced, and was so tender that it just fell apart.  It was served simply with some black beans and a hotter-than-hell dipping sauce.Generally, I believed that the only difference between cheap and expensive Mexican food was the price, but this meal made me a believer that, at least sometimes, you get what you pay for with Mexican food.I have been dying to try a Bayless restaurant since ages ago.  We came on a Friday night, and the wait was about an hour, but that's nothing compared to how long I've been wanting to go here.  Our server Dave was awesome bc 1) he was knowledgeable about the food and 2) he was laid back and not pushy but around when we needed something.  We each had a cocktail, and all of them except the Jamaican Sangria were good.  For munchies, we started with the trio of ceviche, as well as, the king crab and mussel calpicon.  We liked the trio, but I wasn't a fan of the king crab and mussel calpicon - it seemed to lack a bit of flavor and was a bit too creamy for my liking.  We also had Yucetan guacamole, which was good, especially with the chips and salsa provided at the table.  I then ordered the tortilla soup and the papadzules enchilada - the soup was AMAZING and the enchiladas were pretty good (but not anything crazy exciting) and sweet plantains with sour cream and cheese (yum!).  My friends ordered the Sopes Rancheros (Double Amazing) and the Gazpacho (which I didn't like but they did).  We then followed it up with the Duck Pipian (which none of us really liked) and the Friday night special - they had run out of the brisket, so they subbed lamb shank, which was really tender in the black mole, which we ordered bc Dave the server told us it was only made once a week and was tasty - we agree - one of the better moles we've had.  For dessert, we ordered the double flans (one was vanilla and yummy, the other was toasted almond and too strong in the toastiness so not so yummy) and the hand made fried apple pie with ice cream (which was devoured even though we were all full).  All in all, dinner was fantastic, and I was glad I got to go.  I don't live in Chicago any longer, but the next time I'm back, I'd like to come back to Frontera or go to one of Rick's other restaurants.Edit (05-10-07):Another of my bosses brought me here for staff appreciation week this year (I see a theme) and MAN! It was just as good as I remember. I gave it the 5th star back because our waiter this time around was excellent.Cazuela de pollo. Get it (if they have it by the time you check this joint out; I noticed that the milanesa de pollo is no longer on the menu, as it was replaced with pork milanesa). You will love it. So tender, so tasty, so filling!That's my story!!~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~Some places aren't exactly dirt cheap, but when it's a good restaurant...it doesn't matter.This place has such great food. I was taken here by 2 of my bosses for Staff Appreciation Week and man...what a way to appreciate me! By feeding me great food! We had an appetizer platter that included quesadillas, tostadas, and taquitos. They serve those up with sour cream and guacamole, making them oh-so-good. As an entree, I had the milanesa de pollo (breaded chicken) and it was to die for. They put this avocado-tomatillo sauce on it that makes the chicken taste divine!The only reason it loses a star is b/c our waitress rarely came back to check on us. When she did, she was super nice, don't get me wrong. But we were in a rush to get back to work and it would have been nice to have gotten our food and check a bit quicker.The food is excellent, though, and definately worth checking out!Now that I'm just accustomed to the arriving, waiting, drinking, dining deal, I'm over the reservation issue... 1 star upgrade to five! Plus, the ingredients are so incredibly fresh... not sure if those who rate it poorly realize this.  I will return soon... One last thing, those who say it's not Mexican should quit eating Taco Bell and realize how much of Rick's life has gone into researching Mexican culture, food & recipes and formulating these dishes.Great festive atmosphere and flavorful authentic food. Chef Rick Bayless has really done a great job at showing us what Mexican food really is and can be. Check out his show Mexico-one dish at a time on PBS!I went here the other night for my birthday dinner with friends and thought all in all it was really delicious and fun. I chose an odd entree which was a Yucatan dish, and it was strange but tasty. Everyone else who accompanied me enjoyed their choices. I thought the chips & salsa were phenomenal too.It was very crowded and loud but that's the scene I was looking for. I don't care for empty and quiet.Some of the best mexican food I've ever had.I had the guacamole, some of the creamiest, most flavorful ever.  Even the chips that came with it were on a different level than most mexican restaurants.I also had the tuna tartar, which was perfectly seasoned; tangy, creamy, meaty, all at once.  For my main, I had pork tacos, which were perfectly cooked, smoky, tender, tangy and delicious.Okay so this is the second time I've eaten here...first time was brunch with girlfriends after a bachelorette party (I was hungover), sat at the bar, ordered mimosas, etc and I enjoyed it, surprise surprise.  Second time was Thanksgiving Eve with my husband and kids...AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL, on absolutely every level (ok, wait, the margaritas were amazing and probably the only thing that kept me from losing it on the waitstaff and host).Soooo, we get there and ask for a table for 4 and they tell us it's going to be a 1.5 hour wait...there was noBODY waiting...crickets in the foyer...felt like they were trying to deter us from staying bcz we had 2 little kids with us...can't prove it, just sayin.  Any who, we say okay we'll wait...we go to the bar and order a drink and before our drink even arrives, the buzzer goes off...how predictable.As we're making our way to the host stand, some friends call and say they want to meet us and are a block away...they have 8 in their party.  I ask the host and he says 2 hour wait if we want to all sit together...even though there is an open 8-top right next to the 4-top table we're sitting at...he tells us that's for a reservation which is supposed to arrive in an HOUR...I tell him we'll be done by then but he refuses.Whatever, our friends leave and we start looking over the menu...waiter is so f'n rude from the JUMP...he never smiles or greets us, barely even looks up from his order booklet-thingy...we order another drink and he leaves us alone to look over the menu...After looking over the kids menu, everything was super seasoned...nothing plain for picky eaters.  I figure, no biggie, I'll just ask for cheese quesadillas...waiter comes back 5 minutes later and we ask if the kids can get the quesadillas with cheese only and he says no...everything comes as-is, no modifications.  WTF?!  So we ordered what looked to be the 2 most kid-friendly items but they were SOOO spicy and heavily seasoned...kid's were SOO hungry and there wasn't ANYTHING they could bring them to eat.  AWFUL!The dishes we ordered were so so spicy, I couldn't even eat it...I ordered Tacos al Carbon and it was a joke...a small little pile of meat and some tortillas (kids actually ended up eating them since thier meals were inedible).  Hubby's dish tasted gamey...he ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano.Food and drinks here are expensive and portions are small...and the food was crap.Food, across the board, was awful.  Service was beyond awful.  Drinks were great.  If you have kids, don't eat here...they don't like children.FYI...our friends ended up walking over to Rainforest Cafe...kid's meals were $2.99, they had a lady making balloon animals and the staff was right out of Disneyland!  Even though Rainforest is the LAST place I'd ever want to eat I've decided...if my kids are with me, that's where we're going...great service, value and food is not bad.Awful Service.  Average, watered down food.  Bar Service - awful. Expected a long line - no problem as it was expected. But if you are going to have guests waiting so long then the bar tender and servers should be smiling and welcoming once you are in.  Not the case.  We sat at the bar for a drink after waiting for a hour in line to just to get in.  Then we are greeted by a gruff, unfriendly bar tender.  When we asked about a particular margarita he just slapped down a drink menu and walked away.  Okay so if you're going to have a bad attitude and seem bothered by the guests than the drinks better be awesome. Nope. Drinks were awful. I have had much better margaritas and mojitos at Pure Tacqueria in Atlanta at half the price. Table Service - awful. We then go to the table and get the world's laziest waitress.  Even though the other servers were slammed they at least stopped to talk to their guests - not ours - she did not explain any of the food we asked about and after taking our order (and forgetting to bring us our appetizers) she stood behind a serving station and spent a good 10 minutes writing her name and doodling on her starbucks coffee paper cup.  Meanwhile no guacamole... She blamed it on the kitchen of course.  Food - average. When the food came - it was very average.  Nothing special and kind of bland.   The chips were greasy and the salsa actually tasted like a canned version.  The rice was fairly good, the beans were average and the main course was just blah. Think this place is all about hype from the chef being on television. But he should probably check on his actual restaurants a bit more. I have a feeling if he were around a little more than it might hopefully be a little better. Would not recommend the experience based on my visit.Instead of Rick Bayless bringing Mexico to the Midwest he brought the Midwest to Mexican food.  Being from Arizona I have had lots of Southwestern and Mexican food.  The salsa that came with the chips and salsa had no heat.  I had the Pork in Green Pozole.  The pork was literally sliced pork roast (not stewed in spices and tender like you would find served in the southwest or Mexico) and there was not much of it.  The Green Pozole was tasty and spicy giving the dish some redemption.  My kids ordered quesadillas - though I have never seen quesadillas as deep fried pastry dough filled with cheese.  My kids finally found a quesadilla that they did not like.  Not the best of Chicago dining.Still phenomenal.  Get the wild mushroom enchiladas even if you're a carnivore.  Went on a Friday night, got in line at 4:30, table was ready at 5:20.At the very least, go check out the bar.The decor is like an acid trip (not that I've ever done acid--not that there's anything wrong with that).  The colors in the bar and dining room are absolutely wild and extremely vibrant.Everything we had was delicious.  Three words to remember:  tacos, tacos, tacos.  I'm not a big taco guy, normally, but these tacos are good--with whatever filling you order.  Drinks are potent and tasty and the service was great, too.  The lively ambiance was great, too.I'd go back anytime.  It is a lot of fun and the food is creative and hits the spot.  I was also extremely impressed with the wine list which was lengthy and very interesting.  I was surprised to see so many different wines offered at a Mexican restaurant, but hey, they get extra points for that effort.Ceviche (all of them) was my favorite dish of the night.  Definitely some of the best ceviche I've ever had.One of their "classic" dishes (at least that's what the waiter told me) was their Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena.  Described as a "Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak, marinated in spicy red chile and wood- grilled, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole."  Steak was cooked and seasoned to medium-rare perfection.  Really good and came with tortillas on the side.  Overall, a very solid dinner.  A bit pricey for Mexican food, but the food was certainly authentic.  Looking forward to trying Xoco at some point.I'll admit it: before I moved to Chicago, I had never heard of Rick Bayless. I'm not a foodie, I only passively watch Top Chef when there's a marathon on, and Mexican food is probably my least favorite cuisine. Rick, you almost made a believer out of me. If there's one thing I do appreciate, it is a perfect ceviche & a perfect guacamole (ok, that's two things, I lied). On both these accounts, Frontera hits it out of the park. If you are a ceviche fan (or even if you're not), definitely go with the trio. The highlight was definitely the Ceviche Fronterizo. Sadly, the one I thought I'd like the most, the Coctel de Atun, actually turned out to be rather bland. And the guac. No words. Just do it. I seriously considered licking the bowl, but sadly I've only been here on business lunches. Once I come here and am able to drink alcohol (curse you business lunches!), the bowl will probably be licked clean. I tried a smattering of the cazuelas: the pollo ahumado is creamy, smoky deliciousness, and the queso fundido is a heavenly heart-attack in melty-cheesy form. Sadly, the service knocks Frontera down a star--I was tempting to knock it down two. I understand it's lunchtime and it's busy. But when we arrive when the restaurant is still empty at 11:30am, waiting 15 minutes for drink orders alone is unacceptable. And another 30 for chips & guac? Really?!?! Unless someone needed to go hand-pick the avocados for each order, there's no way a lunch crowd should be expected to wait like that. Maybe I've only been there on off-days, but I'm still not impressed.I don't know if I can sufficiently add anything new to this discussion that other reviewers haven't already touched upon.  This is a very good restaurant.  If you're visiting Chicago and would love to eat some tasty Mexican cuisine, this is definitely a place to consider.  Another good reason to check this place out is to determine whether there is too much hype placed on famed TV chef Rick Bayless.  First, we called for reservations on a Thursday as soon as the restaurant opened, and we were quoted for a four hour wait.  Understandable, since there were eight of us.  They phoned us exactly four hours later to tell us that our table was ready.  Arrive at the restaurant and we weren't seated for another 45 minutes as the people who just finished their meal decided to sit around and shoot the ish.  Mildly annoying, but I cannot fault the restaurant.For appetizers we started off with the guacamole, which was outstanding.  It was chunky, but yet surprisingly creamy at the same time.  My only let-down with the dish was the lack of any hint of spiciness.  I'm guessing there are no jalepenos/serranos mixed in.  The accompanying tomatillo salsa and red salsa were very good as well.  I highly recommend combining the guac and the sauces on one chip. Very tasty.For every Mexican restaurant for the first time, I ALWAYS get the steak tacos and it serves as a great point of reference for me.  The tacos were good, but they didn't really compare to some of the tacos I've had out west (particularly San Fran and San Diego).  The steak was prepared to a perfect medium, but I thought the marinade/seasoning could have been a little stronger.  My fiancée had the tacos al pastor and I was blown away by how bold the pork was in contrast to my steak.  If you order tacos, make sure to get that one!  We skipped dessert.I think this place is good, but I also believe that the hype/satisfaction ratio is a bit high.  Despite that, I'd definitely come back to try the tacos al pastor.  If you're quoted a wait longer than 90 minutes, I'd suggest finding someplace else to eat downtown.First, you should know that I LOVE Mexican food...BUT I don't believe all foods can be served gourmet style. Some things were just not meant to be. All the great Mexican food I've ever had always comes from a cart, a truck, or a hole in the wall restaurant.Frontera Grill is aesthetically pleasing, the servers are very friendly, and the artwork and atmosphere is certainly lively. You pay for gourmet prices, but sadly, you don't get what you pay for.As an appetizer, I ordered the tortilla soup which was delicious at first, but half way through I realized was much too salty. For lunch, the four of us ordered the mole chicken enchiladas, the duck quesadillas, the duck enchiladas, and the chicken and shrimp combo. Anything that had chicken in it was too dry. The mole sauce was a strange blend of too sweet and salty, and the sauce was clumpy, like chili. I've never had such thick mole sauce before. The duck enchiladas were probably my favorite because it wasn't too dry like the mole enchiladas, but DUCK in Mexican food is a little too weird for me. The shrimp was good, and the quesadillas were good too, just a tad on the greasy side. The salad that comes with every dish is very bitter, but I don't really like radish or feta cheese. Oh, and almost everything (even the beans) comes with feta cheese on top.For dessert, we had churros and I ordered a hot chocolate with almond milk. The churros were great, the hot chocolate was very, very rich! It was like drinking a bottle of hot Hershey's syrup straight from the bottle. Like with everything else we ate, I noticed that it was good at first then after awhile...it became too much.It's difficult for me to add much beyond what people have written about Frontera so I won't go into a lot of detail. Our food was excellent! The sauces are so subtle and are truly an adventure for your palate. We had 5:30 reservations and were seated immediately. It was a special birthday celebration and the celebrant chose FG. She was not disappointed and neither were the other diners. Service was efficient yet friendly. The reason they "only" get 4 stars is for the drinks. The Topolo Marguerita is delicious but a small glass for $10. I started with the Raspberry Diablo and it was just OK at $13. I think the drinks are a little steep but this is a minor complaint. This place really is neat for a special occasion.We lucked out on the hour and a half wait with immediate seating at the counter in the back. I preferred it over a table since it was more interactive with the adjacent kitchen and yet strangely intimate.TRIO CEVICHEFresh and scrumptious, with three different interpretations of ceviche (traditional to fusion) coupled with dollops of Rick's guacamole. Definitely recommend it as it was a great starter to our meal! TAMALES DE ELOTEMoist, subtle, and decent. Paired well with the fresh crema and what seemed like bites of onions and chilesCOCHINITA PIBILI opted for the Wednesday special, came piping hot with a side of tortillas. While the meat was perfectly prepared, I was underwhelmed. Of the many times I'd frequented Xoco next door, it literally looked and tasted like the deconstructed torta but with more cheese and beans.DUCKI had a taste of my dining companion's dish and it was excellent-- tender and savory. Don't know if I'd order this dish for myself since it was too meat-tastic. I was impressed by the fact that every arrival of a dish was described with details of elements on our plate. However, service was slow and we felt forgotten in the dinner rush. Perhaps rightfully so since we were seated at the chef's counter. For Xoco regulars, I definitely recommend branching out and being adventurous, since there were countless of items paralleling next door.Love at first bite! Or maybe first sip. The tamarind margarita with chipotle salt rim was the first taste which caused the "Oh, MY! This is AMAZING!" reaction. I am currently restricted to no gluten and no dairy, yet I dined like a queen at Frontera Grill.Tthere was the fresh salsas for the chips. If you can tolerate heat, taste the smoky smooth habanero salsa. Yum! Onward to the shrimp dish with fiddlehead ferns with full, and yet nuanced, flavors. The duck breast had an ancho chili sauce which perfectly balanced spicy hot with a little sweet and a little salty. Frontera knows how to expertly caramelize the onions and vegetables. And then the side order of beans which was almost like a soup... take some chips and break them up to add a nice crunch.We brought our 7-year old and they actually had a "kids menu."  My son ordered the tortilla soup. with the house-made sour cream on the side. Although he believed he didn't like sour cream, he exclaimed, "This is the best sour cream I've ever tasted in my life."As a final sweet treat, Chocolate Ice where all the rich, vibrate taste fills ones mouth, heart, and mind with love and devotion to the cocoa bean. Rick Bayless and all the staff at Frontera, THANKS!We're in Chicago so we had to go to a Rick Bayless restaurant, right?  Frontera got the nod over the more upscale Topolo and the more casual and brand-new Xoco.  We hit up Frontera for lunch and were greeted with a "one hour" wait.  10 minutes later, we were seated and ordering margaritas.  Blue agave margarita - Honestly, I wasn't feeling this one - it was a little bland and tasted mostly like lime juice and not much else.  There didn't seem to be much of a kick and it was a bit small as well.  I definitely wouldn't get it again.     Appetizer platter - We let ourselves get talked into this one.  It has lots of lots of stuff to try: chicken taquitos (pretty good), jicama salad (ok), ceviche (decent), quesadillas (amazing!), and chips with guacamole (good).  I probably would just skip this next time and go straight for those delicious quesadillas.  Carne asada - It's too expensive, but it's damn good and probably worth splurging on at least once.  One of the better steaks I've had in a long time.  Great flavor, very tender and perfectly grilled rare/med-rare like I wanted.  The black beans on the side were pretty good as were the plantains and sour cream.  Quite a fantastic steak.  Fish tacos - I sampled these and frankly was kinda disappointed by these.  The portion size was really small for the price and the tacos just tasted alright - I guess they were decent but really nothing special at all.  However, the beans served with them were great - very smoky and flavorful.  Chocolate cake w/ raspberry coulis - We weren't feeling too adventurous in terms of dessert and wanted something basic.  We should've just skipped it all together.  This cake was really boring and totally not worth getting.  I've had much better cakes from a box.      Overall, this place is pretty good - but I think my experience here could have been a lot better.  Looking back, I would only get 1 of the 5 things we ordered again (the carne asada).  However, there was quite a lot of options on the menu that looked really good so I'm thinking that our experience would've been much better had we made better choices.  Still, I would expect almost everything to be top-notch at this price rang.  It's definitely a pricey place - our lunch for 2 ran close to $100 (but it did include tip, a couple drinks, dessert, and a $30 steak).  Anyway, I'd definitely love to come back here and splurge on some more of the menu and that crazy steak again.  3.5I don't know why I feel the need to comment after 600 people, it's a sickness.  I've lived in Chicago for 5 years...I've known about Frontera for 5 years... I'm a huge Top Chef (Masters) fan...  I also HATE waiting... HATE it.  My wait time will kill a review (see Ruxbin) but please know, I am willing to wait for something that is absolutely amazing and completely unique (see Hot Doug's).All I can say is Frontera lives up to the hype.  And there is a lot.  I only waited for an hour on a Friday night, granted we came late.  The food was unlike any Mexican I've had, it was tasty, unique and I still think about it.  It will not be long until I'm downing margaritas at their well appointed bar in anticipation of of my next meal.  If you haven't visited yet, you should.  Just don't have so many margaritas you can't remember your ridiculous meal!The ladies of my family took a trip in to the city on a weekday and were so very excited to eat our lunch at Frontera. We had reservations and were promptly seated. However, the good service ended there. It took a good ten minutes before we even saw a server. The restaurant was noisy, kids were screaming, strollers were parked everywhere. Here's the breakdown of my meal. To say it was mediocre would be a gross understatement. Drink - Top Shelf Margarita - very sweet and weak, I think Chile's makes a better drink. Appetizer - Sampler Platter - As most people mentioned, the ceviche was very good. I wish I had just the ceviche for my meal. The "mini quesadillas" were balls of mozzarella deep fried. The taquitos were a nonevent, beef in a deep fried shell. And then we got about 2 tablespoons of guacamole. Dinner - Flank Steak Tacos - This was probably the worst thing I've eaten in a restaurant. It appeared that the meat was cut against the grain, making the meat so chewy it was inedible. I tried to politely nibble, but should have made a stand and sent it back. I left the restaurant still hungry. The other entrees at our table were the tamale and chicken enchiladas. The tamale was pure mush and the enchiladas were dry and uneventful. The mole was pretty good though. So, in all it was just a really disappointing meal. We went in with such anticipation and left with nothing endearing about our meal. We really wanted to like it. As a side note, the day before I went to a Mexican restaurant in a small Wisconsin town, run by an adorable immigrant family, and was blown away by the delicious margaritas, guac, and enchiladas. I would give them 5 stars. I say, save your money and go to a quiet authentic restaurant were the service is good and the food is worth it. Sorry.We started off with an appetizer of Sashimi-grade Hawaiian yellow fin tuna, avocado-tomatillo guacamole, tangy mango-grapefruit salsa. As we ate the fish, the big flavors really became apparent. We needed to mix it up to get all of the flavors, and once we realized that we loved this dish. The husband ordered the Grill-roasted Gunthorp pork loin, fruit-studded ancho-almond mole, grilled pineapple tamal, braised quelites (bacon, grilled white onions), crispy chorizo. His dish was good but the meat was a little dry and the flavors weren't as bold as you might think based on the description. I ordered the special which was the Cochinita Pibil: Achiote-marinated Maple Creek Farm suckling pig roasted in banana leaves. My dish was FANTASTIC, the pork was so tender and flavorful. I had zero issues finishing everything (except for the habanero sauce) on my plate! Our server was a bit over the top and it seemed forced, but he was nice and attentive. We did ask for something (I wish I could remember what it was) and we were told that the food is from a certain region and what we asked for wouldn't work. Ummm... Okay, whateva. I also have to give major props to their Goose Island beer that was created for the restaurant, which I believe was called Marisol. It was delicious and slightly fruity but not so much that the beer flavor is lost.This was my second visit to Frontera Grill and I am hooked.  Crowded as heck, but sitting at the bar with other out-of-towners who were all told "If I don't eat here, so-and-so will kill me."  It is totally worth the airfare to Chicago to eat here.  My first meal a few months ago was outstanding and life changing.  This meal was good but not up to the high standard of my first meal.  I love Frontera Grill and will most definitely eat here every time I am in Chicago.The first word that comes to mind is disappointing. Could not wait to visit Rick's place. Are you kidding me? Top Chef Masters winner? Walked about 40 blocks while visiting Chicago to get to his place from the Metra station. Was told 45-60 min wait, it actually took about 30 to sit 3 on the patio. The first thing we noticed is that there are a number of areas in the restaurant that are in disrepair. My wife said the restroom had a broken door, and had phone numbers written on the walls. The curtains were stained, and there was high dust throughout the establishment. The place sounded like a cafeteria, I know it was packed, but I dont think the experience was enhanced by me thinking a lunch room lady complete with hair net was plating up my food in the back. Try some sound dampening material on the walls Rick, take some of the money from the Hooters style merchandise counter at the front of the store. It was complete with T-shirts.........tacky Its about attention to detail. We ordered the Trio Trio Trio for an app.. Honestly, the shrimp cheviche was the only one that actually made us take notice. The tuna was flat, and the sunfish was VERY fishy. Two drinks: Mojito- WAY limey, had a nice muddle though. Margarita: other that the fact that it was 10 bucks, they didnt leave the shaker, and I got a small martini glass that consisted of maybe 3 swallows, it was pretty good. Should have stayed away from the salt though, it overpowered the drink. Entrees: I had the Quesadillas Norteas with duck and pickled onions. The only way I knew I was eating Mexican cuisine is because there were re-fried black beans on my plate. I found the duck to be good but it had no zing. I suggest they use a different cheese in the quesadillas (they looked like soft tacos to me), the sharpness of the cheese was a hindrance to the dish. The beans were, by far, the best thing on my plate. My wife had the Milanesa de Puerco: sold as a "crusted pork loin" what we got was a fried pork chop that was so thin it dried out to almost jerky on the edges from being fried. We expected to see a nice pork medallion that was crusted before roasting, served with a nice roasted tomato sauce/mole. What we got was a fried pork chop with alittle canned stewed tomatoes under it. Hugely under flavored. Again, the best thing on that plate was the black beans. My son got the Tamal special of the day. The masa was VERY soggy because the plate was way over sauced. There was no flavor to the dish except the sauce. No depth in the overall flavor of the entree. When we go to a place that is owned by a guy that is advertised the way that Rick is, we expect to be wowed. I wanna finish my plate and know that I cant do what that guy just did. Sadly, we didnt feel that way when leaving Frontera, what we did feel was raped. It was 104 with the tip for lunch for 3. Either Rick needs to spend more time in his restaurant, or he needs an executive chef that will follow his profiles and stay in the box Rick created. As I stated before, its about attention to detail, and Frontera lacks it. Once my wallet recovers, the experience will not be remembered. Too bad, I thought Tom Colicchio had a palate.My colleague called in the afternoon to get the low down on what things were like.  They told us to be there by 4:45 because people stand and line up - "for a restaurant", I thought.  Well, they were right.  We arrived at 5:30-5:45 and there was an hour wait for the dining room.  We decided to sit in the bar area (full service and everything) and had a great time.I started with a mojito with sangrita - I'm a huge fan of spice/heat and this hit the spot.  If you're the experimental type, I'd say to go for it.  Imagine a mojito with a light drop of tomato juice, tabasco, and lime juice - a piece of hot heaven in a glass!We shared some homemade guac that was chunky and fresh.  Along with that came these two tiny bowls of salsa (green and red) but the guy next to us got a big bowl.  Not sure why the variance but whatever - maybe he knew someone!My entree was amazing.  Puerco en Mole de Calabaza - pork with pumpkin mole along with roasted butternut squash - an elegant pairing.  I had some heat which was great in my boat.  The (what felt like) handmade tortilla's were nice too - helped clean up the little bits on my plate!Dessert was from the Topolobampo menu (yes - you can do that too, just ask).  Chocolate Mole cake with peanut butter ice cream - rich but elegant - can share this one nicely.My suggestion - give it a try - you'll like it!  Arrive early because it gets crowded very quickly!My husband and I had an incredible experinece at Frontera. Not sure what took us so darn long to try it...We were in the city one day looking around the Merchandise Mart. We then decided to walk around a bit. I popped inside to ask about reservations (yeah, I was pretty clueless). It was right after lunch and the lady was super nice explaining to me that they accept a very limited number of res's. She told me what we had to do... get there early... about a half hour before opening and get in line. The trick is to be part of the first seating....well... that is exactly what we did. We were the first one's through the door and sat. We ordered a sampling. The chicken mole, the jicama salad, and this little cazuela with the most delicious carnitas I've ever tried. We finished the meal with this duo of mexican flan. I'm a sucker for any sort of custard... panna cotta, flan, crema caramel, etc... These were amazing. One was made with Mexican vanilla and the other with lavender. There aren't words in this language that can help me explain how sublime these flan were. Overall, it was an incredible meal. We waited about 45 min prior to the doors opening and it was worth it. The bill came to under $50 but we didn't order any alcohol.Dear Lord this place is popular...I came in for a quick dinner around opening time and still ended up waiting almost an hour to be seated.  Thankfully, it wasn't much of an issue as the bar service is outstanding and the margaritas delicious.  The Fall Margarita Flip with ancho chili salt rim was fantastic and made the time go by pretty darn quickly.Having heard much about Chef Bayless' mole, I felt obliged to try it in its several variants.  Mole poblano, mole chichilo and Oaxacan green mole - all very good with the hearty and savory chichilo being the forerunner.  Combined with exceptional service, the meal was delightful.  Just a bit short of five stars as the food wasn't nearly mind-blowing or worth the wait.  Close though!Decent food but not worth the price you pay. Service was pretty poor.The first time I ever heard of the name "Rick Bayless" was in an article in Yoga Journal!  Rick mentioned practicing yoga helps him be able to focus on creating new dishes.  All I have to say is.... Rick Bayless-- never stop taking yoga!We came to Frontera Grill once for lunch and had no idea about the hype...just thought it was owned by this guy who likes to do yoga.  Well, the food was just outstanding, and seemed very original.  It has since turned into one of our favorite restaurants in Chicago.  We actually saw Rick Bayless that day in the restaurant, so it's nice to know that he is still overseeing the restaurant!Big fat MEH. I might come back next time and order more non-vegetarian things. The only thing I remember was the jicama salad, which was just okay. Everything else was just small plates of whatever food, plated fancily. I'm really sorry, but the food doesn't compare to any Mexican restaurants in California.Hmm, our waiter at The Girl and the Goat (which is an EXCELLENT place to eat) told us to try XOCO, so I'll probably do that next time instead of coming back here. I really want to like a Rick Bayless restaurant.Of all things, this is where I brought a bunch of Texans to dinner...but even they were impressed!While I actually prefer Xoco (I think the sandwiches are better), I do like the sit down restaurant. The guac is pretty tasty- we were able to share it among six of us. I think that the shrimp is one of the better things on the menu (I think it was a special during the summer- fantastic). The last time I had the duck, which was good, but not as good as the duck at some other Chicago establishments, which is why this place got 4 stars instead of 5. A few of the boys got the ceviche trio, which was pretty yummy.Service both times was pretty good- they had no problem dividing up the check, which has been an issue at a few other Chicago places I've been to.Been coming here for years. Never disapointed. The finest margeritas anywhere. The sauces on main dishes are really the main star here besides the apps. We often just get a number of small plates instead of main course. I don't care for his red salsa but the tomatillo is killer. You have to ask for extra the ramikin is tiny but they will give it. Pricey place, smallish portions but well worth it. Get there early, like within 15 minutes of opening or prepare to wait.I love Mexican food so while in Chicago I knew I wanted to have some of the best. Knowing who Rick Bayless was, it left little choice other than to visit one of his restaurants. Wanted to stay more mainstream so we opted for Frontera Grill. Cocktails, guacamole, and entrees were incredible. I still have dreams about the big wood grilled al carbon trio.  Easily the best tasting pork I have ever had.Meh. That's how I feel about Frontera. Honestly, the entire experience was average - maybe even slightly below average. We live in a city with some of the best authentic Mexican food in the country. I can go to almost any neighborhood and have an authentic torta or mole enchilada or any number of other Mexican foodstuffs. The tacos left me unimpressed. My brother liked his vegetarian dish but certainly wasn't wowed by it. It's a fine place to take tourists, but as a local, I wouldn't go here again. Meh.I have long been a fan of Rick Bayless, so checking out Frontera Grill was near the top of my list when I decided to visit Chicago.I came in right when they opened for Saturday brunch and had no problem getting a table. The restaurant itself is very cute, decor is very brightly colored and playful.I tried 3 courses - the tortilla soup, gordita trio and the jamaica sorbet in lemongrass broth. And to drink, I got a tangerine mojito. Every dish was so delicious, I wanted more, even though I was so fully that I couldn't possibly eat any more.This is definitely on my must visit list for my next trip to Chicago.After making a recipe in the Marshall Fields cookbook by then-unknown-to-us, Rick Bayless, and meeting him by chance in Macy's a few weeks later, my fiance and I were very excited to try out this restaurant.  We were not disappointed.  Reservations of 5 OR MORE persons are accepted, otherwise, expect to wait at least an hour.  The wait goes fast as there are several great drinks to try (I recommend the Blood Orange margarita or the spicy chipotle ale) and you can get food such as the homemade corn tortilla chips with 2 varities of salsa.Our entrees were excellent as well, although take care in asking the waitstaff what is "spicy" as their definition may not match yours, particularly if you, like me, are a "spice wuss".  My entree was a tad spicy for my tastes even after asking the waiter the spice factor, but the flavor was excellent.How good can this place be, you may wonder. Well it blew me away with every bite. The food was so fresh and flavorful, it was all exceptional. The guac was the best I have ever tasted. The duck was tender and mixed with the mole and sweet potatoes perfectly. Even the black beans as a side were great! The basics like red and green salsa rocked, and the chips and tortillas let you know that you weren't at a normal texmex place.This place is busy all the time. We stood in line at 4:30 for 15 minutes to get a table for six at 7:00 pm. Not a bad system! Our server, Pancho, was casual but professional and had the whole menu memorized. He worked with my wife who wanted a substitution on her tacos. He gave her several options until she found something she liked. I get nervous when waiters don't write anything down, but Pancho got our whole order and subsequent cocktail refill requests filled perfectly. Highly recommended, among the best in Chicago.Delicious,  delicious, delicious mexican food. Mojhitos and margaritta are amazing. Make sure to make reservation two weeks ahead.I feel like the black sheep of Yelp for giving this place only 3 stars but I can't seem to justify giving it more than that.  My coworkers took me to FG for lunch to welcome me to the team.  Had my company not taken care of the check, it's doubtful after one look at the menu and its prices (but without reading its Yelp reviews, as I see everyone loves it) that I would have come here on my own, especially for lunch.We ordered guacamole and some cheese dish for the table as an appetizer.  The guac was decent but was too onion-y and in all honesty my Italian ex-roommate makes a better guac than that.  All 5 of us ordered chicken tacos (which were in actuality fajitas.)  They weren't bad, but there is a Mexican restaurant  a mile or 2 from my house in Jersey that makes their fajitas with more flavor, double the size, served with a never-ending basket of chips, for $5 less and with a killer country music soundtrack, which makes for a fantastic dining experience.  Everyone seemed fairly pleased by their order but the only items that really received 5 star reviews from my table were the drinks.  Maybe if we would have ordered more exciting dishes, I would be echoing the rave reviews before me.  I would eventually like to go back and give it another shot, but if I'm picking up my own tab, I'm heading to De Cero.3.5 or a 4. Don't get me wrong, everything we had was good and tasty. Its just I feel like if you put this restaurant in Los Angeles, people would not make as big a deal about it due to all the cheap authentic, amazing mexican food going on there. - Yellowfin tuna ceviche - real good, would go with trio of ceviche if I had to do it over. - queso fundido - was wondering how they would make fundido different from one you would get at say....chili's. homemade chorizo did it. served with tortillas. this was my favorite thing. - Tlacoyos de Tocino - an item rick bayless has apparently called his favorite. pretty good. good sauce. nothing i would order again though. - cochinita pibil - special of the night. i actually enjoy the one my girlfriend makes more. this one was definitely cooked perfectly. served with a small side of salsa they said was real hot........i tried it anyways. holy shit. hottest thing i have ever been served at a restaurant. - GREAT margarita. there are so many good restaurants in chicago and you really need to do a rick bayless one. i would recommend oging next door to Xoco and getting a cheaper torta which is probably insanely good....and more cost effective. all those items plus a round of drinks was only like $75. not bad at all.My own anecdotal experience (deliciouso!) plus some meta-analysis of the other feedback I see here -- as some quick advice:1. Order the ceviche trio.  Yum. Yum. And awesome (the tuna).2. It's a walk-in restaurant friends. Expect as much. Dear haters, while you're standing outside being annoyed for 2 hours, I'll be in eating and drinking at the bar. Take a step down off your lil' horsey and enjoy yourself, eh?I also had the aqua del dia, which was mango-limeade for my visit. I assume it varies. And tacos del carbon with pork. All spectacular.Lives up to the promise of master status for me, Rick. Good stuff. Looking forward to another trip to Chicago.Wow! how have I neglected reviewing my favorite full service restaurant in Chicago? This is my favorite Mexican food that I have ever had. I really think that every part of this restaurant is almost as good as it can get. And because of this one must endure ridiculous wait times. I would say if you try and go around "Dinner Time" on a Friday or Saturday you will probably have to put your name in and wait about 90 minutes to two hours. The best way to eat here is to 1) Go to the bar and wait for some seats to open up and 2) Go towards the closing time of either lunch or dinner. In both those cases you will get more prompt service and better attention overall. The longest I have waited in the bar for a seat is about 20 minutes.I really think the drinks here are some of the best that you can find in the city. The margaritas are just perfect. If you are an adventurous drinker and enjoy spicy things I would suggest you try a "Michelada Moderna". Along with this the restaurant has seasonal drinks on the menu that are always delicious.As for food: I really enjoy the Appetizer Sampler platter as you get to have chips & salsa, ceviche, empanadas, tacquitos, and guacamole for a really good bang for the buck. I really enjoy the ceviche at Frontera and think it is among the best I have ever had. As for other entrées you can't go wrong with any of them but for something unique get something with the great dark mole sauce they have. The desserts change fairly frequently but I have yet to have one that I do not like.If you enjoy food I really think you owe it to yourself to make it to Frontera even though it might be a big time sink for your day.I think 2 hours is the longest I've ever waited for a table (guess I should expect that on a Saturday night at 7:30pm) but I'm happy I did it here! I managed to snag a bar table with 3 friends, so we had some drinks and apps while we waited. Here's what I tried:Apps: Tostadas de Ceviche de Hongos - like a Mexican Bruschetta - yummy, but all too small for the price. Chips and guacamole - very good, can't go wrong with chips/guac!Drinks: Some margarita with Brandy - damn it was good, but I can't remember which one it was! The 2 Brothers IPA was excellent as well.Dinner: Falda Asada Brava - Spicy and tender. The side of sweet corn tamales with a creamy cheese topping was awesome, almost dessert-like. Carne Asada - very marbelized, which meant it was fatty but also very full of flavor! The side of guacamole almost seemed misplaced and there was nothing to eat it with, but if you're a guac fan I guess you'd eat it plain.Sides: Platanos con Crema - Cheese with plantains sounds weird to those who haven't tried but it's actually amazing!Dessert: Chocolate pecan pie - topped with khalua whipped creme, it was fantastic! It was definitely enough to share between 4 people, especially after such a large meal.When we left it was about 10pm and there were many empty tables, so if you avoid the dinner rush, you should!I loved the food, but even so I found the place a bit too expensive. Maybe it's being used to CA, but guacamole shouldn't be $9.50. I mean, it was good, but not exceptional or anything. But other than the price, I only had minor quibbles with the food and really enjoyed our lunch (and that there was no wait compared to the 45 min wait at xoco).I found a lot of the food to be sweeter than I wanted. Some of this was probably the particular dishes that we chose, but it did seem to be a theme. For example, the coctel de atun tropical - tuna, avocado/tomatillo guacamole, "tangy" mango grapefruit salsa. Sounds like it could be tart and tasty, right? Well it was quite good, but... sweet. I loved the  tamal de chile poblano, which made me only want to order things that use their wonderful masa in the future, although the squash blossom crema went a bit overboard. I couldn't resist the duck carnitas so I got enchiladas de pato. Again, far too sweet for me, but that one was pretty clearly sweet from the menu; otherwise I liked it (the chile toreados were a nice touch). I was surprised that I didn't like the mexican rice - it's very paprika/pimenton-y and not as tomato-y as I like, so I guess it's just a different style.My favorite dish was the tinga poblano cazuela. We were warned that it was an appetizer, but it came with a lot of tortillas and seemed to be an excellent lunch size to me! I also liked the spiciness in the items that were spicy. The habanero salsa was really hot but still flavorful, and you could appreciate the heat without feeling like your tongue is being assaulted.Service and drinks were excellent. We enjoyed sitting outside despite the location on a fairly busy street.I have been to Frontera Grill a few times over the past few years, and I have to say that I like the food more with every visit.  This most recent time, my husband and I went there for brunch on the weekend.  We found some seats at the bar, which is always a fun place to sit.  Originally we were seated at the back food bar, but I just wasn't a fan of the location.  Anyway, I had the best catfish tacos of my life there--the fish itself was so perfectly grilled, with a nice smoky taste.  The accompaniments were perfect.  My husband had an egg dish that I can't remember right now, and I think he liked it, but we agreed that the fish tacos were better.  Of the dishes that I've tried at Frontera, this was by far my favorite.  On a previous visit, I remember having a vegetarian dish that consisted of goat cheese balls with a sauce and white rice--good, but probably not worth the price tag.In my experience at Frontera, the service has always been cordial, but not terribly personal.  I have experienced the same at Xoco (though now that I go there quite often, the staff is much friendlier) and my one visit to Topolobampo.  I guess I'm a fan of warm personal interactions with staff, but I understand that restaurant experiences can't always be that way, particularly when things are very busy.  In any case, I do like the food at Frontera Grill and will enjoy going back in the future...probably at lunch, when the lines aren't crazy.Really fun place for dinner. We had excellent service from a waiter who was quite knowledgeable about the Frontera menu, including their (extensive) tequila selection. Everything that came to our table was perfectly cooked, and the creativity in the dishes made them all unlike food you will find at any other restaurant, Mexican or not. My trout was buttery tasting and wonderfully flaky, and the flavors in the accompanying chili peanut sauce and rice were very well layered and made the dish come together very well. The tortillas were very clearly freshly made, and much higher quality than tortillas at most other Mexican restaurants, including those that I consider to have excellent tortillas.Also, the green salsa is amazing. I would definitely go back, especially with a big group of people.I tend to dislike absurdly popular restaurants; I find it almost invariably not worth braving the seas of humanity that stand between me and getting a table. Certainly, this is how I felt about XOCO, the only other Rick Bayless restaurant I've eaten at. Despite the absurd 2 hour wait, I found Frontera to be generally worth it. We started with grilled chive guacamole ($9.75), which is far too smooth; it's almost as if it was made in a food processor. I was hugely not a fan of this. Ceviche and oyster sampler ($44 for a full, $23.50 for a half) redeems admirably; in particular, the tropical tuna cocktail, with fresh ahi, tomatillo, avocado, and fresh mango is light and refreshing yet very flavorful. Enchiladas potosinas ($8), miniature fried masa turnovers with a melange of creamy accompaniments, are very decadent but served in small enough bites that the richness doesn't overwhelm the diner. Duck carnitas enchiladas ($13.50) topped with an assertive red chile de arbol sauce, are very solid. Entrees are very shareable; mole trio ($23.50), with vegetables in yellow mole, mole poblano enchiladas, and lamb in mole oaxaceño, offer a nice variety; while the veggies are somewhat forgettable, the lamb is rich and tender, and the mole poblano has an appropriately complex and addictive flavor. Chef's special on our visit was a braised brisket, also topped with mole oaxaceño and served with rich cheesy potatoes, is a very comforting, unique take on a classic pot roast. As a Jew, I'm very finicky about brisket, and this meets my standards. Up to this point in the meal, the food was very good, but nothing was superlative... that all changed with the dark chocolate pecan pie ($7.50); sinfully dark chocolate mixed with chopped pecans, served on a flaky crust, is a very simple yet excellent dessert. Easily the highlight of the meal. Pricing is somewhat high, and service is good. I will say that, considering the fact that they deal with massive crowds nightly, they do a fairly poor job of managing customers who wait for a long time. We showed up at 5:30, were quoted at 2-2.5 hours, and told to call in 45 minutes because it would likely end up being a shorter wait. When we did call, the hostess simply read off her list that we came in at 5:30 and were quoted at 2-2.5 hours, which... I already knew. I called back again 30 minutes later, expecting to hear a similarly useless response, after which I would cancel, but was told by a different hostess that our table was ready "right now"... we settled up at the nearby bar where we were drinking, walked over, and found it had been given away. I guess they don't care if they lose clientele, as for every party that says adios, there are five more who would gladly take their place. Still, it's pretty annoying, and were my last memory of Frontera not that delicious pie, this would almost certainly bump them into three-star land for me. All in all, I will begrudgingly admit that it's easy to see why Frontera's food has generated serious hype; while nothing reinvents the wheel, everything is very solidly executed. As a lifelong Chicagoan who may be leaving, I'm glad that I can now say I roughed out the huddled masses to have eaten here. Would I put up with the clusterfuck of dining here again? It's hard to say...New fav place in chicago.  The food is top-notch and some of the classic dishes bring major surprises for the tastebuds!  I made a dinner reservation about 3 weeks ahead of time (and still had sorta a late dinner time because it was pretty packed!). But during those three weeks, I salivated and waited for this moment to try Rick Bayless's cuisine. The "tacos de lengua" were a sure-fire hit - 5 stars on that dish alone.  Perfectly cooked tongue, a little bit of cheese added, and fresh handmade tortillas made this a perfect appetizer to get us excited for the main entrees.The fish catch of the day was undoubtedly one of the best seafood dishes I've eaten in years. The night's catch was swordfish cooked medium rare. The fish was done sooo perfectly too.  Grilled on the outside, and yet raw/rare on the inside. Mmm Mmm.  Next to the fish, Frontera added an amazing chile-based sauce that could of easily been turned into a soup - it was THAT good that I wanted to spoon it into my mouth.  Lastly, I was shocked when I placed the salsa in my mouth and got hit with a fresh burst of strawberries in the salsa! So delicious. A perfect complement to the sauce and flavor of the swordfish.Pollo a las brasas is another classic Latin American dish.  The meat was very tender and well seasoned. It isn't very exciting, but the food was top-notch nonetheless. This is the type of place to make a reservation weeks in advance for special occasions. Frontera is simply worth it!High class Mexican food is often difficult to pull off, but by using game meats and complex sauces Frontera Grill is worth the price for the experience. We showed up and was told that there was an hour and 30 min wait. Ok, we'll hang out at the bar. We enjoyed the guacamole and chips with a few beverages before we were paged for a table. The seating is really tight in this place. We ordered the following: jicama salad, pork tamal, and duck entree. Everything was very tasty! The beans that came with the duck entree were amazing. For dessert we enjoyed Mexican hot chocolate. The service was great, very prompt, and the server was very helpful in suggesting dishes to try.Rick should publish a book just on the dishes from his restaurants!I really wanted to give this at least 4 stars. I thought about it, I debated, I shrugged my shoulders a bunch and tried to convince myself that since it is a RICK BAYLESS restaurant it should get an extra star. Then I decided that since it is a Rick Bayless restaurant (see how I'm all deflated now?) that it should deserve 4 stars, sans debate.As you can see from  my ridiculous internal debate that's now no longer internal, I just could not give in to the hype and give it 4 stars.We arrived at 10:15 on a Saturday in order to get a table for brunch. There was already a line, but when the doors opened at 10:30 we were seated right away with our large party. Ordered salsa and chips to start (delish), and then our meal. The coffee was good and the waiter was attentive, so I was really excited for my chicken mole brunch platter. Sadly, it was a little cold. Still tasty, but probably would have been better if it were piping hot. The mole sauce was good, but after watching Top Chef Masters and seeing Rick Bayless wax poetic about the bazillion spices and complicated preparation I was expecting something more than 'good.' Boyfriend thought his dish was weirdly small, although the fried eggs were perfectly cooked. Overall, a tasty brunch at a fun restaurant..but not exactly what I had in mind when I thought of Frontera Grill.I have been wanting to try this place for so long and it completely failed my expectation. First of, the service was HORRIBLE. It took 15 mins for us to get a menu,  20 mins for our drinks, 20 mins for our appetizer, and an hour for our entrees. I mean I was ready to walk out of there before our entrees came. I feel like they pulled the dishwasher guy from the back and made him a waiter for the nite... very inexperienced. Food wise, margaritas were awesome. Problem is.. it's $12 for a shot glass size margarita. Appetizer were delicious. Again, small portion. And the long awaited entrees were nothing special. I was expecting to be blown away. I wanted to order dessert cuz I love dessert. But I didn't want to wait another hour for it. Overall, we wanted to just finish our food and get the hell out of there. After all this, we received a bill for $94. Seriously?! Seriously!! Enough said..I've been to all the restaurants in the city and this is by far the worst restaurant experience in my life.The 1000+ reviews pretty much cover it.  This place lives up to the massive hype.  My contribution will be this tip: The bar is open seating, and had no wait on a recent weeknight (for 2). While Frontera is worth waiting for, why not skip it if you can?  Also, you can order from the Topolobampo menu, which usually requires reservations months in advance!I'm a big fan of Rick Bayless so I was excited to go to Frontera Grill.  We dined for Saturday brunch, luckily we made reservations or else we would have been waiting for awhile like many other folks did.  I had high expectations for this place and for Mexican food being  from California (SF and L.A.) and although it was tasty, it fell short to what I would consider a stellar meal. I had the chilaquiles- my favorite brunch dish, the flavors really popped but the sauce was a little too runny, I prefer more mole, like the way they prepare it at Tacubaya in Berkeley.    My boyfriend, on the otherhand, had an amazing omelet with chorizo.  We also ordered a side of platanos- it was cold, like it had been sitting out for sometime.  It also comes with sour cream and cheese, but since I'm not a big fan of sour cream, I ordered it on the side- which for me was a smart move.I love the vibrant decor, multi-colored walls, Mexican art and latin music.  Service is friendly, attentive but our food took awhile to come out.I probably would return to Frontera Grill for dinner or perhaps try the menu next door at Topolo.I love F.G. Every year when I go to Chicago I make it a point to get my butt over there. Best Mexican place in town. Make sure to make reservations early, especially on a weekend. You may be forced to sit in the lounge area sipping Topolo Margaritas for a couple of hours (bummer...) while you wait for a table.  Staff is superb and makes excellent recommendations if you can't decide.My experience this time was better, but not great.  We sat at the bar because we didn't want to wait 2 hours for a table.  We still waited about an hour before we got bar seating.  My advice would be to put your name down and tell the host that you're willing to take a seat at the bar in the restaurant.  But then go to the other bar and see if anyone leaves, because you can also order food there.  Otherwise you'll be having your drinks standing up in a crowded room, and getting smashed from the very strong cocktails.  This advice probably only works for small parties (2 or 3).The ceviche trio was pretty good, but the drinks and the rest of the food were just OK.  I just don't like the flavors that much--they were too sweet, needed more acid, or in the case of my drink, too peppery.You can save yourself $60-70 and make a few dishes out of Rick Bayless' Mexican Everyday cookbook that are simple and taste great.  They sell signed copies at the restaurant.This ones on the list of must go to on each trip to ChiTown. Great  Vibe, Great Drinks, Great Food.I know this place is Mexican, but Im Caribe, aka Rum is my liquor of choice, plus my bf and my first date night we drank Mojitos, so we are always looking for a good one, Frontera makes a great one! As you are waiting for a table, you enjoy chatting with random people at the bar, sipping your drink, chomping on chips and maybe an appitizer or two and before you know if you are sitting at a table next to the bar and checking out the people next to you food and deciding what to get. You cant go wrong with anything.  If you hate a crowded area with people talking and enjoying great food and drinks this place isnt for you. Expect an enjoyable wait, that will be worth it.Guilty as charged.  I begged my friend to go here with me.  I thought the food would be as good, if not better, than Xoco or Topolo.  However, it was just ok.  About the famous 2 hour wait..There is no real line, folks.  Frontera makes people wait even when there are several tables open.  This is so that people will run up bar tabs and order appetizers.  It isn't that Frontera is *that* popular.  Rather, they make you wait to increase the amount you spend there.  Waiter was very nice and good at his job.  Food was good.  Just good.  I recommend Topolo or Xoco, but not this place.After buying Frontera salsa a couple of times before and loving it, I convinced a few of my co-workers to join me here for drinks and dinner.  I would say, in general, Frontera has good food, but overall, this place is a bit too pretentious for my liking.  We arrived around 5:30 and there was already an hour and a half wait, so that kinda sucked considering there was nowhere to sit in the bar area.  Luckily, about 20 minutes later, some people left the bar and we were able to sit down and order some drinks and guacamole.  When we were seated for dinner (the hostess said absolutely nothing to us as she took our pager and brought us to the table), I came to realize that there were only 2 vegetarian entrees on the menu.  Furthermore, neither of the 2 types of beans they serve are vegetarian-friendly (one being made with ham, the other with lard).  Really, Rick Bayless?  You can't whip up one version of beans that can be consumed by vegetarians?  I mean, they are just beans...What also bothered me about this place is that the cheapest dinner entree is $16.50. Combined, these factors are what made me feel like this place is nothing more than pretentious and overly-fancy Mexican food.  Sure, the decor was cool, but, "Meh.  I've experienced better."This place really angers me.My girlfriend and I take a trip for our anniversary to Chicago and her #1 thing to do is eat at this restaurant. We're in town for 3 days and every time we try, we fail. Not open Sundays or Mondays, and any other time expect to wait.What type of high-end restaurant flat out refuses to accept reservations?! The pretension of this place is offensive.I hate you Rick Bayless.ANOTHER RIDICULOUS RESTAURANT WITH RIDICULOUS HOURS .I called ahead , no none answered , of course . We walk in on Saturday at 2:25pm . There were plenty of people eating . Host says they stop taking people at 2pm and re-open at 5pm .WAIT .................... REALLY ?????Because by the time those people are done eating , its what 3:00pm - 3:15pm ???So , you then close the doors for an hour and 45 minutes ???To do what ???? Twiddle Thumbs ? Rocks paper scissors ???Rick Bayless ...... I will not be back nor will I tell anyone to go eat here .Get anything on the masa menu. I've dined at the bar three times in the last month and the small plates are ideal for folks flying solo...or who want to share. The smoked chicken taquitos with salsa and guac are incredible. If you like empanadas and quesadillas, you have to check out the quesadillas capitalinas -- they're like a hybrid of the two. The tamals and tamales are quite good, too. Last week I tried the tamales de elote and it was like a savory tres leches (crazy I know!). I've also tried the mole enchiladas off the regular menu and they were delicious as well. Rich and robust, with a subtle hint of heat. One tip: this place fills up early. Hit the bar no later than seven to get a seat.A border wall? DON'T PANIC! We gots the food secured, yo. Few frills and a boisterous atmosphere, the food here will make you believe in cornucopias...and unicorns. The margaritas are made from scratch with fresh-squeezed limes, the prawn tacos with spicy chili mayo are so good they'll alter your perception of reality. Literally everything on this menu is world-class. All the dishes feel hand-made with love...like someone is sitting in the back grinding maize between two large stones just to make you a fresh tortilla. Imagine sitting cross-legged on the beach roasting your own fish, beans and chilies in banana leaves over an open flame...you get the idea.Skip Topolobampo (although the food is fantastic at Topo, it lacks the liveliness that makes Frontera such a delicious experience...and the food isn't THAT much better).You'll feel dizzy from pleasure after leaving here. Sorry SoCal, you have nothing close to this midwest gem.Friday afternoon, just closed on my condo.  Where to eat?  Frontera!  We walked to Frontera from Chicago Title and luckily got there around 4:30P.  I did not know that Frontera does not open til 5:00P.  At 4:30 there was already a line, we were about 10th.  It was nice out and I wanted to see what Frontera was all about.  We were let in and seated by 5:25P and I overheard that the wait was already an hour and a half for people who were just showing up.  The decor was pretty nice, music was kind of loud but bearable and our waitress was awesome.  We started out with the ceveche trio, and chips and salsa.  I ordered the lamb shank special and I was not disappointed in the least.  The sauce was awesome and the lamb shank was so tender that it literally fell off the bone.  Great flavor and great texture.  I would definitely recommend frontera to my friends and family, but only if they invited me to go as well...:)Try frontera, you definitely will not be disappointed.  Only reason I took off one star was because of the price.  I don't think great food and great service should cost that much.Full disclosure: I have a couple of friends in the kitchen and a couple of friends on the floor here.That being said, Frontera is phenomenal.  There's not much I can say that hasn't been said already, so I'll keep the review short: excellent guacamole, great ceviche, top-notch service, and a menu that changes very often to keep things new.And man, that mezcal margarita will haunt your dreams, it's so tasty.I found the whole Frontera experience to be underwhelming. We had to wait a long time before getting a table (an hour, so I guess by their standards it wasn't even a "long" time). We sat at the bar and the bartender was excellent but the drinks were pretty expensive. The appetizer we ordered at the bar was delicious but, unfortunately, that was the highlight of my night. I didn't really enjoy the rest of the food and given the price tag I was pretty disappointed. My enchiladas were too salty and kind of bland at the same time.  The server was just so-so. We sat at a small table for two in a highly-traveled part of the restaurant so I just felt really squished.  I didn't have a horrible time there but I can think of a lot of better ways to spend the money that I spent on the food that night. I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.Came here for Saturday brunch on a whim with a friend and was not disappointed.  We arrived around 11:30ish and were quoted a 45 min to hour long wait.  I didn't know if I could wait that long but we took the beeper and scoped out the bar area.  We ended up finding 2 empty seats with a perfect view into the kitchen...woo hoo, SCORE!  We ordered the queso fundido to start off and it was indeed "fundido"!  You can't go wrong with anything that has cheese and chorizo!  I ordered the Sapitos and he ordered the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena.  My dish was 3 corn cakes (think tortillas) swimming in a beautiful and tasty chipotle black bean sauce, with 3 different toppings: scrambled eggs, grilled chicken, and chorizo and plantains.  The scrambled eggs were good, the grilled chicken was tasty, and the chorizo and plantains...well, let's just say this girl is a HUGE fan of a sweet and savory, especially when they are put together.  My friend offered me a bit of his carne asada steak and it was quite tasty as well.  Perfectly seasoned and wonderfully cooked.  A little charred on the edges and super juicy in the middle.I didn't quite stuff myself to the point of heavy breathing, so I decided to partake in some dessert.  Everything on the dessert menu looked fantastic and I ended up going with a chocolate hazelnut "torta."  Oh. My. God. This was hands down one of the BEST desserts I have ever had!  It was the perfect balance of chocolate and hazelnut without being too rich.  It was enough for 2 people and I did let my friend have a few bites so I wouldn't look like a COMPLETE pig.  (C'mon now people, I'm still a lady.)They change their menu every couple months but I'll definitely be back...gonna keep my eye out for that chocolate hazelnut torta!After flying into Chicago on a Friday afternoon, my girlfriend and I dropped by the Frontera Grill later that day to see what all the fuss was about. Since we've watched Mr. Bayless cook food on PBS for a while, and it was reported that he had cooked for the President at a state dinner earlier that week, our expectations were very high.We cabbed it down and arrived around 7:30 p.m. -- prime dinner time. As expected, the lady behind the counter took our name down and said it would be two and a half hours before we'd be seated. Just come back in two hours, she said. So, we decided to walk around for a while and come back and get drinks at the bar. After 45 minutes, we checked back in, received a buzzer and went to the bar (which was still full). To our surprise, the buzzer went off after only 15 minutes. So, the actual wait was only around one hour. Good thing, since we were told to come back in two hours??Anyway, onto the food. The margaritas were excellent (the blue agave was superb, the topolo was ok). The side dishes (we had the sopes and the ceviche) were fantastic. The main course was also wonderful (I had the asada brava - flank steak with a sweet corn tamale). Given all the expectations, it was difficult to see how the restaurant could have lived up to the hype, but it certainly did. the one thing I would say is that the portions (both food and drink) could have been just a tad bigger for the price. Other than that, it's definitely the best Mexican restaurant I've been to, and perhaps one of the best ever.Frankly, I've spent a great deal of time falling in love with the food of Mexico...from the simplest grilled fish and ceviches under beach side palapas to the swankiest of restaurants.  There is a reason Frontera has been called one of the best restaurants in America and why this lowly diner gives it five stars.I don't know how he does it, but Rick Bayless can create an orgasmic experience from a piece of fish, mashed potatoes and a simple broth.  He does it time after time.  I have never...never...had a meal here that was anything less that amazingly fresh and explosive with flavor.  It's like this guy has mapped out our taste buds and discovered exactly how to push the right buttons.  He even takes the simplest side dish, like frijoles charros, and lifts it to new levels.I could go on for days, but suffice to say that this unbelievable menu, the first-rate staff and a casual coastal Mexican atmosphere come together  to make Frontera one of my all time favorite restaurants in Chicago.I've heard a lot of hypes about Frontera Grill so my manager and I decided to give it a shot.  We ate at the bar since we didnt want to wait for an hour to be seated, and especially after a long flight from SF to Chicago.  Well, we ordered two appetizers to start.  They were delicious!  For our meal, I had a taco dish and she ordered a lamb dish.  My dish was way too salty.  I could tell that I was just a heart beat away from having a heart attack.  The lamb dish was covered with sauce.  It wasn't what she had expected.  The service here was terrible!  Our waiter had a hard communicating with us.  He put in three appetizers when we only wanted two.  The floor manager had an attitude because we didnt like the foods.  To be honest, I would not pay the price for this type of poor customer service.I'd have to admit that while Frontera isn't the place to go if you want real mexican food this is a great place to have some gourmet mexican food a la Rick Bayless style. I've always enjoyed the drinks prepared by the bartenders and have to admit that my favorite apps are still the sopes rancheros. Out of this world yummy.Entree wise you can't seem to go wrong. Pick any entree and chances are you'll love it. The desserts are crazy good and if you don't get one it'll be a great loss. Decor is pretty fun and colorful and the staff is very nice except the hostess. Not sure what the issue is there? I took a star away for that alone. She was rude and quick to dismiss my questions on wait time. Prices...well expect to pay a lot of money. Its not cheap to eat here.This is my 2nd posting. I have been an avid follower and want to thank the community for many great reviews over the years.  I have been relying on Yelp all over the country, from major cities to remote, obscure, on the verge of bizarre, less-traveled destinations where I had no idea where to go and was thankful my iPhone had GPS so I could search and triangulate based on reviews. Until now. I am compelled to now Yelp due to the enormous hype about Frontera Grill.  I feel misguided. I was so impressed by Bayless and his resistance to selling out - his commitment to taste, to quality, his business sense in releasing a whole line of $5 jarred salsas to the mass market - I wanted to be a fan.  BUT tonight, even after seeing him on various media outlets, I was disappointed.  (I even had a lot of liquor, which typically skews my palate in a chef's favor.  Alas.)Ok enough drama - feeback (anything in " " is a directly from the official website a/o today):TIMEFRAME (Fri pm):*5:45: 2 ppl, told wait time of 2 hours, round 1 drinks *7:00 given buzzy flashy coaster thing, round 2 drinks*8:00 seated, ordered food and bubbly*9:00 Bayless says hello to one table, ignores all others*10:30 departureNote: service was excellent - server replaced our silverware + water + took empty plates unsolicited; food arrived promptly and efficiently.  COCKTAILS:"Gold Margarita:  Sauza Gold tequila, Cazadores blanco tequila and Gran Torres orange liqueur steeped with fresh lime juice.  7.00"  *delicious, arrived in tall glass, strong enough, not watery.  worth it."Blue Agave Margarita:  Cazadores Blanco tequila, Cointreau and fresh lime juice, shaken at the table.  9.00"  *extremely sour, if you like sour drinks, by all means.  this was my first drink and I didn't choose to reorder it."Topolo Margarita:  Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Gran Torres liqueur and housemade limonada, shaken at the table.  9.00"  *less sour than the blue agave but too sour for my friend.  I sipped it and would have been fine with it.  "Champagne Margarita:  Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Gran Torres and fresh squeezed limonada, sparked with Piper Heidsieck Brut champagne.  12.00"  *good quality drink my friend ordered, but is it really necessary to mix champagne with margaritas?  and could you tell the brand of bubbly?  only the most discerning, I imagine - sommeliers.+ Cava Champagne: $40 per bottle.*pretty good bubbly; you can't go wrong with a nice cava.  FOOD:"Gorditas de Borrego:    Gorditas de Borrego - crispy little corn masa cakes stuffed with slow-cooked lamb "chicharron prensado," black beans, avocado, salsa roja, queso anejo.  8.50"  *we ordered these after reading a bunch of Yelp recommendations.  Three little masa pita pockets arrived, stuffed with oversalted lamb chicharron and avocado.  Were these lamb?  Couldn't tell. "'Tostadas' de Atun y Erizo:    Hawaiian ahi tuna carpaccio and fresh Maine sea urchin with crispy tortillas, fresh lime and roasted garlic mojo. Fried leeks, avocado, sungold tomato.  15.00"The 'tostadas' is because the ahi serves as the base - a thinly sliced rectangular sheet with a surprisingly deconstructed array of ingredients delicately placed on top.  This looked oddly Alinea-esque, out of place here.  Yet this dish was subtle and delicious, not an over the top flavor punch like the gorditas. The urchin was divine."Enchiladas de Mole Poblano:  homemade tortillas rolled around Gunthorp free-range chicken, doused with Mexicos most famous mole; black beans.  18.00"  *Mole: not as rich as I would have liked, was expecting a more complex, chocolate-y sauce.  Beans were delicious though.  Chicken a little dry.  So many Yelpers loved this, why?  Oh why?"Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak, marinated in spicy red chile and wood- grilled, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole.  29.50" *Steak excellently cooked (med rare), would have been nice to see slices, as if carved immediately prior.  Plantains were excellent - caramelized, with a slight crunch at edges and good contrast with the sour cream.  Guac had sundried tomatoes perhaps?  could have used a little citrus.  Homemade tortillas were a lovely touch.  But $30 total? Really?We added salsas - a green chili and red tomatillo, those were fresh and excellent.DESSERT:My friend ordered the apple crumble with cinnamon ice cream - did not seem so distinctly Mexican; had a strong butter taste as if a whole stick was mixed into it. Tasty though.In the end, meal good but not mindblowing.  And expensive for what you got. I think you could easily find more authentic, regional Mexican food for a lot less elsewhere so are you paying for marketing, ambiance, and to sit among a lets say homogenous pool of older people of a certain background who are willing to pay more?  I'm full and satisfied but won't go back in the near future, even if my friend picked up the check this time.Rick Bayless is a genius as his dishes are beautiful and delicious. I am typically not a fan of chicken mole, as I find it too spicy, bitter, and unpleasant to look at, but Frontera's chicken mole enchiladas have changed my mind completely. The flavor is complex, subtle, and yet absolutely wonderful that you just want to keep eating it. On the first bite I was a little "huh?" and then by the 2nd or 3rd bite I found a strange craving for more coming over me. I liked sampling all my family members dishes as well but I held a special place for the mole. The Trio, Trio, Trio is also excellent and a great start to the whole meal. It was another hot summer day and dipping into that guacamole was heavenly. I'm not usually a cilantro fan either(I know, why eat Mexican then?) but maybe they use really good cilantro or know how to do just the right proportions, but anything with cilantro was just fine. I loved every bite and we had to get more chips too because they were just perfect with it. We even drank the left over juices in the cups.Until dessert...Flan!!! FLAN!!! Blackberries and flan btw is genius, and having two flavors was nice. We also had the ice cream(rasberry and fig) with a side of chocolate dipping action going on. Ohh, rasberry and choco heaven~ The fig was good too but I have a special place in my tummy for rasberry so that disappeared faster... Excellent service and we were seated fairly quickly though you may want to send someone ahead and while looking for parking you'll arrive just in time to sit down. The wheelchair accessibility was good for me though and had a nice ramp going to the bar but the door was a bit heavy for me. The staff was eager to open doors for me though when I had trouble. Our server was really kind and funny and posed for a picture while shaking up a drink. He put us in a good mood and was knowledgeable of all the dishes. Overall, a great place for a great time. Expect to dish out a few extra bucks because you will want to try a lot of things. :)I thought we could beat the crowds by coming at 6pm for an early dinner. WRONG. The restaurant was already completely packed, and it was 1  1/2 - 2 hour wait for a table! Madness.Since there wasn't even room at the bar at Frontera, we decided to get a "snack" at Bayless' new Mexican street food restaurant next door, XOCO, while we waited.  (see my review on XOCO).An hour and a half later, our buzzer finally went off for our table at Frontera Grill. It was a lovely evening, so I was pleased to get a table on the patio. We started off with their special Mezcal margarita (YUM!) and ordered an array of items...Tostaditas (tortilla chips with 2 kinds of salsa) - the chips were good, but there was nothing special about the salsas. They tasted surprisingly similar and kind of watered down. If a restaurant is going to charge for chips and salsa, it should taste better than this.Scallop Ceviche  - this ceviche really highlighted the plumpness and sweetness of the scallops. The melon toned down the acidity of the ceviche, making it more soft and elegant, but there was still enough heat to give it a kick.Tamal de Elote (sweet corn tamales) - the fresh corn flavor was so sweet and vibrant in the tamales. The soft cheese added a slight savoriness, but this dish could have easily been a nice dessert. Enchiladas de Mole Poblano (chicken enchiladas with mole) -  I've been dying to try this mole ever since I saw Bayless make it on Top Chef Masters. And I'm happy to report that the mole was outstanding...slightly sweet with lots of heat, tang, earthiness, and depth. Unfortunately it couldn't make up for the dry, overcooked chicken, which was exacerbated by the dense, chewy tortillas. I did enjoy the side of black beans though - tasted like refried black beans, only much more savory and delectable.  I had REALLY high expectations for Frontera Grill (perhaps maybe too high). Although the food was good, it wasn't at the level I had expected...and definitely not worth waiting over an hour for. Way too much hype. My recommendation would be to skip the looooong wait at Frontera and eat at XOCO instead.  Both restaurants deliver lots of bold, in-your-face flavors and spices in a wide variety of Mexican dishesAmazing! Great ambiance and memorable food. Wife and I shared sopes rancheros and guac for appetizers. Sopes were full of flavor  and the guac was "interesting" with the addition of sun dried tomatoes I think.Main course 1. Pescado en Mole Chabacano with swordfish. Wow one of best fish dishes ever. Perfectly cooked and I quote my wife "flavors were dancing in my mouth"2. Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. just what I expected. Mole was earthy, sweet, savory, etc......Waitress was also kind enough to give some extra mole cause it was so good,This was quite a dining experience. The food was awesome and the colorful interior definitely kept me entertained during our 70 minute wait. On a Tuesday night. Wow.The guac was amazing, definitely the best I've ever had, it was fresh and chunky and just perfectly done with lovely presentation.The Topo margarita was great too. Amazingly smooth and tasty. I'm not a big tequila fan but this was great. I had two and felt GREAT after.For food, my meal of chicken, mashed potatoes w/aged Cheddar and beans was great but my date's meal the steak with plantains and guac was by far better. That will be my meal next time.Overall, it was a great time and great food. I would definitely go back next time just for dessert!Coming to Frontera Grill, just weeks after a Top Chef: Masters victory for Rick Bayless and the associated press coverage, I assumed the wait would be as long as many of my fellow Yelpers had mentioned.  With this being said, this is not a complaint.  This is more of an accepted right of passage for premier cuisine. My girlfriend arrived a bit before me - at least early enough to get started on the Summertime Margarita :) - and put our name in.  About 80-90 minutes later we were sitting outside on a chilly September night.Our waiter could not have been friendlier, well-versed and honest about the menu.  We started with 6 oysters - 2 each of the varied selection offered - and pork empanadas.  Two of the three oysters served as some of the best I've had, and the accompanying sauce of orange, lime, onion, cilantro and more was one of the best sauces I've ever had - on oysters or otherwise.As an entree, I went with the Falda Asada Brava - farm-fresh flank steak and hand-made salsa that matches and beats the same from tacos in Mexico - while my girlfriend had the Puerco.  Both served with fluffy, warm corn tortillas we traded bites and compliments for aspects of each others meals.  I complimented the fresh (from the roof) tomatoes and tender pork while she (rightly) complimented the tamales and even the smokey salsa.For dessert, we sided with a simple Mexican hot chocolate, a welcome reprieve from the standard after-dinner coffee and perfect for a chilly night on the patio on Clark.With several Bohemias, nice weather, a friendly waiter and good company, the (average) wait was more than worth it, and the flavors we'll remember are more than evidence of that.Honestly, I've been following Rick Bayless' career for years now.  And I have to say that he is a remarkably talented chef!Being from San Antonio, TX I know good authentic Mexican food as well as Tex-Mex (there's a difference).  Rick's commitment to stay true to authentic Mexican cuisine truly honors our culture.All of the ingredients are fresh, you can taste the freshness!  The flavor combinations in one dish can be overwhelmingly pleasant and truly work together as if in a chorus.  I have never had a bad dish that I didn't like, and always stop by at least for one meal on my trips up to Chicago.Thank you Rick Bayless for your commitment to quality and truth in Mexican cuisine!I was taken here by work, since it is a bit pricy and getting in is tough if you do not have a reservation a couple months in advance.The main dishes and starters are 5 stars--I tried a total of 8 dishes as we were sharing.Highlights--the wood grill meat tacos, especially the **duck**.  The meat in general is excellent, and the goat, best goat I have ever had. All of the food was so good, really. I had dishes with goat, duck, beef, spicy pork.The recipes are delicious. But the guacamole was nothing to write home about--it isn't bad, it just isn't special and I know many people who make great homemade guac.The atmosphere is festive, the art nice.Why they lose a star and almost 2:For the price of things in here, the drinks should be BIGGER and better.The margaritas should be called margarita-tinies, since they are one gulp, seriously, a fortune to pay for such a tiny drink.The mixed drinks simply were not great--mixes not made with all fresh ingredients I think like the mojitos which def were not all homemade ingredients--the mix tasted undissolved.  I would stick to beer or wine, an excellent list.and getting a waiter's attention can be challenging, but the kicker was that our waiter brought something to our table and let on like it was a mistake and a bit of a laugh/joke, and just set it down without even asking us, but he did not indicate the price of it. We then found out after trying a bit that it was a platter for dessert and $25.  If you are going to be charging more than a few dollars you need to let the table know. It is just a sneaky way to push the desserts, and I don't like that. A dessert menu or a dessert trolly/cart shows or tells the prices. The desserts were exceptional by the way, but you have to inform customers.I will come again, but I will avoid certain items and I wont touch anything set on my table without finding out fully what the table is responsible for paying.I wish that i had liked this restaurant more than i did. My expectations were set very high because of the multiple culinary awards and praise that the restaurant has received. Perhaps this hindered my experience in some respects.I feel that the most important thing i can tell anyone interested in trying the Frontera Grill for the first time it this: The food served here is authentic Mexican. This authenticity results in very basic, yet flavorful dishes. I ordered guacamole, fried plantains, and chicken tacos. The guacamole was my favorite part of the meal. It was simple and perfect. The fried plantains were quite good, and i encourage people to try them. There flavor is very sweet, and when complemented with the cream offer a very bold flavor. Unfortunately the tacos were the most bland part of the meal. My realization is this: This restaurant has wonderful atmosphere, interesting selection of foods, but in the end left me wanting more. Obviously this restaurant is not for everyone. I encourage everyone to try it out, but keep you expectations in check.P.S. try the Agua del Dia, it is a very original and creative mix of flavors that create a drink unlike any i have ever experienced, and it complimented the meal perfectly.Background: I brought my family in for dinner on a Tuesday evening without reservations.  We were told it was a 2 hour wait but we were seated after 30 minutes.  I would recommend getting reservations as I think we were just really lucky.     Food: We ordered the ceviche tasting which had 3 types of ceviche, all different enough from one another that the sampler was a good choice.  The shrimp and calamari one was my favorite but my 8 yr old daugher liked the tuna with mango.  All of them were very fresh and delicious.For our main course we had the Tuesday special which was goat, which I was interested to try since its not common in the US.  I was not disappointed.  The preparation made me wonder why more people don't eat goat!  We also got the duck in mole, which my wife really liked, and I thought as far as mole's go it was very good.For dessert we had an upside-down pear cake, which was very interesting.  The hot chocolate was amazing too.Service: Our server was on top of it for the whole experience and made sure we knew how each dish was prepared.Ambiance: I felt like our table was stuck in the middle of everything, which was kind of weird.Overall:  I would go back again in a heartbeat.  It was authentic Mexican food in all places Chicago.I've eaten in the dining room of Frontera Grill, but my favorite place to eat and drink there is at the bar which has cool artwork and a great vibe. The topolo margaritas are my favorite in the whole world, and the food is melt-in-your-mouth delicious. My only complaint is that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays, and that is many times when I'm in town. Otherwise I always make it a point to come here for the amazing topolo margaritas and great food.At long last, I finally found myself in Chicago in a hotel that was walking distance to Frontera. I've been eyeing this restaurant for a couple years, so was thrilled to finally get the chance to try Chef Bayless' flagship. Unfortunately, I thought I could do so easily after 8 PM on a Tuesday night. Not so.My partner in dining crime and I were told the wait for 2 would be upwards of 45 minutes, so we circled the bar like hawks until we could get a seat to eat there--which was about a 15 minute wait instead. The atmosphere at the bar is great, so we definitely did not feel short-changed.This being my first trip to Frontera, I wanted to order small plates so I could get a sampling of the style. I started with the scallop ceviche, which was nearly perfect. The shaved jicama rounds were a nice textural contrast to the silky scallops. And though pineapple is one of my least-favorite flavors, the sweetness of the juice was a nice contrast to the acid and spice from the lightly toasted Serrano chiles. I just would have preferred the juice of a different sweet fruit, like peach (but that's a personal palate preference, not a knock on the dish).I knocked off a star on my rating because of the wait in between my scallops and second dish, the chicken mole enchiladas. The pace of the meal and quality of service started fine, but we had to wait 30 minutes between our starters and second course, which is just outrageous.Ultimately, the wait proved to be worth it for the three little chicken enchiladas with incredibly complex mole. I have to admit: I'm not the biggest mole fan, but knew I had to order something with mole here. Mole to me tends to be a little vinegary, but Frontera's was anything but. I actually found it to be primarily sweet and smoky, which I really loved.Frontera proved to be everything I'd hoped it would be, and I can't wait to return to Chicago so I can enjoy continuing to make my way through the menu.SOOOO GOOD!My friend who just moved to Chicago is a huge Rick Bayless fan and had been raving to me about this place over the phone, so I knew we had to try it when I went to visit! This place was amazing...You MUST try their Bloody Maria's, they make their own mix and its to die for! Also, their Mojitos are great, especially the Watermelon one!You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, its all fabulous. The indigenous pancakes were great and the guacamole is EXCELLENT!! They change their menu depending on whether you go for Brunch or Dinner so check out both times for the full experience.Be ready to wait, but its well worth it. Especially if you have a few drinks and an appetizer at the bar!I've wanted to eat here since I saw his show on PBS.  I was really worried it wouldn't be as good as I hoped - and I was not disappointed.  I had guacamole, trio of ceviche and the Topolobampo margarita which were all wonderful.  I was able to try the food from the people with me: goat enchiladas with mole, brisket and roasted pork and pineapple tacos which were absolutely tasty. I can't wait to go again!Another cool thing about the place is that Rick Bayless is actually there all the time!This place is amazing.  I've been twice, and I've had a great experience each time.  Unfortunately the first time I went was about 2009, and back then they did not do reservations.  I wish I had known that before going there in early October.  The place was packed and it was either wait for almost 2 hours or find seats in the bar area (which is first come first served.)I can't begin to explain why this place is so good.  From the ambiance, to the food and the decor....everything is perfect.  If only I lived closer to Chicago, I'd probably eat there once a month (at least!)Frontera is at the same time amazing as it is challenging.  The food is out of this world, but the wait is out of this world as well.Now if you can snag a seat at the bar or don't mind waiting, then this place is for you.In my opinion the food here is well worth the wait.  In my 10 years going to this place I have never had a bad meal and it rivals the food I have had all over Mexico or across the country.The Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena will rival any steak you can get at a 5 star steakhouse in the city, their squash blossom quesadillas are top notch, the seasonal tamales are succulent, and their salsa verde has a tang that is unbeatable.I really suggest to first timers to step outside of the traditional "tex-mex" style mexican food and go for some of the more authentic and unique cuisine and you will come away very happy that you did.Simply amazing. Saturday brunch was El Bajio ($12) and Pollo Mole' ($12).  Chips are hand made.  Both green and red sauce amazing with hand made chips($7).  Their Premium  margarita is very good but small ($9)We loved it and will return for dinner next time we visit Chicago.The only sour spot on an otherwise wonderful visit to Chicago. I can't tell you about the food, as we left before ever sitting down -- this review is on the attitude of the staff only.After watching Rick's show for many years, we wanted to try his well-known restaurant. We walked over the day before we wanted to dine there and spoke to some workers who were setting up tables and asked for a reservation for the following day. They said they couldn't take a reservation at that time, but to call tomorrow and make one by phone. Ok, next day we do just that and are told they don't take reservations by phone, but to just show up and get in line at 4:15ish for the 5:00 opening and we would get a table (we had 7:30 show tickets and told them this on the phone.) Ok, no problem -- we show up at 4:15 and are about the 3rd people in line. We wait until 5:00 when an extremely annoyed employee with a rotten attitude slowly opens the doors and herds in the now very large crowd. We make our way to the front desk and see that beepers are being given out and that there were no tables available (one peek in the dining room showed an empty room!) When we told the attitude queen our plight, he rolled his obviously dyed eyelashes and basically said that was too damn bad for us. I mean, c'mon -- this is Frontera Grill -- we should be honored to stand in line -- let alone actually get a table and pay money to eat dinner there. Snotty, rude and ridiculous! Suffice it to say we left and actually found a fabulous restaurant a couple of blocks away that welcomed us with open arms, fed us and got us out in plenty of time for our show. And they were nice! Sorry, Rick Bayless -- we won't be attempting to visit your white-boy wanna be Mexican restaurants again ever!OMG! Frontera is truly one of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to. Everything was so good. I'm not usually a person that enjoys salsa but even the salsas (that come on the table) were impossible to stop eating.My main entree was cooked perfectly as was my other parties'. I had a delicious margarita also. I can't wait to go back and soon!!What a wonderful culinary experience. Last night, a group of us were able to make it for a late dinner. We started with their guacamole and salsa with homemade chips. The guac was tasty, but the star was definitely the salsa. They serve two varieties with the green being a tangy roasted tomatillo.For dinner, we started with their ceviche trio. All three varieties were tasty and served beautifully. For my money and if i were to do it again, I would have a full order of the Frontera ceviche as it was probably the best ceviche I've ever had. For our main dish I had the beef tacos al carbon. The meat was remarkably tender and tasty, served with soft corn tortillas and guacamole. In a way, I can't believe that I "settled" for fajitas, but after I put the first taco in my mouth, all doubts melted away.Our table split three desserts and they were each amazing. The Pay de Queso y Chocolate (Oaxacan cheesecake tart) was sublime. The Budin de Pan (blueberry bread pudding) was rich without being overpowering. The flan was perfect. The icecream dish was served with some type of wicked crumble that had us fighting over crumbs--literally. Desserts alone would be worth the trip and wait.And of course the drinks were phenomenal. I had the aguas frescas with a shot of something and the margarita. They were worthy of a top destination bar in terms of quality and originality.Simply amazing. Thanks, Rick Bayless.Not impressed, which is disappointing because I had high hopes for this highly revered Bayless restaurant. The best thing that we ordered was guacamole. The taquitos were blah and so were the other entrees (I can't even remember what they were...very forgettable). For such a pricy meal, you'd expect a lot better. If you're going to spend this much for Mexican, Mercadito is the way to go.Everyone raves about this place.  I finally had a chance to check it out and it was "just ok".  I can't recommend because personally I would rather go to hole in the wall, authentic Mexican restaurant.  I just don't feel like you have to pay a lot to get good Italian or Mexican food.I gotta give Rick Bayless' Frontera Grill a solid 4 stars.  We could only get a 530 reservation, so ate a little bit on the early side.  (Which wasn't all THAT bad anyway after a stressful day at work.)So, we got in line w/ all the walkups at 515, were seated by 525, and had drinks in hand by 535.  Not horrible.  Ok... the drinks:  I started off w/ a smoky bacon infused (!) margarita w/ agave extract an tequila.  It was shaken martini-style tableside.  It was the novelty of bacon in a marg that I was after, and a glass full of novelty I received.  And, like most novelty items, it wears off.  Quickly.  My second drink was a standard "Gold Margarita" made w/ gold sauza.  It tasted fresh, tangy and delicioso.  (Definitely should've started w/ that and just continued.)  So so so good.  And, the cheapest marg on the list!The Food:  A Mexican TOUR DE FORCE (trying to be cheesy and serious here)!  I started w/ a Queso Fundido Clasico which came w/ chorizo, grilled onions, and diced poblano peppers.  Holy s*it!  A helluva way to start off a meal, albeit a little heavy.  Still delicious!  Shannon had a cream of asparagus soup with salmon BACON (see a theme here?), which was also amazing.  I'd say that she won the appetizer contest.For mains, I had Carne Asada "Brava" which had a nice spicy chile rub on it, and was served in a spicy tomoato sauce.  The meat used apparently comes from Bill Curtis' (local news anchorman) cow company.  I thought that the taste was fantastic.  The cut of beef was a little fatty, but I believe carne asada is sort of like the Mexican hanger or flank steak.  It came w/ tamales that were too sweet, but were topped w/ aged queso blanco which I'm a big fan of.  Shannon had catfish tacos al carbon.  I tried a wee bit of catfish, and it was amazing.For desert, we ordered cream cheese icecream with homemade caramel sauce that was so good.  At this point we were practically halucinating we were so full, but it was well worth it.  Overall, the food was really high quality.  Right down to the amazing green salsa on the table when you get there.  Would I go again?  Yes, but probably for lunch, and for a special occasion.  I'd also try something else to eat.  Maybe an enchilada.  Two thumbs up for Frontera Grill.Can the gringo out mexican the mexicans? We enjoyed our brunch at Frontera, but it wasn't the second coming.  I made reservations for nine people.It was decided by popular vote that I ordered the best entree: three little corn cakes, topped with egg, shredded chicken, or chorizo and plantains in a bowl of smoky black bean puree drizzled with crema. I've made black bean soup, from canned and dried beans many, many times but Frontera did something special to make this humble dish a standout (homemade broth? hours of boiling with a ham hock?)The agua del dia was delicious: cucumber, pineapple, and parsley.The misses: the red pozole was bland, the broth watery.  And the special, a wet tamale, was way too salty, which drowned out the delicate spicesAnnoying: the waiter trying to upsell with the bottled water (after we'd already been served tap water, which tasted fine) and pushing the appetizer plate ($7.50 per person, for guacamole, ceviche, quesadilla, and taquitos. no offense, they're probably pretty good, but we could get a knockoff version at taco bell) Instead, we ordered the more interesting capitale quesadilla, which are deep fried, cheese filled empanadas, the guac and the ceviche (too sweet)Bright, festive decor.Rick Bayless is a freaking genius, and I LOVE that he has a restaurant I can go to in a T-shirt and shorts. You usually don't get that kind of stuff from such a top-notch chef.I ordered the Milanese de Puerco on the recommendation of our waiter because there were honestly too many divine-sounding options from which to choose on the menu. Excellent choice. The pork loin was tender and juicy, and the tomato-based sauce was just enough to give a little flavor kick -- not overwhelming at all. And the salad? I had to ask to confirm what it was, because I NEVER eat raw watercress. This stuff was seasoned so delicately but was amazingly tasty. Yum.We'll definitely be back!It might be because I arrived close to closing, but I barely had to wait to be seated here, even though it was a Friday. I arrived with my girlfriend for a late dinner around 10pm. I was told that there would be a 30 minute wait, but 10 minutes later, I was informed that a table had opened up.The decor is nice and warm. The crowd density is what you'd expect from a restaurant by a famed chef who has been on television. It was very crowded, even at this late hour, and quite noisy. If you're looking to grab a bite and have some peace and quiet, you might want to hold out and get a table at Topolobampo, which is right through a curtained door, but has a more intimate dining experience. However, if you're like me and just wanted some good food, stay put.I ordered two small plates, Taquitos de Pollo and another dish that I forget the name of. My girlfriend had the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano and Tamal de Mole Amarillo. My two dishes arrived within a few minutes, but it was easily a half-hour before the other two items arrived. That changed our eating plans--we were originally just going to eat what we ordered, but ended up splitting the whole meal down the middle, since we were getting hungry waiting.The food, however, did not disappoint! Great, fresh tasting food came to the table, and was always presented with a smile, which must be difficult in a room full of tables set 2-3 feet apart.I would have given just about any other restaurant 3 stars for the wait, but understanding that this place is much talked about and therefore prone to crowding and delay, I'm giving Frontera the benefit of the doubt.All the dishes were flavorful, and needed no further seasoning. The mole on the enchiladas was a bit strong, but the black beans that accompanied it really helped offset the flavor.A bit of people watching (meal watching, rather) showed me how tasty everything looked: the presentation was executed just as well as the actual quality of the food. That's not easy to find for a decent price.I've read a lot about Frontera, and I was not let down. One thing to note, there seems to be a lot of overlap between this and Topolobampo. It's probably easier to get in to and a little less expensive, so you might go here first, then try the upscale if you're really hooked. I met my Dad here for dinner one night. We came on a wintry Wednesday, and arriving at 6:15ish, were able to just get a table right away - I'm going to go out on a limb here and say this is very unusual. We started with the ceviche trio - ahi tuna, shrimp/ocotpus, and sunfish. The sunfish was the clear winner, the right balance of tangy and sweet, and a great chewy fish texture with crispy jicama made for a nice combo. My dinner was the chile rellenos - again, being able to just get these is probably unusual. I've heard over and over again how good these are, so I would have been silly to pass it up. They turned out excellent, superb green chile flavor, battered with a fluffy, almost pancake or souffle style batter (I expected a little more of a crispy, fried-chickeny batter), one filled with white cheese, and one filled with pork picadillo. The whole thing was in a nice pool of garlic tomato broth, and perhaps the perfect complement, a very simple alfalfa (or bean) sprout salad in a vinegar dressing. So a great combination of flavors, tender, juicy pork, and outstanding chiles. Worth it. My Dad had the braised pork shoulder, which was also very good. Tender, juicy pork, pickled and sauteed onions, good black beans, and white corn tortillas (no flour - excellent). This was pretty similar to the picadillo in the rellenos, but without as much sweetness. The kicker was a small quantity of thin habanero salsa. Our waiter warned us repeatedly about how hot this was. My dad and I both eat pretty hot food, but this really wasn't all that hot - it was, however, excellent. The right complement to the pork and beans. I had a desert that was pretty unusual - chocolate ice in a lime/mint broth with tangerine and grapefruit segments, and pomegranate seeds. It turned out to be an amazing combo - think of the pomegranate as little chocolate chips, and the refreshing milk-free chocolate ice paired nicely with the tart broth and fruits. Very good. Dad had a pecan pie tart type thing with some ice cream - good pecan pie with chewy edges. Yay for chewy edges. As for menu overlap - the ceviche trio is also on the menu at Topo (and I had it there too, where it was also quite good) and I also saw the duck breast mole that I enjoyed greatly at Topo making an appearance at Frontera. Perhaps the older items from Topo make their way down to Frontera and a wider audience - if that's the policy, then terrific, because the prices are more reasonable here than at Topo. Al that said, I would totally go back. This turned out to be a tad more expensive than I had intended, but we both had deserts, which were a tad pricey. Either way, I was not let down by the hype over the restaurant in general or the chile rellenos in specific, and would very much recommend Frontera. Go on a really cold windy Wednesday for best results.I was really excited to go to Frontera. After realizing that reservations are made 3 months in advance and booked up solid, we waited 2 hours and finally made it to a nice spot outside of Frontera (even the fact that it was 9pm by then). Just be wary trying to "walk-in" for dinner here.We started off with the chips and salsa ($3 is a good value, but I'd pass here, the salsas are very normal bottle water like). Then came the Shredded Beef over Corn boats with avocado and a out of control sauce. I would order 3 more orders of this. Then the trio ceviche (tuna with mango, scallops, and calamari). All three were light, well seasoned, and perfect. I only wish I ordered bowls of it.Lastly came the enchilada mole. Ok, so I may not be a Mexican expert, but I grew up in California, and have had my fair share of Mexican food. I found the mole to be a bit underseasoned, and not as robust as I would expect a mole that has been cooking for hours. The chicken seemed a bit dried out, actually, a lot dried out. I found the beans to actually be the best part of the dish. Seriously I was a bit underwhelmed by the dish. But, overall, given the prices, the decent service, and the idea behind the restaurant, I really enjoyed Frontera Grill. I would try it again, with a different combination of foods, but hopefully with reservations.5 BEARS (my family), 3 appetizers, 1 soup, 3 Specials, 4 light entrees, 3 desserts, 3 drinks. Total cost: $220 inc t/t.Talk about new taste sensations in the mouth. It's hard to describe what to order since you really have to just go with your gut feeling and eyes. Peruse the menu carefully while waiting (you'll have a lot of time believe me) and decide what to get. Anything with duck is a good choice. Another good idea for firsts is the famous trio, trio, trio, three delicious ceviches complemented with house tortilla chips. The soup from the Topolobampo menu is divine. You will want that as well. It's essentially a tortilla soup drippin' in goodness and depth. You also might want to choose the "light entrees" which are cheaper over the "specials" to get a greater variety. But recognize the trade-off between more fanciful, high end food, and dressed up street food. The price varies accordingly. I also highly suggest ordering both a dessert and a drink (or two)! They're famous here for a reason.Note: On the line...yeah it's long. We got there at 145pm and got seated by 230pm. Wasn't so bad in my opinion since I expected to wait 1.5 hours!DELICIOUS. We have been obsessed with going to Frontera Grill for about 3 years now... and it finally happened!  We loved it! Great authentic Mexican flavor.My advice for the wait time... i would suggest going when we did... We got there at 10:20am on a Saturday to make sure we could get in the second the doors opened for Brunch at 10:30.  we immediately got seated... it was amazing!Love the decor. Love the home-made everything... and especially that they support local farmers by getting all of their ingredients locally. So fresh.Almost 2 months to get a reservation here - and it was worth the wait.What can I say that hasn't already been said? If you love authentic Mexican food, locally grown (rooftop garden!) by amazing chefs, you will not be disappointed.My recommendations:* Guacamole* Trio of Ceviche* Cazuela de Tinga (pork shoulder braised with tomatoes, chipotle chiles, homemade chorizo, potatoes, diced avocado, queso fresco.)* Taquitos de Pollo Ahumado (taquitos filled with smoked chicken, black beans and poblanos, sour cream, salsa verde, anejo cheese, guacamole)* Flautas de Carnitas (taquitos filled with red chile pork carnitas and caramelized onions, arugula salad, Jack cheese)The menu changes, so these things may not be available all of the time.I would try the tapas portion of the menu so you can try a bunch of different dishes.Once I exited my taxi, I knew I was in for a treat beyond words. Arriving in front of Frontera Grill, I was welcomed with the amazing aroma of the finest mexican foods.I began my feast with Guacamole and chips. The chips were thin and crisp. Perfect in my opinion, some may say they were heavy on the salt. My Topolo Margarita served in a Martini glass was the perfect refresher.My lunch was the Quesadillas Norton's, with Charcoaled Chicken. The Black Beans as a side were the best I've ever had. Every plate that pasted by my table looked better then the one before. I can not wait to return to try more and more from their amazing selection.The service was friendly and the staff offered suggestions based on best sellers and personal favorites.The main reason we decided to go to Frontera was the fact that this is a Rick Bayless dining establishment. Watching Top Chef Masters i would drool over the dishes Chef Bayless was serving up on every episode, and couldn't wait to try his food someday!Well my dream came true, and whether THE chef himself was cooking back there in the kitchen or not, i didn't care...all i knew was it was HIS restaurant, OMG!Anyhoo, we ordered the chips & salsa to start which was a small serving and overall good. Then for the entree we got the "Mixiote de Borrego" (lamb shoulder slow-roasted with ancho-pasilla sauce, giant butterbeans, chayote & epazote all wrapped in a parchment package and served with a frisee-watercress salad). That lamb was perfectly cooked, the sauce was delicious (a bit on the spicy side), and the salad had a really nice lemon dressing.Since this is a Rick Bayless restaurant i was expecting a mindblowing experience, instead i was bit underwhelmed. The food was very good, but it could've been excellent. Also, the place was packed. That is the customers were packed into tables like sardines from the tight seating setup : /Side note: be sure to make a reservation, otherwise there's a 1-2 hour wait.I made a point of going here after a friend told me it was a must.  Reviews seemed very positive.  Wow... disappointing.  I think it's one of those places that used to be good... and now survives on that former reputation. The drinks were good, but nothing great about them.  I've had much better.  Guacamole... I'd hardly even decribe it as good.  I was hungry, so I ate some.  I ordered a salad, that was small and fairly tasty, but needed dressing.  I think they splashed a bit on, but not entirely sure.  Other food was mediocre.  Nothing I would ever go back for, and nothing I enjoyed.  The exception was dessert.  I got the flan duo, which was excellent.  Creamy and delicious.  If I went again, it would be for dessert only.Service was incredibly slow.  I was there by myself, ordered nothing complicated, and was there for over 2 hours.  Most of that time was spent waiting... it was probably 15+ minutes before I was even able to order a drink.  About as long to get that drink.  It was a long, slow, uninteresting night.I'm not a fan.Rick Bayless is the man who has introduced Mexican food which isn't a taco to the US. I've seen him on the American TV show Top Chef myself and my 3 amigos are very much looking forward to trying his food.We head for brunch on a Saturday morning. Chicago is certainly my kind of town. We're there a little early, it doesn't open til half ten and have a quick coffee in Starbucks. When we get back a healthy que has already formed.Once we get into the restaurant we are hit with a lively, happy and warm atmosphere. The colours on the wall are all sandy light browns with Mexican paraphernalia dotted around. Our waiter is wonderful and friendly and we are brought to our table at the corner of the restaurant.The menu has lots of options; snacks, guacamole, soups, salads, tacos, enchiladas and specials. We order the Tostaditas to share for starters, tasty home made warm tortilla chips which come with beautiful dips. I eye one of the specials for my main: Sapitos, a trio of Xalapa-style gorditas (corn masa cakes) in chipotle-black bean sauce each with its own topping: scrambled eggs, grilled chicken, chorizo, plantains; homemade crema & queso fresco. My girlfriend coozes over the sound of the Hot Cakes; corn pancakes with whipped goats cheese that comes with bacon and eggs. She also orders the home made lemonade which is spikey!My dish is beautiful; each component of the food melds together and isn't too heavy. Reagan's hot cakes are also delicious with ample slices of bacon. I wash this down with a surprisingly unspectacular coffee.Brunch for four comes to $90, for such a well known prestigious chef with such excellent food I find this excellent value. And there is nothing pretentious about Frontera, it's atmosphere is of an enjoyable, happy restaurant and is in no way stiff or formal, the food is the star, pure quality. I will certainly think differently about Mexican food. All in all a great experience.I've been here twice for dinner over the past 7 years and both times I left feeling like I had an adequate meal, but nothing special. Most recently, I came here with four other people for dinner on a Friday night. As expected, we had to wait over two hours for a table. If I have to wait that long to get a meal somewhere, I expect the meal to be better than average. Sadly, that really wasn't the case.We were seated at a good table inside--out of the main foot traffic area and not crammed up against other people. We had the bacon guacamole for an appetizer, which was superb. My only complaint about this was that the serving is pretty small. We had to order two for our table and we plowed through them both in about 5 minutes. When the main courses were delivered to our table, mine was missing. The waitress came over and said, "I heard something was missing. What is it?" I told her and then she ran off, presumably to the kitchen. Time went on and some other woman arrived (a manager I guess) who explained that the waitress had forgotten to put the order in, but that she's not normally that forgetful. My meal arrived shortly thereafter, but the waitress never actually apologized and there was no compensation for the mistake either. Mistakes happen, but honestly, for a restaurant of this caliber, they really should have handled this mishap better. To top it off, my main course of chicken breast with green mole of poblanos, pumpkin seeds, squash blossoms, chayote & cream was kind of subpar. The mole was not that great and the herb-infused green corn torta that came with the meal had a very bizarre flavor. The chicken was good, however. The size of the meal was also pretty small. Some of the other entrees at our table were much larger.I skipped dessert but other people at our table had the strawberry shortcake and the chocolate pecan pie. I had a bite of the pie and it was delicious.Another negative was the bathroom. The women's room has two stalls and one sink, which is ridiculously tiny given the size of this place and the number of people hanging out at the bar. It was not particularly late in the evening when I went in there, but the bathroom was pretty trashed. There were paper towels strewn all over the place and there were none left to use. Again, for a restaurant of this caliber, they should be a bit more on top of things like this.In short, the food is ok, but this place does not live up to the hype and I would not wait two hours to eat here again.Made the reservation a few months back for Saturday night at 8:30pm. Was really stoked to try this place for the first time.We arrived at 9:00, on time for the reservation, but the table was not ready for us. They asked us to wait at the bar. I got a beer and the gf ordered their special drink, something with avocado in it, she really liked it.We waited about 20 more minutes before our table was ready. Not a big deal, it was busy as hell. We were just happy to get to our seats.Waiter was very nice, recommended some dishes.Everything we ordered was above average. But the sauce that came with the oysters...I cannot even describe how amazing that was. Not quite sure what it was...but it was mind blowingly good.Very happy with the entire night, will definitely head back there again!Mango basil mojito (yucatan d'aristi rum, fresh mango and lime, basil, organic cane syrup, soda): Strong drink, delicious!Pastel de chocolate y cacahuate (silky chocolate-peanut butter cake. Toasted peanut ice cream, crunchy ancho-candied peanuts, tequila-spiked honey Manila mango): this dessert is a study in textural contrasts. Crumbled choccolate soil, salty sweet ancho dusted peanuts, smooth creaminess of toasted peanut ice cream, tangy sweet cubed mango, and an unbelievable airy silky and rich chocolate peanut cake, surrounded by a deliciously tangy sweet mango sauce. SO GOOD.Frothy mexican hot chocolate (rustic oaxacan dark-roast chocolate steamed with hot milk): this was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS. I'd definitely get this again.Ambiene is lively and festive, colorful art decorating the walls. Good place for a date, great place for a group of friends. I'll definitely be back!*hands down* The best meal I had in Chicago!The food lives up to the hype and Rick Bayless is undeniably a Top Chef Master.Now I know why people line up before this place opens.  As a tourist from L.A., spending the time to wait in line with the locals was worth it.  Luckily, we were able to get a reservation, walk around downtown, and come back for a wonderful meal.Review based on the June 5 - July 7, 2012 menu:Chips & guacamole: best guac ever. everrrLimonada, always better with limes than lemonsOld School Frontera Trio: fronterizo ceviche was amazing, the corn masa quesadillas with artisan cheese and epazote were cheesy and delicious.  taquitos were alrightBiscocho de Fresas: strawberry shortcake, orange-black pepper cream biscuit, crema, "amazing" berries, orange liqueur, basil... so damn good, i wanted to order another.3.5 stars rounded up to 4.I was dreaming about Frontera Grill for WEEKS leading up to my trip. I was expecting to be floored from the moment I walked in to the moment the seams of my pants burst from all the delectable offerings of Rick Bayless.The good - I don't think my vocabulary is large enough to explain how mother effing delicious the food was!!! Rick Bayless does amazing things with food. I used to think of Mexican food as an unattractive pile of mush of rice, beans, cheese and pork/chicken. But Rick Bayless takes Mexican to a new level of refinement and class. If you must order one thing at Frontera Grill, make it the pork mole. Or any other mole. The sauce is SO flavorful and has so much depth to it. I've never tasted anything like it.The bad - My boyfriend and I had 8:30 reservations but we were not seated until 8:45. Not a huge deal. I expected that from a few reviews here. We were seated and given menus. We then sat there for 15-20 minutes and no one approached us to greet us or explain the menu to us. The menu is quite overwhelming and we weren't sure how much to order. Some dishes looked like tapas while others seemed to be entrees. Service was very impersonal. When the trio (sampler) dishes were bought out, they were just placed on our table with no explanation of what was in front of us.The food was phenomenal but I was disappointed with the lack of service. The product is one thing but the service needs to be there for the whole package. I was considering giving Frontera Grill a lower rating but the food was just THAT friggin delicious that I couldn't bear to give it 3 stars...I had Frontera for dinner years ago, but when I was back this past weekend a friend suggested we try it for brunch. It didn't even occur to me to try it for brunch since I was poking around the internet for your typical Americana fare. We actually were able to get a seat right away (around 1 on a Saturday). Perhaps with it being wedding season, Pitchfork, the Taste, summer, and a Cubs game the city had some other things happening - but there were several tables open. So that immediately was a great perk. One of the things I wish servers did differently was not say "well, those are two completely different things" when you asked what is better between two. Our server didn't and actually suggested I decide based on how I wanted to feel afterwards - your typical post-Mexican full, or just something for lunch. So I appreciated it and settled on the Pozole (my other choice was enchiladas). My friend had the duck tacos.They both were great and exactly what we wanted. We had the chocolate pie for dessert and the cocktails were tasty, not super sugary with pre-mixed fillers. I felt like the price was comparable to other brunches as well.Definitely a place to try for brunch if you don't want to wait 2 hours for dinner.Made a reservation for 9:30pm because that was the best time they had available. I made the reservation a month and half in advance too. We didn't get to see our waitress until after 10:00pm. I had really high hopes for this place since we went to the Ohare location and the sandwiches were incredible. They didn't have the sandwiches at this location. The guacamole at Ohare looked great too. It was just ok at this location. I would call the rest of what we had average. Chicken black bean tacos, average. Taquitos, average. We ordered a side of rice and beans. Each were about $6 and definitely nothing special. Rick Bayless did not impress me on this one. I don't understand why people are giving this place such good reviews.Sorry Rick, not impressed at all. I've been wanting to go here for years and made the trek. My Triple mole was not good. There was something lost in translation. Normally I can attribute a bad meal to one of those days, but my meal and my wife's steak were just not good. Considering I had 3 distinct items with mine 4 out of 4 was unacceptable for a return visit. I love watching you cook and your passion, but whomever you left Frontera to last night 01-24-2014 at 730 pm., does not have your skill or vision.So this is where my husband and I decided to celebrate our staycation.  We met a friend  here for lunch, and it was a memorable experience.First of all, great service.  Second, the best guacamole I've ever had in my life.  I'm not kidding.Main entree was ok.  Nothing great, IMHO, but it was not horrible.  Its just hard to follow the wow factor of the guac.  Third, had the chocolate pecan pie.  OH MY GOSH.  The crust was amazing, the whip cream was so so so good, and the pie... YUM!!!Seriously, next time I'm just ordering a margarita, guac and pie.This place rocks! Best...margarita...EVER. That being said, The tacos were great (got beef fajita style cooked medium), the cerviche was awesome, but the guac was just ok. The summer mojito drink is gross.. don't do it.. just stick to the amazing margaritas. The atmosphere is really fun and lively. I even got to take pics with Rick Bayless! It's awesome that he actually works at the restaurant and gets in the kitchen. I'll definitely go back, if nothing else just to drink margaritas at the bar.Edit: Thought I should add that the margarita to get is the Topoblamo margarita. The house margarita is *good*, but upgrade yourself to the Topoblamo and I promise you won't regret it. It's sooo smooth!I've been looking forward to coming here for years now, and I can finally say that I've had great, upscale Mexican food! Don't get me wrong, Central Ohio has tons of great, authentic Mexican restaurants, but not any good upscale Mexican eateries.   We had the 3 ceviche's the chicken mole, braised goat, and Tlacoyos de Tocino. I've had better ceviche, and I'm not a huge fan of most mole sauces, but the corn cakes and goat were totally and utterly amazing.   The service once seated was decent, but the receptionist/host was a little cold and matter of fact. I tried to make reservations earlier in the day, but they said I had to show up in person 1-1.5 hours before hand to put my name in. When I showed up around 5:45, it was a 2  hour wait, so plan accordingly.Had a really great drinks + nibbles experience at the bar here. Full disclosure:did not have a full meal. Stumbled in off the street on a Thursday and we were able to get three seats in the bar area within a few minutes-score, as the waits for tables were running 1.5 hours. I'd heard the hype and really wanted to experience this spot.My favorite alcohol, aside from champagne, is hands town tequila, so I really enjoyed the composed cocktails here and appreciate that they change by season. The margaritas are generally served up, which I also really liked. Stuck with a very traditional - just tequila, fresh lime, Cointreau - the only way to make a classic margarita. Absolutely perfectly executed up with a salted rim. House guacamole, salsa and extremely crispy fresh chips were excellent and the jicama snack food mixed with cukes and pineapple was delicious.Prices are very reasonable and if you are savvy, you can definitely eat (snacks at least) here as not only a vegetarian but also a vegan. Be sure to ask the very knowledgable waitstaff about details if you are a veg-eater-for example, beans that may appear veg are actually cooked in lard - just be careful. That's one of the reasons I neglected to stay for a full meal-seemed doable with some questions, modifications and perseverance, but perhaps a bit more challenging than my post-margarita (and let's be honest, champagne) self was up for.They're very hard to get, but outdoor tables are the way to go in this spot during warmer months. Inside runs very dark-great for winter cozy nights but a little den-like for the summer.Everything on the menu is awesome including the margs all made with fresh juices and no gross mixes. I've been here several times and feel like it keeps getting better!Last time we went it was a Saturday night and Rick Bayless was there, in the kitchen expediting food.  That says it all - A celebrity chef who still actually WORKS in his kitchen.  He deserves all the praise and more, what a class act.I just cant do 5 stars for Rick Bayless.  I don't think I really get this cuisine.  I did really enjoy my meal; I also LOVE the atmosphere.  The cocktails were great, but sadly the food didn't blow me away.  Don't get me wrong, everything was very good, but not 5 star worthy.We had:EmpanadasDuck TaquitosChicken Enchiladas with moleSteakIf I lived in Chicago I might give it another try.  Maybe there are some other things on the menu that I should experience.Especially since the top chef finale, I would recommend doing lunch versus dinner if you don't have a reservation.  We were quoted an hour but it was more like 25 minutes (although we would have waited the hour...).I had super high expectations coming here because of Top Chef and all the great reviews so I was slightly disappointed. Appetizers:- Trio ceviche: While it was nice to sample his three varieties, I think the traditional Fronterizo ceviche is still the best. - Taquitos de Pollo Ahumado: I've only had taquitos from the freezer section so I was hoping that Bayless could prove me wrong in my perception of taquitos and they ended up being a lot better then I expected. Came with really amazing guacamole.Entrees:- Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: I guess my expectations were too high for this dish. i thought the meat was too tough and chewy for the $30 price tag. The flavor of the spices was good but because the meat was bad it ruined the flavor as well.- Enchiladas de Mole Poblano: His famed mole sauce is probably the best mole I've had...even better then mole I've had in mexico. I just wish he had more dishes with mole because I'm not a big fan of enchiladas.I don't think the hype of having to make reservations 2-3 months in advance was worth the food. I'd come again but I'd come right when it opens to ensure a less then 1 hour wait and not getting an entree but instead a few of his small plates.I've always been intrigued by Rick Bayless, ever since watching him on "Mexico, One Plate at a Time" on WTTW/PBS. Next he tore it up on Top Chef Masters and I was then a slight % more proud to be from the Chicagoland area. Rick know's what he's doing and Frontera is his flagship restaurant (IMO). Getting to the point, Frontera is a must try for anyone who even likes chips and salsa...The decor is fun and vibrant, service is adequate and casual, but the food and drink speak volumes about his deep passion for the cusine and culture of Mexico. His food is almost as colorful as the decor. The Ceviche trio is a must for anyone who enjoys that refreshing and energizing feelin a good ceviche can provide. You truly cant go wrong with any Margarita, served straight up, so you know the bartender/mixologist knows what they're doing. Any entree you order will be solid. If it's on his menu, you wont be dissapointed. No sense in writing on. Mexican chef's (from Mexico), are inspired by all the creativty and ingenuity Rick has influence in Mexican cusine. Plan ahead, go with a fun group, and get ready for a memorable meal.Went on October 26, and we waited in line prior to the restaurant opening.  Decided we would take a seat at a counter by the kitchen because the wait for that seat was less than 90 minutes.  The wait for a table would have been over 2 hours.  We didn't mind the wait, had totally expected it and got drinks and a snack nearby.Our food was great as I expected.  They have Negro Modelo on draft so I'll admit I did not try any specialty drinks.  The negative/weird part about our experience was how unfriendly our waiter was.  Everyone else was ridiculously friendly except our waiter.  He never told us the specials - I found out when the woman next to me at the counter (who had a different waiter) was offered the special Mahi Mahi.  He wasn't rude, he just was not good wait staff, not engaging or friendly.  On our way out, we walked by our waiter, and he didn't acknowledge us but the other kitchen counter waiter said goodbye, have a great night etc.  It just wasn't what I expected at this restaurant and very out of place compared to the rest of the experience.  I wish we had had the other kitchen counter waiter.I feel like I don't have enough information, having only had brunch at Frontera Grill.  However, I've heard a lot about this place for a while, and I wasn't disappointed.  Great guacamole, and fresh chips, lots of chips, and great salsas.  I especially liked the green one (tomatillo?).  I had a pozole soup with a poached egg.  It was spicy, and rich, with shredded pork, hominy and shredded cabbage to garnish.  I was really hungry, and could have had a larger portion, so kept eating the chips.  Something I would regret later.Overall, it is a rather pricey Mexican restaurant, but the quality of the dishes are good, and the service lends a more upscale feel.  I would be interested in trying dinner at some point.This is one of those frustrating places where I think for every stellar element or thing they do right there is something else done badly that wipes it right out.  And it is never the same two things they screw up.  I have been here a half dozen times with two mediocre experiences, two very good experiences and two terrible meals to show for it.  At this price level and as long as they've been around the consistency is not what I would expect in either the food or the service.  Much of the food is outstanding and relatively unique and the service is usually fine.  It is certainly possible to get an excellent meal here.  But cold or bad tasting food (room temperature steak that took an hour and stringy duck at these prices?  Please!) and terrible service are far from unknown here, so I can't help but think it's overrated and only grudgingly give it three stars.  There isn't much in the way of value here and the margaritas in particular are a rip, though admittedly quite tasty.  Be prepared to wait, and also be willing to ask yourself at the end of the meal "why did I wait so long?"Despite feeling cheated that Hubert Keller didn't win Top Chef Masters (and I take that personally for my man Hubert), I did really like some of the food here...but then I also really didn't like others. The ceviches were all really fresh and yummy. The queso was just okay -- kind of bland, really oily, nothing special at all. I really liked my entree, a spicy seafood soup, but thought that the bf's entree, a grilled fish, was pretty bland, dry, and the grilled potatoes/veggies that came with it were all soggy from the sauce. Tres leches cake at the end was alright, nothing special.Basically, what Rick Bayless does well he does REALLY well. If everything was like the ceviche/seafood soup, this place would be amazing for sure...but some of the dishes are just not good and even more painful because you're paying a premium for food that is usually much more affordable. It does seem like people who ordered the margaritas seemed to enjoy their meals more...maybe his margaritas are like MSG in Chinese food and everything tastes better with it. Just order the right thing or drink a bunch of margaritas. I should probably just add that last line on all my reviews, seems like excellent advice if I do say so myself.I have spent my entire life in southern California and I would estimate that approximately 50% of the calories I have consumed have been from Mexican food.  I could probably live happily eating solely at my neighborhood taqueria. As far as fine-dining Mexican food is concerned Frontera is about as good as it gets.  I have eaten at dozens of "fine-dining" Mexican establishments throughout the southwest and in Mexico. Chicago truly has something to be proud of in Frontera Grill.The margaritas are the best I have ever had, bar none. They have a great variety of specialty margaritas made with fresh fruit and quality tequila. The guacamole is also amongst the best I have ever had- onion, jalapeno, cilantro, and spices working together to perfectly highlight the flavor of the avocado. Two of the three times I have eaten here I have had the tacos al carbon (pastor style).  This is an item I have eaten at dozens of taquerias over the years.  Frontera's is not only the best I have ever had, it elevates the dish to another level. Tender red-chile marinated pork served with pineapple and bacon, alongside guacamole and black beans. The perfect meal as far as I am concerned.Every time I am in Chicago I will have at least one meal at Frontera.My boyfriend and I tried Frontera Grill last night for date night; we had a reservation and were seated within 2 minutes!  Great first impression with the atmosphere - colorful, vibrant Mexican decor, loud/crowded, and amazing aroma of Mexican food.  (I'm Mexican so what can I say, I love the smell of frying tortilla chips!)  The hostess and wait staff were very attentive.  We had at least 3 different waiters take our drink orders, refill water, and take food orders.  Drinks were brought out promptly, and may I say the margaritas were fabulous.  I'm a no-frills margarita girl, so the Blue Agave was awesome: tequila, lime, a splash of Cointreau.  My bf tried the "Yellow Fever" (tecate, tequila, some kind of mango juice...basically a summer special and it was not so good).  Stick with the margaritas.The appetizers were awesome - Ceviche Fronteriza (marinated fish with tomatoes, cilantro, lime, and chiles) was very tasty.  Chips with guacamole and salsa were just ok.  The guac could have used a little more punch and the salsa bowls were so small you couldn't even fit a whole chip in them.  The food was average - pork with adobo marinated rub, bacon, pineapple...it was ok, not the best.  I had the skirt steak tacos, which were much better.  The steak was cooked to perfection, and rolled up in fresh homemade tortillas and grilled onions and salsa - hard to go wrong!All in all I'd give the food a 3, the margaritas a 4, and the company/atmosphere a 5!+1 for the tequila flights.. delicioso!!+1 for the guacamole and excellent service+1 for the mole sauceDO NOT ORDER ANYTHING ELSE off the menu. I came with a big group of friends and waited 2 hours for a table. Luckily, there's a bar area so we ordered some beers and a couple of tequila tastings which were excellent!! The waitress also generously comped us fresh guacamole which was mm mm yummy goodness.All of us ordered an appetizer and entree to share. Somebody ordered the Enchiladas en Mole which Rick Bayless is known for.. and that was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! Definitely worth a trip to Frontera just to try that mole sauce. But don't order anything else. The ceviche was okay. Everything else was either way too salty, bland, or dry. BOTTOM LINE:- Come to Frontera when they open at 5PM, or be prepared to wait for several hours- Order a guacamole- Order the Enchiladas en Mole- Dip the chips in the remaining mole sauce (or bottle it up and take it home.. that stuff is like liquid crack)- Cross Frontera off of the "To Do" list of restaurantsI have to admit, I was skeptical about dining at Frontera Grill, as I am with most celebrity chef restaurants, but especially so with FG because as a native of Southern California I consider myself a "Mexican food snob." Frontera lives up to the hype.We went to Frontera for lunch on a week day, to avoid the dinner crowd. The service was great. Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and accommodating. She even checked with the chef regarding my husband's food allergies (almonds - random, I know) and thank God she did, because apparently the mole is chock-full of them. Like a good wife, I ordered the mole poblano anyway, and provided my husband with a full report on just how delicious it was :)We started with the Trio Trio Trio Ceviche, which was a trio (go figure) sampling of lime-marinated albacore, Mexican blue shrimp and calamari, and Hawaiian yellowfin tuna. The presentation was vibrant and beautiful and the flavors were delicious. A great start to our meal. We also ordered the chips and salsa. Rick Bayless' tomatillo salsa is amazing! It's so bright and has so much flavor, I wanted to pour it over everything.For entrees, I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano and my hubby ordered the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena. I am very picky about mole and so far have disliked every restaurant mole I've ever tasted. Then came Frontera - holy mole! This mole was rich, creamy, perfectly sweet and savory at the same time. Everything a mole should be. Outwardly, I expressed my sympathy to my husband that he couldn't try any of it, but inwardly I secretly thanked Rick Bayless for using almonds in his mole so I wouldn't have to share. It was that good. The carne asada was amazing as well. So tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned. I've had a lot of carne asada that is pounded so thin that it dries out and tastes cardboard-like. Not this carne asada. It was thick, succulent and marinated to perfection.The Topolo Margaritas were great - really fresh, not to sweet, super strong. We also tried the Mexican Mojito with tequila, which was a refreshing alternative to the traditional rum mojito (and very strong as well).To top off our meal, our waitress brought out the chocolate pecan pie topped with a birthday candle (we were in Chicago for my birthday) and "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce. Although not the highlight of the meal, it was certainly a sweet way to end our lunch.Overall, Frontera Grill is a solid 4.5 stars. Colorful ambiance, friendly service, delicious food. Contrary to other reviews, I thought the portions were perfect - we left stuffed. I highly recommend it!This might be sacrilege to say, but Frontera might be even better as next-day leftovers (microwaved--*gasp*). Hear me out before you start throwing rotten eggs!You don't need me to tell you that Frontera is amazing; there are 912 other reviews to attest to that. Adding mine would be a redundancy on par with pointing out that Newt Gingrich is pond scum. Of course we had to stop by Frontera on our visit to Chicago. It was a cold windy night, and we ordered a large, homey meal to compensate: lamb cazuela (Borrego Al Cascabel, duck pumpkin mole (Pato en Mole de Calabaza), flank steak (Falda Asada "Brava"), and vanilla ice cream for dessert.We didn't count on the hefty portion size of the cazuela. A single-size cast iron skillet mounding over with sexy lamb bits + fluffy homemade corn tortillas = a) a filling meal all on its own and b) too tantalizing NOT to finish. Fully aware of the consequences ahead (pending entrees), we exchanged steely, determined eyes across the table, fortified our resolve, girded our stomach and forged bravely onward--slopping through the sauce to the very bottom of that pit of deliciousness. One whiff of the entrees, and I knew I was in trouble. The sumptuous wafts simultaneously set me off salivating at an uncomfortable rate, while reminding me that the little room left in my stomach had just been filled by aromas. Uf! Barely making headway into the duck and steak (both delicious, get them!), I had a gut-wrenching (literally) decision to make. If I had one more bite, I could banish all aspirations for dessert, and I just had to know what goat milk caramel was. We microwaved (don't judge!) the leftover duck, steak, and tortillas the next day, as an afternoon snack. It was like back-to-back Christmas, I tell you! All the flavors (sweet duck, meaty steak, spicy salty marinades) had saturated and melded together; they were the best tacos of 2011. And the texture was still perfect. What a pal, that microwave. Go. It probably doesn't even matter what you order. Get extra, go crazy. it's going to be just as good the next day. Frontera, the gift that keeps giving.First visit was simply amazing!!!! Rick Bayless may be the finest restaruanteur/chef in the entire US.  Yes it's trendy... Yes the crowd is over the top and yes they know they're good just the employees Bayless is humble and can be seen working in the kitchen daily.... He takes every diners experience personal and that's why it's so good!This is a bucket lister for any legitimate foodie!TipDine with a party4 and when I say 4 I mean 4!!!  You'll be able to share dishes but your party won't be too large to seat, it is so tough to get in.  Average wait is 2 1/2 hours... It's worth it! First visit to a three meat street vendor taco to share as a baseline dish.  Go with a waiter suggestion and a flyer... Something you wouldn't normally order... Think Mole.Save room for a couple of deserts.Finally was able to get a reservation 2 months out. The Margarita was nothing special. The chicken mole enchiladas were the best mole enchiladas I have ever had. The birria special over sopes was unique and very tasty. The rice with corn and lentils was one of the best rice sides I have had in a long time. Our waiter was friendly, but rushed. The price point is high for Mexican food. I am glad it was warm enough to sit outside because the indoor dining room is super loud and busy. I would not pay that price point to sit in all that noise. I would only go back in warm weather.The Frontera Grill was one of my better experiences eating in Chicago during the week I was there. We were seated very quickly, which I hear is a rarity. Maybe if we had to wait an hour, I would have been less impressed with the place.The atmosphere is colorful, the patrons were loud, the tables a little cramped. There were many enticing choices on the menu and many dishes that were new to me. We decided to make dinner out of a few small plates: the corn soup, trio of civiche and sopes de ranceros. All were very flavorful and quite tasty. Although it didn't look like a lot of food, the portions were satisfying. My partner had room for desert and I had a hot coco.The service was friendly and prompt. Attentive, perhaps a bit too much, even. I thought the pacing was good, and never felt rushed to leave despite the popularity of the place.Certainly not a street taco vendor, you pay for the ambience, the service, the exciting menu and the quality ingredients. A little much for day to day, but a great treat once in a while.This is arguably the best restaurant in the city.  The great drinks and amazing appetizers are well worth the money.  The main courses also are very good, but less amazing and less of a value.  I've been here over a dozen times, and the service uniformly has been excellent and extremely informed.  IMO, "it's too popular so there's a long wait at peak hours" is certainly worth noting, but it's not a valid criticism.  It's popular because it's very good, and I can attest that there is no wait at non-peak hours.The best part about my meal here was that I misjudged how quickly I would get downtown.  I was lucky enough to get the last table for the 5pm seating, so I didn't have the horrific wait many people experience.First off, a waiter having a bunch of tables seated at the same time is never good for service.  It took forever to even get our order in.  While this is completely not our waiter's fault, it still meant we sat for quite a while before our drink order was even taken.  I'm guessing that this place is so busy because of  his TV shows, because this was some of the most average food I've ever had.  $16 got me half a scoop of guac, small amounts of marinaded pork and some black beans.  I think this should have come with some salsa and tortillas, but that was apparently forgotten.All this average food was served to us by a robot.  A waiter who could not have been less interested in being there.  I don't blame him, this place sucked.  I went with an out of town friend, but was excited because I've always been curious.  However, I've gotten better mexican out of a cooler at a bar.Blech.So after  a month and a half wait from the time I made my 7p.m. Friday night reservation, the date had finally arrived, November 13th, dinner at Frontera... Seem overly dramatic? If it didn't it was supposed to. Anyway, on a more serious note, I had been waiting a while to eat at Frontera and when the date finally arrived, I had some high expectations.I made a promise not to get the "Margarita Effect." It is well known how potent, and tasty the Frontera Margaritas are, and I was determined to not inhale my food in a drunken stupor.We arrived at Frontera about 10 minutes early, and were seated about 5 minutes later, and although I tried, I didn't even have enough time to order a round of margarita's from the bar, so I was well on my was to a sober evaluation of the meal.Once seated, we began the drinking, and yes, the margarita' s are as good as everyone says. For appetizers, we ordered some of the freshest Kumamoto Oysters I have ever had, three excellent tasting of ceviche, the Hicama Salad, and the Sopes Rancheros... The highly touted hicama salad was very refreshing, but forgettable compared to the other two appetizers, which were stellar. For our entree we ordered the Carne Asada (my dish) and the Steak Tacos. The carne asada was very good, but should really just be called a Ribeye with a mexican seasoning and charred finish, and an outstanding one at that... great flavor, tender, and perfectly cooked. Unfortunately, I cannot critique the steak tacos because my girlfriend didn't see the need to let me try them... so they must have been good.Overall, this is an outstanding restaurant, and I would definitely go back. I would also recommend Frontera over Topolabompo, for half the price you get the same same quality of food, in what I consider a more appropriate environment.This was my first trip to Frontera Grill and my second trip to Chicago. I'm a huge fan of Rick Bayless, and Mexican Food in general, so it's tough for me to seperate the food from the man who I have a food man-crush on...I shall try.WOW. Greatest Mexican food ever in the world..ever..world's greatest!! Ok, not really, but it's pretty fantastic. I had the following:Puerco en Mole Verde: wood-grilled Maple Creek pork loin with classic green pumpkinseed mole. Grilled chayote, rustic mashed potatoes, toasted pepitas.Pork perfect cooked medium/medium rare. The chayote was so fresh and charred perfectly that it actually outshined the pork in my opinion. The mashed potatoes weren't mashed potatoes. They were something out of a dream I once had involving fluffy hills of creamy goodness. I could have eaten a vat of it.  The real star was the mole (of course). The flavors were spot on and you could taste the pumpkin seed which I think is actually pretty difficult to pull off.Also, I had the Topolo Margartia ( Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Gran Torres liqueur and housemade limonada). Get this. Don't ask why. Next up..Topolobampo.I went for dinner two weeks ago as part of a "I live in Chicago but I feel like being a tourist" day.  We were lucky enough to walk right in and get seated at the "kitchen view back bar".  No wait!  And our water was always full because the "kitchen" was the beverage station.  They'd just peak through the ferns and fill our water from the back.  The more margaritas we had, the more entertaining it was when we caught them sneaking out more water.One disappointment of the evening- no salsa!  I love the frontera salsa and eat about 3 jars a week (I love the guajillo and tomatillo the best) so I was really hoping for some to start the meal.  I think Rick's is a little too classy for the free chips and salsa routine.  Everything we had was great, but I think that the highlights were the ceviche and the fish of the day main entree.  We ordered the ceviche trio- the white fish was my favorite by a landslide and the calamari was pretty good, but I really didn't care for the sweet flavor of the tuna ceviche.  I ordered the steak for my main entree- it was good but I think I ate more of my date's fish of the day.  I believe it is usually a meaty-type white fish.  We got chicken in a yellow mole in masa boats that were very simple but delicious and unique- kind of how everything was.  Very enjoyable and special.When I go back I will definitely get the ceviche again, but I will skip the sampler and just get the white fish.  I would also get a fish or seafood entree as Master Rick seems to excel with those.  I will also only go for one appetizer so I have room for desert!Thanks Rick- love ya!What?! 3 stars? For Frontera?? You do realize that this is Rick Bayless' restaurant. You might remember him from winning Top Chef Masters? Do you see all of the 4 & 5 star reviews? 3 stars? Are you crazy? No, I am not crazy. But here are a few things: -I admit to not having the sophisticated tastes of a food critic -Nor do I have an unlimited budget -I loved XOCO, so it's not like I'm a Bayless hater. But I swore an oath when I started Yelping that I would always keep it real. No matter how unpopular that may be. You will wait. Sorry folks. Don't take away stars or be all sour puss about your experience because you had to wait. My friend and I ended up waiting for an hour (originally told 1 1/2-2 hours) and we had a few drinks at the bar and got acquainted with some guacamole and queso. Were we shocked that we had to wait? No. It comes with the territory. So get over it. Drinks were good. I was a little envious of my friend as she ordered the fancy shmancy Topolo marg that comes in a dainty margarita glass. I went with the standard gold marg and that was unceremoniously poured from a pre-made mix behind the bar. That was disappointing. I should've just brought my own Jose Cuervo mix from Jewel and saved myself a few extra bucks. Guac was good. No real heat, but it was scarfed down in between bits of conversation. The queso was thick and gooey, served with warm corn tortillas for dipping. We both admitted that we are not corn tortilla fans, but these were little soft pillows of perfection for cheesy goodness to rest on. After we were halfway through the 2nd drink, our buzzer went off and we shrieked with delight and closed out the tab. Our server seemed a little frazzled. We're pretty witty gals and kept trying to engage him in banter. He wasn't having it. Ok, ok, I guess you have a job to do. We ordered the flank steak and the Poc Chuc de Puerco (pork shoulder). The pork was seasoned really well and the black bean soup had some nice heat/seasoning to it. We ate. It was good. We enjoyed our meal. But I couldn't help but feel underwhelmed. Granted, there is a lot of hype surrounding this place, so you walk in expecting to be wowed and I just wasn't. Maybe high-end Mexican food isn't my cup of tea, but for the cost of what you're getting, I felt disappointed. The restaurant is gorgeous and hundreds of positive Yelp reviews speak volumes. My recommendation? Lower your expectations and set some extra cash aside if you want to enjoy Frontera.One of the longest dinners of my life. That's my number one issue with this place is that our dinner took almost 3 hours. We order 3 courses, appetizer of the cerviche trio, 2 entrees, and dessert but I totally don't get why it took so long since it's mexican food. All the tables around us took just as long.  It took forever to get the first course and then huge gaps of waiting time between each course.  The servers don't seem to want to turn over the tables, perhaps wanting us to drink more during the wait time.  This brings me to my other issue, the drinks.  The margaritas were quite good and shaken tableside. However,  for $9-11, they were quite small, being served in martini glasses.  To the main event, the food.  I was really underwhelmed!  I really had high expectations being a fan of the show. The mole had some good flavor but other than that, food was really mediocre at best.  Not worth the long wait.I must say that all the hype is true...I was expecting mediocre Mexican food, I mean its Mexican food, I eat it all the time how much better can it get? But Chef Rick Bayless really knows what he's doing. It's Mexican food to the next level. I can't even explain how good and flavorful everything was!If you are interested in trying this place out, what are u waiting for?! You'll def love it!I recommend the Blue Agave Margaritas (if your like me and love lime n salt), the enchiladas stuffed with carnitas and topped with tomatillo salsa and the queso fundido with mushrooms as an appetizer.The only downside was the long wait and the hostess had a major stuck up attitude - but once we sat down to eat I forgot all about that! It was totally worth the wait.Kudos to Rick Bayless!I know my fellow Yelpers are going to kill me for saying this, but I'm really not a huge fan of Frontera. I've been a couple of times and I've been underwhelmed each and every time. The food is good, but not anything to write home about. I think this place is way over hyped.  Honestly, I'd rather have a taco from one of the numerous delicious taquerias in Chicago.  But I will say the salsa, the guac, and the queso fundido were amazing!  Despite my disappointment with the restaurant, I'm still a huge Rick Bayless fan, but this definitely is not his best work.I was going to give Frontera Grill three stars but opted to go with the Yelp "Meh.  I've experienced better" because I actually used the term "Meh" before I was able to Yelp it....anyhoo....I'm a big fan of Seven on State for weekday lunches and have always skipped the Frontera Grill stand so that I could experience the real deal first.  Meh.Silly gripe:  too many chips and not enough salsa.  I'd love to comment on the flavor of the salsa but whilst sharing the teeeeeeny tiiiiiiiiny bowls with a friend, there just wasn't enough to get a good heaping chipful and really taste them.  Meh.(Oh, and speaking of tiny bowls, the bar mix on the table? Seriously? Only a child's fingers could navigate that without making a mess.  I felt like Gulliver.)The tacos I ordered were fine but it was all forgettable.  I've had better tacos for less than $15. Much much less. Meh.Long and short - I'd just go to the Seven on State Frontera Grill if I want "classier" Mexican without the markup.Meh.I'll keep this short. I can't really add much to all the previous reviews.I love this place. I'm probably a bit biased, I love all of the Frontera products at my local grocery store, and I love Rick's TV shows.The food was great, authentic, but with a Rick Bayless kick.  I'm sick of Americanized Mexican food, it's always quantity over quality. Just say no to tacos, burritos, chimichangas with rice and beans. Lets support places that have real variety and flavor.Ok, first thing you need to know is make a reservation several weeks in advance or be prepared to wait to be seated. This place is a hot spot. The best way to make a fabulous Mexican restaurant is a fabulous margarita. We were able to taste the menu and settled on one to be the best. Blue Agave was very sour... I ordered it bc I love sour and this was too sour. The Gold was OK, nothing too exciting, tastes just like a regular typical one...hands down the best one was the Topolo. Seriously a bomb margarita! I would go back to have one of these again. Appetizers- you have to order the Trio Trio Trio, which is a trio of ceviches, OMG sooo good and all very different. One is limey, another has a mango or papaya taste and the other is a little spicy. It was Chris's first time having sopes. I explained to him what it was and he didn't seem excited... but I ordered it anyway. It was delicious, the little corn bowls were fluffy and strong enough to hold the yummy bits of pork inside. Not huge portions so don't be shy putting in an order.Which leads me to the pork... oh the pork! Get anything with pulled pork, whether it's an entree or apps, you won't be disappointed. It's a little on the salty side but they make their own sour cream which is such a nice balance. It's super good.Things we didn't like: Don't order the plantains, they were tough, heavy, and gummy, overall just not very good (see Plantains at Cha Cha Cha in San Francisco!)  The other thing we didn't like were the flautas, kind of felt like the flautas at a Chevy's, not very inventive or worth the prices at a place like Frontera.Service was great, very prompt and smiley. (we love servers with smiles! it's the easiest way to wine a patron!) We would definitely go back.As a Rick Bayless flagship restaurant, this place is so hyped up and I was expecting a major letdown.  Remember that Public Enemy song "Dont believe the hype"?  All you hear and read about is how this "celebrity chef" is a Chicago favorite and even the POTUS (Pres. Obama) puts one of his restaurants on his "top-10 list."  I was visiting from So Cal, and I was anxious to experience this place - would it live up to the hype?For the most part - yes.  But it I think FG is so over-hyped that I was expecting something "out of this world."  So yes, its good, but its not a GOAT ("Greatest of All Time") restaurant.  The ambiance is ok, with nice artwork mixed with saturated red walls.  The table we were originally seated in was uneven and we had to re-locate to another table (a bad first impression). I made a reservation 2 weeks in advance, and my understanding is that I was "lucky" to reserve a table for a weekend dinner 2 weeks in advance.  But I hear that if you come early (around 5 or earlier for dinner) you may be able to get seated that night if there are "no-shows" or if space is available.We started with the trio-trio ceviche - this was a wonderful starter!  Each one was full of flavor that just burst into your mouth.  My tongue was satisfied.  For the entree, I had the Chicken mole, it was good, but a tad bit too heavy on the sodium.  The portions were also fair, but at $24 for the mole, its pretty pricey and I expected more (for what you pay for).  The service was excellent, with a person carrying a water canteen coming by every three minutes to re-fill my water.  Fantastic.  Our server was also attentive and made sure our needs were fulfilled.Overall, this is great place and the food is good.  In LA, there is a place called Border Grill in Santa Monica.  I thought both the decor and the food (please dont get upset Mr. Bayless) reminded me of that place.  So if you like Border Grill, you will like FG.  But remember that Public Enemy song.After dining at Frontera Grill I'm of the opinion that many, if not most, of the other Yelper's who have written a review about the restaurant have succumbed to its hype.  Frontera Grill is good but it is by no means outstanding.  The restaurant seems more focused on mass appeal rather than producing amazing food.When I dined there, I sampled the Trio of Ceviche, the Queso Fundido Clasico, Duck Tacos al Carbon, and the Topolobampo Tortilla Soup.  For the most part, these dishes were good but none of them was outstanding or had robust flavor.  The flavors of each dish seemed to be muted so as not to turn off any diners.  Nothing was that spicy, despite the fact that the waiter or the menu described it as such.  In general, much of the appeal of Mexican food is its robust flavor, and Mexican cuisine does not benefit from subtlety as well as some other cuisines do.In contrast, while the food was lacking in the flavor department, the drinks were not.  Frontera Grill has a bevy of unique and excellent tequila based cocktails (and I don't normally enjoy tequila - and usually avoid it at all costs).  My disappointment in Frontera Grill may have had something to do with my high expectations.  Given the accolades that Rick Bayless has received, I guess I was expecting more of a Thomas Keller type experience which Frontera Grill did not deliver.Had reservations for noon today. Glad I did.. wait time would have been an hour plus.Overall, Rick Bayless'  food was fantastic! For an appetizer, I had flautas de carnitas. Disappointed about the portion/price ratio tbh. They tasted great nontheless, it reminded me of a Filipino eggroll.For my entrees, I ordered duck quesadilla with caramelized onions & a ribeye steak marinated in chili sauce w/ a side of sweet plantains.Holy cow, these dishes were fantastic!I had a chance to peak in Topolobampo, Rick's adjoining restaurant.Formal dining with more subdued decor compared to FronteraMy only real grip was the men's room... 1 urinal while the next guy was waiting by the sink?! cmon sonWe went here on Thursday night because a very good friend of mine loves Rick Bayless. Knowing that Mexican food absolutely cannot be presented well, I went with an open mind to try different things on the waiter's recommendation. Suffice it to say the food here is a disaster. It's clear that Frontera Grill is resting on its laurels rather than coming up with anything new or satisfying.Let's start with the drinks. The mojito was a mess. I ordered it with Rum, the classic way. It was way too sweet and had far too much lime, so much so that my stomach was tied up with acid after half the drink. I couldn't even finish it, and mojitos are my favorite drink.The guacamole I have to say was excellent, but the tortilla chips that came with them were stale and had an inexplicable softness to them, as if they had been sitting out way too long. The ceviche trio was OK, but not stellar. We also had the pork Tinga, the wahoo fish of the day, and the duck. Each thing was presented slopped onto a plate with no consideration whatsoever for presentation. The duck was tasteless and over-cooked, as was the wahoo. For about $25/entree, I expect way more than that. We skipped dessert, obviously.I'm sure the margaritas may be ok, but c'mon anyone can make margaritas. The conclusion with tourist trap restaurants such as this and places like Scott Conant's Scarpetta is that these guys are lucky that they hit it big early in their careers and have TV shows now, cuz if they came out with this food now they'd be eaten alive by the competition.I'll give the food a 3- it was just ok. Nothing terrible but certainly nothing that good- and I've had better at a dozen places all over Chicago for sure. What takes this down to a 2-star was that my friend and I were seated, the busboy brought us water and nuts, and then, we waited...And waited...And waited... for 25 (!!) minutes before our server came to take a drink order. 25 minutes (believe me, after 10 minutes we started timing). Also when our server finally showed up, there was no introduction or apology for taking so long to greet us. As he ran past us (for the 5th time, but this was the first time we got any acknowledgement), he said almost as he kept walking away "Any drinks for you tonight?" I wasn't even sure he was our waiter- maybe he was another busboy! How would I know? I had to ask him to wait for a second so we could order drinks and appetizers because who knew how long it would be before he showed up again. Have to agree with the other reviews. Overpriced and overrated, and what a bummer about the crummy service.The Ceviche Trio is a hit! The Chipotle-glazed Gunthorp Farm pork back ribs were to Die.My only issue is that the quality seems to vary on how busy or late it is.Came here a little before closing on a weekday night only to be told there was still a 30 minute wait. Sit at the bar and avoid the lines...Firstly, let me start by saying that I may have found my favorite beer thanks to this restaurant. Frontera has a special Goose Island brew all to itself--the Marisol. I love Goose Island beer, and the flavor of this Belgian ale was the best of any of them. Give it a try because it may be hard to find anywhere else and it's actually a somewhat cheap $6.50.The food: I honestly didn't try as many dishes as I would have wanted, but I will update this review as that changes as I will definitely return.Frontera guacamole: Other reviews rave on and on about this guac. I've honestly had a lot better at several Mexican restaurants...probably would skip this next time, especially given the small portion size as well.Street food trio: I love meat, but the vegetarian avocado dish may have been the most flavorful one of the trio. Of course, the skirt steak and shredded beef were also fantastic. TINY portions.Mole trio: Great value for the $. The pork in clemole was downright amazing. Mole poblano enchiladas were also very good, and the vegetarian green peanut mole was a truly unique flavor that I enjoyed more with each bite.Surprisingly, this was enough to stuff my girlfriend and me so we didn't even venture to the dessert menu. We will definitely be back...even if it is for nothing else but a quick trip to the bar for some Marisol.They do take limited reservations on Saturdays if you call about a month in advance (this is what we did).  So we were seated right away which enhanced the experience - long wait times can be a drag and set expectations artificially high.This place (IMO) is much better value for money than Topolobampo next door.  Service was great (water glass constantly full, waitstaff not condescending, never without silverware), but the food was the real star.  Lots of delicious options.  We will try to come here at least a couple times a year and bring out of town guests because Frontera really showcases the Chicago food scene.  I love that you can get delicious food at a reasonable price (for delicious food) in such a fantastic location.I can't say everything was perfect...but it was close enough that I'd probably eat here 7 days a week if I could.The Mezcal Margarita was wonderfully smoky and spicy...just right. A dining companion said the Blue Agave Margarita was better than anything she'd had in Mexico.For an appetizer, I had trouble choosing, so I ordered the ceviche trio. Tasting them wasn't much help, as they were all wonderful, but I suppose if I were only allowed one, I'd choose the Coctel de Atun Tropical, a raw tuna with dressed avocado and mango. While the raw tuna and avocado is nothing new, the seasoning for the mango (salsa?) and avocado (guac-like) was perfect.I'll admit, I could have done without the pork flautas; the wrapping was thicker and tougher than I would have liked, and while the meat was good, it wasn't great. But all was forgiven when I tried my Queso Fundido de Costilla. The cheese tasted incredibly fresh, and was well supported by the pork and vegetables. I would be happy with just that dish for every meal for a week (if I thought I could survive eating like that).Oh, and parents take note: they will do a plain cheese quesadilla for unadventurous/cautious diners.My husband and I have been fans of Rick Bayliss for a long time, just from watching him on Bravo. So when we visited Chicago we knew we had to visit Frontera Grill.We went on a weekday night about an hour before closing. They told us we would have to wait about an hour but 10 minutes later they had a table for us. Our waiter was absolutely wonderful. His demeanor was as warm and welcome as the restaurants ambience.  I ordered the Pollo en Crema de Pepita and my husband ordered the Cochinita Pibil. Our food was out in good time and it was the most amazing Mexican food we have ever eaten. The textures and flavors were astounding. My chicken was perfectly cooked, so tender and juicy and my pumpkinseed sauce was every bit as velvety as it was suppose to be, with a fantastic nutty flavor to it. My husband loved his dish as well.For dessert we decided to see what Bayliss could do with Strawberry Shortcake. Believe me, you have NEVER had strawberry shortcake like this! The biscuit had such delicate crispy layers and I loved the sugar crystals on top. Then there was the honey manila mango salsa! Oh my gosh! I died and went to heaven!  All of our food was incredible. Frontera is a dining experience not to be missed.I went here for a special occasion recently. We went on a Weds. to try and avoid crowds. That didn't work as we had to wait about an hour and a half. We half expected this, so it really wasn't a big deal; however, the hostess' were pretty unfriendly\rude.The food was great. I had the Weds. special, which is suckling pig. I've had suckling pig once before in Spain and it was gross. Here is was most excellent. Very tender and flavorful. Others in my party had soup, tacos and fish. Everyone liked there food to varying degrees. The prices were reasonable for a restaurant that has such a reputation. There are sooo many Mexican places in Chicago, that I'd like to try a few more before I crown this one the king. Don't get me wrong, my food was very good, but it wasn't the best I've ever eaten or anything.I think I was expecting too much from Frontera. Don't get me wrong it was delicious, but I was not blown away. For appetizers we had the guac and some cheesy chorizo melt thing. Both were good. The cheesy chorizo could probably cause a heart attack in the right person - so bad for you, but so tasty. For dinner I ordered the chicken. It came with sweet potatoes and some sort of mole sauce. It was pretty delicious. My boyfriend got some sort of beef with habenero sauce. Also, pretty delicious. His mom got the daily special - slow roasted suckling pig.  It was also pretty good. The sauce that came with it was super hot, but yummy. Drinkwise, I got a mojito - wasn't in a margarita mood. It was just like any other mojito I have had. The margarita my boyfriend's mom ordered was pretty good though. They also have a decent beer selection.I might go back, but I don't know that it amazed me enough to spend the money.On June 5, we arrived at 5 PM and were lucky enought to get a 6 PM reservation.  We hung out at the bar and had a few margaritas (very good).At the appointed time we were shown to our table, a nice table for 2.  Our waiter, Juan S., then immediately proceeded to rush our dinner choices.  After some chips and guac, my date and I ordered a quesadilla and the swordfish special.Juan then came back 2 minutes later and announced that the swordfish ahd been replaced by the halibut.  After I expressed surprise since he had just described the swordfish, he said, "This is a restaurant and that's the way things go."So, then the water torture began.  "Your entrees should be right out," we were told numerous times.  Well, they certainly should.  After 45 minutes my date left the the restaurant.  I called for the check and Juan said the manager would be right over.  The last thing I saw was the buffoon-like manager marching into the kitchen.Not sure this place isn't just a huge joke they're playing on the huddled masses.Frontera Grill, one of Rick Bayless' Chicago restaurants, aims to please savvy, sustainability-minded customers.  We found their selection of humane animal products to be impressive.  The menu changes every several weeks, but the restaurant's commitment to sourcing welfare-friendly ingredients seems to be a constant.  Information about specific ingredients can be found on the restaurant's website and also on its menu de jour.  Frontera Grill uses chicken and duck that comes from Gunthorp Farms.  The free-range birds spend a lot of their lives outside as they are pastured at three weeks of age.  The Pollo en More Amarillo entree we ordered was quite tender and delicious.   Cage-free eggs come from Little Farm on the Prairie where the hens live outside as weather permits.The restaurant sources it lamb from Crawford Farm, where the animals roam on pastures and eat seasonal forages.  Cheese and dairy products come from Prairie Fruits Farm and Otter Creek Organic Farm.  Prairie Fruits is a completely grass-fed operation while Otter Creek emphasizes rotational grazing and pasture-based living for their organic cows when the weather is hospitable.Beef is from Creekstone Farms or Tallgrass Beef.  Tallgrass Beef is completely grass-fed and grass-finished, meaning that the cows are never fed grain.  Pastured goat is purchased from Pleasant Meadows Farm.  Frontera Grill buys pork from Maple Creek Farm in Wisconsin.  There the pigs are fed sustainably farmed soy and corn. They are semi-confined but allowed to roam regularly.Room for improvement:  Consider sourcing beef products that are completely grass-fed and grass-finished to protect cattle health.  We would also like more information about the production practices on specific farms, namely how the pork is produced.  The Humane Choice is a project of Food Animal Concerns Trust (FACT). This restaurant was reviewed by FACT staff members Larissa McKenna and Lisa Isenhart.  FACT is a Chicago-based non-profit organization dedicated to improving the way animals are raised on farms.  For more information on our work and mission, please visit foodanimalconcerns.org.I am a huge lover of mexican food and the food network channel, so when my fellow foodie friend was in down last weekend we knew Frontera was the way to go.We had an excellent ginger ale cocktail and some of their craft beers which were delicious. The guacamole was to die for and when it was accidentally taken away before we were done with it (because our food came out pretty quickly) they replaced it for free.I had the Pescado al Ajillo with the fish of the day which was swordfish. I couldn't even complain about it if I wanted to because it was that good. Would definitely eat there again. There did seem to be a language barrier with the waiters which lead to some confusion when figuring out the checkHad the "Mole Trio" last night and it was very good.  3 types of Mole on 3 different dishes.  Paired it with a cold bottle of porter.  Thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Seated promptly at our reservation time and were able to eat at a very casual pace.  Had the half raw trio for an appetizer that was also tasty.  For dessert, the ice cream with the caramel sauce was outstanding.  Food can be pricey but there are flavors here that are hard to find anywhere else.Excellent, high quality mexican food.  Some really interesting flavors are created here.  My only beef is the no-reservation policy.  Its a sure ploy to get you to linger in the bar and pony up for some margaritas for the on average hour long wait to get a table.Working in Chicago and wanted mexican food. This was recommended on Yelp. Very long wait so book before going. We decided to wait and took forever. Menu is too busy. Food was pretty good. Beer selection is ok.Went for lunch on a beautiful, sunny Friday afternoon.10 minute wait for a table for 2 on the patio.Shared the appetizer sampler (for 2) and the carne asada a la oaxaquena, and a round of drinks (including a margarita that made short work of knocking me on my ass) and got out for around $60.  Frontera feels like an affordable luxury, something I like to see in restaurant.  Why make great food if no one can afford it?  Might not go back because it was kind of just something to say we did, but it was great!Ok, I love Rick Bayless and I watch his show regularly so I was very excited to finally visit this place.  The restaurant is lively with salsa music and Mexican folk art so the atmosphere is great.  I loved the appetizer, sopas rancheros, they were full of flavor. I would also recommend getting an agua fresca, I got their special of the day and it was delicious.   When the entrees came out, I was expecting to love it as much as the appetizer but both of us were disappointed with the entrees that we got. I got the tacos al carbon which were bland and tasteless and my mom got a fish dish which was oddly flavored.  Perhaps we just picked the wrong things? The beans and tortillas that came on the side were good though.  I would definitely go back but would ask for recommendations on the entree next time.  The dessert, a bread pudding with caramel was also great.1000th review...and it's 5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WOW.  AmazingWe were both looking forward to this restaurant ever since we made our reservations a few months ago.  Helpful note, it is a good idea to make reservations in advanced or you will be waiting for quite a while to grab a seat.Our waiter was spot on.  He helped explain the menu to us and described the best way to possibly order menu items if you weren't wanting an entree.  This came in very handy for my girlfriend as she wasn't completely famished (thank you Lou Malnati) and was not looking for a big gut busting entree.  I had the ceviche trio and wished I had ordered them twice.  The presenation was simple but the flavors were very complex and I found something new that I enjoyed in each one.  She ordered the Fresh Corn Tamales and to quote her "They were %!*$!% amazing!!" :)  Being the glutton I am, I followed mine up with the Thursday night special of Chiles Rellenos.  Still drooling about these 4 days later.  Super cheesy, super amazing.  She had the Old School Frontera Trio, which was a small plate along with stealing my Herb green rice, which she was also a big fan of.My one and only complaint is the men's restroom.  It's a two seater (one stall, one urinal), and I destroyed some guy with the door when walking in.  And as fate would have it, I took the door to the face as well upon exiting.  Cut the bar in half and add some room in there please!!Typically If I hear the word Bayless I jump a notch.Now I hear the word and I groan inwardly.That's because I decided to go there on a Saturday, getting there around 5pm and still having to wait 2 hours to eat.  What happens in 2 hours? 5 of their margaritas enter my belly making me plowed and obnoxious and forgetful of what the food tasted like.  I remember the salsa and guac.  I suggest eating the guac at Xoco, cuz that green gob will set you back $9.00 otherwise.  Still very delicious, but a little pricey.The drinks are sadly fantastic.  I think I was drunk off of 2, but I just kept drinking away.  My suggestion: don't make an effort to try every drink on the menu, like I did.  Not only will you be drunk and still hungry, but you will be broke.The food: a hazy experience.  That's because by the time I finally ate it, It was like 8 pm, around 3 hours after we had arrived.  I had the Swordfish, it was amazing.  So was the rest of the food.However, I do suggest making reservations unless you're in the mood to be a lush like I was that night.  Man, did I hurt the next day.Definitely worth a visit, but I suggest heading over to Xoco and trying some of their snacks if you have to endure an endless wait, which is typical of this place.3.5 Stars...Mexican food happens to be one of my staple go-to "ethnic" foods... so much so that my diet has convinced my body that it's a primary food group. As such, I'm often willing to cough up ten bucks a week to swim in a platter of rice/beans and cheesy enchiladas...I was very skeptical when friends/coworkers suggested that we dine at Chicago's finest upscale Mexican eatery.... "upscale" Mexican food? HUH? But, like a natural foodie, I was open to trying & tasting just about anything.After putting my name on the waiting list... the 'fabulous' male host said - in what seemed like extra slow motion - "Theee waaaiittt willl beeee THREEEE HOUURRRS."I'm sorry. WTF did he just say?Anyway, we waited. The bar around the corner was our saving grace! And three hours later, we were seated... starving, and happily ready to order our food. A few things...(1) Not really "Mexican" food. It is fusion, inspired by Mexican food.(2) Their fusion food was average. Their tortilla soup, above average.(3) Portions are small.(4) Mojitos are stellar.(5) DON'T COME HUNGRY. You'll die starving.And all things considered, this place deserves a 3.5 (even with the omg 3 hour wait).Holy Mole!Haha.... Mole.That was so clever.You're HI-Lariiiouuus, Chazman!BREAKDOWNFOOD: 7 STARS, RIDICULOUSLY GOODSERVICE: -4 STARS, RIDICULOUSLY SLOW. Maybe because we were sitting outside, I don't know.DECOR: 2 STARS, Very authentic but with a city feel.BANG FOR YOUR BUCK: -1 STAR, $18 for 3 and a half tacos? Rick, getcho head checked.But it was deeeeelish.OVERALL: 4 STARSThe only way this would be 100% gold is if Mr Bayless himself came out to say hi so...... Yeah... Ok I'll get over my disappointment someday - so 5 stars it is!!!! now for the fun part. The food was AAaaamazziingggg! After several years of watching the seafood loving mexican cooking in Ricks show, I was just overly jazzed to be sitting in the restaurant. We had no reservation, walked in on a Wed night at 8pm ready to wait for an hour or so, only to be seated in minutes. (one star earned). Next came the tequila drinks fresh and shaken at your table the mango mojitooooo rocks!! Fresh basil and mango yum (2nd star). Then appetizer of what was the show stopper in my opinion - seafood Yucatecan ceviche (100 stars!!!!). Seriously such great flavor, the lime juices, cilantro, delicate seafood pieces so fresh and so full of flavor yum yum yum and hot tortilla chips - this disappeared in minutes. Main course was the mole trio sauce ( lamb) so good - (I'm out of stars!!) with tortillas and we got extra tortillas on the house and an explanation of how the mole sauce is made for three days stewing. The servers were happy, explained all the meals and a pleasure to be around. Don't think about it, just go and enjoy a lovely night out in a fun atmosphere. Done.A haiku:A great place to bringout-of-town guests who like toeat at 9:30Went here for brunch, highly recommended when you are in the mood for a more upscale breakfast, i.e., not-so-greasy-spoon.My boyfriend and I tend to want to try everything at a restaurant the first time we go there, so we tried the appetizer platter to get a feel for the place.  It was a great way to sample and not too much food, you can still get an entree.  The jicama salad and the ceviche tostadas were the standouts.... verrrrry tasty :)We didn't make a reservation and it was pretty crowded (after all, Rick Bayless is awesome), but they have walk-in, no reservation tables at the bar and around the bar, so we only had to wait about 10 mins.CHINGON! I was the only bean face in the place! ("Cara de nopal")  I took a peek at topolabampo, looks like a happenin place, will check it out in the future.I ordered the Milanesa de puerco. Good stuff. It was perfect. Juicy and crispy on the outside. Excellent. I tried a few things off of other plates on the table. I'll try the enchiladas on my next visit. They tasted fantastic. For a starter we had some type of sample platter, which was awsome. Best sample platter on earth me thinks.Took a picture with chef Bayless too, that was coo.Hm... where to begin on Frontera Grill.  It's an excellent restaurant, but you have to learn the game to get a table.  We read these Yelp reviews which told us to show up around 4:30pm and you'll get a table around 8pm.We did just that this past Saturday.  When we arrived at 4:30, the line was entirely under the awning.  The doors opened at 5pm and they quickly took reservations.  We were basically asked what time we would like to have dinner, and we told them 8pm.  My friend and I just went home and came back around 7:45.  When we arrived, we were told we'd get a table in 30 minutes, but we only waited 15 minutes.I'm not much of a wordsmith for this restaurant.  I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano which was beyond excellent.  Total bill for my wife and I was about $40/person which included one drink.Trio, trio, trio.  Just get like 5 of them.  SOOOOOO good!!!!! We knew the consequences of just walking in, so we went late around 10:00 pm.  We still waited for about 30 minutes, but after we ordered, everything came fairly quickly.  Hubby had the rib steak which he loved, I had the cochinita and a tamale and to start we had the trio appetizer which was the best appetizer I've ever had.  And we love our ceviche's and poke's!  Not sure why, but we were sooooooo full after dinner.  Like uncomfortably full, but we blame the margaritas.  So really, maybe one appetizer, and one entree to split may be just enough for us.  Cannot wait to go back-a trip back to Chicago just for Frontera would be well worth our money and time!Taste, taste and more taste!Went with my wife for an Anniversary dinner and ever so glad we did.  The food was incredible and we didn't have to wait a minute even though we walked up at 8pm on a Friday night (got to sit at the bar in front of the kitchen which was more enjoyable anyway).The tequila selection here is worth the trip alone.  I got a flight and was happy with all the selections presented.Some of the best Mexican I've ever had though I can't comment on authenticity.  Great service too - will definitely be back!A MUST if you're in Chicago.  We got lucky and were able to make Friday reservations the night before and it was the only one available for the weekend.  I came here with 2 other friends and decided to do family style since all of us were new to Chicago.  Tried:Trio, Trio, Trio: Sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco & Coctail de Atun Tropical.  Ceviche Fronterizo is Lime-marinated Hawaiian albacore with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, green chile; on crispy tostaditas. Ceviche Yucateco is Steamed Mexican blue shrimp & calamari, lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jcama & cilantro. Crispy tortilla chips. Coctel de Atun Tropical is Sashimi-grade Hawaiian yellowfin tuna, avocado-tomatillo guacamole, tangy mango-grapefruit salsa. All three had different flavors.  What's great about the trio option is the variety.  If you're a fan of ceviche, this is a must get.Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak (marinated in spicy red chile & wood-grilled), black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, guacamole. This was my favorite dish ordered.  The steak was actually cooked medium rare.  The steak kept the juiciness and made perfect tacos. Enchiladas de Mole Poblano: Homemade tortillas rolled around Gunthorp free-range chicken, doused with Mexicos most famous mole. Black beans. I'm already a fan of enchiladas and this dish really hit the spot.  The mole sauce added a hint of sweetness and the dish was very well cooked.Costillas Ahumadas (Friday special): Applewood-smoked Gunthorp pork spare ribs, ancho barbeque sauce. Three Sisters Garden grits with Otter Creek cheddar. I wish I came with a bigger appetite because this place was one of the best mexican resturants i've been to.  I will definitely come back the next time I'm in town.You're not going to find better haute cuisine south of the border food anywhere in the United States.  Rick Bayless studied food all over Mexico and has returned to grace us with his amazing creations.First of all, always start with the ceviche trio.  It changes regularly and never fails to be amazing.For a main course, you can't go wrong with any of his mole.  I went with the shrimp-with-white-mole dish this time and my tastebuds lit up with delight!  Wash it down with one of the excellent cocktails from the list or even just some straight tequila and you can't go wrong!Home of celebrated celebrity chef and having won countless awards, most of which can be seen framed near the restrooms, Frontera Grill is an apparent destination restaurant of Chicago.Whenever I've seen Chef Bayless on tv he is always making some kind of traditional Mexican mole.  This influenced my decision to order the Mole Trio (grill-seared pork in manchamanteles, two mole poblano enchiladas, and roasted vegetables in green pumpkinseed mole) for lunch.There were definitely some new Mexican flavors that I hadn't ever experienced before in the dishes here, that much I appreciated about the food.  In terms of overall satisfaction however I wasn't any more satisfied than when I leave a local taqueria that charges one third of the price for twice the amount of Mexican food.  I was generally satisfied with my entree overall but I just don't think the price tag ($21) was justified.Wasn't very full and had a sweet tooth hankering so I went for the pastel de chocolate y cacahuate.  This featured a very rich and dense, yet velvety, chocolate peanut butter cake, toasted peanut ice cream and diced mango.  This was probably my favorite part of my meal here.Their homemade hot sauce placed at every table is not very hot at all, it's really more tangy than anything else.  A little disappointing since I like the heat.In terms of ambiance and atmosphere it's a very colorful cantina style decor here, but if you didn't see the Frontera Grill awning on the outside you might actually think you were in a slightly more upscale Chevy's Fresh Mex from the inside.  No free chips and salsa here though.We have been to Frontera a few times. Normally the service and food is great. This time the service was awful and the food was ok, not Bayless-worthy in my book!We sat outside. Any request we made to the waiter was forgotten; hubby's second beer, a request for a price on the specials, OUR FOOD!We waited over 45 minutes between our appetizer and our entree. I asked to see the manager, she said she would check on the time (what?) she came back and CORRECTED me on the time. She said "it says 32 minutes in the kitchen". She admitted it was too long though. NOW SEE HERE... I'm pretty anal: I looked at my watch when they cleared our appetizers and it was 45 Minutes before we got our entrees. I'm not sure when the kitchen starts their "timing"... but it was very tacky to correct me. The saving grace was that she took 3 of our entrees off the bill, BUT THAT WASN'T THE POINT!!! We were tired, hungry, and not happy by the time we were eating. It was not enjoyable.We have another reservation in July. I'll update this review to see if they have fixed their problems!Update.... We never went in July. We decided it wasn't worth the trouble!Honestly not sure what else I can add as a review given that this place has been featured so much it's no longer a local secret!As usual, we had a spectacular meal here - everything from the cocktails (freshly made margarita's, including a summer one with cucumber), to the appetizers (guac, chile tamales) to our meals (an amazing grilled salmon with pumpkin seed mole and slow roasted pig on a bed of ancho beans and fresh tortillas) was typically great!Service is still top-notch after all these years. It is hard to beat a restaurant that is passionate about the ingredients, the prep and the service all at the same time! Frontera Grill deserves all the recognition and is indeed the best mexican restaurant in the United States.One of the best brunch meals I've had in Chicago... Though I'm not sure if the people I dined with would agree.  We showed up kind of late on a Saturday afternoon expecting to have lunch... after we waited an hour and a half (we walked to Merchandise Mart and back) we had a margarita and we were finally seated.  Then we learned it was a brunch menu.  This was a bit disappointing to everyone--particularly since it was 2PM by now.  I scoured the menu to find something without eggs but there were only 2 or 3 options.  I ended picking the Sapitos, which actually did have eggs but the waitress said it was one of her favorite things.  They were indeed amazing!!  The margaritas here--as always--are TOP NOTCH.  They have a number of different ways to order them, my recommendation is the middle of the road option where it's shaken and served straight up in a martini ($8 each).  One of the best margaritas I've ever had.  They also have one that has a smokey flavor, is pink, and served straight up in a martini ($10). It was very very tasty too.I don't really know if the others at the table really thought their food was "all that" ... The mole was good... though probably not that memorable.   Our friend had a bean stew that I don't know if she liked much.  Another had an aztec egg dish that looked like it might be good but probably too much egg--she didn't eat half of it.The service to me was "just OK" ... It was good when she was there though.  It was also nice to see Rick Bayless actually walking around and doing things in his restaurant.  We even snapped a pic w/ him.Brunch is served only on Saturday--not Sunday.  Brunch entree prices range from $10-15.  Pretty reasonable for what it is.  Despite us being disappointed that it was brunch when we went, had we known and planned ahead (i.e., not ate breakfast, showed up earlier), it probably would have been a nice treat. Their reservations policy is confusing and sometimes perhaps even inconsistent.  For lunch they apparently take reservations for all parties. For dinner they only take reservations for groups of 5-10, but if you call early in the morning they take a few same day reservations for smaller parties for dinner.  I've tried twice though and both times I've called around 9am and it was already for the day.  (P.S., I posted some pictures of our food in the pics).I have a crush on Rick Bayless.  If I had more time, it would probably rise to the level of stalking, but fortunately for RB, I'm pretty busy these days.I love Frontera.  In fact, I like it even better than Topolobampo.  The food at Topolo is INCREDIBLE, but there is just something off about the combination of Mexican food and white tableclothes.  Like eating burritos in that room you were never allowed to go in when you were a kid.   Anyway, Frontera is the opposite.  It's casual, unpretentious, fun, the food is amazeballs and its reasonably priced.After hearing that there were no reservations available and that there were already people waiting at the bar, we decided to give it a shot anyway. It was a weekday around 5:45. After finding quick parking, we walked up to the counter and were seated immediately! Someone on the phone is a bad judge of wait time. Yay us!We're big Bayless fans and have had great meals at Topo, xoco, and other catered events. Frontera was definitely less stuffy than Topo and had more bang for your buck in my opinion. We started off with two appetizers. The duck flautas were tasty. They came four to an order and were the definite winner. The pork tamal was just ok. Really salty. The pork and the sauce overpowered the tamal. I would probably not order this one again. For entrees, I had the Pescado en Pipian de Almendra. Cobia in a green sauce with almonds and polenta cakes. Good, flaky. My wife went with the pork loin with butternut mash. This was the clear favorite. The red mole was ridiculous and the candied pecans put it over the top. We almost never order pork loin, but this gamble paid off. For dessert, the duo of flanes were decent. I would go with something else next time. The churros at xoco would have been perfect.Frontera is more grounded and more straightforward than her sister, Topolobampo and for that matter, better. While we waited, we enjoyed Blood Orange Margaritas and Guacamole in the bar.  The Margaritas ran a little sweeter than you'd anticipate for a drink that features Blood Orange but, we didn't let that deter us from finishing and enjoying them.  The Guacamole was smooth and velvety with a really nice blend of flavors and served in a mortar on a banana leaf.  Somehow, we knew we'd survive the wait for our table as long as we had supplies of Margaritas and Guacamole.  And survive we did.Eventually we were seated and prepared to dig in.  The short rib special was sold out (a good sign in my book) and we both settled on the Puerco en Manchamanteles.  Let me be clear, here: there was no settling.  This was spectacular.  With 3 kinds of pork product on my plate, I was like a kid in a candy store.  The pork loin was cooked to perfection such that you didn't need a knife.  It was with pineapple and chipotle and homemade chorizo.  The flavors counter each other beautifully and were tied together with an almond-ancho mole.  Beneath the pork was kale that was akin to a collard green preparation.  As the ingredients fell together on the plate, the flavors mixed and their contrasts were only heightened.  On the other side of the plate was butternut squash treated with ancho and brimming with bacon.  What was not to love?I decided that I hadn't had quite enough to drink and tried the Homemade Gin and Tonic.  It might have been the best Gin and Tonic I've ever had.  Get it.  Drink it.  You're welcome.We opted for dessert, the Pastel de Chocolate y Cacahuate.  Chocolate-peanut butter cake that was almost molten, topped with ancho-candied peanuts and served with peanut ice cream on the side.  They were kind enough to observe a mango allergy at the table and exclude the tequila-spiked honey Manila mango .  This was dessert as it was meant to be.  If you're able to make reservations, by all means, get on it.  Otherwise, steel yourself, get a drink and some guac and bide your time.  It will be well worth the wait.Our night at Frontera started out a little shaky, but was great overall. We came without a reservation and found it was an hour and fifteen minute wait. No big deal. We quickly got seats at the bar and ordered a couple margaritas and some guacamole. The blood orange margarita came straight up and was tasty, but a bit too sweet for me and my boyfriend's mezcal was too bitter. We hit our stride though with the second round of drinks, the paloma (perfect) and a standard gold margarita. The guacamole was amazing, probably the best I've ever had. However, there was a fly buzzing around (in the dead of winter?) that wouldn't leave us, or the guac, alone and there was a hair in the chips. That was a little annoying, but we quickly forgot about it because our table was ready about 30 minutes early. The art in the dining room was really interesting, but the lighting was terrible. There were bright track lights pointing every where. It created harsh shadows and was terribly unflattering. Our waiter was Edgar and he was a delight! He was attentive and helpful and had some great recommendations. We started with a platter of oysters and ceviche and an order of the sopes. Everything was fresh and delicious especially the tasty little sopes! For our entrees we had the duck breast with mole and the grass-fed flank steak. They were incredible. I thought the portions were just right. I finished my plate and felt warm and contented instead of stuffed. It was just a perfect meal. We tried the pecan pie for dessert and it was so decadent and rich! We had such a wonderful time and we can't wait to go back again.Reservations are your friend. Fortunately, we had them. Very colorful decor. Fun, bustling atmosphere. Service was very good. They had a wide variety of non-alcoholic, non soda beverages (it was 11:30, after all). We had heard so much about their guacamole, so we had to give it a try. My guacamole that I make at home would give them a run for their money, but they lived up to their reputation. The quality of avacados was top notch. In fact, we all wondered where they got such good ones this time of year. Needless to say, this goes way beyond your typical strip mall Mexican-American fare. I had Tacos al Carbon, with duck (duck!). The special of the day featured goat (goat!). I was disappointed they didn't have tripe tacos. That would have really freaked out the others in our party (love shock value). The menu covered a wide range of prices, from basement bargain to splurge territories. I get the feeling that it would be hard to go wrong with this menu. We'll have to try Topo next time. I wanted to try it this time, but we were only able to get rezzies at Frontera.I honestly don't know how anyone could not like this place.  Yes the wait sucks, but when it comes down to the food and service, it was simply amazing.Secretly I wish I could have smuggled a big container of the Guacamole home with me, but the damn terrorists have won with the whole no liquids thing.I had the special which was a perfectly cooked leg of lamb on top of a bed of beans.  The meat fell off the leg and tasted excellent.  Even the gentlemen who was filling up my water said how he would have it every day if he could.Our waiter was friendly and not pretentious nor did he act like I was eating a disney world.If I lived in Chicago, I would go here often...after I would figure out how not to deal with the wait.Bravo!  5 StarsI haven't been to Frontera since the 90's.The food was great: ceviche, guacamole, little cheese empanada things, chicken taquitos.  I had the chicken enchiladas with mole, deeply delicious and satisfying.  Flan and chocolate pecan pie topped it off with a sweet and tasty ending.The three stars are for the very spotty service.  Two people at my table had their orders messed up and had to wait while the rest of us started eating.  That's just bad all around.Should this be happening at one of the most popular restaurants in the city?I went with a friend to this restaurant to try out their "restaurant week" menu. We went during lunch on a Saturday without reservations because they said they were full but that we could try to show up. When we got there it was a 45 mins wait to sit down or we could try the bar which was open seating. This is a horrible set up, I do not know why busy places even try to still use this cause it basically forces you to stalk other people for there table. So we had to wait the 45 mins , but then they actually expected us to wait IN the building. For 45 mins! They looked at us like we were crazy for wanting to walk around! So we get our food and the tortilla soup was very good, but it took them forever to clear the table after we were done eating and then forever for them to bring the second course. The special menu is set in stone! What the hell took so long? My friend got the pork tacos and I got the steak. When they brought the food she had literally 5 times as much food as me! I finished eating in five mins then I had to watch her eat for the next 30 minutes! And I am an incredibly slow eater because I talk so damn much! They just totally skimped me on my meat! I take meat very seriously and I got almost none! This was disappointing because I THINK it tasted very good but I hardly had enough to tell. They also took a really long time to clear to table here as well. We got dessert but I am not really a fan of dark chocolate so I can't comment about it but it looked fine. I didn't taste it. So basically this place is good but it was not really worth it to me for the price. This special promotion lunch still ran us about $30 a person and I was so hungry we had to go to the Chipotle down the street afterwards. I was much more satisfied with the $7 bucks I spent there than here.Frontera Grill will go down in my dining blogs for two memorable reasons. My first celebrity sighting in Chicago, after all the years in the city - and none other than the big O...rather the OTHER big O- Winfrey herself! Of course, she was serenaded to some exclusive secretive quarters at Frontera while we were left languishing at the adjacent Topolabampo bar for over an hour on a Fri night with some good spirits for company!The other reason - the Brazo de Indio - one of the only two vegetarian options on the menu. I was expecting a good old fashioned heavy Tamale but this Mexican masterpiece looked so good, had freshness written all over it and the topping of cucumber and jicama with a liberal dose of some spectacular sauces made me a believer  - Mexican food can be flavorful and healthy!I wasn't particularly impressed with the desserts. I cringed when I saw the damage to my credit card. But despite the disappointment of not utilizing the Restaraunt week deals at this restaraunt, I think I am definitely a fan.PER-FEC-TION. N. 5 stars! I had the Jicama Callejera ( crunchy jicama, cucumber and pineapple with fresh lime and crushed guajillo chile) to start. It was so sweet, and so crunchy and fresh and very refreshing! The chile was not spicy at all and it brought some flavor to the jicama. The presentation was so beautiful, this was a great starter! Now for my main dish....Puerco en Mole Verde Queretano (garlic-marinated Maple Creek pork loin, slow-cooked over the coals, with Queretaro-style green mole of poblano chiles, plantains, sesame seeds, peanuts and sweet spices. Savory corn masa tamales, nopal-poblano rajas) ... UN-BELIEVEABLE. I was a little hesitant as first because the word chiles scares me away because I'm not a fan of spicy foods. but nothing about this dish was spicy at all. The pork lion was very tender, and the mole verde sauce complemented the pork lion. The corn tamales were delicious, they were the best tamales I've ever eaten. The sauce was DELICIOUS. It wasn't heavy at all, and the portion size was fantastic. I left feeling full and it wasn't a food coma full. But full and very very happy. The thing i REALLY loved about Frontera Grill was that the menu was not your typical mexican menu with 75% of the menu filled with quesadillas, tacos, taquitos..chicken, beef, or vegetarian...... Everything on the menu was different from your typical mexican restaurant....I have nothing but amazing things to say about this place. Excellent. I will defiantly come back again.Over-hyped.  My food was okay (I had the mole enchiladas), but overpriced for what it was.  I really don't care that it's a 'Rick Bayless restaurant', it's pretty disheartening when your favorite part of the meal are the free tortilla chips.Redeeming factor: their guacamole.Don't forget your gel inserts for your standing shoes here - you'll be waiting for awhile.  in fact, you should probably eat something before you try and wait for a table... otherwise, the three rounds of margaritas you'll have before your name is called will probably send you under the table instead of in your seat.  But hey, at least it makes the food taste that much better. 4 stars for the food ~ delicious, yes.  3 hour wait delicious?  eh, sure.  We knew what we were getting ourselves into trying to dine on a Friday night... so as long as you're good-spirited about the indifferent service and ridiculous crowds, then it can be a great time.  My friend was smart and brought a New Yorker with him to keep him occupied while he waited for us - he put our name down at 6:30pm and we were seated by 9:30pm.  Yes, I know... we are suckers, but we kept ourselves entertained at the bar.  Dining highlights :: the homemade tortillas + ceviche trio + ridiculously hot habanero salsa.  That salsa is no joke... and this is coming from someone who smears sriracha on just about anything.  Heck, I even eat sriracha alone sometimes just to wet my palette.  But this habanero business is legit... too legit.  Minus one star for the lame service - no one gives rat's ass if you're coming back again or not.  and why should they care, there will always be people walking through their door.  Remember, eat a snacky snack and do some calf stretches before - you'll be all set.Like everyone else, I'm a Top Chef fan, and the Top Chef Masters was notable for how much everyone LOVED Rick Bayless's food. And to add to that, I was just blown away by how nice a guy he seemed to be, especially for someone who is at the top of his game. Like, how cool is that? So on a recent trip to Chicago, I had to check it out for myself. A friend tried to get me reservations just before I left - nope, not even close. But apparently a fair amount of the restaurant is saved for walk-in's, so after a full day at work Wednesday, a Wed night redeye flight to Chicago, and then a full Thursday conference, I hauled my tired self through the rain and blowing wind to Frontera Grill and got there exactly at 6 pm. I was told it was already a 1 1/2 hour wait for a table for one! Luckily there was just one space left in the bar area. Phew!Decided to really go all out, because who knows if I'd ever have another chance to eat here? I tried the tostaditas (just-made tortilla chips with two different salsas), the enchiladas de chivo (goat enchiladas wrapped in homemade tortillas and served with a beer and tequila laced dark pasilla sauce), and the Thursday night special barbacoa de borrego (lamb marinated in red chile and slow-roasted in banana leaves). I really wanted to try some ceviche also, but decided to pass - as it was, this was already going to be way too much food.It was all good. The tortilla chips were fine, although nothing really stood out about them. The enchiladas de chivo were my hands-down favorite, that pasilla sauce was just delicious! And the lamb was also very good, although at that point I was getting so full! And the presentation did not disappoint either. The banana leaf package with chili-marinated lamb inside looked similar to the Rick Bayless dish I saw on Top Chef Masters. Of course, that was why I ordered it...As a final note, the servers were very nice and checked on me several times despite the growing crowd. By the time I was done with my dinner at 7 pm, it was really packed in the bar area. It was with a happy and full stomach that I headed back out into the cold, wind, and rain to walk back to my hotel.Here's the deal.If you like a good margarita- I suggest the agave one- then you'll like this place...and that's just if you sit at the bar. The main dishes are a little pricey but the appetizers are more resoanble. The guacamole was a refreshing change- it almost remeinded me of being back in my city of San Francisco.You gotta try this place at least once. Come on! It's Rick Bayless we are talking about here.You've just been yelped in.Holy tourist destination now! Still, the Topolo margarita is the best margarita in the city (#2 is at Matchbox if you were wondering).Food: 5 starsService: 3 starsValue: 3 starsWe out-of-towners came in for a Friday lunch with no reservations after seeing Rick Bayless on Top Chef Masters.  When we mentioned that we were heading to Frontera with no reservations to our hotel concierge - they laughed in our face... but we still persevered and I'm glad that we did.We were told we would have a 1.5 hour wait for a table, so we started to hover around seats at the bar and wait for people to leave.  We lucked out and bet on the right folks - because we were seated 15 minutes later.  Not bad since there were only three of us.  I would highly recommend this on a weekday, but am guessing this is a no-go on the weekends.Minus some stale chips we got with our chips/salsa/guac - the food was 5 stars all the way.  I'm surprised the chips/salsa aren't included given how small the salsa is.  We shared the appetizer platter (quesadillas, ceviche, taquitos, guac) - which is huge, the gulf shrimp, and the carne asada ribeye.  It was all excellent.Service was kind of dicey.  Granted, the restaurant was filled to capacity (as was the bar) - but it took us 30 minutes to get our first round of drinks.  After sweating profusely from our 15 block walk in 95 degree weather and intense humidity - we needed something refreshing and every minute seemed like forever.  It was even harder to get a second round order of drinks in.  Same with the food - this place is just slooooooow.This place is pretty spendy for fancy Mexican food.  I think it's worth it - because it tasted great and the restaurant has a great vibe, but I would have been sorely disappointed if I had waited 2 or 3 months to get a reservation.  It's the kind of place, where as a tourist - I'm glad I went once to check it off my list, but I'll try another place the next time I'm in Chicago.I'm a bit flummoxed by the rave reviews of Frontera. When I planned a trip to chicago, it was the first place I thought of eating and while I'm often skeptical of high-end Mexican, I assumed all of the hype had to be pretty well deserved. However, our meal was passably tasty and hardly revolutionary. We started with chips, guac, and salsa. The guac was delicious, though about as good as any place that makes decent guac. Chips were too thick and lacked salt. Next, we had the tamal de birria. The tamal was very moist and had a nice corn flavor; the goat was quite goat-y. Good, but an acquired taste, and more gamy than other goat dishes. Next up, the salmon tartar with a peanut/plantain chip sauce. This dish had a distinctly odd, bordering on unpleasant flavor. The peanut sauced masked the salmon taste and I couldn't find the texture of the plantain chips. We also ordered the sopes rancheros, with short ribs. Delicious though not transcendent. The sopes were well crisped and the short ribs full of flavor. Probably the best dish of the night. Finally, we ordered the maple pork tacos. I swore I was eating chicken! We even asked the waiter, who laughed and insisted we were eating pork. He also said that people ask him this all the time. I'd say if people think your pork is chicken, you have a problem! I like my pork to taste like pork, thank you. Also, no hint at all of maple flavor. Perhaps I'm being too harsh. All in all, the meal was reasonably good with a few great moments. But overall, given the prices, the wait time, and the incredible hype, I'd say it doesn't live up.Best thing I ate in Chicago all weekend? Carne asada tacos at La Pasadita near Wicker Park & Ukranian Village.The food was great, but I'm not sure it's worth a 2+ hour wait if you don't have a reservation. If you find yourself with no reservation and wanting to try frontera, your best bet is likely hovering behind people seated at the bar, waiting to grab a seat. It worked for me, but still took about 30 minutes before I could grab some seats at the bar. Food and drinks were great. After dinner I stopped at Xoco (next door) for chocolate churros.If you're not interested in waiting for a seat at the bar, I recommend trying either Maya del sol in Oak Park or Xni Pec in Brookfield. You'll probably not have a wait at either place, unless it's a Friday/Saturday night.Always good ... ALWAYS!  And even though it's a bit on the pricey side for Mexican food, every plate is well worth it.  The atmosphere is also nice for close to any occasion.  If it was just food I would give it five stars, but I've had more than one run-in with a rude hostess.  In the defense of the establishment, as soon as who seemed to act as maitre'd heard my group talking about said hostess on one occasion, he asked about it and quickly apologized.  And, Rick Bayless is regularly there working with everyone else in the kitchen!  Well done, Rick!Great food, but I'm giving this 3 stars because it's nearly impossible to get in for dinner at a reasonable hour and the margharita--which I had hoped would be delectly flavored and properly salted--was mediocre at best.The appetizers ended up being a perfect, filling size.  I also wished there was a little more on the menu for vegetarians.My girlfriend and I decided to try to get a seat at one of the coveted Bayless restaurants for our second anneversary dinner, we thought it was a long shot, since we did not have reservations AND it was a Friday night. We figured we would get there 10 minutes before dinner service (4:50 PM) started so we would get the best chance. To our delight, we got to the restaurant and there was only one party in front of us, and the host kindly asked us for our name and we were the second in line. We were ushered into the waiting area, and at 5:00 they let us into the bar area. At about 5:15 (and the restaurant was practically full at this point) we were then seated promptly, and the experience began: Drinks: -Mexican Mojito (w/ tequilla) x2-Topolo Margarita x2-----Drinks, both were well excuted, I liked the Mojito allittle bit better.Platillos Pequenos: -Sopes Rancheros (Masa boats filled with shredded beef, avocado, and house made cheese)-Queso Fundito Classico (melted cheese, w/ house made chorizo, onion and mexican oregano served w/ house made corn tortillas)----Appetizers: thanks to yelp, there were multiple reccomendations for the Sopes Rancheros, and boy did it live up to the hype. I could tell this dish was refined, refined again, and again. The result is the most flavorful mouthful I have ever had. Thankfully for me and you, this item does not rotate on and off the menu. Sorry queso fundito,  but you were no where close to being as good as the sopes. ( i would order something else to replace the queso fundito if i were to to it again. Especialidades:-Pollo en Mole Verde (chicken with green mole sauce, mexican mashed potatoes, & spinach)-Pato en Mole Xico (duck breast with dark mole sauce, smoky green beans, &  mexican rice)---------Main Course: all parts of the chicken dish were amazing, the chicken, sauce, potatoes and spinach were all instruments to a symphony in your mouth. The duck dish was good, but not as balanced as the chicken dish, duck was well cooked, sauce was the best part of either dishes (soo smoky and complex), rice was well seasoned, green beans did not really add to the dish but were edible. Desserts: -Tamal de Chocolate (chocolate tamale, home made cinnamon ice cream, mexican chocolate glaze)- Mexican Hot Chocolate--------The Tamale de Chocolate was a bit dissapointing to end the meal off, just a mealy chocolate tamale. texturally, it did not come together. The house made cinnamon ice cream was so-so. The mexican hot chocolate saved it though, you could taste the spice that played off the deep flavor of chocolate, it was wonderful. The whole meal came to allittle less than $130.00, which was really reasonable for the amount, and quality of food and drinks (4 drinks total). The service was nothing short of spectacular, the waiter gave us drink recommendations and shared with us his favorites off of the menu. I dont know what all of the 1 & 2 star reviews on yelp here are for, I cant concieve of giving this place lower than a 4 star review. Rick Bayless, you are an impostor, you are not mexican. But you do Mexican food better than the Mexicans do it. P.S: 1. Get there early        2. Get a drink        3. Get the Sopes Rancheros        4. Order anything with the word Mole on it        5. Do not miss out on the Mexican Hot Chocolate.I've been wanted to go to Frontera for a really long time.  The hype, mostly, but also, Xoco is delicious.  So, I finally made it.  We arrived at 4:30 on a Saturday to stand outside and hopefully get one of the first tables when they open at 5pm.  Well, we were given a 5:40 seat time.  They stagger the seating, which makes sense, so people who walked in after they open at 5, I imagine had to wait quite a long time.  We waited inside the bar area, which gets crowded, and although a bartender was walking around taking orders and serving drinks, it was rather inefficient.  However, the drinks were absolutely delicious.  My date had the Sparkling Passion , which was very sweet, but delicious.  I got the Summer Margarita, which I don't usually enjoy cucumber in my drinks, but this was refreshing and delicious.We got a table in the bar area, which was a little noisy, but ok nonetheless.  We started with guacamole which is creamy with some chunks of avocado and tomato.  It was not spicy at all and almost a little sweet.  We also got the taquitos de pollo ahumado which were delicious.  They were also nicely presented (see photo).  The two salsas, green and red are very good as well.  The red one has a unique smoky flavor.For an entree I had the Pollo en Escabeche de Chabacano.  It was a super mix of flavors, some tangy, some spicy.  The chicken was moist and tender.  My date had the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano.  The dish was also wonderful, very rich though, and chocolately flavored.  This dish was large compared to mine, although looking around at others', it seems that the dishes vary greatly in size.For dessert we had the duo de flanes.  I was looking forward to the chocolate mint infused one, but was disappointed by its herbal flavor, although my date really liked it, and the raspberries were nice and tart.  That one had a creamier texture than the classic vanilla, which was basically just what it says in flavor and texture, classic.In all, I was truly impressed with the food at Frontera, however, I think the hype is a bit much and I would necessarily go to wait at 4:30pm again.This was my first culinary stop in Chicago. Despite arriving at an already-packed dining room, we were promptly seated. The extensive lunch menu made it quite difficult to decide on what to eat. My friend and I decided to share the Old School Frontera Trio appetizer of taquitos, quesadillas, and ceviche tostadas. All three items were delicious and I couldn't wait till my entrée is served. When my duck breast taco finally arrived, I couldn't wait to dig in. The good part of the entrée is that I got warm tortilla and I can build my own taco. However, the highlight of the dish - the duck breast - lacked flavor complexity and was somewhat chewy. In terms of service, I found it difficult to get the attention of the servers while seated next to the wall and a room partition. Maybe it was a busy day or maybe it was the partition, I was disappointed about the lukewarm service that we received.It's gone downhill I guess.  My mahi mahi sounded good on the menu, but it was bland and practically flavorless.  Very disappointing.  Ned didn't like his ceviche or rice and beans.  Drinks were good, as always.I think this may just be a place for tourists at this point.  I won't go back except to sit at the bar.  There are too many excellent Mexican places in Chicago to wait in line to eat here, or even to not wait in line.Go here now, stop reading the reviews and go here now.  Everything is amazing.Just make sure you make a reservation, or else you'll have to wait!Went here mid-January. My BF and I had reservations a week in advance, and ended up getting into town a little later than expected and dealing with an unexpected last-minute housing/hotel crisis - so before we knew it we were an hour late for our reservation on a Saturday night. We called to see if we could still make it, and the receptionist - sounding a bit huffy and annoyed - told us that we'd be welcome as walk-in customers. We expected to wait a long time for a table - but when we got there, we didn't even have time to order a drink at the bar before our table was ready. Service was just OK. Our waiter took probably 10 minutes to greet us, then another 15-20 to deliver our drinks (it was busy, but still...) and a really long time to close our check. The banquette tables are almost uncomfortably close to each other - a neighboring diner's backside grazed the top of my cocktail as he was returning from the bathroom (...eww). The food was better than I had expected. I had a tamarind margarita, which was interesting. We split the ceviche trio and chips/salsa as apps. After living in Peru, I'm hypercritical when it comes to ceviche - I would give it a 4/5. One was phenomenal, one was really good, and the other was nothing special. For entrees, I had the pork loin with a red chile sauce and my BF had the duck in a winter mole. Both were delicious. We left really full. The price point was fair. I'd go back.Traded Troisgros, Roanne, France for @Rick_Bayless Xoco, Frontera Grill, and Tortas Frontera at O'hare.  A bright way to turn a miserable United flight connection trouble.  Friendly service, beautiful spices.  Wish there is one in SF Bay area.I must say THE best Mexican food I have had outside of Mexico. I went there on a date who promised me that I would enjoy it since I was complaining I haven't had good Mexican cuisine since I used to live in L.A. The decor is colourful and lively, and even on frigid Wednesday night it was jam packed. Reservations are a must, though, there is a bar in the next room which is just as packed for waiting. I saw people of all ages and in all group settings come from laid-back rocker types to business men and women in suits. The guacamole was perfect, and the ceviche Yucanteco and the ceviche Fronterizo (my fav!) were not too acidic. Their margaritas are made with fresh squeezed lime juice, not the typical sirop mix they sell in the stores, which is a definite palette pleaser. The tamales as well were delicious and served in authentic banana leaves. All in all, it was a very pleasant meal and all the dishes were beautifully served. Service too, was impeccable. I would definitely return for a good quality Mexican meal."Just the facts, Ma'am."OK, without too much emotional judgment, here are the facts from our dinner at Frontera Grill on Feb 2602009:Our party of three was seated in the worst location the restaurant offers, and we had a reservation. Seated and very cramped, we found a dish the size of a tablespoon filled with herbed nuts. Literally not even enough for one handful. This was supposed to be shared by the entire group (we were three). I kept thinking to myself, doesn't EVERY mexican place offer at the very least a basket of chips and salsa? NOPE. Nope and NOPE.Our order was taken by someone that seemed more disinterested by his duties than we were with the paltry dish of nuts. It only gets worse. Our experience is somewhat improved by a few drinks. Cold Negro Modelo and Pacifico are a pleasure whatever the circumstances. This, however, was fleeting. Our food arrived.Since when do you call Fajitas, Tacos? Two of us ordered the steak tacos. When it arrived, here is what was presented: One bowl of bean soup, a small cask of tortillas and the woeful, fatty, mini pile of finely sliced steak (or was that horse meat, not sure) and peppers (peppers?). That's it.How did tacos become bean soup, meat shreds and peppers? Is this authentic Mexican? Is Rick Bayless insane? Is he kidding me?!!Worst sit-down dinner I have had in Chicago in a long time. I couldn't even eat the tacos because I kept having to spit out the fatty meat shreds. Sorry to gross you out here. It's making me nauseous just thinking about it again. Wow, what a let down.These are the facts. You can make your own judgements. I made mine: never go back to Frontera Grill. The best Mexican food is not someone else's version of "authentic" or "gourmet". The best Mexican food is the kind you make yourself at home, the way you like it. Mexican food should never be expensive. It's not meant to be. It's supposed to be simple, it's Mexican. (Beans, meat, veggies, tortillas) Simple.Rick, I'm sorry, but you disappointed me completely. I won't be back alone or with anyone else. I'll take Trader Joe's taquitos, manchego cheese and avocado made at home any day over the disappointment I got at Frontera Grill.Adios.We decided to embrace the line and wait for a table.  We chatted it up in the bar with like minded customers while drinking exactly 2 margaritas before we were rewarded with a table.   It was fun and we met an interesting couple from Chicago.  My first drink was the classic Fontera Margarita.  YES, you should get one!  Then I had a beautiful champagne enhanced margarita as the second.  It was very light and didn't overpower me.  Before we knew it our light flashed, we were seated , and our meal lay before us in all its splendor.  started with: *fresh bay oysters  served with  a choice of either tomatillo-habanero "minoeta" or smokey chipolte-garlic salsa  LOVED LOVED LOVED   preferred them just with lime squeeze/ but they were good with the salsa as well   We wanted to maximize our experience and taste as much as possible.  If you feel the same way order from the trios available on the menu  and share with your table mate.  We did and  we left fully satisfied with our approach.  We ordered the following entrees: *Old School Frontera Trio   -Smoked Chicken Taquitos (2 pieces) (wanted more they were so good)  -Mexico City Style corn masa  quesediallas (order these if you brought kids)  -classic ceviche tostados (melts in your mouth/pops with freshness)*Mole Trio  -mole pablano enchiladas (don't pass on the mole it is unforgettable)  -grilled-seared pork manchamateles (mmmmmmm)  -roasted vegetables-in green pumpkin seed mole (what a surprise / loved it)So happy we made it there and stayed to enjoy the night.  Please don't let the line intimidate/discourage you from putting your name on the wait list .  Dive into the bar and embrace the experience.Everyone who lives, visits, or stops through Chicago always wants to try this place because of all the hype. So after living in Chicago for quite awhile my boyfriend and I, along with another couple, finally decided to head over on a Thursday night. We were all extremely underwhelmed and disappointed. The food was mediocre at best, the portions are laughable, and the service was not up to par for a meal that cost the amount of money we spent. The salsa is a joke. I thought we would be given enough for the entire table or atleast enough for one person. The salsa was served in two small plates and the serving size was about a tablespoon of each salsa. It was ridiculous. Not to mention they gave us barely any chips. I guess you don't need that many when the salsa portion is barely a spoonful. I ordered fish in Yucatecan Escabeche. It was tasteless and unseasoned. I also ordered the Traditional black beans. They tasted like they came straight out of a can and/ or sat under a heat lamp for way too long.At the beginning of our meal our waiter was noticeably getting mad because we were not ready to order after he had come by twice. We were just talking and catching up we didn't realize as soon as we sat down we were going to be rushed through our meal. It was really rude. He also was not happy when we did not decide to get dessert. It was a little inappropriate.Everyone else was just as disappointed as I was. We were just expecting more from such a well-known and raved-about restaurant from a celebrity chef. There are a lot of drink choices. I had the rhubarb margarita and was not that impress but everyone else was really happy with their drinks. I can now say I went but unfortunately I will not be returning. Big waste of money.Mexican is definitely among my favorites when it comes to choosing a cuisine. I was very excited when we got the chance to go to lunch at Frontera Grill. We had tried the little outpost inside the Macy's, so I knew what was coming my way and was ready to dive in. It has been quite a while since our visit, so I don't remember everything that we ordered. My cocktail was one of the fresh cocktails of the day. Yes, it was pricey, but it was worth every sip. We split the guacamole to start. I do keep a list (yelp.com/list/great-guac…) so ordering guacamole went without question. Looking at the pictures from our trip, it appears I ordered the el pastor.Neither my husband nor I were dissatisfied with our meals. The service wasn't super speedy, but the restaurant was quite busy when we were there so we weren't surprised. While the meal was among some of our pricier meals, it was expected, especially for the city.I don't get it. The food we had was just not good, let alone great. The service was no bueno either. I love XOCO, but Frontera Grill felt like all hype and no substance.This place is all hype and reputation. If this place did not have the Rick Bayless stamp on it then it would probably not do too well.The only positive I can mention about this place is the drinks... which were all refreshing and unique... but pricey.My friends showed up at 5pm to put our name in... they told us it would be a 3 hour wait for a table. Simply ludicrous. I ordered the Brisket Fundido tacos. They were so greasy I could literally spoon grease out of the skillet that it was presented in. The grease was dripping down my hands and all over my fingers. Not exactly attractive when you're with a large group of friends. Mexican food is should be simple, not complex. The novelty of this place will wear fast on you.Every time I visit frontera it becomes an experience that I always remember. The menu changes and the staff is super friendly. The drinks are expensive but worth it. Everything is top notch, high quality and fresh with flawless execution. Sometimes the wait is really long, but the drinks help pass the time. I visit bi-annually, which is not nearly enough.As a 1st generation Mexican-American this place was a real treat.  I found my way here because  Alexandra Guarnaschelli from the Food Network plugged this spot on the show "Best Thing I Ever Ate".  The verdict?  GUILTY.  The Carne asada a la Oaxaquena was to die for.  Perfectly cooked, perfect amount of heat, the plantains balanced the heat and added that sweetness to the savory.  The black beans sit there as filler but they too were fantastic.  Authentic?  I couldn't say.  Gourmet?  UHH YEAH.  10/10I had been dying to go here for a few years, and finally managed to convince my boyfriend to take me for my birthday.  He was a bit stunned when he called for a reservation and found that they're not open on Sundays or Mondays AND don't take reservations.  He was instructed to line up outside the restaurant at 4:15 to have a shot at a reservation for that night.So...that's what we did.  Actually, we arrived at about 4:45 making us about 50th in line.  They opened the doors at 5:00 and once we made it to the front the wait for two was up to 1 and a half hours.  We expected as much though, so we headed to the bar for drinks.  FABULOUS drinks.  I got something champagne based and the bf got a mango mojito.  Both excellent.We got a great table outside and enjoyed great appetizers.  The main course was slow to arrive, but we were in no hurry in the great weather, and our server was very polite about it.  The bf's chicken dish was waaaaay better than my pork dish, but both were tasty.  Prices aren't outrageous either, at about $22 for most entrees.  I don't know if I'd go back, but I'm definitely glad I went.  Very enjoyable dining experience!I went to Frontera not long after Rick Bayless won on Top Chef Masters, so we anticipated waiting quite a while.  Which we did - Frontera does not take reservations.  HOWEVER, that is my only complaint; this was the best meal I have had in a long time.We started out with the summer margarita - delicious.  We also got the trio ceviche and guacamole as appetizers. It was all nothing short of amazing. As an entree, I got a salmon dish - I can't even describe the joy it brought me.  My friend got the Milanesa de Puerco and really enjoyed it. I can't say enough about the meal we had at Frontera. The next time in Chicago, I am b-lining it there.Well Rick has been on TV a lot... And so on our trip to Chicago (from Texas), we thought we'd give Mr. Bayless a try. I was really gunning for the mole, which I can say was great. But the rest of the meal was just so-so. I'm mean the flavors were OK, but nothing that changed my perspective of the cuisine, or for that matter it was not all that different from the (better) Mexican restaurants back home. I thought the drinks were good, but a little on the small side for the price. Bottom line: I'm totally glad we went there, but it was not enough to get us to come back (especially with so many other restaurants in Chicago to try).Casual, lively and authentic.  I made reservations 6 weeks in advance and was only able to secure a 9PM reservation!   This place was hopping on a Thursday night at 9PM!  We started with the specialty drink - a Mexican Martini, perfect to start the evening.  I started with chips, salsa and guacamole.  My husband had the queso fundido - two kinds of cheese mixed with veggies and onions served with corn tortillas.  The salsas that came with the chips and the appetizer were amazing, the habenaro salsa was flavorful but HOTTTTTT.   The waiter warned us - he was right.  I ordered the Falda Asada "Brava" (skirt steak) it was cooked to perfection, served with grilled onions, tortillas and a sweet corn tamali.  I'm not a huge Mexican food fan, primarily because in California it's typically saucy and cheesy.  The flavors were in your face without assaulting you.  My husband had the Pozole de Frijol.  It was delicious.I found their Salsa at Albertsons - you'll never use another salsa again.  The Chipotle and double roasted salsa are my favorites.After reading the reviews, maybe my expectations were too high.  What I found was as a vegetarian, there was pretty much no options on the menu.  They made us some special enchilada item and we were told that the only vegetarian option was the mole sauce.  I HATE mole sauce.For my friend and I, we totally did not think it was worth the high price with the limited options.It's not like there are only 2 vegetarians out in a city like Chicago.  Wake up and smell the veggies!!Rick Bayless, I would be happy if your food was my last meal!I would fly from NY to Chicago just to eat here.  There is no question that this is THE BEST mexican food that we have ever eaten and we eat out alot!We had a 9:30pm reservation that one month ago.  We arrived at 9:10pm and our table was already available.  We started off with 2 margaritas.  R had the Blue Agave and I had the Mezcal which was STRONG!   Then Rob had the Mexican craft beer which was delicious.   As a wise man once said, life is too short to drink light beer.For appetizers we had the chips, salsa and guac.  There were 2 types of salsa - a green one and a spicy smokey red one.  I enjoyed all of them, but given that they give you salsa with the other apps and the entrees and chips came with the ceviche, I would not order the chips, salsa and guac next time.In addition to the above, (we have to gorge because how often do you get to eat such amazing food), we had the ceviche trio and the gorditas carnitas.  The trio was good, tasty and tart while the gorditas WAS AMAZING.  Probably one of the best mexican dishes I've had (and I am salivating thinking about it now). For entrees, we had the chicken mole which had a very unique coconut based mole sauce and very tender chicken.  R had the steak which I could not stop eating.  If we did not try R's steak, the chicken would have been my favorite dish but the steak was extremely flavorful.We wish we had room for dessert but by this time, we were beyond stuffed!Excellent meal. I'd never thought of Mexican food as brunch-y, or gourmet, but this was a really nice mix of both. My boyfriend and I shared two dishes and were quite full. I forget the name of mine, but it was listed under the Specialties and consisted of fried egg, tortilla, plantains, black beans, and tomato sauce. SO delish!!I admit, I'm not sure we would have felt as satisfied if we'd waited half an hour or more, but we were fortunate to walk in just as a table was being cleared.I made a reservation here back in April for my husbands 30th. We're huge Mexican fans and every other Rick Bayless place has been a success so we were very excited. We arrived around 8:15 for our 9pm reso and went to the bar. We were surprised to get seated at 8:30 before our cocktails were even ready. The champagne marg might be my new favorite cocktail...I need to replicate it at home. The food was awesome as we expected. We had chips and salsa and some pork flauta things that were good. For entrees I had the halibut and my husband had the flank steak and we shared. The halibut had a great smoky grill flavor. The portions were perfect...not massive and teeny tiny foodie portions either. The service was good up until it was bill time. The same thing happened to us at Topolo.....the server seemed to disappear after the food is served. He never came back to make sure everything tasted ok and we sort of had to flag him down when we were done. This place also seems like a tourist trap. We felt like we were the only people that actually lived in Chicago that were dining here.  Once we left (around 10ish) there were a ton of open tables. Next time I want to come here I'll make it a late dinner so that I don't have to call 3 months in advance.It lived up to the hype.  The inside was surprisingly casual.  The place was hoppin all night.  They told us it was a 2 -2.5 hour wait, but actually ended up being a little over an hour.food:trio of ceviches:  delicious.  the ahi and mango one was my fav, followed by the shrimp ceviche.  There was some other ceviche that i dont remember what was in it.  it was some sort of white fish.  it was ok, but not the best.  it was lacking in ruffage.entree:  Garlic-marinated Maple Creek pork loin with a serrano chili broth, caramelized onions, sun-dried tomatoes and bacon. Queso anejo mashed potatoes, golden chayote.  really, really good!!  pork was tender and flavorful and the potatoes were to die for.  i honestly dont remember what dessert we had, but it was delicious.  mexican hot chocolate:  just as it should be.  spicy and rich.  perfect way to end a meal.rhubarb margarita:  Rhubarb, chili, lime, rye whiskey.  was good but was missing a little something.  needed some acid or something, which is odd because it had lime in it, and rhubarb is pretty tart.  was good, but was expensive, and i dont think i would order it again.service:Our service was prompt and exact, but our waiter was not especially personable and did not make eye contact when speaking with you.  He wasn't not-nice, but was not a memorable part of the evening.I am glad i got to knock this one off the list.  Next time i am back in town, i would like to try Tomplabambo, which is right next door.  recommended.Had their house special ceviche which was very tasty and not too citric.  For entree, the halibut was fresh but the filet was pretty thin.  Husband had the Thursday night goat special which was really tender and the cheesy mac'n cheese was heavenly.I found the waiter a bit rude as he only asked my husband how his dinner was and didn't even give me any eye contact.  Hello!  I was the one paying.Got there at 11am on a Saturday, they just opened at 10:30 and we were seated right away. Everything was exceptional from start to finish. It was a perfect start to our Chicago vacation.Love Frontera. I've dined here quite a few times, and everything is always sooo delicious.  Their menu is seasonal, but staples are the amazing guacamole (occasionally with sundried tomatoes thrown in) and margaritas.  Before leaving Chicago, I went back to Frontera for a final hurrah, and had the Enchiladas de Pato al Pasilla which were amazing.  If you're a Chicago Foodie, or even just visiting Chicago, definitely bookmark Frontera...but remember that they don't take reservations and the wait can quickly reach 3 hours (especially on the weekends)!!I had anticipated this visit ever since I saw Mr. Bayless on TC Masters, so I didn't mind the two-hour wait.  And I knew what I wanted even before I got there, so when we were seated, I glanced through the menu just so I didn't seem like an overeager maniac and ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano.So did it meet my expectations?  Hard to say.  The mole was good... a little sweet and a little savory.  Did it knock my socks off?  Sadly, no.  The same goes for the homemade tortilla (don't get me wrong, I liked it) and the chicken.  It just didn't leave me feeling amazed.  I think part of it had to do with the fact that the dish came out at room temperature and I wanted it piping hot.  I know it's an enchilada and not a fajita, but I wanted the sizzling effect of a fajita.Overall, not bad by any means.  Good food and good service.  I just wouldn't wait two hours again.My girlfriend took me here for my birthday.  We got there a little before the 5pm opening and were near the front of the line that continued to build behind us.  They opened the doors 5-10 minutes late, and it was really cold, so that bothered some people, but I was pretty excited.  We went expecting a multiple hour wait, but were told 25 minutes, so we got some drinks at the bar and were seated pretty quickly.  We tried a few different types of margaritas, which were all delicious, my favorite being the Blue Agave.The best thing I ate all night, and one of the best bites I have ever had, was next: Sopes Rancheros.  What a great appetizer.  The shredded beef and sauce on the cornbread-like boat was absolutely incredible.  The other appetizer we had was disappointing, the Queso Fundido de Pollo Ahumado.  The smoked flavor of the chicken was a bit overwhelming and the cheese was very drab.  Our entrees, Pollo en Mole Amarillo and Falda Asada "Brava", were both very good.  The flank steak of the latter was my second favorite thing of the night.Oh, also the salsas were absolutely delicious, definitely worth getting.We ended the night with the flan, which tasted very standard, nothing to differentiate it from other flan I've had previously.Overall it was a great experience.  The lack of a 5th star can be attributed to only one real "wow" and the cramped atmosphere.Went for lunch, and it seemed the menu was basically the same as in Topolobampo at this time.  Was pretty full but tables were available, which I'm told is not the case at dinner time.We had the appetizer sampler, of which the epazote Mexico-city style quesadillas (more like cheese empanadas than quesadillas), and the jicama/pineapple/cucumber salad were the standouts.  The rest was just ok, i'm not really a fan of Mexican-style ceviche (no coconut milk). The Florida shrimp in mojo entree was really delicious, with celery root 'noodles' that was similar to the jicama salad but very good as well. The mashed potatoes and salad were pretty flavorless and unnecessary in comparison, but the noodles & shrimp made for delicious tacos.Also the tres camotes soup was very interesting twist on typical butternut squash soup with wheatberries and sunchokes giving an interesting and unusual flavor.  Unfortunately it wasn't served especially hot on this very cold day in Chicago.But by far the best part of the meal was the dessert.Duo of flans, one was pistachio, the other a vanilla with apricots soaked in brandy really stole the show.  It went great with a cafe de olla, which is coffee with orange zest, cinnamon, cloves & piloncillo (brown sugar).Service was also excellent and helpful.All in all, I cleaned every plate and there were definitely other things on the menu I would like to try.This place is amazing! The food not only is delicious and authentic but it is not too expensive vs. other restaurants that have lower quality. We ordered guacamole, salsa, chips, tinga, beans, rice, cebollitas, tamales and drinks and everything was excellent and tasty. My only room for improvement for this place was half of the dessert I had. I had the dos flanes desserts and the normal flan was delicious but the chocolate flan thought wasn't as good or authentic but you could say it was creative (a flan with mint???). I would love to come back and try the whole menu.Here's the run down:1. Cerviche 5 stars: If you have a hard time figuring out which one to get try the trio sampler, although my favorite was the albacore. Not as much of a fan of the red tuna (tasted like guacamole) or squid cerviche (too spicy)2. Casa asada 5 stars: tender and flavorful. nothing else needs to be said about this dish. you need to try it. 3. Mole 5 stars: perfect mole. I love mole...so some bias here.4. Guacomole 4 stars: had better although some claim it's the best here.The non alcoholic drinks could be stronger but than again I ordered a drink at noon. Maybe they didnt realize I was already drunk? I guess thats not there fault. Try the green mole. Its the best dish on the menu IMO. As far as resturaunt mole goes this is the best I have had. Unfortunatly I have had better. Hellloooo married to a Mexican, Duh. Service was on point.After waiting for at least a year to try this place, I was finally able to make a reservation and check out Rick Bayless' famous restaurant on my most recent trip back to Chicago! Being a huge foodie, of course I would have to try out a Top Chef restaurant!The decor and music makes the whole experience all the more fun. We were seated promptly and service was great. Our drinks (mojito and magarita) were prepared wonderfully as well!But now onto the food...we ordered two entree: Poc Chuc de Puerco and Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena. Both were suggestions from our server and absolutely delicious! There was more than enough food for the two of us and the prices are very reasonable!The one regret I have is not ordering the Ceviche sampler, as many a table had one! There's always next time...Yum Yum Yum! I have officially tried all 3 (Topo, Xoco, and now Frontera Grill) and I would vote this the best of the 3 though Xoco is close after.Food and drinks are delicious, but I can't give it a 5 because of how long you have to wait and the fact that it is a bit overpriced. I felt a little ridiculous waiting in line at 4:50 to get in at 5:00, but we figured we have to try it sometime! We were about 20th in line and we were told we could sit at 5:50. I wasn't super excited about that, but we were able to hang out by the bar and drink some delicious margaritas so it ended up being OK.The food is very good. We got the Queso Fundido clasico which was excellent. I ordered the carnitas atun which was excellent as well. It came with this really good coleslaw and black beans. I would DEFINITELY get that again, and there were a number of items on the menu that had me drooling, so I will have to venture back. Do note that they said they DO now take reservations, however they book out months in advance. I think we will go that route when we go next.Have to say, for New Year's Eve, this was a great choice.  $85 per person gave us five (5) appetizers, a choice of entree from their "Best of 2011," and three desserts.  I was pretty surprised that the celeb chef himself was in the house, as I figured he would have better places to be on NYE, but it was nice to see.While I expected the appetizers to be more of small tastings, they were definitely well-sized, as my wife and I were pretty full before our entrees came.  Guacamole, pork empanadas, shrimp & scallop ceviche, a delicious soup the name of which I can't remember, and a turkey & onion frizzled-string taco dish that was one of the more unique and delicious things I've had in a long time.For entrees, we had the pork tenderloin and the carne asada, the latter of which had a nice heat to it.  Desserts were decent, but not my cup of tea; not being much of a dessert eater, I"m pretty picky when I do decide to have something.  (As my father once grandly stated, "Why would I have dessert when I can have another pork chop?")  A coconut flan, a tequila-lime marshmallow cake of some sort, and a chocolate-passion fruit torte were lined up on a plate and well-sized and attractive,My only complaints were with some of the minor details unrelated to the food.  The mariachi band was a bit overly loud, making conversation difficult at times.  The interior wall next to our table had a four-inch gouge in it that needed repairs.  The waitstaff was very nice and friendly overall, but the hostess seemed only partially interested in helping customers and directing where people should go.  I had to ask where to get my coat back, since the coat check woman was nowhere to be found.  The hostess then took my coat check tag, walked about four feet, and proceeded to stop and have a conversation with another employee for about five minutes.  Meanwhile, my wife and I, and another couple, are crowded in the entryway waiting for our coats so we can leave. In general, I would return, and the food was excellent, but a few tweaks to the service would go a long way.Frontera was good.  The food was good.  The service was good.  The ambiance was good.  But that's really all I can say.  It was all good.  Nothing exceptional or particularly noteworthy.Don't get me wrong, I'll go again to continue sampling the menu, but given all the rave reviews, inability to make reservations and multi-hour long waits to get a table, I thought I'd be peeing my pants with excitement as I ate!  Alas, I enjoyed my meal (I had the Pescado en Pipian de Almendra)... but as I left the restaurant, I didn't have that excitement level that I had expected.I do respect what Rick Bayliss can do with a chili, and the presentation and flavors in my dish were very enjoyable.  Perhaps I need to go back and sample a wider variety of items to see if my opinion changes.I definitely think Frontera is a worthwhile restaurant, but I would most certainly not waste more than 45 minutes of my time waiting for a table.  There are just too many other great restaurants in the area!On a recent trip to Chicago, I was absolutely dying to try Frontera, so it was my first stop after my boyfriend and I dropped our bags off at the hotel.  After several futile attempts to make a reservation (or even get someone to answer the phone), I resigned myself to the fact that we would have to walk in at put our name on the list.  We arrived at 9:15 and were quoted 2.5 hours, which was ridiculous, but I guessed it would be much shorter than that and we stayed (and I was right, we were seated around 10:30).  We headed off to the bar, of course - Pacifico for him, margarita for me.  The margarita was very good, but nothing to write home about.Once we were seated, we immediately placed an order for - what else? - guacamole.  Wow - I loves me some guac and I'm kind of a snob about it, but this is fantastic.  We followed it up with a ceviche trio, which was fresh and delicious.  I ordered a glass of sangria (unbelievably good) to enjoy with my duck tacos, which could not have been more perfectly cooked and were wonderfully flavorful.  Solid meal all around.Note on the service: the bartenders were very meh.  After being forced to move to a different side of the bar after basically being shoulder-checked by a creepy guy who was trying to hit on two very drunk girls, the other bartender seemed less than thrilled to take our order for our second round, even suggesting that I walk back to the other side to talk to the original bartender.  Our server Maria, however, was absolutely fantastic.  She was friendly, attentive, and knew the menu cold.Def in my top 5 fav restaurants in Chicago.1. Getting a reservation:what a lot of ppl don't know is that they do take reservations! Just have to make them a good 3-4 weeks in advance. I've had Rez probably 9 of the 10 times I've been here. Otherwise eat a light lunch and go for the open bar seating at 5/5:302. Ambience is creative, tasteful, and keeps in line w e Mexican theme. 3. FOOD: everything is amazing! Where to start??  Apps:  Guac is amazing, love the Flautas de pato, the tamales r better than the ones I ate off the street in Mexico city (no joke)...all the flavors are always perfectly balanced!Salad/Soup: have no idea because why waste the space in your stomach?!Entrees: they rotate seasonally, some of my last favorites were the camarones with tomatillo arroz and the slow cooked pork. Current fav is the golden tile with pipian de almendra. The fish was wood grilled to perfection-could taste the smokiness, and it was perfectly complemented by that Pipian!Dessert: YOU MUST GET THE BUÑUELOS DE VIENTO aka "donuts of wind" they are light and perfect with a blood orange purée...AMAZING!!Rick Bayless will you marry me?A 90 minute wait on a Friday night but we were sat sooner because my wife is pregnant and she was standing that entire time. I had the steak, wife had the duck enchiladas (she loved them). Great sauces, reasonable prices. Wish the beer selection was a little better though I understand this is not the beverage of choice for most people at this restaurant.Rick Bayless has to be one of the godfathers of Mexican food in America!  Which seems odd for a guy from Oklahoma, but hey, whatever works.  Frontera is the casual side of his restaurant in Chicago (next door to the high end Topolobampo).  We had had a truly phenomenal meal at his LA outpost, Red O, so we figured we would give the Chicago branch a try, and it did not disappoint!We started our evening with the Topolo margarita for me and champagne margarita for the Mrs.  Both were nicely prepared and definitely different from your generic lime-infused margarita you find in most Mexican joints.For dinner, we had a range of the appetizers and street food, including:The Hurrache, which may have been the highlight of the whole meal, a thick and crunchy hand made masa cake grilled to get smoky bits on it, then covered with shredded carne asada, grilled vegetables, greens and cheese - imagine a tostada on steroids and you have a very faint idea of how good this dish was!Goat Barbacoa Queso Fundido (don't go yech!) - one of the most unusual and tasty queso renditions we have had, with the usual chorizo replaced by a savory goat and tomato stew with onions and peppers, MMMM!Ceviche Trio - three very unique interpretations of this classic, including a tuna, mango and avacado mix that reminded us of Hawaiian poke, a shellfish and cucumber version, and an albacore and tomato version - all tasty and refreshing!There were probably 20 other dishes on the menu we could have eaten, and given how well the food we did eat was executed, I'm sure the others would have been equally excellent.  Guess we'll have to come back on our next visit to the Windy City.Atmosphere is nothing special here - certainly a far cry from the hip buzz of Red O.  Topolobambo may be different (we didn't go in), but I'd recommend this spot for the food more than the atmosphere.In town for a conference, a coworker all but begged to eat dinner here the first night. I am glad she twisted our arms! There was a short wait for a table so we all hit up the bar. I had a mango-basil mojito and my fiance had a margarita. Both delicious and refreshing. There were six of us so we started off with two guacamole appetizers, the Frontera and the bacon and chive. Both came with just-made chips (that, indeed, tasted just made) and were delicious. Thankfully I had enough room for dinner because it was ah-may-zing. I had the shrimp in spring green cream. I have no idea what the "shoots salad" is that was on top of the shrimp but I could eat it every day. It was a very generous portion which makes my fiance's order, the beef barbacoa enchiladas, even smaller. Thankfully he also ordered green rice, because the enchiladas were quite wee. My coworker and I also split the "venemous" pintos, which came with queso, chorizo and bacon ... yummmmmm.Thank goodness we had a bit of a walk back to the hotel, as my full tummy definitely needed time to settle!excellent food.  i go here often.  almost always get the queso fundido clasico appetizer.  perfect for 2 people.  ask for the habanero salsa.  usually they look at you like youre insane but do it.  just a little drop will make your head explode but its so perfect.  great flavor for something so spicy.blue agave margarita is great.  i almost always get the daily special. never been disappointed with it.  prices are a little high but not for anything of similar stature.only wish rick was more friendly to his fans and patrons.Beer:Marisol Frontera's signature beer brewed by local brewery Goose Island. It's a Belgian style wheat ale brewed with citrus and coriander. It's fruity & creamy with a crisp finish (according to the menu). It was good, refreshing, and I'd get it again. I'm not a beer expert so I don't know how else to describe it.Food:Street Food Trio - $19.75Potosinas (fresh cheese, avocado, crema, Tamzula) - this one was my least favorite out of the trio. I don't know what Tamzula is, so it must've been the Tamzula that made me not like the potatoes.Skirt steak pellizcadas (smoked cheese, balsamic, chipotle) - Very good! It was small, but super flavorful. You can definitely taste the chipotle. The meat was soft, and it was just yummy overallSopes (shredded beef, roasted tomato, green chile) - Also very good. Pops with flavor!The amount of food in the street food trio isn't much. There are two of each dish but they're all very bite sized. Oaxacan style carne asada - $29.50 red chile-marinated Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak. Black beans, sweet plantains with homemade crema, guacamole.Holy moly! This is the most expensive and the tastiest carne asada ever. So yummy! =) The angus steak was very tender, well marinated. Not too salty. The plantains were perfectly cooked and the crema was the perfect topping.I'll definitely be back to try more of Rick Bayless' genius dishes. =)I'm a big Rick Bayless fan, and love both Topo and Frontera Grill! The drinks, food, and service are always top notch! Be warned: both Topo and Frontera book out WAY in advance (like 8 weeks or more). And while Fronterra does accept walk-ins, be prepared to wait. Without fail, there is always a line to get into Frontera about 45 minutes to one hour before the doors actually open! It is however, well worth the wait!It was a pretty good experience and the guacamole is to die for.On a recent trip to Chicago we decided to have dinner here on a Thursday night hoping that the wait wouldn't be ridiculously long. We were pleasantly surprised that the wait was only an hour for a party of two which I think is pretty decent compared to the other wait times I saw in other yelp reviews here is the break down of our menu selections. Drinks5 stars had the Agua Fresca of the day which was this wonderful concoction of pineapple, mango, fresh mint, tequila and jalapeno (yes jalapeno, it added a nice touch of spice). Appetizer4 Stars Cheese quesadilla, which actually looked like empanadas and were delicious and the guacamole and salsas served with them were great. Dinner2 Stars I had the Ocean Trout on the recommendation of our server the fish was okay too much sauce for my taste and the black bean rice was dry and lacked taste. Desert3 Stars Blueberry bread pudding was tasty but I have had better and it lacked a sauce. 4 stars mexican hot chocolate was wonderful and tasted the way my Nana would make it. Noteworthy: The fresh tortillas are awesome!!Not much more I can say about Frontera or Rick Bayless that hasn't been said in the 233 previous reviews: yes, the food, the drink, the space and the service are that good.What I CAN add though, is a suggestion: a weekend brunch or lunch instead of a dinner is a great deal here, and a fantastic way for us pedestrian folk to experience the delicious love without having to break the bank.Don't forget to call (way) ahead for a reservation!I came here for Saturday brunch last weekend and was very impressed. Called around 10am to make a reservation for noon but earliest time available was 1pm - not too bad.The waiter pushed us into ordering drinks with breakfast - which at first was kind of irritating but ended up being good advice. I had a michelada, with beer, lime juice, bloody mary mix, and a spiced rim on the glass.. nice! Good for that great drinkin'-in-the-morning pick me up!For apps, we got the "Mexico City" style quesadillas, which were not tortilla-based like one might expect but little nuggets of corn flour goodness filled with cheese. Mmmm! We also got the tostaditas - tortilla chips - which was a drag to have to pay for, yeah, but $2.75, a lot of chips for two people, and great salsas!For an entree I got the huevos fronterizos, and they were amazing - really tasty sausage on a crumbly, southern-style biscuit with perfectly-done eggs. Mmm!The space was also amazingly cool - bright colors, cool art on the walls - the bar area was especially striking. Cool place, great food, reasonably priced for brunch.I had the chicken mole enchiladas.  They seemed a bit dry, and could have used a little more something.  Not sure.  Everyone else I was with seemed to like their food.  The drinks were P R I C E Y.Disappointed is the only word I can describe my experience.  Ever since I watched Master Chef, I've been wanting to try one of Rick Bayless's restaurants, and since I couldn't get a reservation at topolobampo, we decided to just go as a walk in to frontera grill.  Waited for about an hour to be seated.Inside was super noisy.  We had the ceviche trio, and all three were disappointing for one reason or another.  Either too bland or too acidic or something else.  The fronterizo was probably the best one but it certainly doesnt stand to compete with other ceviches I've had at restaurants or at other people's homes. Then we had the enchilada de mole poblano and another dish I can't even remember.  The mole is not as complex in flavor as it should be.  Seriously, there are other mexican restaurants in chicago that have more flavorful and balanced dishes for much less money.Don't believe the hype, take your money somewhere else.  Maybe topolopambo is better but after frontera grill, I'm in no rush to get a reservation at topo.This was my second time at Frontera Grill, but with many years in between visits it almost felt new again. When in a foreign city, I hardly ever revisit a restaurant. It is a testament to the food at Frontera to say I would dine here each and every time I visit the windy city.We checked in with the host/manager, a grumpy old man who seemed irritated we were even bothering him for a table. After being seated, the service got significantly better. Our server was helpful and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. We were looking to try one of the famous Bayless moles, and he suggested several dishes. The food was delicious, from start to finish. The server recommended ordering one small plate and one entrée per person, but it ended up being too much food. We were eager to try many things, but beware of the upselling. Each dish we tasted was better than the previous, with the highlight being a duck breast in a dark mole made with bananas.Since I practically live in Mexico (San Antonio, TX), I see and eat my fair share of the cuisine. Frontera, however, elevates and gives new meaning to the term Mexican food.After having seen a Frontera Grill at O'Hare, I had very low expectations for this place.  However, midway through the meal (funny - get the double airport mention?  I'm a geek, I know), I thought to myself, "wow - what a gem."Food - let's just say, the bonuses started with homemade tortillas and went from there.  Innovative, tasty, with flavors that are well matched.Scene - it was early happy hour, but still interesting.  Good music, too.  Salsa - very fun.Location - at the south end of clark, this is a great spot for anybody down this direction.  There are others, but this is a fav.Staff - helpful.  quick.  do their job so well you don't really notice them.  Nice. Overall, good place.  Very solid food.  Good vibe.  I give it a four.Both the husband and I ate here years ago and agreed that at the time, the food and the overall experience were highly over-rated. But...we decided to give it a shot anyway on a trip back to Chicago and were pleasantly surprised! Maybe it was the extremely low expectations, but although the service was pretty slow (we had early reservations and the place was not full when we sat down), the food was memorable and absolutely delicious! We started off by sharing the guacamole with chips - simply done and so good! I had the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena - perfectly seasoned and they got my medium rare request exactly right. Husband had the Pescado a la Campechana (it was snapper that day), which was near the top of the list of the best fish dishes I've tasted.A bit of tragedy: since we were staying at a nearby hotel w/ full kitchen, I happily boxed up my left-overs with dreams of a nice snack the next day. Unfortunately, I forgot to put it in the refrigerator and ended up having to toss everything the next morning. I'm still trying to forgive myself. In any case, this place is definitely worth a visit.We were in Chicago the weekend before our anniversary, so we decided to have a big night out while we were in town. I've been wanting to try Frontera Grill the next time we were in Chicago, so we made sure it happened. We arrived at 4pm to line up, but there was no line yet. We walked around until about 4:30 and came back and were the third party in line. By the time the doors opened a little after 5 the line was around the block, so I'd say we had pretty good timing.All the drinks we had were delicious, my favorite being the champagne margarita. It did however pack quite the punch - I don't think I would have remembered the night if I had more than one.We ordered the bacon guac, shrimp pillows, carne asada, mole trio, and flan dessert between the two of us. Everything was delicious, but the star for me were the sweet plantains with sour cream that came on the side of my carne asada - best. plantains. ever. I could have made a meal out of just this little side. Everything else was pretty perfect - great flavors and prepared perfectly. It was a solid meal, but the thing I'll really remember is the plantains.I wish I could give the 5th star, but thebestplantainsever unfortunately don't quuuiiite warrant it.I went for lunch with some coworkers (had a reservation; we were seated promptly and courteously). The atmosphere is bright and noisy, with colorfully painted walls and artwork.  If you're the type who feels a bit of sensory overload (as I do), you should opt for a later lunch; it was noticeably quieter by 2:00.We shared the ceviche trio as a starter, which for me was the highlight of the meal; very crisp fresh flavors in sweet and tangy marinades that complemented the natural taste of the seafood (cod, blue marlin, shrimp, and calamari) without overwhelming. Be warned that  because of the soupy nature of the ceviches (served with tortilla chips) they are slightly awkward to share and are ideal for 2, not more to share.  I would have happily kicked back the leftover ceviche juice like a shot, but held back because I was with our company president. (Sigh.)For my main course I got the fish of the day which was salmon, grilled perfectly, medium rare. I would have like the fish as it was with little adornment, however there was a cheese and mushroom sauce ladled (overly) generously over the fish.  The sauce was fine but reminiscent of a watered down cheese dip with mushrooms mixed in. It just wasn't the ideal complement for the salmon.  I enjoyed the accompanying arborio rice as well as the green beans, but wanted more than the dollop of greens provided.  (Healthy Hedonist likes her veggies!)  To complete my meal I chose the hot chocolate, and  unfortunately the supposedly "Oaxacan" style hot chocolate was overly milky with just the faintest hint of cocoa and a  pinch of cinnamon on top. This did not taste at all like the intensely cinnamonny hot chocolate I've had in Mexico, nor like the cocoa-rich concoctions typical of a fancy restaurant or good coffee shop.   A James Beard winner can surely pull out a better cocoa to end the meal on.This is the best food I've had in years.I got pork strips with black bean soup, cabbage pickled with lime juice, tomato and avocado.  The dish was simple, but all of the ingredients were so tasty and EXTREMELY fresh, this was truly a case of less being more.  Not that I EVER wanted to stop eating it oh my god!  The service was good.  The wait was long (2 hrs), but it was worth it.  Orgasmically (and organically) good.Ever been to an event with festival seating or sat on the lawn for a popular concert at an amphitheater? That mad rush of humanity when the gates first open is similar to the process for getting a table at Frontera Grill. Just Go before they open, wait in line, put your name in, and hit up the bar area for a drink and appetizer while you wait for your table.  The guacamole is excellent but really only big enough for two people. I loved their corn tortilla ships. We were there on a Wednesday and I had the daily special, Cochinita Pibil, which is achiote-marinated Maple Creek Farm suckling pig roasted in banana leaves. The dish itself is good stuff. Great flavor on the pork and not too dry. The side of black beans were a little bland but a touch of the hot sauce on the table spiced them up well.The server will likely warn you about the salsa served on the side and you would be smart to heed that warning. It is very spicy and a little bit goes a long way. They have a signature beer, a Belgian wheat, that is brewed for them by Goose Island. It's definitely worth a try for the beer drinkers in the group. Overall, the food was worth the trip and I appreciate the efforts Chef Bayless puts forth to bring quality meat and produce from local farms to his customers. I did knock off a star due to their seating system. Why not take reservations? The only two options shouldn't be standing in line in the hot sun 30-45 before the doors open, showing up right when they open and waiting 30 minutes for a table,  or showing up later and waiting 2+ hours for a table.We had just finished a weeklong convention, my co-workers and I were tired and hungry. I called Frontera at around 11am trying to make a reservation for about 1:30, they said they only accept walk-ins. So we walk in at the said time - there were about 5 tables open, but they said those were for guests with reservations. After about 10 minutes of waiting for the 2 hosts to seat us --- 4 of us settled for the counter (we all came home with stiff necks). The older gentlemen out front was definitely bordering mean. Because we were too tired to complain we just ordered. The food was wonderful!!! We forgot about the earlier meanness and just enjoyed the wonderful food. I ordered the Big Wood-grilled Tacos al Carbon Trio - it was truly, truly wonderful - I had enough leftovers for another big meal. My co-workers had the Shrimp in Oaxacan Green Mole with a side of plantains (still dreaming about this side one week after) - they absolutely loved it!Overall, the food was amazing, the servers were prompt and very kind, the host --- really snobbish.Absolutely adore this spot - so perfect for brunch after a night out. My experiences have been varied on service, but not on food - it is great. It is nuevo-Mexican, and done very well. Excellent presentation, style and flavor. Even the variation on service is between very good and great, so I'm not complaining.One of the things I like the range of spice levels offered, multiple salsa options from mild to spicy, but all flavorful, and dishes prepared with spiciness matching the ingredients. It is rare, and appreciated.I just wish they had more tables - make a reservation! It can be tough to get in, but totally worth it. This is a must stop for me when in Chicago.I went a while back to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Great food and great drinks (yummy margaritas), but I'll pass on describing all that.All I have to say is that Rick Bayless came out and we actually chatted with him for a bit at our table.  I was speechless and starstruck.  I felt like a teenager gushing over her pop idol, as I told Rick Bayless that I watched his show like it's a religion and love all his recipes.  I even made him sign a scrap piece of paper - I should've bought his book and had him sign that, but I was just so in awe.It's hard writing a review for a place that already has 500+Frontera was awesome, I got considerably smashed and food was very good.  Apparently this Rick Bayless guy is the real deal.  Upon asking the obligatory "What's the most popular item on the menu" question our server responded with "Our menu changes every 4 weeks."  It's pretty cool that they change the menu a lot and Frontera Grill is still popular.  After eating there I know why.Instead of ordering an entree my friend and I just ordered a bunch of small plates and for the most part, I love everything.  My favorite part about my visit were the drinks and by drinks I really mean Tequila shots and a shit ton of Margaritas.  I left sufficiently sated and drunk.  I recommend Frontera Grill for anyone that likes good quality Mexican food.I was afraid I might be disappointed with Frontera Grill.  I was worried that all the hype might ruin it somewhat.  Well, I was wrong.  Like many reviewers have mentioned, the lack of reservations is somewhat of a pain. However, after waiting outside in line, we put our name in, sat at the bar and enjoyed some darn good guacamole and seasonal cocktails, and the next thing we knew our table was ready.I'm a vegetarian and my husband a meat eater.  We both really enjoyed our meals.  My husband loved the Wednesday special (menu changes with the season) and I enjoyed my vegetarian dish (sorry, I've already forgotten the name).I truly appreciate their commitment to quality, local, organic ingredients, and it definitely comes through when taking that first bite.Tip - just have an early dinner and and get there before they open for the shortest wait.CEVICHE!!!!!!There, let this review require no verbal foreplay. (Wordplay?) Get it. The ceviche trio, that is. Fresh, succulent ... my mouth is watering just thinking about this stuff.I also had the tortilla soup, my friend had the pork entree (the mashed potatoes that accompanied it were sweet potatoes somehow INFUSED WITH BACON). We also had the champagne margaritas, which is exactly as dangerous as it sounds. Imagine the bubbles of champagne mixed in deadly combination with the punch of tequila. OK I must stop writing now, I am drooling too much to look normal at work.When you hear how everyone else raves about their experience at Frontera Grill--the infamous Rick Bayless Frontera Grill--you have to assume it's a fluke when both you and your friend rate the food as being...meh. Nonetheless, a review is a review. So here goes...I started with, what I believe was called, the Gold Star Margarita. And it was delish. I'm pretty sure it was fresh lime juice, which made all the difference. Then we ordered the Tropical Tuna Cocktail and that was very mediocre. I didn't think the mango paired well with the guacamole. And as we continued to eat, I felt more like I was eating out of obligation of having ordered it, rather than because it was amazing. Then came the main dishes. I hear Bayless is known for his mole's so we ordered the Mole Trio, hoping to get a variety (it's the spice, no?). All three moles were sooooo blah. Nothing stood out--to either of us. I mean, I was really shocked. We didn't finish any of the three tiny dishes. We also ordered the Ocean Trout in Peanut Salsa. I'm pretty sure the trout wasn't fully cooked. It was pretty pink and sushi-like in the center. The peanut sauce was tasty. But it wasn't enough to make me want to devour the plate in front of me. So with all that being said, both of us had a C- experience. (at least we both agreed that we were very unimpressed). Could it be because we began eating at 10pm? Maybe the chefs were tired and the food was overcooked at that point. Not sure. But I'm not convinced that this characterizes the full menu as, like I said, so many people rave about it here. Regardless, we were very dissapointed. I'd probably give it another go round, just to double check, but it's a shame. Maybe better next time?Wow.  Love this place.  I have come on two occasions now- once to dine in the dining area and once to grab late food barside.  Love the energy and atmosphere.One of my favorite things about this restaurant is the perfect sized proportions.  It is not overkill filler like a lot of mexican restaurants.  I always feel like most are just cheese, and carbs and you leave a bloated mess.  Not here.  Here, the most fresh ingredients are used, creative combinations, and everything I have tried has tasted fabulous.  From the guacomole, Blue Agave Margaritas, portobella mushroom fajitas, the other veg. entree (Milanesa de Verduras) to the flan I was in heaven.  The entire group was impressed both times.  Liz Martinez the manager was extremely accomodating and amazing as well.  Cheers!For once the hype is justified. Arrived here on Saturday for brunch without reservations. Fortunately for us the bar is full service so we went there. I had the lamb casserole while my friend had the Huevos motuleños. My lamb dish was tasty. You could taste all the individual ingredients which is quite rare.Didn't try the motuleños but the presentation was superb.Make sure you try the Margaritas. I usually find Margaritas too sweet but these were wonderfully balanced especially the tamarind version.I dont know how to describe this place, except as exceptional!  Theres really a lot I can say about the food and how delectable each and every morsel was, but I dont know if Yelp would allow me to write all of it :) So.. on that note the condensed version. Arrived here after hearing about this restaurant on a guided tour- they told us it was voted one of the best restaurants in the US.  Instead of going our originally planned restaurant, we decided to head here the following night- and we were well aware of the wait time, so we came prepared!  The hostess took our name, indicating it was a 3 o 3.5 hour wait time, and she even took our phone number and said she would call before our table was free, so we deicded to (as we had planned) hit up a bar or two in the meantime, which honestly was the most FABULOUS idea ever!!!  Time flew so quickly!Arrived here, and then was seated almost immediately, by some friendly waiters in a booth near the bar. After scoping out the menu, we ordered drinks.  I ordered a mojito - which turned out fabulous, the boys ordered Chupacabra cerveza, and the other girls wine.  Please note, although Frontera serves Rum, and Tequila, they do not have bacardi, grey goose, etc.  I think they have Latin American/Mexican brands.  So if you are looking for your fave boozy, dont count on it.  That being said- the drinks were still really good.  I really liked the muddled mint in my drink- made it extremely refreshing!  As an appetizer, part of the group ordered the queso fundida (cheese with chorizo), the trio trio trio (three types of ceviche, which I did not try), and sopes rancheros.  The waiter brought a SUPER hot habanero salsa along out with our food- so hot that I could only use a few drops, and Im the type who survives off of sriracha and anything spicy!  The best thing was that it actually tasted GOOD!  The sopes were perfectly formed, and despite the sauce around it, the maza shell was not soggy and retained its shape!  Genius!!!!The queso was the perfect amount of cheesy goodness (whenever its cheesy, its always goodness), and was served in a hot skillet with some chips.  Perfectly cooked and just beyond amazing!For dinner, we ordered the flank steak (medium-well, even though I wanted it medium, but my friend wanted it a little more cooked), along with a side of black beans and rice.  WOW! Those black beans were.. to say the least.. of the hook!!! What great flavor they had!  The rice was good, and the flank steak was mouth wateringly fabulous!  It came with a corn tamale which was also really great and not overly sweet like some restaurants make it.  Other orders on my table: pork loin- which was SO good!, the chicken tacos, which seemed ok; however, the guacamole it came with was phenomenal!  For dessert, Raspberry sorbet, which really tasted like a fruitroll up, haha!  But still tasted good and twas definitely a palate pleaser,  Service was great- they brought us extra hot salsa without us even asking.  They were courteous and extremely patient with us while we decided to order :)  On a side note- another customer in the bathroom was really rude, and a lady who was restocking stuff in the bathroom was gracious enough to apologize on her behalf.  That is called courtesy!  We ate our food so happily! Because it was totally living up to the hype for once, which honestly is a rarity.  We expected something a lot less than what we heard, but obviously we were wrong and I would totally make a trip back there again.Disclaimer: we had to wait 3.5 hrs for a seat, so meanwhile we went do Dicks for some fried food and beet. So we showed up to eat at 9:30pm- a bit tired from a day full of walking and not hungry. But, it was still VERY good! We started with the guac and queso fundido and both were tasty! Our friend who is a guac and avocado fiend was very impressed and so was I. Joe had Poc Chuc Lamb(?) He loved it, I thought it was ok. Ben got the tacos al carbon and they were delish. My favorite though was my dish- enchiladas the mole poblano. Wowzers! This is the first time that I have "mole" that is as good or better than my moms. I can't wait to be back. Maybe to one of his other restos?FYI- we didn't mind and expected the wait.. but we'd love to try Topo or Xoco AND with an empty belly. :)High highs and mediocre lows (considering the price point).I got the Wednesday special which was a marinated pork roasted in banana leaves, served with black beans and a red chile sauce.  This may have been the best mexican dish I've ever eaten in my life.  It also comes with a side of habanero salsa that is literally too spicy to enjoy even if you dip only the tip of one tine of your fork in it.Two people at my table got the alaskan salmon with a peanut sauce.  Reaction was mixed; one strongly in favor and one unsure of what she thought.  Not being much of a peanut enthusiast myself, I was unable to comment.  Also, the flank steak was pretty well received at my table.The appetizers were fairly disappointing to our group.  The guacamole is fantastic, although a smallish serving for a $10 appetizer.  The queso fundido is not your typical fundido, and the sharp cheddar (which i was surprised to see here) had kind of a funky effect on the dish.  We also got a yellowfin tuna ceviche which I was extremely disappointed in; it felt unseasoned, with no real citrus to speak of.It also bears mention that they make the best mojito I have ever tasted.I love Rick Bayless, and I would definitely come back here on a Wednesday for the special and a mojito.  However it seems that the buzz over this place has escalated it past the point of reasonability.  I'm sure I wouldn't line up at 4:30pm for a 5:30pm seating again.Frontera lives up to its name!Before walking in, I was a little hesitant about the food and snobby atmosphere given the hype of the restaurant. However Frontera fared well on both fronts. It offers a relaxed, casual atmosphere in a fine dining setting. Seating - outdoor seating is little difficult to get during summer. Without reservation, be prepared to wait anywhere between 1 to 2hrs on a weekend. Food - Food was perfection in every aspect... texture, taste, temperature, presentation.  Rick Bayless changes his menu every month so its always good to ask the server about their recommendations and specials. Portions are not huge but they are filling. Don't skip on the appetizers and dessert! Service -  Server was very helpful and well-informed. I had ordered an off-the-menu seasonal special and my server went on great detail to describe the dish and its relevance with the season. As expected, its a bit pricey but not overpriced. Definitely worth a second visit.Waited two hours for a table....but that is the norm here and it is worth the wait.Great, creative Mexican food. Very attentive service. Great recommendations. Margaritas were yum!Only gripe is that all our food came out at once (appetizers, entrees, etc). We didn't ask for it to be served this way and our entrees were cold by the time we finished the appetizers. Would have expected better from this kind of establishement.Worth a one time visit, for sure. Not sure the wait is worth is more often.Even if you're not feeling the strong drinks (some of them prepped at your table), the food is incredible.  I'm not from San Fran like Ed M., so maybe I'm just a Chicagoan with no taste, but I really liked everything I ate at Frontera.  The portions are small and the prices are high, so it's not somewhere I'll be dining frequently.  But it's good for birthday parties or anniversaries or things like that.  When we there, Rick B himself stopped by our table and asked us how the drinks were.  He then went into a typical (-ly awesome) semi-raspy speech about how everything was so freakin' authentic/fresh/imported it makes you want to kill him for being such a kook.A tip:  If the restaurant is full and there's a long wait, check out the bar area.  There's a bunch of seating there and I was able to get in with a group of 8 people with no wait over there.  The food is the same, and you're closer to the bar!I debated on 4 or 5 stars and decided in the end to give them the benefit of the doubt. You'll see why as I continue.I've been here twice. The first time was a year ago. The meal was wonderful, flavorful and refreshing. I remember specifically the ceviche was fantastic. My second experience was good but not AS great as the first. However, I had driven for about 7/8 hours and it was 10:00pm when we ate and we were absolutely starving...so over-tired & over-hungry is not really the right state of mind to be in for a nice evening out. I will go again in a more favorable state....in fact I look forward to it.The first time I ate here - over 10 years ago - it left such an impression (good one) but I didn't make it back until this year in May (for my birthday).The presentation of the food was fantastic, but the food was not as memorable as I remembered it from 10 years ago...but the gold margarita was fantastic!The decor is beautiful, vivid colors and Mexican style art work.This restaurant smelled incredible upon first walking in. I really enjoyed all the different chile sauces, and the tortilla soup was excellent. I had the Friday daily lunch special which was Mixiotes de Borrego (spiced lamb with chile sauce steamed in parchment) and I very much enjoyed it.And, a big highlight... we saw Rick Bayless sitting having a chat and a tasting with his apprentice chefs at one of the back tables!MMMmmm, tasty.  When I read about Rick Bayless and his joint, I knew I had to come by here on my visit to Chicago and I was definitely not disappointed.  Hailing from California makes me somewhat of a Mexican food expert (fogs nails and shines them off on collar) so I was pretty skeptical of finding good Mex out in the Mid-West.  My girlfriend and I were told they didn't take reservations (wat.) when I called so we prayed it wouldn't be too busy when we walked in.  The place was totally packed on a Thursday night and the hostess seemed pretty efficient at getting people on the wait system, but luckily, we got a seat at the bar.  The bartender was a super cool, Harley kinda guy, and he recommended the Topolobampo margarita. My gf had a "skinny margarita" which was straight up tequila with limes (mistake numero dos).  Wooooo. By the time our ceviche sampler appetizer came out, we were both feeling good.  The shrimp ceviche was my favorite of all three, and really the only one I would reorder again.  The squid ceviche didn't seem very well thought out and the tuna one was just normal, nothing special. We shared the puerca entree that was rec'd by the bartender and it was delicious.  It's since discontinued because they rotate their menu monthly but if it's on again, you should def order.  These soft, tender slices of pork came out with a chile tomatillo type of sauce. The meat was so soft, it felt like it was going to melt in my mouth.  This was some serious puerca.  Anyway, if you're in Chicago, or going to go, or want to go, you must check this place out!Frontera is a really fun and delicious place. Small sized restaurant and doesn't take reservations; plan on a wait of 1-3 hours depending on how busy of a time you're going at. You can head down the street to grab a drink while you wait and they will call your cell when they're ready for you.I went here with a few of my "foodie" friends and they were raving about how great the mole sauce is, and they certainly were right to rave about it. I ordered the Enchiladas because my friends highly recommended them and they were served with their famous mole sauce of course. We also ordered their chips and guacamole as an appetizer...this had to have been one of the top 5 guacamole dishes I've had in my life. Also, highly recommend the flan for dessert.Overall, the meal was very tasty. Had a nice mix of spice and flavor, unlike typical Mexican places that "wow" you with how hot they can get the food and have absolutely no other tastes to it. Definitely worth the long wait. They originally told us 3 hours on a Saturday night at 5:30pm for 6 people, but ended up getting called around 7 to be seated.Definitely one of my top 10 meals in the city of Chicago.I was very excited to visit Frontera Grill as I am a big Rick Bayless fan.  Got there at 1pm on a Friday afternoon, and had a lenghy wait, but found a place to perch in the bar, and had some great cocktails - a blood orange margarita - my friend had tamarind, which isn't really my thing (I'm not a big tamarind fan) but was really interesting.  Hubby also appreciated the thoughtful beer selection.We started with the seafood appetizer platter - 6 great oysters and 2 different ceviches.  The oysters and the sauces were incredible.  The ceviches were good, but not to die for.For lunch we tried a few different things - chicken enchiladas w/ Mole, the lamb in parchment special, a couple of different quesadillas.  This was definitely good mexican food.  Unfortunately it didn't completely wow me, as much as I wanted it to.  I'll grant that I have limited experience with "real" mexican food, but when I compare to Hugo's in Houston, for example, it didn't stack up.That said, it was a really nice experience, good service, good food - I would return given the chance and try it again, perhaps at dinner.Outstanding service! Our server could not have been more friendly and he took a lot of care to explain all the drinks we were having and everything we were thinking about ordering. The place was packed but we were seated 5 minutes before our reservation at 8. I did not expect that. The ceviche was amazing. Really, really good. All the fish we had was excellent and the whitefish entree was so fantastic I'm still thinking about it. Tacos were good and so was the steak my boyfriend had. I loved the jimica salad and the quesadillas. The only thing I didn't really care for were the chicken taquitos. Good guacamole.I should not have ordered a side of plantains with my entree. They were so good but there was much more than I was expecting on the plate and I had to leave some behind. Very sad. Luckily, a Bayless sighting made me forget about all the plantains that I was too full to eat. I left dreaming about him feeding me churros under the stars.It's ok food. I had mole enchiladas and the mole was ok. My husband had a steak meal and that was just ok. I'm a fan of Rick Bayless and admire his ability to enhance Mexican cuisine, but I just went on a really busy night.I won't visit again as I would prefer to eat at Sol de Mexico...the food there taste like Rick himself cooked personally for you.I gave them 4 stars since they surprised us with a dessert platter in celebration of our anniversary. That was very unexpected and the dessert was delicious.Recently, I came here for brunch with a few friends, and I had the best meal I had in a long time.  I ordered white corn pancakes that were served with goat cheese and bacon that was marinated in some kind of pepper sauce, I think.They were delicious.  The pancakes weren't too sweet, but went nicely with the agave syrup, or the goat cheese, or both.  And the bacon was the most delicious bacon I've ever had.  Its flavor reminded me of beef jerky, but it was tender, like bacon. Mmmmm...Also, my friend let me try a bit of his tortilla soup which was also delicious.  And on top of all this deliciousness, the price wasn't bad either; most brunch entrees are $11-17!This place has been thoroughly reviewed so I'll keep it somewhat brief.I have been here twice and enjoyed most items I've had.  For appetizers, I highly recommend the mini sopes.  They were shredded beef in tomatoes.  I know his menu changes, so they may not always be there, but get them if they are.  I also got the queso fundido which I thought was great.  I don't recommend the tamales at all (mine were chorizo and bacon with some sauce on it).  I also don't recommend the flautas.My entres were a steak dinner and duck tacos.  I didn't not enjoy the tacos so much (except for the handmade tortillas...awesome).  The steak was good though.  Most sides are extra...like rice for example.For desert, I've had the flans and they are always good.  I think that is a can't miss here and I highly recommend it.Overall, I took off a star for a couple reasons.  One, the food is not amazing enough for the wait or price.  I completely love Rick's show and books.  I cook from them and trust them over any other book, but the restaurant is different.  Go in knowing that he uses authentic flavors and ingredients, but twists the dishes a bit.  I completely respect that he makes original dishes, but it may surprise those looking for the flavors they are used to.Delicious!Came here on a trip back to Chicago; I begged my friend to go there since I have a "thing" for Rick Bayless and was desperate to try the food.  After watching all his TV specials and Top Chef, I had high expectations for the food at Frontera, and I was not disappointed.We knew going in, since it was a Saturday night, that we'd have to wait...So we decided to make the most of it and have a couple of drinks at the bar.  The atmosphere is fun and energetic, and I came very close to stealing everything off the plates as the servers walked past...If you just accept that you're going have to wait, then your life will be easier.  The hosts know what they're doing; they were spot on with their quote as to how long it would be until a table was ready.  Once seated my friend and I split the taquitos (best I have EVER had), and I ordered the pork entree.  It was served with the best mashed potatoes I have ever had in my life...full of cheesy goodness.Top it all off with the pecan pie and a cup of coffee, and you're in business!  A wonderful meal at a wonderful place.  Kudos to Rick and all of his team for this magnificent establishment.  I hope to return the next time I'm back in Chicago!Quite honestly, I was somewhat skeptical with the idea of "fancy" Mexican food but  Rick Bayless and the Frontera Grill  was able to make me think, "wow, this is like tasting Mexican food again for the first time." Being from California, this is quite a feat. The must have item here is definitely the Chicken Mole, it brought a complexity of flavor that was hard to beat.We took a big chance and headed to Frontera Grill when we were visiting Chicago in July - without reservations.  We went in for a very late lunch, in fact they were about 15 minutes from closing for lunch but we got in without a wait.  We were seated promptly and our waiter was thorough and attentive, in spite of them still being CRAZY busy for such a late lunch time.  The place was still FULL more than an hour after they closed for lunch!  We sampled several dishes, appetizers and a very good Mole which one of the best we've every had. I will agree with many others, Frontera Grill is a great meal so go enjoy yourself but either make reservations or show up at a very odd time if you do not want to wait.Oh well, we should have stuck with our trusty usual's from XOCO next door! We walked right in and were seated immediately. Our appetizer was the shroom empanadas, they were really salty and barely room temp! Next I had the fish fajitas, very fishy, well half of it was, like they used two different fishes & Bones! Our service was more interested in his female co-worker & we needed attention.I had a Margarita & it was strong & lacked the flavor flair I had hoped from Rick.The Ambiance was the best part of our visitXOCO will be visited next time ++++I liked Frontera Grill.  I've eaten at Xoco many times, and I'm quite familiar with the career arc of Chef Bayless.  The food at Frontera was good - the quality was what I expected.  The service was friendly and professional, too.  So I'm definitely a fan.  But for me it didn't break into my rank of favorites.  Maybe it was my dish, which was good, but just not very interesting.  The description sounded fantastic, and it did taste good, but it was much less interesting, both visually and taste-wise, than the description led me to believe it would be.  So, bottom line, it was good food - certainly better than average for this price point.  I enjoyed my visit and I don't have any real complaints.  But I think for me to give them five stars, I'd have to want to wait in their super-long lines (I was there under one of their rare reservations that seem to be allowed mostly for out-of-towners like the couple I ate with).  I'd happily go again with a reservation or on some rainy night when people haven't mobbed it, but I don't think I'd be willing to wait in a long line for it, which is why I am a fan, but not a five-starred one.We made reservations probably 1 month in advance since we wanted to go on Saturday around 7pm.  I have watched Rick Bayless on tv and really like his personality and his food looks great too.  While waiting I had the Topolo Margarita which was really good (though I wish it were bigger for the price).  It was Halloween weekend and I thought it was great that the bartender was dressed like a banana.  One appetizer I had was guacamole which was as good, but nothing special.  The other appetizer I had was the gorditas de carnitas -I love carnitas it had some green salsa that had a limey taste - I really liked them.  They were smaller than typical gorditas but good size for appetizers.  My main entree was the carne asada which was really great.  The steak was thicker than a skirt steak and was done perfectly.  The spices on the steak were amazing and the black beans and fried bananas were great as well - I ordered some tortillas on the side which made it just perfect.  It was a really great atmosphere and definitely worth the experience but too pricey for me to come here more than once a year.I hadn't been to Frontera in a while and I'd forgotten how much I liked it!We split an excessive amount of food, so I will hit the highlights.Chicken Tortilla Soup- Surprisingly filling, super savoryGuac- Get it.Ceviche- All of them are winners!Came here with my husband, his brother and mother.  It was SO good!!!  We started with the guacamole, chips, salsa, then had the Frontera ceviche, some agua frescas (pineapple-mint-lime), then our entrees.  My husband and I split the carne asada, and had the duck taquitos and also a side order of the wild greens.  Everything was perfect.  No complaints whatsoever.  Dessert was fantastic, but I was so stuffed from our lunch (which felt more like dinner) that I couldn't finish my flan!!!   Will totally be coming back the next time we are in Chicago!!!PS - If the girl with the mustard yellow shirt and awesome stained glass style tattoo sees this, please get in touch with me to tell me who did your tattoo!  I didn't want to interrupt your meal to ask!I have been going to Frontera and Topolo for the last ten years.  During this time period the food has been consistently great and so has the service.  My last two visits have been a bit disappointing though in the service department.  At Topolo & Frontera the service was sloooow.  We had wait quite a bit for water refills and the the waiter showed up on two occasions at our table with food that was for someone else.Service aside, the food is still solid and inventive.  If you are willing to stick your arm up for water and don't mind sending the waiter to the correct table then you really should visit this restaurant.  Ten years later I still will and only put down the constructive criticism so they continue to excel.Awesome place.  Delicious.  Everything on the menu is tasty.  Can't go wrong.  I'm getting hungry thinking about it.Ok...get ready to drop some MAJOR cash if you're looking to dine at this establishment.  The food is amazing...but you are certianly paying a premium becuase it's a Rick Bayless restaurant.  I don't think that you will find a place that will charge you more for premium tequila.This is some of the best Mexican fare you will find, however, and is a great place to go in the Summer due to the outdoor seating.  Be well prepared to wait a LONG time for a table if you visit the restaurant during peak hours.They also charged us $4 a shot for Sangrita.  Sangrita has no alcohol, and is made from tomato juice and orange juice.  (boo hoo, right?)What is there to say about this place that has not been said already? I was in Chi-town for business and we ate at this restaurant. One sip of the margarita and I started formulating plans to make a return visit. Given the incredible taste of the margarita, I was a little underwhelmed with my quesadillas. But when in Chicago again I will most definately come back to this place. Maybe I'll luck out with an entree worthy of the margarita.Ehh. That's all I really have to say about this place. I came in expecting a much better meal, considering the famous chef (Rick Bayless?) owns this place. Never really been a huge fan of Mexican food, but decided to give this a shot since it's technically "Nueva Latino" and my friend loves brunch here. I ordered the recommended special of Mahi Mahi, which wasn't bad but the tomatina sauce was too strong and overpowered the fish... there wasn't a right balance. Plus, it felt more like a heavy dinner than light brunch. Our waiter was gracious about giving us more of the spiced nuts (which, sadly, were much tastier than my entree). I tried the Sapitas too, but they failed to impress. And I would have appreciated if the waiter told us that the special was double the price of their other dishes... which I found out the hard way.So, ehhh. Would I come here again? Unlikely. I'd rather try other places in Chicago next time I visit.I finally made my way to Frontera Grill one Friday afternoon with two California guests. Since this place doesn't take reservations, I knew it would be key to visit the restaurant on a weekday right when they open. We got there about 11:45 and were able to find seats in the bar. Seating setup is unfriendly for odd-numbered groups (seats were in twos and fours), but the staff let us push two tables together - saving the three of us from huddling around a table meant for two. What dismayed us was the LONG wait we had to endure for our food! I think they were understaffed, because the lunch crowd seemed manageable, yet we had to wait for 45 minutes before we got our appetizers. I split the Entrems Surtido appetizer platter and pork tacos with my friend. I HIGHLY recommend the appetizer platter. It lets you try mini portions of their quesadillas, chicken taquitos, ceviche tostadas and jcama salad. Because I was thinking of ordering each of these items for my entree, the appetizer platter let me try all the dishes and still try something else! My favorite was the jicama salad - it had mangoes and the tangy dressing provided a nice complement to the sweet mangoes and crunchy jicama. Even though we had to wait again for our entrees, it was definitely worth it! The pork was marinated to perfection. Featuring notes of red chile, pineapple, bacon and onion, it was a fiesta in my mouth. Each ingredient balanced the others. Seriously, it was friggin' awesome. I'm not a big meat eater, but I will gladly eat a whole bowl of this stuff everyday if I could. We were also served six tortillas so it's perfect to split.I will be back to Frontera Grill. I have to dock one star for the slow service, but seriously - five star food. Give me pork!!Came here for a work related Cinco de Mayo party.Of course the pre arranged appetizer menu wasn't exactly vegan friendly, but I do believe the empanadas and the chips & guac were, or at least somewhat close. I must have devoured 2 bowls of guac by myself. I don't know what's in it ( and at this point, I don't want to know) but the guacamole here alone is worth stopping by for a drink.Anyways, I've seen a few yelpers gush about the margaritas here, and let me just say that if you haven't had a margarita here, you haven't had a good margarita. I thought the margaritas at Caesars were good, but these blow them out of the water, through the earth's atmosphere and send it hurdling through the icy winds of outer space only to collide then explode on the surface of the moon; sending tiny shards of margarita out into the universe never to be seen or heard from again except by aliens who collect the shards and use it to kill rodents on their space ship.These are damn good margaritas.I love it here, I can't say enough good things about Frontera, and can't wait to one day eat at Topolobampo.  The atmosphere is filled with Mexican Art, bright colors, fantastic service and a very lively music.  It's a great experience, with great service and everything in between.Pros:  This food is great, it's second to none in this city and probably the United States... Well considering it won Best Restaurant, definitely the United States.  The Food is great, and the tortilla soup is a must!!! As is the Margarita's!!!  You can get just about anything and leave happy here. Cons:  Not too many, some of the food might be higher priced, but you will leave here happy and full.  It's a great dining experience.I highly recommend this place for all those in and out of Chicago, it's a definite must!Always a wait but the food is very good.  I usually go for brunch on Saturdays and eat in the bar because reservations for tables have to be booked weeks in advance (please don't go for sat brunch, I do not want the wait to get any longer).The servers are all really attentive. They have good coffee, nice atmosphere...Amazing! I have been wanting to come here since I moved to Chicago. Finally had some friends in town and an excuse to go. We could only get reservations on a Friday at 5:45 and I was blown away at how crowded it already was.  But loved it because I was nervous there would be a couple of us in there.The margaritas are great and I am not even a huge fan of margs I managed to have 4 (yes was a little tipsy when we left). We had some guacamole and chips as an app and i got some Chicken mole enchiladas. So flavorful! I did think it was a lot of food so we ended up taking some home. Overall lively atmosphere and some great Mexican food!This was one of the reasons the boyfriend and I opted for our Chicago visit.  We've been wanting to try Frontera for quite a long time now, and now that we have friends living in Chicago, it seemed as the perfect excuse!I ordred the enchilda de mole poblano and sopa azteca.  The boyfriend ordered enichilda de chivo.  Our friends ordered tacos al carbon, one with the pineapple pork, the other with the portabello mushrooms.  We also ordered a side of guacamole and chips.  The chips came out with 2 additional salas, one of which was a triple chili salsa that I fell in LOVE with immediately.  I couldn't stop eating it, and may have been in danger of completely over-eating on chips alone.My soup was the first thing to come out.  OMG.  Seriously, this is one of the best soups I've ever had.  I'm a HUGE soup lover.  I could eat soup every day, and would if the boyfriend was willing to do so.  Chicken tortilla soup is one of my favorite soups, and I was completely blown away by this.  LOVED IT!Our meals came out and the mole was exactly as everyone else has described it.  Amazing. Wonderful. Perfect.  It was so good as well.  I started munching on my enchilada, and while it was perfect and so good, my mind kept wondering back to the soup.  I ended up pushing aside the last piece of my enchilada and returning to my, now cold, soup and scarfed it down.  It was cold, but still so delicious and fabulous.  Please don't think the enchilada wasn't good, it was amazing...but the soup was even more amazing in my opinion!I tried a bit of the boyfriend's enchilada de chivo and found the goat meat was definitely interesting and tasty.  I'd never had goat meat before, and found it to be a cross between a chicken and lamb.  It was quite yummy.  I tried a bit of the pineapple pork and the portabello mushroom too and they were both wonderful as well.I'm so pleased and happy with Frontera.  I'm originally from San Diego, so I'm usually really picky with my Mexican food...but this was just so fabulous and so well done.  Bravo Rick Bayless...you are definitely the Top Chef Master!I'm from Oregon, where we travel around on covered wagons carrying provisions (like the old Oregon Trail game you played on your Apple II), where it rains 363 and 2/3 days of the year, and where "Mexican food" equals $5 wet burritos, taco stands, fish bowl margaritas, and other mostly fairly inexpensive fare. Not Frontera Grill.  This place is good, serving up rich, complex moles, fresh ceviches and fire roasted meats.  If you come to Chicago and have to eat at one restaurant, this would be it.  Granted, the wait for a table is stupid ridiculous.  Our party of 4 waited 2+ hrs for a table.  On a Tuesday night.  Tuesday night!  Don't you people have better things to do on a Tuesday then to wait in line for fantastic Mexican food?  Shouldn't you be at home watching Grey's Anatomy?  Thankfully, an Irish pub was nearby.Must try - all of the ceviches are great.  Get the trio sampler so you can try them all.  The camarones en aguachile are really fresh king prawns served sashimi style with a lime juice and fennel sauce drizzled on top.  Also, any menu item that includes "mole" in the description is probably a must try.  And no, you don't need to take the handful of pints I had into consideration.  More sober individuals in our group thought the food was delicious also.And the best part?  Rick Bayless was there, having a cocktail and a bite to eat, hanging out, checking in on the patrons.  Who does that?  This guy was on Top Chef Masters dusting Michael Chiarello and Hubert Keller on national TV.  Do you ever see Wolfgang Puck hanging out at the Wolfgang Puck Express in Terminal 3 outside Gate B gnoshing on his salads and handing out individual sized pizzas?  Hell no.I went there 3 weeks ago and I'm still dreaming about the guac.  In fact, everything I ordered was delish - even the melon mojitos (or because of the melon mojitos?).  Unimportant.Go here.  It's a must.My hub and i are huge Top Chef fans and we especially loved Top Chef Masters.  Rick Bayless rocks!!!!  this is our 2nd time here, the 1st time was 1.5 years ago and at the time i thought it was pretty good.....but being from Los Angeles, where good mexican is pretty easy to come by, i wasn't terribly blown away.This time, we got there early before the restaurant opened and were greeted by a long ass line.  Thankfully, we realized that bar opens earlier than the restaurant so we ran past the line and dove for the last 2 available seats at the bar.Awesome!  the place filled up really fast.  the drinks are ok.  the chips and salsa and guacamole were tasty.  i had the cochinita pibil, which is pork that is tender and AMAZING.  my man had carnitas tacos and they were really tasty as well.The ambiance was fun and lively and the bartenders were nice.Would go back again for sure!!!!I love mexican. Give me any kind whether it be from Chiptole to this place and I will enjoy it. That being said Rick Bayless has rocked my world. While he restaurant has enjoyed some fame from Top Chef and word of mouth, there is a reason for that this man knows how to cook.We started with the sampler which included five different samplings of some popular appetizers. The guacamole was made to perfection, the ceviche was out of this world, the mexican city quesadilla was a fried piece of perfection, and everything else on the plate was spectacular.I followed it up with a chicken enchilada with a dark mole sauce. The tortilla was flaky and soft and the sauce was heavenly. The chick was succulent and every ingredient on the plate somehow mixed together perfectly. I look forward to Topolo and Xoco because this man is truly a Top Chef.We've been to Frontera numerous times and the food is amazing!   You cannot go wrong with any of the dishes!  The waitstaff is super informative about everything (Rick sometimes makes guest appearances at your table).  The margaritas are one of the best!  And a must do for dessert is their chocolate pecan pie.  The only thing I don't like is that they no longer take reservations and the wait time could be ridiculously long (go EARLY!), but the food is worth it.  Oh and FYI - the chile rellenos are not on their menu (they are awesome). I believe they only make 5 a night, so act fast!For being so excited to eat at Rick Bayless's restaurant, I was impressed but I think my expectations were a little too high.  I thought the margaritas were very good but somewhat small for $11 a piece.  My wife and I had two each while we waited, luckily at the bar, for an hour and half while we waited to be seated.  The guacamole may have been the highlight of the food portion of our meal.  However, for our drinks and the guac, we spent $60 before we even sat down.I also really liked the seafood platter which consisted of 3 types of unbelievably fresh and creamy oysters.  The salsas that came with were unneeded as they oysters were great on their own.  It also came with two ceviches, a ahi tuna and a sunfish.  The ahi tuna was perfect and I think might be there most popular.  The sunfish was good but nothing to die for.For dinner, I was extremely disappointed because when I went to order the Thursday specialty at 8:30 (slow roasted Lamb in banana leaves with a sauce that sound extraordinary) I was told by our waiter that they had already sold out.  Without looking at the menu again, he said his favorite was the flank stank and I had ordered.  The flank steak was good but undercooked for medium rare and just not anything special.  Rick Bayless is known for complex flavors and I made the mistake of not looking at the menu again when I got the bad news.  That is my fault, not theirs.  My wife got the short rib app because she was already full and it tasted very good.Instead of dessert, we opted for our waiter's recommendation of trying some tequilas.  We tried a flight of some of their best tequila, which was fun and tasty.  He also brought us his two favorites to sample.  The service was a little shaky but this act and knowledge of the tequila won us back over.  The bartenders are great by the way.  All of the margaritas are shaken in front of you.All in all, I really liked the restaurant but was disappointed with what I ordered for my main course.  I can get steak at a steak house.  Next time, I will go for the mole.  It also is a little pricey for what you get, but we were both on expense accounts and did not mind the $200 check.I will definitely go back and probably be able to add a star or two with the proper expectations.Eating at Frontera Grill makes me so happy!  I've eaten here twice - once at dinner with 3 other people and once at brunch - all before the Top Chef victory.  Didn't have a reservation either time, so enjoyed checking the place out and having a wonderful margarita at the bar for a few minutes before being promptly seated.Started off the various meals with queso fundido and guacamole - and they were both so savory and delicious.  The guac was just chunky enough...it was heaven (and I've had lots of bad guac at other restaurants).For brunch, we had tacos and chilaquiles - and I think that these chilaquiles are my new comfort food.   For dinner, I don't recall the rest of my parties dishes (although they all walked away happy) but I had and savored the chicken mole.  Oh my goodness.  The flavors were intense and rich.  Just wanted to lick the plate when I was done!Just the thought of going back to Frontera makes me happy...these were some of the best meals that I've eaten...ever.For our last night in Chicago I'm convinced we could not have chosen a better restaurant.We were looking forward to this restaurant and it more than exceeded expectations.we had the Carne Asada A La Oaxaquena -- which is a ribeye steak with black refried beans, plantains and homemade guacamole on the side. I have not had a better tasting steak in my life. It had just the right zing, there was plenty, and the price was a steal -- I'd have paid twice the price for that dinner.The restaurant was kind enough to seat us even though we came later than they usually allow (10pm), and service was speedy throughout. The only complaint is that, because this restaurant is so popular (because it's so good), it was noisy as can be, it was hard to have a normal conversation without raising our voices.I would go again! If you're ever in Chicago, it's worth taking a stroll over to Clark St and waiting for a table. Rick Bayliss and his staff have created a wonderful taste of Mexico right in downtown Chicago!!Coming to Frontera, you expect a certain something.  After all, it's Rick "Master Chef" Bayless we're talking about here.  And it didn't disappoint.  The Ceviche Trio is the best I've had, the tuna and mango really standing out.  The margaritas are as good as they say and will make you forget every overly sweet, cloying margarita you've ever had.  They don't take reservations as a rule but if you get there between 11 and 12 on a weekday, you should be able to get in for lunch reasonably quickly.Like Rick Bayless needs my plug...I've eaten here maybe six times over the past dozen or so years, dinners, brunches (people who fear Frontera will be too expensive might want to try brunch--it can be pretty reasonable), and most recently, lunch. This time, after calling at 10 am and failing to be granted a reservation, we walked right in and were seated without a wait, which was a nice surprise. The room is inviting with its lively paintings, costumes and giant carvings; the server was gracious; and the food was muy fabuloso. We had the house ceviche, queso fundido de pollo, enchiladas mole de poblano, and tamal en mole amarillo. I think I'm in love with mole amarillo (less so in love with the ricotta-filled tamal--just a tad sweeter than I was expecting)--complex, earthy, and great on the grilled squash that was tucked beneath the tamal. I really love that Rick Bayless cares about gardens and that some home-grown produce makes it into the dishes. It's a guarantee that you're not going to get a bland, mealy hothouse tomato in August (which has happened to me at many other restaurants, including a couple of expensive ones).The margaritas are excellent (I favor the mescal), and this time I ordered their michelada. It was light, refreshing and huge, and the chipotle salt on the rim adds a nice level of heat. One tiny suggestion I think they should take--buy some straws that are as deep as the glass. I kept having to fish mine out of my drink.It was expensive, but a treat.Oh, Mr. Bayless. You can pretty much do no wrong. While I love that he is gaining more popularity and national recognition, the wait for his restaurants I do not. Most of the time I just go and wait, or go later and wait less. My favorite thing to do is go and order a bunch of tapas so everyone can share and try the best of the best. That being said, the chicken mole enchiladas are my favorite item on the menu and would order those any day. The seasonal menu is great since this is a fun place to bring people, you can mix it up and try something new when you want- including drinks. And if you're lucky, catch a celebrity sighting or Mr. Bayless himself. Well done!Unimpressive.  Not worth the wait.I've had countless Mexican meals that blow this place away in taste and in value.  For anyone familiar with authentic Mexican food, take a pass on this one.  Don't listen to the ignorant "foodies" who claim how amazing this is but only go based on a chef's brand-name.Guacamole - Fresh but average.  Similar to pre-packaged store bought stuff.Sopes Rancheros - Whatever.  Why did I even put that in my mouth?  Such a waste of calories.Enchiladas de Mole Poblano - Good attempt but also unimpressive.  If you like raisin heavy mole, then this one is for you.  I like many types of mole and this was was blah.  What's clear is that there's an understanding of the complexity of this sauce (the waitress touted the 28 ingredients), but what's also clear is that their execution is seriously lacking.  The sauce just wasn't balanced very well.  Too acidic and sweet, not rich or nutty enough.  Also, why use expensive Gunthorp free-range chicken if you're just gonna overcook it?  I'd rather have cheap sauce from a mole packet with corn-fed steroid-packed cooped-up chicken that is cooked correctly.If you like mole, go to Red Iguana in SLC...  not this place.Absolutely loved this place! I was initially discouraged when I found out Frontera does not take reservations and when we showed up we were told the wait was about an hour and a half. Celine and I had just flown in from San Diego a few hours earlier and the airline snacks were well past worn off. Luckily the hostess gave us an option to sit at the chefs bar and the wait would be about 15 minutes. 15 minutes came up and to my surprise we were given a full table.The mens bathroom lacked toilet seat covers and I hate to be a complainer, but I feel like no one invests in toilet paper that feels any better than sandpaper. The soap left my hands feeling really dry and chalky. Not a deal breaker but could use some improvement.The real reason why I give this place 5 stars is for the service. Thomas is a class act and definitely needs to be moved up in the ranks because he is doing this business all sorts of justice. Very thorough in explaining the menu (getting down to specific details about ingredients and what particularly is in season, etc...) So Thomas if you read this, keep doing what you're doing!Our food did not disappoint either. The mole' enchiladas I had were so delicious. The sauce had the perfect amount of chocolate, peanut butter and surprisingly a little kick. I told her that this was one of those times I was going to stuff myself stupid and I didn't have any regrets about it because it just tasted so damn good.Open a restaurant in San Diego already!Everything was pretty decent. The drinks were mixed perfectly, the ingredients were top notch and cooked to perfection and arrived quickly, the service was attentive. But few dishes were outstanding (we took a tapas approach instead of ordering entrees). Many dishes that featured meat suffered from a lack of balance - they needed more grains or vegetables to really make the dish enjoyable and complete. I love meat, but I got tired of eating it here. A handful of dishes came out mostly lukewarm, like they'd been prepared earlier and waited. The food prices weren't outrageous, but drinks were (probably on par with other nice bars downtown, though), but they were fairly expensive.We were hardly surprised by the wait - we arrived at about 4:40 (the restaurant opens at 5 most days) and were seated around 6:15 (and that's with a little bump up the list for being on our honeymoon). When we left, newcomers were being told three hours. As I said, absolutely nothing was bad, but nothing was excellent, and the food was by no means worth the very long wait, the incredibly crowded restaurant, and the higher prices. I'm not sure how the restaurant could better deal with many of these issues, given how outrageously popular it is, but I'll do my part to help out by not returning.I ate a lot last night at Frontera. The food was so delicious that my stomach kept expanding, allowing for maximum intake. Well done Bayless.Things to keep in mind: They don't take reservations except for large groups I believe. I would suggest dining during the week if you don't want to wait for hours on end just to get a table. We went on a Wednesday night around 8:30pm and we only waited for 30 minutes or so. The bar area is a pretty cool spot with Mexican artwork popping out from all over. The margaritas were strong and tasty. Once we were brought to our table we had a pretty good idea of what we wanted (as we spent quite awhile googling at the menu while waiting).Try the Ceviche for sure. We started with the Trio, Trio, Trio which is a sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco and Coctel de Atun Tropical. All were full of flavor, and I especially enjoyed the Fronterizo as it was very refreshing and full of Cilantro. Might I add that their Guacamole is rather tasty and bursting with flavor, so order that too. Then we tried Sopes Rancheros and seriously...order this. Just do it and don't ask any questions. I didn't know what the heck a Masa Boat was, but I sure was willing to try it out. The shredded beef just melts in your mouth.For dinner I had this delectable smokey pork with pineapples. Sweet and smokey is the way to go. The duck was also very flavorful and their silky winter mole was amazing!I love the fact that their menu is always changing. Versatility never seemed to appealing.Been wanting to try this for years and it didn't disappoint, even got seated next to Lanie while she was dining.  Everthing was great, combo appetizer plate, the mole, and the lime soup dessert was much better than it sounds.The four- and five-star reviews are correct. Most of the others are incorrect.The food is outstanding. I had a Gunthorp Farms duck breast in mole sauce with black bean cakes. The corn on the cob special is fun. The cocktails are really quite good too. Mezcal- or tequila-based for the most part.I don't see why anyone would complain about the food.Service is perfectly fine, informative, friendly, fast.I would suggest getting there 30 minutes before it opens or calling for one of its small number of reservations to ensure a seating. The line develops quickly.Frontera Grill was Good.   I have had Frontera Grill on my to do list for quite some time.  I have traveled to the Chicago area at least 5 times this year and finally made it to Frontera.  I made my reservation 2 months ago (they do accept a very limited number of reservations).  Without a reservation, it seems like you will be waiting a long time for a table.  I liked Rick Bayless on Top Chef Masters and his restaurant was also mentioned by another chef on the Best Thing I Ever Ate food network show. I had Sopes Rancheros: Crispy corn masa boats, savory shredded beef, roasted tomato, avocado, homemade fresh cheese for $8.50.  They were tasty, but nothing I would rave about and/or pay $8.50 for again.  Platanos con Crema: Sweet fried plantains with homemade sour cream & fresh cheese $6.00.  Again..... a tasty dish but not worth the $6 price tag.  Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak (marinated in spicy red chile & wood-grilled), black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, guacamole $29.50.  Nice dish, great flavor, but not worth the $$$.  I will say that their black beans are the BEST !! If I'm going to pay over $45 just for myself to enjoy a dinner out on the town, I would like to leave feeling that I got my $$$$ worth.  That didn't happen here, and that's the main reason for 3 stars.Chicago has two basic types of Mexican restaurants: Greasy Spoon mexican places (ie Taco Burrito King #3), and upscale Chicago-Couture mexican restaurants. The former serve very affordable but basic (beans, rice, tortilla, cheese) meals. The latter should offer an enhanced dining experience, but usually at a significant mark-up. FG is probably the premier example of a Chicago-Couture Mexican restaurant. They take what you'd get at a standard mex rest, add excellent and trendy (ie pork shoulder) ingredients, top-notch presentation, cocktails, service, and overall atmosphere.I have a problem with a lot of the trendy restaurants that are popping up because they offer dishes with bold ingredients and flavor combinations, but when it comes down to it, are impressive, but not delicious.FG wins because the food takes mexican flavors to the next level (successfully), and the overall experience is excellent.Rick Bayless' "less fancy" side of the Frontera Grill & Topolobampo. I've been there several times and every time its been nothing less than amazing. The margaritas are perfect, the only problem with the guac is you'll want more, and the ceviche trio are super fresh and delicious. You need to make reservations well in advance to get a table in the restaurant on the weekend. Otherwise you can show up and wait in line outside before it opens to get on the waitlist. Sometimes you can get lucky and find a spot at the bar where they serve the entire menu.All in all, it definitely lives up to the hype, and isn't even terribly expensive for the high quality of food.Great mole's, great cocktails.... a delightful Mexican food experienceMy colleague and I wanted to check out this place because it was highly recommended by some friends as the best Mexican in town. So walked into this place on a Thursday evening at 7 p.m. The place was packed and we were told it was an hour long wait. So we decided to order at the bar. The bar was out of the question and packed to the core. So we decided to stand by the window and use a small ledge as our table. And mind you this is not a small restaurant. We were greeted by this delightful Mexican waiter who treated us like royalty. Their mole's and the cocktails were exquisite. A must try place if you are in downtown Chicago.This place was fantastic!! Guacamole was terrific.Had the duck - unlike anything I have eaten - it was closer to a filet. Absolutely terrific!! This review was for lunch. Would love to come back for dinner!!Took my wife here last year, it was by far the best Mexican meal we had shared.  Even if we didn't get seated until 9:45 PM (recommend getting there early, you will have to wait a long time if you don't), it did not stop us from enjoying it.We went ahead and went straight to the main course, since we had our appetizer at Rick Bayless' other joint on the corner (XOCO).  I went with a sea bass with a mango mole dish and my wife went with a chicken and chocolate mole dish herself (sorry for not being too specific, been over a year).  The two were both amazing and cooked to perfection.In short, you will be thankful that you had the opportunity to dine at one of the premiere Mexican restaurants in the US.If you're looking at this review, you probably already know about celebrity chef Rick Bayless and how big a deal he is. But how's his restaurant? How does the Mexican cuisine at Frontera Grill fare against all of the other culinary delights that Chicago has to offer?Basically, it's worth a visit but it isn't worth an absurd wait (we were quoted 2-2.5 hours and instead waited 3) or even its seemingly legendary status. Compared to other restaurants of celebrity chefs, it lacked that "wow" factor.We dove right in to start with a Beef-and-Poblano Tamal (rather than paying $10 for guacamole, I don't care how good it is). The beef was cooked splendidly but the flavour was a little acidic and I was hoping for more heat. We followed that with Yucatecan Ceviche, which I would say was a highlight. Again, a lot of acidity but this time it worked perfectly. For entrees, we split Duck with Pasilla-Huitlacoche Sauce and Pork in Manchamanteles. While the mole had a rich flavour, the sauce on the duck was salty and overpowering and again, the acidity did not work well with my palate.The seating was very cozy (loud) and that can either be fun or annoying. It tends to be annoying after 3 hours of waiting. But to be honest, even without the chaos, this place is a good restaurant, not great.Stopped here for lunch with my wife on our two day vacation in Chicago. We have been a long time fan of Rick Bayless and were eager to try out his food. We arrived around 1pm for a late lunch and were greeted and seated quickly. My wife had ordered the street food trio and I went with the Steak Tacos Al Carbon. As an appetizer we ordered the chips and two salsas. For drinks we went with their non alcoholic fruit drink. We ordered our food at the same time the table next to us ordered. They were a party of three, we were a party of two. They were brought out their appetizers and food before we had even received our appetizer. When our waitress noticed that our appetizers had not been served, I observed her speaking with a gentleman behind the counter and then disappearing. The gentleman then brought out the appetizer but made no apology for the delay. The table next to us had finished their meal by the time ours made it to our table. Again with no apology or explanation as to why it took so long for us to receive our meal. The staff really dropped the ball on this one. The food however was quite tasty. My wife enjoyed her street food trio and I enjoyed my Tacos al carbon. But in all honesty, the lack of professionalism by the staff to handle the situation correctly will make this the only time I visit this establishment.One of the best, if not the best, Mexican restaurants I've been to. You feel Rick Bayless' love of Mexican food in its menu and refined preparation. I particularly loved the lamb in mole. The margaritas also have the right balance of tequila and lime. I really hope he will open one in NYC.I went because I've watched Rick on TV for years and loved his show.  A friend and I went for lunch and there was a 90 min wait for a table, but the bar was half empty, so we sat there immediately.  Service was great.  I ordered the street food sampler and it was pretty good.  It wasn't typical Mexican but it wasn't outstanding.  My friend had some chicken dish and I tried some and it wasn't outstanding either.  The herbal tea I got was the best I ever had.  Also the chocolate pecan pie was amazing.  I'm glad I went because it was an experience while I was on a business trip, but I don't think I'd go there regularly if I lived there.  The food was good, but it wasn't good enough to spend that much money.Although I love good tex-mex, truly authentic and delicious Mexican food is certainly a rarity. No tacos or burritos here, instead we get a full, seasonally-changing menu that highlights the true diversity of Mexican cuisine. There are probably items on the menu here you can't get anywhere else in the midwest.As far as the food, I remember it being extremely good although not quite mind-blowing. Although I didn't have any margaritas, people whose opinions I trust have raved about them, so I'm sure they're worth it. Dessert was also delicious, and coffee fans will be happy to know that they use Illy espresso.You can do dinner for two here for less than $100, and considering the uniqueness of the experience and the plethora of expensive restaurants in Chicago, I think it's worth it.Absolutely outstanding food and ambiance.  We arrived for dinner a mere 15 minutes after opening and were told that we were facing a 2+ hour wait.  Luckily, we were able to score a table in the bar, which serves the same menu as the dining room.  Dinner was fantastic, service was pleasant.  However, as good as the food was, I don't know that I'd wait over 2 hours for a table.  I only rate it so high because we had the good fortune of sitting in the bar and our food really was superb.Absolutely love this place- the ambience, the food, the Margaritas!The menu is really classy and the goat milk ice-cream is awesome.Went here for brunch on the recommendation of a friend. Loved the atmosphere, the chips, and the guac. We had to wait quite a while for our server to show up and for our guac, but after that he was pretty on the ball. The food was so/so. I ordered some egg/steak thing in a corn tortilla smothered with cheese. It was mushy and didn't have much flavor (although the beans on the side rocked!). I can't remember what my boyfriend ordered, but it's his "hangover meal" in his hometown in Mexico, and he was not pleased. To him, "authentic" Mexican food is supposed to taste like it was "made at home," and this did not.Meh. Wouldn't go back.We waited 1 hour, 45 minutes for a table despite arriving right at 5 pm, but it was well worth it. I had a fabulous Mexican Mojito (possibly the most delicious drink I've ever had). We shared guacamole, and I had  Tacos al Carbon:  wood-grilled meat, poultry, fish or mushrooms sliced and served with roasted pepper rajas, two salsas, frijoles charros, guacamole and homemade tortillas. I had the pork version, which was divine! We tried to save room for dessert, but failed.Service was great. We dined outside and it was very enjoyable.I have always been a fan of Rick Bayless from his PBS shows and rooted for him on Top Chef Masters. I called on a Friday night for the following Tuesday lunch reservation at Frontera. They gave us an option of 11:30a or 1pm.When we arrived, there was not a wait and plenty of open tables. We started with Guacamole which came with two salsas and was good. We ordered Enchiladas de Mole Poblano, Enchiladas de Chivo and the Tuesday special with pork. The Enchiladas de Mole Poblano made with chicken was the best and very good. I'm not a black mole fan and really enjoyed this since it was not too sweet or smokey.Afterwards, we went to Xoco for churros and thick hot chocolate. For some reason the churros had a masa taste to them. Perhaps it's from the chips that are fried in the same oil or maybe it's one of the ingredients. Again, no wait.The food and drinks were top notch. I had heard that the mole was good and being a mole fan i tried it. It was amazing. I wanted to order another plate but I was already so full because of the size of my order. Great atmosphere as well. Go there order the mole and thank me later.I'm usually not one to splurge on gourmet mexican food, but after watching him dominate Top Chef Masters, I had to come visit. I also had a chance to meet him at the Green City Market BBQ, which was an awesome event. He genuinely a great character and I commend him for that!Appetizers: i) Tamal Al Guajillo (banana leaf wrapped tamal) and ii) Cazuela De Tinga (braised smoky maple creek pork shoulder with potatoes and chorizo). I was a bigger fan of the pork shoulder and it almost felt like a drier version of stew. Both tasted great in the corn tortilla shells. The Tamal had a bit less flavor and was just ok.Main course: i) Pato En Mole De Cachuate (duck breast in red peanut mole). After watching top chef masters and learning that he combines 20+ ingredients in his mole, I just had to try it. It did not disappoint! Great flavors and perfectly cooked duck breast.ii) Carne Asada A La Oaxaquena (angus steak). Eh. I was surprised to find the meat wasn't that tender and was even a bit stringy. I wouldn't order it again. iii) Falda Asada Brava (flank steak with spicy salsa). We probably went overboard with steak, but this dish was better. The hot sauce was no joke.iv) Wednesday night pork special. I forgot the exact name, but it was awesome. I'd come back for this and the duck mole dish again!For dessert, we had the Chocolate Pecan Pie, which was surprisingly light. I figured if Rick built out Xoco, he would have some tasty surprises.Overall, pretty good dinner. I'd give it 5 stars if the angus steak dish could have been executed better. The flank steak dish was better than average, but didn't blow me away. The style of the other dishes was exactly what I came to Frontera to experience.Been here a few times and have enjoyed each visit, but will focus on my last one for review purposes.Called the morning of our visit and was able to secure a reservation, which from what I understand is rather hard to do...pleasant surprise.  We were greeted prompty and seated a minute or two before our actual reservation, which is always a plus.Started off with their Topolo Margarita and didn't stop until we left.  Just a really good drink without frills.  Well, except for the table-side shaking of said drink.  Goes down like water, but with the added effect of making me think I'm good-looking and strong.Appetizer of Flautas de Puerco (crispy pork tacos in adobo) which were really good.  Earthy flavors and you could actually taste the pork, which you can't say for most places.  Entrees were done very nicely.  The Mahi Mahi in a almond/chile sauce that was out of this world.  Served on a bed of spinach.  The only part of my visit that I didn't like was my entree, Tacos al Carbon.  Grilled steak with fresh tortillas, guacamole and two types of salsa.  The flavor of these was incredible, but there could not have been more than 5 or 6 ounces of steak on my plate.  I'm not a heavy eater, but this was a little thin even by my standards.  For dessert, pear upside down cake served with walnuts and vanilla buttercream iced cream.  Very good dish.  And they have one of the best coffees I've ever had from Intelligentsia.  It's a single origin coffee from Oaxaca that is so naturally sweet and complex.  It was a real treat.   Overall, an excellent meal.  On a side note, this is one of those places where you get the bill and think to yourself, "That didn't seem like $xxx.xx worth of food".  But that is soon forgotten and you're up a good dining experience.I just went here for lunch for the first time recently.  The doors open at 11:30 and there's always a line down the street at that time.  We were pretty far down the line, but still got a seat right away.  I advise getting there early to avoid a long wait. The guacamole is some of the best i've ever had.  I split an order of chicken quesadillas with my friend which was good, nothing too spectacular.-Margs are fab!-Wait is ridiculous and I've never tried hard enough to get a reservation.-I stood by the bar and waited a few minutes to snag a seat and ate there. If you're alone it's the way to go.-Tuna app, both sweet and tangy-good stuff!-Bunuelos dessert- good stuff!Believe the hype! I visited Frontera with a group of friends for an early dinner on a Friday night. Our party of 6 was seated within 10 minutes of everyone arriving (disclaimer, we arrived at 5PM on the nose to put our names on the list).I started off with a mezcal margarita. It was shaken at the table, and poured in to a salted margarita glass. The color was a pinkish orange, the flavor was smoky and delicious. Drink two of these, and you're ready for the worm! ha!We started out with some guacamole, it was fresh and flavorful. I particularly enjoyed the paper thin radishes that garnished the dip. It added a wonderful crunch!My entree was the Chilpachole de Mariscos. It consisted of mussels, shrimp, scallops and corn dumplings in  a spicy chili sauce. The seafood was fresh and delicious. The mussels were gigantic! The largest, freshest and tastiest I have ever eaten. The sauce was simple and added a little bit of spice. A perfect compliment to the delicious seafood.For dessert I had the Tartaleta de Pinon con Caramelo. Absolutely decadent! The home made whip cream was thick, sweet and wonderful. And the salted caramel corn gave the dessert a toothy crunch and a bit of salty contrast. it was wonderful.I will be back, and would gleefully wait 2 hours to eat here again.This place is solid. It's special without being pretentious, casual without being unclassy. It's warm but not bright, cheerful but not loud. I had some oysters, a limeade, and a tamarind-honey duck breast. It was very good. Not change-your-life, I-have-to-come-back-tomorrow good, but I'd be happy to come back another time with or without people.It looks like your average Latin restaurant, but Rick Bayless drizzles your meal with magic before he serves it to you. Perfect guacamole. Tantalizing Tocolo margaritas.My date had the Marisquera de Lujo, and I had the Catch of the Day. A-maz-ing.  And that was just lunch.  Can't wait to go back for dinner.The bar in this place must be seen! The decor is authentic and flashy but the margaritas are all substance, no flash.  They are on a different plane than the Gatorade and tequila they serve in much of Houston. I ordered a duck taco al carbon.  The duck was cooked perfectly after being rolled in coffee to give it a nice earthy flavor.  The tortillas were light corn that were doubled for strength.  The guacamole was out of this world.For a Texan who thought "Mexican food sucks North of Denton",  Frontera was an eye-opening expedience!Must go when you are in Chicago or live in Chicago for great food by Rick Bayless one of the best chefs in the nation!We went there while waiting for our table at Topolobampo, you seriously cannot go wrong with any drinks you get or any of the foods or apps.Nothing I can say about Frontera that hasn't been said 522 times (as of this writing). So I will join the chorus that approves of Rick Bayless' courageous experiment in Mexican fine dining.I can't give Frontera five stars, even ignoring the long waits (which is only fair). My meals here have been very good, but occasionally the food has been inconsistent.At this point, I will only do Topolo since I haven't had a chance to go for the highest end Bayless experience yet.Great cocktails, great food, great service.  I took my girlfriend here for her birthday.  We had heard how busy it gets and how they give only very limited reservations so we showed up at 6:00 pm on a Thursday night.  We were told it was going to be an hour and half wait.  We were ok with that so we went up to the packed bar and ordered some margaritas.  They were delicious.  If people don't think that these were amazing they don't like tequila.  They were perfect.  After our first margarita we were called for our table... so that was only approximately 30 minutes.  We were quite pleased.  We ordered 2 appetizers to try some different things.  Oysters and the Yellowfin tuna cocktail.  The oysters were very good, but the tuna blew my mind.  It was served with tomatoes on top with guacamole on the bottom in a martini glass.  That recipe was perfectly designed for ultimate flavor.  By the time we ordered our entrées the whole place was packed.  There was barely anywhere for people to stand so I do recommend getting there early or be ready to stand waiting hours for a table.   For dinner we had amazing skirt steak.  The black beans were very boring and the rice was as well.  I get better black beans in the hole in the walls near my house in wheeling.The food is very expensive so I expect even the sides to be perfect which is my reason for giving 4 stars.  I walked out of there with a $220 bill.  Good thing I had a $100 gift card.  Granted... the bottle of wine was $75... and worth every penny!!!We met the manager while we were waiting on our entrées.  She personally poured our wine.   We showed that we like to talk and she sat with us for about 10 minutes shooting the breeze about the wine I chose... which was also amazing!  Portuguese everything is great!   The manager listened when i said that we were there for my girlfriend's birthday and without saying anything she sent out a chocolate cake and spicy ice cream for a free desert.  I do not expect such things from upper class restaurants and was quite happy to see how well they treat their customers.Finally checked this place out.  Had amazing ceviche and sopes rancheros for appetizers.  Then the duck breast with mole as my main course.  It was fantastic.  Even saw Mr. Bayless in the dining area.  Had a great ginger mojito and finished the night off with flan.The service was a bit spotty in the beginning, and it was a little loud and packed tight.  But huge props for the fact that I called around 3 pm and was able to make a reservation that evening for two.  I will definitely be returning to check out the menu in the summer.  Maybe next time just a couple flights of civiche- so amazing and fresh.we were so excited about going here, we've been long time fans of Mr. Rick Bayless and we love XOCO to death, and frontera did not disappoint our food and margaritas were outstanding. it was hands down on of the best dinning experiences of my life!get the mezcal margarita and mole, it's a match made in heaven.So this review is a bit late coming but here goes.So I found myself in town during the great blizzard of 2011.  I had already tried xoco and pretty much given up the idea of frontera grill (not a big fan of waits), and then the storm hit.  Being from NE, I looked outside and despite the armageddon warnings on tv, put on my trusty hat/gloves/boots and decided to go to frontera grill.  I was surprised to find that it was still fairly filled but nothing horrible.  I decided to opt for the less casual bar.  I ordered a combo of things: duck tacos, fried plantains with cheese, lime tart, and a beer.  I found all of the food to be a great take on modern mexican food.  It was all cooked to order and nothing was lacking in flavor.  Rick bayless even came by to visit with those of us at the bar.  I am not sure if I would have waited 3 hours for a table here but it was the perfect place to go on a snowy/windy night.Just went back last month and was able to try a few different things.  Granted, both times I've been were for brunch, but if they can have that kind of level of quality for huevos rancheros, etc....then I can only imagine that dinner is even better.Outstanding food. 4.5 stars.Oh Frontera and Rick Bayless, you are the reason we flew all the way to Chicago and you made it all worthwhile. So glad I made reservations a month ahead. All I could get was 9pm on a wednesday, so I nabbed it. We arrived a half hour early and they seated us immediately.The highlights were the fresh guacamole with sun dried tomatoes and the fresh dry packed scallops ceviche and the cochinita pibil on a banana leaf. Oh the dessert was yummy too, sour cream ice cream and toasted peanuts with dark rum drizzled with goat milk caramel. I never thought Mexican could be fine dining. Rick, you proved me wrong! Oops they were going to serve us our entrees which we were still eating apps. So the server turned around quickly. But I noticed later that our dishes were warm and sitiing on the counter for a while. Beans were mushy.My husband was impressed that the waiter was able to get him a beer that he was eyeing at the next table. They did not have any more at the restaurant so they went next door to their sister restaurant Xoco to get it. Yipes! The Baudelaire IO from Jolly Pumpkin was not cheap at 25 bucks! (but it was cheaper than Publican which was $36!) it was a rare brew and was delicious.Pricy but very fresh foods. Can we see your rooftop garden next time?I've waited years to try Frontera and finally got my chance this past weekend.  The wait at 2pm on a Saturday, was still an hour.  The wait isn't bad due to the great bar, tasteful decor and accomodating staff.  The music level is kinda loud, but works.  It's loud enough that you can't overhear the table next to you.  The artwork is tasteful and keeps your eyes as entertained as the food does for your tastebuds.As far as the food, it was right on par with what I expected.  We started off with the sopes rancheros.  The flavor combonation between the spiced beef, tomato and avacodo against the fried masa was great.  I do with the masa cake was a little more crisp though.  For entrees, I had the duck tacos and my wife had the chicken mole enchiladas.  The duck had been marinated in adobo and seared over hardwood fire, giving it a nice spicy and smokey flavor.  the duck wa served with sauteed poblanos and onion, along with fresh masa tortillas.  My wifes mole enchiladas were great as well.  The mole was sweet but not overpowering, with nice notes of cilantro and garlic anlong the cocoa.  If you have the time, don't hesitate to try this place.Ive been here twice with my friend, I suggest early arrival or expect to wait! We literally got here 15min before they opened and there was a line down the block...luckily neither of us is picky and we always opt to sit at the bar, and fortunately have gotten seats immediately.  I believe we tried all of their cazuelas, perfect for two people, almost like sampling a little bit of everything.  I wish i could remember which of the dishes i enjoyed the most but the menu changes frequently, if not seasonally.  Either way, its all good!! The drink menu changes frequently too so dont hesitate or second guess trying a drink because i may not be there the next time you come back to visit and you will have lost the opportunity to taste it!! I do remember a tamarindo margarita they served at one point, it was delicious and innovative. Definately a place i will be returning to.Oh and i just wanted to add, one of the tastiest micheladas and largest ones ive had!!Have gone for lunch and dinner -- the wait sucks for both since you can't make a reservation, but that's just part of the deal.  So be prepared to sit at the bar drinking and laughing with friends.  The red salsa -- smokey, wonderful lil crack habit of mine.  The Frontera red pepper & garlic salsa sold in stores is very close to it if not the same thing.  So you can continue the party at home and be as naughty as you like.  Ceviche -- just pick one, it'll be delicious and refreshing.  I enjoy jicama -- both the food and the word -- and the ceviche will gives me the excuse to enjoy both.  Gorditas de Carnitas - great lil appetizer.  Totally dumbed down explanation - it's a kick ass sope.  If you don't know what a sope is - I don't like you as much as I did when I met you.  (But I'll wait for you...)Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena - marinated steak (yes, please), black beans (good God, yes please), and plaintains w/ sour cream (I would steal this from a baby)Champagne Margarita - wicked awesome* but really $$$*I hate margaritas, so that's saying a lot.Pan de Muerto, Estilo Nuevo - didn't care for this.  Was rather dry and sounded so much better on paper.   I have consistently been disappointed with the desserts in general here, and considering how good everything else is, that's why I would give this 4 stars.  I want the last thing I have to send me off on a high note.  If anyone can recommend a great one, I'm all ears.I've been here a few times. Frontera had a 5-star standing with me for a while, but after my last experience it dropped one star. I've had a variety of duck, fish, and pork dishes here. The flavors are always so interesting and complex. The cocktails are ALWAYS incredible. I credit Frontera for helping me to overcome my fear of tequila, which is fun. I also love the space inside - bright and inspiring. Some of my best meals there have been at the bar when the wait was too long for a table. The bar has such a good energy!Reason for the star drop: I ordered a rib special sometime in June. The flavors were pretty good, but a little too spicy (and I LOVE spice) and the meat was super dry. Surprisingly dry. Later on, I saw Rick Bayless eating his own rack of ribs at a nearby table, and almost wanted to ask him - "hey, are yours dry too? is this how you wanted them to taste?"Love this place too much to hold the dry rib incident against them for too long, but I definitely won't forget it.I hate to be the bad one to deliver the news... but this place is way over rated.The food is good, it is not great.  And it is definitely not worth waiting in line for.  Would I eat here again, sure.  It is edible.Went here three or four times in the last 12 months.  This place has been around for years so I am expecting that they have perfected their dishes and know what they are doing.  Order the steak a couple of times and they are hit and miss - it was served overdone at one time which to me is unforgivable for a place like this.  Ordered the duck breast in two different occasions and both times missed it completely - un-evenly cooked and overdone (I'm not even sure how that is possible but they managed to do it).  My motto is, if you can't cook it the proper way, then do not put it on your menu.  The drinks are good.  Still, much too much hype for what you get.  It is a downtown option for dining but I think you would be surprised with what you can find nearby that is MUCH better than this place.This would have been a 2.5 stars but no half star ratings here.  So... Frontera, you can thank me for the extra half star that you do not deserve.My husband and I went to eat at Frontera Grill with my brother-in-law and his girlfriend last weekend while we were in town visiting. My brother-in-law picked the restaurant because it was where he and his girlfriend had their first date (and he ended up proposing to her that night!). The wait was almost unbearable. We showed up around 5pm and waited until about 7:30pm for a table. I cannot imagine waiting any longer than that, but of course, there were people who did. The thing my brother-in-law didn't know was that they now take reservations. Definitely suggest that if you can do that ahead of time.My husband had one of their Blue Agave Margarita's and he said it was delicious but strong. He was a little bit buzzed since we had a round of drinks while waiting for our table on empty stomachs.When we were finally seated, the table ordered chips and guacamole for appetizer. I am not a fan of guacamole in general but this one was very smooth and tasteful. When it came time to order, both my husband and I were salivating over the carne asada. It was absolutely wonderful. A pretty large portion for me so I ended up taking about half of it home! My husband ate his whole plate. Yum yum yum!I love Rick Bayless and I've always been a fan.  The food was really good. That's just what it was; good.  I sort of had higher expectations of this place. The guac was ok--chunky which was nice, but very bland and served with chips that were sort of stale. (we were also served small portions of 3 different frontera salsas). I ordered the polenta and my friend ordered the smoked pork loin. The atmosphere is lively, bright, loud and bustling, but the service is very prompt and friendly. Also note---the margaritas are delicious! This is a great place to go to with large groups, friends, etc. We walked into the bar of Topolobamp for additional cocktails. Again, friendly/prompt service.4.5 Stars for this Rick Bayless spot. We made this one of our must stop during our visit on chi-town since seeing him winning it all on Top Chef Masters. When we arrived before opening time there was already a line of people waiting outside. So be sure to get there early to cut down on the wait time!Food was all excellent as all previous reviewer had mention.  We got all the recommended items like Trio Ceviche, Mole, Duck, Sopes, Duo Flan of course guacamole and chips! We were very wow'd by the level of favors and intensity in each dish, from deep and rich, to light and just right. The Flan was one of the best I had. This was the most authentic Mexican meal I had ever had before, from the start of the appetizer to the ending of the dessert.  Will definitely be trying out all of Rick's other restaurant when we come back to visit again!I went here for brunch this past weekend. There was no wait to sit inside, but there was a small wait to sit at the outdoor patio. Our waiter was nice and helpful. We ordered the hot cakes indgenas, which were served with whipped goat cheese, agave syrup, red chile glazed bacon, and 2 sunny-side up eggs. Very good dish--I was a little surprised that the goat cheese was sweet. I expected and wish it was savory, but it was still delicious. All the flavors worked together, and it was best eaten combining all parts of the dish. The huevos estilo "el bajio" came with a creamy chili poblano sauce that was amazing!Can't wait to go back for dinner!!Was looking forward to this meal, unfortunately it was just okay. All the food was good, but nothing we ordered was amazing in its entirety. We had the snack food trio appetizer. One out of the three items were yummy, the other two were unremarkable. Both entrees were good, but for the price, wait, and hype... the meals didn't match up.My husband and I went here last weekend since we had heard so many good things about it.  We had to try it for ourselves.First of all, four stars for service.  Our server was excellent.  He seemed to enjoy his job and he was knowledgeable about the menu.The food is only worth three stars to us (four stars for the starters and two stars for the entrees).  My husband's ceviche was excellent and so was my tamale.  We were very underwhelmed by the main dishes, though.  My husband had the fish of the day and it was extremely bland.  I had the chicken milanesa.  It was no better than something I could have had at one of your standard chain restaurants.  It was three deep fried chicken breasts stacked on top of each other.  This caused the coating to get soggy.  There was barely any salsa on it.  The only item that had flavor on this mess was the pickled cabbage.  I was so disappointed and we won't be going here again.This is a little too touristy and over priced. The food seems to have lost its zest over the years. I would not recommend it.Awesome food....awesome service...tried the mushroom grilled soft taco....amazing sauce....good atmosphere too...shld def try if in downtown....not a place to miss and price is reasonable too....Just. Don't. Go. food was bad. took 2 hrs just to get served our waters. finally brought food out as they were closing.  2 hours of my life wasted and I didn't even eat because the food came out cold. GARBAGE!The Food gets four stars... the service and wait get 2 stars.... blah...Well have heard some rave reviews about this place, so we decided to have dinner there for a birthday for a party of nine... Calling the rest. you will find out they dont take reservations for large parties, only parties of 3 or less, so you have to go to the restaurant at 5pm to put your name on the waiting list... (thats why there is always a line outside before they open), so we did and they told us table would be ready by 7:30, so we came back then,  but we were not seated till 8:30, the waiting is too much.  We were seated outside on the patio, thankfully its semi covered, cause there was a huge thunderstorm that night, the wind was blowing rain all over the table, not the best, they didnt offer the guests sitting outdoors an indoor table... Service wise, not the best, just too busy, i guess. As for the food, it was really good... the guac was the best I ever had, yummmmm... make sure you get that.  Had the carne asada platter with plantains, very good, the carne was more like a steak and cooked well, very flavorful.... The duck my friend order was ok... not a big recommendation on that...  Tried several drinks, mango mojito and reg. mojito, which were average....Overall the food was good, but not worth that kind of wait to get in.... actually no restaurant is, esp. to sit outside in the rain :(  Despite the rain, we still had a great time and the food was really good :)I was saving my first review for a really great dining experience, but i had to write about Frontera instead. I had no expectations of this place or Bayless coming in, so my experience is fairly unbiased and raw. You'll see a lot of Bayless fans here who've waited to try his place, and perhaps that factors in to a good rating, but please do read some of the bad reviews and decide on your own, with a tempered view of what this place is hyped up to be.We got there at 9, and put our names down. I saw a couple waiting outside like us and had assumed they were also waiting for a table. 15 min passed by in the cold and rain, only to find that they were waiting for the valet to bring their car. I thought... "uh oh, it's not a good sign when the valet service takes 15 minutes.This was a Thursday night, and we finally got seated at 9:45. Ok, so that's annoying but that's acceptable. But i will add that there isn't a particular reason why they can't do their reservations better, and there isn't a good reason for a 45 min wait when it's that late for dinner on a Thur night. We get seated near the entrance, and i notice that there are 4 women around the reception desk; two handling the seating and two just literally standing there. We have no water, and we're missing one table setting, but they didn't seem too concerned. Finally someone comes by and gives us water, and we have to remind him twice to get us an extra table setting.Our waitress takes the drink order, and doesn't bother to tell us about their daily special dishes or anything that's good whatsoever; fine, maybe that's just how it is here. We order some appetizers. She brings out my beer, and puts it in front of the wrong person (i was the only one that ordered a drink, so how hard is it to remember this?). I slowly move the glass and beer toward me (so she'd notice), but she didn't and it didn't seem to matter one bit that she served the wrong person. She later comes around again to take our main order and when two of us indicated to her we wanted the daily special (lamb) she told us they were all out of it. She apologized for this, but it's fairly mindless not to point this out and having the two of us to go through the menu again to order our entree. So at this point we're starving - at least the appetizers came out in acceptable time.I ordered their pork loins and this other friend who wanted the special ordered enchiladas. We haven't eaten since lunch and we were starved, and pretty much anything at this point would have been good to eat, but the dishes were hard to finish. My pork was, as my friends described it "funky", dry, and certainly not particularly Mexican. It was bland with some weird sauce, and i was not pleased. My friend only ate half of his dish.At some point, my friend spilled a whole glass of water, which spilled on to the floor near the entrance. This was done right in front of the two Mexican ladies i mentioned earlier. minutes passed... nothing done, and now my feet are in the water a bit as well. I kept looking at them like "Are you guys gonna ask someone to clean this up?" and finally after a good 10 minutes, someone wiped it off the floor. I mean, it didn't bother me too much, but what if someone took a spill there? It's just total disregard for safety and just the basic desire to keep the place to some standard. And it's now nearly 11 PM, and things are not that busy.By the end of the night, it had taken us 2 hours to finish out dinner, and we weren't being too social or chatty. I don't think they even thanked us or said goodbye when we left.As with many people, i expect to have great food and service, or at least for one to make up for the shortcomings of the other. Frontera doesn't have either of these... the food isn't anything that blows the mind or the palette; It didn't occur to me that I was even having Mexican. Service, decor and environment (noisy enough to make you talk louder) can definitely use an overhaul, and the staff there should be all replaced with some real pros. I hear Bayless tries to keep it as authentic as possible and keeps the staff that way as well (lazy and inattentive, i guess is "authentic") but i am not paying $30 for an entree in Mexico, so either make the service better or bring down the price to match  - I've gotten better food and service at a $15 place.Frontera Grill is an outstanding restaurant because both food and drink strike the balance of flavor and creativity.  Big, bold, authentic Mexican flavors are given special treatment and enjoy superb execution.Let's start off at the bar.  These are the best margaritas I've ever had.  They're done martini style, premium tequila and liquor shaken perfectly with freshest sweet and sour.  The food is excellent.  You can taste the supreme quality of ingredients used in all the dishes: fresh fish, delicious free range beef, juicy duck breast.  Good enough on their own, at Frontera the food is accompanied by decadent sauces.  Rich cream, fresh avacodo, cilantro, tomatillo, roasted tomatoe and chillis all delight the palette with the flavors of Mexico.If I had to fault Fronera Grill for anything, I'd say the service is not as good as the food.  Expect long waits any night of the week, and on occaision the hosts seem a bit aloof.  Servers are attentive, but not always that friendly.Frontera is a little bit expensive, you pay a premium for the celebrity status of Chef Bayless, but not worse than most downtown restaurants and the culinary delights in my opinion are certainly worth it.I was so looking forward to walking away with a awesome review!  But I can't do that!  After we finally managed to get a seat (Monday night) at the bar without having to wait for 2 hours I was excited to get things started!  After the bartender finally acknowledged us he said to us, "what do you need?" Not good!!  I said excuse me!  He realized I was a bit upset so he tried to smooth things out a bit.  So to make a long story short, I ordered something off the menu that I didn't ever have nor could I pronounce, same with my girlfriend, she wanted to do the same!  But it was so busy the bartender didn't bother to explain a thing to us he just said you'll like everything on the menu!  I've seen this guy who owns this place on TV for the last many years!  He makes it all look so good!  That's what I wanted, so I ordered some sort of duck dish.  My g/f ordered some sort of pork dish!  My duck dish was so skimpy and tough, the flavors tasted burnt and it should of been classified as a appetizer, exact same with hers!  So all I can say is we hurried in finished and got the heak out of their and went down the street to a real mexican restaurant and ate!  Read the review!  Don't come here hungry, the prices are stupid expensive.  And I will not recommend this place to anyone!Like ya! Tired of the same old taco? (no pun intended)Check this place out, you'll never think of Mexican food in the same light again. You're gonna pay more than at your typical Taco Bell kids, but it's worth it. Bring a date here and she'll be impressed with your exploration and creativity. Hell, after dinner walk across the street and catch a show at the Baton - they always offer a uniquely good time...If I were basing this review off of drinks, atmosphere, appetizers and deserts 4 and half stars.  But since I must include the entree..3.   I went with 5 other people and it was a consensus around the table that we should have just doubled up on appetizers because our meal was pretty blah and not worth the price. I had the catch of the day (swordfish)- lots of fat still on it and surprisingly gummy.  The tomato sauce was excellent...but not enough to save the dish.I recommend going for drinks and appetizers...only.I have to agree with most Yelpers and say that Frontera is pretty good. I went with Jason O. and some friends and we waited approximately an hour or so to get seated. During the wait we had some OK cocktails. After visiting some of the craft cocktail lounges in Chicago, I have to say that Chef Bayless needs to hire a better mixologist. One issue that turned me off was that the margaritas are pre-mixed and iced at the bar and then shaken at the table, diluting it improperly.On to the food, the sampler platter guac good, "quesadillas" okay, flautas okay, the jicama salad was great. I ordered the Catfish "Pibil" excellent especially with habanero sauce (seemed like a Mexican boullaibaisse). One this about the food is that it uses too much of his smoked chili salt. It was interesting at first, but then got pretty boring. I would definitely come back here to try out new dishes. A very solid restaurant that may need some work on its cocktails.What a treat! Dining at Frontera was toppermost of our must-do list for our weekend visit and it did not disappoint at all! We started with a couple Spring Green Bloody Marys (WOW - we even make these at home, they're so good) and the sunfish ceviche appetizer. Just divine, would definitely order that again, A++.For my brunch entree I had the skirt steak tacos - the beans on the side were fantastic, with a smoked pork taste. The steak and tortillas were nice but I'd probably try something else next time, it was good but didn't really "shake my soda", as they say. The guy had chicken enchiladas in a mole poblano, it was very filling and definitely rocked his world. I don't know how we ate all that food plus the green bloody marys (Maria Verde?!) but we left Frontera very happy! Thank you Rick Bayless - another trip to Frontera, and also a meal at Topolo, are both on our list for the next trip.The thing is, the ceviche really is that good.  If you order nothing but the ceviche trio, it will have been worth the wait.  The guacamole is excellent, although the portion is pretty small (if you're used to CA generosity with all things avocado, be prepared for something less generous), and the chips are fresh and yummy.The summer margarita reminds you what margaritas can be like, and the hint of cucumber is as refreshing as it sounds.The main dishes we had were good, but not exceptional.  The swordfish and shrimp was good, but not the shazzam we expected after the ceviche goodness we started with.  The mole was underwhelming, but good enough.Honestly, the Ceviche Trio is enough to make me want to return.  But I'll probably stick to the small plates and skip the main courses altogether.The wait was long, but what else can you expect at a place as well known.  But it wasn't the 2-3 hours promised, and the staff was friendly and professional.A friend and I went here for Saturday brunch.  I didn't know what time the place opened but we lucked out and got there at 10:15 AM, and turns out they open at 10:30.  So we had to wait in line outside for 15 minutes but it turned out for the best because the line quickly got longer and we would have had a much longer wait had we not arrived so early.I had heard good things about Frontera and of course was familiar with Rick Bayless from TV.  I sometimes suffer from an inability to properly manage my expectations, causing me to be disappointed in a place that was ok because I was expecting spectacular.  Frontera, however, did not disappoint.  The atmosphere was nice, a bit loud once the place got packed but not so loud that it hindered conversation.I ordered a meal that was basically scrambled eggs with gulf shrimp, avocado, etc. with black beans, and verde salsa.  All of it was fantastic and the bottled hot sauce that sits on the table was also fantastic.  I should have bought some to bring home with me.  My friend ordered the white corn pancakes.  She liked them very much.  I tried a bite of just the pancake without the topping or syrup and it was one of the best pancakes I've ever had.  I got the impression that I could have gotten a different thing off the menu each time and be happy with the choice.  Everything looked so good.  Def coming here again.  My advice - get here early or late to avoid long waits.Now I know alcohol can impair judgment, but I did not realize how much until now. I first visited Frontera Grill July, 2010 for my 30th birthday. Being new to the city, I was not aware of the fact that the restaurant needed at least an 8 week notice for reservation. We put our names in a 5 pm and were seated around 730. In the meantime, we all indulged in a couple of cocktails. I dont know if it was the alcohol or the hunger, but when we finally got our food, it felt as though every bite was a heavenly explosion of spicy goodness. From the ceviche, to the queso fundido, not a single appetizer was a disappointment.At that time, they had a flank steak on their menu. I had it prepared medium rare...OMG amazing. My friend got ribs, which for not being a BBQ place, were amazing! The only mildly disappointing thing ordered were the chicken tacos...oh well. No one can be 100% perfect.Fast forward to April, 2011.  My friend and I wanted to relive the experience of Frontera Grill.  Before her visit, she made reservations in February so that when she came we would not have to wait!  They were prompt in seating us for our Saturday, 9 pm reservation. Unfortunately, the promptness ended there.When seated, we ordered some specialty drinks and tortilla soup for an appetizer.  I would say almost 15 or 20 minutes went by and there was no soup or drinks in sight.  The waiter FINALLY came by and realized we hadn't received either. He apologized, went back to the kitchen, and brought out our soups.  I am pretty sure that Chili's serves a better tortilla soup than what we ate.  Not only was it beyond salty, it had been sitting so long, it was cold. Oh, and we finally received our drinks after half an hour. I think they had alcohol in them? Theoretically, we paid for alcholic drinks.Sadly, the meal wasn't any better.  I ordered a steak dish, medium well.  It was cooked ok, but the cut of meat was pretty mediocre.  It was chewy/grainy and kept getting stuck in my teeth.  As far as flavor is concerned, I almost want to say I had a better experience at Las Tablas. I am normally a fan of Mexican Rice, but I think instead of making their own, I swear they substituted the rice for Uncle Ben's.  Terrible.I had to choose 3 stars vs. any lower since the first time was phenomenal. Whether I ever go back, I dont know.  I feel like the disappointment almost ranked as high as being dumped.To start off I am a huge Food Network fan and have been curious to try Rick Bayless' food for quite a while!  So when I had some friends visit from NYC it was the perfect place to go!  I have to say I absolutely loved the energy and the vibe  It's hard for me to describe the interior, but it brought me to some distant (fun) place in Mexico...very colorful, filled with art work that in my opinion resembled Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) -- which is actually more like a colorful celebration honoring those that have passed.  Maybe I got that impression from the skeletons randomy placed on walls...either way it was actually very fun to look at.Okay so now to the food...everything I've tasted was just delicious.  Since there were four of us, I got to sample quite a few things off the menu.  We started off with margaritas which were great.  Then ahi tuna ceviche (amazing), guacamole & chips.  By that time I was pretty much stuffed, but I ordered the Tamal De Elote (sweet corn tomale in banana leaves) and Tinga Poblana (pork shoulder braised with roasted tomatoes, homemade chorizo & potatoes. avocado, queso fresco).  Tinga Poblana was one of my favorite things I've ever eaten - seriously.  I've also tried some of the Tamal De Chile Poblano (corn tamale), Carne Asada, Verduras Borrachas and Enchiladas De Mole Poblano that my friends ordered, which were all equally as good as the rest of the items I've had.  And of course what's better than following up all of this with some ice cream? More specifically, fresh apricot with torres orange liqueur along side some bittersweet hot fudge.... Ah salivating right about now :)Just GOOOO there!This is the 3rd time I've been here, and it's always a few years in between each visit.  The reason is this: when I go, I'm never blown away like everyone else.  And then I decide not to go back until enough time passes that I've heard enough people say "oh Frontera grill?  I love that place!" and then I go back.Today was more of the same.  Went there for lunch with 2 old friends.  We had no problem getting a table which was great.  Even though we were clearly chatting and catching up and kept telling the waitress "we need a few minutes," she kept coming back and asking for our order.  We asked for recommendations and she recommended the 3 specials which were all entree sized and nothing else.  I thought that was a little weird, but whatever.After we were badgered to order, our food took a LONG time to arrive, during which time we were not checked on, even though the place was not very crowded.  We ordered guac which was tasty, but received that before ordering our entress, so no other appetizers or anything to worry about during that long wait.I ordered one of the fish specials, which was good but not memorable.  It was a moist and flavorful piece of fish in some sauce.  The accompanying polenta cakes were very good.  I also enjoyed my horchata.My main gripe would be the price - my friend pointed out that my fancy dish was about the same (or less) food than he had on his $10 appetizer dish.  And it was also FREEZING in there.  There must have been a door open.It's good but not mind blowing, and if I had to wait for this, I think I would go elsewhere.  Try Nuevo Mexicano (and their straight up margarita) which is delicious and you can always get a reservation.  I know it's not Rick Bayless, but they have some more interesting dishes, and I think the service is better.Food and drinks were awesome. All the recommendations from my server were spot on. Pellizcadas de Chivo are delicous--get them even if trying goat makes you nervous. Guacamole was some of the best I've had. Can't wait to come back!Like you need MY review to confirm what is common knowledge. Frontera Grill is top notch. We started, as nearly every other table in the place, with the most incredible guacamole. It stands up to the hype. Then because I was feeling totally adventurous, I tried the Tuesday night special, which was goat. I've never eaten goat before and I can't say it was on my "to eat" list, but I was satisfied with my risky choice. It was rich in flavor and prepared so that it had the texture of a perfectly fork tender beef roast. I probably should have stopped 5 to 10 bites before I did because I left no room in my tummy for dessert. But I could not put my fork down. Really, it was that good. I eagerly look forward to our next visit to Frontera Grill.Food was all excellent, especially the yellowtail ceviche. Blood Orange Margarita should not be missed. I had the skirt steak tacos, whose leftovers were great for lunch the next day. The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because of the floor. Rick Bayless, you really need to do something about the floor. It has a serious pitch to it (specifically the wall that separates the bar and main floor). So much so that upon being seated at our table my drink was on the verge of spilling when it was placed on the table. So we were moved to another table. Same problem, although to a lesser degree.Everyone knows Frontera Grill.  If you are one of the "it's overrated" folks than we won't see eye to eye. We waited in line and have no regrets.Apps: The Trio of Ceviche is ridiculous. The Huarache de Carnitas is a show stopper. The Tamales de Elote balanced the spiciness of the Carnitas. Entree: Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena is INSANE! Comes with 2 sauces that I was almost afraid to use on the steak as it's kind of blasphemy, it's so good on it's own, but the sauces are amazing as well. The black beans and sweet plantains make my mouth water now and I'm still full from the meal.Dessert: A Duo of Flan was a true surprise in that they were so unique from each other. One traditional, one more experimental. Both beyond any flan's I've ever had. Even the coffee selection is tough as they have unique types made just for the restaurant.BUT most importantly our service was OUTSTANDING. Our server's name was Maria and she walked us through the menu and her favorites and never lead us astray. When we go back I hope to be seated in her section as she made the experience so much fuller.The atmosphere is a little bit loud and crowded, but that is a minor detail.  The food was very good - if you are a fan of seafood, definitely order the oysters and ceviche.  They were the highlight of my meal.  I also had the drink, Jueves, which was delicious, and the enchiladas de mole for dinner, which were good.  I give it 4 stars because I prefer a little bit more of a sophisticated atmosphere, and I thought the mole could have been just a little bit tastier.  Also, my enchiladas came with just a side of black beans - I guess I was just expecting something a bit more interesting for the entree.Very good value, and I would definitely go again (especially for the oysters and ceviche).I wanted to like it because it was one of the things I looked forward to in Chicago!  Unfortunately it was a bit disappointing.It was crazy that people had to line up before it opened for dinner.  The dining area wasn't big at all.  If your place in line was at the entrance of Xoco, you probably would not be in the first round.  Just to give you an idea, I had lined up 15 minutes before it opened on a Friday evening, and the group of 4 before me was told a 2 hour wait.Their drinks were really good.  Torn among the different choices, I chose Blood Orange Margarita from the seasonal menu and Champagne Margarita from the classic menu.  Bubbly margarita was good, not outstanding, but blood orange with Jamaican sugar on the rim was perfectly balanced between sweet and sour.  The Mole Trio was more like a sampler rather than different flavors complementing each other.  Two of the three moles were either too salty or too vinegary.  The only one mole that I had enjoyed was the roasted veggie with pumpkin seeds.  It was rich, earthy and aromatic--ummm I could still remember the taste a month later.Last note, although this place did not work for me, on my way out of Chicago I had stopped by Tortas Frontera at O'Hare.  It was hands down the best airport food ever.I had the Pozole rojo and it was fantastic!!! great Margaritas and a fun crowd.everything looked good around me and the staff is verity nice.The food was delicious! We love Rick Bayless and have made at leats 50 of his recipes in the past year. The only reason I am not giving Frontera Grill a 5 star rating is due to service.Our waiter was friendly, but very inattentive. We sat with no drinks, not even water for the majority of the meal, we were charged with guacamole that we did not order, our waiter "forgot" to order our ceviche then, charged us for it even though after waiting 40 minutes for it we finally had to ask him were it was in order to get it (which by the way, he tried to talk us out of it by saying "but, your food is up,are you sure you want it?"), lastly, our waiter offered to bring us more tortillas (which we needed about half way through our entrees) then never came back to our table to check on us or deliver the tortillas. :( With all that said, I do believe I love Rick's food enough to consider going back. I just really hope they can take care of the service issues.Went there a couple of weeks ago, first time, and I was very impressed with the variety and quality of everything we got.I had the chicken in wild ramp crema tacos to start, which were amazing. There were many other choices on the menu that looked tasty. I cant wait to go back and try them. I also had the chipotle glazed pork back ribs which were outstanding! I could taste the chipotle flavor and a little bit of heat with every bite. I had a mojito which was very tasty.I will definitely go back.My girlfriend and I are huge Rick Bayless fans.  The wait for food was incredibly long (~2 hours) but that is the only thing negative I have to say about the place.The food was absolutely mind blowing.  Words can't describe the flavors and the service.  The most amazing part was that the prices were really quite reasonable.  We started with the ceviche trio and the tacquitos.  The ingenuity of the flavors were astonishing.  Each had a very unique and different flavor profile.  My favorite was the lime, olive, yellow fin.  My girlfriend's was the big-eye over guacamole.  For dinner I had the Asada and my girlfriend did the shrimp.  The portions were enormous for the price and I can't tell you how delicious it was.  The servers clearly knew you had waited a long time and were extremely attentive and not pushy about the most expensive items on the menu.  All around a great experience and I expect to find myself there again... with a reservation.Wow! Tasty goodness! The "Street food" appetizer was awesome. Chips and salsa good, and my cheese and chorizo soft tacos were quite good as well. Although an expensive option for lunch, you are paying for quality.I have been wanting to try this place for so long and it completely failed my expectation.So on 9/28/2012 we tried it.........!First off, the service was HORRIBLE. It took 15 mins for us to get a menu,  10 mins for our drinks (Ice Tea), 15-20 mins for pre-made Guacamole, and another 20 mins for Chicken Taco and a Tamale . I mean I was ready to walk out of there before our entrees came.The Tamale should have been chicken however it was pork, at least it had the taste and texture of pork.Now, we are waiting another 15 min for the bill. Really ?!?! Overall, we wanted to just get the hell out of there.The best part comes Saturday, we both start experiencing stomach cramps, because I am the bigger eater my cramps were more severe followed by DIARRHEA and CHILLS !!!Seriously!! Enough said..Someone needs to spend a little less time on TV and DVDs and a little more time in his kitchen monitoring hygiene and a preventive measure for cross-contamination !!!    So if I could give it a negative review I would, however I am force to at least rate this place with a star !!Arguably still the best Mexican food in town. The smoky margaritas (I forget the exact name) had just the right tinge of flavor and kick. Ambiance is perfect for a casual business meetup or a larger gathering. We wouldn't go to Topolobompa unless its a real formal event, and the Frontera is much more lively I think. Of course, make sure you have reservations ahead of time.. the walk-in lines are notoriously long!Came here for weekend brunch and was completely satisfied. The chilaquiles were perfect and as a new convert to the dish I continue to be surprised at the many ways it can be prepared. I'm glad I've now tried the Rick Bayless version. The enchiladas were good too. Mole sauce was pretty amazing. This place is great through and through. It's exceptionally busy for weekend brunch but worth the wait.Frontera is often crowded and getting seated on the weekends can be tough. But the food is awesome and won't disappoint. While everything on the menu is great, strongly consider one of the daily specials. My experience has been that these dishes are exceptional.After your meal, be sure to get yourself some french press coffee. It's Intelligentsia (the best) and french press is the right way to have it.I've said this more times than anything else this past year. "I'm so tired of mexican."My fiance didn't hear a peep during brunch. Maybe sounds of delight. I don't remember exactly what went on at brunch because my mind couldn't comprehend the awesomeness of the food flavors thus preventing me from doing anything else than eating more and drinking my mojito. Can you black out from food?Best mexican that I have ever, Ever had. I hate crowds and brunch was the answer to that. I ordered the Tacos al pastor. Yes, this simple yet flavorful dish blew my mind. I have a crater in the back of my head where the explosion took place. Oh yes, and the ceviche was amazing.I'll keep this simple.Food: ranges from good to really good.Service: horrible.I have gone here for lunch three times recently, and every time I was sorely disappointed by the poor service.  Today it took over 45 minutes between sitting down and receiving our appetizer.  We had to ask the server 3 times where our appetizer was.  Each time he said "just a few more minutes."  The resturant wasn't even particularly busy.  The drinks alone (Diet Pepsi) took over 10 minutes.They are either understaffed or just have really disorganized service, but I have consistently been disappointed by how slow this place operates.Went there for brunch yesterday(Saturday) for the first time. I love that the brunch menu is changed every 3 weeks or so. We sat in the bar because its open seating, and there was a hi-top table open. We waited a while for our server, and the drinks were a little slow coming out. But i wont take a star off for the staff being busy, thats silly, they're just doing their job. We started off with some chips and salsa, as well as the appetizer plate. That was enough food for me, and my bf ordered a soup.The food was delicious. All the food is so colorful and beautifully plated. The app plate was even served on top of banana leaves! The salsa was delicious, as well as the guacamole.  I don't think I've ever had guac that good...I was never a huge fan of Mexican food, but Rick Bayless, you have converted me!!! I cant say enough good things about this place. The decor was beyond beautiful and it was so exotic and calming(as weird as that sounds)... You will just have to go experience it for yourself!I don't know--I've eaten here a few times, and the food is just not that great. I would never know that it was such a highly regarded place. I really enjoy dining out for memorable meals, but this place doesn't do much for me. I'm probably giving it three stars instead of two just because everyone loves the place. Plus, when my wife watches Rick Bayless on TV (I'm sure he's a wonderful person) he REEEEALLY irritates me for some reason that I won't try to fathom.My husband and I visited Frontera with some friends on Saturday.We called in advance, and learned from the hostess that they only take reservations for approximately 10% of their restaurant.  Since they open at 5, she advised us to arrive at 4:30 and wait in line to be in the first seating.  We all had some spare time, so we headed down early to find a parking space and window shop around that area -- I'm glad we did.  When we arrived at 4 o'clock, the line was already 15 people long.  By 4:30, it was half way down the block, and at 5 PM it wrapped around the block to the next street.All of those people create an excitement, an anticipation for the food, and I guess that is where this restaurant went awry for me.  Was the food good?  Yes.  Was it even close to great? No.  Was it worth the hour wait?  I wouldn't do it again.We wanted to try a mixture of Rick Bayless' recipes, so we started with a few appetizers.  They were out of the Elote I had been hoping for (hadn't they just opened?!?), so we opted for a big bowl of guac (it was ok, nothing special) and the appetizer platter.  The appetizer platter had Quesadillas Capitalinas, Jicama Callejera, chicken taquitos and ceviche.  The presentation is lovely, and the food was wonderful.  We were excited for our meals to arrive, and I ordered a hibiscus daiquiri to pass the time.  I'm allergic to peppers (and eating at a Mexican restaurant, gasp!) but the waiter worked with me to find a dish I could eat, and he was very pleasant about it -- that lone earned them an extra star.We had the Poc Chuc de Puerco (orange marinated pork), 2 Tacos al Carbon (with steak, one spicy one mild), and the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano.  We ordered a side of the plantains, which were served with cheese and sour cream -- they were excellent!  However, not one dish was hot -- all of the food came out luke warm, and the mole was so cold it had to be sent back.  Overall, we were underwhelmed with the entrees -- there was nothing special, nothing awful, nothing we passed around to share, and no one really said "Here, try this!" like you do with an excellent meal.  The portion sizes were on the medium side, and we had enough room for desert, but nothing really caught our attention, so we ended up calling it a night.Both on our trip into the restaurant and on our exit, it was so crowded we could barely walk.  Along with the wait and the so-so food, that was the final straw that made us decide we'd rather eat at the Mexican dive down the street.My husband and I ate at this restaurant on a recent trip to Chicago.  I must say I have been a fan of Rick Bayless for many years when I use to watch his cooking show on TV.  I have been trying to search for more episodes of his show, however nothing comes up.  I am not sure if he still has it.  Anyways when we were planning our trip I immediately made reservations to go to his restaurant, Topolobampo.  I was not disspaointed.We arrived and we were immediately impressed at the decore, it truly is a nice place.  We were seated and our dining experience began with the trio of ceviches.  The most delicious ceviche I have ever had. Then we had our entrees.  My husband had the cochinita pibil and I had the duck in chile guajillo.  Both dishes were amazing.  We finished off with a chocolate cake fit for a king.  I can honestly say this has been one of the best meals ever.  I highly recommend it.Fabulous. The Hawaiian ceviche was soooo good, the soup was sooo good, the tacos sooo good, the dessert was soo good, even the tequila spiked coffee was sooo good. Do we see a pattern here? Not as expensive as I thought it was going to be AND they support local farmers and sustainable food. I heart this place. The server was nice but a little slow. We got appetizers before we even got water or silverware, but I'm not taking any points away. It was restaurant week, it was slammed, and the food made up for everything. I will definitely be back!!Frontera Grill is a unique restaurant in Chicago's River North neighborhood.  It manages to serve pretentious Mexican influenced foods in a most unpretentious manor.  The atmosphere is warm and charming and the service here is good.  The food here is an excellent and really shows off Rick Bayless's talent.  After eating here, you will be inspired to try to cook  Bayless's recipes from his show, Mexico One Dish at a Time.  The brunch here is very good and they also have an excellent margarita's menu.  The biggest drawback to this place is they do not take reservations, so prepare to wait.Why is it that a cocktail listed as 'special of the day' is so expensive but nothing great.  The tamarindo at 14 bucks and just 'meh'.Ok - that's off my chest - the ambiance is great.  Staff is excellent.  Food was innovative without being over the top or losing sight of its origins.  Disappointed that they did not have the goat which was the special of the day. The flan was out of the world.I guess go for the food and stick with the standard drinks and you won't be disappointed.As close to a religious experience as I can get.  And I'm not religious.My foodie husband and I have been there twice, both times were fabulous, the food outstanding, and service attentive.  On our first trip, we went not really knowing what to expect and were told we'd have a 2-hour wait.  We didn't have anything else to do, so what the hell?  Two margaritas apiece later, we were seated and the food was awesome. Two margaritas later, who cares?! The second time, we got there right at opening, had to wait in a line to get in, and had a 45-minute wait for a table for which we were given a beeper.  No big deal.The bottom line:  If you want fabulous food and great service--(and it IS about both, no?), chill the f.u.c.k out and wait for it.  Good things come to those who wait, and these are VERY very good things. Both experiences were WELL worth the wait.Their trio appetizer with assorted sashimi with fruity salsa was to die for!!!It was worth waiting in line for an hour :)This is one of Rick Bayless's joints in Chicago, and my first experience at any of his restaurants.  Overall I was pleased we stopped in for Lunch on a Saturday. Ordered the sopes rancheros, mole enchiladas, tamarind margaritaSopes:  quite tasty may have been slightly better with a crappy shell (felt kind of soggy) overall would recommend beef was cooked perfectly.The mole enchiladas were fantastic, and I highly recommend them. The tamarind margarita was enjoyable, but more people seem to be drinking the Michelada.Would be higher if there wasn't hair in our foodWait was worth it.    Very tasty.  Had the taco carbonGuacamole-perfectTortilla Soup-Best EverMole Sauce-Everything that is talked about is trueEnchilada-Just averageOverall just an awesome experienceCucumber margarita really good tooTHE GOOD: The decor was very original. The food was tasty, colorful. Great cocktails. Good service. High energy.THE BAD: Some dishes were high in salt.THE UGLY: Unmet high expectations about presentation and originality in the dishes.Was it worth a 4 month wait for a reservation on the weekend?  No. Was is very good? Yes. I shared the Ahi tuna ceviche, it was wonderful!  Couldn't have been better with just the right amount of spice.  Chips and salsa were excellent and perfectly fresh.  For the entree I ordered the garlic shrimp in a white mole sauce, it was a pretty perfect dish.  Spicy rice was balanced perfectly with the sweet mole sauce.  The biggest disappointment was my husbands steak tacos.  The steak was cooked and seasoned well. However there was nothing special about this dish and the portion size was tiny.  He left hungry which shouldn't be the case with tacos.Ugh, I know this is a hard place to get into, celebrity chef and all.  We came here as a celebration dinner when friends of ours got engaged.  They really wanted to go here (traveling from DC) made reservations 2 months in advance for a group of 6..... and we waited and hour and a half after our reservation time. Ugh, I just kinda think it's crappy - they didn't offer us anything, and it was a special night.  The food was okay - we ordered an appetizer sampler for the group which was okay - but we were all starving and I think we just shoveled the food down and didn't really enjoy it as we should.  I ordered shrimp - and I really did like it.  The service was very good - other then out initial wait. I'm not dying to go back.I had the Oaxacan carne asada with roasted plantains and was not disappointed.  They don't take reservations, and on a weekend night can easily run a 1-1/2 hour.  Put your name in, have a drink, and relax.  It's worth it.How could anything possibly live up to the hype of this place? Time and time again you hear what a genius Rick Bayless is and how Frontera is one of the best restaurants in the entire country. It goes on and on. This is amazing and that is amazing and on and on and on. Hype kills, my friends. Many a cultural monolith has been felled by hype.So how could anything possibly live up to the hype of this place?I don't know, but Frontera does it. Food, service, atmosphere, heck even price for what you're getting, Frontera is pretty much as perfect as any earthbound restaurant is ever going to get. Obviously, it's an extremely busy place. Yet they have the system there down to a science, making the whole process of waiting surprisingly efficient. On a similar note, the wait staff is amazing. To say they are on top of things is an understatement. They know all of the insides and outs of the food they are serving and are able to make suggestions in such informative ways that it never feels like a sales pitch. Plus they're quick, efficient, and friendly in that important genuine kind of way.The food. Oh man the food. How can something taste this good? I mean, it's just everything went into a different scale of deliciousness than anything I've eaten before. That's how you live up to hype. By adding entirely new flavor experiences.So add to the brilliant menu, an amazing selection of drinks, including a Goose Island beer brewed only for Frontera, and the culinary delights are impossible to top.Sometimes things don't deserve the accolades they receive. I could name numerous things, but would likely only end up offending far too many people. With that said, Frontera Grill belongs nowhere near that list. Every single superlative anyone has ever written about them is only understating the true joy of dining there.The overall Frontera experience was probably about 4.25/5.Upon entry at around 8:45-9pm on a Tuesday we were greeted by a host who immediately showed us to an open table near the bar. I think this might be a good time to arrive if you don't mind eating later, because according to the other reviews it can be quite a pain in the ass to get seated during peak times. We started off with their Blue Agave Margarita with Cazadores Reposado substituted for the default blanco and the Yucatan ceviche. The drinks arrived after about 3 minutes and were rather delicious. The lime and the tequilla were married expertly with a hint of Cointreau, which left us both impressed...it justified the 11.50 price.The ceviche arrived next in a cocktail glass with lime chips on a small plate. It was very tasty, fresh and just as it should be. The only complaint was that it left me wanting more (being more accustomed to larger 'merican-sized portions, I guess). For the main course we both ordered the Tacos al Carbon. I chose catfish and my fiancee ordered the chicken. It took probably 12 minutes or so to arrive, but was timed pretty well so we didn't have much of a wait after our ceviche was finished. Also, I requested 'actually spicy' habenero salsa which the waiter was happy to oblige. The tacos were delicious, with a near-perfect portion size and very tasty guac on the side. The habenero salsa was spicy, slightly tangy and made me sweat a little bit (like it should). The other salsas weren't nearly as spicy, but I can tell a good salsa when I taste it and these were all 4.5 or better.That was the good. Following are the reasons that I subtracted .75 points from the review:   1) After ordering our dinner (the tacos) the waiter suggested to me that we order some rice, beans or another side. I didn't prompt for this or ask any questions about the portion size, so it was strange. For an establishment of this caliber I don't expect or appreciate attempts at up-selling.  2) Upon having our tacos served our waiter made a mention that if we needed more tortillas we could just ask...which was fine. However, between two people we only had 5 very small tortillas. Although they were fresh and delicious, why couldn't they just give us enough in the first place?...and at least give 6 for two people! We had to wait probably 3-4 minutes to get the waiters attention and request more. tl;dr Great drinks, great food, prompt service (mostly), but an up-sell attempt and a slight attention-to-detail problem required a .75 point deduction. I'll go back for sure.Cheers.If you don't want to wait for a table, they'll serve you at the bar. You can get in there pretty quickly.Great ceviche and Mole. The fresh (non-syrup) Blue Agave Margarita is the first drink not to give me a hangover or migraine the morning after.This was our second visit, so we tried something different.  Incredible margaritas, wonderful presentation & food.  We sat in the bar & had great service.I have been going to Frontera Grill since I was eight years old. This might seem young but my parents made sure my sister and I had sophisticated palates at a young age, they were huge foodies and wanted us to experience the magical taste of Frontera Grill. They do not serve your average Mexican food, everything has a twist to it and a flare for flavor. Most foodies know of Rick Bayless and when coming to Chicago it is a must to try one of his restaurants. Every time I think of my favorite items on the menu I picture and can taste the creamy mouth watering guacamole and their sizzling non traditional quesdilla's that melt in your mouth. I would tell anyone to go to this restaurant whether they are a Mexican food lover or not, there is something for everyone. For me Frontera Grills means my childhood, memories, great food, never let down, and love.The hype outpaced the food. The service is only ok. We settled for a seat at the bar instead of waiting 45 minutes for a table on Thursday night. We did small plates (guacamole, enchilada, tamale) and split fish tacos. The catfish tacos were some of the best I had. The tamale has a spicy smoky pumpkin flavor balanced by arugula and a creamy sauce. The rest of the meal was solid but didn't really knock my socks off. It's hard to give a 4th star with all the authentic Mexican places in town that deliver as much flavor for 1/4 of the price.Never, ever disappointing. And we had no reservation this time, but we thought we would give it a try. Upon arriving, a 1 to 1 1/2 hour wait unless we wanted to check out the bar. As we walked up the two steps, the very first table opened up and we sat down immediately. The food and drinks were amazing.Everyone knows this is the best Mexican restaurant in Chicago.  When I visit Frontera I expect really good food, in addition to great service, and it meets my expectations everytime.The margaritas and sampler appetizer plate are definite musts when visiting Frontera.I hate that I missed out on the great experience that everyone else is raving about. I guess I caught Frontera on an off day.My wife really wanted to go because she likes Chef Bayless. We decided to hit Frontera during lunch to save a few bucks. My $6.50 basic margarita was served in what seemed like a shot glass. Ok, it was bigger than that but not much. And I was very disappointed...it was nothing spectacular and was no different than my local Mexican eatery. Worse, actually.I ordered the Cazuela de Borrego al Pasilla, which was lamb simmered in chile sauce. It sounded adverterous and like a good choice. The waiter took our order and forgot about us. Nearly an hour later, we received our food, after many others who got there after us had begun eating. We even sat in the bar so that we did not have to wait.My entre was ok, but certainly not memorable. It was spicy but really lacked any flavor. Our entres were comped so I'll tip my cap in appreciation of them doing the right thing. Since most others love the place, I'll assume that I caught Frontera on a bad day. But my experience was a bad one.We first visited here on the recommendation of a hotel maitre d (before we moved to chicago). The wait was 2 hours and my husband didn't want to wait, but I insisted b/c it must be good if there were that many people waiting, right?!  Well, that being said, this is now my husband's favorite restaurant in the city.  We have been here numerous times, and the food has never disappointed (nor have the margaritas).  We have tried most everything on the menu and it is difficult to choose a favorite.  I cannot say enough about this place.  Just pick what you think you might like and Rick Bayless and his team will not disappoint.Super delicious. Super fresh. Super authentic. Super spicy.Delicious guacamole.Great sommolier (sp?). Great place for groups - make your reservations!A fun place to try new things- including tequila!Desert was not my favorite, but my palate is not used to these types of desert.Rick Bayless is great!Oh the much anticipated dining experience of a restaurant of Rick Bayless. I must say it was quite good, and I didn't even enjoy Mexican food that much until recently, but it's definitely grown on me. And Frontera has such fresh ingredients - brings out the best of the food.Two of us shared five small plates, and that was plenty of food (maybe we are weak). We got the guacamole, flautas, gorditas, tamal and tortilla soup. My favorite was the flautas - loved the shrimp and the fresh taste of lime juice and watercress sprinkled over the top. Didn't care much for the tamal - it sounded really good on the menu description, but I have decided I don't like mashed up plantains that much (fried plantains are delicious). It's a very festive place, great for groups and celebrations!Just tried the Ceviche Trio Trio Trio! Excellent choice that lets you try the different options of ceviche they have. The Tuna with avocado and mango bits was my favorite!I also order the Primavera Tamal (vegeterian) filled with mushroom. That was ok!All this an a couple of Dos XX made a perfect mid week lunchI know people may be surprised, as this is supposed ot be one of the best Mexican restaurants in the country, but it really didn't live up to its reputation for us.  May be because I am not a fan of corn based food (corn tortillas...etc).It definitely has a huge fan base, unfortunately not us.  SorryPro:  Casual Restaurant, Margaritas (watch out $$$), selection, presentation and flavor pairingsCons: Quality - Steak and Chicken did not taste fresh on a couple of my plates, price $$ I guess I was slightly disappointed with my first experience at Frontera and I will surely go back for a second round to balance my review.We were lucky enough to get a reservation, so we didnt have to wait at all. Both of us had a drink and both were very good. The guacomole was the best I've ever had. The flautas were incredible. I had some duck thing and it was well prepared and delicious.Yes this place is expensive. Yes, you have to wait. But, its worth it. The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is that our server, who was very nice, would ask us a question, and then look away. It was very strange. It was like someone kept calling her name right after she would ask a question. Bizarre.I expected to be underwhelmed, as Mexican flavors aren't quite my thing.  But the exemplary service set the stage for an amazing experience.  I mean, it's like we were assigned our own personal server angels, whose sole mission it was to anticipate things I didn't even know I would need.  The timing of everything was just so remarkable.  We ordered a number of small plates, and even the dishes I wasn't crazy about, I really enjoyed.  Me like.  A +.P/s  Walked in without reservations on the Friday after thanksgiving, 9PM, and were seated in no time.  Weird!I have been to Frontera Grill for a few corporate events (where the food was just A-OK), and went again last night (Tuesday) around 8:30 for full-on dinner. It was still very crowded (thanks, Top Chef). Great atmosphere. Margs were delicious. We ordered the basic ceviche for an app, and had the duck tacos and steak tacos for entrees. Ironically -- both the duck and steak tasted the same. Couldn't really tell the difference. Plus, could have had more ceviche and guac for the $13...Would go back, but probably to Topolobombo or XOCO first. Then, over all three, I would recommend Chilam Balam in Lakeview. That place has innovative Mexican going on...I read so much about the long waits involved with going to Frontera Grill, but I was in Chicago for one weekend, and so decided to risk it. We arrived at 6:30 on a Thursday, and were seated at a table in the bar area within 15 minutes, so the timing worked very well.Between everyone at the table, we tried about 10 specialty cocktails. All were delicious, and we were especially fans of the coffee/tequila drinks on the dessert menu. We ordered the Appetizer Sampler for the table, and that was a great way to try a little of everything. The items were delicious, except for some strips of some sort of root vegetable, which were cold and did not really mesh with the rest of the platter (taquitos, ceviche, guacamole). My meal was the chicken tacos al carbon. Nothing fancy to it, just excellent ingredients and cooking.I definitely recommend Frontera Grill, and get there a little early to avoid a long wait.Went to Frontera a couple weeks ago for a late dinner.  Food was excellent and the Blood Orange Margarita was great.  The service definitely left something to be desired...our server was inattentive at best. Great food...weak service.Bar service could use an upgrade or at the very least, dan myers book on service.  Cmon rick - send yur team to finishing schoolI've had better bar service at the gas station coffee counterFood. -4 Service 2So I went out to a diner club, and I was apprehensive because I'm not a big fan of mexican food.I have to say that both the appetizer that I had, plus the entree changed my mind (I will attach a pic later).The place is a bit pricey, but if all resturants did mexican food as well as this place I would eat it all the time.I finally had dinner at Frontera Grill, and it was delicious. We had a 5:45 dinner reservation on a Tuesday night, and we were seated immediately. The place was already packed, which surprised me at such an early time.Service was prompt, but not pestery. We had guacamole and chips for an appetizer, and I think I would've been satisfied just with that. It was amazing. For my entree I had the tacos al carbon with chicken. The chicken was delicious and juicy -- and not too spicy, which is fine with me. The portion seemed small when I saw it on the plate, but it was more than filling.Instead of dessert I had the chocolate mezcalero, which is a combination of mezcal and Mexican hot chocolate. It was a nice alternative to coffee and dessert.It was more expensive than I'm used to spending on dinner, and it wasn't the overwhelmingly amazing experience some people rave about, but I would likely return for a special-occasion dinner now and then.ProsTrendy, upscale, intimate, tasty, well trained friendly staff.If there is such a thing as Mexican high cuisine, this is it.ConsThe portions really are too small, the ingredients are just not that expensive. Portions could be doubled and not fill the small plates.Its a tiny bit pricey, but no more than other Chicago restaurants. We paid about $35 each with one drink.Parking is $28 in garage, I need to use Valet the next time. This is why I avoid the City and stay in the burbs as much as possible.RecommendationGo, enjoy the place and expect to pay about $50 for a small meal and a couple of drinks.Open a larger place in Naperville with two sides like your Clark St establishments. There are some good locations off I88 that would be like owning a printing press.I'm glad I asked if the chips were vegan because they cook them in the same fryer as their meat.Regardless, they had jicama sticks for the guacamole which was super good, and the tamales are vegan and they are very good.I usually don't like tamales but these are small so the filling-to-cornmeal porportion is perfect.Really great find for Chicago.Not sure about all the hype.  Yeah, Rick Bayless is cool and makes some killer food on tv, but Frontera grill was not THAT special.  It's good, but way overpriced.  Save yourself $30 and head up to Lawrence and Western to Garcia's, or head to Nuevo Leon in Pilsen.  Equally authenticate, equally awesome and 1/3 the cost of Frontera.Best part of the meal was the Marisol beer.  Absolutely fantastic and refreshing.I've been dying to try Bayless' cuisine ever since watching him on "Mexico, One Plate at a Time". I'm Mexican and I'm very hard to impress with 'authentic' Mexican food so my expectations were quite high.We got lucky and made a reservation for the next day at 1 PM and we were seated right away. The decor was very funky with bright colors and huge paintings depicting Mexican culture. We ordered the ceviche trio - absolutely amazing! Margaritas and mojitos were strong and yummy! My boyfriend had never tried mole so I knew I had to have him try the Mole Enchiladas - they were amazing! We both love spicy food and this mole definitely made us sweat! Truly delicious. I ordered the fish with green mole and it was perfectly cooked. Honestly, can't complain about the food! I wish we had tried their Tres Leches cake but we were completely stuffed. The service was also very attentive and professional. I knew he would appreciate me speaking to him in Spanish but out of respect for my boyfriend he also repeated everything in English just to make sure everyone understood. Great experience over all.Checked out this restaurant for the first time last week--as it was recognized as my boss' "favorite restaurant in Chicago." I had always steered clear of the place even though it's 4 blocks away from my apartment because it doesn't take reservations (so annoying!) Props to Rick Bayless though--I was incredibly impressed and have now decided this is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Chicago. That being said, the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is as follows:1) Not only are advance reservation not allowed, but they over-quote their wait time. I went again last night and the same thing occurred as the first night. I put my name in at 6pm. Was told 1.5-2 hours for a table (when there were literally only 4 other names ahead of me on their waiting list). Ran home and changed out of my work clothes. Was called by the hostess and told "two last minute cancellations had occurred and I could be seated now" after a whopping 30 minutes had passed. Amazing how that works.2) Hands-down the single best, most impressive, and delicious dish on the menu are the Chiles Rellenos: Classic, souffle-battered stuffed poblanos (one cheese, one minced-pork picadillo) with roasted tomato-chile sauce; black beans & Mexican rice. --Small problem--the restaurant ONLY serves them on Thursdays and they ONLY make 20 portions of this dish (or a total of 40 stuffed peppers) on the Thursdays they are served. What. The. Heck. So irritating. So, my words of advice are: This Thursday evening--swing by Frontera Grill at 5pm. Expect them to tell you you won't be seated until 7pm but immediately reserve (yes, you have to place a reservation for a table AND this dish) your order of Chiles Rellenos. Grab a marg at the bar. And you'll have your amazing dish within 30 minutes.That all being said, also make SURE you get a fresh ceviche and an order of their chips and guac. *heaven* And if you're not a marg person--their mojitos are insanely good too.The steak tacos specialty plate (Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena) was also out of this world.Didn't much care for the Pescado a la Campechana dish though. So if you're looking for fish tacos, try one of the others!This was our second visit to Frontera in three years on visits to Chicago. We arrived for the evening rush and were delighted when our wait was less than 15 minutes.Bottom line for our group - we're glad we've been there, but now we've done that. Two of my friends had a roasted goat starter that had way too much cheese to swim in. Service was very good, but like I said, we're over Frontera.I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Frontera.  If you're going to go, plan ahead by making a reservation or preparing to wait a while.  We've had success going at 4:30 on a Friday and getting in line before they opened.  We got seated a bit after 5.  You can also get a cocktail while you wait.I am going to start off by saying that while the guacomole is good, you'll want to order more than one if your party has more than three people in it.  My husband and I prefer my guacamole, but it was really good.  I really liked the salsas.  The one with habenero in it (sorry, can't remember the name and they changed the menu since we were there!) was extraordinary.You must get the Topolobampo tortilla soup.  It is the only dish always on the menu, and there is a reason.  It is the best tortilla soup I have ever had.  It may even be the best soup I have ever had.  The broth is deliciously complex; the chicken was perfectly cooked; it was just cheesy enough.  Fantastic. We had five in our party, and we got a lot of variety to share around.  One of us was vegan, and he was pleased with the selection and the execution.  I tried the fresh corn tamales, which were a little disappointing, as were the sweet potatoes (WAY too sweet and way too much bacon).  The Carne Asade is a really good choice.  I loved the sweet fried plaintains and smoky black beans.  Anything with beef is going to be good, but if plaintains and black beans are not part of your meal, consider getting them on the side.  Bayless is known for his sauces, particularly mole, so you can't go wrong there, either.  The trios are a really good way to try a wide variety of dishes, but the portions are small, so you could share around as an appetizer or order a few sides or a salad to make a meal.  My friend got a streetfood one, which isn't currently on the menu, and enjoyed it, but it was too small for her to share with everyone.The desserts are great, too.  Sopa de Frutas is always good, and the fruit changes with the season (it was citrus when we were there).  We also had the Tres Leches de Coco.  It sounds totally weird: cake, chocolate, and mango, but it is AMAZING.  The hot chocolate and coffee were great, too.Good food, long wait, decent service.My friends and I went to Frontera for my birthday dinner last Friday and I was mostly happy about the experience. I called a few weeks beforehand to try to make a reservation (silly me) and was told that they book 2-3 months in advance for Fridays and Saturdays. So we got in line around 5:00 PM, right before they opened. We finally got in and were quoted a 2.5 hour wait, so we went over to Paris club for a drink, and then back to Frontera to have drinks and some chips/guac (Guac was delish!). We ended up waiting the full 2.5 hours before being seated. Sine we didn't want to eat a ton, we shared four small plates:-Halibut ceviche (on special), garnished with lime and jalepeno: really fresh, light and with a bit of a kick. Good but sort of lackluster presentation.-Classic Queso Fundito: the table's favorite. Creamy, cheesy, salty and delicious.-Mole Poblano Enchiladas: Mole sauce was amazing and not too sweet/chocolatey.-Molotes: the description made these sound tamale-like, but they ended up being these little fried pyramids. They were decent, but not our favorite.Dessert: Strawberry shortcake- fresh, in-season strawberries on the best shortcake I've ever had, garnished with edible flowers. Looked and tasted beautifulService: not so good. Our server seemed annoyed that we only ordered small plates. Also, my friend mentioned to our server it was my birthday and she made a big stink about the fact that we "had to order a dessert" and that all she could do was put a candle in it. Fine. But when the dessert came, there was no candle and the server seemed to have totally forgotten about the whole thing.All in all, the food was good but I don't think I'd be willing to wait another 2.5 hours for good (not great) food and not so good service.Overrated & over-hyped. I was disappointed with the street food, main course & dessert. The splurge margarita was the only impressive item I tried & that was $35. Service was nice..not worth the price..won't go again. Frontera Fresco in Macy's is surprisingly better by far as a few other Yelpers mentioned.My husband & I went on a Friday for dinner with our 3kids & had no reservations. The wait was 2hrs but we found seats right next to the bar, where the waiters attended to us quickly, talked with us about the menu, did not seemed rush & recommended their personal favorites. The decor was awesome & brought conversation between us & the kids. We were done eating by the time they called us for a real table, so their wait time was true, but we had a delicious dinner & great service.Phenomenal Mexican food...I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. The guacamole alone is reason for a 5 star review.  The ceviche was phenomenal as was the chicken entree I tried (can't remember the name). Andale, and get yourself over to Frontera!Food was good, but a little over priced.....didn't live up to the hypeBusy place, completely swamped when we got there.  Found a couple of seats in the bar area and had tacos al carbone with chicken and guacamole.  Great selection of tequilas.  Have to say the food was incredible - definitely a follow up visit on my next trip to Chicago.I've been wanting to go to Frontera Grill ever since I watched Rick Bayliss on Top Chef Master.  Everytime I've visited my daughter in Chicago, it just hasn't worked out, until a month ago.  Jacqui and I finished the architectural tour (also fantastic), and decided we would go and wait it out at Frontera.  We headed to the bar, and spotted our "score", a couple who looked like they were getting close to finishing their meal.  As another couple horned in our our area, we boxed them out and Jacqui moved in to ask if we could have their places.  They gave us some menu tips and we were not disappointed.  I had the famous mole sauce that Mr. Bayliss had showcased on Top Chef Master.  It was truly delicious.  **This review was started in September, 2012, but I forgot to post it.  This was a very memorable dining experience, and culminated a wonderful outing with my daughter.Arrived at 5 on a Friday expecting to wait in line after reading all of the reviews...no line walked in, they said 5:30 was the first opening...gave our name and number to the host desk and said we'd be in the bar.  Didn't even finish half of our Margaritas before we were texted.  Sat downstairs, and were the only ones down there for the first 10 minutes or so, but by the time we left it filled up.  Service was awesome.  I had the ceviche/oyster combo and our waiter suggested mixing both sauces on the oysters.  Genius!!!  All in all the food was excellent, as was the service and drinks.  Only con is the no reservations thing.The best Mexican food north of the border. This the third best Mexican food meal I have ever had. One and two were in Mexico City. One at at a private residence in DF and the second in a restaurant in Polanco. Nothing in the US comes close to this place. Make reservations. We waited over two hours for a table...worth it nonetheless.Maybe its because I'm spoiled by growing up in Southern California and having really good Mexican food, but I wasn't blown away by Frontera Grill. This is a really pricey establishment. The food used quality ingredients but I just wasn't overwhelmed. I had the enchiladas with mole sauce and the chicken was dry. The flavor of the mole was good but wish there was more of it. The presentation was nice but a bit dry overall. We also had tacos with steak. I liked the home made corn tortillas but the steak didn't have much flavor. I'm used to carne asada where the steak has been marinated and makes for really tasty tacos. I wouldn't say anything was bad but I just wasn't impressed and the food was expensive.I just wanted to order one margarita but after i saw my waiter do the shake shake shake thing i was like damn i should get one more.Ceviche sampler was good, fried fish entree was good, had too many margaritas to remember what I had for dessert.  Not sure I would return, honestly didnt stand out enough compared to other options in the area.I love Rick Bayless, and I love gourmet Mexican food. Frontera was a pioneer of this cuisine in America, and I am appreciative of the restaurant's importance. I hate to admit that I thought it was just average. When it comes to Mexican food, I love Rosario's in San Antonio, Condesa in Austin or Red Iguana in Salt Lake City. Their portions are reasonable, the dishes are creative, and the food is amazing. Like Border Grill in Los Angeles, I found Frontera to not excel at any of these. We ordered a rather expensive appetizer trio, but the portions were so small that we consumed the entire platter in less than 3 bites a person. I know ... I know ... I'm supposed to say, "Aren't those taquitos so small and so cute, and that bite just explodes with flavor." Baloney. I don't need lots of food, but I do like to feel that I got enough to justify a $20 expense. With that said, the best deal was the $9.95 chips and guac. The chips were warm and fresh, and the guac (which I don't really like that much) was excellent. The salsas were perhaps my favorite item of the whole night. As others have noted, the fried plantains with cheese topping are the bomb.Again, I'm going to be a cheap skate and complain about the drink sizes. The margaritas were $11, and the quality was excellent. The glass -- well, it was about the size of a shot glass. Ok, maybe 2 shot glasses. But bring me a big margarita -- if Chili's can make me a fake one in a big glass for $5, surely Frontera can make one with tequila and lime juice that is a decent size for $11. I love creative food, and I have a strong appreciation for quality. But I have a real pet peeve about places that think they can serve small portions and charge exorbitant amounts for them on the grounds that it small = extraordinary. It doesn't equal extraordinary. It doesn't make the place more elite. It simply makes it pretentious and a waste of resources.Don't get me wrong. I love the atmosphere. The service was attentive. The food was colorful and creative, but nothing blew me away based on the other Mexican restaurants I've enjoyed. I also just wanted more, but unfortunately "more" would have resulted in a very expensive tab.Frontera Grill was my selection when my boss gave me creative liberty to choose any restaurant I wanted for my birthday lunch. I've been wanting to try one of Bayless's REAL restaurants for a while after trying his overachieving airport food from Tortas Frontera at O'Hare. Somehow I managed to snag a lunch reservation three days in advance, but I have a feeling that's not the norm - so book early!We arrived on time and I was surprised to see that the restaurant was completely empty - had just opened at 11:30. They took our coats (which turned out to be really helpful because the seating situation was cozy, but would have become cramped if we and the other patrons had our coats) and we were seated promptly in a half booth. Unfortunately, I was facing the wall so I didn't really get a chance to see the restaurant fill up or to get an idea of the atmosphere. I also never saw my waiter's face - he only ever stood behind us and the two of us facing the wall had to crane our necks to see him. The food was fantastico. The guacamole was some of the best I've had; good but not overwhelming portion of the green chile (just enough for an added kick), and the cilantro gave it that little extra kick that made it so fab. The salsa that was brought to the table was phenomenal. I mean really, really. Loved both the spicy red (three chile?) and the smoky tomatillo. Biggest complaint is that those portions were barely enough for one person, let alone the four of us who were diving our chips into them nonstop. We shared the Yucatecan Ceviche, which was a better portion for four, and had great flavors - again, loved the cilantro and especially with the shrimp, calamari, and orange flavors. I devoured my enchiladas (wish I could remember the name but I'm not seeing it on the online menu) - they were stuffed with mushrooms and had a great side of rice and a tomatillo sauce on the side. It was great but I wish I had gone a little farther out of my comfort zone and tried some of the street food or maybe one of the trios - which all looked excelente as well.This is definitely not your average Mexican restaurant, and I would save it for a time when you know you can savor the food and won't feel rushed to make a decision on what to order. And, order a margarita! You don't want to leave with regret that you didn't order one, like me.I had heard about this place while researching my trip to Chicago. I had to wait an hour in the cold but it was well worth it.I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano and the tamales de carnitas.The enchiladas had chicken and black beans inside and it was awesome!!!The tamales was filled with pork and some kind of flavored sauce. It was great and better that the tamales that I have eaten in Texas. Overall it was a great meal and now I know why this place is so popular.I was hesitant about coming back to rick bayless's restaurants especially when i was disappointed during the restaurant week menu.  My friend wanted to go there and try a dish that was on the bets thing I ever ate website / show that he follows and he was able to get reservations for lunch so I decided to give the Chef another chance.  So I asked the waiter what are the 3 best items on this menu that he loves and of the 3 he named we were eating 2 of the 3 he suggested.  I ordered the Puerco Oaxaqueno which was a Grill-roasted Gunthorp pork loin, smoky black bean "enchilada" (homemade chorizo, queso anejo mashed potatoes), limey grilled knob onions & guero chiles, cilantro.  This dish looked very similar to the dish I had back at restaurant week.  This time it was on the dot!  The flavor was really hit the spot and each bite was juicy.  The mash potatoes was also amazing.  At first I wasn't sure what it was until I asked the waiter and I thought that was a great idea to put the mash potatoes inside some tortilla.  All the bold flavors came together for me and I was extremely satisfied.  I also tried the rib eye dish my buddy ordered and that was really good too.  I would say Rickbayless is back on my good sideThis used to be my favorite restaurant ever, but has gone so far downhill, I tell everyone I know to do themselves a huge favor and stay away.  Rick Bayless used to care about building a reputation and serving quality food and drinks, but it is so evident now that he cares only about making tons of money.  I've taken visitors who were dying to eat at Frontera, early, before it gets busy, and late, after the crowds thin out, and the experiences have been consistently bad.The food is incredibly salty.  The margarita proportions are off: where is that great older gentleman bartender? He was the only one who knew how to make a margarita and talk to customers. The bartenders there don't have the technique down, or they have switched to cheaper tequila, or something...but the drinks are not good. Ther service is impatient and rude.  When you are paying $375 for Mexican food for four, is it wrong to expect a bit more? The Frontera Grill is just another overpriced tourist trap with bad food, drinks and service.This was our second time at Frontera and we were disappointed.  Maybe we expect too much from a Rick Bayless restaurant.  The meal started off great.  The margaritas were amazing and the appetizers were very good.  We had sopes, dozen oysters and the trio ceviche.  The food and service was good until it was time for our entrees, then everything fell apart.  It took forever to get our food, and when it arrived it was another table's order, but they still served it to us.  We were confused and tried to get someone's attention.  Finally some servers came rushing back to our table to take the food away and said it was another tables.  No appology.  Our main waiter then stopped by and we tried to make light of the situation, but he didn't even acknowledge the mix-up and once again, no appology.  We then waited another 20 minutes or so for our entrees, total of nearly an hour from ordering (probably had to make our meals again).  During this time, we ordered another round of drinks three times before we recieved them.We ordered the trio taco, trio mole and a ribeye dish.  They were all mediorce.  We were looking forward to the meal all week, and left feeling like we paid way too much for bad service and just okay entrees.I do have to say, the atmosphere is good and the appetizers/margaritas were what I expect from a Bayless restaurant.  I think I will stick to his ORD torta shop from now on.  I don't expect much from an airport place, so I am always pleasantly surprised how awesome it is.So this wasn't my choice for dinner I am not usually one for expensive food, especially mexican, but my friend really wanted to try this place out and she figured out at the last minute that they are not open on Sunday.  This was supposed to be the less casual of the two restaurants here.  Apparently only a limited amount of reservations are given out so when she called we were told it was about a 2 hour wait. What?! seriously and you had to go there first to get put on list. OK, it was Saturday (but really early) but she seemed really excited about trying this place out and so I went along. We got there and put our name in and then went walking around the many places nearby.  This area is certainly full of every type of restaurant.  We stopped in a few and took a look around and had a drink or two in various places.  I did sneak a dessert in while visiting another restaurant since we still had lots of time left till our reservation.  The bar here was super crowded so it was good we went elsewhere.  We covered a lot of ground in 2 hours before we headed back.  We were seated on the patio which was nice since the inside was extremely loud. Service was good and my friend ordered some pork dish with mole but she wasn't too impressed I don't think because she went on and on beforehand about a mole she wanted to try, but she said that wasn't the mole she was thinking she ordered. I had a salad which was really nice and light and had a pumpkinseed dressing, we also got an appetizer of the jalapeno peppers which were fantastically hot and I really enjoyed them with my salad.  Overall I feel expensive restaurants are over rated but sometimes I am wrong.  This time I was not.  It was a nice place but there were so many other options nearby and this didn't have anything special to offer that the other less expensive places wouldn't have.  The location or view wasn't better than any other place nearby.  So if you are a fan of Mr. Bayless and you must have some of his food then by all means come here,  but if you are like me and don't like spending a ton on money on food there are a TON of other places nearby with great food with a slightly lower price tag. If you are coming for a special occasion, or want to talk to your date or group then sitting outside you will be able to hear each other better since inside was rather loud.This place should seriously be the standard for excellent authentic Mexican dining experience.Frontera does not take reservations so going at off peak times for a shorter wait is your best bet. Vallet parking is available for $12.00 which I recommend. There is basically no street parking and a garage will cost just as much or more.We arrived around 1.30 and were seated by 2 pm. Drinks were ordered at the bar and brought to the table. The server made sure we didn't need refilled handed us the menus and gave us plenty of time to review and make ourselves comfortable. Our server made sure we didn't have any questions and happily offered his favorites to us when we asked. Oysters on the half shell with a choice of habanero or chipotle sauce were selected for the appetizer along with chips and salsa. The oysters were really fresh and had zero fishy taste. All four salsas were out of this world! They were exceedingly fresh and just bursting with flavor.My entree was from their tapas selections on the menu. I dined of fried plantains $5.00 andEnchiladas Potosinas: Chile-spiked corn-masa turnovers with spicy homemade fresh cheese. Pepita-avocado mash, Tamazula hot sauce, crema drizzle, arugula salad.   $8.00. To say that each item was cooked to perfection would be an understatement. Served with guacamole, the enchilada was not greasy and the crust was crisp perfection. The plantaines were also fried to perfection and covered in a light flavorful white cheese.A traditional Christmas desert was selected, ice cream , brandied figs and crispy wafers. It was a perfect finish to a perfect meal. Four people with dinks sans tip made it out at $150, a extremely good value for the quality,atmosphere and location. I will be coming here again!I tried the queso fundido with chorizo appetizer. It was delicious, I really enjoyed it. For my entree, I ordered the lamb mixiote. The presentation was beautiful. It came with a small arugula salad in a lime dressing. I liked the dressing. The lamb itself was okay. It was cooked in a dark mole and prepared in a parchment package. It was very cute but VERY salty. Apart from the saltiness, it was good.  If you go, be sure to make reservations. The wait was long but I eventually managed to snag a spot in the bar without having to wait the full 90 minutes for the dining room. The restaurant is super noisy so if you like conversation with your meal try to get a table outdoors.I would definitely try this place again. I gave it a three because of how noisy it is and the saltiness of the lamb.I've eaten here twice. Very crowded but the staff was surprisingly quick and nice. Great food.Second effort, still awesome. The waiter was knowledgable and good at selling dishes. For drinks I still love the Oaxacan Gold (a spicy margarita/limeade), but I realized the Paloma Oaxaqueña has more depth in flavor. Tried the seasonal "After the gold rush", it was good but I liked the others better.Had the mole trio, and though I wasn't near as blow away as with the mole trio enchiladas, it was still very good. From this visit the smokey-creamy-spicy mushrooms, the tacos al carbon trio (pork in clemole being the best), and cochinita pibil were all really good. And the jicama street snack was a nice refresher.Oh My! Frontera Grill is so good! My husband and I came here for drinks and apps. I had two drinks, one with grapefruit juice that was to die for and the champagne margarita which was ok. For our appetizers, we had the bacon guacamole- I wanted to lick the bowl!! It was delish! We also had the sopes rancheros which were little boats of heaven and the chicken taquitos which were also very good. I can't wait to go back here!Rockstar Rick's presence in the city of Chicago may just be my favorite part of living here. His collection of restaurants situated all around this corner inspires me to gluttonous efforts every time I'm around. I knew that our supper club could not really move forward without checking Frontera off our list. It's not a simple endeavor. So, I decided to take this one upon myself. Here's the drill: doors open at 5 sharp (5:20 Tuesdays) lines cue up in advance and you can wait it out at the bar until your party arrives. They won't seat you until everyone is there, when you'll get the flashing buzzer. They also take a few reservations well in advance, which I've been able to score for Topolobampo, the more upscale twin next door (highly recommended). And so it was that after a short wait in the afternoon sun and calling out a lingerer that tried in vain to bypass the organization of the line, I was cozied up at the bar awaiting friends over a good book and better margarita. Personally, I like the Topolo and Blue Agave margs. They also have a huge selections of tequila. Our group arrived as the drinks flowed. Just grab one of the guys busily working the room and they will get you all set. Shout out to our man for bringing our next round and bill to the table to settle once we were on. That was a nice touch, not that they miss any here. The six of us settled in for a feast. We got a bunch of appetizers to sample: Guac, salsa and chips. Tomatillo, Chipotle and Habenero salsa. Ceviche trio, of which the Hawaiian tuna was the best of the lot. The jicama salad perfectly cooled the intense heat of the habenero salsa, which I always have to get to test the boundaries of pain. These were all great calls to start and you'll surely want to have at least one of those. Now when it comes to the mains here, you want to be adventurous. You can't go wrong with the rellenos, but if you're not one of the first tables of the night, they will already be gone. Rick's moles are what to get-trust me. Red chile-rubbed Gunthorp duck breast, Oaxacan mole coloradito (ancho chiles, sesame seeds, spices, Oaxacan chocolate), Iroquois white corn torta (sesame, hint of chocolate), grilled green beans. So many different flavors going on with this one, I loved it. The dayboat catch of swordfish at the other end of the table looked great and everyone enjoyed the cuisine. I was not about to leave without dessert and the Cafe de olla, fruity sugary coffee goodness. We got a few desserts and made short work of them, the tres leches cake and the chocolate pecan pie, which reminds me of a derby pie. Love the Kahlua topping on that one. Yummy. I'm almost forgetting about how cool this restaurant is. There are neat paintings and pinata looking dragons all around. The service was flawless and professional. They got to us quickly and though there was a good wait, excellent company passes it easily. You could always just snack on some small bites in the bar area and make a meal of that and the drinks and have a fantastic meal. I never did see the waiter with the wicked cool handlebar mustache that I've seen here for the last decade (where you at bro?). But, that hardly made a difference. For now, I'll just be content knowing that perhaps the best restaurant in our nation is right here in our town. Rockstar Rick we love ya!So Rick Bayless is still churning his brand of Mexican flair like nobodies business at his Topolobampbo / Frontera combo space restaurant I see... When trying to hit up another newer eatery for lunch last week only to find it closed for a photoshoot, I quickly turned here to an old standby... like my favorite old pair of brokedown, assed out, Levi's 501 blues... it's just an easy, comfortable fit. The atmosphere on the casual Frontera side (Topolo is the more upscale of the two) is total hustle and bustle - a bit on the loud side with a hopping a mix of tourists hoping to catch a glimpse of "The Ricker" and local city business folk that love a good, flair-filled Mexican meal and know where to find it. Décor-wise we're talking Spanish tile floors, mache masks, semi-cramped dining quarters of wood tables and chairs, all surrounded by incredibly colorful works of floral, abstract and totally cuckoo Spanish art. Bring your loudest hammer pants... you'll fit in fine! The service is warm and slow... almost like being in Mexico itself... sit back, enjoy and start with the house guacamole and a salsa duo. You designate the level of hotness you're yearning for and go from there. The guac is piled high, nice and chunky with a fresh air of citrus bursting throughout, you gotta love this stuff! Monthly specials are always on tap and ever changing, but a definite constant I've fallen deeply head-over-heels for are the Enchiladas de Puerco: homemade tortillas rolled around savory pulled pork, caramelized onions and bacon with a tomatillo-poblano sauce... Yum in my Tum! As one of the 'small plates' dishes this bundle of love is ideal for a shared starter among friends. Also to be devoured are entrées like mix and match tacos al carbon or my favorite, the Pescado en Salsa de Elote: wood-grilled, serrano-marinated fresh day-boat catch (last week's was swordfish) served with creamy fresh corn sauce infused with chilaca chiles. Ay Chihuahua!! Seriously delicious... the perfect mix of delicate and savory with bold and spicy flavors swimming around in a creamy, sweet dream of a sauce. It's utterly lovely. Desserts have consistently eluded me as I'm always deliriously full by the time the sweets menu rolls around, granted, they say Bayless doesn't disappoint with his Oaxaca chocolate and crema cake. Considering everything else is pretty spot on, I'll believe them... wait, who are 'they' anyway? These 'they' would be far cooler if they actually shared a bit of that cake with me next time. It's going in the suggestion box.Food & service were worth the wait. Server was very knowledgeable of the menu. Gave good recommendations.Rick Bayless.... I heart you. I really do. No foolies. Your margaritas are tasty. Your service is friendly and prompt. Your food was smokey with a little bit of spice, and I like that. Frontera is bright but not too bright, friendly and warm. My friend and I came here for dinner here on Saturday and I was excited to dine. I talked all week about coming here and it didn't disappoint. We had no reservations but scored seats at the bar, closer to those margaritas. We had their appetizer sampler, a little of their tasty guacamole, munched on their bright and fresh civieche, cheesy quesadillas, (think more empanada like), chicken taquitos and a great jicama pineapple salad with chile and lime. She had the al pastor tacos which were smokey with sweet carmalized onion and a touch of spiciness. I had the roasted pork loin, in a spicy red sauce, avocados and a little queso fresco and by the time I was done with it there was just the cilantro garnish left on the plate. Then there was dessert, she had a great chocolate pecan pie. I had the homemade ice cream with a scoop of almond and a scoop of kaluha cake ice cream with a caramel sauce, (with cinnamon and goat's milk), and a hot and thick chocolate sauce on the side. I had a really hard time not licking the containers clean. My inner child was pissed off. From start to finish it was a great dining experience. Although my friend wasn't pleased with the smokiness from the chipotle that can be found in most dishes nor the general spiciness, I was in heaven... and I can't wait to go back. But trust me.. I will plan ahead and make reservations.I sure liked Frontera Grill a lot more than I did its swank attack L.A. cousin, Red O.  I came for lunch on Friday with Michael K., walking over from Janice K.'s apartment in a snowstorm.  We were welcomed by a warm and festive restaurant, decked out in colorful Mexican art-themed decor.  We didn't have reservations, but after we checked our coats, we were seated right away.We were served by a young woman, and I wish I'd gotten her name because she was fantastic.  She looked like she could be a disaffected post-teen, but she was actually very competent and friendly.  The meal ran smoothly with her at the helm.  Towards the end of our lunch, we caught a glimpse of Rick Bayless running around the kitchen.  Unexpected, actually, and very cool.We kicked off our meal with a couple delicious margaritas, one traditional and one with a twist.  The Topolo Margarita was the classic, with Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Torres orange liqueur, and housemade limonada, rimmed in salt at our option and shaken tableside.  It was splendid, well liquored and very smooth, with a citrus juiciness that kept it appropriate for lunch.  The Tamarind Margarita was also delightful, made with Wahaka Joven Espadin mezcal instead of tequila, along with Cointreau, fresh tamarind, fresh lime, and a bit of chipotle.  It was less bright than the Topolo, but I loved the smokey mezcal, the flavorful but not quite sweet fruit of the tamarind, and of course, the meaty chipotle salt rim.The best part of the meal came first, in the form of a ceviche trio (or Trio, Trio, Trio, if you're reading along with the menu for some weird reason).  This brought a beautiful presentation of Coctel de Atun Tropical, Ceviche Fronterizo, and Ceviche Yucateco in three little cocktail glasses, side by side, with crispy tortilla chips strewn at their base.  All three were spectacular.  The tuna cocktail came with sashimi-grade Hawaiian yellowfin tuna with an avocado tomatillo guacamole and a tangy mango grapefruit salsa.  The tuna was silky and fresh, and the salsa and smooth guacamole provided a lovely base.  My favorite ceviche, as well as the high point of the meal, was the Ceviche Fronterizo with lime-marinated Hawaiian albacore with tomatoes, olives, cilantro, jicama, and green chile.  This was vivid and refreshing, with bright tangy flavors and a nice textural contrast between the tender sashimi albacore and the crunchy jicama.  The Ceviche Yucateco was great, too, with steamed Mexican blue shrimp, calamari, lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jicama, and cilantro.  The shrimp and calamari were fresh and supple, and I enjoyed the heat and citrus in the mix.  Alongside our ceviches, we also shared a tamal de puerco.  This was another highlight of the meal.  The tamal consisted of bacon-studded corn masa filled with smoked pork, all steamed in a banana leaf and served with a grilled frisee salad, a pineapple morita salsa, and a rich dark red chile adobo sauce.  The corn was not quite sweet with a delightful grain, and the pork was moist and tender.  The frisee made the dish feel less sinful, and I loved the way the sweet pineapple interacted with the layered heat of the adobo sauce.  I actually preferred that red sauce to the mole poblano, though that was also quite good.For our larger dishes, we went for the enchiladas de mole poblano and the carne asada a la Oaxaqueña.  The enchiladas were quite good, homemade tortillas stuffed with moist shreds of free-range chicken, all doused in a dark brown mole, served with creamy black beans.  The tortillas were nice, softened but not soaked, and I did like the dark sauce, but it was overwhelmingly salty.  It still tasted good, but each bite introduced a long parch to my mouth after the swallow.  The carne asada was good, but the least memorable dish of the meal.  We got the rib steak cooked medium rare, and it came very tender, bright pink but not too chewy.  The meat was marinated in spicy red chile then wood-grilled, and it had nice flavor.  It came with black beens, sweet plantains, sour cream, and guacamole, and we also got fresh tortillas and two salsas to make tacos.  These tacos were great.  I especially liked the cilantro heavy green salsa, and the plantains were excellent.We saved just enough room for what we hoped would be a bright, light dessert.  We ordered the sopa de frutas - avocado lime sorbet with blood oranges and tangerines, floating in a sparkling pomegranate broth - and it bombed.  The sorbet was weird and not refreshing.  It was okay flavor-wise, but the texture was weird and gummy, especially when it met the pomegranate soda water.  The fruit was fresh and lightly bitter, but none of the flavors really came together.  This was a disappointment.Still, we left Frontera happy customers and spent the better part of the afternoon walking off our lunch.  We'd decided beforehand to try both Frontera and Topolobampo, and the first meal left me excited for the second.  Hasta la vista, Sr. Bayless.If I designed the perfect restaurant it would turn out like fronteraI had the best margarita of my life in here, and the second best as well. I am lushy so I had to try two different kinds for variety. The Topolo margarita had Sauza Conmemorativo tequila, Torres orange liqueur, housemade limonada and was shaken tableside. It was my fave of the two varietals, being a true margarita taste. Smooth and just delicious. If you prefer a more sour margarita the Blue Agave should be your choice. I loved it too but two would likely send my pucker over the top. I started with that but my stomach was happier when I switched. Both were to die for yet totally different, neither had mixers or cheap ass tequila and were created to utter perfection. That alone makes me love the Frontera Grill.My experience here was some meh but still decent and some over the top OMG wow.For the meh:We started with a snobby dick of a bartender. We were like the fourth couple to come to the bar and after ten minutes still no margarita. I don't know if its because we were two women or he just didn't like our looks but we were sitting directly in front of the guy and he totally ignored us, even after I got out money to give him a clue we were thirsty ass lushes. I was a bit miffed after we had stood in line for quite awhile that I could not get a drink from a bar that had three guys mixing it up. He had the I'm too sexy thing going on and was never friendly to anyone he served, but hey I was jealous of them anyway because they had margaritas. Dude get over yourself. You missed out on money because I seriously overtip, just ask my sister. Also if you had ponied up I would have probably had three margaitas instead of two. Bad way to start an evening Mr. Bayless, it is mean to tease me like that. I made a mistake ordering one of our entrees. They have two carne asadas. Make sure you order the one with rib steak as the cheaper one with flank steak is just meh. Our order did have amazing sides (a shredded salad with jalapenos, an over the top tasty corncake with homemade crema and cheese, homemade tortillas and some delicious grilled knob onions), but the steak itself was not seasoned enough and was just nothing lighting up my tastebuds. If I had ordered it anywhere else I would have been fine but I really was disappointed here.I also was sad about the Verduras en Escabeche, which are homemade pickled jalapenos with carrots & cauliflower. We got ours and it was all jalapenos, I like jalapenos but c'mon, thats 2/3 of a dish missing and it made it just way too hot. I said something to our great waitress, Karla, about the lack of carrots and cauliflower because they were the main reason I ordered the dish. I am a total sucker for pickled carrots and cauliflower. She went back to the kitchen to score me some but they apparently had none, hmmm odd. She did offer graciously take the whole item off our bill which I appreciated. I was still a little disappointed though.Oh and the chips here, while homemade, were just too thick and not doing it for either of us.For the wow:Best.freaking.guac.ever. It was so creamy, so addictive, just rich and buttery. The tomatillo salsa was hands down the.best.I.have.ever.had. The other salsa was good but we devoured the green like nobody's business. It made upfor the chips, who cares when the dippers are this terrific.I did redeem myself with our other entree thank goodness. Costillas Enchipotladas, the.best.damn.ribs.ever. Sensing a theme here? They are chipotle glazed, lean yet tender. I looked up from eating at some point and my skinny sister had picked five bones clean already. That is a true testament to how good they were, she is usually a more petite eater than I am. We were still talking about this dish long after we were finished. It was served with some perfect black beans, smashed just a tad so they were a little creamy but not in any way soupy. These were thick and just my thing.Platanos con Crema here were amazing. Sweet fried plantains with homemade crema and fresh cheese. The salty/sweet thing always works for me. I loved these with the black beans from my rib dish.I was absolutely shocked at how delicious dessert here was. I never indulge this much usually but my sister again is a terrible influence and frankly it did not take any arm twisting. I figured after a three bottle of wine and shots the night before, well really why the hell not. The chocolate pecan pie here was lovely. I picked it and was fairly delighted with myself. Then my sister trumped my ass. Two ice creams, salted pecan with brandy and cajeta with dark rum with homemade cajeta (goat milk caramel) sauce on top. Good lord it was sinful. I am totally willing to risk a diabetic coma for this. I could not resist. I would come back but I would avoid that ass of a bartender and the flank steak asada.I loved Frontera!  Went last Wednesday for dinner with my dad who came in from out of town.  I could only get us a 9pm reservation (I called 3.5 weeks out) which kind of blew, but I was still really excited.  I think Rick Bayless makes amazing salsa's and chips, and the food was no let down!  Outside of the "street foods" I thought the prices were a little high, but the I mean, the food was great, so it would have been worth it.  The margaritas were delicious!!  So was the guac.  I had a really great dining experience.  Only gave it 4 stars because of having to call so far out and only got a 9pm reservation and also the prices of the rest of the menu.The problem with places like this is you want to order one of everything on the menu, and it feels like that's exactly what we did! Extremely satisfied with the experience my gf and I had at Frontera, atmosphere was upbeat and lively and food was a hit! The only qualm was the service was a bit slow at times but who  cares when ur busy picking at the rest of ur dinner that u thought u couldn't finishxoco? or frontera. xoco? or frontera.  whatever, pick frontera.  i said good morning to rick bayless at 10:30AM and proceeded to order myself a bottle of hard cider.  too bad the bottle was humongous and i'm ashamed to say i got red, buzzed, and hungover before i could finish. all before noon.anyway, we were lucky to get some seats at the bar to enjoy our saturday brunch.  instead of having to wait for the quoted 2 hours.  we ordered the appetizer sopa and it was pretty good.  the shredded beef paired well with the avocado and cheese on top.  not a bad start.I opted for the pineapple pork tacos and my friend got the maple braised pork.  I think I ended up mistakenly saying I got the maple braised pork when the server was asking who got what and I think I also ate most of it.  Best food snatching move EVER.  I mean the pineapple pork tacos were well made but I think the maple braised pork was much more tender and succulent and I couldn't stop shoveling it in my face.  The pork in the pineapple pork was a little too jerky and rough for me and I didn't enjoy that one as much.  Not as much as everyone raves.  Anyway, maybe I'm just stuck up and have too much good mexican food in LA.  Rick Bayless doesn't disappoint but it also didn't blow me away.Rules on how to eat at Frontera Grill: 1. Arrive around 5pm to put your name down  2. Go back in an hour to pick up your buzzer 3. Wait another hour and a half to be seated (you can have some drinks  at the bar) 4. Try to get a seat near the back kitchen, you can maybe be lucky and get a glimpse of Rick Bayless himself! I saw him but wasn't able to get a photo with him :( 5. Suggestion on ordering for 2 people: get 3 small plates, one entree, and a side dish. Perfect amount of food for 2 hungry people!  Sopas= So good and flavorful!  Shrimp, Scallop, Hicama Ceviche was my favorite!  These "Quesadilla" things that look like turnovers= so cheesy and yummy   Special of the Day ribs= Licking my fingers for more, 2 huge slabs of rib   Plantains= shocking worse dish we had, it was still hard in the middle    not nice and soft like it should be.6. Rinse it all down with a Pacifico or Margarita in hand.7. All Done! Burp, excuse me.As a stay at home mom, I often watch Rick Bayless on PBS and drool over his creations.  However, after my third visit to Frontera, I have to say, I won't be going back.  The food is good, but maybe it's a little too pretentious and loses some of the fun of Mexican cuisine.  At my most recent visit, we waited 2+ hours for a table, which was somewhat expected, so I won't complain about that.  When seated, we first ordered drinks and appetizers, probably the best part of the meal.  Our entres took a while to come to the table, but while we waited, we took the opportunity to people watch some of the most bizzare specimen Chicago has to offer.  It seems that the stranger you are, the better the service you will receive at Frontera.  Be sure to wear a fuzzy  hoodie, red printed T-shirt, paisley pants, and silver shoes, order everything off the menu and send it all back.  Speak with an accent if at all possible.  While I jest, there is truth to the fact that the staff was much more attentive to regulars and/or friends of the restaurant.  The tourists and regular folk weren't worth five-star service.  The entres were disappointing.  Mine came with a side of plantains, which were cold...maybe because my plate had been sitting in the kitchen for too long.  The steak was also a little rubbery, although the seasoning was great.  My husbands dish was good but didn't wow us.  We opted to skip dessert.  Nothing on the menu really grabbed me.The drinks and appetizers were well worth the wait, but the longer (and longer) we sat, the more annoyed we got with the crowd and the ass-kissing by the host/hostess staff.I must admit, I am a little bit of a celebrity chef stalker.  That being said, I love both Fronterra and Topolobombo(even if I can't pronounce it!)  You can not make an advance reservation unless you are more than 5 people, but that never bothers us.  We like to hang out in the bar for a while before we eat, there are always plenty of seats and the wait is not usually too long.  The margaritas are always yummy, I like the bloody margarita with tomato juice. the food...what can I say about the food except it is always wonderful.  With the menu constantly changing based on the season, each time I go I get a chance to try one of Rick Bayless's newest creations.  I don't think I have ever been able to try the Chile releno, it is always sold out by the time we eat.  I am sure that would be spectacular also.I have only seen Rick Bayless there once in my five or so visits, and I was quite awe struck.  I think I resembled a teenage girl spotting Paris Hilton in a mall.  Except without the squeals or tears.  But he seemed very nice and was walking around chatting with tables and signing books.  I was too nervous to get a book and get it signed-just an excuse to go back again!The service is almost always 100% on point.  We had a run in with a waiter who couldn't remember to get dressed in the morning without a note, but that seemed to be an isolated incident.  The waiter with the handlebar mustache has been there every time we have, and is always a sure bet of good service.All in all, good food, good service, good celebrity chef stalking potential.* I would also like to add that Frontera does an awesome saturday brunch if you ever feel so inclined.  My egg dish was yummy and what better excuse to have the vampire margarita in the AM?  Definitely check it out if you either want to try out Frontera without spending a small fortune or want somewhere cool to take people for breakfast.Is it worth all the hype? The long lines? The wait??? No, absolutely not. Entirely overrated!! The food is good, not the best. You can always get good authentic Mexican for cheaper, but they do get 5 stars for their blue agave margarita!! We call it crack, cuz you WILL go back for just the margarita alone, and I am not even a cocktail drinker...5 star cocktail. 3 star food.I was extremely disappointed at Bayless' Frontera Grill.. For a lunch of $30 per person, I would have expected much more.  I had the Mantarraya al Cilantro (fresh New England skatewing with cilantro sauce), and anejo mashed potatoes.  Unfortunately, the food gave me a bad stomach ache.  I would NOT come back here, and am hesitant to even try out Topolobambo.Hey Rick, thanks for the free chips and salsa. I'd have been happy to actually buy food and a couple of beers, but since after about 20 minutes, no one's come to take my order, guess I'll have to pass this time. Thanks again, maybe next time I'll get a real meal!4 out of 5 stars because the food was amazing, bartender was great, atmosphere was cool. If the service matched up to the food it could be 5 stars. We went on a Wednesday night, but regardless of which night of the week it is, it is always busy, the servers always have tons of tables I'm sure... So they should learn to act more controlled and less rushed. It was disappointing. The busser and manager stopping by was nice, but our server never introduced himself, asked if we had been there before or told us anything about the restaurant or menu. Oh well, the food will make us come back.the good: there is nothing really good about the place.the bad: there is nothing really bad about the place. I'm sad to say my food was a disappointment. i felt like i wasted my time and was dumb enough to believe the hype of this place. the service was excellent and our waiter was attentive. he may have been the best part.but don't take my word for it you may have a better time and you may like the food. i was just disappointed and i like eating, I'm not a foodie or have ever worked with food but i like eating and like trying new places and i do feel a bit bad for writing a review like this but i like eating good food and i sure didn't find it at the Frontera Grill.i was wandering around looking for a place to eat. went in and out of the rockit room and a couple of others. when i smelled what was coming out of frontera, i knew i had to dine here.the place was packed. i sat at the counter with the other lone diners. ordered a glass of spanish red for $10 and had the trio trio trio from the app menu. it was so tasty. delightful. great decor, great energy. amazing place. not cheap but give it a try!update 9/12/07: Read in the Chronicle this morning that the owners are opening a Frontera Grill in San Francisco near Union Square. Yay~The first thought that I had about this restaurant was that they put a lot of attention and work into crafting the dishes.  Appetizers, entree and desert alike.  Amazing presentation and great recipes.  Owned by the dude on PBS, "master chef" and t.v host Rick Bayliss (sp?).  Nice atmosphere and good music.  I was here for a focus group and they foot the bill.  Pricey for my taste, so I would not dine here a lot, but I would go back if looking for something to do while in that neighborhood.  Side note: They had Rogue Chipotle Ale.  That shit is crazy!  Spicy beer?!?!?!  Try it.  You might like it.  I did and was very pleased.  Cerveza Caliente!!!Check out those herbs growing in the planters right outside, because they'll be on your plate.  Today we had a chilled halibut appetizer, shoulder of lamb, and pork tamales.  The tamales included some shredded chorizo and pineapple, served on banana leaves - the cornbread or corn dough (what is the correct term?) was incredibly light and flavorful!  Dessert was dark chocolate cake with creme filling and fruit, but Husband had some kind of lame blueberry ice cream since he can't handle rich chocolate - actually it was good too.  What would be an amazing Mexican meal without the kick-ass Topolo margarta, shaken at the table - orange flavor with mint leaves.  Wow.  The best service.  Got out of there for $85 including tax/tip.  It was part of our 9th wedding anniversary day-together-without-kids celebration.I don't know how anyone can give Frontera Grill anything less than 4 stars, unless they're bothered by the wait, or unfamiliar with quality Mexican cooking. Don't go if you expect tacos and burritos. This is the food I've enjoyed at top restaurants in Acapulco, Oaxaca, and Mexico City. Once you get a table, trust your waitstaff - they've knowledgeable and friendly, if a bit overworked. Don't bother with the generic tequila - the margaritas are better with a premium brand. Watch the daily specials, like the mahi-mahi in spicy sauce, beans, and greens.I was recently in Chicago for a wedding, and since I had enjoyed Frontera Grill once before for brunch, my wife and I decided to go back again for dinner, with a couple of good friends who live in Chicago and had wanted to try the place.  We couldn't get a reservation beforehand, so we walked in at around 6:30pm on a Friday evening and put our name on the list.  They told us it would be about two hours, but we really wanted to eat there, so we told them we'd be grab a drink and come back.  A little more than an hour -- and a couple of beers -- later, I went back to check-in on our table, while the rest of the party had gone to another bar next door.  Shockingly, the hostess told me that we were next!  I ran -- literally RAN -- to the bar to grab everyone else, and even though it took them about 10 minutes to finish their last drinks and pay the bill, we were seated immediately when we got back.  SCORE!I knew it was going to be a good night when we looked at the drink list.  There were a number of craft beers and tasty-looking cocktails.  I had a delicious Cane and Ebel red ale and one of our friends had the delicious Topolo Margarita, which she promptly downed in a few minutes.  I later had one, and can confirm that it was delicious.We decided to share the guacamole to start, which was another good idea.  The guac was fresh and tasty with just a little bit of kick and crispy chips.  So many of the entrees looked good, and I had a hard time whittling down my choices, but the steak called to me because I think I saw it on TV before.  The waiter confirmed to us that the steak was a good choice, as it was something he had as a special treat every Saturday night.  So a friend and I both ordered the carne asada, my wife had the lamb cazuela, white corn tamale, and the jicama salad, and another friend had the jicama salad and the winter root vegetable cazuela, which we were warned was "very earthy."  The jicama salads were good, but nothing special.  The corn tamales I thought were pretty good, but my wife loved them.  The root vegetables I didn't get to try, but my friend couldn't finish them.  I was told that it was a bit different, and "very rich."  I was too busy enjoying my own meal to try it.  The carne asada was a rib-eye steak -- my favorite -- that was very large, cooked perfectly medium rare, and had a wonderful seasoning / marinade on it.  It had a little bit of spice too, which I appreciated.  The plate also included black beans (which were a bit dry), guac, plantains and sour cream, as well as some delicious tortillas.  I made some delicious tacos, and cleaned up almost the entire plate, because I couldn't stand wasting any of it.  The plantains were sweet and delicious, but I didn't like the fact that they put the sour cream all over the plantains.  Separately, they were both good elements, but together just didn't work for me.  The biggest surprise of the meal was the lamb cazuela, which was a delicious little dish of very tender lamb pieces in a nice little stew-like sauce.  It was only $9.50 I think, but it was probably my second favorite thing I ate that night, other than my steak.  The service was good -- attentive and very helpful -- and overall we just had a great experience at Frontera Grill.  Maybe the shortened wait had something to do with it, but this meal was better than the brunch I had the first time I came here.  I can't wait until my next trip to Chicago!so, because i am leaving chicago, there are some places that i have always wanted to go. i have knocked one or two out, but some will remain out of my reach for eternity. (i am looking at  YOU HOT DOUG'S!!) anyway, my friend steph and i decided to finally go to frontera.now, i am not going to lie. i love rick bayless. i want him to adopt me so that i can live in his amazing house (go and watch "mexico, one plate at a time" on channel 11 if you want to see what i am talking about) so he can take me to mexico and i can just hang around him.so, back to frontera. get there just about 6:15 and the wait was 1 1/2 hours. it was expected, but we went and had some cocktails at frankie z.s next door and waited.oh, the buzzer thing they give you? it works over there.on to the foodz! we decided that going appetizer all the way would be better than getting just one thing each. so we had a bunch of stuff. the ceviche was awesome as were the mexico city quesadillas. everything was fresh and amazing...and the homemade tortillas?? omfg. so, i can't wait to come back to chicago to visit and have all my friends who are mourning my departure and can barely live, take me to frontera.I came here with a small group for a birthday dinner.  From what I understand, we had to make the reservation far in advance.  I don't think I would attempt to go here without a reservation.  We were seated at a semi-private table in the corner on a platform, which was nice, because we could actually hear each other.  Everything I tasted -- and I definitely wasn't shy asking the rest of my party to share-- was delicious!  We started with guacamole and a ceviche with fresh tuna-- very fresh and nicely complemented with different flavors and textures like crunchy jicama and almond.  I ordered the swordfish, which was just seared on the outside.  I have never had such quality seafood at a Mexican restaurant.  I was really impressed.  It was sushi grade.  and it was huge.  I had half a pound of sushi grade swordfish on my plate!  Someone else got braised lamb which was good, and carne asada which was amazing.  It is expensive, but definitely worth it.Came here for din din w/ pals.  Yummy Ceviche and had simple steak taco dinner. Margaritas were flowing and feeling good w/ my pals. Check them out and this place has a nice vibe and buzz. Go Rick Bayless!!I gotta be honest, I don't feel worthy of even writing a review of this place. Yeah, it's that good. Everything everyone had (it was a party of four) was amazing. Doesn't matter what it was, since it probably won't be available again, so just go and pick anything off the menu. You will love it. I resisted going because of the wait, but glad my friend made me do it. I'd do it again, too.After a week in Chicago I finally got to go to Frontera and boy was it worth the wait! We went on a Friday and were lucky enough to get seated after only a 10 minute wait. I am from San Diego and have access to copious amounts of Mexican food but it is usually not of this caliber. Rick Bayless has done well with this restaurant and he deserves his reputation. Also, I want to give a big shout out to David our waiter, he was spectacular and very helpful to me with the decision making process. We started off with the Enchiladas Potosinas and they were exploding with flavor. The masa was "chile spiked" and very tasty. After that we got down to business with my salad, the Shooting Star Little Gem Lettuce Salad, which came with wonderfully seasoned vegetables. I was actually surprised that this was so good. My main entree was the Smoky-Creamy-Spicy Mushrooms. So good. Beautifully smoky. The flavors of all of the dishes were magnificent and complex. Someone complained in another review that Mexican food is supposed to be simple and that is totally untrue. Bayless has captured the complexities of Mexican food to glorious fruition. If you think Mexican food can and should be fine dining please come here. It is by far some of the best food (Mexican or not) you will ever have.I'm still amazed how many people actually think the food is delicious. There is nothing Mexican about this food! Take a  drive to the Pilsen neighborhood for real MEXICAN food. Not only will you find authentic meals but you will save a lot of money. It's a big rip off people!I just loved it ... everything about it!  I recently had a green Bloody Mary and as someone that usually doesn't enjoy alcohol, I found myself wanting to order all the alcoholic beverages on the menu.  On my second visit, we had an extremely informative server.  He was very helpful with making vegetarian suggestions.  Be sure to order the guacamole, and the platanos con crema are to die for!  Make sure you get there really early, or make your reservations *way* in advance.  If you do have to wait, hang out in the bar area, find a little spot by a ledge, and flag down a server.  You don't have to wait by the bar to get  a drink, the servers will be happy to bring you one, along with an appetizer to enjoy while waiting for your table.It can be a HUGE pain to get in, but great food.  I got lucky and we got in pretty quickly the time I came.  We got two different kinds of guacamole (the regular and the chocolate one) and both were awesome (the regular was actually a bit better).  I got the pork in apricot mole, which was pretty amazing.  It'd get a fifth star if you didn't have to wait so long every time.My boyfriend and I went here for my 21st birthday, and the drinks were amazing. Unfortunately, they were so amazing - and also pretty strong - that I can barely remember the food. I felt really bad because the food was expensive, but the drinks were sooooo good. The bartenders were all awesome too. It did take about 2 hours without a reservation to get a table - that's how I ended up very tipsy.My boyfriend loved the food. He ordered a couple of different appetizers and loved all of them. Definitely worth the wait.I was fortunate enough to get a reservation 2 weeks in advance and it was one of the highlights of my Chicago visit.  We ordered some margaritas from the bar since we were a little early.  The Topolo margarita was the best one we had that night.  Good balance with the tequila and lime.We went all out for dinner and started with the shrimp & calamari ceviche with habanero.  The habanero spice was mellowed out by the lime and garlic in the ceviche but it was amazing.  Served with chips I don't think we said much throughout the dish except smiling and commenting on how good it was.  Next we ordered the Flautas de Pato - taquitos filled with duck carnitas and pineapple with a "tomamole" sauce of tomatillo, pineapple, and sesame over the top.  Too too good.  For our entrees we had a pork loin in a mole sauce with braised kale.  It was so good that the plate was cleaned entirely.  We could've licked the mole off the plate, but that'd have been rather rude.  The other entree was the special of the day - cochinita pibil- suckling pig roasted in banana leaves.  It was served with a habanero sauce and fresh fried black beans and fresh corn tortillas.  The pork was fall apart tender, but a tad on the salty side.  It made for perfect tacos.  The habanero sauce was extremely hot - so beware if you don't like spicy.  I asked the waiter to pair a wine for me and I received a wonderful Rioja that even went well with the spiciness of the dish.For dessert we shared the custard dish - a vanilla custard that was a lot like flan and a chocolate custard.  The chocolate was rich and velvety but we weren't real keen on the texture.Overall outstanding meal - just the dessert didn't stand out.  The service and attitude of everyone working there is a real treat though.  Nobody seemed like they were dreading being at work which really makes the dining experience for the customer that much better.Frontera - like Xoco & Topolobampo are filled with art from trips to Mexico and it's just beautiful, bright, and cheerful.Tips: If you aren't able to make your reservation weeks in advance, then show up early because you might be able to catch a spot at the bar.The menu changes every 4 weeks, so check back for new dishes...Finally was able to make it to Frontera. The first time it was just too long of a wait for lunch, the second it was Monday and they were closed. So this time decided to go around 12:30... there were seats open at the bar but the restaurant was full. Ended up ordering the fish tacos $15 and chips / salsa $2.75. It seemed like it took awhile for the meal to come out, when it came out I was kinda disappointed at the amount. I was able to get about three tacos out of the fish. Sure the fish was great, tasted good and felt nice and light. But for $15 I kinda thought there would be more. I personally like the tacos at De Cero and I think they are a better deal. Over rated and hyped is the best way to describe Frontera. I could see myself just getting the chips and salsa from the store and eating those. I don't think I'll be going back for the tacos anytime soon.I love Rick Bayless, "One Plate at a Time" and I really love Mexican food.  It's one of my favorite cuisines.  I was extremely excited to try this place in anticipation that it was going to meet and/or exceed my expectations.  I was there about 4 years ago for my mom's birthday on a Saturday night.  Our wait was over 2 hours and when we did get our table (for 7), we were all scrunched together.  The dining area is extremely small and uncomfortable. The food is mediocre at best. I was expecting something so much more. I have been to a number of Mexican restaurants in Puerto Vallarta, Monterrey, Cabo, Riviera Maya, Acapulco and I was expecting Frontera to be right up there with all of them. I have not been back since and have no intentions to. It was quite a disappointment not to mention over priced for what you're getting.Frontera is a must-visit in Chicago.  Went on Friday night for first time and it lived up to the reviews.  The margarita was very good--I ordered the Topolo margarita which is shaken tableside.  All of the food was incredible.  My favorite was the fresh tortilla chips with guacamole and salsa.  Also the best tortilla soup I've ever had.Me and my husband LOVE this place!!  We went here for my birthday a few years back and it was great!  Rick Bayless even signed a cookbook that my husband purchased there...I felt so honored that he would take time away from the kitchen to sign it for me!  That was something I will never forget!  And the food speaks for itself.  Everything is very fresh and very well prepared.  One of the stand out items we had were the tamales, my husband said they were better than any he has ever had, even in Mexico!!  (Cause he is Mexican)  I remember them being very moist and super flavorful!  We weren't 21 yet when we ate here so I can't comment on the drinks from the bar, but I hope to get back their soon and then I can update.  This is just the perfect place to go for what appears to be upscale but is really peasant style Mexican food, which in my opinion, is the best kind!  Try it!!Why was I not wowed?  Was it one of those "too much hype" situations?  Was it because I just got back from a month in some "other" part of Mexico where the food was far too different than it was here?  I saw lots of the same flavors sure, but when the skirt steak in Mexico isn't as tough as the skirt steak in Chicago I think we need to start asking ourselves some questions.Also, I had a bad case of "wah - I like everyone else's food better than mine."  I appreciated the smokiness of the food, but every single thing we ordered was smokey (except the guac); it would've been nice to have some sort of reprieve.The tamarind margarita went down like yummy yummy juice - I wouldn't be mad at it if it offered up a bit more heat though.It's too bad I don't live here and can't come back again any time soon to try a wider selection of offerings.  For now all I can say is that the falda asada brava is totally missable - and why were my cebollitas so stringy, tough to cut, and tied in a knot?The chips were excellent though!Rick Bayless is amazing.  I'd follow him anywhere around the world to eat his food.  He's one of the most decorated and revered chefs in America for a few simple reasons:  He cooks authentic, ethnic food from the soul, without pretension, and with it expresses his honest devotion to the culture, history, and ingredients that define Oaxacan food.We arrived early afternoon with party of four.  We had hoped to score a late reservation for Frontera or Topolobampo but understood it would be difficult.  The door staff advised us to wait in line (starting at 415) to try for an early evening seating.  We waited, were given a 640 sit-down time, and were seated promptly as promised.  The restaurant saves half the seats for walk-up clients (much more forgiving than most places) and most times can squeeze you in the same night.The service was wonderful.  The full staff is attentive, prompt, friendly, and helpful in decoding the complexities of the monthly-rotating Oaxacan menu.  The drinks are strong.  Way strong.  I recommend the traditional Mojito (with Tequila).Rick and his staff present a variety of ceviche, small plate, and large plate offerings.  We ordered a few selections from each part of the menu and were amazed at the consistency, depth of flavor, diversity of ingredients, execution of technique, and inspiration in each dish.  The food, all the food, was simply amazing.You may expect that Rick, like most celebrichefs,  coasts by on mediocre food to fund his burgeoning TV, cookware, cookbook, and all-in-one margarita machine empire.  You'd be, fortunately for all, incorrect.  Rick and his restaurants are no 'crap-serving, overpriced, slow-service, uninspired, taco bell-knockoff, Bobby Flay crap storm'.  His food is traditional to the T---he's lived there, loves the land, and uses it to inspire his creations.If you find yourself in Chicago.  Hell, if you find yourself in the mid-west or anywhere other than a coastline, make your way to one of his downtown restaurants and enjoy his vision, memory, and love of traditional Mexican food.This place was hyped up to me for a long time. Rick Bayless is the real deal, but this mexican didn't do it for me. I've been to a lot of "nice" mexican restaurants and had high hopes and expectations for this place.I had a reservation so I knew I didn't have to wait. The margs were good but honestly I've had a lot better. The guac was good, but seriously missing the little extra I was hoping this place would provide. We ordered guac and 2 salsas, but only the guac came with the chips. So we had to divide and conquer with limited chip selection which was kind of a bummer.The tacos were good. Very tasty. We did the 3 taco platter with pork, chicken and steak. They tasted great but didn't have the extra "kick" I wanted. For a place with so much hype behind the name, I found myself craving Abobo Grill in Old Town because they have the best guac and margs in town. Overall, the service was just okay and the food was just okay too. Try it for yourself but make a reservation (3 weeks ahead of time). XOCO is the bomb tho.rick bayless' homage to mexican food is probably the best tasting of mexican food i've had.  everything from the attention to detail in the food to the detail in the dining room made us feel like we were having some good food at a cool restaurant in puerto vallarta.yes, the wait is long but this is noted on their site and we came w/ that expectation.  for those of you not willing to wait, the bar is full service and you can get food from either frontera grill or topolo next door.  we put our names down and waited for a bar seat but were surprised when they sat us earlier than the quoted 1 hour wait.the dining area is lively w/ mexican music playing in the background.  once seated, our waitress graciously greeted us and immediately helped us out w/ the drink menu.  i got the topolo margarita and wifey got a raspberry tea margarita like drink.  we both really loved our drinks.for apps we got the topolo tortilla soup and the queso fundido clasico.  the tortilla soup was thinner than i expected it to be but the flavors were pot on.  the thin strips of tortilla and chicken all worked together and a douse of lime juice provided a nice hit of acid.  the queso fundido was very flavorful.  we were given little tortillas so that we can make mini tacos.  on the side we were given some chorizo along w/ 2 types of roasted salsas.  i tried various combinations of queso, chorizo and salsas and everything was lovely.for mains, i got the enchiladas de mole poblano and she got the tostada de frijoles negros w/ chicken added.  the mole sauce in my dish was the best mole sauce i've ever tasted.  it was spicy, sweet, rich and complex.  the tortilla was perfect and the chicken was very well seasoned and cooked.  i'd go back here just for this dish.  the tostadas were very light and the cheese on them was so fresh and light.for dessert we got the chocolate-raspberry tart w/ fresh raspberry ice cream.  this was a recommendation from the nice group who were seated next to us and had been coming to frontera grill for 23 years!  the tart crust was nice but the filling was spectacular w/ both the richness and sweet/tartness of the raspberries working wildly together.  the ice cream provided the nice light contrast to the tart and we were left with large smile on our face.i have to mention our waitress again.  unfortunately i don't remember her name but she made our meal entertaining and provided great insight into the menu.  i was struggling between choosing between the enchilada dish i picked and a halibut dish.  in order to help me out she wanted to see if i liked the mole sauce so she brought me a sample of the mole sauce to aid in my decision.everything about this meal just worked so well.  if we were living in chicago i'd say we'd be regulars here but all we can hope for is a sister restaurant out here.Sigh...it was a bit like thinking your date is going to be hot based on the picture, but it turns out the picture was shot 5 years ago and 20 lbs lighter in the right lighting conditions.I was excited when my friend suggested a Rick Bayless restaurant.  She originally suggested Xoco because she thought we could grab something quick.  However once we got there we discovered that it was busy and we would have to wait 20 minutes to sit down at a table.  So we went over to Frontera Grill and discovered the wait was 2 hours on a Tuesday.  BUT we snagged a seat at a table at the bar.Drinks:  The margaritas are just average, in my opinion they taste a bit watered down.Appetizers:  We ordered the quesadillas and first off, they are NOTHING like quesadillas.  They are like empanadas.  And they were strictly average, in fact I probably wouldn't order it again.Entrees:  I ordered the Enchiladas Mole and I found the sauce to be flavorful but not mind blowing.  It was a bit like a young wine, great first taste, but lacks depth and the flavors dont' develop.  It also came out warm on the verge of being cold.  So I think it detracted from the experience.My friend had the vegetarian layered tortilla dish, forget the name.  It came out with congealed cheese and a bit greasy.  Again, it had some decent flavor, but nothing to write home about.The way rick described the way he like to developed complex flavors on Top chef leads you to expect a lot more. Overall I thought the food had definite potential.  But I really left feeling underwhelmed.  Very disappointing given Rick Bayless won Top chef mastersAbsolutely nothing less that five stars here. We came on an early Friday morning. We are huge Rick Bayless fans and this was a must-see for us on our trip to Chicago. The food did not disappoint. I had the green mole and I finished every last bite. One of our party was from Mexico City and he complimented the authenticity of the food. It was a pleasure to be able to dine here and can't wait to go again on our next trip out to Chicago.We love Rick Bayless' show and thought this would be a must go to place when visiting Chicago.  First, you get to stand in line for over an hour just to be told that, even though they open at 5 PM, they cannot seat you until 5:10PM.  They let everyone know, though, that the bar opens at 5PM.  There was a mad rush to the bar (I estimate there were 75 people), and they never did get to us to take an order.  We finally got seated at 5:15PM.  We ordered the ceviche trio.  For $20, it was not worth the money.  Two of them were good, one was ordinary.  We ordered the gucamole.  Did not get much for the $10 we spent, and it had no bite at all.  Very ordinary.  My husband ordered the flank steak asada.  It was spicy as advertised, but was luke warm.  I ordered the mole trio.  The vegetables tasted very earthy and I didn't even eat them.  The chicken mole mini-enchiladas were meh.  The pork mole was superior.  The noise in this place (both too loud music and voices) made for very little conversation across the table.  My ears were ringing for an hour after we left.  The service was also less than stellar.  Not worthy of a 20% gratuity in the least.  Lesson learned.......just because you enjoy a celebrity's TV show, does not automatically mean you will enjoy thier restaurant.  I will stick to buying his packaged sauces and save myself $100.Talk about having a real authentic gourmet Mexican dinner!! Simply the best...to bad I can't afford to eat here to often!!! Rick Bayless is awesome and watching his show on PBS was so cool!! My boys and I would watch it as much as possible. He really brings out the color and flavor in all his ingredients!! I really enjoyed watching his show when it was airing and of course I have one of his cook books. I've made several of his dishes and they've been big hits!!! :-)Def. a must try!!!!After moving to Chicago from San Francisco, this was the first place I went since I was a huge fan of Mexico One Plate at a Time.  I thought it would be easy to get a table at 5:10pm, a mere 10 minutes after the place opened, but I was wrong.  We walked in the door and it was already a 60 minute wait, which wasn't a big deal because I just sat at the bar and enjoyed some delicious Margaritas and chips.  Once we got our table I had a pretty good buzz but that didn't prevent me from enjoying a great meal.  Everything on the menu is great, however I would recommend eating from the small plates menu, that way everyone gets to taste a little bit of everything that is ordered.  All in all a very successful evening.This was my second visit to both Chicago and the Frontera Grill.  Both occasions were for business so luckily, I was on the company dime.  This visit we were seated right next to Rick and Deann Groen Bayless which made it all that more special.  The mojitos were awesome and so was everything else I tasted.  You can't go wrong eating at Frontera.  If there ever is a third trip, business or not, to Chicago in my future, I will be back at the Frontera Grill.Rick Bayless is fantastic! and so is frontera! yes, it is a very long wait, but I think it's totally worth it! the guacamole is outstanding and the ceviche is amazing. I would definitely recommend this place.YUCK!  Just awful.  Oh my god.  I cannot believe the rave reviews this place gets.  Terrible.  Thankfully we actually did not have to wait, which apparently is a Christmas miracle.  So, I guess that's saying something.  My fiance and I both ordered dishes which appeared to be vegetarian, or at least meatless, on the menu.  However, the waiter continually referred to my fiance's dish as "the vegetarian dish".  So, I asked if mine too was vegetarian.  He was somewhat dodgy with me on this topic, which I did not appreciate at all.  When our food came, it was barely even warm.  My fiance liked his dish okay, but mine was not good.  It was approaching funky in fact.  To top it off, the place is loud as hell.  So, I found myself sitting there in silence poking at my funky cold food.  Please, do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.  There are much better restaurants in town!Our favorite special occasion place, a little slice of heaven. Always excellent and worth the wait. I dream of their margaritas... all excellent. Topolobampo also consistently excellent.I feel like I need to go back to Frontera a few times to really get a sense for the food, but when a full meal with a few margaritas can easily run $70 per person...and there are so many fantastic places to eat in Chicago...I'm not so inclined to make the effort. Everything I got the one time I visited was good, certainly, but hardly the revelatory experience so many people have claimed it to be. I've had much better at the old Ixcapuzalco location (although I've been told the new restaurant is pretty disappointing). If you don't want to deal with the wait, just show up on an off-night by the time the restaurant opens and it really shouldn't be much of a problem getting a table.Excellent Mexican food with real good drinks to boot.  Started with the half-sized grand platter which included ceviche, raw oysters, and some shrimp cocktail thing.  Seafood was very fresh.  I had the Carne Asada Brava as an entree, which was a steak marinated in a spicy salsa.  Damn good.  The person I was with had the tacos al pastor, which was also very good.  Guacamole is a must try at this place too.We drank 3 rounds of their "Trago Bravo," which is a silver tequila shot with a salt-rimmed sangrita chaser (sangrita is like bloody mary mix).  Be sure to get the tequila shot chilled (this is the ONLY way to drink tequila).  I think I may have a new favorite shot.  The margaritas were decent (not as strong as I like them).  My only slight knock on this place is the service.  It was a little slow and the place was really not busy, but the food & drink more than made up for it.  Nice bar area too.Wow. I feel as though my mouth just got laid.Honestly, this place is fantastic. We had to get there right at 5:00pm at opening on a Saturday night, still waited about 45 minutes (they only take about a 20% reservations rate), but completely worth it.My husband and I enjoyed a killer mojito at the bar, then were seated downstairs. I highly recommend eating in the lower level instead of the main dining room, which is so loud you can't carry on a conversation. Our waiter was pleasant, amicable and knowledgable. We never felt rushed, and after sauntering out 3 plus hours later, we vowed we would be back soon.OK the business here: THE FOOD. I had extremely high expectations after watching Chef Bayless on Bravo's "Top Chef Masters", and was anticipating a major let-down because of all the hype surrounding the Bayless food empire in the local news lately. We started with the shrimp and calamari ceviche, so beautifully presented in a martini glass and silver tray, both set with banana leaves. The seafood was absolutely divine, no "fishy" flavor, just fresh and light-tasting, lime, red onion and microgreens. It makes every other ceviche I have ever had taste like swill!!! Next app was the Queso Fundido Clasico, with house-made chorizo (YUM), green peppers. onions and homemade torillas. So drippy and oily but damn flavorful. My husband wanted to lick the plate, but we refrained. :POur entrees were the mushroom and corn vegetarian plate with sunflower shoot salad and the duck breast with Oaxacan mole and a dark green (I think it was Swiss chard or kale). I ordered my duck cooked a little longer than normal - the waiter said it was usually medium-rare, and I asked for medium) and it was perfect. The sauce was complex, subtle, but enriching everything....I was expecting a spicy, knock-out, overpowering sauce, but I was completely floored and mistaken! The greens weren't at all bitter, and the vegetarian entree was so inventive and surprising. Who would have thought that you would find sesame and pumpkin seeds in this kind of cuisine????For dessert, we had a wonderful bread pudding topped with a carjeta (goat's milk) ice cream and a piece of chocolate pecan pie with impossibly flaky crust and Kahlua whipped cream. Speaking as a Southern girl who knows her way around pecan pie, it's simply not fair that a Yankee Mexican restaurant in Chicago should have the best pecan pie I've ever tasted.If you think that Mexican food is all about some mystery meat wrapped in a tortilla and disguised with cheese, then you need to visit Frontera. The food is phenomenal, the staff are great, and it's wonderful to see a high-profile chef like Rick supporting so many farmers and vendors committed to sustainable ingredients. GO NOW.A great Chicago destination.  Rick Bayless is a wonderful chef and I was excited to try his restaurant.  Everything was top notch.  We were not disappointed.  Will be back when we return to Chicago!Just to preface this review I loved my dish, I ordered the fried ricotta balls in marinara and it was delectable. I thought my boyfriend's Mole dish was ok, I mean it wasn't the best mole I have ever had, but I definitely would not mind eating it if someone gave it to me. I was not a fan of their appetizer taster called the Entremes Surtido. I really only liked one thing on the whole platter- the tangy ceviche tostadas, everything else was slightly bland. I watched top chef masters religiously, so I obviously came here with pretty high expectations... Our waiter wasn't very nice and when we asked him if we could take a picture with Rick Bayless he said he can't ask, but if we really wanted to we could ask ourselves, but how were we supposed to do that? Go into the kitchen and find him ourselves? Sucks. But that is not the reason why I didn't give Frontera 4 or 5 stars. It's really just because the food wasn't that great. I heard that his higher-end restaurant which can be found right next to Frontera, Topolobampo, is amazing. However, it just sucks that he allows his more accessible restaurant to be mediocre and saves his best dishes and better quality ingredients to his more expensive restaurant. I mean it makes sense fiscally, but I think I still get to let everyone know. If you really want the so-called Rick Bayless experience save up and go to Topolobampo, because you won't find anything that wows you at Frontera GrillIt'd be easier to just take a photo of the menu rather than list all the food I like here, b/c honestly, everything tastes good. It's a fancy schmancy south american joint that makes delicious food that looks pretty (which I'm sure most places south of the border wouldn't bother taking the time to do). The flavor combos here are JUST SO, and the yum factor is in everything from the smoky chocolatey mole, to the tanginess of the al pastor tacos to the lovely creaminess of the guacamole to the refreshing tartness of the jamaica lime drink. It's spendy and worth it.I liked Frontera Grill both times I visited. The food was good. The service was average. It is a great place to go. However, against the hype it receives it is only worthy of 3 stars.You know when's a great time to go to Frontera without reservations?  When it's balls cold out.  I was in Chicago for business this week (when the high temperature barely crept above 0 degrees), and Frontera was shockingly uncrowded at 7 pm.  I sat myself at the counter facing the window, ordered a glass of pinot noir, and relished my dinner of chile relleno (with a stack of warm tortillas so I could make little tacos).  I didn't think I'd have enough room for dessert, but I ended up ordering this lime sorbet + pomegranate + grapefruit + coconut milk concoction, and it was just heavenly.  I could kick myself now for never eating here when I actually lived in Chicago, given how amazing and reasonably priced it is.  Chicagoans: Get in at Frontera while it's cold!After a disappointing attempt to dine at Sable, we decided to try our luck at snatching a bar seat at Frontera. A bit hungry, anxious about time, and borderline grumpy from the previous venue, we were invited to order some food from a server that saw us perched at this end table (with lamp) and have our repast. Guacamole, casuelas with pork, and enchiladas mole came in good time and took up every single inch of table space. And we had a blast eating this delish food, standing up, meeting other customers along the way. Sure, I am spoiled being a native SoCal resident as far as Mexican food goes. But this was lovely, and most of all, memorable. And how convenient to have Xoco right around the corner for a churro and one of the best chocolate cappuccinos I have ever imbibed. I hope that end table is still there next time I go back.Very good food.  Great service and while it can be a bit pricey, it is well worth it taking everything into consideration.  Yummy margaritas and very nice decor.  It didn't seem to be the most authentic place, as far as mexican goes, but the carne asada was mouthwatering.  The guac was great, everything was really good.  I'm not sure why I can't bring myself to give them five stars.  Maybe it's because they had blintzes of some sort on their menu or because of the high expectations, nonetheless it is worth checking out.I've been going to Frontera Grill for years, and it's consistently impeccable service and food.  Rick Bayless knows Mexican cuisine, and every dish on the menu is extremely well thought out.  Frontera also has the BEST margaritas in town, and I would argue with anyone over that - the Topolo is their signature.  In addition to the ceviche, which is light and flavorful, I have a difficult time not ordering steak (either the Bravo or the Oaxaquena, both are delicious), the Dorado en Pipian Verde is a wonderful mahi, with a great sauce that really complements the fish.  All and all, while I've tried most of the Mexican restaurants in the city, Frontera has yet to be beat.My experience was rather average though. Maybe I set such a high expectation, given the fuss of having to book well in advance (otherwise a long wait) and some overly positive comments here. Having not had those perceptions I would say it's a not-bad restaurant.It's been over a year since I've eaten here and I only remember two things: the ceviche was wonderful,  kumamoto oysters were VERY fresh (I'm a picky seafood eater).A colleague recommended Frontera Grill to me, being a Mexican food lover, I immediately picked up the phone and made reservations (which you should too!). The place gets super packed very quick, reservations are recommended 6-8 weeks in advance (they do welcome walk-ins as well, be prepared to wait a little bit if you don't have reservations. Then again, what's a 30 minute wait when you have the company of delicious Margaritas....), even then I was only able to grab a spot for Saturday brunch.  The place itself is cozy and lively. It's a bit loud but that's expected. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable. She recommended drink made with passion fruit, champagne, sugar and wheat beer, it was delicious; of course, I wouldn't dare skipping a good Mijito and Margarita (note, this wasn't a liquid lunch...). Started off with the Guacamole, it was very fresh, chunky and nicely seasoned; shared an order of Brazo de Indio, which is a vegetarian tamal, filled with black beans, egg & pumpkinseeds, topped with a roasted tomato sauce. Tasty but could use a bit more flavor IMHO.   I got the Enchiladas de Huveo con Bistec, it was spicy steak & eggs in tomato-serrano chile sauce in fresh-baked corn tortillas; topped with hand-made Indian Jack cheese. It was very tasty, one of the best steak & egg dishes I've ever had. It is quite spicy so take note if you're interested in ordering this.  Friend got the pork tacos, delicious? Yes!  The place totally lives up to the hype. Food is fantastic! This is going to be my first stop when I come back to Chicago.Mole, mole, mole! I love mole and this place does the best version north or the border. Similar food to the sister restaurant Topo but at a much friendlier price. This or Topo or XOOC is a must eat for the city!Best Mexican food I've ever eaten.  I'm not exaggerating.  It was seriously delicious & I wish I could go back sooner!  I was in Chicago for work by myself so I sat at the bar instead of taking up a table.  The chicken tortilla soup was to die for.. if I lived near Frontera Grill that would be my go-to soup whenever I was feeling under the weather.  The server brought out a bowl of chicken, homemade jack cheese, avocado & tortilla strips, and then poured the warm broth over it in front of me.  Everything melted together wonderfully & the flavors were so good.  I also got the carne asada which came with guacamole, black beans & plantains.  I could have used some rice, but that's just my personal preference.  I decided to skip the dessert menu & have a liquid dessert instead.  The Cafe Tacuba was great.. espresso, tequila, kahlua & cream.. a great end to the meal!Service for lunch was slow...the server was grouchy and not very communicative..this is second time I have had lunch and similar experience. We waited 40 minutes for food to arrive. I had mushroom quesadillas which were luke warm but delicious. The black refried beans smelled and tasted like fecal matter....I had another diner smell to see if  it was just me, but again confirmed horrible smell. I love fresca frontera at Macy's downtown, but not this location.  I love Rick Bayless and I want to love this place....but service and quality..... eh, not so much.Rock Bayless is a friend of a friend, and I almost feel weird about being one more person reviewing this place. I also feel deeply deeply privileged to have eaten at Topolobambo, the real jewel in his crown....belated review coming for that soon. Other yelpers have covered the food here...it rocks. What raised my eyebrows was the extensive list of mezcals...and this is a great place to break away from tequila, and explore Mexico's underrated 2nd great spirit. They know their stuff here...hell many of the people working here come from the mezcal areas. Talk to them...in Spanish if you know it. Always enjoy seeing Rick and his daughter eating together here in full view of all....very cute, very endearing.Best guac I have ever tasted.  This is a must try in my opinion.  I have been half a dozen times and have had something different each time, all of which have been amazing, although my husband swears by the Carne Asada & orders it every time.  The ingrediants are so fresh, and the preparation is superb.  Reservations are hard to get, but calling first thing in the morning seems to help.  Go hungry though because you will want to eat every last bite!Big fan of Rick Bayless so I figured I would try out Frontera Grill while we were in Chicago.  Tried to make a reservation for dinner a week out but it was completely booked.  Ended up making a lunch reservation.  We started with the Blue Agave and Summer margaritas and the guacamole.  While the margs tasted fresh, I wasn't a fan of the martini like presentation in the small glasses.  I would much rather have it on the rocks in a regular glass.  For my second margarita I got the spicy one with chipotle salt.  I asked for it on the rocks and it was much better than the first.  Still served in a fruity tall skinny glass though.  The guacamole was good, I've had better but it was decent.  For our meals we went with the waiters recommendations, the Gordita and the Mole Poblano enchilladas.  The gordita was tasty, the mole sauce on the enchiladas was a bit dry and not the best I've had.  On a side note the changing table in the women's bathroom was gross.  All in all I left underwhelmed.  I had expected it to be one of the top Mexican meals of my life and it was just "good".  Would try Xoco next time.Wow does everyone need to try the Chipotle-glazed ribs on Saturdays. There is enough food for two, but not nearly enough hand towels.if the wait time for this place wasnt a standard 4hrs it might get 5 starslets start off with drinks cause ya theyre awesome...i suggest the blue agave margarita...it will come to u in a teeny martini glass and u will take a moment to think ur gettin jipped but my friends u are not...u-are-notgroup appetizer platter had some yummy food...i liked the taquitos and empanadas...please dont stone me but i wasnt thrilled with the guacmealtime...steak tacos came with guac and bean soup...coulda passed on the soup it was pretty watery...the steak mix was really great but why give me 5 shells when theres only enough for 2?ps i stole some enchilladas with mole from the bf...my meal wasnt the same after :)i love mexican food and can honestly say ive never had a tortilla like one at the grill...maybe thats how theyre made in the motherland...i wouldnt know...but i wasnt quite diggin the fact that they were really thick and kinda gummydessert...none...it wouldnt fit...maybe next timewhere frontera could improve which lets be honest they wont cause rick is so damn popular he could have the city eating out of his hand...and he already pretty much does:-bathrooms...yea i gotta critique the damn things...two stalls with one sink and no standing room? nonono...i did not like this at all i had to wait for 15 min to use one and then had to dance to get to the sink and paper towels and catch a glimpse in the mirror-wait time...ridiculous...take a res its not hard-went here for a surprise bday dinner and they wouldnt seat us till the whole party was here...kinda ruined a bit of the surprise-wait time for drinks...it was a good 15 min into the meal before we got served drinks...i dont mind waiting for food but when it smells that damn good in there please give me something to shove in my mouth NOW-veryyyyyy close tables...i like the homey feel to it...what i didnt like was the fact that i knew i was gonna get bumped anytime someone walked past medinner lasted about 3 hrs and averaged $80/person with apps/drinks/dinner/tip...more than i was expecting but then again i didnt think the margaritas were gonna taste like nectar from the godso and the birthday boy got to meet the chef...very cool :)A must if you're in Chicago.  Rick Bayless thanks for brining the magic of mexican food to mid-westerners!  Why isn't Red-O in L.A. as good?  Is it simply memories or does Frontera Grill outshine it's west coast sister?Very few times does a place live up to it's hype.... And last. This place is LEGIT!No reservations, so you'll be tortured by a wonderful margarita or other tasty concoction these high quality bartenders whip up. Chips and salsa are as good as it gets. Into the dining room, attack anything with mole sauce. The busted dishes and carne asada is awesome!Three tips....enchiladas, enchiladas and enchiladas!This is the best high end Mexican restaurant that I have ever been to.  The food is really fresh, spicy and tasty.  I love this place so much that on a weekend trip to the windy city I ate there twice, in one day.An amazing meal - not like the Mexican food you get out here in Cali - but still great - especially if someone else is paying!I dream about the chicken tortilla soup and the mole from Frontera Grill. This place was worth the money and the trip to Chicago. Bayless puts together a terrific menu and I wish I could have tried it all. The soup- that was so rich, flavorful, bold, filling. I have never had a better soup. The mole was a little spicy, but with a side of sour cream, it was just fine. The mole was so full and flavorful- I've never had it better. We also had ceviche, which was okay, but not my favorite thing. I can't wait to go back and try even more.Appetizers:Trio, Trio, Trio-very fresh ceviche, liked the tuna the best thoughEntremes Surtido-above average platter with cheesy quesadillas, crispy chicken taquitos with sour cream, tangy ceviche tostadas, crunchy jicama salad and guacamole. all were good although I liked the cheesy quesadillas the best. The platter was confusing to order, at least to the waitress...I'll explain.  Here it is as written on the menu: FOR TWO OR MORE ONLY. PRICE IS PER PERSON. 8.00 So I said, "I would like $16 worth of this appetizer." I thought this would avoid any potential miscommunication, but the clueless waitress proved me wrong. She said you need to order 2 of them since it says for 2 or more.  So, again I said, "$16 worth of appetizers and you can write it up however you want to." She proceeds to bring a behemoth of a platter and I knew immediately she screwed up. "Since we have not touched the plate, please take it back. I only wanted appetizers for 2 people." "I can't since I placed it on your table." "Then don't charge us for it." "I'll only charge you for 3 people." "I would like to speak with your manager." "Why?" "Let me speak with your manager." "Okay. I will charge you for only 2." ?!?!?!   If it weren't for the super duper accommodating busboy who went across to another restaurant to snag some containers for sauces, I would have been stingy with my tip. I hope they share tips cuz the busboy deserved all 25%.Entrees:Mole! Mole! Mole! Pollo en Mole Verde Oaxaqueno-loved the refreshingly bright green mole with the moist, tender chicken-my favorite mole dishCarne Asada a la Oaxaquena- well-cooked beef, good mole with subtle chocolate taste; not overpowering like most. beef was generally tender with very few problematic areas.Very good food when we went there. Odd service. Bought a cookbook so we could try to make our own mole. Tried one recipe so far and I think Rick is not 100% forthcoming in the ingredients. Some of his secrets didn't make it to print. :)My Aunt took me here for lunch a couple years ago.  We were lucky that there was a table immediately ready for us outside.  The place was packed.   I got tortilla soup and some appetizers.  It was an amazing time and it immediately became one of my favorite restaurants.  Since then, I've been a huge Rick Bayless fan and I love his show on PBS.  I'll go again some day (I live in California so not very convenient).  I'm sure of it.Came here with my roomie and a few of her coworkers.  We got there first and there ended up being an hour wait.  We thought we'd hang out in the bar for drinks before.  Our server in the bar, Pepe, was amazing and attentive.  I started out with the Champagne Margarita-awesome choice.  Then had the Cha-Chamoy; it's an alcoholic apricot drink with chipotle salt on the rim. LOVED it.  Dont get this drink if you cant handle spicy.  My roommate said her lips were burning, but I love spicy so to me it was nothing.  We ordered the appetizer sampler (cant remember the name of it) and it was so good!  The perfect mix of quesadilla, chicken taquitos, ceviche, and guacamole.  Their guacamole is good-not too salty not too limey.  I'm a huge fan of their salsa verde as well.After waiting for much longer than expected for our table, we finally were seated and greeted by Paco, another amazing server.  I ordered the special that night-mahi mahi with a green tomatillo sauce and verde rice.  Sounds great right?  it wasnt.  It was mediocre and there was nothing too special about the sauce, an average tomatillo sauce on a piece of mushy mahi with green rice.  in all honesty, it looked like a baby throw up.  why would u pair mush with more mush?  luckily, i had ordered another champagne margarita and that sufficed.  we didnt have time for dessert.  the service was impeccable MINUS the rude hostess who was annoyed when we asked for a table of 6.  We asked if they dont usually seat 6 and she answered "no we do not".  When we were being seated however, there was a table of 10+ next to us!  The servers we had were entertaining and attentive.  Looking at the other entrees ordered at the table, the food was meh.  And no offense to Bayless fans, I was not impressed.  I didnt know who he was going into the restaurant, and I sure wont remember him coming out of it.  And definitely not to offend again but, it seemed like "white people" Mexican food.  I want something with flavor and kick.  Give me ma&pa tacqueria over this place anyday.  The service and drinks are what gave this place the 2 stars.Quite possibly THE best restaurant in Chicago!  Rick Bayless is the bomb!  I'm sure everyone has different criteria for what a great restaurant is.  For me, it's food quality, creativity, consistency, atmosphere, and "legacy" - its impact on its visitors.  Frontera has it all.  Frontera is a cornerstone of the great food culture with which Chicago is blessed.When you walk inside, you see two large rooms painted in warm earthtones and decorated with Mexican art.  The crowd is moderately loud, and there's Latin music playing.  It's elegant yet casual.  You'll probably see a huge line of people waiting to get a table as well.  A good sign of a great Chicago restaurant (fancy or not) is the size of the line!  To avoid the wait, try going at 5pm or 9:30pm (when real Mexicans eat haha), or hit brunch before 11am.  I usually go sit at the bar area, which also has tables and is seat-yourself (and perhaps beg someone for their table when they leave).  Though the last time I sat down in the dinner area, Bayless was at the table next to me, and Mayor Daly was in da house too!Frontera is apparently home-style dishes from various parts of Mexico, with a modern, upscale twist.  The dinner menu changes every month.  In fact, Bayless takes his staff to Mexico every summer to teach as well as to learn new recipes.  Every dish has such deep and rich flavor.  Some of the staple dishes on the menu are great - the enchiladas de mole poblano (their super famous mole), the duck breast, the pork loin with mole verde, the carne asada,   I love to try their specials.  Their brunch menu is great too, especially their tortilla soup, the pozole, and the corona azteca.  Oh yeah, don't forget the appetizers and drinks.  They make three great ceviches and many great margarita/martinis.  And perhaps the best dish is the most simple dish - guacamole!!!  I am in love with it!!  There's some special twist to it - extra citrus flavor and maybe sun-dried tomato - but it's amazing.  Can't believe I pay $8 for it haha.Can you tell I'm in love with Frontera? Maybe one restaurant which could be better is its next door, "fine dining" sister Topolobampo.  But why pay more and try to look stuffier when you already have such greatness next door at Frontera?It seems that everyone's always raving about how great Frontera Grill is. So me and me dear old mum decided to head there for lunch to see what the big deal was. So does it live up to the hype? Yes, indeed!  I had the black bean tostadas, which were exquisite. My mom (and almost everyone else at the restaurant it seemed) had this lamb dish. It was okay, but this is coming from a person who despises lamb. We got there about 15 before it opened and there was already a good amount of people waiting to get in. But it's worth the wait. Definitely planning on coming back.We are so totally super happy with our visit to Frontera Grill Saturday night.  Here is our story and how we met Chef Rick Bayless; Chicago was cold, windy and snowing Saturday night, and after having already done the must do and trying some authentic world class deep dish pizza-pie the night before, (at Edwardo's, see my review of there), we wanted something different.    And being a (Texan) fan of Mexican food and Bobby Flay, I did a quick google for the terms "Iron Chef Chicago".   If you search that you will see an article in the Chicagoian about their local Chef Rick Bayless battling it out with Flay on last seasons opener, Battle Buffalo.   I had just watched that episode like last Tuesday and I liked Rick's style, and we were surprised to discover that Frontera was just on the next block from our hotel, like a 3 minute walk!    Awesome!     And as you will see by our photo with him, Rick Bayless is there every day.   Unlike other "celebrity chefs" such as Bobby Flay, Mario Batali, Emeril, etc., where you can never meet them at their locations, yes, Rick Bayless is THERE.   Our waiter said, -every- day.  Anyway, let's get to the experience.   After finding this on the Internet and reading a few Yelp reviews we were totally sure this was where we wanted to have dinner.  So I called to make reservations only to learn that at 6PM Saturday night they were no longer taking reservations.  Was told that there is a bar area with open seating first come first served, and that the wait for a dinner table was one hour to one and a half hours.   No problem, we just put on our coats and gloves and stomped through the snow a few minutes and showed up in person to reserve a table and they happily accepted my reservation.   Being hungry and a little aggressive we then stood in the bar side waiting for anyone to leave a table and by probably what was sheer luck, a couple stood up and left like in less than a few minutes.   So we nailed that table fast and started out with a few drinks.   (Check the photo section for our uploads as we photographed the whole menu including the mixed drink section....)  Now let's get to the FOOD!   Woo Hoo! We started with Margaritas - My wife selected the Vanilla Margarita with Cazadores Blanco Taquila infused with Mexican vanilla and Hoja Santa leaves, 10-year-old Torres Brandy, agave syrup and fresh squeezed limonada.  Being a pepper lover, I selected the Margarita Yucateca with Milagro Blanco 100% Agave Tequila, fresh squeezed lime and orange, organic cane juice infused with roasted Habanero.  See, that's what I am talking about!   Our drinks were mixed and shaken right there at the table and they were extravagantly delicious.   This was the start of a world class food adventure!  We then ordered the Ceviche Yucateco steamed organic shrimp and calimari tossed with lime, orange, habanero, avocado, jimcaya and cilantro with Tortilla chips, as well as Ensalada Frontera a mixture of young seasonal greens with wood-grilled onions, radishes, fresh home-made cheese (!!!!!!), and roasted garlic dressing.    Yet before our first food arrived, my wireless tag with led lights went off indicating that our table was open.   So we cleared our bar side tab, told them where to deliver the food (table 42) and we were seated at a fantastic table where I could see right into the open kitchen.   Pure heaven as I love stuff like this!   As soon as we were seated, Jonathan assisted us the rest of the night, and he had our starters ready as soon as we sat down.   Jonathan provided outstanding service, took the photo of us with Chef Rick Bayless and even told us some of the secrets of what he called their food;  "Reconstructed Southern Mexican Gourmet", as being the fresh and organic ingredients they select from local farmers.  Jonathan also helped us make some selections based on my request for "Chef Bayless's Favorites".   We dined on Tamal de Chivo - Banana leaf wrapped tamal(e) filled with slow cooked Pleasant Meadows Boer goat barbacoa with spicy red chile Guajilla sauce, pickled carrot-beet salad and queso anejo.   As well as a wonderfully, beautifully presented crispy Taquitos Pollo de  Ahumado filled with smoked chicken and poblanos, served with home-made sour cream (!!!!!!), salsa verde, anejo cheese and guacamole.   To add our fish we selected the Cazeula de atun cherrywood smoked Hawaiian Ahi Tuna simmered with three-chile salsa, roasted butternut and Chayote with a frisee-watercress salad.  We then ended with their final available plate of the day, Chef Bayless's own favorite, chile relleno (which does not appear to be on their menu).  In summary, Chef Bayless's cuisine is the finest Mexican style I have ever eaten, and I live in Texas, so I have had my share of mexican for decades.   I've also eaten at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill in NYC, and to me, Bayless's food is better.  And I told him that.   It has a heat level to respect, and it is true world class, and very unique.  AAA+++The entire night was perfect...probably because I was drunk half way into the dinner. The Margaritas there are dangerously non-alcoholic tasting yet will place you half in the bag. If you are worried about the recession this is not the place to go things get pricey quickly. I was told this was the best place in Chicago and I was not let down.Frontera Grill sucks. If you are looking for tex-mex, this isn't it and if you are looking for good Mexican, it's not that either. We got there at 9:00 and did not get our food until 10:45.  The margaritas were really sour and the salmon dish is raw, which they fail to mention in their menu description.  The restaurant was really hot and because the service was so bad, it made for a really uncomfortable night. I do not recomend Frontera at all, if you are looking for good margaritas and decent food, settle with blue agave at rush and division.  It's predictable and in a great area and you'll get your tex-mex fixI was here a couple months ago with a friend and had a good time. You know it's going to be good when Rick Bayless is backing it. The guacamole is a must, and I had the duck entree with tortillas. AMAZING! My friend had the scallops, very good as well. It's a great mexican/amercian type fusion, and Bayless is definitely a great chef.rick bayless is bad-ass.  at first i thought he was a little creepy, especially on his public access tv show.  he's realllllly into the food.  like reeeeeallly into it.  using the words "succulent" and "tender" and "ever-so" is basically saying he wants to do the food.but it makes sense.  that's why he is such an amazing chef.frontera grill is my favorite mexican restaurants in the city.  duh, make reservations - he's one of the top chefs in the city.  it's a lively atmosphere, noisy, bustling - that is what you should expect.i'm not going to go into details about what you should order, because everything (drinks and all) is going to be excellent.cheers to whatever the next venture rick will tackle, because it will be gooood.I cannot wait to be home to eat here again! It is so worth the hype. To be honest I was kind of disappointment with the decor, with what they charge it should be a more attractive space but the food is AMAZING. I dare say it is the best Mexican food I've ever had. I had the Carne Asada "Brava" and it was the best steak I've ever had. I went with my mother and she had the cochinita pibil which was also cooked very well. The drinks are amazing!!!! If you are ever in Chicago just go!!!!!I had been dying to try Frontera and when our anniversary rolled around, I finally got the chance.  We were fools and didn't know that we had to make a reservation months in advance. I got there early and had a drink next door (Frankie Z's? cheap!) My husband showed up at 5 and by the time we walked out the door at 5:15, there were about 50 people in line for Frontera (this was a Thursday). I knew we wouldn't get seated for a while and was surprised when they told us our wait was 20 minutes! We had a drink at the bar and were seated soon after. Before we ate my husband was making remarks about how he hates "trendy" restaurants like this  but was singing a different tune after we ate. The food was excellent. We started with the ceviche, I ordered the rock hen, and my husband ordered carne asada. All were out of this world! Rick Bayless rules.The cucumber margarita with cilantro salt was out of this world.You really cant go wrong eating here. Food and drinks are as tasty as they come. Even my grandma, who thinks Mexico is a strange, far-off, foreign country, ate here and enjoyed it. Delicious, and safe.Let me begin by saying that the service here was exceptional from the bar all the way to our server at the table.  So since we went on a whim and didn't make any reservations (Big Mistake) we waited quite a while, but the time flew by since we were pretty entertained at the bar.  At the bar we started our drinks by having a watermelon mojito and I had the topolo margarita.  Both were delicious! We also indulged in a ceviche yucataqueno (?) which was small but extremely delicious.We finally were seated after an 1hr and 1/2 wait.  From the beginning our server was just excellent.  We were curious about some of the tequilas on their tequila menu and he was fully able to explain the differences on mostly all.  We had some of their yummy chips and salsa and were forewarned on the spiciness of the salsas.... But our dearest server did not know that we are hot sauce experts.  After we were inhaling the chips and salsa we were had to try the Frontera salsa bottle they had on the table and boy was that GOOD we were finally ready to order.  I ordered the carne asada a la oaxaquena and my honey ordered the carne asada brava which again he was warned that the plate would be very spicy.  After we received our main course our server noticed that my fiance was eating the carne asada with the spicy sauce with not problem.... I guess the server wanted to challenge my fiance because he came back with a small dish filled with some other type of salsa.  Our server told him "I notice you like spicy stuff I brought you this salsa let's hope this is hot enough for you."  The salsa consisted of chile de arbol with lime juice and boy was it spicy but soooooooo good.  I'll be honest when I first read the menu I thought well this sounds like my mom can do this.  I thought the steak would be a skirt steak.... Uh NO! It was about an inch thick and cooked to perfection.  My plate consisted of fried plantains and refried black beans my FAVORITE!!!  My fiance's plate had some sort of grilled green onions and chiles along with 2 of the most yummiest tamales I've had.  In all this place did exceed my expectations!!! The service and food were fantastic.  BTW our server was so delighted with us he gave us a bottle of the Frontera salsa.... which we almost finished the next day at home!Rick Bayless, I would have your love-child if I knew they would grow up to cook like you. You make my culinary loins throb!I had heard about this place from my roommate and for 6 months had wanted to go.  I finally made it out and it didn't amaze me like I thought it would.  The food was good, no doubt about that, but it was also overpriced.  I've had some good Mexican food at half the price, maybe not the awesome setting, but nonetheless this is not incredible Mexican food.  Then again, it's in downtown Chicago so I don't know what I was expecting.  I would recommend El Nuevo Leon (just not dessert) for Latin American cuisine,The ceviche trie is as good as it gets and comparable to the best ceviche in the Bay Area.  The blue agave and topolo margarita are very nice and definitely not watered down.  Carne asada was the best dish of the night.  The duck and Saturday special were ok.  For dessert, nino envuelto was spectaculr.  This ranks up there as one of the best Spanish restaurants in any city I've been to.I have been here twice and i loved the food both times, everything i tasted.  This time around i called at 8:30 on Friday morning and snagged a 5:45 reservation for two.  we got in almost right away.  First, for the service - left something to be desired.  as a former server i know the basics.  and #1 is approach your table almost right away when they are sat - even if you cannot get them anything, at least stop by and introduce yourself and say you will be right with them in a minute.  we waited and waited.  strike one.  Later we waited forever for the bill - strike two.  the best impressions (and chance for best tip) are made at the beginning and then at the end!  don't make people wait for their bill right when they are calculating their tip.  (btw i tip well but accordingly.)  Also he pressed us way too hard into dessert/coffee.  NO we told you twice already just the check please.Second, the food - flavors and quality of food are amazing.  we had sopes (one of my favorites) and yes they are quite tiny but there is so much flavor.  I had pork loin with glazed potatoes and a mini salad, FI had carne asada which was not pounded as flat as i normally have had it, it was more steak-like in texture (at least when cooked medium rare), plantains with goat cheese (OMG so good).by the by the margaritas are not my favorite, but that is a personal choice.  I like mine less sweet and more tart.  However they are made very well.Third, atmosphere - i love the bar area and wish we could have arrived earlier for a drink first.  I would have frankly preferred to eat in here (also, i am more of a bar person).  Our table in the dining room, which is small, was a two-top and very rickety.  Not cool, guys!  FI's margarita almost spilled.  However the decor is nice and it is lively.so one appetizer, four drinks, two entrees, tip = about $110.  not cheap, but once in a while for a meal like this, is ok.i would go back to sit in the bar and avoid the reservation or waiting in line nonsense.  you get the same menu there.Went here for lunch during restaurant week and i loved it! To start, the tortilla soup had this absolutely wonderful broth that was a little sweet, a little salty, It was so good that I almost licked the bowl dry. My main meal was the pork tacos. It came with guacomole and beans and 3 different salsas. The pork seasoning was great! I said, "mmm, yum" after almost every single bite. We ended with the pecan chocolate cake. It was dark chocolate, which was too rich for me. I can't wait to come back and try another dessert.Well, well, well... Frontera seems to be back on its "A" game.  We visited before New Year's on a recent trip to Chicago, and the experience was absolutely amazing - once again.  I have been going to Frontera for 20 years, and I was really disappointed to downgrade it to four stars in 2008.  I was absolutely thrilled to see that it was back to its old ways.  The gunthorp duck is absolutely to die for.  I can't recommend it highly enough.Very good, authentic Mexican food.  Service is outstanding.  Great margaritas and guacamole.  The only reason I don't rate Frontera higher is because of Topolobampo, which is a real treat.Fantastic place, expensive but worth it.The decor is very unique, doesn't feel like a traditional River North restaurant, more like that mexican strip mall joint you stop in occasionally. Cocktails were fantastic, I had two made with mezcal and my girlfriend had two different margaritas. Both were very unique and tasty.For food we started with guacamole/salsa with chips and a oyster/ceviche platter. The guacamole was good, but nothing special and the salsa, very delicious. The platter was fantastic, the oysters were fresh and served with two unique sauces, a nice break from the traditional garnish. The Frontera and Tuna ceviches were fantastic, unique flavors and very good. Already pretty full, we then split the sopes rancheros and grilled knob onions. Both highly recommended, full of flavor and unique. Best part of the meal was the service, our server was very attentive and knowledgeable on the whole menu. Best of all, I had mentioned when I made a reservation that it was my girlfriend's birthday. He remembered this all the way until the end of the meal and brought out a complimentary mini tres leches cake. Already looking forward to my next visit.Simply the best Mexican food in the Midwest.  You wont be disappointed.Worthy of the hype and worth the wait. Plan ahead to arrive early and put your name in. Then take advantage of the great shopping nearby while you wait (I recommend Vosges Chocolate). Ceviche was great as were flautas (loved the salsa). Oaxacan black mole with duck lived up to reputation. Had a spicy mixed drink with Serrano chili that was great as well. This is a place not to be missed.Skip it - Sorry Mr. Bayless!Bottom Line - there are way better mexican restaurants in the area AND with better prices.  We had to make reservations 2-3 weeks in advance to get a decent time to eat but unfortunately the the restaurant does not live up to the hype. Surprisingly, the food was just ok - from the ceviche, to the queso fundido, the pork tacos, chicken mole to dessert(chocolate ice cream cake and the mint ice cream sundae). We gave it a fair shake but he food for the hype, the wait to get a table and the price is not worth mine or your time. I will defintely not be coming here again and I recommend you also skip it...unless you want to experience a costly mistake...A local recommended Frontera Grill but mentioned it was a very popular spot with a long expected wait for a table. I decided to try it out for lunch.  It was a nice day in Chicago and there was a 45 minute wait for a seat outside but I was able to get a table inside for 1 person very quickly.A friend explained to me that it was one of the restaurants owned by Rick Bayless who I learned won Top Chef.  I can see why!  The food was excellent!  I had the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano suggested by another Yelper and loved it.  Topped it off with dessert.A group of friends and I tried to come back later in the week for dinner but the wait was over 3 hours so we decided to go somewhere else.Full review in BlogChecking in our hostess stated "Yes, we've been expecting you - and thank goodness you have reservations!"  Led quickly to our seats in the main dining room overlooking the open kitchen we were quickly seated, water was poured, and menus were delivered.Browsing around the room we were greeted with much more whimsy - from obscure pinata and puppets to unique takes on Spanish art to the jovial latino music over the speakers, nothing remotely "serious" except the focus on food and fun.After a somewhat prolonged period our appetizer arrived - or rather "appetizers."  Strongly recommended by our server as a good way to experience Frontera as a first time visitor we decided to spend the $7.50pp charge for the "Entremes Surtido" an appetizer platter featuring 5 different items.  Presented attractively and emitting the most wonderful scents of lime, spice, and cilantro the dish was explained and we decided to taste things simultaneously beginning with the "Taquitos de Pollo." Pan fried to a crispy perfection the tortillas cracked easily to the bit giving way to a wonderfully creamy blend of moist chicken with accents of spice, sweet, sour, and smooth. Our second and third tastes from the platter were "Jicama Callejera," and "Tostaditas de Ceviche." While my sister didn't really appreciate the pineapple I personally thought the salad was excellent in flavor but could've used more textural variation.  The ceviche, on the other hand, was a winner in the opinions of us both with the heavily acidic flavor of the meaty marlin smoothed out by the bitter olives while the combination of chopped tomato, ham, jicama, and cilantro added a salsa-esque texture to the well done fish.The final two components of the platter were a relatively boring (albeit tasty) guacamole with perfectly prepared tortilla chips and "Quesadillas Capitalinas" -  Mexico City-style corn masa turnovers stuffed with Samuels locally handcrafted Jack cheese and fresh epazote.  Biting into the puffs and met by a rush of gooey, smoky, and pungent cheese I was quite pleased and believe this was my favorite item on the platter.With plates collected we began the 45 minute wait that would seperate us from our main courses.Sapitos - a trio of Xalapa-style gorditas (corn masa cakes) in chipotle-black bean sauce each with its own topping: scrambled eggs, grilled chicken, chorizo and plantains; homemade crema and queso fresco.  While certainly not as visually appealing as French cuisine, the myriad colors were definitely noteworthy with eye catching yellows contrasting with blacks, whites, and orange.  Tasting each of her gorditas, however, was somewhat disappointing with only the chorizo and plantains standing out and all three being luke-warm at best...as a matter of fact, the eggs were downright cold.  While I realize the place was busy, from a place receiving such acclaim this isn't really acceptableHot Cakes Indgenas featuring two Iroquois white corn pancakes with whipped goat cheese, piloncillo-agave syrup, grilled bacon and two eggs sunny-side up.  Arriving with hot eggs, cool bacon, and luke-warm pancakes this dish once again showed a step of mistiming from the kitchen but thankfully didn't suffer as much as my sister's dish.  Tasting like thin and 'almost' crispy cornbread I loved the taste and texture of the pancakes and found them further complimented by the complex and airy whipped goat cheese that tasted like a creamy sweet butter with almond tones.  Topping the pancakes with an ample helping of the minimally bitter yet entirely smooth agave syrup was another bonus.  As the eggs were organic farm eggs and served piping hot I perforated the yolk of one and allowed it to soak into the pancake while I ate the other sans-addition.  The final part of the dish, the locally sourced thick-cut hickory bacon was excellent and not at all overcooked - but as mentioned it was cold.While I realize Frontera has been a big deal for years there is no doubt they've benefited recently from Chef Bayless' win on TCM - or perhaps they've become a little overwhelmed and this may explain the inconsistency from the kitchen in terms of temperature and timing?  While I cannot be sure, I've no doubt the restaurant will continue to do well and I have much respect for the Chef's attention to organics and the slowfood movement.  In the end some dishes were excellent while others were somewhat average - in general I guess I'm just not a fan of Mexican or Latin cuisine.  All told I enjoyed Frontera but do not think I'd rush back - and I certainly wouldn't wait more than thirty minutes for a table.Excellent food and pleasant atmosphere. My meal was absolutely delicious delicious. I tried a variety of items including both the Huevos Motulenos and Huevos Fronterizos as well as the Guacamole. I would recommend trying all of these! This restaurant is a great substitute for Topolobampo since its impossible to get a reservation there. I like the laid back casual vibe anyways. If I lived in Chicago this place would definitely be a regular for me!I think I expected too much.I'm not going to lie, I'd been looking forward to going to Frontera Grill for something like two years, since I first went to Xoco. And I should have known better than to get too excited about anywhere with this much hype. I must say, that's probably why I wasn't overwhelmed; my expectations were simply set too high. First off, the food. Frontera has just put out a new menu, centered on shared food, tapas-style eating. With our group of three, that sounded good, and we followed our waiters' directions in ordering about 2 items per person. And we were drowning in food. It was mostly delicious, but things like the sweet potatoes with bacon weren't really worth it. The duck flautas were probably my favorite item, rich and delicately spicy. The shredded beef enchiladas were also good, but not fantastically so. The mole we tried was also excellent. But again, just not the world-changing experience that, say, the goat barbacoa torta at Xoco was. We even tried the goat barbacoa queso fundido, but the queso totally overwhelmed, and I felt like it was a little overwhelming. Perhaps that was the problem: everything was just a tad too much, trying a little too hard. That's not to say it wasn't bloody delicious, and I didn't eat a lot of it. It just wasn't the life altering moment that I wanted it to be. And yes, it does have genuine Mexican flavors and spices, in a way that most traditional Americanized Mexican food in the U.S. does not. Secondly, the drinks. We had a blood orange margarita that was pretty phenomenal, and then switched to beer. The drinks are delicious and reasonably priced. It was the first time I've had a margarita that didn't seem to involve any mixes, and that made me happy.Thirdly, the service. Our waiter was totally charming. And though he might have told us to order more food than we could possibly eat, he was considerate, answered all questions, and obviously really enjoys his job. As for the wait, we were going on Friday night. We stopped in to put our name on the list at about 6 PM, and were told it would be 2 hours. We had planned ahead and expected that kind of wait, so it was no big deal. When we stopped back by at 7 PM just to check in, following a drink at a nearby spot, they were ready for us. It was pretty well-timed, and the fact that we didn't have to wait in the restaurant the whole time was definitely appreciated. The atmosphere is a little hectic, and one doesn't exactly feel like sitting and hanging out would be appreciated. And while that is fine at Xoco, where street food and a bit of a rush feel naturally coordinated and hand-in-hand, that's a little more bothersome at Frontera, when you're dropping considerably more cash and might appreciate a little bit of a relaxed tone. All in all, it was definitely worth experiencing Frontera once. I'm just not all that sure I'd do it again.Meh, had heard alot about this place and the reviews were great.  Me thinks the margheritas were writing the reviews. That or the place has gone off its prime.  We had three 'trios' so that we could sample as many of their offerings as possible. None of the dishes stood out. It certainly was a step slightly above the average Mexican restaurant with their fat heavy dishes but not worth the 50% premium paid  to enjoy it.Equally as good as its sister restaurant, Topolobampo.  But not nearly as pricey.  The food isn't as "fancy" but it's still high-end Mexican cuisine.  Emphasis on the "cuisine" - as it's not just "food."  Seriously good margaritas and appetizers.  Well worth the wait.We went for brunch.  My app was amazing, but tiny.  I had the white corn goat cheese pancakes and was extremely disappointed.  They tasted like normal American pancakes, and the goat cheese was sweetened.  The chorizo was too bitter and didn't complement it at all.  I felt like I was in a Dennys from hell.  The atmosphere was tight and crowded, and extremely warm and stuffy.  It's getting three stars because everyone else's food seemed great.  I'd like to go back eventually and try lunch or dinner...but brunch is out for me.This is one of my most favorite restaurants in the world! Nothing is better than artisanal Mexican food cooked with care.The only big disappointment on this visit was that the chile rellenos were not on the menu. I've been trying for over a year to order them, but they're either out or not on the menu.We had to wait an hour and half to be seated, because parties less than five cannot make reservations, but that didn't bother me as much as my husband. I was happy to sit in the bar drinking margaritas.This time around we had the queso fundido as an appetizer (one of my favorites). It's melted cheese with roasted chiles, spices, onions, and chorizo, served with corn tortillas. For my entree, I had the Tacos al Carbon (with marinated skirt steak), which doesn't sound that exciting, but it was really really good. I like to joke around that I make the best guacamole in the world, but Rick has me beat. I love Frontera Grill's guacamole!As an added bonus, Rick Bayless was in the dining room for a bit that night. I didn't say anything to him, but it's comforting to know that this restaurant is truly being run by him and not just another substandard money-making venture by another celebrity chef. This is the real deal.Really great, authentic mexican food.  Margirita was out of this world and we really appreciated the server's knowledge about the food and drinks.  We only went for lunch, but really enjoyed the experience.We have been to Frontera a few times and have always had a great experience. The only problem is that they do not take reservations for parties of 5 or less. A few times there were enough of us that we were able to make a reservation. This last time we went we were told the wait was 1hr and a half. We already knew this may be the case so we headed towards the bar. We ordered our delicious margaritas and mojitos and then ordered some appetizers. Before our appetizers even arrived we were already being seated. We only waited 30minutes which was not bad at all. The food was delicious. I always get jicama callejera which is delicious. My main dish was great! All four of us who went are vegetarians and we had no issues with our dishes,everyone loved their food and their drinks.Thanks to the chicken mole I officially have heartburn and acid reflux, chronically. Coming home from the restaurant I smelled like a filthy dishwasher's uniform and threw up into my mouth. While in a hotel elevator my girlfriend looked at me disgusted when I told her I had thrown up in my mouth. Thanks Top Chef Master Rick Bayless! Seriously, I would give him a second chance and I love Mexican food but I am cursed with heartburn whenever I eat out. Beware!I have been going to Frontera Grill for many years now. I am starting to think they are getting a big head as the food and service has gone down a bit from where it was 2 years ago. The guacamole and the margaritas are still the best in the city. My husband says the have the best enchilladas with mole. My last few trips though have just not made the mark. I had a chicken dish which was basically a breaded chicken patty (it tasted frozen) with a rather boring sauce on it. Also I asked our server some questions and she seemed kind of annoyed. I think I may just go here for drinks and appetizers since those still seem good and I can get those at the bar without the big line.My favorite restaurant, period, end of story!  After eating here, I quit eating Mexican food for about  6 months back home in Southern California. I was turned on to this restaurant by my wife's aunt.  She knows all of the top places to eat at in Chicago.  After eating there once, I went back, again, again and again, every time I visit the windy city.  I typically order the Chiles Rellenos, which include 2 per plate, one seems to be stuffed with assorted cheeses and the other seems to be stuffed with a sweet shredded pork .  I have enjoyed all other entrees I have tried there and have never second guess any suggestions from the waiters.  Once I tried skate fish, which did not sound appealing to me, but it was terrific.   I cannot wait to try their monthly mojito drink, one time it was a fresh watermelon mojito.  The next time it was a strawberry mojito.  Although mojito's are typically made with rum, my favorite is their mojito served with Tequila!I love this restaurant so much, that I have been following Rick Bayless on Twitter.  twitter.com/Rick_BaylessI finally made it to Frontera! Late Saturday night we walked in and they said the wait was only an hour and a half. It ended up only being an hour! Not bad at all when you're sipping a margarita. Go with the gold one, that's quite tasty. The Champagne one was disgusting. However, the best drink I had that evening was the Mexican Mojito. Fantastic!As for food, we got the chips and guac which was very good. Plenty to go around and tasted quite fresh. I got the chicken in the verde sauce which was nice and spicy but also had a very large range of flavors to pick out. The mashed potatoes that came with were also top notch. My one issue with the chicken is that I'm pretty sure it's the same they use in the caldos at Xoco so I was like...hmmm...I know this seasoning!My friend got the duck in mole and holy cow, I had a little entree envy. The duck was super tender and the mole wasn't super heavy like some places give you. Great experience, great food, and not too bad of a wait!So it's crazy to call a restaurant in February to secure reservations for an April visit right?!? So glad I did though!! The drinks were delish, the service was great and the food was even better! My guy and I are Rick Bayless fans (watched his shows, have his books even had the pleasure of seeing him in our hometown during a Macy's cooking demonstration) so we had to eat at his restaurant of course during our trip to Chicago. We know great Mexican food because we live in San Diego, we were pleasantly surprised with our meal at Frontera though! We enjoyed: Frontera Guacamole; Street Food Trio: Two pieces each: potosinas (fresh cheese, avocado, crema, Tamazula), duck flautas (tomato-cascabel sauce, arugula salad), sopes (shredded beef, roasted tomato, green chile); Carne Asada "Brava" : Serrano-marinated, grass-fed Tall Grass flank steak, salsa huevona (hand-crushed, grill-roasted tomatoes, jalapeños). Grilled knob onions and sweet corn tamales with crema & fresh cheese; Fried Plantains: Homemade sour cream, fresh cheese & Shredded Beef Enchiladas: Chile-spiked shredded beef, roasted tomato sauce & Samuel's cheese. Crispy onions, cilantro; Rhubarb-Cassis Margarita. Our drinks were: Cazadores blanco tequila, Torres orange, Creme de Cassis, rhubarb, fresh lime, jamaica sugar &  Cascabel Margarita: Espolon blanco tequila, Orange Curacao, fresh-made lemonada, homemade lime bitters, Cascabel salt; We finished the meal by sharing the Frontera's Chocolate Pecan Pie: with Kahlua whipped cream! All so very yummy I know it sounds like alot of food but we shared and the portions are small to moderate so we took a nice trip around the menu with great suggestions from our friendly server.I would never think I'd pay so much for Mexican food but I have to say it was our favorite Chicago meal and worth the price! Thanks Frontera!!Very good Mexican food, though I don't think it warrants the big lines around the corner waiting to get in.  I'm thinking that's due more to the celebrity chef buzz rather than the food being out of this world.  Don't get me wrong though, it was definitely good stuff.Okay, so we've waited about 3 months to get into this place (per our advanced reservation) and after numerous visits to it's XOCO neighbor seeing the two hour line people usually have to wait for, was a bit intimidating. So considering we got in right away on a Saturday night, was perfection right there. The weather was beautiful and we had the option of sitting outside but preferred to sit inside to get the whole frontera experience. It was a little too hott in there for my liking, but also part of the authentic experience. Those fans they have inside need to be cranked up a bunch :) Now onto the service, ours moved really fast, we were out of there within an hour and we got a lot of food, let me tell you. We started with the much talked about guacamole and chips, I thought it was good, very good, but not out of this world amazing, so I probably wouldn't get it again. The chips and the red salsa was to die for, one of the best salsa's I've ever had, so next time, all about the salsa. We got the skirt steak tacos with sauteed onions and guacamole as one entree which was alright, nothing out of the ordinary and we had the Chile Poblano enchiladas which was my favorite entree there, a bit spicy, the mole had a unique flavor and it was a fun dish to try. However, the winner of the night were the fried plantains with sour cream and some kind of cheese, omg, I'm still dreaming about them, they are freaking ahhh-may--zing, Rick Bayless, can you please serve those plaintains at XOCO as I think they would do really well and I go to Xoco a LOT. So overall, good and fast service, yummy food and a great time. However, XOCO is where my heart lies for Rick Bayless. He won me over with the Goat Barbacoa sandwich a long time ago. But I'm definitely happy I tried Frontera..Now off to the store to find that salsa!!! yummay.Fantastic food. Waiters know a lot about the food and the overall experience was very memorable.Love it! We've been 4 times so far, and I've never had anything but excellent drinks (the Frontera margarita is strong and smooth, just as it should be for $8.25 each), appetizers (try the appetizer platter -- the scallop ceviche is so good), main courses (pork slow cooked in avocado leaves left me a bit speechless, actually), and desserts. Sure, it's a little pricey, but nobody comes here in looking for a bargain or a burrito. The reservation system is very diplomatic and the service is impeccable. We spotted Bayless and his wife the last time we were there, and they were very gracious to all the enthusiastic diners who went up to them to compliment the restaurant. I'll keep coming back. The atmosphere is fun, laid back, and everyone is having a good time (something to do with the extensive drinks list, no doubt). Be prepared to spend about $90 a person and you'll eat like a king.Such a good Mexican Restaurant. We were here about 1 pm on a Saturday afternoon. There was going to be about a half hour wait for the dining room, but the bar was only half full, so we sat in there. Lunch is definitely the way to go in this place. I could see how it would be next to impossible to get a table at dinner. On Saturdays, they only serve brunch, so we didn't get to see the normal lunch menu. I'm not complaining though. We all had the tacos of some sort...pork, chicken, steak. So good. The little handmade tortillas were the best. And the guacamole, don't skip the guacamole. And go ahead and splurge on a $10 mojito. They're made fresh by your waiter and are so good. The service was a little spotty. It may have been because we were there right before they closed for the afternoon. It seems like it was always someone different who came by our table. We had a hard time tracking down our original waiter. Once again, probably an isolated incident.Some friends wanted to come visit Chicago and their itinerary was the Christkindl Market, a matinee of Banana Shpeel, and dinner at Frontera Grill.  She tried to make reservations like two weeks in advance but was told that although they were no longer taking reservations for that night that we'd be fine if we came in when they opened at five, which seemed fine.  So we get there at five o'clock and there's already a line, which is fine.  But then you get up to the host stand and it's five people in the party and it's 25 minutes to sit at a table in the bar and, she says with bitchiest laugh and something that seemed unpleasantly similar to an eyeroll, "Like two hours *haughty grunt/sigh/bitchy laugh* for a table in the main dining room.  And it's like, even this would be fine because restaurant hosts are genetically engineered to be maximumly haughty, irritating, and delusional.  So we're told twenty five minutes and shooed away from the host stand to the corral around the bar.  Meanwhile, they're not seating anyone despite that every table in the restaurant is empty.  No explanation of, "We start seating at such and such time," or anything like that.  Just stand at the bar and watch them set up what is clearly your table and keep standing there for a HALF HOUR after the table has been set up.  My friend walked over to the host stand and said there were like seven people standing around looking bored.  I suggested to my boyfriend that perhaps they were staggering seating so the servers and the kitchen didn't get overloaded.  He's in the restaurant industry and replied that they need more waiters then because any decent restaurant should be able to accommodate all of their tables being filled at once.   It's ridiculous and insulting to leave people standing like that without a word of explanation.  After that experience I think I would never return there and I probably will try to steer my guests from that place as well.So we sit down and I'm not feeling particularly hungry at the moment.  And, no thank you, I didn't want anything to drink either but our hostess ordered some vegetarian appetizers and once I had some grease in my system I mellowed out a bit.  The guacamole was pretty good.  The deep fried quesadilla things were just all right and mostly just made me crave empanadas from Buenos Aires Forever.  My favorite were the plantains with sour cream.  She also got the mushroom fundido and that was good but I wasn't sure it really did it for me.  I also liked the salsas that came with the chips.  I ordered then an Autumn Margarita, which seened like it had too many ingredients, but I ordered it anyway and it was kind of busy but sort of all right.I was assured that there would be plenty of vegetarian options because Rick Bayless's daughter is reportedly a vegetarian.  These options consisted of mushroom tacos (substitute out the beans) and some MIlanesa de Verdura thing which was basically like breaded and fried turnip slices and such with mashed beans and cabbage.  It was fine but it seemed more like a plate of side dishes without an entree.  It looks more substantial in the picture on the website but the problem isn't the amount of food on the plate, it's the fact that it's so underwhelming.  It was just kind of boring.The desserts we tried were the pecan pie, the flan duo, and Bunuelos Navidenos,  some mexican holiday pastry ice cream thing.  None of them was particularly amazing but they were all right, in the order I listed them.  The pecan pie was actually pretty good.I think I might have enjoyed everything a little better if I hadn't been so put out by the first forty minutes in the restaurant.  I mean, I would think they'd want to get people seated right away so they could have them out the door by seven o'clock.  Weird and rude is how I felt about that.Continued to impress!  Had the flank steak which was cooked to perfection.  The ceviche with scallops and jicama was incredible.  The only disappointment is that we saw Chef Bayless, but could not get a picture.  He looked very busy, so we will try to get one next time we go.Bayless is as good as it gets.  Nuff said.The food here is flavorful and delicious, and once seated, the service was good too. Went on a weekday night (no reservations for parties under 5), and was told it'd be an hour's wait. Ended up waiting at the bar for about 20 mins--the specialty drinks are yummy--and so the wait turned out not to be too bad. Would recommend it on account of the food, which though more expensive than your average Mexican fare, is worth it.For brunch or dinner this place is a must.  Many of the dishes reflect what we have eaten throughout our travels in Mexico. I highly recommend the hot chocolate during the cold winter months.Yes, the wait was long but it was sure worth it.  We stood around and had really delicious margaritas while drooling on everyone else's food as it passed it.  Our waiter was really nice and I must add that he was hopping!  I am such a fan that I visit the website just to see the changes in the menu.....and we don't even live in Chicago.  The mole was some of the best I've had anywhere.  You can bet that this will be one of my first stops during the next visit to Chicago.  Thanks Rick Bayless!OMG - this place is heaven!  If you like Mexican food, and I do, you will absolutely love Frontera.  Ok - here is the low down.....get there BEFORE they open and get in line.  Sound pathetic - uh uh.  It isn't.  I have even waiting in the middle of January to make sure I am one of the first ones in the door.  Reason being they DO NOT take reservations for parties smaller than 5.  Total bummer when it's just me and my boyfriend going - even with another couple we're screwed.  So...we get there 45 minutes or so beforehand and are one of the first in to get our names in - if you aren't one of the first 10 or 15 parties through you'll be in for a LOOOOONG wait.  Go to the bar, get a margarita (all are great) and wait a few minutes till your name is called.  Now - here is another tip - if you like chile rellenos tell your waiter RIGHT AWAY!!!  They only make a certain amount and its worth getting their early for.Parking is so-so, but isn't it always downtown?  I really want to give it 4.5 stars for not taking reservations for parties of 5, but I'll always round up with Frontera.We were worried, because we came here on the day after Rick Bayless won Top Chef Masters.  We got in line around 4:30 - only about 4 parties ahead of us.  We were seated around 6, but the wait wasn't bad once inside.  Summer Margarita - with cucumber and cilantro - TO DIE FOR.  Cucumber in drinks is amazing.Queso Fundido with steak and carmelized onions (2nd queso on menu) - also amazing.  Served with handmade tortillas.  YUM.I had the duck in black mole, which was as good as they said it was on Top Chef.  They weren't kidding when they said you can taste all 27 ingredients.  Each bite was a party that lasted 30 seconds in my mouth.  Duck was the perfect meat, I thought.  The tamales were OK, mostly serving as a carrier for the mole sauce.  The braised kale was amazing.  There was one piece that was crispy, and it was like nothing I've ever tasted before.  My husband had the lamb in chile sauce inside of a banana leaf - also wonderful.  And the mashed potatoes had some heavenly ingredient that made them like no other mashed potatoes I've ever had.  Dessert - Empanadas with cherry-something and cream cheese, and GOAT CHEESE ICE CREAM!  Like an avocado smoothie takes an avocado and makes it a dessert in the most perfect way, this ice cream does it to goat cheese.  It tastes like goat cheese, but it also tastes like ice cream.  I can't explain it, but I think you know that you need to eat it. The service bordered on too slow, but I appreciated not feeling rushed. The restaurant was a fun atmosphere and never felt over-crowded or loud.  Definitely get there early, and make a night out of it.Rick,My husband and I ate at Frontera Grill this evening. We made our reservation one month ago, and were very excited for our meal.We really enjoyed our margaritas and our trio trio trio -- the kind of quality ingredients and preparation that your restaurant deserves. We were incredibly upset with our service. Our entrees took one whole hour to come out after we had been served our appetizer. And our waiter did not check on us between the time that our appetizer was served, and our entrees were almost finished. This would have barely been ok, except that our goat entree (Tuesday night special) was much too salty. Too salty for even salt-lovers like us. We enjoy salt, but this seemed like a fatal flaw and ruined the whole dish and its complexity and thoughtfulness, which might have been the most upsetting part. Since our waiter never once checked up on us, we were frustrated that we could not even send it back for a replacement. By the time he came to our table, we were so frustrated with the meal that we just wanted to leave. We had been so excited about ordering a third drink for both of us as well as dessert, but were disgusted by the service and felt like going home. So, we were very upset that the service was awful for your caliber of restaurant, and both of our entrees had problems. The goat was so salty that we are still reeling, two hours later. I enjoyed my flank steak, but it came out cool, which affected the texture of the meat. But the flavors were delicious though, so I shall not complain about that dish!Both of the tables on either side of us were overheard complaining about the service. It really is a shame that our server disappeared for one whole hour. Had he been attentive and made time to wait on us, we would have had a very good experience. Now, I am afraid that I do not even want to go back. My husband and I love regional Mexican cuisine, and we are endeared by your personality both online, in print, and on television. I am afraid that your celebrity status has overshadowed the quality of Frontera Grill. It is unfortunate that the substance upon which you were lucky enough to gain recognition in the food industry has been replaced by the kind of cow call reserved for tourist hotspots, with the service to match. I do not, of course, know you personally, but my hope was that your seemingly kind and giving personality would be matched by the quality of food and service in your establishments. I am very sad that it was not. I feel sheepish in filling out this online form, but I wanted to bring the really poor service and so-so food to your attention - I hope that you are able to increase the diner's experience in the future, so that your good intentions and culinary experiences are preserved and not relegated to a tourist guidebook instead of a James Beard who's who. Best,Morgan LommeleDon't go here for cool atmosphere, even though you'll find a great,  low-key, hip feel.  And don't go here for the phenomenal drinks even though, they are, in fact, phenomenal (my favorite is the Templeton Rye Manhattan, but they have amazing Mezcal and specialty drinks).  Go and keep your palate and head sober, fresh and clean, at least until you've tasted each course of Rick Bayless's menu selections. Amazing chicken taquitos,  pork meatballs,  and cream spinach appetizers; delicious entrees and beautiful, delectable desserts.  We went there last October and experienced absolutely amazing main dishes on Mexican Independence Day; went back two days ago and enjoyed the food even more. Be prepared for the noise and energy, but take the food slow.  If you pace yourself the menu changes so you can enjoy new things, but when you find a favorite go again soon so you don't miss it!Well worth the trip!! Made a plan to come here as Top Chef enthusiasts...and being fans of Rick Bayless...and I must say, we were not disappointed!! The guacamole was fresh and delicious...the Mole was awesome...all-in-all VERY impressed!!This place is awesome - everything is do fresh and great service. Get the daily specialsFrontera Grill serves some of the best authentic Mexican food in Chicago.  There is always a long wait so dont go here if you are super hungry, but if you can stand the wait your meal is worth it.  Also this is more expensive than some of the other Mexican restaurants in the city, but i think the food is also much better!Perfectly gringo-executed authentic Mexican cuisine that is as ethnographically sound as it is delicious; a staff as brimming with personality as head chef Rick Bayless; colorful decor to match the vibrant menu; honorable and thorough commitment to organic/local/sustainable food - the crowning achievement of this being Rick's Rooftop Garden, the organic vegetable, herb, and fruit garden on the restaurant's rooftop that supplies the ingredients for a daily rooftop salsa. The only reasonable complaint about the restaurant is the wait time, though if you prepare yourself for a wait, plan for a non-peak time, or have a hookup, it shouldn't be a bother.I have no idea how, but we walked in on a Friday night and got a table for 4 right away, no wait. I think the key is to go when its snowing. :)We skipped appetizers and went straight for drinks/dinner. Way to go Frontera for having reasonably priced (dare I say "cheap"?) beers! Also had a sip of our friend's margarita which was delicious. The waiter said he "shortchanged" us on one of the margaritas and came back with some more - the glass was just about overflowing. No skimping there.i asked the waiter what to get. He said to skip the tacos, just because they're available all the time and most everything else rotates. So I went with the crispy chicken/sweet potato mash as per his recommendation. I have a special place in my heart for sweet potatoes and these were nothing short of awesome. They weren't heavily sweetened so you could actually taste the flavor of the potato. The chicken was good - huge portion, about 3 flattened out pieces of chicken, on top of a mixture of spicy goodness and some awesome sauce to go on top (tomatillo  maybe?)  We also ordered a side of the pickled jalapenos and veggies. Just enough kick, but not so much that you started crying. My husband did start sweating though. we went elsewhere for dessert, but they had some great looking coffees and hot chocolate on the menu which I'd like to try sometime.All in all, a great experience and if you're looking to spend a few bucks on a night out (our tab for 2 - beers + entrees - about $60 before tip)Came across this place after deciding not to stand waiting forever for more casual fare at next door's XOCO.  It was a very cold winter morning and we had been walking for several miles, so two empty chairs at the bar was a very welcome sight!  I had the seasonal mojito (made with apple cider) - YUM!  We ordered the seviche nachos (can't remember the name of it) and they were A-MA-ZING!  Our main course was less noteworthy, but still decent.  All in all, I'll definitely be back - is it worth a 1 hour wait, not quite sure about that answer yet.I loved Frontera I would recommend the Queso Fundido, I've had queso fundido before but this one takes the icing on the cake, not only does it have regular melting cheese but there is an added bonus, Goat Cheese and shredded goat meat, OMG my mind was BLOWN! Best memorable appetizer EVERRR!!!!OBSESSED.Every time I come here the food, the drinks, and the service are all top-notch. I order something different every time (easy since the menu changes) and always leave full, a bit tipsy (margs are strong AND delicious), and satisfied. My only real complaint is that the no reservations policy bugs me a little, but it is easy to get around--just come during off hours. (And FWIW they actually do take a limited number of reservations, but you have to book them like 4-6 weeks in advance so I would only bother if I were eating here on vacation)I went here for dinner on a Wednesday night, and it was still packed full and lively.  Our waitress was incredibly nice and knowledgeable; she knew about every dish and was enthusiastic about the specials.  We got a guacamole (delicious!) and taquitos appetizer.  My only quarrel with the appetizers is that they are very small.  Small even for appetizers.  There was enough guacamole for about 10 chips TOPS.  I had the catch of the day for dinner, a delicious white fish with an absolutely FABULOUS sauce...I'm talking lick off the plate good.  The food was great, the service was great, as was the atmosphere.  The price is not bad for what you get.Ok, so after months of feeling eh about Chicago's food scene (see my other reviews). I finally hit the jackpot this weekend and Frontera Grill was my first stop. It was pretty outstanding. We lucked out and headed there around 7pm on a Friday night expecting a long wait. It was crowded but not wall to wall and we got a table within 15 minutes near the bar. Yay! Everything was really yummy and the stand out was the Sopes Rancheros which was an app we shared. I had beef tacos which were great, my friend had the fish which was similarly delicious. Another favorite is this beer/bloody mary concoction that I would go back for in a heartbeat. So yummy. I am still dreaming of it....The things I didn't love were more the ambiance/decor (random interior and bizarrely loud music that falls into the reggaeton category--wikipedia it). Also there was a bachelorette party (or something like it) behind us at the bar, whose screeches were highly annoying so that was kind of a bummer. The waitstaff was great though.Regardless, after expecting to be disappointed Frontera definitely exceeded all my expectations.Awesome food - margaritas to die for!  I got the pork enchiladas and they were so great!  My friend got the goat and it was amazing!  And the mezcal margarita and tamarind margaritas were delicious,  it was well worth our wait!This was like a dream come true.  I watched Rick on Top Chef Masters and dreamt about his awesome Mexican food.  We decided to go to Chicago somewhat last minute and knew that a reservation would be impossible to get.  Instead we decided to show up at 5:30 pm on a Friday and put our name in and come back later.  We had to physically go there to put our name in (don't accept name over phone).  We were told 2.5 - 3 hour wait.  So we went over to the Hancock building and had awesome cocktails on the 95th floor for a couple hours and then came back!  Great planning.When we returned, our table was ready within 10 minutes.  We had already grabbed a margarita at the bar and so we headed for our table.  We tried several things.  The guacamole was fabulous as were the chicken taquitos.  For mains, I had the pork enchiladas which were AMAZING.  The beans were great, the tortillas were to die for and the sauces were all fabulous.  My mom had the chicken enchiladas with traditional mole, which were also very good.  My husband got the carne asada steak and my dad the special of the night - ribs.  Both were out of this world.  Everything was so good!  The only thing I didn't like was we tried some of the Mezcal drinks and they are not really my taste.  Not the restaurant's fault, but they're kind of medicinal tasting, and I was unaware.  I should have stuck with tequila!  We sat in the bar but the restaurant and bar were both decorated beautifully - very colorful place.  Would go back in a heartbeat!  I think our total bill for 4 people with 2 drinks each and 2 apps (no dessert) was about $200 with tip.I've been here in the past and remember loving it... But don't know what happened to just common politeness. Why have a hostess that is soooooo unwelcoming? Seriously... we expected to wait... but not be forgotten... when you tell someone 1 hour... Don't change it to 2 after we'd already waited an hour...rude and snooty... your food is just not that good... Definitely not a 2-hour wait good!Get ready for an experience.  That's what you get when you go to Frontera.  If you are just looking for a meal, there are several other options in Chicago.  The wait for a table is long, but so worth it.  The dining room is small and first-come, first-served, but luckily there is a large bar with delicious drinks and appetizers to help the time go by.  We had the guacamole and the Ceviche trio; both were delicious and flavorful.  The drink menus include a variety of margaritas and cocktails as well as craft beer, including a beer made especially for Frontera by Goose Island.  When we finally got our table almost 2 hours later our server was very attentive, knowledgeable about the food and drinks, and very personable.  The food was out of this world with the standouts being the Carne Asada and Goat special.   And the whole experience was topped off by a Rick Bayless sighting. Viva La Frontera!The very best upscale Mexican food in Chicago. I may even say it is one of the best restaurants in the country period. Very consistent quality. Very innovative cuisine. Great atmosphere. Very reasonably priced.The food here was awesome. We got really luck and made a reservation earlier in the week. It's not a place I could go to every week but it was a wonderful change of pace.Obviosuly not the same food that you'd find at a local hole in the wall Mexican Restaurant and no chips and salsa when you sit at the table but the food was out of this world. The strawberry sorbet was a wonderful way to end our meal. The signature marg was wonderful and comes served in a martini glass.Much smaller insidethan I anticipated. The bar was very cute and so was all of the decor.Attentive waiter, excellent service.  Ordered specialty margarita but thought the wine we ordered was better.  Our food was appealing to the eye and palate.  We had a kale salad that was excellent; my tilapia was served in a very appealing seasoned sauce; the shrimp was seasoned properly with arugula salad on top; our desert was fabulous.  The only downside is you need to line up at about 4 PM to be there for the opening at 5 PM when you are given a token that buzzes when your table is ready.  We sat at the bar with a hundred other patrons and enjoyed wine.  By 5:30 we were seated and the dining experience began.  We had a very leisurely meal.. Our waiter was great and very helpful.  If you want a fresh taste of 'new' Mexican cooking, you will not be disappointed by Rick Bayless' Frontera Grill.  If Mexican food to you is only tacos and burritos then skip Frontera and find a local Taco Bell.We put our name in for 3 people at 6 pm on a Friday night, and the wait was about 2 hours. We left and the hosts were good about calling us when it was time to come back.  That said, Frontera was fine, but it doesn't live up to the hype.  I'm from California where this kind and quality of mexican food is available ALL over the place.  The ambiance wasn't special at all-- we were in some kind of windowless basement.  Overall, it's good but not great, and I'd never wait two hours to eat here again.ate waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much.  the oaxacan steak was great! even the argentine in the group kept raving about it.  the yellow mole with the white fish was spicy and delicious.  if i go again, i'd stick to ordering lots of the small plates rather than the big entress.oh yes the flan was yummy too.  tres leches cake was not my favorite. i'm a tres leches snob :-)I was 1 of the friends that Jennifer Q. went out with this weekend. I agree with all the great reviews about this place! The only thing I don't understand is why it takes so long to get reservations. I don't see what the big deal is! I mean the food is excellent and quite flavorful, but I think there's a lot more hype to this place than it needs. When we left the place there were people waiting to be seated & the wait time was 2 1/2 hours! I would NOT wait that long for any restaurant!The best restaurant I have eaten at to date. I have never tasted Mexican food so good in my life and I live in Arizona!  So much to say about this place. What makes it the best ever for me is that the food is no question from a James Beard, Top Chef Master's winner and it is not priced as such! Half the price of Fleur de lis in Vegas. Also I have made some of Rick Bayless' dishes at home and they were still amazing! I wished I lived in Chicago I'd eat there every week.On my last visit to Chicago I had time for once nice dinner. Where to go? i could visit old standbys, or try something new. I almost gave up on trying to go to Frontera Grill as I wasn't able to get a reservation - but my dining companion was game for a long wait and we figured there were plenty of other nearby options if we were thwarted in our quest. Frontera Grill it was, and what a wonderful decision. The food is glorious. Absolutely everything we ate was impeccable and bright and flavorful. We started with the guacamole. The guacamole is good ... of course the guacamole is good. But want to know what's better? The tomatillo salsa. I know, you're thinking, salsa? Seriously? You go out for high-end Mexican food and you want to talk about salsa? LET ME TELL YOU 'BOUT THIS SALSA. It has this crazy depth of flavor that will leave you neglecting your awesomely delicious guacamole so that you can sit and ponder what has gone into it. (Later, your waiter will be happy to tell you. But give up because you'll never manage to recreate it at home, you'll just have to move to Chicago.) It managed to outshine our second appetizer, a deliciously light jicama salad that I would have considered a triumph at any other meal. Alas, at this table, it became only an afterthought! (A delicious afterthought, though, you should totally order it.)For my entree I had the carne asada. It was served with sweet plantains, guacamole, and black beans. I learned something from this entree: I like black beans! I have never in my life enjoyed them, but after being happy with everything I'd eaten so far in my meal I decided to be brave and try them. Et voila! A new food I like to add to my repertoire. Thanks, Rick Bayless, for changing my mind about beans. Everything else on the plate was delicious and my steak was a perfect medium-rare - impressive since it was a fairly thin cut of beef. My dining companion was a vegetarian and while the options available to her were somewhat limited, she was very happy with her tacos with mushrooms. Our waiter noted her choice of entree and asked if she was vegetarian, he noted that the beans are cooked in pork and was quick to offer up alternatives. We both finished up our meal with a dessert of a duo of flans - while I am usually a fan of chocolate, the vanilla flan totally stole the show. By the time we left you could have rolled us home, but we wouldn't have missed a bite of it. Service was great. Our waiter was incredibly attentive even though he waTs also taking care of a table of 10 seated next to us. I was very impressed by the attentiveness of everyone, from the hostess to the manager in the dining room (who noticed my half-empty waterglass from across the room and had someone en route to replenish before I'd even gotten the glass down). And to top it all off? Rick Bayless was IN THE KITCHEN! With a chef of his fame and caliber I never expect that they've actually had a hand in making my food happen, but it appears that on this night I was wrong! It was lots of fun to get to see him sit down at the chef's counter and look over his kitchen. The party next to us was able to take pictures with him and say hello - jealous!Had it sober this time without the 4 hour wait and it is still amazing!  Long live Frontera!!!!!Service was good. Food was disappointing relative to the restaurants reputation. Place was cramped extremely noisy and crowded. Not at all like expected.We went here for a firm dinner on Wednesday and it was met with success. Our waiter was a doll. The bus boys swooped in to refill glasses at the half full/empty point. The champagne margarita was one of the best cocktails I've ever had. So why only 4/5 stars? While the food was good, it doesn't come near to being a favorite meal.  We all split an appetizer platter ($8 a person). The guacamole was tasty and for $8 a person to get this platter, they don't give you much. The jicama salad was refreshing. The fried enchiladas and taquitos were both super tasty. For my entree, I had the duck (menu description: Pato en Tlatonile: red chile-rubbed Gunthorp duck breast, cooked over the coals, served with Veracruz-style sauce of arbol and ancho chiles and sesame seeds; garlicky butternut mash, Tracey's Garden salad). This dish was good, but it wasn't near the top of my top 5 duck dishes. I should really do a Yelp list of those. Overall, it was a good experience. There were two British girls in the bathroom when I went and one was talking about needing to vomit and then saying she was okay and while I was leaving said, "Okay, I'm ready to head to the bar." Yeah, this is why I rarely go to places this buzz-worthy!Also, the host looks like he could be Rick Bayless' father?I love Frontera Grill - I actually think it's a lot better than Xoco, which I think is a bit of a rip-off. It definitely is MUCH better Mexican food than anywhere else I've ever tried, including Mexico, and I really appreciate that Bayless aims for sustainability. I've only been here twice but both times really loved it and had a fabulous meal - the wait time is fine if you're aware of it ahead of time and there are plenty of places nearby to spend your wait time having a pre-dinner cocktail! My favorite things at Frontera are the tamales, the margaritas (YUM!), the mole sauce, and the DESSERTS - just when I think I'm completely stuffed I can always find room for their desserts.Rick Bayless doesn't disappoint. From drinks to dessert, Frontera Grill is just plain fantastic. Love the patio in the summer - great people watching. I walk by here almost every day on my way home from work and I'm always jealous of the patio diners with sipping their amazing margaritas and snacking on guac! You MUST get ceviche--get the trio or share a few with whomever you are dining with, try one you know you'll like and try something that's new/different, you won't regret it!If you love authentic Mexican food with an upscale twist, this is the place to be.  Ever since Rick Bayless won "Top Chef Master", its been really tough to  get into his restaurants.  All I can say is that the wait is worth it.  From the combination platter of appetizers, to the entree, dessert and Mexican coffee, it was YUM!  YUM!   YUM!   I do dine out a lot and I do appreciate the professionalism of the staff.  From the greeters, to the ladies checking your coat and the servers.  Everyone treats you like a VIP!  BRAVO!  My next visit will be to Topolobampo and I can't wait.Frontera Grill is the only Mexican restaurant that is actually up to par with how Mexican cooking should be. 5 stars for Rick Steeve's efforts in creating authentic mexican cuisine. Of course, nothing compares to my mother's cooking but hey it comes pretty close! Great food, great drinks and a great lively atmosphere!Rick Bayless, how I adore thee.  Your restaurant is worth the 1.5 hour wait without a reservation, and your cookbooks are easy and excellent.  I haven't been back in a year or so, but it is at the top of my list to retry.  If you can get 6 people to pick a date, they will take a reservation, but it has to bee fairly far in advance.  Otherwise, they generally have two sittings to start, a 5:30 and something around 7:30.  My suggestion is to get there around 5:30, put your name in for the second sitting, and then go walk around Michigan Avenue for a while.  It is totally worth it.  Please have a margarita.Can't say enough. Was told of a 1.5 hour wait but was seated in 15 min. Great  Bar. Ordered Gorditas, and Homemade Ice Cream. The best Mexican Food I ever had, and I've been to Merida, Mexico City, Cabo etc... Very crowded but nice. I wanna meet Rick Bayless and say thanks !I LOOOOOVE Frontera Grill.  I love Rick Bayless so I had been dying to try this place.  It was everything I had hoped.  Granted, we did get there at 4:45 on a Saturday in order to get seated without a 2-hour wait...  We sat outside which was great, although I would like to try the main dining room at some time.  The margaritas were phenomenal.  The ceviche sampler was delicious.  Friends said the oysters were great too (though I didn't eat them).  I had the duck and it was awesome.  The after-dinner coffee was great too, but I can't remember what it was called...  In all, an outstanding dinner and I can't wait to go back!Great Mexican food. The best in town without risking safety in authenic areas found on the southsideThis might be one of my favorite restaurants ever.  Everything I've tried here is amazing but I really love the mole enchilladas.  I haven't tried them anywhere else because I'm afraid I will be dissapointed.  The margaritas, sunfish ceviche and desserts are great too.  The wait was about 2 hours but I knew that ahead of time so it didn't ruin the night.  I'll definitely make a reservation earlier next time.Favorite Restaurant in ChicagoI hate that there is just a scale of 1-5 with no middle points or anything. Anyway, simply awesome. I love traditional Mexican food and this takes it with a twist. Nice and simple preps that show the flavors off superwell. The cocktails are nice as well. The best part of the menu is that they have about a dozen small plate options which gives you the best opportunity to try as much as you can. Plus, this place offers a very reasonably priced choice, just expect a long wait.I liked the tiny bowl of spicy nuts that the restaurant gives us while we wait for our food.  We ordered several drinks (Agua del Dia, Mexican Mojito, and the Margarita) - I thought the Mojito was the best one I've ever tried - it was so citrusy and so refreshing, and the taste was wonderful.  We shared the Entremes Surtido (an Old school Frontera trio with two pieces of smoked chicken taquitos (topped with sour cream and guacamole), Mexico City-style corn masa quesadillas (with artisan cheese and epazote), and classic ceviche tostadas), Sopes Rancheros (my favorite; they were crispy corn masa boats filled with savory shredded beef, roasted tomato, avocado, and homemade fresh cheese), Enchiladas de Mole Poblano (homemade tortillas rolled around Gunthorp free-range chicken, the famous mole sauce, and a side of black beans), Enchiladas de Bistec y Huevos (fresh-baked corn tortillas rolled around spicy steak n' eggs, roasted tomato-serrano chile sauce, and Samuel's hand-made Indiana Jack cheese melted on top, with a side of black beans), homemade ice cream with goats milk caramel, and Mexican hot chocolate to down it all.  I was definitely excited to try this place as I love watching Chef Rick Bayless's shows (and, I think he's way better than Bobby Flay!)!We had reservations and got sat pretty quickly, the ceviche was good as was the sampler platter. My mom loves the show, so she was excited to go, other than that, it was good, not mind blowing.I'll start by saying this place was a little overrated.  Still did not beat Rosa Mexicana in NYC in my opinion.  However it was really good and a lot of fun.  Went here today, right before my flight out of Chicago to New York.  When I read about this place, I immediately called to make a reservation.  This place is closed Sunday and Monday, but I was able to get an early lunch reservation on Tuesday, which worked out well.  Reservations are pretty key here if you can get them.  To our surprise there was a line waiting to get in at 11:30am on a Tuesday.   The place quickly fills  up for lunch and I heard some people were waiting an hour to get a table. On to the food.  Here is what we ordered: Queso Classico- Eh not what we expected but it wasn't frontera's fault.  Guacamole- Good for not being made table side but also not the best I've ever had.  Chips- Really great chips some of the best. Enchilladas Mole- So good.  Really authentic mole sauce.  Great flavor.  You could taste the chocolate but it was not overpowering and had a wonderful kick to it.  Quesadillas- Should have skipped these.  Not enough cheese, and for me I did not enjoy the flavor.  The food was 3 stars for me.  I ended up giving this place 4 stars because the drinks were really great.  Go for a mixed drink for sure if you go there because they are worth the 12 bucks.  Had two margaritas and left pretty buzzed and also incredibly full almost sick.  Really happy I got to go to this place.  Great interior and atmosphere.Can't say much more that hasn't been said already.  Good food.  Good drinks.  Good service.  Worth the wait (of an hour).  Give it a try.This place is fantastic.  I took my husband there a couple weeks ago for his birthday.  One piece of advice:  Make reservations as soon as you can!  My original plan was to take him to Topolobomo, however, they had no openings even though I was calling 3 weeks in advance.  All they had was a 9:15 at Frontera Grill so I took it.  I was pleased that 2 days before our rez they called and said they now had an opening at 8pm for Frontera.  Well I must say I was not disappointed that we ended up there and not Topo.  The food was wonderful.  The ceviche trio was to die for- I could eat that all day!  I'd go back just for that appetizer.  Then I was thrilled that one of their entrees had two of my favorite things in one dish- duck and mole.  It was incredible.  The duck was crusted with chipotle, cinnamon, cumin, and other warm spices.  Even the rice was great.  There was not a single morsel of food or drop of sauce left on my plate.  My husband had the ribs, which neither one of us would have ever considered before at a Mexican restaurant, but they too were great.  The only thing I was not that impressed with was the desert we chose.  We had the homemade ice cream and it was just "eh." However, I had a coffee made with tequila, Kahlua and chocolate and it was the perfect ending to the meal.One more thing that our experience great  was that we purchased one of Chef Bayless's cookbooks and our server had Chef personalize it.  He signed it and wrote Happy Birthday even though he was dining with friends in Topo.I highly recommend this restaurant!Took time to make a lunch reservation this time, since several months ago, I showed up at the restaurant at 5:30 p.m. and was told it would be a 3hr. wait for a table.  I was really looking forward to this experience, but was disappointed by Frontera's ambiance and food.  We were seated at a small slanting table, smashed in an overcrowded room.  The Blood Orange Margarita (seasonal) was very good, followed by average guacamole , and grizzly steak tacos.  Our waiter was inattentive, and never made eye contact with us.  Nothing special here.  Overall, Bobby Flay is far superior to Rick Bayless!!Perfect everything.Out-of-towners, we were looking for a later Friday night dinner a little after 10pm.  Very happy with the eventual find.  There was still plenty going on at this eatery just north of the Loop, and the duck I could recommend.  Not any new or exotic ground in the flavors department, but a nice presentation of the dishes and recommendable, though small, selection of unique beers.  The decor was neat and made for a cool atmosphere.  Friendly wait staff, too.  And cute hosts, also a plus.We arrived here at 6:40 on a weeknight, and were told it would be an hour and a half to two hours. No biggie, we'll walk around and hang out, but can you call me if something opens up sooner than the hour and a half?  The hostess says they will take down my number, but I doubt anything will open up before then, so just show up after an hour and a half and let us know when you're back. Quite snottily, I might add.So, after an hour and 15 minutes, we get a call from a very nice lady that there's an open table. Rick Bayless definitely lives up to the hype. Ceviche trio is awesome. I know it wasn't a full order of each ceviche, but I do wish the Yucatean had more shrimp in it. Frontera ceviche sounds like an odd mix, with olives, tomato, and green chile, but it was so good. And the Tropical Tuna was great and super fresh and tasty as well. Also delicious, were the duck carnita flautas. Crispy and saucy goodness, the meat was soft and delicious.And when you visit a Bayless restaurant, you need to order something with mole. Mole poblano enchiladas? Yes please. Even my sister who isn't into moles said it was good. Every minute of waiting was worth the food that came out in the end.Being Rick Bayless' restaurant and seeing him on tv making some awesome looking dishes we decided to try it for ourselves.Got in and was surprised that there were so many people waiting to get in. We got in right away because of our reservation. Sat down and enjoyed what seemed to be a tic tac container full of nuts.We ordered a few appetizers. We were not impressed. Ordered some more appetizers thinking the others might be better. Not so much.For some reason, everytime I asked for a straw it always seemed like they were rinced off and reused because there was always water/condensation on the inside of the straw. After the third set, I asked the waitress about it and she said they were a bio-degradable type of straw so that is why it looked like that. I said no way there is water inside it and she said that they sit right next to the bar where they can get wet. I thought that was a little strange. I hate drinking out of public glasses in restaurants. Yet when I looked around, I did not notice anyone else with straws in any of their drinks.I asked for a hotter sauce than what they brought me and I end up getting charged almost 3 bucks for about an ounce of habanero sauce they called salsa. I could not believe that. If I asked for salsa then I could see getting charged for it, but this is ridiculous. I was expecting the appetizers to be amazing and it was just average.After 4 different appetizers we decided to leave. There is no point in ordering a whole meal if the appetizers are just ok in a hyped-up restaurant as packed and supposedly famous as this one.Needless to say we left disappointed and hungry still. I have had a much better experience in a hole in the wall mexican restaurant than in this place. This place is definately WAY to hyped up and we wont be going back anytime soon. I really dont see what everyone else sees in this place. Why anyone would wait 2-3 hours to pay so much for mediocure food is beyond me!I have lived about 3 blocks from here for 2 years now and always wanted to go.  Every time we walk by there is a line out the door.  I knew it would be a long wait so I told my wife to start getting ready and I walked on over to wait.  When I went in they said it would be 1.5 hr wait.  No problem I just propped up at the bar and started sucking down the Margaritas(REALLY GOOD).  My wife arrived about 30 minutes and 4 Margaritas later and we still had no table so we decided to just eat at the bar.  Great Idea as the bar staff was very nice and quick to get you everything.    We started out with the guacamole which comes with 2 types of salsas on the side as well.  All 3 were perfect and I couldnt ask for better.  Then, we ordered 3 items off the light menu (kind of like Mexican tappas) and 1 item off the regular menu.  We got the Cerviche, duck carnitas, and chicken taquitos.  The large item I got was the carne asada.  Everything was very good and came out farely quick.  As we were paying our bill they were wrapping up my 1/3 carne asada that was left and the bartender dropped it on the ground by accident.  He had the kitchen make me a whole brand new one.  I couldnt believe it I told him not to worry about it but he wasnt having it.I have been to every Nice Restaurant in Chicago, and the service and atmosphere here rivals them all.  If there was a place to put 10 stars it would have it.  This place is dangerously close to my house and I will be back often.I've been wanting to go here for years.  The food was great!  I'm glad we went but the wait was long (two hours on a Tuesday), a bit over priced and the service wasn't very good.  We most likely won't go again.  Make a reservation!Long lines, but not a problem when you consider the Total Tastiness of Rick Bayless' menu.  Excellente.  Perfect drinks, entrees, setting.  Love the art on the walls and you can pick up autographed copies of Rick Bayless' cookbooks.This was one on my list of places to try after reading countless praises of Rick Bayless. We went there for brunch. I knew this place always had a wait and I believe it was about 45 minutes to an hour that day for a table in the main dining area. What we didn't realize, however, was that you could sit immediately in the bar area, so once we realized this, we were able to snag the very last table, a very small high top, immediately. We both had their special cocktail of the day and had the quacamole with two salsas, to start. I honestly cannot recall what I ordered as my main dish, but it was one of their specialties with the mole sauce and we both really enjoyed it. I believe their menu changes monthly. Two cocktails, chips/quac/salsa and two brunch/lunch entrees got us a bill a bit over $100, so be prepared to spend! :) But the food is excellent!Tried to eat here 2 years ago....line too long. This time, we were the third party in line when they opened. I was in town for family business, and a friend from LA was there getting her daughter all situated in school at the Art Institute, and she wanted to try Frontera. I have to say everything but the empanada's were really really good. The empanada's I'd definitely skip if I ever go again. Plaintains in creme, ceviche tacos, fresh guacamole all excellent. But since I live in LA, it's hard to pay $30 a person for lunch, with tip, no booze for Mexican food.Amazing!!! I'm from Baton Rouge and I've been dying to go to Chicago and eat at Rick Bayless' restaurant! It did not disappoint! I had the limonada, tortilla soup and old school frontera trio! Yum-o!!Frontera Grill is a fine-dining Mexican restaurant, so no greasy tacos here. This very popular and celebrated restaurant serves creative dishes at a premium price. If you are waiting for a table, have a margarita or a cold cerveza. The vegetarian-style enchiladas were delicious to this meat eater. The outdoor cafe seating faces the blinding sun at dinnertime, but the area is remarkably insulated from the sun and other annoying urban factors.For me, no trip to Chicago is complete without a stop at Rick Bayless' famous Frontera Grill.  This is upscale Mexican food that stays true to regional cuisine from Yucatan and Oaxaca.  Every dish uses the highest quality ingredients and is as flavorful as the interior is colorful and vibrant.  This place gets *very* busy, so the best thing you can do is go at lunch or get there around 5 to eat at the bar.  Speaking of the bar, the margaritas, although a little on the skimpy (and expensive) side, are excellent.  They use fresh squeezed juices and good tequila.  The tacos al carbon and mole are truly outstanding.Excellent food, attentive service. Be forewarned, went there on a Tuesday before six, and the wait was over an hour.4-1/2 stars. I took my hubby here for his birthday today - we both agreed it was a great choice! Thanks to advice from Yelpers, we got here by 4:30 p.m. and were 1st in line. Very excited as we had a Rick Bayless sighting - he was working with his staff at his new place XOCO (check out menu online - can't wait to try it!). After a pleasant wait enjoying the fab weather and chatting with other Bayless fans, we were invited in promptly at 5:00, given a pager and scored 2 seats at the bar. Wasn't sure how long the wit would be, so we ordered the pork empanadas to go along with our beers. We were happily surprised when our pager when off after 15 mins and we were shown to a lovely table for 2.  We were very impressed with the service throughout - our waiter (tall fellow) was exremely pleasant and helpful with descriptions of the menu (which just changed) and paced the meal very well. The busboy was also very efficient and friendly. We never felt rushed even though the place was pretty full and lots of people were waiting in the bar area. For the most part, the food was awesome. Do not go here expecting typical Mexican restaurant portions - this is all about quality not quantity. The food is sophisticated and high quality. We started with the pork empanadas which featured a smoky pork filling and crispy exterior that contrasted nicely with the avocado sauce and tangy watercress salad. We also had the ceviche trio. Loved the presentation in little martini style glasses. While they were all good, the Ceviche de Atun "Chamoy":  sashimi-quality Hawaiian ahi tuna tossed with crunchy jicama and tangy, fruity, spicy red chile-apricot chamoy salsa. was a standout. We'll definitely get a larger portion of this on a return visit.For entrees, I had the seafood of the day - a grilled swordfish with veracruz sauce. The fish was moist, flavorful, with a nice grilled taste. It was accompanied by disappointing mash (very watery not creamy) and pickled green beans and carrots that were al dente but spicy. Hubby had the special - very tender shredded suckling pig served with tasty black beans and fresh tortillas on the side. Beware the hot sauce served with this dish - it was super hot - but we were warned!We were determined to try dessert - even tho we wer pretty full. Wish we had followed the waiter's advice and ordered the choc/raspberry tart but went for the caramel custards which were a bit weak. I have had better flan in run of the mill Mexican joints. Coffee was very good though so I was not unduly disappointed. Overall an excellent experience that we will repeat. If you go, plan ahead and go early to avoid the frustration of long lines. No food is worth a 2 hour wait imo.Ran in for a late lunch Tuesday and have to say the Fish of the Day special (in this case Alaskan salmon) was exceptional - Fish Veracruzana. I will agree that it is a pricey spot for Mexican food and I'd agree that it isn't traditional Mexican food, but what I had was really, really good and not only would I recommend trying Frontera, I want to head back and explore more of the menu.We had high high hope for this place and we thought it was just ok. Maybe it was the food we chose, maybe we went at a bad time... I don't know. We will go back again.went for lunch on a thursday afternoon at 11:45 (opens at 11:30) thinking there would be no wait, because seriously, who would wait an hour for lunch when they have work??  apparently EVERYONE, bc it was PACKED.  there was an hour wait for the dining area, luckily my friend and i scored a teeny tiny table in the bar area.  we shared three things.  the guacamole was adequate -- fresh and filled with lime juice and possibly sun dried tomatoes (nothing wrong here!), but also nothing spectacular.  however their freshly fried corn chips were most enjoyable.next were the sopes rancheros -- the roasted tomato sauce was DELICIOUS, i wanted a whole bowl of it to dip the little corn masa boats in.  the flavors of the dish worked well together, but the shredded beef was a little salty for my taste.  also i felt the proportion of corn:beef:avocado:sauce was a bit off -- too much beef, but otherwise a pretty good app.finally we shared the milanesa de puerco.  this was disappointing.  though everything on the dish was made well and was very fresh, it did not wow me. in fact it kinda reminded me of a chicken parmigiano dish type flavoring.  meh.  i should have tried one of bayless' famous mole dishes, or the thursday ribeye special that the dude next to me ordered.  it looked SO GOOD.  his table also ordered a soup that looked awesome -- some tortilla strips and an avocado wedge in a bowl, then drowned in a small pot of hot, piping broth. but they seemed to be regulars -- we overheard them asking for ONLY the green salsa and they raved to us about the topolo margarita.  lesson learned: order the same dishes as the frontera groupies next to you.OH the BIGGEST disappointment was that the service here was awful, awful, awful!!!  for such a well known restaurant, i would expect the service here to be close to impeccable.  the food came out slowly and it took forever and a half to get the check.  i cannot imagine what it's like for dinner.overall, the highlights of the food were interesting enough to have me coming back to try some other dishes.  i also love restaurants that change up their menu.  but i think i'll wait a few more months to see if the hoopla/long wait dies down, and then maybe i'll up the star-age on this one.My husband has always left here feeling like a king... and for me, it's a hit or miss.We came on a summer day for lunch and I enjoyed a lemonade-ish margarita, the sopes appetizer and the dueling flans (guava and vanilla). I did not like my entree or the flauta appetizers, though. On another visit, I had a pineapple, cucumber lemonade which I really enjoyed! I had the sopes again (can't go wrong there) but the other appetizers were fushi/guacatelas/not tasty! All I could taste from the tamales was the awkward flavor left behind by whatever leaf was used. I could not taste the chorizo or bacon or cheese that was visible to the eye. We also had a queso fundido made of pork that was made with a pungent cheese (in my opinion, of course). My husband agreed with me about the tamales but he thoroughly enjoyed the queso fundido. The smell bothered me for quite a while. My original order was taken back to the kitchen because it just tasted terrible. I won't even bother saying what it was because I have found that I have not liked any of the entrees here! I had two entrees on this day and the only thing that I was able to eat without cursing were the refried beans, tortillas and guacamole. We ordered the dueling flans again (chocolate ones with liquor and vanilla) and they did not disappoint. I expect the food to be Mexican with a twist. I just didn't realize that the twists would be so weird sometimes. My husband owns some of Rick Bayless' cookbooks--I really believe some of the recipes are awesome. We have been able to impress my mother, who is Mexican and cooks like a pro! I wouldn't have thought the same author owned this restaurant based on the entrees I've had. Then again, maybe Rick Bayless is always experimenting. I know I will keep coming to Frontera Grill--my husband loves it--but from now on, I will stick with those sopes, drinks and flans!Yum!  In town for business and a friend took me here as a dinner suggestion. It was awesome. Hopping on a Tuesday night - we ended up eating at the bar, however it would have been a 45 minute wait.  Had the chicken mole enchiladas which were quite filling. They were no overly spicy, as the sauce was quite savory.  Would definitely recommend to those staying in the area.How can you live in Chicago and not visit this place.  We went for lunch hoping it would be a bit more affordable though it was still pricey, we did have a Rick Bayless siting so totally worth it.  The ceviche and the service was as good as it gets.The wait was surprisingly not bad for our table of 8 at 9:30 on a Saturday night. We got drinks within 10 minutes and our table half an hour. Since we had such a large group, I got to try a good deal of the menu. This rating will just be an average of all the dishes since I wasn't overwhelmed either way.Truthfully, the food was good but I didn't understand the hype...as much as I love Rick Bayless. I want to give it 3.5 stars but falls to 3 stars because of the overhype.Appetizerscorn croquettes with goat: 3 stars-tasty but not large bursts of flavortaquitos with carnitas: 2 1/2 stars the taquitos overwhelmed the flavor of the carnitas, could barely even taste the porkenchiladas with mahimahi: 4 1/2 my favorite app that we had. The mahi tasted very fresh and tomatillo sauce was very lively.guac: 4 stars-creamy and flavorful. Comes with their very tasty green and red salsas.Entreessteak tacos: 5 stars-the steak was juicy, flavorful, tender, carmelized onions...yuuuum! too bad it was only one taco. pretty small for $20pork belly and pork loin in chipotle black bean sauce: 5 stars!!! the pork belly LITERALLY melts in your mouth. I've never had pork belly this smooth and fatty delicious before. OMG I wish I'd ordered this.flank steak with sweet corn tamales: 4 stars-steak came with a salsa that was spicy and delicious. It wasn't nearly as juicy as the steak in the tacos but I was happy with my choice. The sweet corn tamale was very good. extremely fresh tasting and worked well with the sour cream and cilantro.Mole with chicken: 2.5 stars-nothing special which was really disappointing because I thought Rick Bayless was famous for his mole and his oaxacan sauces.A few people ordered the same thing and obviously if I ruled the world we would've all ordered different things. Alas, sadly I don't get my way all the time.DrinksGold Margarita: 3.5 delicious, fresh and not too sweetMexican mojito: 4 good but I couldn't pick out what made it MexiccanMichelada: 4.5 the best michelada I've ever had. Smooth, spicy but not overwhelming, very easy to drink. blue agave margarita: 3 a bit too sweet for me but really hides the alcohol. I had 4 drinks and boy do they put in a lot of liquor. Usually 4 drinks don't do much for me, but this got me to a happy tipsy place!SummaryGo for drinks, sit at the bar and eat some pork belly and steak! But if the wait is overwhelming, which is probably will be, you won't be missing out on that much so don't feel too bad.If you want a foodgasm, visit one of Rick Bayless' restaurants (haven't gotten to Topo yet but very high in my list).  The amount of flavor he's able to pack into his food defies all things normal.  Frontera is cool in the sense that it has a separate bar area, which doesn't require reservations.  If you're lucky enough to snag one of these tables, you'll have a fun dining experience!  The menu changes so it's hard to recommend dishes, but I had some vegetarian (which is hilarious because I heart meat) tamales that were recommended by my dining companion.  They had some mole sauce (this was about two years ago so apologies for my lack of detail) and it was just amazing.  I wasn't fortunate enough to meet Rick or anything, but I hope to be going back in the near future!Wow - this place is delicious!  I thoroughly enjoyed the pork loin with black bean sauce and the guacamole.  We had a reservation at 8pm, but they were luckily able to take us a little early and this restaurant was certainly worth the wait!  The artwork was beautiful in the restaurant, the food was outstanding and the service was fantastic!  This is a must visit when in Chicago!Definitely a great restaurant - I always love starting with the ceviche and then moving on to a meat dish for my main course.  The ceviche is always amazing and the main dishes are also good although my cochinita pibil the other day was not great (every bite really needed to be soaked in the sauce on the bottom to get the required saltiness and flavor but my initial bites - as was the consensus of the table next to me - were quite bland).  I'm not a fan of the long waits for a table and high prices (including the margaritas) but you'll definitely get top quality ingredients and very good food for your time and money.Disclaimer - this is getting 3 stars (3.5 if I could) because the service was impeccable.  The food was a little underwhelming.  Maybe my hopes were too high!?  For such a renowned chef, I expected more but don't get me wrong... it was decent and if I lived in Chicago, I'd probably go back on a day I didn't have to wait for a table so I can try other plates. We started with the sunrise cocktail which our waiter totally sold us on when he said that one of the components was only made for the restaurant.  It was deliciously refreshing.  For appetizers we got the short rib taquitos and chorizo-topped queso fundito.  Both really good and full of flavor, but then again, when is anything fried, cheesy or chorizo-topped NOT good?!  My friend and I got the mole enchiladas and the steak tacos.  This was my first time having mole so I figured, what a better time then to try Bayless' mole!?  Not my cup of tea.. but it could have been anyone's mole and I don't think it would have tickled my fancy.  Not big on the sweet factor.  The chicken was also pretty spicy and I'm a wimp when it comes to spice.  My friend LOVED it so I assume for mole fans, it's the business.  The steak for the tacos was good.  Great marinade and spice, cooked to medium-rare. They came out as a build-your-own sort of deal.  Not big on that either.  I can make my own tacos at home.  If I'm paying for them, I'd like them already prepared for me in the way the chef intended me to eat them.  Also, we never got chips and salsa!  What up with that!?  Now as far as the service goes, our waiter could not have been more friendly and honest in his opinions of the food.  We were constantly paid attention to and water was filled up at the appropriate times.  Good time-span between the apps and entrees too.  My advice:  make a reservation.  This place isn't worth waiting an hour for.As a fellow Yelper has already written, Rick Bayless doesn't need another 5 star review on Yelp...but he's going to get one.  This was among the best meals I've ever had.  The queso fundido with short ribs was rich, spicy, and delicious.  The cocktails were unique and very strong.  But the Saturday night special (the ribs) was among the best things I've eaten.  If you're in Chicago, don't miss Frontera Grill.The second time was SO much better!  Don't get me wrong, the first time my husband and I came here, I had the enchiladas en mole and they were great. However, I left still feeling a bit hungry. This time around, I have to say I may have gone all out.  I went with a group of friends and for appetizers we ordered the Trio, Trio, Trio (seafood ceviche variety). This was absolutely delicious.  For my main course, I ordered the duck breast tacos--I was impressed.  Although I am a wine drinker, I decided to venture out and have the vampiro drink. It had a kick to it (a bit spicy), but it was an interesting adventure for my taste buds-- enjoyable.  We concluded our meal with some dessert and the "must have" cafe. The ambiance was perfect, the food was great, and the server was attentive. I was very happy that I chose this place to kick off my birthday celebrations.Quick tips: Don't miss the special drink of the day. To get a seat for Saturday brunch arrive 15 minutes before opening. Then kick back and get ready to some amazing food.Can't really say much more than all of the reviewers...guacamole and tamal de puerco were amazing.  Dessert was equally as fabulous. I'm not a fan of margaritas, and I had two since they were so smooth.  Duck was a miss since it was chewy.  But one thing that surprised us was our waiter.  I told him that I am usually a wine drinker and he stated that they are trained to pair wines with their foods.  That is one thing I have never had, a wine pairing with Mexican food.  I have to say that he did an amazing job and paired well for our ceviche, tamale, our "Enchiladas" Potosinas, sopes rancheros and our duck.  It was worth it just for that.  And also to see the chef himself at the bar eating.  I'm getting a little worn out by going to a restaurant of the particular chef, and them not being there.  It is good to see that he stays with his roots.  And also, the best of all, eat a breakfast "sandwich" at his little jaunt in the airport (called Frontera).  I wasn't even in the mood for anything like that and with one bite, I was hooked.  Go Rick!PS-the reason for my 4 rating was simple, there were two bright flood lights shining down on our table and in our eyes the whole time and it detracted from the meal......It's been a while since I've been here.Ate at the bar.  Great Guacomole as usual and I had a mussels and crab appetizer that was huge! Actually didn't finish it all!! Service by David was great!I actually liked this place better than its higher end sister restaurant because the food was more accessable and traditional. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and there was a great buzz going on in there!get a reservation! it was an hour or more wait!we ended up not having to wait for the bar but  most people do. food is amazing!i went for brunch. i got omelet with with steak and eggs. it was sooo sooo soo spicy! but oh so good. my friend got tacos which were super yummy as well.GET THE CHEESE CAKE FLAN!!! it is AMAZING! margaritas are so good! & we were there for cinco de mayo so they were extra good.overall this place is really good. ..... it is on the pricey side so, only going here for special occasions.Date night? Character on the barside. Begin with Rick's Marisol draft with the Jicama fruity crunch. Add shots of Frontera red pepper sauce to the Torpedo Molotes. Classic Queso Fundido remade new with Samuel's artisanal Jack. You will enjoy the noise with a local Matilda and grilled knob onions. Pancho's recommendation did not disappoint: Bass, emerald rice, molcajete - PURO SABOR.Went there on a business lunch with an amiable colleague... the atmosphere was perfect for us, kind of loud but no one really paying attention to the other tables.  It was busy (obviously) but my host had made the reservation for advance so we didn't have to wait.  The server was friendly, the food was brought out relatively quickly which is great when you are on a working lunch schedule.  I started with the tortilla soup (yes don't usually start with an app at lunch, but it was my first time there!)  and then had the catfish tacos - which were great, i just couldn't finish since i was too full from the soup.  I would like to go back for dinner and take my time with the menu.. share a bunch of different items... and add some drinking to the agenda :)The first time I dined here it was 2004 and I had no idea who Rick Bayless was but that didn't matter because the margaritas were so great, I thought about them for years. (True!)To date, I've eaten here twice and each time the wait has been INSANE. It doesn't seem to matter when you show up, so make a reservation or go with an open agenda. Having said that you can usually snag a place at the bar, which I did this past Tuesday.I started with a pretty basic margarita on the rocks with salt. At the bartenders recommendation I ordered the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena. That is, a Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak marinated in spicy red chile. The dish was served with black beans, sweet plantains (my favorite) and guacamole. While it probably wasn't my favorite cut of beef, the rib steak was was tender and well complimented by the sides. I liked that their beef is typically "natural", grass fed, and/or local. Given what we know about food, health and the environment  I feel that at this point in time every restaurant should at least offer one local item. That aside, the portions were ample and of high quality. Even though I alternated between small bites and taco making (with fresh tortillas that come with the entrées) I ended up still leaving a good amount of food on the plate. (Except for the plantains of course!) The drinks we're awesome once again. I tried a few different versions of margarita including one with an aged tequila and another coffee version that was delightful. I highly recommend that as an after dinner drink. MmmOverall this place is great.  I'll definitely be back but for smaller plates. There's just too much goodness on the menu to commit to one.I don't understand the frothing at the mouth for this place. I was really excited to eat here after hearing everyone rave about it.  I might give it a second try for dinner, but Frontera doesn't have me running back.We arrived for lunch and there was about an hour and a half wait.  I'm usually not willing to wait for anything that long, but I had dreams of a spicy explosion of complex flavors.  Well...not so much.The tortilla soup was very good. Not the best that I have ever had ( I love Bogota's in Brooklyn! and El Paso in East Harlem just to plug those), but very good. After waiting forever..I'm talking maybe 40 minutes, we get our tacos.  The tacos were just blah okay.  The meat was cooked well, but it really lacked flavor. I thought it was really basic as were the beans.  Ok everything on that plate was just blah, including the guacamole.  For dessert, the pecan brownies were fine, but kind of boring too.What really got me was the service here.  Our waitress would disappear for 30 minutes at a time.  I understand that the restaurant was busy, but this was just ridiculous especially as it seemed like all of the other tables were getting their food twice as fast. The lapses between courses were really long and we couldn't flag her down or ask for more tortillas.  Good thing, the margaritas were good or I would have been even crabbier.You can't deny a well-known chef's cuisine but the night we ate there the food was extra salty.  The service was good and the margaritas were so, so yummy.If their overpriced guac wasn't so bland, I would almost contemplate 5 stars.  Everything else was delicious, the braised lamb shoulder was so tender, and salad dressing was light and perfectly complemented the sauce.  The sopitas were also amazing, and I so desperately wanted a larger stomach because the desserts also looked delicious.  It's a little pricey, and we had to wait almost an hour for Saturday brunch, which was definitely a bummer.I just wasn't blown away by Frontera Grill. Aside from the two hour and ten minute wait on a Tuesday, the kitchen was pretty inflexible about making things without meat in them. That being the case, there is surprisingly little for vegetarians to eat here. We got some cheese quesadillas that were really empanadas and mushroom fajita things that were good but by no means worth the hassle. And the beans and rice that came with were not that flavorful. I really liked the chips and salsa, but...yeah. It's chips and salsa. The low point was the posole, which tasted like old wet socks. I think this is an acquired taste and wish the server would have said something to that effect so we could have at least thought about skipping it. Dropping $80 on a meal that wasn't great is not my idea of a good birthday dinner. Probs not coming back.Came here on a whim after trying several months ago but left after being told of a 2.5 hr wait. I dont think they take reservations so the waits are usually long. Arrived at almost 8 on a Wednesday night,  was told that the wait would be 45 mins to an hr for a table of 2. Grabbed a drink at the bar and waited. Only downside was that the bar was pretty packed so we had to stand the whole time. Table was ready in 45 minutes. Our server was super friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Explained that some vegetables are grown on the rooftop and some dishes are mimics of popular Yucatan meals. We started with an order of fresh guacamole and 2 Salsas. This came out fast and we even got a free refill on chips. I had the Sangria and it was DELICIOUS and Fruity. For my meal, i had the CHICKEN in COLORADITO  and my friend had the OAXACAN-STYLE CARNE ASADA. Both dishes were awesome and generously portioned. We both finished our meals completely. I would definitely recommend this place, it is worth any wait!Just called to make reservations.  The woman answered the phone in a very rushed, uninterested voice and spoke so fast I didn't understand what she said.  When I clarified that it was, indeed, Frontera Grill, she said "that's what I said".  Rude.  I was told there everything was booked (no problem there), but then when I said, "okay, thank you", she just hung up.  SO RUDE!  I have eaten here before, the food is yummmy.  Too bad the front desk put a bad taste in my mouth.The empanadas here are simply unbelievable.  Every time I go to Chicago, regardless of occasion, I go to Frontera.  I have never been disappointed in the food, and find myself wanting to go back the next night again, to try something else - don't pass this one up.I'm not a vegetarian by any means, but I did have their veggie dish.  Wow, out of a group of 10 or so, it was the hit.Very good, high end Mexican food. Never disappointed when I go here.  The food is amazing. They also have a great selection of cocktails to compliment the menu, so grab a drink in the bar and an appetizer to hold you over.This place is really hard to get a table. I thought the food was good, but overpriced. For some reason I expected more from this place though. It's probably because of all the hype that I came in with really  high expectations.First of all, there are Haters no matter where you go in this world and the ones who criticize Frontera Grill for Price or Taste are Missing the WHOLE enchilada(pardon the pun). This is the Top Notch people. If you are a Foodie, you know how hard it is to get Good Clean Food. Good Clean food as in Chef Curated Products from Farm to Table. This comes at a price. Maybe you don't buy Grass-Fed beef or the like to understand what/who you are supporting. This is something important to me. (Read Omnivore's Dillema or watch Food Inc.-the movie to get the gist)My Husband and I went here with our twin 4 year olds. We put our name down and yes it was a 3 hour wait. BUT, I had read all the Yelp comments and we were prepared. This was our Anniversary celebration. We put our name down, we checked in at 1 1/2 hours to get a pager and we pretty much did stuff nearby till we closed into the 30-45 minute range of our table. It was not a hard wait as you wanted to check out the decor and see what looked good from other orders. My husband got the Duck with Mole(he had to after watching the Top Chef Masters) I got the Saturday Ribs Special (Muy Picante-it should come with some chap stick-But YUM!)I absolutley loved the Savoy cabbage slaw, black beens with maybe Cotija cheese on the side. Kept me cool! I had to take home half the ribs-happily to enjoy the next day! Oi vey! The starter we got was the Chicken taquitos and they were smokey & delicious and the presentation on everything was very beautiful and considerate...right down to the Kale Chips with my husbands Duck. He said it right when he said, "This is like the level of making Japanese or French food!" He was right. I just got back from Kyoto and so I had been eating the traditional Japanese food before they had Beef (1853?) and it's very sensitive and detailed. Much like French food, you must be precise or it will not come out right. Everyone LOVES Mexican food, and to refine it with the Ingredients, and edge of Modernity, by being green and Pro-Farmers; Rick Bayless has take Mexican food to the Top!! Chicago people who understand this are so lucky to live near this place. What a gem! I bet he could get a Michelin Star in his future.SUMMER MARGARITA!-Cucmbers!! Gotta get it!PS Wait staff was AWESOME. Water guy kept our glasses filled! My waiter helped me surprise my husband with a dessert that was SUPERB. Best experience. Oh and my kids loved their Queasadillas too! [even his rice is something to write home about-you gotta taste his Mexican rice!] His chips are hand made-you can taste it and he had two mild salsas for us a red and green Tomatillo sauce!(My fave!)Oh and the Price! For Drinks, Starters, Meals and 3 Desserts! Less than $30 a person!! That is AMAZING! It's a bargain for what quality you are getting!I keep wondering what is keeping me from giving this place 5 stars. The only thing I can come up with is that I am not burning to go back.A big tip, if you're dying to go here, they take reservations for parties of 6 or more.  That made the experience a lot easier that if we'd had to wait.  Though, I walked over from work and watch the line build and empty by the time we took our table at 6.  Granted, it was a Tuesday night.The meal followed the order of enjoyability.  By that I mean the cocktails were OUTSTANDING.  All we had were violet-hour-good.  However, they're mostly Tequila-based.  I'm sure you can guess why.  Next were the apps.  They were the next best.  The Tamale was excellent. Flavorful and not rubbery.  Queso Fundido was also great, but hey, it's spicy melted cheese.  We also had the guac and a trio of salsas.  The guac was good, but my wife makes better.  I suspect that most of the guacamole raves come from reviewers who haven't had much fresh guacamole.The main dishes were very good.  I had the Chiles Rellenos Special. They were good.  One was stuffed with cheese, the other with pork.  They had enough kick and tons of flavor.  My wife had the goat, which she loved, but I found the goat meat to be too stringy.  My mother-in-law and sister-in-law had the duck and both raved about it.When the dessert menu came, nothing jumped out, so we headed to Xoco.Service was good.  The waiter was knoweldgeable even about the cocktails, and described everything in a way that made you want to order 2. BUT drinks were dry by the time he came around for next rounds.  So, I'm glad I went, but I'm really not in a hurry to get back.  I liked everything, but I guess all the hype lead me to believe I'd become a Bayless Zealot too.  Or at least forgive his inflection (which I can't stand).  It didn'tgreat food, but a bit pricey for authentic Mexican food.so we started with Guacamole, typical starter for Mexican food, very well prepare.then I ordered a supposed to be a sparkling lemonade, but I think the sparkling part is too flat for my taste. but at least the lemonade is fresh squeeze.then I tried Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena, not as good as what I've eat before. then I have the Puerco en Mole Verde and top it with the desert Duo de Flanes, the desert is the best of them all :)I wouldn't wait for 6 - 8 weeks to make a reservation.During a weekend getaway, I had a most amazing saturday brunch @ Frontera Grill (and let me tell you, I am serious about brunch ... and well food in general)!  The wait was indeed 1 hr but so what, no problem.  We told them we'd be walking about town during that time and they simply said be back at a specific time to check in on progress.  Easy.  And the food: huevos rancheros verdes--  aaaamazing, truly.  Bright flavors, perfect portion size, fab ambience, fun music, and the staff was actually very nice and attentive.  I will return and plan to hit up fellow institution Xoco sometime for churros con chocolate.  I trust Rick Bayless with my appetite.Loved it! In Chicago for work, when dinner plans cancelled. Went alone to Frontera Grill and waiting about 30 minutes for a seat at the bar. While waiting I met two others who were alone and waiting for a seat, we ate together and shared some apps. Food was delicious. Loved the ceviche trio and the mole sauce was excellent. Had a cucumber mojito, which was completely refreshing on a hot summer day and also had his signature beer. Also fantastic. Worth the wait. I am actually going back tonight.Yes, finally our 3 month long reservation had come. We ordered the appetizer platter, had drinks, and each ordered a different entree. The sea bass and sucking pig were my favorites.  The price wasn't that expensive either, ~$60pp w/ tax/tip and drinking included. I would come again!Great atmosphere, and the enchiladas with mole sauce were outstanding. I had the anejo tequila flight, which was nice. Definitely check this place out!Great food tons of flavors. It's like an explosion in your mouth! We went on a Friday during lunch time and our party of five literally waited only 5 minutes for our table. Guess we were lucky!  Guacamole is excellent. Venomous beans is a must have. Quesadillas are nothing special and should not be ordered. Spend your money on something else such as the mole dishes. Michelada is spicy and good.I can't believe I lived in Chicago for three years and only came here during my last week.  Frontera definitely lived up to the hype.  We had dinner and drinks at the bar and basically asked the bartender to order for us. My favorite dish was the yellowtail ceviche and the champagne margarita was amazing. The service was excellent and we had a great time watching our neighbors ordering round after round of margaritas.Tomatillo salsa gets 5 stars for me alone. I ordered the Smoked Chicken Taquitos appetizer as my meal and they were delicious. Delicious chips and salsa! Long wait but worth it. Pricey for Mexican but not surprisingly so.I have never been to a upscale south of border restaurant that I preferred over a cheap hole in the wall but this had some pretty good food. I scooped up a bar seat luckily because there was a 45 minute wait. Bartender deff was a bartender and was making some solid drinks. However he was a little more attentive to the local ladies rather than my traveling lonely self. I spent $36 on 3 small plates. Pork Fundido was good but pretty rich cheese could have used more meat. This is something you want to share as I find it hard to finish all the cheese alone. Mushroom Empanadas crust or masa was nice and crispy and pretty good. Duck Tacos were darn good. Enough food by far for one person. Bartender told me they were pretty small but the duck tacos easily made three and maybe four. Could have done that and one app. Place was a little dirty for what I would expect from a well known place from the bathroom to the entire venue. Maybe is was just the old rustic building I don't know. I would deff go back on a trip to Chi to try some more things.This is one of the greatest mexican places I've been to in Chicago.. Its not your typical americanized mexican food though.. you can expect to get high end food here... but with that comes a high end price so bring your wallet!I started watching "Mexico: One Plate At A Time" over the summer and decided it was high time to go to find out what all the fuss is about!We started out with Topolo Margaritas which were very good, really smooth, tasted perfect.  For appetizers we had guacamole (very good) and my bf had the Gazpacho Fronterizo.... WOW.  That was amazing.  I wish I had gotten a bowl for myself.  It was so tasty and crisp, and thank god the recipe is online because I could easily have that with dinner every night.Main course: I had the Mixiotes de la Hortaliza which was spicier than I thought it would be (I'm not really into anything that hot) but it was really good.  I actually had a few of my bf's tortillas with it, which helped soothe my hot mouth and were actually a good addition anyway.  I mean, I would have eaten the tortillas by themselves...so warm and fresh, mmm! My bf had the goat special whose name I can't remember (and it's not on the website, but it was the Tuesday night special), and he really liked that as well.  We were pretty stuffed after that so we didn't have dessert but the menu looked really good.My only complaint: we knew ahead of time that we would be waiting, which was fine. The problem is that there really wasn't anywhere TO wait. Your options are to stand in the foyer or hang out at the bar and hope someone leaves. But they serve food there so most people are in for the long haul, and there's not a lot of room to hover and wait for someone to get up; the waiters are trying to serve and the bathroom is on the other side. A better flow of traffic and a traditional bar (drinks only, tables to stand at) would help immensely.  Heck, just buy up the rest of the block and expand all three restaurants.In town for business, and this was our last shot to try Frontera -- the gf is a huge fan.  The seating area had a 45 min wait -- seriously?  Luckily, a bar table was open and we swooped in.  So we'd eaten 6 times in the last 24 hours, so not too hungry, so we got the "must."  Which is the enchilada da mole.  Very smooth, smokey, with a little bit of kick.  By the sauce alone you can tell why there's the wait for the place, and why his "quick service" XOCO next door, had people out the door.  The sopes was good also, but not as special as the enchilada.  Topped off with a bit of tamarind cerveza and some other seasonal, mint margarita.... happy.Was here about 2pm on a Friday and easily got a seat at the bar. Enjoyed a michelada, which is fresh lime juice, house made bloody Mary mix, pacifico beer w a smoked salt rim, delicious. I only had time for a quick bite so I had the ceviche trio, delicious, Served w crunchy tortilla chips, it was a lovely snack that two could share.I really love watching Rick Bayless' TV show and enjoy his adventures and cooking. I was really looking forward to trying out his restaurant when I was in Chicago on business. I dropped by for lunch, and had the special. I had a tamale, black beans and rice; and maybe it is because I am from California, or maybe because of what I ordered, but I expected more. I think the food was a little bland, although, I know it has to be made for all to enjoy and I do like things a little spicier. The service was great and reasonably priced. Maybe I should have tried carne asada, or shrimp ceviche, guess I am just spoiled being from so calif.This restaurant actually borders on 5 stars, and although the wait can be prohibitive, it is well worth it. The roast pork in banana leaf is absolutely excellent and was perfectly done. It loses a star because the appetizer was somewhat lukewarm, although it did not detract from the overall flavor of the dish. It was an extremely creative menu and a restaurant always gains points in my opinion for having such creativity and pulling it off successfully.   The ingredients of each of the dishes that I had were perfectly counterpointed with each other, and the overall balance of flavors was excellent.Great place,  drinks and the food were good but lacked that touch authentic Mexican touch a bit disappointing the service  was excellent but have had tastier Mexican food and for half the cost.1.5 hour wait the other night for a table. If you have the time, its well worth it, one of the best meals we've had in a long timeThis has very good Mexican food and is upscale.  The only problem is that you cannot make a reservation and there is always always an extremely long wait.  If you're craving Mexican food, it's worth the wait.  Go early to get in at a decent wait time.Geeze, it's been a long time since I have been to this place. I do remember I liked it enough that I would like to go back and try it out again so I can update my review. I had tasty fish tacos.I have only been here one time, but it was one of the best meals I've ever had. There really is nothing that needs said about Frontera that hasn't been said before. If you've never been here, I suggest you stop waiting. Go, go go!Haven't been in a while, but this is a fine place to visit even when I don't have visitors from out-of-town. Not sure about the criticisms regarding authenticity, whether or not chips and salsa should be complimentary, and portion size, but my meals at Frontera have always been a delicious and satisfying experience. I'm only giving the place four stars because I haven't eaten at Frontera Grill proper since summer 2007. Since then, I've been getting my fix at Frontera Fresco.I arranged a friend's birthday dinner here.  I thought the food was fantastic...the guacamole was perfection, and my pork dish was delicious.  I even enjoyed my limeade (nonalcoholic) beverage.  I did, however, have to subtract a star due to the attitude of the staff, especially the hostesses.  I am a former hostess and I would never speak to customers in the way they spoke to me.  I would return again, however, just for that guac! yumm...This is definitely my new favorite place. Flavor Flavor Flavor from the Oh so delish Margaritas to the best queso fundido and Ceviche I've ever had. My server was incredible to the point where I felt like I was the only table he was waiting on. I was a special occasion for our visit( My birthday) and they sure went above and beyond. My boyfriend ordered the steak the server recommended and I got the Catfish. We savored every bite of our meal it was the most amazing dining experience I have ever had. If you love lots of flavor and great Margaritas definitely check this place out!Hands down, the best Mexican food for a restuarant of this category (I am not saying that the small joints all throughout the city are better or worse, they are just in a different class than Frontera Grill).  The flavors are amazing, and never a disappointment.  I can't recall each dish I have had here, but all have been as expected from Rick Bayless.  Yes, there is always a wait on Friday/Saturday nights (if you don't get there early enough, they may not accept more walk-ins), but it is a sure-fire win and worth the wait if you live here or if you've got out of town guests.My husband and I were very excited to try Frontera Grill. So, we wanted to make reservations but after reading that they had to be made so far ahead of time, we decided to just get there a little bit early and hope to be seated early. So, on a cold, rainy Saturday morning, we took a cab from our hotel and arrived at the restaurant at 10:15AM and there was already a line of about 20 people ahead of us. We were so excited for the food. The decor inside is cute--lots of oranges, purples and nothing too fancy. As soon as we sat down, we realized how quickly the restaurant filled up. The ambiance was ok--there was a lot of background noise-- but then again, the tables are so close to each other you can hear other couples' conversations. Our waitress seemed to have grown up in Mexico but spoke English fluently. However, she seemed overwhelmed. We asked fo hot sauce but it never got to our table. Now, for the food... we ordered the taquitos for appetizer; I ordered the tacos al carbon with the grilled skirt steak; my husband, the egg and sausage enthusiast, got the Huevos Estilo El Bajo. The taquitos were forgettable. My husband'sdish was submerged in a green sauce and was "sprinkled" with the chorizo. He also said there was some pungent cheese in the dish and he honestly did not enjoy it that much. As for the tacos, however, the meat was grilled perfectly, the tortilla was amazing and again, the red hot sauce is amazing. Lastly, we ordered dessert. I never get dessert and my husband only gets flan when he does, but, we decided that we wanted to try the dessert yesterday and honestly, it was by far the best dessert we've ever had. We had the chocolate cake with brownie chunk ice cream and raspberry cream. The cake was really very very light and fluffy and not too sweet. It was absolutely delicious and everything on the plate--from the ice cream to the raspberries were just as good. So, in summary, I would only give it 3 stars if it were just based on the appetizer and the entrees but seriously, the cake is worth an entire whole star by itself. Since my husband and I both liked the tacos so much, we figure that dinner might actually be more palatable for our tongues.this place loses a star b/c my serve was TERRIBLE. absolutely terrible that i want to say he was kind of racist. he went to all the tables around ours at LEAST 3 times before he would come to our table to ask if everything was ok. and we ordered appetizers, small tapa dishes, sides and entrees! but it was always someone else bringing out the food and it literally took 2.5-3 hours just to finish the meal b/c we spent probably 1.5 hours just sitting there waiting to be helpedbesides that though, the food was delicious. i would definitely come back here, no questions asked. probably go around 5 or a little before 5 though b/c i went at 8 and wasn't seated until 10. granted, it was a saturday night... anyway, i had the calamari ceviche and the chicken small tapa (REALLY good w/ the side of mexican rice that i got) and also was able to try the duck entree which i would say wasn't TOO great b/c the meat wasn't as tender as i thought it would be, but my bf really liked itEver since I came here with my family I was always looking for a reason to come back.  Last Thursday I finally had the chance.  The food is still as good as I remember, and a great place for a date spot.I've been trying to get here for years.  That being said my expectations were high.  We had an overpriced mediocre appetizer plate. The entree (the pork loin with mashed potatoes) however was scrumptious.  The Vida Margarita sounded great, but when I ordered it they were out of bitters:/  I tried a couple other margaritas and they were good.  The service was slow at best.  When we got there it was packed and we were quoted an hour to an hour and a half wait, but it only ended up being about half an hour.  So when all is said the entree won me over, thats why they got four stars.I FINALLY got to eat at a Rick Bayless restaurant, yes!  Was it all I had hoped for?  Pretty much.  But I can't quite give it 5 stars.  I have serious respect for Rick for being somewhat of a pioneer of Mexican fine dining, but I feel like a lot of what you are paying for is just that, the name.  The food was very good, but not out of this world.  The guacamole and salsas are delicious, as are the side plantains with sour cream and queso... creamy and amazing.  My flank steak and corn tamales entree was good, but the sweet corn tamales were a little too sweet for my tastes, though still good.  I felt the grilled knob onions were undercooked... they were still a little too crunchy, it wasn't enjoyable to eat them so I only ate one.  The steak was perfectly cooked, but not really served warm, and a little underwhelming.  Again, I felt like $30 for a small serving of steak just wasn't worth it.  I left feeling very full,  but something was missing... Next time I'll have to try the specials, as they are probably just that...... special!Service was good enough (though a little slow), and we were seated right away since we decided to sit outside.  All in all, I'm glad I finally went.  I really respect the use of fresh ingredients and authentic cooking styles.   I would go back for a special occasion, but until then my local taqueria will have to do!My favorite one of Rick Bayless' restaurants.Reservations have to be made months in advance, so my friend and I got there at around 4:45 and waited for an hour, but i don't even think the wait was bad. And to starts off...BEST margaritas! I ordered the chicken flautas in mole sauce...EVERYTHING IS GOOD!Why not 5 stars for this place that is all the rage? As delicious as our good was, it wasn't a complete 5-star meal. The service-fantastic. I don't know how we were able to "sneak" in a lunch in the is place as they started to close to transition for dinner, but we got lucky! The appetizer sampler was amazing, I'll take two next time and call it a meal. Our chicken fajitas were a bit, dare I say it, salty! It's true, they were. The dessert-a new one for me. Spiced apple sour cream ice-cream with goat's milk caramel. I know! Amazing too. The bill? Ouch! If the chicken was less salty I would give it a 5 and I figure since the price is high, I can afford to be picky.Since I mentioned Rick Bayless in my earlier review, it is only fitting to write my experience at Frontera Grill.  I visited the restaurant about a few months ago.  The place was extremely busy on weekend, and the walk-in wait time was well over an hour.  Love the Ceviche Trio.  It was a nice and refreshing start before the main entree.  The fish special was fresh and cooked perfectly.  The flavor was sublet and well balanced.  Unfortunately, I was too full from the snacks next door at XOCO.  I can't wait to come back for more.  Too bad I didn't get to meet the Top Chef Master.Finally made it to Frontera and it was everything I hoped and dreamed. Nice atmosphere and the food, well, amazing! We had the ceviche trio and it was wonderful. My friend swears by the Carne Asada Oaxaquena but I had the Tacos al Carbon with chicken and loved it. We got there at 8 and they told us it would be about 3 hours! We had a table in about 45 minutes though. And they don't accept reservations unless it is very far in advance and you have a party of 6 or more. So don't listen to these other people talking about reservations...When I came here a few years ago on a work trip to Chicago, I had no idea who Rick Bayless was. Now I know he is the man responsible for inspiring a new wave of Mexican cooking in America, has a cookbook, a television show (along with multiple appearances on other hit cooking programs), a line of spices and salsas, and is the executive chef and owner of Frontera Grill, established in 1987 and still pops up on the hit list of Chicago's best restaurants. Well, now his wife runs the joint, and she is doing an incredible job. This place is delicious! Bayless has an impressive menu, and having gone here with a large group of co-workers, not a single person was dissapointed. When I was here I had a Sea Bass dish, which now, looking back on the menu the closest thing to it is the Pescado en Crema de Calabaza: Wood-grilled day-boat catch (salsa negra glaze), spicy/smoky butternut crema. Roasted garlic spaghetti squash, lime-dressed arugula. I mean now doesn't that sound good?!Come on Rick, give NYC some love and bring us a restaurant!Really loved this place. Always hard to get dinner reservations, but lunch is a bit easier. It's a lot of your typical mexican dishes, but made in a different way, with different flavors mixed in, and different meats/ingredients. The menu changes seasonally, we had an early-fall one with great ceviche, guac and enchiladas. Rick Bayless was there eating, brain-storming, and having a staff meeting. A lot of his products have become commercialized, so it's nice to see him in the restaurant still. Great time, great drinks (really liked this fruit beer they had, it wasn't overly sweet at all), and great food. Can't wait to come back.Dinner at Frontera is just as good as brunch at Frontera.  Having been at Topolobampo (and experiencing first hand how ridiculous it is to get a reservation), Frontera is just as good of an option.  Get here early, be one of the first 30 people in line, and you're golden.We did a three course, prix fixe lunch during restaurant week.Shrimp flautasappetizer, pork in red mole and tres leches cake were all amazing.Couldn't finish it all and it was $22 for everything!The mole here is what you're coming for.  Order something with mole.  Doesn't matter what.  It will be good.Great place for lunch. I'd recommend going early to grab a table cause the wait can be long, or go to the bar cause it's first come first serve. Their mole (guacamole) is delicious and so is their margaritas! Both are definitely must gets!The atmosphere is fun. The food is mostly delicious. The drinks were yummy. The prices were reasonable for the quality of food. If you sit in the bar, you can eat off either the Frontera Grill menu or the Topolabampo menu which is great since you have to get reservations WEEKS in advance to get a weekend dinner table at Topolabampo. We ended up only ordering off Frontera Grill's menu. Most of the dishes we tried were very tasty with good blend of flavors and all were perfectly executed. A couple of dishes were just good and not fantastic (thus the loss of a star). Overall, I definitely recommend it.Brought a friend here from Mexico City who was - let's use the word skeptical - about what authentic Mexican food could taste like in the Midwest.  Boy did Frontera deliver.  Not only was he impressed with the inclusion of dishes he'd never seen outside Mexico, but felt the flavors were spot on with his home.  Great job!Created by celebrity chef rick bayless, everything is high end and delicious.  The portions are pretty small, but it is a really good time.  the atmosphere inside is very lively and colorful, and the drinks are great.  Try the chipotle bloody mary margarita,Ceviche.   Period.Pricy but definitely worth it. The waitstaff are virtually clones of Rick Bayless and give very detailed descriptions of the dishes. They very much make the dining experience one-of-a-kind. We normally don't order desert, but after a wonderful meal, we couldn't resist!This placed partially lived up to expectations.  Though I recommend sticking with what they are famous for, ceviche (Chamoy definitely), guac, and of course the mole...ahh mole.  Umm, yeah, I considered asking my date if I could lick the plate, the mole is ridiculous.   However, some of the other entrees were standard.The food here is very good, but I have to say that it was definitely not worth the 3 hour wait and the hype. Here's my take on the dishes we had.0. Sweet fried plantains - these were the best plantains I've ever had and the best of the dishes we ordered. They had a nice crispy exterior and come with homemade sour cream and fresh cheese.  Delicious! I could have eaten 2 or 3 orders of this.1. Guacamole - pretty good, with some sort of fresh red pepper mixed in, but it was a tad on the bland side. It could have used some salt and possibly some lemon juice. I like the guac at Qdoba as much or better. 2. Chicken taquitos - these were good, but not so different than your typical taquitos. They do come mounted on a nice little mound of guacamole which added to the value.3.  Falda Asada "Brava":    spicy serrano-marinated grass fed flank steak (from Bill Kurtis's Tall Grass) with spicy salsa huevona (hand-crushed, grill-roasted tomatoes, jalapenos). Grilled knob onions and sweet corn tamales (topped with homemade sour cream and fresh cheese).  29.00  I'm not a big steak guy, but this was pretty good. To be frank though, I enjoyed the sweet corn tamales more than the steak itself. It certainly wasn't worth $29.4.  Tacos al Carbon:  wood-grilled meat, poultry, fish or mushrooms sliced and served with roasted pepper rajas, two salsas, frijoles charros, guacamole and homemade tortillas.  16.50  We had these tacos with pineapple pork, but we could not really taste the pineapple and so I think these were fairly mediocre. The corn tortillas that accompanied the meal were good and fresh which I enjoyed. These were probably the 3rd best part of the meal (after the plantains and the tamales).No complaints; no accolades. This place was good, but far from mind blowing. Considering Frontera's prices and hype, I was hoping for more...Two thumbs up to their guac and margs. Be sure to make a reservation!Rick Bayless is a genius. Two of us ordered the shredded beef sopes, the goat cheese and barbacoa tamal, and the duck mole with winter vegetables. AMAZING, seriously. The flavors are delicious and the sauces taste so good. If you're a Top Chef (Masters) fan at all, you must eat here. Stopped by XOCO next door afterwards for some hot chocolate. If you know you'll be going here, make reservations about 6 weeks in advance. We managed to get a table and only waited 15 minutes, at about 1pm on a weekday.Okay for the amount I paid I would expect my food to be WARM. But unfortunately, the highlight of my meal there was seeing Rick Bayless.  Otherwise the food was OKAY. I'm a huge Top Chef fan, and I heart Rick Bayless, but the food didn't meet my expectations.  I just didn't think it was all that great. Wouldn't go back. Sad face, Rick Bayless.More like 3.5 stars. Let me start by saying that this was a place I have wanted to visit for years, so I had pretty high expectations. I'm sure dinner would be better than brunch. Ambience: Great Mexican cantina atmosphere. Filled up very quickly after opening. Very little space to wait inside.Service: Definitely a significant point for this place - all the staff from the front desk to wait staff to bar staff were all friendly and helpful.Food: We went for brunch but had made the mistake of seeing the dinner menu online which was very different (much more interesting and diverse). We had two mains with two desserts amongst three diners and it was more than enough. Some interesting flavors, but one dish had what were like nachos cooked in a chile sauce. The flavor was fine but the texture of mushy nachos was a little odd. The swordfish was okay - fresh and well prepared but not Earth-shattering. The desserts were better - a surprising tart with tomatillos of all things, but it worked marvelously.Price: About right.I will try to go back for dinner, but I'm hoping for better.One of my favorite meals ever. Went for lunch and had to come back for dinner. The sopes were delicious. The Enchilada Mole Pablano were incredible. My buddy had the Puerco Milanese lunch special. Outstanding! The wait at dinner was over two hours on a Tuesday night. I hung around the bar and found a spot. I met another solo diner and was able to try two tamales (yummy) chips and salsa (ditto) and had the Ribeye for an entree. Everything exceeded my expectations which were pretty high. It's a lot of money for "Mexican food" but not for a memorable meal. Highly recommended.I've never been truly impressed by the food at Rick Bayless's restaurants.  With that said, overall Frontera is good and I can see why people like it.  It is definitely 100 times better than his Los Angeles restaurant "Red O".  Frontera is Red O's older sister that is cool because she doesn't try too hard to fit in the with popular kids.  The wait staff is excellent.  The Toppolo Margarita is one of the best I've ever had (although not surprised at the quality of the drinks because that was the one good thing at Red O).  Mole sauce was a step better than the mole sauce at Red O, although I still wasn't that impressed.  Pork dish was really good.  I always end up liking the sides that accompany my dish better than the actual main ingredient.  The beans were just as amazing as Red O and the mashed potatoes were melt in your mouth.  We ordered two desserts - the flan and the bunuelos.  The flan was amazing but the bunuelos....wtf are these things....they are tasteless chips.  The bunuelos at Frontera are disgusting - that is one thing that Red O got right.I had know about this place for years before I visited, and I told myself whenever I'm in Chicago I'm going.  So I went and it did not disappoint, some of the best Mexican (of just food in my case) food I've tasted at at restaurant.  You can actually taste that the masa is made there!We all know about the food - its great. But to my surprise, they make the best gin & tonic I have ever had. They brew their own tonic and add other touches that blew me away.  I know they make killer margarita's, but take a break from the tequila and give this cocktail a try.Great spot.  Went with my girlfriend on Friday night.  Had a 1.5 hour wait but offered us some spots at the bar with no wait.  Enjoyed a couple margaritas, great quac and some good food.  Waiter with the handlebar stack knew his stuff too!Frontera Grill finishes my tour of everything Rick Bayless offers in the Chicagoland area. I'll have to say, I'm extremely impressed by Bayless' ability to deliver his culinary expertise in such different packages. I really appreciate the clear distinction as well between the different experiences and like aspects of each. Frontera offers a boisterous, fun, and casual dining atmosphere. I came in late on a chilly Wednesday night and although my party of 2 was sat immediately the dining room was still lively. We put together a meal of some of the smaller offerings and split an order of the vegetarian enchiladas. Everything was super tasty and stood out with the delicious sauces that is a signature of Bayless' cooking. For dessert we went with the pastel de chocolate and the hot chocolate. Although I thought the hot chocolate is done so much better at XOCO, the pastel de chocolate was a delicious and well-constructed dessert that I enjoyed more than any of the sweets offered at Topolobampo. Overall, I think Frontera is my favorite of the trio for it's blend of approachability and sophistication, but that doesn't mean I won't cheat on over to XOCO for the hot chocolate.Been here before and will be back again. In town for business and took some friends along for dinner and some blues. Yeah, there was the wait but my friends are into interesting beers and there were several on tap to try while passing time. When we were seated it was well worth the wait. Ceviche, Oaxacan steak and some sort of pork taco were the standouts among the excellent choices. Still thinking about the food a week later. Oh yeah, we're talking about two Arizonans and a Texan eating Mexican (inspired) food in Chicago. Tough crowd but we were all pleased.Food was ok, uneventful but my biggest complaint was the customer service.  When we went up to the counter to let them know we arrived, they acted like we were bothering them. We had to wait........and after 15 minutes or so they sat us at our table where we were forgotten about again.As much as I REALLY wanted to like this place and the food, it didn't happen.I cancelled my reservation for topolobampo.Some of the best Mexican food I've had outside of Mexico city. Expensive but worth every penny. I'm a vegetarian and was glad to see all the tasty vegetarian options.Lives up to the hype. Amazingly fresh Mexican. Entrees sizzle and melt in your mouth. Quality in Mexican food combined with innovative twists make this a must.  Drinks are perfection as well.  Best bet: sit at the bar. Your in the middle of it all, and hardly a wait there.Frontera is amazing, and there's nothing else to it. It's worth every penny.The service and atmosphere are perfect. The waiters there are incredibly adept at being constantly present and meeting your every need without being too visible or intrusive. The wait wasn't incredibly long since we knew what to expect going into it, and it was worth it in every way.I didn't taste a single thing that had an off flavor profile, bad texture, anything. We got a few of the samplers as well as guacamole and the salsa trio (and an extra habanero salsa at the recommendation of the waiter) and everything was amazing. We ate significantly less food than what was typical of us at a restaurant and for a nice change of pace we were perfectly sated afterwards- we had eaten just enough and were left only wanting more for the sheer desire to taste everything.The chocolate torte dessert was phenomenal. It was paired with a fresh mint ice cream. I will tell you straight up that I hate mint ice cream but this was fabulous and I wanted more.It was a wonderful way to end the night. I really look forward to going again.If you like hype and marketing this is the place for you. The reason I gave it two stars was the service was very good. Very attentive wait staff and knew the menu inside and out. The food.... meh at best. The only way to say it is politically incorrect but this is gringo food served to gringos and conceived by gringos. Rick may think he has "researched and experienced" Mexican cuisine but Rick has not lived it....Amazing carne asada. Great tequila bar. Expensive! Will come here again... on works' tab...Great food and great staff. We had an 8pm reservation. We arrived at 7:15 and had a seat in the bar. We were only half way done with our drinks when we were notified via text(great feature) that our table was ready. The service from the counter to the coat check to the table was excellent. The only thing better than the service was the food. My wife had the Friday special, a 20-hour-smoked Creekstone beef brisket, Oaxacan black mole, queso añejo mashed potatoes, and green beans. The brisket was extra tender. You have to be a fan of mole sauce to really enjoy it though. I am not. I had a trio of pork, chicken and steak with bell onions and peppers. I don't know what the dish was called on the menu because I didn't write it down and it's not on their website. The dish could easily food two people and was some of the best Mexican food that I've ever had. We started with chips and salsa and split an order of slopes but after not being able to finish the entree I regretted the appetizer decision. I only gave 4 stars because the tables were small and close together which made for a very loud atmosphere. We will definitely be back though. Probably for lunch though.No taste or sameness of taste is all I can say about Frontera. The guacamole was some of the worst I have ever tasted; had what my granny would have called a strange "Wang.". I ordered the street food trio, and honestly it all could have been the same thing presented differently. I did like the grilled corn. We walked next door to xoxo by which is another rick bayless restaurant and we wish we had eaten there!  it looked so much better.  Perhaps we need to give it one more try - but for the money, I'm not sure i'm willing to do that.Solid high end mexican.Yum yum yum. I have never had a bad meal here. Rick Bayless is the nerdy super-talented uncle I have been wishing for to make me yummy Mexican food. It may be kind of  pricey, but it's totally worth it.Nothing spectacular. Nothing vegetarian. The wait staff is pretty rude. The food wasn't great. If you're looking for good upscale Mexican go to Tepatulco.My wife and I came to brunch at Frontera Grill the day after Thanksigiving. We arrived at 10:30am to find a line at the door. Limited reservations mean that most seating is first-come, first served. We were promptly seated upon arriving and the fun began. Service was great throughout with prompt check-ins, water glass refills, thorough explanations of items and specials, and overall good attentiveness.Now, let's get onto the food. The fresh-squeezed OJ and spiced coffee (with brown sugar) was a great way to start the day. We then tried the appeitizer sampler platter which included the cheese quesadilla, chicken taquitos, ceviche, and jicama salad. Everything on the platter was wonderful down to the gaucamole. The quesadillas were not your norm, with wonderful corn shells turned over great cheese. Taquitos were great and the ceviche was prefectly marinated marlin on small corn chips. A great start. For entrees, the hot corn cakes with agave syrup were terrific and the sapitos offered three little cakes,each topped with different things. One offered great scrambled eggs, one was chorizo, and one was grilled chicken with tomatillo sauce. The only downfall to one was that the tomatillo sauce was ice cold when drizzled over the chicken which cooled things down a bit. Overall wonderful food.The mezcal margarita was great and the service through the mexican hot chocolate at the end was wonderful. Highly recommend Frontera for bruch for something a bit off of the beaten path!I am a huge fan of Rick Bayless. I love his approach to Mexican food and is passion always comes through in his interviews and TV shows. Having said that, maybe Mr. Bayless should spend a little more time in his restaurants and less time in Merida, Oaxaca, Mexico City ect. We Planned a trip to Chicago from the suburbs around the night at Frontera grill. We were very dissapointed in the level of service and the quality of the food. It hurts me to write this because I wanted so bad to love it. I wanted to see some things that I had not before, I wanted to have some eye opening experience. The whole "I never thought of that , or wow! thats how they do it!" Did not happen. Sad to say I can do better in my own home and I have not spent time learning from Elderly Mexican ladies who have learned from thier grandmothers and thier grandmothers and so on. In my opinion Frontera grill is dishonoring the very same Mexican cooks who taught Mr. Bayless all those cool tricks about Mexican food. I know he can do it. But I would like to see him hire a Kitchen Manager who can uphold the standard.A better meal could be had at Senor Behena's restaurant Real Tenochitlan. I Love you Rick but you need to Clean house In your restaurant.First had the queso fundito with chorizo.  The cheese was bland and utterly tasteless, the chorizo was asi-asi (so so)...Had the ribeye with achiote.  Decent but nothing special.  May be my own fault for not ordering  a mole or something more authentic.Would go back to try again if I lived nearby.If i have 1 day left on earth, this will be my last meal! that's all i can say. With a group of 4,everything we ordered was perfect. Perfect appetizers, perfect main dishes and perfect dessert. Seriously, this place is just simply perfect (on the food side)HOWEVER, big minus point is that the front desk staffs were very unfriendly. We waited for 2 hours to get seated, which was understandable because i knew how the place was so famous. But that doesn't give them an excuse of being a huge b_tch to us! I wanted to order a bottle of champaign to surprise my bf and paid at the counter so it's not included in the table bill that he paid. I asked them to help me pick out which one i should get. I asked a guy " which is the sweetest? I like sweet champaign" He said "they are all sweet" well, okay..so i asked " My bf likes dry taste, which one would you recommend?" then he said " they're all dry" really?? so they are all sweet and dry?? they are all the same??? really?? so why would anyone spend 200$ on one bottle when they're all the same?? seriously i needed help there that's why i asked. I was so annoyed by his ignorance. The girls there weren't that nice either. I know there were many people but wasn't it us who bring the money to the restaurant?? smiles would be appreciated.. thats it.. all i can say is that the food is from heaven! it's the best food i ever ate. but front counter service stinks! ( waiters are fine though)Rick Bayless, I love you.  Growing up in San Diego, I have had my share of Mexican food. After eating at Frontera, I realized that Mexican food is so much more complex than I ever imagined, or tasted, depending you think about it. This was like a religious experience for me. I will never look at Mexican food the same again. I want more! I have since then moved back to San Diego, and I can't find any restaurants that come close to Frontera. Rick Bayless, this is a plea, please come to San Diego, open a restaurant. Show us Californians how its done! PLEASE!I have a huge crush on Rick Bayless.  I already love Mexican food to begin with, and that man just knows how to do it right.  This place is seriously awesome.  The food is absolutely delicious, they have fun drinks, and it's not terribly expensive.  If you can sit on the sidewalk patio in the summer, it's just a perfect evening.  The downside to Frontera is no reservations - you need to come here on a night when you're prepared to wait 1 - 2 hours for your table.  Not bad on a summer evening when you can show up a bit early and just grab a drink and hang out for a while before dinner.  Tougher in winter because the very tiny lobby gets too crowded and it can be a bit miserable.  Point being, keep all this in mind - there are always so many tourists coming in there and getting shocked by the wait times, so don't let that be you.  Be prepared, but it is all so worth it for a little taste of Rick Bayless goodness.Guac very tasty and creamy. Stripsteak had great flavors. Had to add spice to it. Also a little chewy. Not bad for Mexican food. Crazy wait if no res. Went shopping for 1.5 hrs during wait. Don't hype it upIt has all been said already... but I love Frontera Grill! Hands down the best Mexican food I have ever had. We the the trio ceviche appetizer to start, which we liked but maybe because I had read so many rave reviews, it wasn't as mind blowing as I thought it would be. My boyfriend had the best dish of the night and it made the entire trip worth it... duck with mole sauce. WOW. That mole sauce is incredible. I had the wood grilled pork and that was delicious as well. And the black bean soup that came with it was amazing. Yum... I miss you already Chicago!Ok I'm a huge fan of Rick Bayless therefore I may have expected more, however I'll start w my complaints the enchiladas especial were so salty I had to send them back! I enjoy salt however the salsa the rice the black beans even the sopes would've been much more enjoyable without all the salt! I was also disappointed that when the manager gave us the bill all he said was "I didn't charge you for the enchiladas." duh I didn't eat them why would you charge me? What I wish he had done was ask for feedback why didn't I like them or say hey I tried them you were right the sauce was entirely made of salt not black beans something to show that they actually gave a damn about their guests experience. Also just another suggestion even if a guest is running towards the door with their screaming child, or if you don't agree with them that anything was wrong with the dish, make them an item they can take with them so they have an enjoyable last memory of the place. Positives I really enjoyed the guacamole and the sopes, I know I said the sopes were too salty but they were very delicious, our son also loved them! The red salsa was good, for children, it was so mild that our 18 month old son was drinking it! Sadly they didn't sell it in a jar we really wanted to buy some for him. My wife ordered the mole which has been One of the dishes by Rick bayless that I've wanted to try for the last 10-13 years and wow was it good!! Thankfully it was too much food for my wife to eat so I was able to have most of it! Perfection! So well balanced, I could eat that over and over again and not get bored! My favorite aspect was that unlike so many moles, no flavors over powered the dish. I've had too many moles where the flavors are so disconnected that you can identify all 21 ingredients and I've had others where one spice over powered the whole dish, however this mole was perfect! I honestly can't recall any ingredient it was just mole, as it should be! Our server was a very nice guy, though he kept calling our son she, he was quick to take our order and when we had to leave he quickly ran our card for us, he was also very apologetic about the enchiladas. I really appreciated that he tried to help me find an appropriate jarred salsa for our son. Over all I'm very happy I experienced Frontera grill, and had it been any other restaurant I probably would've been overjoyed and given it 4-5 stars. However since I was expecting more and know that they could've done much better, to know this just go to xoco, I will only give it 3 stars. I'm just very disappointed that they let me leave without trying to make everything better. Customers should never leave a place unhappy! On a side note as we rounded the corner we saw the line at xoco had disappeared so we went in and had the most incredible chocolates and churros! I thought I was too full, I guess not. Though we should've ordered 2 orders of churros since our son ate most of ours!Once again.....love my Rick Bayless.  Food is SOOOOO good! Know that this place gets insanely busy and you might be waiting for awhile.  Also note that ever since he won Top Chef masters that tools from out-of-town like to congregate here and do things like "take pictures of the menu".  All that aside, if you can ignore that, this place is golden:)From the margaritas to the food this restaurant was wonderful. Was in town visiting for restaurant week and although the wait was long the food was great. A must for travelers!Haven't been here since '98 nice to see nothings changed. after David Burke and topolobampo day prior should be in food coma. Not so much. guac, Ceviche trio, taquitos, lamb w/ red beans and super smokey tequilas ( not a mezcal expert, who knew ?)   Service is sick in the minutiae of regional Mexican food and booze. GO!!!Frontera Grill. You've seen it on TV, so if you are nearby, COME! Make sure you have a reservation or come early! I went on a friday night at 7:30 8pm and was on a list for a 2 hour wait. BUT!!!!! If you hang out by the bar and order some drinks, you can snag a chair at the bar and have dinner at the bar. I waited 5 minutes and got lucky. Drinks were pretty expensive, food was small portioned but very good. Dress code is nice casual.Eh must have ordered wrong stuff... Cocktails a 5 thoughThis place was delicious. Really really delicious. Had to wait a LONG time, but the margaritas were good enough to hold us over. If you make a reservation, do so well in advance! When we arrived, the bar was already full and we had a 2+ hour wait, so we ended up standing in the corner for most of it. If I recall properly (this was last summer), the wait was actually shorter than they told us. Either way, the food was amazing and I will definitely be going back (after making reservations, of course!).Amazing ummm, everything. The Guac, the margaritas, the after dinner alcohol infused coffee.  The mole was sweet. The ceviche was a total amuse bouche.  The service was great. I love when you have multiple people assisting one table.  I couldn't believe we just happened by luck to get there at 11:30...b/c by 12:15 the place was at capacity.  Everything was fresh and original...right down to the flan.  I would highly recommend this to anyone.Seriously, food was amazing. Took a while to get seated - but it's Rick Bayless' restaurant...  Anyway, they have some excellent beers and wines to go with their amazing food. I had slow-roasted pork and the wife had one of the special steaks. We both loved them. Most surprising, however, were the desserts. Wonderful. Don't forget them.We ventured to Frontera Grill based on other Yelp recommendations, and we were not disappointed.  The Agave Margueritas were spectacular and the service was great.  We went at about 5pm since the recommendations indicated that getting a reservation could be dicey, and I think that's a great idea.  Skip lunch and come hungry!  The flank steak with plantains was really tasty - if you like plantains, these were the best I have ever eaten.  My husband tried the sweet coffee and I had a hot chocolate for dessert.  We even got a brief glimpse of Rick, but he seemed to be headed on a mission.This is a case of high expectations + high prices + mediocre quality equaling disappointment.  Got the carne asada - meat was cooked just right at medium-rare, but it was tough.  As such, could not eat it alone, but had to slather salsa and accompaniments and wrap up in tortilla to make it tolerable.  If I'm paying $29.50, I expect a tender cut of meat, not meat that I subsequently need to dice up and bury in sauce and carbs!Amazing food! VERY long wait, but we knew this before we went. Tip: DON'T go to the bar and ask for "a glass of Merlot". They gave my husband a $17.00 glass of wine. At the table we found several great choices on the wine list for $10 or so. Other than that, it was a great time. We would go back for sure!I really want to like you. And maybe, if I ever got to eat at your place, I would. But I will probably never find out. You see, you don't take reservations for parties under 5 (at least that's what I've been told when I tried). This is frustrating when you really want to bring an out of town guest to this allegedly awesome restaurant, but don't want to make them wait TWO AND A HALF FRICKIN HOURS to do it. Maybe that wouldn't be so bad if your bar could accommodate us and the other 50 people waiting. I really want to like you but you make it so hard. Please reconsider this policy.This is a restaurant worth waiting for. If you call, you will always find it booked. Try to go to the restaurant and put your name on the waiting list to squeeze in. Best chance would be two people as larger groups you will wait longer for a table or you will need to do a reservation far in advance . There is a bar where if you find a table or bar space you can order food there. And yes, the food is that good. Anything on the menu is great so it is really about getting in. Another tactic is to try a little later to eat. Last seating at 11:00 pm so 9:30 on may be worth a shot. You can't come to Chicago without eating here!While I am the kind that generally likes to go to some interesting "hole in the wall", I am a fan of Rick Bayless.  Frontera Grill is very good.  I also have a bias, being originally from Chicago.  This is one of the places the restaurants that I miss now that I am in Mesa AZ.Love the food here.  My only issue is that I wish they would legitimately offer a reservation system.  They say that they only reserve a "limited number" of tables.  So you have to wait a really long time if you aren't lucky enough to snag a reservation.Came here for my first sit-down visit to a Rick Bayless restaurant. I was very pleased with everything that we ordered. Started off with the delicious Blood Orange Margarita, followed by the Trio ceviche sampler. The waiter was kind enough to drop off some extra chips for us without being prompted. I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano, which I thought was pretty well-balanced. Adding Rick's Red Pepper Hot Sauce gave it the perfect amount of kick. My friend ordered the steak tacos, which came with some awesome gourmet toppings. Finished it off with the Mexican vanilla ice cream (with rum) and hot fudge topping. As we were eating, we got to sneak a peek of the legend himself talking to a few employees in the back by the kitchen!Left very satisfied. My only concern was that I couldn't stop eating the food before I was too full. So good!We arrived there a little after 7 pm on a Thursday night and the place was very crowded.     This was our first time visit and we decided to wait for an hour to get seated.  We ordered trio sampling of ceviche as an appetizer.  For the entrees  we ordered grilled mahi mahi, red chili marinated  pork loin, and red chili grilled rib steak.    The ceviche tasted very fresh . The grilled rib steak was perfectly cooked as we ordered and was very delicious.  The grilled mahi mahi had great flavor.  Overall, the food was good and the service was excellent.  However, there was no entree that was exceptional for us to wait for an hour to dine at this restaurant again.Last October, my 16 year-old and I visited Frontera for the first time, and we were smitten.  E. was dubious at first, but by the end of the evening was raving and declared it worth standing in line for.  He was so enthusiastic about it that we took the whole fam - plus the eldest's girlfriend! - this past Saturday.  Like E., everyone else rapidly agreed that it was worth standing in line for a table, even after running all over the city all day!Our server's name was Pancho, and he was wonderful.  His warm demeanor and obvious pride in the place made him a delight, and made it very easy for T., the eldest's girlfriend, to ask him questions about the menu.  He suggested we start with the Sopes Rancheros, and T. also chose the Queso Fundido de Borrego.  Both of these dishes were so complex and tasty, we ended up sad that they were only appetizers, we could have easily eaten more of those.My Blood Orange Margarita was a sweet and refreshing delight, and I found my husband's CBG interesting and tasty. A. and T. had Scarlet Waves, which were fruity and delicious, and E.'s Limeade was tart and crisp.A., E., and I all had Tacos al Carbon - A. had the duck, I had the pork, and E. had the beef, and we all passed bites around.  The duck was so tender and juicy, I was ready to hop over the table and steal my son's dinner.  My pork was perfectly seasoned, moist, and delicious.  E. was very pleased with his tender, melt-in-your-mouth beef, gorgeous and a little sweet.  Pancho was very observant, and kept bringing fresh tortillas unbidden.  We appreciated his careful attention.T. chose the Enchiladas de Norteños, stuffed with zesty shredded beef, covered with a rich sauce, creamy cheese, and garnished with onion straws.  It was a little spicier than what she usually eats, but she tucked in with gusto, exclaiming gleefully with every bite.My husband had the Pollo al Cascabel, and was blown away.  The chicken was tender and succulent, and paired incredibly well with the hazelnut sauce.  Seriously, hazelnuts and chicken?  Wonderful together.In spite of being stuffed to the gills, we did have dessert:  Pastel de Chocolate y Cacahuate for A. and T.; Capirotada de Pascua for hubby and me; Duo de Flanes for E.  I also had a cup of Cafe de Olla - sweet and fruity, with no need for additional sugar, and no need for milk at all.  We passed the desserts around the table, and marveled at the richness and complexity of all of them.It was T.'s very first visit to Chicago ever, and adding a visit to Frontera made it even more exciting.  You WILL wait to be seated, and if you're foolish enough to show up after the first seating has begun, you will wait A LONG TIME.  Patience will pay off, however, with some of the best Mexican food you're ever likely to find this far removed from Mexico.Overhyped. Nice decor, but salty tasteless food.Yum! I came with a group and couldn't get a table at 6 on a Thursday. We quickly found seats at the bar, were helped by staff soon thereafter, and enjoyed a freshly prepared smorgasbord of Mexican delights. Vegetarians and omnivores alike will enjoy this restaurant!I love the Rick Bayless seasoning sauces from his restaurants. I have several of these marinades for all kinds of meat and am a huge fan. This being said, this is the first restaurant that I have eaten at that belongs to him. We came on a Tuesday night, and we didn't really have to wait too long. There are two sides to the restaurant when you enter - it looks like a diner on one side and the other side is more cozy and intimate. We got seated in the cozy and intimate side for our group of 4. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and helpful with recommendations. I started out with the Topolo Margarita, and this was absolutely delicious. The mango guacamole was quite tasty as well. I like the hint of the mango as there were pieces mixed in. I ordered the Fish in Yucatecan Pipian. My friends ordered the Duck Enchilada, Duck in Tamarind, and the Old School Frontera Trio. My fish dish was absolutely awesome. I love spicy and this totally hit the spot. I tried all my friend's dishes and they were very flavorful and yummy. The handmade tortillas are also really good here. We finished the night off with the Chocolate, Peanut & Mango Cheesecake along with the Date & Coconut Cake. Both were very rich and decadent. I loved the textures and combination. My only complaint is portion size. I was afraid that I'd have to eat something more at home if I didn't get dessert to fill me up. Well, I do think it is a little pricey as well. I would definitely consider this more of a gourmet Mexican meal. If you are looking for cheap eats, this wouldn't be it. I would love to come back and highly recommend for the complex flavors of the food.On my business trip to Chicago, had to try Frontera Grill after seeing reviews on yelp, and I must say I was not disappointed.  Most mexican restaurants to present there food on the higher end disappoint because Mexican food is usually very simple food and sometimes fancy does not make it better.  This place is the exception.  While staying true to tradition, there is a bit of upscale to the menu, and it is amazing.  It was extremely busy at the bar, and still got dinner a very fast pace, and service was exceptional.  The chocolate pecan pie was amazing.  Can't wait to try Rick Bayless other restaurants as well.Don't give many 5 stars but Frontera Grill deserves one in my book.  Outstanding flavors, good service and decent value make this place a culinary home run.Was in town for a conference, and stopped by here in a whim for dinner.  The wait was over 2 hours for a table, but luckily, the server told me that they have open seating by the kitchen counter.  Within 5 minutes, I was seated and ready to eat.  Had seen Rick Bayless on top chef master, and was always skeptical about really how good his mexican cooking was. after all, he still is a white guy cooking Mexican food.  I started off with the frontera ceviche, which comes on top of tortilla chips.  I thought the ceviche was perfectly seasoned versus a lot of places where they put way too much citrus.  The meal was off to a good start.  Wanted to taste as much as I can, so I settled for the mole trio.  I think I remember mole sauce was one of his specialties.  The first of the three was the pork in clemole - the pork was extremely tender.  The dish kind of reminded me of a less soupy chili.  I love chili, so no complaints there.  The second trio was the mole poblano enchiladas - thought it was good.  I honestly haven't had a lot of experience with mole sauce, so I thought it was good, with the right amount of sweetness.  I think this is like the most common type of mole sauce.  The third trio - local vegetables in green mole sauce was by far my favorite.  I think the vegetables were potatoes and squash when I had went (not sure if it varies).  Ended the meal with the chocolate pecan pie.  Wasn't too sweet, and was a really good way to end my meal.QI was just hanging out having a cocktail when the manger came up and said you have waited too long for your app. It is on the house. That is customer service at its finest!Despite the long wait to get a table, it was well worth it as this restaurant does not disappoint! The dishes are complex blends of different flavors and textures that combine to form a beautiful plate. Gf and I had guac and chips, enchiladas and a mole dish with a side of rice that might have been the best Mexican food we've ever had. Also, got the treat of being seated 2 tables away from Mr. Bayless himself!After looking forward to going to Frontera Grill for weeks we finally made it there on 9/28/2012; you ever wish you could have a 'DO OVER?"... well this was my I wish I had a DO OVER!First they sat us at a small cramped table next to a table of 16 men celebrating a birthday...we shared the same server needless to say we waited 15 mins to place our order, 10 mins to even get water and soft drinks and another 20 minutes to get our food -- I wish I had followed my boyfriend's suggestion to leave but we stayed.  The food was absolutely horrible (the chicken tamal taste old and spoiled), the service was the worse I've had in years BUT the recurring trips to the restroom for the next two nights were the only bonus! I lost 3 lbs! Thanks Frontera...I can wear those skinny jeans now.Take my advice -- go somewhere else...Havana is down the street -- try them.We love Rick after market products. However, after visiting the restaurant on Clark street, I would not return!  The food was very good and the service was excellent. However, the price to portion was terrible. Way over priced for what you get. No wonder the PBS series failedGreat lunch here.   Had the tacos al carbon and a blue agave margarita.   Well worth the trip!love this place, worth the wait though if you go early enough you don't have to. We had the best little plates--beef, chicken, beans. GREAT decor, staff, fresh tortillas, wonderful desserts and drinks, whether margaritas or coffee with chocolate. worth EVERY penny and more, no other Tex Mex place is like the real oaxacan food.Honestly - was SOOOO excited for this meal. I was in Chicago with my boyfriend last Veteran's day weekend, and we decided to splurge on this meal. After being snubbed by a stuck up host and told we would need to wait two hours, we actually were pleasantly surprised to have been seated in about an hour. After all was said and done, it was a total letdown. Never regretted spending $150 more. Let's go through it step by step:1. Chips and salsa - the chips were decent, you could tell they were freshly made. That's pretty much where it ends. The salsa was bland! I've made better salsa at home.2. Guacamole - B-L-A-N-D. not a chili pepper in the whole dish. Onion was used for garnish, not flavor. We used the lime garnish off our drinks AND added salt just to make it edible.3. Mole enchiladas - one note - sweet. No depth to the flavor, barely any spice. Any good mole is supposed to be a revolving flavor experience (sweet, spicy, creamy savory). Not this sauce. It wouldn't have surprised me if someone said it came out of a can. or jar. Not to mention - the chicken inside the enchilada was not seasoned AT ALL. It basically tasted like it had been boiled and shredded. Our local family mexican restaurant in Long Beach makes better mole.4. Steak - ok, nothing amazing. It was cooked properly. Definitely better than the mole (although we've already established that bar was pretty low). This steak came with another salsa - tasted like it may have been a fire roasted tomato salsa. It was ok, but also bland overall. Needed some heat. The best thing on that plate was the sweet corn tamale. That  being said, it was only marginally better than the sweet corn cake you get with every meal at an El Torito in California.5. Dessert (yes we ordered dessert - still waiting for the magic to happen) - chocolate pecan pie. Utterly forgettable. Clawingly sweet. Dry crust. So sad to have walked away from this meal with this experience. Based on this, we would never eat at a Rick Bayless restaurant again. At the very least, the food should be on par with your average family mexican restaurant on the west coast. Considering the price point and the reputation, it should have been amazing. It was not.Honestly, before visiting Chicago, I never heard the name Rick Bayless. I had heard of his brother, Skip Bayless, the generally disliked and criticized sports analyst. But with Rick's name splattered all over the place and on the hotel information TV channel, I figured we had to try it. We attempted to visit late one evening but left when told the wait was about 2 hours (at 9:30 on a weekday). Never mind that there was no one waiting and about 3 tables were empty on the patio. We came back at noon the following day and were seated right away in the casual side labeled Frontera Grill. Immediately I suspected the food quality to drop significantly for Frontera patrons rather than Topolobampo customers.  We ordered the chips and salsa which were a good representation of Mexican flavors and were fairly authentic. They served a verde and a red salsa.We ordered three plates to share. First the grill roasted corn with Serrano cilantro mayo and cheese. Sounds fancy, but it is basically a lot of cilantro and tiny bit of Serrano and mayo in a food processor. It had zero spice or heat which means there was little or no Serrano added. This was slathered across roasted corn-on-the-cob and sprinkled with queso fresco. It was just okay but only $4.50 so I can't complain there.Next was the sopes rancheros; "crispy" corn boats with beef, tomato, and avocado. What it really was? Four bite sized soggy corn boats with shredded beef covered in red chile/tomato sauce with mini specs of avocado. They tasted alright, but definitely not as advertised. You get overwhelmed by the thick corn masa.Finally, our last small plate was the Chicken in Poblano Crema. Grilled chicken with roasted poblanos and potatoes in homemade sour cream sauce. What it really was? Flavorless small chicken cubes, with large chunks of potato, mixed with tons of spinach (where was that in the description, Rick?), and about 3 or 4 tiny strips of poblano served in a 4-inch by 2-inch mini skillet accompanied by 3-inch mini corn tortillas. You can make about 4 mini soft tacos but that's it. I would say about 65% of the skillet was spinach. I spent my time searching for chicken, finding a piece, and then realizing it was a potato. The sour cream sauce was bland. You want this at home? Cook 1/3 of a chicken breast, cut into cubes. Cut potatoes in bigger cubes about 2 to 1 in number to the chicken. Grab a handful of spinach. Cut 4 pieces of half inch by half inch poblanos. Mix sour cream with chicken broth. Mix all ingredients, put in oven until potatoes are soft. Enjoy.I've eaten at many very nice and expensive restaurants in many different cities throughout Mexico. Frontera flavors are NOT authentic. Either Rick Bayless is in it for the money, or he only puts effort into his Topolobampo restaurant.Regardless, I don't see any Bayless restaurants in Houston, Dallas, Las Vegas, Miami, etc. etc. where Mexican food is well known and very popular--might be a clue.im actually a big fan of this place for a few things...1.  the expectation that a real well known chef in chicago is going to deliver a solid meal2.  the hope that maybe one day i actually grow a pair and go to topolabamba3.  the jicama salad4.  the huevos rancheros or any breakfast option they havei guess what id do if i was you..is sit in the bar area..its double the size of the dining room and its first come first serve..the chips and salsa are a 4 star..but they do not ever give you enough...i am a huge fan of any breakfast dish they cook there and you must get the jicama salad..its perfect spice..the drinks are pretty small..but the ice tea is good...its a loud and energetic atmosphere and i nominate the waiter that i always get for one of the best in chicago...once i figure out his name i will throw it up here..he's top notch..the decor is cool...the menu is small but its a secondary restaurant to its mothership downstairs..i cant speak for that since i havent been yet..but i hear that its really good..dont go here for tacos..i made that mistake one time..they are overpriced and small...but do come here to try their dishes from the yucatan..these are actually good.Went to Frontera last week and I will break it down Positives: Server was great very attentive quick to get our drink orders, Drinks were expensive but worth the $10 price tag We had a table of 6 people we ordered 3 entrees and 8 small plates/appetizers , we made it a point to attempt to try all styles food, entrees we had the Atlantic salmon which was OK but small and I have had better many other places, the chili rellanos - the server saved some of this "special dish" for us I wish he would not have the breading on the outside was bland and flavorless, and the 3rd entree was the enchiladas not very adventurous and mediocre at best. For the small plates we tried everything ceviche's, queso fundido's, duck carnitas, every salsa they had and a few other things which I forgot meaning they were not very memorable. I consider myself a foodie who enjoys a good value and while I did not think the food was necessarily overpriced I did think it was over hyped nothing stood out about this place and for the price it was not worth it. It is packed with tourists and people who drive in from the burbs Save yourself the hassle and take the time to research some Mexican restaurants around Chicago that are not downtown there are many better options for much better prices.The food was great, but the service was terrible.  The hostesses lied to us about our wait time, over and over -- it took over four hours before we got seated.  Two hours in, we were having a great time at the bar down the street and they rushed us back saying that "our table" is finishing up.  "Our table" proceeded to finish up for another 2 hours.  Once we got seated the waiter was a douchebag, who would only recommend the most expensive dishes.  Also, he tried to charge us for over $40 of apps that we did not have.  Frontera ruined what should have been a great night with friends.Food was good - I had their crevice trio and a burrito with goat meat.  Do not order a Vampire bloody marry, it tastes like a sudden decrease in salary.  3 stars for waiting time.  It was ridiculous (and took 3 hours) since they do not take reservations.  Interior is beautiful and the staff is OK.  Try this place on a weekday perhaps.After securing a reservation months in advance, I dragged my family out into the snow for our first Frontera experience. Two nights before Christmas I expected a massive crowd, but the cold must have kept people home. Wusses! We were seated about 20 minutes after our reservation (no big), and the gastric fun began. Between six of us, we tried many menu items, and not a single one disappointed. The star of the show was the duck mole and the roasted suckling pig. What the hell is a suckling pig anyway? Delicious, that's what! The only thing standing in the way of a perfect rating was the service, which wasn't bad, but didn't have any sort of "wow" factor. Having never been there, I was looking for a little guidance and enthusiasm. Our server answered all our questions, but we could see we were kind of on our own. No one at the host desk for quite a while as I did my search for the restroom, and no one to say goodnight as we left. Clearly, the kitchen pays attention to the little things; now the front of the house needs to follow their example. Overall, fantastic food that will bring me back again.You cannot beat the food and the service.  You think you know Mexican food until you come here.  Every bite melts in your mouth with flavors that blow you away.  I always take out-of-town guests here, and I've never heard anything except "Holy c&%4, that was AMAZING!"  Plus the margaritas are simply delicious (they go down a little too easy).  There's a reason Rick won the James Beard Award.Upscale Mexican. Yes, it exists. And now, welcome to tequila heaven. They have about 20 or so to choose from. If you're looking for straight up, I recommend the El Tosoro Añejo. MUCH cheaper than the Patron and just as smooth. As for dishes, many are good, although I have had a few misses here. My fav is anything with mole. That sauce is just chocolate, spicy goodness.Everything from the chips and guac, my enchiladas with chicken and the oh-so-money mole', to my friends' dishes (tamales and steak) were all great. The Cucapa' beer brought all the flavors together. The only bummer is that the special hot-sauce bottle flavor that is on the table is not available for purchase, though they have a few other options that are.I went Frontera while on a business trip to Chicago. I asked friends who had dined in the Chicago area for restaurant recommendations and there was a consensus pick; Frontera Grill was one of THE places to dine at. When I spoke with the concierge at my hotel, he was quick to say Frontera's reservation queue runs well in advance of a month. Undeterred my bosses and I decided to test our luck on a late Tuesday night and we were able to be seated at Frontera. 1) Service - our waiter was a true gentleman and class act. He was attentive and quick to help us refine our choices. Great services overall. 2) Drinks - we all had negra modelos which is never a bad choice. 3) Food - definitely the reason we came and definitely the reason why my group and I were disappointed. Nothing about the food stood out - yes it was "good" but hardly worthy of the warning of a "30 day waiting list for reservations" and the consensus amongst my friends. I had the tacos al carbon, while the others in my group had the carne asada and pescado a la veraniega. We all agreed that the food was fine, but we didn't understand the hype surrounding the place. Maybe it was the luck of the draw or maybe Frontera's reputation has more to do with Rick Bayless than the actual quality of the food. In either case, I was disappointed given how excited I was to dine here. I wouldn't discourage anyone from coming here because there are many other appealing dishes, but I would encourage everyone to avoid deluded expectations.All this place is another "chevys" restaurant like in california. The food is tasty but not worth the prices. keep in mind the menu is different from topolo, so when the reservationis ask you "1st seating" , say no and ask for topolo. also they dont carry a full bar. expect, beer, tequila and margaritas only. we had to go to Sunda for "real" alcoholic beverages!As mentioned in other previous reviews, Frontera Grill totally lived up to the hype in my book.  I went a couple months ago for brunch, which I'm not much of a brunch fan and I still think of it to this day as an amazing meal.  Simple plating but the flavors were not, they were complex, well thought out and just plain delicious!  Oh and the drinks....make sure you order one!  I had a blue agave margarita and it was so fresh and well mixed that I can still taste it.  Wish I lived in Chicago so I could frequent here more often.We always came here for dinner.  It was my first time to come here for lunch yesterday.  We had the set lunch menu, with soup, a choice of the main Tacos al Carbon dish and dessert.  The tortilla soup was excellent.  The grilled meats (tried the duck and pastor style pork) were tender and flavorful - excellent.  We did have 2 margaritas each, and that is where they get the big bucks at a steep almost $14 per glass. So we paid more for the alcohol.  But the drinks were well worth it. :)  We always keep coming back to this place for the consistently good food, great ambience and excellent service.This place is simply AMAZING!!  I took a group of very important clients here for lunch last week and the food was nothing short of fantastic.  Simple Mexican done right.  Everyone enjoyed and left feeling extra full and that we just enjoyed one of the best meals of our livesSince it was restaurant week, a few of us ordered off that menu, including myself.  To start, I ordered a round of chips and guac for everyone, of course.   They use sundried tomatoes instead of fresh in their guac, a true delight with a little tang.  Then, those who didn't order from the restaurant week menu shared a variety of apps from the appetizer sampler, while those of us that did savored the most delicious chicken tortilla soup you'll ever eat.  A flavorful tomato broth filled with gooey cheese and chicken at the bottom, and topped with lots of thin tortilla strips.  Just AMAZING.  One of the most indulgent and tasty dishes I have ever had.Then, on to lunch.  For me, I split steak and pork tacos with someone else.  I always love to get a taste of as many dishes as possible!  The meat was cooked to perfection.  The steak was full of flavor and the pork was cooked with bacon, pineapple and onions - a wonderful mix of sweet and savory.  I finished my entire plate - beans and all! For dessert, we all shared the chocolate pecan pie bars that came from the restaurant week menu.  When I say they were incredibly delish, I mean it!  The chocolate at the bottom of the plate added a yummy compliment to the rest of the pecan pie, and it was all topped with fresh whipped cream.In addition to the food, the atmosphere at Frontera is truly a delight as well.  Colorful with Mexican artwork posted all over the walls.   A surprising mix of almost club-like music playing on the speakers.  The service was generally good, although our waiter was a bit slow.  Otherwise, a complete solid experience that I continue to savor a week later.  This was definitely a memorable meal - one I will carry with me forever, and continue to work off at the gym!!THE best!! A must hit when in Chicago! Rick Bayless is a genius! He's often there working hard in the kitchen and walking the floor. It is near impossible to get a reservation form 6 weeks out, however, you can show up and wait in line on Fridays (maybe other nights as well, you may have to check that one...) for when they open the doors at 5p. Well worth the wait in line! Now, all you have to do is figure out what incredible item to devour, but i bet you order more than one thing!Totally worth the wait!  Snuck into the bar and sat at a teeny-tiny tall top without much of a wait on a Wednesday evening.  The service was great, waiter was very helpful and entertaining.  We started off with the guac, yum!  Nice bright, fresh flavors.  I had the chef's daily special, roast suckling pig in banana leafs.  So tender and flavorful, the tortillas (house made?) were fantastic.   Coworker had the chicken mole and also loved his meal.  I would go back in a heartbeat, a really wonderful meal.Got there a little before five I was scared that we wouldn't get seated for a while cuz of the long line but we were seated forty mins after opening...Hostesses are a bit snobby but our waiter made up for it...Highly recommend trying the guacamole...Had the duck breast tacoes and the angus steak... Both were good... The plantains that come with the angus steak were delicious!!!Do I really need to say how fab everything was? The guac is still as good as it gets. LOVE!Its good food!Sometimes it's hard to rate celebrity run restaurants.  You go in with completely different expectations than your typical neighborhood place.  The food may be better than most, but is it possible to live up to the hype? The service, guacamole, tres leches, and cocktails were outstanding.  The  entrees were tasty, if not great. I would avoid the oysters.I came here for my birthday last year and had a great time. The food was so terrific. I live in Los Angeles so you know that we have no shortage of great Mexican and Central American places. I tried to go back for lunch but alas they were closed on Mondays and it was my last day in town. So I had to go next door and cry in my scotch at the Tumble Inn.( Not really the name of the place but they left the signage up after they finished shooting the Dillinger film here.)Sooo when I think of Rick Bayless, oysters don't come to mind. But, wow...I had some outstanding oysters at Frontera Grill last night. The mignonette was delicious. Everything I have had at Frontera Grill has been delicious and interesting and fresh. Kudos to Chef Bayless for his creativity and his commitment to keeping a high standard for Mexican cuisine.We lucked into a Thursday night reservation otherwise we would not have been able to get in. The food and service were wonderful and the pre-dinner cocktails were awesome as well. Can't say enough good things about this place. Delicious.Hands down the most disappointing meal I have ever had. This place is the pf changs of mexican food.Came here a few months ago after hearing how great it was (Rick Bayless did win Top Chef Masters, as I was told), and since I was feeling homesick (I'm from Austin, tx) and really really wanted some good mexican food, decided to give it a shot. I came here with two friends and we were all less than satisfied upon leaving.Their margaritas were pretty good, I will give them that.Anyways, we ordered the appetizer sampler which came with guac, empanadas, jicama, and some other unmemorable things. It was alright, but not great, the empanadas tasted one step better than stuff from the freezer section of the grocery store.The real disaster came when I got my entree, the mole duck breast with corn fritters. When it came out everything just looked limp and sad (I questioned whether it had been sitting under a heat lamp). I had a bite or two and it was not good. The texture of the duck was meh, the mole was too too sweet, with no flavor, and the fritters were soggy. I was willing to give it a few more bites before giving it it axe, but at the next one, I chewed into something that had the texture of what I can best describe as a thin rubberband so I spit it out. Upon inspection of all the other slices, I noticed this thick white ribbon going through all of them (what I assume was just really thick silverskin) so when the waitress came back, I told her about it and she took by plate away and didn't charge me for it (which was very nice, I will give them that as well). Any legitimate restaurant should know to remove silverskin from meat before cooking. Even though she took the duck off our check, we still ended up paying about $200 between the three of us in the end. There are much better mexican places around town at cheaper prices.I'm hoping that the reason it was so disappointing is that Rick Bayless is doing so many other things that he doesn't have time to check the quality of all his restaurants regularly and not that he doesn't know how to make mexican food worth shit.I can never tire of this colorful sumptuous place.  The ceviche is tangy and balanced with the freshest of fish.  The sauces are always deeply intriguing.  How can you resist the blood orange margaritas, even if they kill you at $12 a pop.  We had sopas with braised beef and goat taquitos that were a great counter to the bright ceviche.Pretty disappointed with our experience. The service was poor and the kitchen was unbelievably slow (we waited an hour between our apps and our entree). The food however was fantastic, but you expect the total package at this price point  (especially on a Thursday at 7...). I wouldn't recommend it considering the cost.Chef bayless is a genious. Waited an hr to be seated and it was completely worth it. I strongly suggest going for the trio ceviche....fresh fish that melts in ur mouth with delicate mango glaze and fresh lime. The sweetness completely balanced the acidity. Perfect start to the meal.Did not live up to the hype. Got there early and waited outside till they opened and was sat promptly as promised. Food was so so. Nothing special. I had the duck and son had shrimp. Adobo Grill is much better choice for the money. Service was good and the waiter knew about all the dishes. Will not be going back.Frontera has always been incredible.. the decor, food, service... TOP notch!! I'm not impressed by television personalities, but this is an incredible place. margaritas were great, ceviche incredible, Rib-eye steak Kudos!!! Thank you Edgar for a tremendous experience.delicious entrees and interesting appetizers make up for what in my mind seems to be a mildly overpriced dining experience (the place is starting to have a "branded" feel and the staff is regularly overwhelmed). dining outside for lunch can be fun on a nice summer day.bottom line: good food, but don't forget your patience or your wallet.Is it good?...yes. Is it 2 and a half hour wait good?...not at all.  Ok, so we went last night and waited for over 2 hours (we knew that from other reviews).  Once we were seated we thought we were going to embark on a wonderful dinner. Not so much.  Our service was marginal, as our waitress barely ever stopped to see us.  I had the pork tacos, which were decent and my wife had the flank steak which was also just alright.  She was not feeling well and had hoped to take it home, however the busboy had other designs.  He picked up the plate and stacked other plants on top of it before she could even ask him to wrap it.   To top off the experience we ended up having some "regulars" sit next to us.  They had every single employee in the place come over and talk to them, which I can actually respect.  What bothered me was that everyone figured they could lean on my chair, which I did not appreciate.  Apparently nobody cared since we were sitting next to preffered customers.  Overall, I feel that the city has much more to offer at a better price.  I would choose Los Napoles in Lincoln Square any day over Frontera.There's a lot of hype behind this place, almost too much.  Very long waits, & it seems like this restaurant needs to be in a bigger space.  The open kitchen isn't doing it for me (see Vivo), and while almost every part of this menu is fantastic it does fall short one front.  Unless I'm missing something culturally, why are there no pitchers of sangria on the main dining room menu?? With Ceviche & Tapas (I think he calls them Pallatos Pequenos, or something) this would be a perfect pairing, no?I went to a special event here about 2 weeks ago, and I gotta say, it's a great place to be!. the hor'deurves were plentiful and feeling, hell I had already had dinner there!. The women were very sociable, so guys, if you out looking to meet women, you'll want to be here, while sipping on some great cocktails.Just got back from lunch at Frontera and boy was it tasty.  I called at 10:30 and got a reservation for 1:15, walked in at 1 with no wait.  We started with the tuna ceviche which tasted great but the texture of the tuna wasn't for us. I got the Cazuela de Borrego, lamb in a tomatillo sauce, which i thought was really awesome.  My mom got the pork tacos which was also pretty rad.   Our total was 75 bucks with a margarita and two michelada.  It seemed like there was little or no wait while we were there.Amazing food, great drinks, friendly waitstafff.Very lively and colorful place. I enjoyed the enchiladas de mole but my favorite dish was my dessert. I had the empanadas that were served with rhubarb ice cream. Delicious-o and so was my sangria. Wait staff is slow and the nacho chips were cold.I hadn't been here for awhile and hoped that the "hoopla" over Rick Bayless on Top Chef Masters had died down sufficiently so the kitchen could get back to putting out a decent product, but nooooo! There's still an insanely long wait, the service is impatient and rushed to the point that they practically toss things down on the table as they're passing by, and the food is SO salty! (Probably so you buy more of their delicious, but tiny margaritas.) Tourists don't seem to mind paying exhorbitant prices for really mediocre although "inventive" food. The quality has gone so far down that the only thing they have going for them is the notoriety that allows them to ride on their past laurels.  Which is really sad.Would love to give Frontera Grill "5 Stars," but alas I can't. It wouldn't be fair, because I only had dinner and dessert. However, my Blue Agava Margarita, the house specialty, and chocolate dipped bunelo covered with fresh peaches and blueberries and topped with tequila-lime creme fraiche was EXCELLENT!I've been going to Frontera for a few years now well before the top chef masters fame and it's ALWAYS been this good. Amazing flavors, deep yet subtle. Not over seasoned but ingredients allowed to somehow be passionate with one another to create something magical on a plate. I live in another city but whenever I'm in Chicago my Frontera schedule is like this... 2 days in town, lunch once, dinner twice... 3 days in town, lunch twice, dinner thrice. You get the picture. Simple flavors, perfectly combined and consistently executed. Best Mexican food ever. Ever!  Oh yes, great margaritas too.  Drink 3 or 4, you'll be glad you did. Get there early so go there now. Try everything.This was the best brunch I've ever had, flat out.  I was taken there as a gift, and it truly was one.  The waiter was terrific.  The food was amazing.  The art on the walls was a wonderful addition to the experience.In a complete food coma right now after my first experience with this restaurant.  You don't have to take this review with a grain of salt: I didn't have any preconceptions because I've never seen Rick Bayless on any of those competition shows and find him to be a bland tv personae and while I love food but am not a foodie. Anyway don't bother with reservations: there is a bar with some of the tastiest cocktails I've had in many years there where you can happily wait with everyone else.  We were quoted a 2 hour wait, but we're seated much sooner in a primo 4 top on the sidewalk patio.  We couldn't believe our luck.  As I said treat yourself to a cocktail: the blueberry mojito or the summertime margarita with the cucumber juice were both original and exciting, and more importantly perfectly balanced delicious drinks.  This restaurant's forte is clearly presenting fresh ingredients, and always making each dish- whether its the side scoop of rice, or the dash of sauce accompanying a relleno-and giving it a twist, a nuance, that makes each dish's flavor complex.  You could taste the fresh corn in the tortilla, the different smoked flavor in each peice of meat, and the ceviche we sampled was the best fish experience I've ever had.  Not everything was outrageously good- my rellenos were a little bit of a let down- but everything was fresh, and everything had a curious flavor if you looked for it. The restaurant experience was everything you want for a special occassion.  The restaurant is full of people of all types, the servers are friendly and knowledgeable, and they clearly stress a pretension-free atmosphere from the staff. That's so key: I can't stand being talked down to by a server esp. since I used to be one.  We were so relaxed we let the server upsell us all over, but nothing we tasted wasn't worth the experience.  Even the guacamole was creamy and subtley different...It was a destination restaurant that lived up to a certain level of hype.  We really were happy with a group because we shared our food all around and got to try a hundred different flavors which made the experience much richer.  I don't think I'd go back with just my partner- definitely with a group who you can talk and laugh with while you wait for a table.  It was a fun night, and no area was wanting: great service, and really fun good food.Best Mexican food I've found in the midwest, but I have not yet been to Topolobampo.  When visitors want Mex, this is where I take them.Awesome.  Great food.Worth trying but I'd rather watch Rick on TV and grab Las Mananitas to-go.This place is excellent.  Rick Bayliss knows how to please.  The food is unbelievable, the drinks are spectacular, and the ambience is great.  Service was pretty good, it is always very, very busy so a little inattentiveness can be understood.  I love everything about this restaurant...except, that it is so good that it gets so crowded there is often a significant wait for a table and they have a very weird reservation policy.  So go at an off time, or plan on waiting a few minutes, either way you'll have one of the best meals of your life!I have to say that I am a patient person! After waiting for 1 1/2 hour to get seated, all I can think was this better be worth it. People would come in and get seated right away, I finally had to go and ask, the hostess stated that people coming in had reservations. I had called and tried making reservations, I was told they didn't take reservations. Which is it? Well we had the appetizer plate and they were delicious. I ordered the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena, parts of the dish came cold. I am not one to complain, so I sat and ate it. I ended the dinner with a hot chocolate with mezcal, it was delicious. Overall, the place was OK. I was disappointed in the service. If I do go back, I will probably sit at the bar and partake in the appetizers.Seriously, best food I've ever put in my mouth. Every bite was incredible! Killer margaritas, fresh guacamole, home made warm tortillas, and the best MOLE I could ever imagine.  Our party of 4 all raved about their dishes, and it will be an experience we'll never forget!  I'll never look at Mexican food the same again!Booked this way in advanced, wanted to try a Rick Bayless restaurant. Ended up there at lunch, and had some duck tacos. I guess due to the popularity it was a hoppin place, service a meal was a little chaotic.My husband and I went here on our last night in Chicago.  Since the wait was one and a half hours for a table, we went to the bar to kill some time.  Fortunately, some bar chairs opened up and we decided to eat our dinner there.  The food was good, however, very pricey.Visited Frontera Saturday with family from NYC. Great visit. Poncho great server in the bar while we waited for a table.  Guac was great but a little pricey. 2.5 hour wait for a disappointing dinner. Catch of the day " Tilefish" was cold and mealy. Priced at $24.95. My wife's Duck with pumpkin mole also cold. Appetizers were good. No wow. But good. The plantains that arrived late were a high light as were the oysters. It's difficult when a restaurant doesn't meet up to expectations. Particularly when you like the chef so much.The food here was great! I love Mexican food, and I have eaten at several different places, but I have found that this one is the best for authentic Mexican food. I have looked all over, each place has delicious food, but here it really tastes authentic! I love it! I can't wait to come back here again!Amazing huevos a la mexicana, margaritas, and cornbread pancakes made for a perfect brunch!I had seen Chef Bayless on tv and was a fan of his passion for Mexican food. While I was in Chicago I had to check one of his place out. Frontera lived up to the reputation. I had the Mole Trio and was very impressed with the complexity of the favors. I was surprised by the green veggie mole in a good way. Each of the three dishes was different and very flavorful. A bonus of the evening was that I got to sit at the counter by the kitchen. To my surprise, Chef Bayless walked out of the kitchen while I was eating my dinner. It was a great meal in a great environment.  If you are in Chicago, go see for yourself.I ate here twice. I would give dining in the bar 5 stars. Great service. Dining room at frontera is very crowded and service was very slow. We waited about 20 mins to pay our check. Have to get here at least 30 mins prior to opening to get a table. The bar is packed for the first hour while people wait (even on a Tuesday!). The food is beyond this world!! Sopes Rancheros, guacamole, tortilla soup, and short rib tacos were absolutely to die for. Topolo margarita was the best I have ever had.Great food! Rick even came out to meet a couple of guests and just happened to stop by our table. Long wait but well worth it.On a summer visit to my hometown Chicago, I finally got to try this restaurant (yes I'm late doing a review). I didn't have wait problems because I knew better and I made reservations a month in advance. So all was good. The food was AWESOME! Who knew somebody could make an ear of corn taste that good? It was unbelievable. And the guacamole was the best I'd ever had and I eat a lot of guacamole. The prices are reasonable enough that you could create your own little tapas dinner and sample several things on the menu. Everything is just super fresh and tasty, with unique flavor combinations. The wait staff is super attentive and nice. With all the people there, they missed NOTHING. Not one empty water glass. I left a big tip. This is not an all hype and no substance restaurant. Rick Bayless is the real deal and he knows Mexican food. There is a reason he won Top Chef Masters. My only advice is to make a reservation. This place was absolutely packed - and it was a Wednesday night 9 pm reservation on a work day! People who didn't make reservations were begging and trying to bribe the staff at the door. Don't be those people.My boyfriend and I came here from the suburbs and were very excited to eat here. We showed up right at 5 on a Thursday when they opened and were seated by 5:50, not too bad. We ordered chips and salsa, which was delicious. And for our entrees he  got the carne asada and I got the tacos carbon with skirt steak. His carne asada was delicious and tender but very spicy and came with really yummy tamales. My tacos were OK, I felt like they lacked flavor and the meat was kinda chewy. My favorite part was the guacamole that they came with. And then for dessert! This was my favorite part of the whole meal. We ordered the vanilla bean ice cream with hot fudge and he had coffee and I had mexican hot chocolate. The ice cream was really really really delicious, probably my favorite thing I had all night. The coffee was really rich and had a lot of depth and the mexican hot chocolate was very good and tasted of cinnamon and spices. Overall, we had a great night. The service was fast and attentive, but not super personable. It wasn't a mind blowing or life changing experience for us but I would absolutely recommend it.Not your father's taco. Better. Forget your ideas of Mexican food. Authentic regional Mexican sauces and preparation. Our waiter had no problem steering us away from certain dishes and his recommendations were spot on. Only drawback--no reservations, so be prepared to wait.We rented their basement room for a private party. The food was really well done. The entree options included pollo al mojo and carne asada. Everyone's chicken and steak were cooked correctly and not dry or overdone - and they were very flavorful. The guac that came out first was great and we wrapped up with ice cream sandwiches that were wonderful too. The staff were really helpful in getting everything set up and were attentive through the night. The margaritas were fabulous (even if they do come in smaller than normal glasses). I'm really glad we chose Frontera for our event., it couldn't have worked out better.Very creative dining and mixture of flavors  and textures that provided for good balance.  Service was efficient but not overly friendly.  Ate in the bar due to 2 hr wait so have to expect noise and jostling.  Summer margarita with cucumber was awesome!  Food and drink was well worth the wait.I love this restaurant. The appetizer platter and house margaritas are awesome. I adore the duck tacos and the ceviche is also top notch. The service is pretty a-ok for this popular of a restaurant but interestingly enough it is especially awesome at the bar, making Frontera one my favorite places to in Chicago in the daylight hours.Extremely disappointed! Got a gift certificate for our anniversary, was unable to get a reservation (6  weeks in advance) for Topolobampo. Arrived at 5pm on Saturday, waited in line 20 minutes to put our name on the wait list. The hostess quoted 2-2.5 hour wait. Checked with the hostess after two hours and fifteen minutes and she told me it would be another 30 minutes. Total wait 3 hours, still no table.  Had three drinks (two down the street at Flemings) and left without eating because by then we weren't hungry. Totally disappointing special occasion. Wouldn't know how great the food is...Short and sweet.  Visted once for dinner and it was fabulous.  A few times for lunch and it was just okay.  I usually order the mole.  Last time I went with my three children who ordered off the kids menu.  They all hated it (and they are 1/2 Mexican...hehe).  Wish it was better.I've been here twice.  The food and margaritas have always been tasty and well presented.  However, I do think it's over-hyped.  You can get just as good Mexican for less.  I wouldn't NOT recommend it, but I'd leave this for more special occasions.Have the pork loin.  The service was formidable to start.  The waiter was all class.  The habenero stung like venom of a thousand black widows.  Highly Recommend.Fantastic meal, worth the wait.Apps: trio, trio, trio and guacamole.Drinks: blue agave margaritasEntrees: Halibut and Swordfish with ShrimpDessert: Chocolate pecan pie with kahlua creamWe waited for about 1h45 minutes on a Saturday night; not a bad wait, especially because the hostesses are super-competent, take your name, and tell you when to check back in.  With all the bars in the area, there are tons of places to have pre-dinner drinks while waiting for your Frontera table.The food was phenomenal.  Margaritas went down very easy - and, as promised, were sour.  The guacamole was creamy and delicious.  Entrees were fantastic, and the service was great.I can't wait to return.I've been here twice, and can't wait to go back again.  Went for Dinner once, and brunch once.  I'd highly recommend the Saturday brunch.  Not only was our food amazing, but some of the best drinks we've ever had as well.***Tortilla Soup Rating ONLY***While I would probably give the restaurant 5 stars overall, it is the taste of Frontera's tortilla soup that endures.  This stuff is AWESOME!!!!  Delicious.  Just thinking about it...makes me speechless (which isn't great for a written review).  In short, go to Frontera NOW and eat their tortilla soup.Saturday after an outing with the girls,  we decided to try to get into Frontera Grill since it was 10:30p. I had been wanting to go to Frontera Grill for the longest but refused to wait in such long lines to get in since they don't take reservations.  Luckily, they seated us ...we were thrilled since we Love Rick Bayless.Pros/Cons:Pros - Loved the atmosphere and the wait staff.  Very knowledgeable and friendly.Cons:  Quantity and Price. Going into this place, I knew that the price would be a little steep but assumed that for the price I  would leave with a full belly.  Boy was I wrong!!!  I got the Tacos el Carbon with Steak.  It was very flavorful but the meat was barely enough for 2 tacos.  It seems as though it was more onions than meat.  They served the tacos with a big bowl of beans and a side of guacamole.  Both the guacamole and beans were good but for $17.50...I wanted more meat in my tacos.  I found myself eating the beans which is something that I never do because I was still hungry.  Very disappointing!I might give it a try again knowing that I would probably have to stop somewhere else to get full or come when I'm not really all that hungry.Great food, bar and service.  The wait for smaller parties is a bit of a drag but, otherwise, a very nice place.Absolutely delicious.  Flavors that are both authentic and original. Saw Rick Bayless doing his thing.  Love the artwork too.  Worth the effort to get in.Probably will be kicked out of chicago for this but... Saturday brunch... 1.5 hour wait, lousy tasteless guacamole with chewy chips, cold, mostly raw steak tacos, and a price that would have bought 15 burritos at chipotle. Maybe a bad day but wont go backWhile I believe that Rick Bayless rocks and the service here was excellent, I do not believe that the food justifies the wait and pricing at the Frontera Grill. My apologies, Rick.Get a reservation whenever possible but if you don't, it's well worth the wait when you take into account that Rick Bayless cuisine is a Chicago exclusive and how CRAZY good it is. I would suggest going tapas style if possible the first time out so you can try a variety.The guacamole is to die for.I've been to Frontera twice (once for dinner, once for lunch); both times, I've enjoyed it more than Topolobampo, which is also, of course, good. I say this just to point out that Frontera shouldn't be dismissed as inferior or the fall-back option if you can't get in to Topolobampo.You can't go wrong with anything involving duck or mole. The mole enchiladas and black bean enchiladas are both great. Every type of ceviche I've tried is excellent, as are the cocktails. My friend and I couldn't decide which of the two flans we liked better. Most telling for me, personally, is the fact that I've never reached for the hot sauce while dining at Frontera Grill--to set context, I'm half-Mexican and have a bottle of Tapatio with me at work, so this *never* happens. Every single item is perfectly executed and doesn't need the "help."They don't do many reservations, but you can always try. Show up early enough, and you won't wait too long, though, even without a reservation.For me, Frontera Grill is a 2-stars, even if I was never afforded the opportunity to eat there.  Accessibility is to optimize profits for Rick Bayless, not to allow customers to have a good meal.The first thing you have to know is that three Rick Bayless restaurants are in the same storefront.  A few years ago, my wife and I came to Chicago and thought we'd try one of the Rick Bayless Mexican restaurants.  We know Mexican food - Arizona, Mexican-American, cook it ourselves, SF Bay Area, etc.We found that on our limited time, we could only get into Topolobampo.  We went there for dinner.  The food was very stylish, small portions, multiple courses, expensive  -- overall not a good financial proposition unless you "wanted to say you'd eaten there".  Not us.  We like Mexican food because it is food.So this trip, the Frontera Grill seemed a possibility.  The menu shows real meals - not snacks.  We wanted to eat, not be seen.On entering at 6 PM, we were told the wait is 90-120 minutes.  Our attempt was to eat once again, not appear in some production.  Disappointed, I asked at what time one might come to have dinner without the wait?I was told: "Make a reservation".  I said that I'd been to their website and it said they don't take reservations?  I was told they did.  So as a manager walked up, I said "We'd like to make a reservation for tomorrow night, please".  He interrupted my conversation with the hostess and said "Our first reservations are three weeks from tonight".  Huh?So they wouldn't tell me when I could sit down to eat if I came at another time, they mislead me by saying I could make a reservation -  but not in the lifetime of our one week visit to Chicago, and they were just plain down snooty and arrogant.  (We ate at a very excellent Indian food restaurant 1 1/2 blocks away.  Some of the best Indian food we've had - and we've had plenty.)I figured it out.  Topolobampo is exquisitively expensive and plays to Rick Bayless' ego.  But not enough customers -- you CAN make reservations there.  Frontera Grill, it serves regular Mexican food meals that might be enjoyable and a reasonable deal -- BUT  -- to maximize revenues Rick won't make (real) reservations, but packs you in as you wait for the shmucks before you to leave.Avoid.I would say if you like Mexican cuisine, Frontera has got to be at the top of your list.  That isn't fair though because Frontera is just some of the best food you can find in Chicago period.  Everything I've ever had here, including their amazing cocktails, was delicious.  My best experiences were always seated at the bar and if you order a round of appetizer's as a meal (like I do) it is actually pretty inexpensive.Service is kind of uniterested in you but the food is delicious.  I like the casual side and it is fun IF you can get a seat in the bar.  The special margaritas are amazing when shaken.The pulled pork tacos are DIVINE!!!!!!Third time at my favorite Rick Bayless establishment.  Went on a weeknight, around 6:00 pm with some co-workers.  The wait wasn't bad at all considering a helpful waiter pointed out a newly opened table off of the bar, where we were able to get appetizers and drinks before dinner.  The guacamole and homemade tortilla chips were wonderful, and the wait staff was incredibly helpful to my gluten-free companion.  Several staff approached her throughout the evening to be sure she was ok and didn't have any concerns about her food choices.  Education is key for gluten-free dining and Frontera staff are definitely well-educated on this food allergy.  Our cocktails were great, and my companions really loved the specialty holiday cocktail.  I'm not that sweet of a gal and opted for a more-standard margarita option.  I wasn't disappointed.  The food at dinner was wonderful. I had the enchiladas de mole.  The mole here is by far my favorite.  Just the right amount of sweet and spice.  Very tasty.  While perusing the menu we were pleasantly surprised to have the wine expert stop by and offer suggestions.  The place was busy but she was still making the rounds and offering suggestions based on our meal choices.  No disappointments there either.  Food and drink were great and I'll definitely be back again.If you are going to attempt to try this restaurant for lunch or dinner, I would suggest arriving about 45 minutes prior to their opening time to get in line. This will put you at about the halfway point in the line that will have formed outside the door. As for the food, the ceviche is to die for! However, the rest of the food was good, but not great as I expected. My boyfriend had the duck tacos and greatly enjoyed them and my toquitos were decent. The smokey taste in the toquitos was so intense that I didn't enjoy them as much as I thought I would. The salsa is fantastic and so is the mexican water drink that is made each day. I would highly recommend trying that. This is a good restaurant,but for the price, I wouldn't highly recommend it. There are equally good mexican restaurants in Chicago for a fraction of the price. The waitstaff was very well versed with the products on the menu, however the noise level was pretty high and felt very crowded. I will not be going again.This was the second time I've been to frontera.  Both times the food was WAY TOO SALTY!  I love Mexican food and loved topolobambo!  The first time I thought the chef maybe had a cold or something, but two times the food was in edible.  I never send stuff back out of courtesy, but really wish I had.The waiter was getting really pissed he had to keep filling up our water, but I really tried to enjoy the food.How hard is it to eff up guacamole?  Salt it so much that your lips burn!The food was fantastic. Had the limeade (non alcoholic): good, tacquito pollo appetizer: good, Wife had the skirt steak tacos with s side of rice and guacamole good, I had the duck tacos with a side of fried plaintains with crema and queso fresco: good, had the duo flanes for dessert: the traditional was good but the one with lemon grass was terrible. Lemon grass flan? bad idea. Only reason for 4 stars and not 5 was waiter was not friendly...at all. Not mean but hardly spoke.We were like "wow" when we walked past this restuarant while visiting Chicago, but forget the 2 hour wait. Very crowded.I have two of Rick's cookbooks and became a fan watching Top Chef Masters. We visited from Portland OR and Frontera exceeded very high expectations. We didn't have a reservation so we put our name on the waiting list as soon as it opened. Had a couple great margaritas and had a table in an hour. The guacamole was like you get in Mexico, creamy, flavorful and delicious. The chips were outstanding. My son ordered the fish of the day. It was the best I've ever tased and we live in seafood country. I had the pork mole. Terrific as well. We could go back 5 more times and not order everything we wanted to try. Definitely worth the trip.kennethtiongeats.wordpre…Brunch MenuBeing located 3 blocks away from Rick Bayless's tri-conglomeration of XOCO, Frontera Grill, and Topolobampo has its perks. One thing is that good Mexican is never far away.Rick Bayless, as a primer, was studying for a PhD in linguistics at the University of Michigan, when he moved to Meixco from 1980-1986. There, he learnt Mexican cooking, and then brought it back to Chicago. When Obama was inaugurated, Rick Bayless was apparently in the running to be White House executive chef.I've been to Frontera twice now. (and XOCO 4 times). So far, I have not been disappointed.(Brunch)Chilaquiles al Guajillo (5/5) - "Quick-simmered tortilla "casserole" with rustic red guajillo chile sauce, homemade crema, aged Mexican cheese (queso anejo), sunny-side up egg. Tangy baby greens." Savory and fresh greens, great tasting sauce. Tortillas were semi-crisp - after sitting in sauce, they were a delicious mess.Duo de Flanes (4.25/5) - "A duo of caramel custards: coconut milk-lemongrass flan with honey Manila mango salsa, plus silky Mexican vanilla. " had a rich, sticky texture, in the region of peanut-butter stickiness. The custard cake contrasted well with the mango and wisps of coconut.(Dinner)Lamb Shoulder in Black Mole (4.5/5) - "Grill-seared lamb shoulder braised in black mole, Nichols Farm potatoes, grilled calabacitas, anejo cheese." Mole means sauce in Mexican. For this dish, I believe the "mole" here is a chocolate sauce. It was rich, and there were quite a few potatoes in the dish. It went excellently with tacos - the only minor complaint might be that the potato-lamb ratio was skewed in favour of potato.Duck "Carnitas" Flautas (4.5/5) - "Crispy, crunchy taquitos of slow-cooked duck carnitas, (grilled white onions, garlic mojo). Tangy red chile escabeche, orange "shoots salad."Ceviche Trio - "Frontera Ceviche (albacore, tomato, olive), Yucatecan Ceviche (shrimp, squid, orange, cucumber), Tropical Tuna Cocktail (big eye, avocado-tomatillo, mango salsa)"Yucatan Ceviche (4.75/5) - nice and limey, good contrast with shrimp and squidTropical Tuna Cocktail (5/5) - out of this world, perfectly salted avocado. Sweet mango complemented tuna perfectlyFrontera Ceviche (4/5) - another sour one.Smoky-Creamy-Spicy Mushrooms (4.75/5) - "Brown beech, hedgehog, oyster, shiitake & black trumpet mushrooms, white sweet potato, Oaxacan pasilla crema, epazote."Verdict: Just go. Frontera only serves brunch on Saturdays, so it's a once-a-week thing. Rick Bayless's Mexican is magical.kennethtiongeats.wordpre…I was born and raised in Mexico, And I'll tell you what- this place knows authentic- and makes it tasty and wonderful.Excellent Mexican food and margaritasWho woulda' thought you could get - not good, but great - Mexican food in Chicago? Being from San Francisco, I'm used to being able to get really good Mexican food, from food trucks to the local taqueria to upscale, so this was a nice surprise. The albacore ceviche has a wonderful smoky bite. The Oaxaca Carne Asada is marinated in something delicious - again, smoky and flavorful. I also really enjoyed the mezcal margarita - not too sweet and that great (you guessed it) smoky mezcal taste.Food was overpriced. We sat outside and fruit flies went all over the duck dish that I ordered. The flies went on my friends meal too. The manager comes out and said he wanted to see the flies. As if we were lying? What was supposed to take an hour took almost 2. Ridiculous amount of time lost and awful service. Food was bland, I've had a lot better Mexican before. Including Chipotle.Dinner for two, no reservations. We arrived a little before 5:00 when they open, and stood in a long line. An hour and a half wait for a table, but only 30 minutes for a table in the bar. We chose to eat in the bar, had a drink, waiting until 5:30 when they open the small tables. Intimate seating, but not loud or intrusive. I ordered the Thursday Special, chili rellenos (delicious); my husband had carnitas. All excellent. We will go back next time we're in Chicago."Though our dining room is mostly seated on a first come first serve basis, we take a limited amount of reservations for all size parties."^^  That's what it says on the website.  If MOST of the dining room is first come, first serve, then you should not have to wait three hours for a table with a short wait list.  Yet that was the wait this weekend when we got there at 5:00.  We decided not to make reservations because we weren't quite sure how long it would take to get the the restaurant from our show.  Big mistake.  While we waited, about 90% of the others who showed up and were told about the wait immediately turned around and left.  I can't believe they manage to have so much business when they are nightly turning away that many disgruntled would-be customers.  We only waited because I was visiting from California, and this place has been kind of a "bucket list" destination for me for a while now.  So before I get to the food, please, PLEASE change your website to reflect that reservations are HIGHLY recommended.  In our famished state, we ordered a Yucatan ceviche to start off.  It was good, and we thought a great start to our meal.  Then the main courses came.  I actually elected to get the Street Food Trio rather than an "entree" because I was really excited to get an overview of what Frontera had to offer.  When my plate came, I was shocked at what a small amount of food it was.  "Snack size" CANNOT be overstated here.  Each of the six pieces (two of three different street foods) were two bites each, max, meaning my meal was 12 bites at best.  My date kept trying to force feed me food from his own plate.  I really didn't mind (more room for dessert), but the food wasn't that great...even when I was dying of hunger.  The sopes were the highlight (I could have eaten a few of those), but the potosinas and huarache tasted dry, overcooked, and just kind of lousy. My date's taco trio was much more satisfying, though only four tortillas for a HUGE platter of food was a joke.  He ate more than half with his fork.  Meanwhile at the bar, two of the bartenders got into a fight.  One guy started yelling at the other after getting accidentally bumped, and the whole thing escalated until one was backing the other against the wall, they were yelling until their faces were red, and I was certain we were about to see them go to blows.  FINALLY after FAR too long, another bartender came in and broke it up, and we missed the dinner entertainment.  I was so bewildered by this whole fiasco that I didn't even notice when Rick Bayless himself scooted in right next to me on the bench seat against the wall to chat with a group of friends.  Suddenly dozens of people needed to use the restroom so that they had a reason to walk by the table to take a picture of him.  Our table also started getting lots of attention from the waiters and hostess, trying to look more attentive, since he was sitting right next to us.  Amusing, really.Dessert was a chocolate peanut butter cheesecake with a mango-chile sorbet/salsa.  These were both delicious in their own right, though had no business being paired together.  They were still the highlight of the meal when eaten separately, and the chocolate cappuccino was also very good.  It did make me rather sad that the best thing we ate at this notorious Mexican restaurant was a chocolate peanut butter cheesecake.  So that was our night.  We waited, we ate, we saw Rick Bayless.  Would I wait three hours for this food again?  No way, Jose.  Would I have given it 4-5 stars if I had made reservations and had been seated within 30 minutes?  Moot point, because I don't really think it's worth coming again.  Bucket list item checked off.  There's a whole city full of amazing food in Chicago, and I'm sure I can find better on my next visit.Having been to the other Rick Bayless Mecca, Topolobampo, several times, I was eager to dine at Frontera Grill (finally!) and compare the two.  Although both boast authentic Mexican, the concepts of the two are entirely different.  My trips to Topolobampo were excellent, but I found Frontera's menu and service to be much more approachable and fun.  Delicious and rustic Mexican (like we all know) at its absolute best, hands down.  They don't call Rick Bayless the king of Mexican in the U.S. for nothing.   The margaritas, shaken tableside, are not to miss.  And the guacamole is probably the BEST I'd ever had (there was some kind of roasted pepper bits in the guac - I swear! - which was an unusual and amazing twist).  Simple, well-made and wonderfully flavored Mole enchiladas were my entree of choice.  Loved them!  There were really well-done basics on the menu,  as well as a few more elegant-style dishes such as duck tacos or barbacoa w/ pineapple, OR Chef Bayless' famed Tongue Tacos, as see on Top Chef Masters.  Yum Yum.  My only complaint - NO RESERVATIONS!  The cattle line up like crazy for this place, and when it opened at 5, and we got there at 5:05, we were already up to 2 hr wait for 2 people.  We waited a full 2 hrs too.  It was worth it thought - but annoying at the same time.  Just accept a reservation why don't ya!?The only thing worth getting here is the ceviche. All the other food we ordered was cold, hard and tasted terrible. Extremely overpriced, I would rather to go to taco bell. Terrible service also- we didnt know if our server was a bartender or server the entire time because he never came around and only came to give drinks. This place is definitely overhyped- would never come here again. I gave it three chances....mediocre to bad every time.My girls and I went out for our semi-monthly girls night out here last night. It is such a popular place we had to make reservations 3 months in advance! The food was excellent! I ordered the Lake Michigan trout among a million other things (guacamole, ceviche). A few friends had the scallops and one ordered the steak. Basically, everyone enjoyed their food very, very much. The stand out? The desserts!! The tres leches was so good that two of my friends ordered a second plate and split it! It didn't look like your typical tres leches. It was like little chunks of thick bread and it looked dry but once you had it in your mouth, you tasted the moist, sweet milky goodness! It came with a side of a passion fruit "foam" which was so sweet and tangy (at the same time!). The coffee ice cream with the hint of orange flavor was excellent too! The flavors were so authentic! Our reservation was for 5:30pm and we stayed until almost 9pm! It was nice that they let us really enjoy our experience and laugh and talk without having to rush. Overall, a great experience. I can't wait to try all of the other restaurants and try new things that looked delicious that we didn't try!popular restaurant in a nice location. near lots of night-life. appealing aztec-mexican decor and busboys and waiters alike are classy an not bad-looking. the food more importantly was great! authentic mexican, and not at all stingy about giving you extra tortillas if you happen to run out. tasted the pork under their specialties. they really know how to balance each flavor out. there was the right amount of crunch in every bite. another favorite- skirt steak tacos. mojitos an margaritas galor. waiters shake drinks up right in front of you.. it's pretty fun.Quite simply, my favorite restaurant in all of Chicago! And I eat out frequently. Reservations are tricky. My suggestion is pop in for lunch early on a Saturday (or other days)-maybe 11ish and sit at the bar. I suggest you try a couple of their signature margaritas - they will take your breath away! More than 2 and you will be woozy... ok maybe after 1 you will! Enjoy!This is the worstMexican Food I ahve ever eaten - I will never go back and advise friends and family to stay away - over priced - a fly in my empanada - one little spoon of avacado in my tortiila soup NEVER EVER again.  I will go to Meson Taco a Mom and Pop joint and the food there is a thousand times betteer than this dump.The food didn't meet my expectation (maybe expectation was far too high) after hearing so much about frontera. The ceviche was delicious but everything else was eh. Didn't have any alcohol but my mexican iced tea was way too sweet.The bar in the evening is usually too crowded to function in, but every now and then a bunch of space mysteriously opens up, usually after 9.  The margaritas are real (not made with mix) and not overly sweet.  The food is always excellent, though the menu is depressing because it has too many references to goat (or did the last time I could bring myself to look at it). Six stars for the jicama salad, which comes in a parfait glass and which I assume you are supposed to eat with your fingers like french fries--I did, anyway. Really good, and absurdly healthy, which shouldn't matter but sometimes it does, obscurely.  The perfect bar food, reinvented. The space itself is gorgeous, and while I suppose purists would be offended by the decorative use of sacred objects, I just appreciate the nonmuseum opportunity to look up at the ceremonial animal costumes on the wall, especially the jaguar one, which eventually reminds me to pay the bar bill and get home to feed the cat.This was the worst hostess and host staff I have ever had. Ok food, great waiters, rudest hosts ever.I took my mom, aunt and cousin to try Frontera for our first time while we were spending a few days in Chicago.  Needless to say, I have been a big fan of Rick Bayless since watching specials about him on the Cooking Channel and Top Chef Masters.  Unfortunately, the experience was LARGELY disappointing!  We stood in line for about 30 minutes outside before the 5:20 Tuesday opening.  Once in, we did get seated fairly promptly.  However, our server did not provide his name or any recommendations without our asking first and inquiring about the menu.  I ordered the mole enchiladas, which came out lukewarm.  My mom and aunt ordered the swordfish that came out COLD, and after sending it back, the dishes came back too hot to touch, but the fish was still COLD.  They could not even finish them!  The server did not apologize for the mistake, take the items off the bill or offer a free dessert, etc.  Most importantly, he never even came back after they came back out to see if they were ok.  Needless to say, we all left 'underwhelmed''.  We won't be back - too bad...strange ambience, a bit more casual than i expected. long wait for a table. despite this, great service - even if youre waiting at the bar. good drinks. fantastic appetizers - the ceviche might be the best ive ever had. excellent main courses. great desserts as well. worth the priceI could eat their Huevos Rancheros every day.  This was part of a foodie trip to Chicago and was a highlight for sure!  We did make a reservation for brunch and the place was busy.  Service was excellent and even dessert was good.  Very refreshing after a not so great dinner before.In terms of the food, this place deserves five stars.  The drinks could have been better, and all the more so because they seem to be a pretty large component of the dining experience there.  We had breakfast dishes, plaintains, margaritas, mojitos, masa cake appetizers, and the chips and salsa.  The chips weren't great, but that was no big deal in the grand scheme of things. The masa cakes were bite sized and topped with braised beef and were excellent - that would be my number one menu recommendation.  Both of the egg dishes were also great, particularly one we had with mole.  Stay away from the mojito unless you're really looking for a margarita, which is what it tasted like.  The mint taste was negligible.  I can't speak to service because we sat at the bar.  I wouldn't recommend doing that because it gets very crowded even at lunch with people leaning over you to buy Frontera merchandise.I have been to Frontera Grill countless times and have had only great experiences!! The food and service are both excellent. Be forewarned - they don't take reservations and you will have to wait but it is definately worth it!! If you are expecting Americanized Mexican ala Don Pablo's, you will likely be disappointed, this is real, excellently prepared Mexican food from one of the best chefs around.  I highly recommend checking it out, you won't be disappointed.I don't get the hype about this place. Since moving to Chicago a year ago, I've heard so much about this and how hard it is to get in. So we decided to try it out for brunch, when you can get a reservation.  Food was fine but nothing special, portions are small, and prices are high. Definitely wouldn't bother going back, as there are other modern Mexican places I've been that are better.I remember one of the first Iron Chef America episodes where Bobby Flay went up against Rick Bayless.  His style and food looked so awesome.  As I learned more about him, I heard it was super hard to get into his restaurant and reservations took months.  So here we were, vacationing in Chicago and we decided to take a short walk from our hotel to Frontera at about 445 pm.  When we got there right at 5, there was a line starting out the door.  By 515, the line was starting to wrap around the building.  Apparently this happens all the time.  With all the effort and anticipation, we got in with ease, but expectations began to slide from there.  First, the food was very slow coming out.  We got some classic mexican street food which was a nice starter.  Then I ordered the oaxacan style carne asada steak with plaintains and beans.  Not a bad meal at all.  Its hard to say, maybe the build up was too much and it really deflated the high expectations but the food should have packed more of a punch.  Especially considering the price.  Of course, one thing I learned on my vacation is that nothing in Chicago is free, they even charge for the hype they sell :)We had a great meal here, starting off with some nice cocktails (thumbs up for the blood orange margaritas) and then progressing through guacamole, appetizers, and entrees. I had the Frontera albacore ceviche followed by lamb in a black mole, and both really sang with flavor. My wife had the huitlacoche enchiladas which were rich and smoky. And don't overlook the vegetables. We had some kale and some grilled green beans that were outstanding. Service was quite good and our waiter ably answered our questions about menu details.Ok maybe I just like super Americanized food but I thought this place was terrible!! The food for one was wayyy overpriced. My friend ordered a quesadilla appetizer and she received 3 bite sized pieces of dough filled with American cheese. They were served to her on a napkin too! I'm sorry but if this is "trendy" than I never want to eat at another trendy restaurant again! The margaritas were pretty much all mix, tiny and really expensive!! I don't understand why everyone raves about this place.I'd been to Topolobampo before, but hadn't been to the more casual side of the place before. It seems like such a fun restaurant, the decor is really bright, the kitchen's right there and you can look in (to some extent) on the hustle and bustle going on there. The service was attentive, with the waiter swooping in to refill my diet coke whenever it looked even remotely low. The guacamole was really good, the avocado was nice and fresh and there was just a hint of chili powder in it for some spice. The tortilla chips were also really good, they clearly had been freshly made and were nice and salty. We also got one of the ceviches, which was nice, although I didn't really have enough of it to pass judgement. I had the Tacos al Carbon with steak and that was great. Nicely seasoned steak, spicy sauteed onions and peppers and a dollop of that guacamole served with fresh tortillas...Mmmmmm. It also came with a dish of pinto beans served with pork, which brought back fond memories of my favorite taqueria in Sacramento's beans (oh taqueria Jalisco, how I miss you...). I tried my cousin's duck tacos al carbon, and they were delicious too. Her sister seemed to be enjoying the catfish tacos she got, too. Everyone was happy.The last time I was here was 3 years ago and it was unbelievable that I had to come back with my visit to Chicago.  We came here for lunch (after a solid hour wait), started off with the chicken tortilla soup which was way too salty and kind of bland which we were surprised by!  It also had a ton of cheese in it...boo! For lunch had the duck tacos which came with tortillas that you made yourself, pinto beans, guacamole and 2 salsas.  This really was fantastic, i loved that you made your own taco as i just ate everything separately!  Also had the enchila, which was also loaded with cheese, but still tasty. Would recommend it to friends and would return again, as long as the wait wasn't too long.You know, I heard such great things about this place that I actually waited the hour and half to get seated. What a disappointment.  The service was horrendous, the restrooms were disgusting, and worst of all the food was mediocre. This would have been passable if the price was cheap, but this Rick charged us literally double what the dishes were worth.  Also the portions were small with hardly any sides or veggies. Take my advice and go to fuego instead.I'm from Los Angeles and new to the Chicago scene, but I've heard rave reviews about this place and its superstar Top Chef Master, Rick Bayless. I thought I'd give it a shot with my co-worker and my BF on his birthday. For someone who has lived in Southern California, I am definitely familiar with Mexican food. I grew up with it. Though this place offered rare and authentic ingredients, it was not mind blowing.  It was "eh."  I've had better hand-made tortillas at Casablanca in Venice, Beach. Though the server seemed knowledgeable, the wait for food was incredible. Then, there was the noise level. The bar was quieter than sitting down at the tables. Try carrying on a conversation when you can barely hear your own voice. Plus, there was a hair in the salsa and a burnt taste to the corn fritters. Was this just not their night or were we just not their right guests? This place is over-rated!I ate here about 6 months ago and really liked it. I'd been a fan of Rick Bayless' TV show for awhile so when I traveled to Chicago for a conference I had to go here.yum!i caught up and had dinner with an out-of-towner here--it was great! we didn't wait very long for a table, but the table we got was one of the tiny ones along the back booth area. although i was sitting very close to fellow diners not in our party, it was still enjoyable (except for the occasional eavesdropping from my left and right--i guess our conversation was that interesting!).we had a super cool waiter (who by the way had a super cool mustache!) who suggested a great muscato riesling from spain and getting the 3 different kinds of oysters.my friend had the scallops and i had the striped bass, both of which were excellent. everything was just savory. we decided to go all out and have dessert as well. we had the pastel de tres leches y maracuya--it wasn't too heavy or sweet. the tartness of the maracuya did a nice job of downplaying the usual sweetness of pastel de leches.staff was super attentive from the hosts, servers, runners, and attendants. sometimes, it was almost too much--i felt self-conscious. however, it's better than being ignored and not serviced. there are tradeoffs. ;]the atmosphere is loud and lively. it's definitely a place to go for an animated dinner and not a quiet, romantic dinner. the decor was ok. some sections were better designed than others, but i appreciated the use of color. (although, the awning and restaurant front were nothing like the inside.)if you like to try new foods and food culture, i definitely recommend checking frontera grill out. although honest,y i don't think i would've ever gone if it hadn't been for my friend! it was good, but i don't think i was wowed. perhaps it was the good company that overpowered the restaurant's ability to wow. :) regardless, it was a positive and memorable dining experience!$10 worth of food served for $20. Arrogant bartenders serving 5 ounces of beer for $8. Stay away from here.We had reservations for lunch and the place was packed. We got the mole trio and the street food trio. We absolutely loved the vegetable options in both the dishes, in fact the vegetables in green peanut mole sauce reminded us of flavors growing up in India (Bengali cuisine). By far the most refined Mexican-style food we have ever had (its always been the standard rice-bean type of Mexican food for us). Overall a good satisfying lunch experience. Would love to go back for dinner and sample more of the menu.This is the second time for me to eat lunch at Frontera Grill. This time I had a pork loin with mashed potatoes and a chipotle sauce. It was absolutely outstanding. Bayless has an understanding of subtle flavors working together to produce unexpected and delicious flavors that other chefs can only dream about. I am very critical about my food, and continue to be impressed with this restaurant. It is expensive, but worth it.Fantastic food at a great price. Had the mole duck and the rice pyramid.2 people with wine for less than $70. Get there early. We got there at 6:00 and there was already a long line. Had to wait an hour but definitely worth the wait.The food was great. But I had my purse stolen while sitting ar the bar eating. These strange really getto people were hovering behind us while we were eating and were trying to talk to us and  distract us . Which of course worked and they got the bag. My problem with this is that these people even made it in the front door with out being questioned as to why they were there. The restaurant covered our bill but I felt so violated not to mention the loss of everything. Pay attention if your eating at the bar.Such a bummerVisiting Chicago from San Diego last week, my friend and I tried both Frontera Grill and Topolobambo on two separate luncheon ventures. The restaurants are literally joined together and one checks in at he same hostess station for both. We found nothing ordinary about these places and they deserve all the hype they have received. I thought the Barbacoa de Chivo (overnight wood-oven goat) dish was to die for. The "Trio, Trio, Trio: Sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco & Coctail de Atun Tropical" was superb. (I had it twice.) Also excellent was Carne Asada "Brava" and the Mixiote de Borrego (lamb shoulder slow-roasted in parchment packages with ancho-pasilla sauce). The menu is filled with items I have absolutely never heard of or eaten at all anywhere in San Diego or in Baja. I have read in one Rick Bayless book that East LA can compete somehow, but I haven't tried going there ever. Now I am tempted. As for the drinks, I had a large local Belgian ale-type beer called La Fleur of all things. The marguerites were nice but not as unusual as everything else.I should add, I ate at several two-star Michelin places in Chicago that impressed me less than these Bayless landmarks. I missed (not for lack of trying) the allegedly divine Alinea (three stars) although they called me twice with last-minute cancellations. But I didn't return the calls in time. Topolobambo takes reservations; I don't think Frontera Grill does.I've been waiting for years to Frontera, finally my wife surprised me with a Saturday night reservation.  9pm reservation but we got to the bar around 8 and we were seated by 8:30.  The atmosphere is loud and festive, small crowded area but well worth it.  Started with ceviche and quacemole, both were excellent .  For the entree I had wood grilled shrimp with an apricot mole that was unbelievable!  I've eaten, literally, thousands of shrimp and this was by far the best shrimp dish I've ever had. The price wasn't bad either dinner for two with apps and drinks was around $100 with tip.  I've easily spent that on average restaurants, so I thought this was pretty good for an award winning restaurant.  As we were getting ready to leave I turned around and Rick Bayless and his wife were sitting behind us eating dinner, kinda cool!!  Love the atmosphere, food and margaritas...  We will definitely be returning.What happened Frontera? This is the last and first place I ate before and after living in south america. We love your food, but our service was HORRIBLE! We were a party of 10 this last Friday before walking to the court house to get married. When asked what the least spicy dish on the menu was (because my sister cannot digest spicy foods) our waiter said :pick three and I'll tell you what is least spicy (what a way to respond when asking for help!) Not only that, but he chose something that we realized after the fact that was spicy. In addition, even though we asked for no onions (she can not digest those either) they arrived with them right on top!) We resorted to ordering rice and beans, just so she could eat something! We had to flag down the waiter, because he never checked in with us, and at the end of the meal, I was raising my hand as if in grade school, because two people were served coffee cups, but never any coffee!!!!!!! To top it off, (which "is what it is" - but it just made us want to run outta there even faster) the waiter delivered the check to my now husband with a pen opened and facing him. When he opened the bill the pen came sliding out onto his wedding day shirt leaving a nice line down the front of it.it was simply a disappointing and embarrassing dining experience for us and our family.Wedding anniversary and this place did not disappoint. Tuesday night with 5:30 reservations and this place became packed quickly. Service was quick, attentive and friendly. Atmosphere was a little more casual then expected, but still was great. Excellent food. Had the Trio sampler and the corn tamales to start. Presentation was that of fine dining. Civiche and taquitos were super tasty. Had the carne asada and rib steak. Both cooked and seasoned perfectly. Yum. Tortillas super fresh and best guacamole. Can't cay anything bad about this place. Good job Rick Bayless!Having recently used Rick Bayless as a guide for a trip to Guadalajara (OK, he wasn't a personal guide, but we did use his recent PBS show on Guadalajara to help guide us through town), I decided it was time to see just how good of a chef he really was.  Having a group of four, we were unable to get a reservation for Frontera Grill, so my group arrived at 4:45 to try and get a table on a Saturday for dinner.  I was suprised (well not too suprised) to see that there were already 15-20 people in line using the same strategy.  After a short wait our line was herded into the bar area for a couple pre-dinner cocktails.  It was a rush to find somewhere to sit, which detracted from the notion of this being a nice restaurant (yes, I know it isn't as fancy as Topolobampo).  The bartender was friendly, but too busy to really give great service.  The margaritas were great.  We got a table in the basement, which had no windows.  We ordered a couple of the ceviches and the queso fundido for an appetizer, which were excellent.  For dinner I had the carne asada brava which was cooked perfectly.  After ordering I heard another waiter tell his table that they had a few chile rellenos that weren't on the menu.  I wish our waiter had clued me in on that, I felt a little left out. Overall the food was worthy of 5 stars (even the spicy nut bowl was good), but the notion of having to wait outside for 30-40 minutes for a table and the herding of the line into the bar detracted from the overall experience.We went to Frontera Grill for the Restaurant Week lunch, but end up just order a la carte. I had the Chilpachole de Mariscos. All the mussels were flavorful and fresh. The shrimps were big and plump. The broth was perfectly seasoned andd ample king crab meat on top of everything. Yum!!!Receptionist was super rude trying to turn away customers for Rick Bayless.  Feel sorry for the restaurant.  Bad first impression.buy bayles' merchandise and eat it.  it would be tastier. once this place was innovative.  now it's just tired and tasteless. bayles has clearly jumped the shark.  the food was salty and bland, the staff was indolent and, at best indifferent. they just don't care anymore.  they don't think they have to.  the food is just as bad and prefab as at their airport locations. a real disappointment on a revist.So perhaps my expectation for Frontera were a little too high given all the hype that Rick Bayless has gotten but I wasn't overly impressed with Frontera.  I do admit, the food was good, but not out of this world.  I went here with my team from work for lunch I ordered the pork tenderloin - which came and looked like the chef had lovingly sliced each pork tenderloin piece.  It was so delicate and each piece was tender and juicy.  Plus it came on top of this delicious spicy mole sauce with a small corn tamale on the side with a dallop of creme fraish.  My other two co workers ordered the tamale of the day (goat) which I had a bite off.  Again it was good, but not of this world. I was most disapointed in the gucamole that took over 30 minutes to get to our table and I found it lacking in taste and the texture was a little too thick for my liking.  I would be willing to give Frontera another try and would love to check out XOCO, but let's just say I am not exactly chomping at the bit to go back.I was very excited to go here because I have been following Rick Bayless' career for a long time.  And my food was good - but not amazing.  I was also a little surprised that on such a large menu there were only a few vegetarian options for my friend.  My poor husband, who has a garlic allergy, was told that they could make him a chicken breast with green salsa because everything else on the menu contains garlic.  However, they did a lovely presentation and he said the chicken was really tender and juicy and the salsa was tasty too.  They also discovered that the mashed potato side didn't have garlic so they brought him some of that.  I had the jamaica flower agua, which was a little too sweet for my taste, but pleasing in flavor.  I also had some really good ceviche and a bite of the vegetarian tamale.  I had black rice with seafood for my entree, which was good, just a little flat.  While everything was very well-prepared, I just felt like it was missing that something special to make it worth a return visit next time I'm in Chicago.  I'll try and plan and get reservations at Topolobampo instead.My friend who knows a thing or two about good restaurants wanted to go here. I was hesitant. Chicago, Mexican restaurant didn't go together well for me. And the lord knows I have been searching for a good Mexican place because Jersey has none. So we arrived around 7, place was packed. It's Wed, how so? Well because it's well known and Rick Bayless runs the place. Wait time for 2, 1.5 hours...crazy! So we searched the bar...packed...then out of nowhere (like the parting of the red sea) there was an opening...2 people putting on their jackets...I nearly tackled them and grabbed the seats (in a nice way)...yeah I was hungry! And it was a great spot so people weren't all over us trying to order drinks, we had room to spare. We looked over the menu and although the prices seemed high, the food that surrounded us (other people's plates) looked yummy. We started with the Guac. It was good but not like my ex used to make.. For a meal I had the tacos al carbon (beef)...soooo good...juicy strips of steak marinated and flavorful. The homemade tortilla's were great and it came with roasted pepper rajas, two salsas, frijoles charros and guacamole. My buddy had the same but with chicken...I know it's lame and we should have gone with a specialty dish. We were not disappointed. The portion size to the price was a bit much (pricey but worth it). Especially since it was a business dinner. :-) We didn't try any of their margarita's or fancy drinks. The bartender was busy and not very talkative but was still friendly. The food came out quick. I mean we were there for about 35 mins total...I guess a combo of quick food and quick eats. ENJOY!We got here a little before it closed so we got seated pretty fast without reservations.  I even got to see Rick Bayless in the restaurant having dinner with his wife.  I've been wanting to come here since he won top chef master.  I told our waiter about how I wanted to try the mole, he actually brought over the three moles served at Frontera grill and then he went over to his restaurant next door and brought over the award winning mole!  That made my night for sure, the moles were all AWESOME! The ceviche trio was delicious!  And my chicken enchilada mole dish was delicious and my friend ordered the white mole with shrimp and the rice had this nice kick to it.  But having the chips from the mole and the ceviche we were getting full.  I had one more enchilada left and she had more than half her plate left.  Our waiter asked if he could take the plates away so we had assumed that he would pack it up right?  I mean most restaurants do that when they see plates still full of food... not our waiter, he trashed our food!  He was a great server besides this incident!  I was pretty disappointed that he did that, I wanted to speak with the manager but my friend said it was okay.  I would of clearly gave this place a 4.5 to 5 rating but after you throw away food like that, thats just not COOL!  Anyways, I had a great meal besides that happening and my friend who lives in Chicago said it was one of the best meals shes had so far in Chicago!I have eaten here a few times and the food is very good on a good night. Last night our food was not hot. But my issue with this place is their seating policy. We live in the burbs so we come downtown now and again. After getting here at 5:30 or 5:15 a couple of times and being told 1.5 to 2 hour wait, I made it a point to get here at 5 when they open so as to avoid the wait. Yet again, I was foiled. There is quite a line by 5 and we were here at 4:30 so we were close to the front of the line. So you would think we would get the first round of tables, right? Nope. You still have to wait until 5:20 to eat at the bar of 5:30 to sit in the dining room. Why you ask? Because the "kitchen doesn't want to be slammed all at the same time?" ARe you kidding me? They only have about 20 tables in the whole room, it that. But regardless, I think the whole thing is orchestrated to get you to sit in the bar and buy drinks. I made it a point to see if the first people in line were seated right at the time they opened and even THEY had to wait 10 minutes to get seated. I am boycotting this place. There are so many good places to eat in Chicago. I don't need to be conned into buying more alcohol. I wanted a margarita but I didn't buy one in the bar. If I drink without eating, I will be drunk so I wait til I get food to drink.We drove here from Detroit, mi. We have wanted to come here for years. The food was good but the service was awful. I'm sure our waiter was overwhelmed by the busy Saturday night crowd but I'm sure they are this busy often. We waited for over an hour for our entrees and we left after 2 and a half hours and told them to forget the dessert . An assistant manager asked why we didn't say anything to her when she came by and we told her she never came by. I'm not sure we will ever return.One of the best meals I've EVER had. I recommend Frontera Grill to ANYONE living in or visiting Chicago! I tried it on a trip on a whim and we = had a blast. Didn't want to wait for a table and they don't take reservations, so we chose to sit in the bar (where they do serve the full menu.) The margaritas are fantastic - and deceptively strong - and every item we tried from the menu was delectable. Rick Bayless definitely knows what he's doing. Desserts were also fantastic, although by the time we'd finished four margaritas each, appetizers AND our meals, we weren't up for much other than a chilly but much needed 20-block walk back to our hotel (Westin Michigan Avenue). Dessert was really more to just taste, and I'm glad we did. A killer, killer meal, and I find myself wanting to get back to Chicago just to get to this restaurant. It was an excellent recommendation and I'm more than happy to pass it to others. (PS - Rick Bayless is frequently in the house! Say hi.)My friend and I just visited this restaurant tonight-- a Tuesday, around 830pm.  we were told the wait was about 1-1.5 hours. expected. We tried to seat ourselves at the bar and somehow found some space at a wall bar table.  we weren't sure if we had to order drinks at the bar or if the server who walked past us a few times was going to get our drinks for us...my friend eventually got up and went to the bar to get our drinks.  strong.  i had the champagne margarita, if they ask you if you want salt, i suggest not getting it! it was harsh!!  my friend had the mojito and said it was nothing extraordinary.  After our time had elapsed we were seated.  Our server took a little bit to get to us, but nothing to complain over.  We had the duck carnitas tamal, which were delightful and packed a punch!  As for entrees my friend had the fall salad and plantains, i ordered the catfish with avocado mole.  I was satisfied with mine, wish it had more flavor, but  my friends salad which i tried, was not something i would suggest anyone getting.  the fried plantains were good, but not as tasty after some time had gone by.  all in all, i think i expected more from chicago's own bayless. oh well.The popularity of Frontera has overtaken any shred of quality.  After waiting an hour and a half for a table (which appears to be more of  a marketing scheme than anything else based on the division of seated customers and empty tables upon leaving) I was offered a broken table which could not be fixed.  Are wobbly tables really acceptable in this restaurant?  The manager tried and tried to have it fixed but only after I suggested being moved to another table did we get any result.  The guacamole was tasteless and obviously made from either unripened Haas avocados or not Haas avocados at all (more of the light green watery variety).  However, the lack of salt, lime and any other accent of flavor was problematic.  After that, a hysterical frenzy of whether or not my friend could actually order Oaxacan Carne Asada, was quite comical since Frontera only has one grill for both shrimp and meat.  This was all together unnecessary since you merely need to wipe the grill with a wet rag and burn off the rest.  Nevertheless, the meat came (cooked on the Topolobampo kitchen) and was lukewarm without any natural juice.  Yes, it was cooked medium rare as we requested but had evidently been sitting around too long to be consumed at any "hot off the grill" pleasure.  Dry and cool, the meat was flavorful but very disappointing.  The pork Poc Choc was completely unappetizing consisting of flavorless dry pork with a cascade of lime juice which overshadowed any taste and appeared to be soaked in all day.  Sides of beans, bean soup and a fried plantain were all fine.  However, for an hour and a half wait at the premier favorite restaurant of Chicago (a very competitive food city) it was in general a waste of time and absolute disappointment.  Frontera is overwhelmed by too many tables, too much chaos, not enough quality and a chef who knows nothing about authentic Mexican flavors or cooking.  I could imagine that Frontera intended to create some sort of "twist" on the Mexican kitchen since nothing tasted or appeared like the wonderful Mexican food I am accustomed to eating, but what is it? Everything was poor and not worth another visit.This is pretty close to fine dining Mexican. Everything tasted awesome and it was very fresh. I thought the prices were middle range which and the service was good!  This place gets soo packed and you usually want to have reservations, which you will need to make way in advance!This is real Mexican!  This is fabulous and meticulous food prepared by one of the best chefs in the country.  Each time I go, I am more and more amazed.  You must eat here.I really wanted to love this place.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  Enjoy Rick Bayless' cooking shows and even have one of his books.  I'm from NYC where good mexican is tough to come by.  Went on a busy sat. night, was able to get seats at the bar.  Ordered the duck with mole... the mole was pretty good, well balanced.  however the duck was OK, honestly it didn't have much flavor, could have been chicken.  However the homemade tortillas were very good.  I could have made a meal of just mole and tortillas.  Service was about what you would expect at a sports bar during the superbowl.  Seemed like the bar staff was very busy but seemed like no one was getting served.  Margaritas were average.  Hate to say it but I can find a more authentic and equally satisfying Mexican meal from the taco truck that circles my block.   Based on all the positive reviews, it seems as though I may have gone on an off-night.  Next time I'm in chicago, I'll try it againafter finishing with an interview in chicago, i had time to kill before my flight.  I figured why not join the top chef masters hype and come to this place!  meanwhile, there was a line for rick bayless' new restaurant next door which was pretty intimidating.  anyways, i went inside and after sorting out the seating rules/wait for a friday lunch, the hostess told me it would be an hour wait for a friday lunch.  so i waited in line with the pager they gave me for bar seating.  made friends with a random local who happened to be in the same profession i'm in and then my pager went off so we had lunch together!  I tried the steak which was like 30 dollars and it came with the most delicous guac and plantains ever!  The steak was perfectly cooked and the sauce was phenomenal as well.  I'm not gonna ding this place for the long wait because of all the hype especially since i'm an outsider infringing on what was a popular local place to being with.  I would definitely recommend outsiders to flood this place and try the hype!!!!this place has enough reviews.  all i'll say is that it's actually pretty good if you're a vegetarian (like me).  i got 3 or 4 of the small plates that were veggie friendly, and was quite content.  of everything i ordered though, the rice and beans was the best.  glad rick has the basics down.All hype no bite. The dinner service absolutely sucks! We were told 20 minutes for a table, 40 minutes later we finally got seated in a completely empty restaurant. I will not bother again, save yourself some trouble go to Don Pedros!!!Being a huge fan of Rick Bayless, this restaurant is extremely disappointing. The drinks are fine but the food was less than mediocre. The Hawaiian ceviche was fresh but bland. We had the mole trio- all three were disappointing to varying degrees. I've had better mole in cheap mexican places in suburbia. The fish wasn't bad and had a nice sauce but the rice was drowning in liquid smoke. Way overpriced for poor quality. It must be ages since Rick tasted the food here. Otherwise, he wouldsurely make some changes. Don't waste your money here. If you want some good Rick Bayless food, go next door to Xoco for a delicious torta.I've been here a few times and I guess I was just hoping for a little bit more. I will say I am a big fan of their ceviche (any-style, really. Maybe I just love jicama). The food was good, but not great. The drinks are pretty small, though, and that's never a good thing. I guess, like I said earlier, I was just hoping for a little bit more. I'd say, if you're looking to get blown away, you might want to go next door to Topo.if you don't want to wait (no reservations) go for brunch!  get there when it opens.  lots of foodies and crazy people waiting outside.  we tried going to xoco but they stopped serving "savory foods" so we went to frontera instead.  you will not be disappointed.  the drinks are small and expensive but we got the hot chocolate - yum!As much as i love Frontera Grill, the rating has nothing to do with the food, because the food is phenomenal. What dropped it down to 2 stars is the service we received. I went to meet my family at the bar since they were still waiting for a table, we decided just to order and eat there. They had already ordered their appetizers, Our server/bartender RICARDO was extremely annoyed by taking my and their orders for the food. It might have been me but he seemed extra jolly with everyone else but us.  Also note i work in the restaurant field, I've been a waitress since i was 15 so this was just uncalled for. We were not being annoying or rude and even if a customer is its his job to have a smile! When we got ready to pay we gave him cash which almost covered the whole bill plus a credit card to charge 40 dollars.  He charged the credit card the whole bill!!!!! Then i said very upset, you charged my card the whole bill its suppose to only be 40, very rude and snotty he responded OH i know, and no sorry , nothing he walked away and charge my card the correct amount. How disrespectful, the worst customer service i have ever experienced in a long time. A burger king has better service than him.  If you ever go there avoid him. He needs some class to teach him customer service.Great food and great service! Wide selection of offerings and a terrific wait staff. For a Chicago joint, they got Southwest right.We have had much respect for Rick Bayless and his operations and we dine out often. This was our first visit after quite a few years. It was lunch election day today when we visited. IT was SOOO disappointing! We tried a number of types of dishes because we wanted to add Frontera to our current favorites list. NOTHING was worth more than 2 stars. Even the daily special---Crusted Pork loin --was so tough it was inedible. When I commented--the waiter said "it isn't pork loin--it is pork shoulder and simply walked away. I rechecked the menu--it was listed as loin--maybe that would have been better but who knows???Best place on earth? It looks and smells beautiful. It tastes better. Order more things than you think you want to eat.for the ratings and attention this place gets it tastes like reg mexican food to me the only thing that was exceptional here was the guacamole, and this pork app i had with a spicy sauce along with their blood orange margarita another plus was that rick bayless was there its always nice to see the celebrity chef or owner their representing his or her own place however i believe that this place is just a-ok and nothing moreI agree, with Jonathan S. - this place is a 3.5 if it were in the west. It's good; it's just not *that* good compared to lots of places in California and Arizona and New Mexico. We thought things were oversalted consistently. Going at lunch seems to be the trick since you have to make reservations ages in advance for dinner. As my dining companion said, "I was less disappointed than I thought I'd be." Tamal was ok, but not life-changing; quesadillas capitalinas were not outstanding but the red salsa was great. The guacamole, which he's apparently known for, was good; the flautas were fine and the tacos al carbon were great. I'd eat here again, but I wouldn't reserve two months in advance to do so. One note - it's a very tightly packed seating arrangement, so if you are marginally claustrophobic, get seated outside where you will be treated to city traffic whizzing by. Seemed to be good for families as there were lots of kiddos in tow. The limeade was fantastic.Maybe i ordered the wrong thing? Halibut was just ok.  We got there ten min before they opened and there was already a line!Food was good--my beef was with the ambience.  I'm still paying $100+ for a dinner for two and the chairs, scenery, and tables made me feel like I was in a REAL Mexican cafe.  Not good for romantic dates or foodies in that sense.  Was pretty disappointed and felt like they should have invested in chairs i'm not uncomfortable in throughout my meal.Worth the 3 month wait for a weekend reservation? Ehhh...I feel like I need one more visit to try a few more dishes. Solid meal, though - Falda Asada "Brava" was cooked perfectly and just the right spice level. Capped off my meal with a Chocolate Mezcalero for dessert, Mmmmm.Hands down the best Mexican food I have ever enjoyed!  Rick Bayless gets it done big time!Frontera Grill is a Chicago treasure with a branch also serving O'Hare!  The food is artfully prepared and delightfully tasteful.We went during lunchtime.  we walked in. There was no waiting for a table. Great food and great service. As for price, well it is a celebrity chef restaurant so don't expect it to be cheap. We dropped over one hundred dollars on an app, two entrees, one side dish, one dessert, and several cocktails.  worth every penny for an occasional visit.We were able to get a last minute reservation (thank you Chicago Four Seasons!) much to our delight. I've been a huge fan of Rick Bayless for years and was so excited to finally taste his food! First of all, the margaritas were awesome... and I'm very picky about my margaritas. We started with the trio of Ceviche. Ceviche de Atun "Chamony" was my fav. We also ordered the small Tamale filled with pork... which I've noticed is gone from this upcoming month's menu. For entrees we ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano and the Flank steak... both were so tasty and filling. However, I do have to admit I was expecting a bit more from the Mole after all the hype I've heard about it! The atmosphere was lively and we also had a great waiter... never waited more then 2 minutes to have our margaritas filled which was surprising since the bar was absolutely packed! I can't wait to try Topolobampo next time I'm in town!About a block away from the restaurant, doggie bag in hand, we leaned against a building just to breathe and to let the pain subside. The food, you see, it was so good that the part inside that says, "Stop eating" took a break, popped open a beer, and rested in the shade.I really hate to do this but our experience here was sub-par at best. We've been wanting to come here for a very long time and are huge fans of Rick Bayless and XOCO. We sat in the bar area which had a nice atmosphere but this is where the pleasantries end.  Chips were soggy, food did not taste good and was cold. Service was just plain bad. We can't understand what all the fuss is about.Great ceviche, amazing guacamole with sun dried tomato, great dessert(s), unique margaritas shaken at the side of the table! Totally worth it but made sure to make a reservation ahead of time!If you arrive a little before 5pm you can get on the list and seated in no time. Had the sweetest server wonderful at helping you narrow down what to get. Everything was flavor explosion and super yummers. Nom. Nom. Nom.Ever since I watched Rick Bayless decimate the competition to win Top Chef Masters, I have been a fan ! He not only seemed to be a hugely talented chef, but also a really down to earth, and humble individual. Every single time I visited Chi-town, Frontera Grill was top, on my list of restaurants to visit. Unfortunately, every single time, we were unable to do so. Either it was all booked-up or the wait was too long. We finally made it this time, after a two and half hour wait. Third time lucky, don't they say ! My experience was great on all counts. The food and drinks were well prepared and executed. Starting with a mango-basil mojito, which was refreshing and moving on to the phenomenal ceviche trio. This dish was definitely the highlight of our meal, and consisted of albacore, tuna and shrimp. The seafood was extremely fresh and the multiple flavor-notes were well balanced. We also ordered the tamales, which were sweet and moist, and topped with sauteed onions and peppers and a cream sauce. For our entree, we ordered the mole trio. I figured that since Rick is always cooking moles on tv, it should be good. Out of the three, we loved the poblanos in green mole. Didn't really care for the lamb enchiladas, covered with mole and the red lamb mole. The latter mole had a bitter taste that one would expect from a sauce containing chocolate and chili, but it was not that pleasant to my palette. Guess, I am just  not a mole person ! We finished our meal with the coconut flan with fresh mango and sorbet.....great dessert !Service was great and our waiter was very knowledgeable. He was pushing us to choose the carne asada. Should have listened ......oh well...next time ! This restaurant barely missed getting 5 stars only because of the loooong wait and the mole. Excited to try Topolobampo and Xoco on our next visit !Disregard any bad review on Yelp - if you want to eat the most authentic and carefully prepared Mexican food outside of Mexico, head to Chicago and wait for a table at Frontera.One of my favorite restaurants of all time !!  The best Margarita in the city !  Also in the summer, try the Cucumber Margarita.I called to make a reservation.  The guy who answered told me no, they wouldn't take a reservation for 2, and that they open at 5 and I should probably line up outside by 4:30.  The way he acted was so douchy that I won't go back here.  The food and drinks are fine, just fine.  Not good, great, etc.  I think Zapatista and Zocolo are just as good if not better.great mexican place...the food was delicious and the place was interesting looking.  very lively and happening spot.  definitely worth coming here to check out for the food.  it was very creative and yummy!3 stars based on food, wait time and servicegot there at 5:30 in hopes of reducing the wait but didn't make the first round in.  ended up waiting just under two hours.  any restaurant that makes you wait for 2 hours better be good.  perhaps that's where the trouble started.the food was good, not great, probably 3.5 or 4 stars.  i think my expectations were too high after all the hype.  my favorite was the guacamole and the fresh tortillas.  guac was super creamy and had just the right amount of lime and cilantro.  i think there's sumthin else in there, but i couldn't put my finger on it.  i'm a sucker for fresh tortillas and these def satisfied.the ceviche Yucateco was very fresh but a little too much radish for my taste.  the Carne Asada a la Oaxaquen was good.  meat was well seasoned.  not super impressed, but maybe that's cuz i usually eat my steak medium rare.  the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano were okay.  a bit on the dry side and i was not really impressed with the mole sauce.  once my friend said it tasted like peking duck sauce, that was all i could think of.  the duck tacos weren't bad but didn't knock my socks off.our server was never around.  only came by to take our orders and give us our check.  huge deduction there.was overall disappointed so had to get churros with chocolate sauce at xoco and was super happy after that.  overall, i'd rather go to fonda.Good salsa.  Yummy (but pricey) margaritas.  Rude waiter.  I ate a bad oyster so eat at your own risk (spent the next day vomitting - not from the margaritas).  So disappointed.  :-(  Completely overrated.Not that impressed!  After all the talk, I expected magic.  And, our meal was pretty unremarkable.  Not BAD by any means... but the place was ridiculously crowded and that might have had to do with the mediocre service and so-so meals.  It just wasn't what I'd hoped it would be!Was super excited to stop in for lunch and not have to wait for a table. The guacamole was amazing!!!! So yummy! I had the enchiladas de mole poblano based upon the server's recommendatino. I'm ususally not a huge fan of mole sauce, but this was delicious! Also had the gold margarita which was perfection. Only downside to this visit was that I didn't get a chance to see Rick Bayless. Will definitely be back again!Our dinner last night was the second time we were underwhelmed at Frontera. While the food was "good", it wasn't to the excellent standard I've come to expect. We didn't see Rick Bayless walking around and that makes us wonder if his absence has anything to do with the substandard quality.Enjoyed the white corn hot cakes and huevos estilo "El Bajio."  Have a bloody maria or shot of Patron at the bar while waiting for your table.I went to this restaurant last weekend.  Food was fabulous, I had pork and nectarine stuffed poblano peppers with a wonderful walnut sauce topped with pomegranites.  It was lovely.  According to our waiter the salsa's that are sold in some stores are not the same ones that you get with your chips and salsa.  They are great though.  A friend had the guacamole and told me it was to die for.  I found this restaurant to be fabulous, and i would gladly go back.Last night after leaving the Dodgers game, I thought about coming home and writing what I hoped was inevitable.  But I didn't.  After visiting Chicago on numerous occasions, my wife and I have never failed to eat at Frontera Grill.  And now Bravo has affirmed what we always hoped was true, Rick Bayless is the best chef in the world.  We loved Alinea, Tetsuya in Sydney, traveled to Basque country, Cal Pep in Barcelona, ran the gamut in NYC - and still think the Frontera Grill is the best game in town.  I made a bet with myself that if Rick won, we'd be back ASAP (tickets booked for Columbus Day weekend) - and I can't wait.What happened to this place? I used to live in Chicago and had several fine meals here. But, boy, has this place gone downhill. Had the braised brisket, and it was tough and tasteless. The tortilla chips, pitched on the menu as fresh fried, were cold and nothing special - certainly not worth paying for. Even the salsas, which used to just floor me, seemed toned way down in flavor. Worst of all was the huckster routine by the waiter and the unpleasant atmosphere. From the start the waiter went into his shtick, always trying to upsell. "How about an order of guacamole while you look at the menu?" "We're famous for our margaritas, which are made with . . ."Whatever.Everything everyone around me ordered was an "excellent choice," as if we're 7-year-olds who need to be reassured we're not ordering incorrectly.The restaurant seems more a shrine to Rick Bayless and his products than a place serious about food, and I don't recall it being that way 10 or 15 years ago. I hate to say it, but if it walks like a tourist trap and talks like a tourist trap . . .I'm a big fan of the show Top Chef and ever since Rick Bayless won Top Chef Masters I had a mission! I was in Chicago a few weeks ago and I was determined to go to Frontera Grill even if I have to wait 5 hours! I wanted to see for myself if he really is the best in whipping up Mexican Fine Dining. We just came out of Gino East for lunch and stuffed like we were never going to eat another meal, but we walked to Frontera Grill determined to make a reservation for the night (since they told us over the phone that they are no longer taking any reservations only sign-in so we actually have to physically be at the restaurant - insanity!!) You can seriously see the line out the door a mile away from Frontera Grill - we were thinking darn this place must really be good! We got there at 4pm,got in line for 20mins. sign our names and they told us to come back at 8:45pm but they still cant guarantee that a table will be open for us. WTF!!??We decided to hit some bars and wait it out.  I think we got a little bit too tipsy so we ended up getting at Frontera grill a little bit past 9pm (and was nervous that we probably wont get a table at this point) we got to the place and they sat us right away! Jackpot! The place is really very artsy with lots of Mexican masks and local mexican arts. Then on to the Menu:Ordered some cocktails right away! 1)Blackberry Mojito: vanilla-infused D'Aristi rum, fresh mint, Klug Farm blackberries, lime juice. 10.00 2)Summer Margarita: 3 Generaciones blanco tequila, muddled organic cucumber, fresh lime juice, organic cane syrup. Shaken at the table. 10.00 3)Gold Margarita: Sauza Gold tequila, Cazadores blanco tequila and Gran Torres orange liqueur steeped with fresh lime juice. 7.00 4) Mexican Mojito: fresh-squeezed lime juice, muddled fresh mint, organic cane syrup, your choice of tequila or rum and a splash of soda. 9.50All really good but not strong enough for me :))Since we were all still stuffed from Ginos we decided to get 2 appetizers and just share two Entree:Appetizers:1) Trio, Trio, Trio: a sampling of Ceviche Fronterizo, Ceviche Yucateco and Ceviche de Atun "Chamoy." 16.00  - 3 different kinds of ceviche in a martini type of glass - the seafood in each ceviche was amazing! one had shrimp, one had tuna, and one had calamari yum! it was addicting!2) Tamal de Puerco en Mole Verde:  banana leaf-steamed tamal of fresh-ground corn masa and Maple Creek braised pork. Green pumpkinseed mole, arugula salad. 7.50  - I knew I had to order some type of Mole because that's what ulitmately what made him win Top Chef master and I swear to you, you have to order this dish! I think it had crack it was so good! lol! It was a small plate - only $7.50, I wish we ordered a few more plate of this because I can eat this on its own and Ill be a happy camper. The braised pork was so tender and juicy and the sauce was orgasmic!Entree:1) Carne Asada a la Oaxaquena: Creekstone Natural Black Angus rib steak, marinated in spicy red chile and wood- grilled, served with black beans, sweet plantains with sour cream, and guacamole. 29.50  - this Carne Asada was featured in Food Network "Best thing I ever ate" so we had to order it and damn! I totally agree with them. It was so juicy and just melt in your mouth good! The sauce was just perfect. The Carne Asada was huge! I grew up from San Diego so I know good Carne Asada, but damn this one was really good!2) Poc Chuc de Puerco:  sour orange-marinated, grill-seared Maple Creek pork with Yucatecan garnishes: grill-roasted onions, sliced heirloom tomatoes, tangy Napa cabbage, avocado, habanero salsa, black bean "soup." 23.00  - I wanted to try another speciality so we tried their Porkchop marinated in Sour Orange. This was also recommended by the server.  It was really good too and just a tip - watch out for the little green sauce that comes with this dish - it was freakin' hot! I think it was made in Hell because it burned all of our tongue! The server warned us but silly me, i didnt believe him, i put a big spoonful of that melted fire and bam!! My mouth was on fire!!!!! it was good though lol!We had no room for desert so we decided to stop eating lol! We had the best time ever in Frontera Grill - I still dream about that Mole, im glad he doesnt have a restaurant in California otherwise I'd be 500lbs! You have to go to Frontera Grill at least once in your life - you will not regret it.  Rick Bayless is the man, if he can't do it, no one can!!!Love the Frontera! Been going since my college pal (who  hails from San Anton) bought me lunch and told me it was the best Mexican in the US. This was in 92, and I think Frontera had just opened the year before. Having grown in up in Az, I thought I  knew Mexican cuisine, but I soon discovered that what I had grown up with was Tex-Mex. First mole was exquisite. Have been trying to make it back at last once a year, even in lean times (like this year). The food, after 15 years is still the best. And yes, it's worth a long wait. Can't wait to try Xoco.I was disappointed in the amount of vegetarian options available; Between what I heard was a delicious stew (Pozole de Frijol) from the other vegetarians at the table and the tacos with marinated portabello mushrooms and guacamole, I chose the tacos based on my taste that evening.  I had to have rice instead of beans because the pinto beans were cooked with bacon and apparently the black beans were cooked with lard.  My meal was decent, but a bit over priced.  My table also enjoyed their meals and drinks.  A few of us devoured the two ice cream options available and a chocolate cappuccino.   Overall, if it wasn't for my boyfriend's parents treating us out (the restaurant chosen by my boyfriend's brother), I probably wouldn't have gone (based on the cost and vegetarian options).  But, I might try out XOCO.  Rick Bayless is still great, but I hope he will offer more vegetarian dishes at his restaurants in the future!Food was incredible and very interesting. It was crowded, but not overwhelmingly so. Much cheaper than I expected. I would give it 5 stars if it weren't for the extremely slow service.Rick Bayless, you never cease to amaze me.  I have been to Frontera for brunch and dinner, and both meals were fantastic.  Like Topolobampo, the ingredients were so fresh and the flavor combinations were amazing in every dish.  The staff was extremely knowledgeable and the service was good.  I really wish I liked tequila, because the margaritas looked awesome.  With Rick Bayless' extensive background in Mexican culture, all of his food is extremely authentic and makes you look at Mexican food in a completely different light.  Keep in mind to make reservations extremely far in advance for dinner, especially for a Friday or Saturday.Just go eat here without delay.  This is the real thing. I'd been away from California for a long time, and on an eternal search for Mexican food.  Bayless knows what he is doing.  This was one of the few culinary experiences I'll never forget.  Start with the seasonal margaritas, or any of the margaritas they offer.  You can't go wrong with any of the menu selections.  The best of Mexican food with the finest and freshest of ingredients.  They don't take short cuts.  To top it all off, the Frontera is cheaper than I'd usually expect for such quality.I love Rick Bayless. Just had to say that. I have been to Xoco, Frontera, Topelobampo, and own multiple cookbooks. I love his approach to mexican cuisine and the flavors are unbelievable. Of his three restaurants, Frontera is my favorite because of the casual atmosphere/menu. The food is a nice happy medium between what you typically think of when you think mexican food, and a five star amazing chef's interpretation of mexican. The menu is seasonal and very fresh. I crazy love the margaritas, the chicken in mole enchiladas, the black beans, ooh it is all so delicious. Service was what you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber. The only downside is how far in advance you have to call for a reservation. This is not somewhere you can just stop into either unless you are patient enough to wait 1.5-2 hrs, which I am not.I will be honest.  I've heard nothing but good things about this restaurant.  The atmosphere, the staff and everything is very good, however my dish last night wasn't that good.  If I were to base my opinion solely on my dish last night, then I would never go back.  However, my companions dishes were amazing and delicious.  I ordered the chicken breast with pumpkin seeds, kale and butternut squash.  The chicken was very flavorful, however the kale and the butternut squash were very bland.  I could have used more flavor, not necessarily spice, but more flavor.  My companion had the steak which was delicious and it came with this corn-bread thing which just melted in my mouth.We usually go there an hour before closing and there's no wait at that time. (We are European, eating at 9:30pm is no problem.) The food is great, and we prefer to order a few things from the appetizer menu, so you get to taste more different things. Cocktails are awesome, the tamarind margarita in particular (with a chili pepper rim - great touch for the hot food lovers like us). If you can, try to get a table in the right part of the restaurant, it is cuter and less diner-y. The SO had a few things he was not all that happy about, hence the 4 stars (in place of 5).Totally worth it!! Loved every moment.When we called they told us that they only take a limited number of reservations but that they open at 5 and they do walk ins (which is actually really nice otherwise you would be waiting for weeks/months for a reservation). Anyways they told us people start lining up around 4:15 and they weren't kidding. We arrived around 430 and got in line which wasn't too bad. They took our name and let us into the bar starting at 5 which was semi spacious with a nice menu of unique drinks. Wonderful margaritas with good bartenders!We only waited for about 30min for a table  because they stagger the seating so there isn't a huge rush for the kitchen.We sat outside. The server and wait staff were outstanding. They had wonderful recommendations and the food was delicious! Get the ceviche trio you won't regret it and both the duck and shrimp entrees were outstanding. Flavors were unique and delicious. I have never had food quite like it before. The press coffee and tres leches for dessert was a wonderful finish to the meal.If you get the chance you should go! I will definitely be going back the next chance I get. It is worth waiting in line.I was recently in Chicago and had lunch at Frontera. I was very happy with the food and the prices. The service was fine; though certainly nothing to brag about. The decor of Frontera was really nice and though the place was a bit loud I think that Rick B. has a fantastic concept in both his style of dishes and the different restaurants all in basically the same location. Next time I'm in town I want to try breakfast at his casual place next to Frontera. I would recommend this to anyone who loves good, slightly unique food that is made with fantastic ingredients. I had the Sea Bass (I believe) over mashed potatoes and green chili cream sauce....it was fantastic. My coworker had the enchiladas in a red chili mole; it was also really good.The food is delicious, but when you consider the prices and wait time, there are better options in the area. We arrived as soon as they opened (on a Saturday), and still waited an hour and a half to be seated.  The ribs were excellent!Excellent flavor profile.  We had weekend brunch, everything we tried was terrific and great service to match the outstanding food.We tried Frontera on a Friday afternoon.  It was super busy but we only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table in the bar area.  The couple we were with are not very adventurous eaters so I was worried they wouldn't like this authentic Mexican food.  Luckily we had Raymond as a server and he was able to suggest both drinks and food.  We loved the guacamole, it was outstanding.  He suggested four different dishes to eat family style.  They included the duck, the chicken taquitos, pork pineapple tacos, and the special of the day which was mahi mahi.  We loved it all!  The chicken dish was our least favorite and is what we all would've probably ordered had we been left to order on our own.  My advice is get the opinion of the server here on what to eat.  I'm sure they are all very knowledgeable and it make our experience infinitely better.  We skipped dessert here and went next door for fresh, hot churros.  Definitely the right choice.  Eat here you won't be disappointed.So I came here (okay my mom is obsessed with Rick Bayless and made me come) and was delighted at the flavors of the restaurant. We were in Chicago basically eating our way through and honestly only had room for two appetizers as all we had been doing was eating. Sooo we each chose one. My mom chose the chorizo con queso with roasted veggies (non-official name, but that's what it was) which you serve in fresh tortillas...and I mean YUM....cheese topped with chorizo served with tortillas and flavors of spicy chilies. MMMMMM. I chose the mini corncake cups with roasted pulled pork. YUMMMM. There were 4 of these and we were in heaven. The corn cake was slightly fried then filled with the pork and so good. We also ordered the chips and salsa which were of course freshly made and just a slight amount of salsa, red and green. Good not great (Sorry Rick).This was the restaurant I had been lusting after in Chicago for 4 years, but I can't say that it fulfilled my expectations.  The service was great and the atmosphere was unpretentious, but the food wasn't as flavorful as I had anticipated.  However, the presentation of the food was very nice.  I think if my hopes weren't so high, I would have given it 4 stars.  Still a must eat if you're in Chicago.Not exactly sure why there is a 2-month wait for reservations here. Maybe there is a shortage of Mexican restaurants in Chicago? I live in Los Angeles, so I have been to some great Mexican/Latin restaurants including RED O (Rick Bayless' L.A. restaurant) which was a terrific experience. At Frontera there were only two of us, so we ordered strictly appetizers to hopefully get the best variety. The food, while decent, was not extraordinary. And the service I would describe as chaotic. For some reason I got my tortilla soup LAST - a full 20 minutes after my previous course. Plus there were long stretches where we couldn't find our waiter. I think we expected more from a place that has a two-month wait.This place is worth the hype. It was delicious! We had a great jicama salad with chile which was the perfect way (along with some of their signature margaritas) to start the meal. This place gets really busy, so getting there at an off time helps. If you show up right at 5, or really late, the wait isn't bad.good food, guacamole was awesome, ceviche was just okay, the duck I ordered was great. I don't really like the atmosphere much, too crowded, too small, and too long of wait if you don't have reservation.Although it is a splurge (in Mexican food terms) to eat here, I most definitely plan on returning.  Mexican is my favorite food, and this place is the best.  The food was fresh, delicious, and the service was great. *Really glad I made reservations-it gets busy!*Amazing.Great dinner last night at Frontera Grill. From the food to the service, everything was terrific. The drink list is inviting and the drinks live up to the hype. We opted for a number of the small plates that gave us the opportunity to experience more of the food. Our favorites were the Frontera Guacamole, the Classic Queso Fundido, and the Pork Tinga. No room for dessert but there were interesting options. I have been a fan of Rick Bayless for years from his tv appearances. Happy to finally be able to enjoy one of his restaurants.Excellent, unusual Mexican food with fresh, fresh ingredients and flavors.  Only minus is getting a seat.Just moved to Chicago and this has quickly become my favorite restaurant.  Great food, excellent service.This is an Ok place. It takes a while to get seated and the food is average. It is pricey for what you will get. If you love authentic and delicious mexican food, try somewhere else.This place is overpriced crap.  I ordered skirt steak tacos:  the meat smelled and tasted like mold, and there wasn't that much of it.  By the time tax and tip were done I paid $27 for a meal that I couldn't even eat.  The guy I was with ordered salmon cooked through and got medium rare at first and medium when he sent it back to be cooked the way he ordered it.  I just don't understand the high ratings this dump has been given.I'm from San Diego and I love Mexican food. So while on vacation in Chicago, I was desperately looking for a mexican restaurant. This one was recommended in my travel book so my mom and I took a shot at it. By the size of the crowd I could tell this was a happenin place. We started with the guacamole dip which was amazing! Then for lunch I had beef tacos. Yum! No fat at all on the meat and it was so tender. My mom had the goat enchiladas and she loved them. We'll definately visit this place again on our next vacation.Went before 5 and sat at the bar, no wait. An incredible eating experience from the Margaritas thru the duck taco appetizer to the pork loin with figs and the flautas. Fantastic. The flan dessert (one lemon and one vanilla) was less successful, but overall this is an experience not to be missed.This place is one of my favoriate places to dine in the city.  I've been here twice now and I will go back again.  The food is outstanding, it's the best Mexican food in Chi Town.  I highly recommend Frontera Grill.  The prices are good and the wait staff is very friendly.  Also, they are constantly changing the menu.  The flavors in the food definately stand out.After hearing rave reviews about Frontera Grill from my friends, I attempted to make a reservation for an early dinner on a Wednesday...after being on hold for at least 5 minutes, the hostess was extremely rude and told me that there were no open reservations and we would have to wait. Before I finished asking my next question she had already hung up on me, great first impression.Waited in line at 5pm, when "opens" == table seating does not occur immediately so everyone in line is forced into bar to buy drinks.  Food ( duck tacos) medium warm,  bean side dish also partially warmed.. overall-- californian not impressed at all .. Obviously fame has gotten to this place. Oh yeah  somewhat surly waiter.  Overall impression, mediocre.I absolutely loved this place!!  Everything was spectacular...from the decor to the service and then to the food.  The restaurant itself is rather small but decorated lovely and the overall ambiance is very pleasing.  Our waiter was phenomenal...answering all of our questions and he had such an incredible attitude!  One of the best things we ate was the queso fundido clasico!  It was out of this world delicious!!  We will definitely going back...soon!The food was ok, but most certainly not worth waiting nearly two hours to eat.  The staff was obnoxious and had the nerve to try to rush us out when it wasn't our fault we weren't sat until 10pm.I have been here several times, but not in the last year or so.  On a recent spring day several of us went for lunch.  The guacamole continues to be outstanding.  However, my chicken tacos - always excellent - were just average.  Disappointingly, they were not warm either.  The server was congenial but either spread too thin among the tables, or inattentive.  There were long waits to order, for dessert, and for taking an extra place setting off the table and clearing dishes.  (We were invisible to the staff on this.)  The other entrees were good, but surely not great.  The dessert was overpriced and not that tasty.  To be generous, I will stick with three stars.  Overall, not as good as I remembered but the prices were higher of course,The pork tacos and specialty plates were simply delicious.  The tacos were quite possibly the best pork I've ever eaten.  Wish i could give it more than 5 stars.I've been going to Frontera for years and it has never wavered as hands-down one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. From tongue tacos to ceviche to goat cheese ice cream, I'm consistently amazed. The only downside is the long wait for a table. Being able to make a reservation would definitely add to the experience.The hubby and I went there yesterday (my first time) this places opens at 5 pm for dinner, we stand in line not a long wait to get inside only to be told they couldnt seat us till 5:30 if we wanted to eat inside it would be 5:45 .  I asked if there was no one seated in the resturant (sic) then why such a long wait?  I was told, "We don't seat everybody at the same time."  R U F'ing Kidding me?  So they sending everybody to the bar to wait?!?!?!? I truly hate that we recieved a gift certificate from there as a wedding present, I won't be using it!in two words,tourist trap! I waited 20 years to eat here , the food was nothing to write home about,the margaritas were great,the waiter was aloof staring into the street when we were ordering.Everyone I talked was a first timer. I would not reconmend.This place is EXTREMELY overrated. Don't be fooled by the designer price tag, the product does not deliver. I love mexican, latin, southwestern food, and this place wasn't really any of the above, just meh. Like you'd get in a food court. Seriously. But with fancier preparation. I know it has lots of hype, and you think you'll be magically transported to Arizona or something... But from someone who grew up in Arizona, just skip it. There are much better options in the city where you don't pay for the name.By far one of th best restaurant experiences I have ever had in the city.  Yes, yes , the food is AMAZING!  I had an wonderful ceviche,  Tuna cocktail with mangos, and a succulent carne asada.  Did I mention the mango basil mojitos?  But, it so rare that you sit at your table and think "my waiter is just awesome." (Thanks Tom!)  We got there at 4:30pm and waited in line for the doors to open at 5pm (we were already 45th in line by then but we were given a table at 6.  Which was better than the 3.5 wait that was given to new arrivals by the time we left.)Loved Frontera Grill!!!  My husband and I went with another couple to celebrate a Birthday, and we had a fantastic time.  We made the reservation several months in advance, and it was well worth it.  We walked in, and they took us right to our table.  There were so many fantastic choices on the menu, so we asked the server for recommendations.  We started with guacamole for the table.  It was the best guacamole I have ever eaten, and I've had lots of guacamole.  I read a few reviews that said they'd skip the guacamole for that price tag, but I totally disagree!!  The avocados were so perfect and creamy!  Our server suggested the Special that night which was Cochinita Pibil, a pork dish.  It was so yummy!!!  I wanted to lick the plate clean.  It came with habanero salsa, which was the spiciest thing I have ever tasted in my life.  It was the perfect companion to the pork.  The portion was so large, I couldn't finish the whole thing.  My husband had the Oaxacan-Style Carne Asada, which was also delicious!  The plantains with this dish were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, adding just the right amount of sweetness for the beef.  We also shared the mushrooms and green beans at the table.  Again, great recommendations from our server.  We ended our meal by sharing the Tres Leches de Coco.  The kitchen had added Happy Birthday and a candle to the dish, making our friend's night.  This dish was heaven!  The cake was not too soggy and the mango sorbet was so fresh and light!!!  Loved it!Everyone at the table said the drinks were fantastic.  There was a variety of Topolo Margaritas and Mexican Mojitos.  My only complaint - being pregnant I asked if they could make a virgin drink and the server pointed me to the soda section.  I was a little let down with my selection, some sort of homemade soda that was quite sweet.  Overall, we loved this restaurant and cannot wait to go back!!!Sooo amazing! One of my favorite restaurants of all time! I absolutely love their steak and corn cakes. Everything there is so delicious; I also enjoy Frontera's line of salsa and guacamole mix!I suppose if spending $100 per person to eat poorly presented Mexican Food doused in Lime Juice is your idea of a good meal, then this is the place for you.My trip to Frontera Grill was for a rehearsal dinner so I can't say anything about the regular menu/service in the restaurant.  I can say that the bottomless margaritas we had along with incredibly fresh and tasty guacamole and chips definitely started our meal off right.  Once seated our enormous meal consisted of  little tastes of all their appetizers - ceviche, tamale bites, taquitos and some jicama and other veggies.  So good!  Our plate was gone quickly.  The service was pretty slow but the servers were great about explaining the wine pairings and food when it actually came out.  The entree choices of pork, carne asada or fish were sampled by everyone at our table and no one was disappointed.  Mostly they were just stuffed from the large portions!  By the time we got to the dessert most of us couldn't touch it but I have to say the pecan pie was amazing.  I have no idea how much the entire event cost but I would suggest it to anyone looking for a place to have a private party.  Everyone loved it!The inside of Frontera looks like every campy Mexican restaurant, with bright colors and paintings on the walls. The difference is apparent when the food arrives. We went for brunch, and were told we would wait 45 minutes for a 2 top. We had just barely saddled up to the bar when a table came available 10 minutes later. We had guacamole, which was made  EXACTLY the way it should be. My husband enjoyed mixing and matching hot sauces with it to create the right amount of kick for him. He ordered the gorditas and I had Iriquois hot cakes. The flavor of the hot cakes was unlike anything I've had before. The syrup had the flavor of caramelized sugar without tasting burnt, and went perfectly with the cinnamon goat cheese on top. The red chile rubbed bacon was delicious. The chile did not overpower the flavor of the bacon. The odd ball on the plate was two sunny side up eggs which were good, but totally bland compared to the rest of the plate. I enjoyed a pear mojito with my meal, which I would trade out for a different drink in the future.Okay, so you saying to yourself "why is this guy giving one of the most famous restaurants in Chicago 2 stars?" Well, I had one of the worst dinning experiences I have ever had here. After waiting in line for an hour to get a seat, even though they told me on the phone that we had a reservation for 9 and there would not be a wait of more than 10 minutes, we were seated by an extremely rude host, and then sat for approximately  25 minutes without so much as a hello from any of the staff. It was like we were not there. We finally had to flag down a waitress to get water and menus. Eventually some one came and took our drink and appetizer order, which was served promptly, but no came back for the rest of our order for almost a half hour (some one did fill our water during that time) Once the waitress showed back up and took our order, it was almost 45 minutes before we were served our food or asked if we needed another drink. Once we had finished our meal, it took almost half an hour for some one to realize that our table needed to be be busses. All of this was going on as Rick Bayless was sitting about 20 feet away from us at the counter. Now, I know this place is busy and all, but maybe there is a line out the because it take s 3 hours to get to dessert due to the crappy service. This was the worst experience I have had at a place were a meal for 4 runs $225...So like most other people, you hear all this stuff about how great this place is and you wonder is it true.  I have had the pleasure of going 2 times and it is stellar.  Yes the wait is ridiculous...but my theory is find a bar that you can drink at before had and then come back in an hour or so and eat.  If you can get reservations even better.  They have a great cocktail list of fun and exciting tequilas and mojitos.  The thing that stands out is the vibrant energy of the place.  Having visited Mexico the mole sauce is reminiscent of what is hard to find here in the states.  There is an amazing blend of flavors in the food and you taste it in every bite.  Parking is a bit complicated so make it easy and valet.  The only thing I will say is do not come to eat with lite pockets.  It will cost you, but this is not just a meal.  It is also an experience.  Rick Bayless hats off!  If you visit Chicago bite the bullet and go.Just had dinner last night.  Heard so much about Bayless' restaurant from California and was told it was a must dine place in Chicago.  I walked in with a party of 7 just dying to be dazzled... In Cali, we're spoiled with southwest/Mexican food.  My fish dish was pretty good but certainly nothing to rave about.  Three of my friends thought their dishes of taquitos, burritos and moles were above average; but the other three, were very disappointed.  The Carne asada tacos were too fatty and just plain.  I think all seven of us unanimously agreed that it was overpriced and the portions were too small.  I couldn't believe how stingy they were with the chips.  Waiter is a nice guy but forgot one of the orders, which was ultimately cancelled.  Sadly, half of my group were still hungry so they stopped and picked up some Chicago hot dogs on the way back.  I bought a cookbook before we sat at the table and now regret it.  Pretty bummed...Having watched Rick Bayless' television program several times, I was excited to try Frontera Grill.  I admire Mr. Bayless' passion for Mexican food that he exhibits on his show.  I was expecting that passion to be reflected in the cuisine of Frontera Grill.  It was not.  I ordered the Enchiladas Potosinas and the Tacos al Carbon made with pork.  The Enchiladas Potosinas were deep fried turnovers I guess which were bland and didn't taste like much.  They came with guacamole and I enjoyed the guacamole more than the actual dish.  The Tacos al Carbon were bland cooked slices of tasteless pork in a sauce that I believe is supposed to taste like typical Mexican carbon sauce but misses the boat.  I have had it several times in Mexico. It also came with Guacamole which was very good.  Overall, it didn't seem that Mr. Bayless' obvious passion for Mexican cuisine was executed effectively into the execution and/or flavors of what I tasted.  I was somewhat disappointed as I am a big fan of Mr. Bayless on his television program.I will be the first to admit that I had fairly high expectations for Frontera Grill.  And it was just an all-around disappointment.  The service was ridiculously slow, which I can deal with on a busy night if the food is good, but the food wasn't.  Every single dish except for one came out lukewarm at best and the flavors were ok, but not stellar.  The only two dishes that came out both warm and flavorful were the brothy corn esquites and the poc chuc (grilled pork).  The poc chuc was my favorite dish of the evening - the spicy black bean soup was really good and the pork itself was very tasty.  The smoked chicken queso fundido was near inedible (or it would have been if we hadn't been STARVING after waiting so long) as it was room temperature and congealed.  Plus the cheddar was just too sharp for fundido and overwhelmed the flavor of the chicken and the salsa.  The fresh corn tamales would have been tasty if served hot or even warm, but they were delivered to us room temperature.  The duck enchiladas were warm and ok, but they were really sweet.  I really like pineapple, but it was literally all you could taste.  The traditional guacamole was fine, as were the chips served along side the guacamole, but overall the restaurant wasreally "meh."  I hope it was just an off night with both the kitchen and the wait staff or maybe we just ordered all of the wrong dishes (with the exception of the pork).Went to Rick Bayless's famous Frontera Grill for lunch. We went at the end of the lunch rush and it was surprisingly not crowded (it was snowing). I was with work collegaues so I did not get to sample any of the alcoholic beverages, which I will look forward to the next time I visit. We all shared the chips and guac, which was good. I was very happy with my meal, which was Puerco al Albanil. The brothy sauce of serrano chiles, caramelized onions, sun-dried tomatoes, bacon was delicious and the meat was tender. I almost wished there was more sauce. Our waiter was a little slow to take our orders but seemed very knowledgable. Possible highlight of the meal was when we were waiting for our coats from the coat check. We were standing around and Rick strolls back from the kitchen around the host stand and around the corner to the bar area where they were having a staff meeting. He was in his chef's jacket, so I can only assume he cooked my meal personally.I had a very perplexing experience here.  I am in town for work and was looking forward to eating here at the bar as I was dining alone tonight.  I went fairly early and got a seat at a counter with seats near the bar.  Other people were having drinks and small plates, it looked nice.   It was almost impossible to get waited on.  I was passed by, watched other parties get waited on, served drinks, served food even though I had ordered before them.  I eventually got a drink and some food but the waiter kept trying to sell me more dishes (I'd ordered all I wanted).  He tried to walk away with my half finished drink when I told him I didn't want another.  I was not rude but they could tell I wasn't very happy.  When he brought the bill he disappeared.  (After they tried to get me to order dessert--two people stopped by to ask about dessert--weird, after being ignored for so long for basic ordering?)  I left cash for the bill and walked out.  I enjoy eating out, and usually have a lot of fun, whether with other people or alone.  I  really don't understand why I was treated like this.  Disdain, indifference, not quite sure how to describe it.My experience (and my colleagues -- we were there on a business lunch) was ruined by a very odd visit from the manager, who was responding to my nut allergy info passed on by our waiter.  The manager wanted me to know that I had no reasonable expectation of having a nut free meal, because Frontera is a "live kitchen" -- they use a lot of knives, they grind a lot of things, there's a distinct possibility that this equipment could be use to cut/grind something with nuts, and then be used for my meal.  He asked me if I had an epipen on me "just in case."  Then he told me that he couldn't assure me that there would be no nuts in my food, and if I chose to eat there I was doing it "at my own risk."  And his demeanor was kind of scolding.  The message was -- look, it's unreasonable for you to come in here and try to eat safely (he kept using the phrase "live kitchen") but if you do and something bad happens -- well shame on you for coming in the first place!  I've never had anybody treat me that way -- and I've never had a restaurant basically say Hey -- you have an allergy?  Too bad.  This seems to be a policy change (or at least an atmosphere change) because the last several times I've been to Topo, at least, the manager has guided me to safe foods and it's been fine.  Maybe because of that -- the food was ok, but not worth the lecture on "live kitchens" from the manager.yum yum!