We had our very last meal in N.O here and it was great.  Their sweet tea was nice and sweet, and my meal was great.  I decided to try a]the craw fish pie with a side of greens.  It was pretty much an empanada stuffed with a filling similar to craw fish ettoufee.  the pastry was flaky and perfectly baked or fried, I am not even sure, but it was very good.  I tasted a bit of my friends macaroni and cheese, which was wonderful.  After lunch, we also decided to order dessert, which was the Peanut Brittle homemade ice cream.  I have never had ice cream so incredibly creamy.  It was definitely homemade and the complete opposite of ice cream out of a carton.  We loved it so much.  We also realized that there was a butcher shop located right next door that was also affiliated with Cachon.  We stopped there after finishing up our ice cream so that my friend's mother could order a traditional Muffaletta sandwich to take on the plane. She was kind enough to give me a piece, and I was so glad because it was amazing. The Muffaletta is a round sandwich with different sorts of meat and topped with a sauce consisting of olives.  It was so good, it will be the first thing I eat if I ever make it back to New Orleans.In short: this place was just alright.  It definitely does not warrant itself a 4 or 5.  I tried the wood-fired oyster roast, fried alligator, smoked pork ribs, the cochon (main entree), pork cheeks, gumbo, and fried livers.Oyster:  Really good flavorFried alligator: it is fried food with their red sauce that is pretty tasty and better with the mint.  Smoked pork ribs: I don't like smoked stuff but this one actually grew on me.  I actually enjoyed it. It doesn't have a bitter after taste and the smoked flavor and smell is not strong at all.  It's the right balance.  Surprisingly, it was my favorite out of everything.Cochon ($28) - it's like eating pork with a crapload of salt.  Seriously, I don't know if it's only that evening, but the chef was heavy handed on the salt. :/  Sheesh.  It was NOT worth the $28 even if you are a pork lover...and I AM a pork eater.  You aint' missing much. Save your money for the smaller plates.  Pork cheeks - let's just say this...I remember it being sweet and unimpressive. Enough said.  Gumbo - it was alright. Had better 'nuff said.Fried livers - TOO MUCH batter. I mean it was like eating batter with a hint of liver. LOL...yeah no.So folks, let's just say this. Their main entrees like like around $20 and up.  We sat next to a group of adults and we looked over and they did NOT even finish their food.  I mean, I don't care if people get full or they don't want to gain weight or whatever, but if you have really good food in front of you and you love food, you WILL finish 99% of your food.  Yeah...one guy ate only half. I think he brought it to go, but I can't be too sure. We left before they did.  So for all the 5 ratings...yikes.  I'm surprised this place got 4 stars.  I should've tried their deli side instead.  Darn!On a recommendation we came here for a birthday dinner. The reason I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because not only did we tell them we were celebrating a birthday but we all had "look who is 40" T-shirts on and we were not given any restaurant acknowledgement.  Now for the food. We ordered all the appetizers and all the sides in order to get a taste of Cochon. Everything was wonderful the oysters, the crawfish pie, the eggplant casserole oh my it was all really great.We ordered the sissy moonshine flight which included a vanilla nutmeg, a strawberry and a peach moonshine. Super yummy, and yes we are sissy girls so we tried the sissy shines.Try this restaurant if you have the time' it is worth it!This place was amazing! It's a little out of the way, but totally worth going to!We started with the boucherie plate. I have no idea what was actually on this, and I'm not sure if I want to find out, but I loved all of it... Even the weird liver spread was good and I am not usually a liver person. My bf didn't love it all, but I'd definitely get this again.Apparently the Mac and cheese casserole was great (said the bf).Skip the cucumber and herbs in vinaigrette.. They are just ok.The catfish courtbouillon was spot on! Is definitely recommend getting it! The flavors were incredible.The Louisiana cochon was also a must-get since it's the namesake of both the restaurant and the state.. How can you go wrong?!Fresh baked rolls are out of this world. Ham hock =  life changing. Next time, and every time I am in New Orleans, I will be making a stop here.This place has enough positive reviews and I'm high on this place too!!The overall preparation...ingredients..and spice level were all to my personal tastes.There's no many places I would go 5 chips on da ratings but count this one.The food are streamlined and elevated takes on soul/down home foods and executed well. The menu is not grand in it's offerings: a good sign that everything on the menu is probably really strong and would like to repeat visits to sample dishes I did't try.I had the oysters roasted/broiled with the chili butter sauce....greatThe Chili glazed shrimp small gulf shrimp fried crispy with very thinly crispy lemon n onions in a crispy batter....with a drizzle of maybe some home made sweet chili sauce...the shrimp portion was not bountiful but somehow made it a more shareable /"try this" dish...still pretty good.Also tried the spareribs with picked watermelon...like that a lot!! well executed ...familiar and not too untraditional ...cooked long...which is how these cuts of meet should be...and the smoked ham hock with a light tasting medley of black eyed peas, cucumbers,cherry tomatoes was a pleasant compliment to the best take on a ham hock.!!sides? mac and cheese was good but its not my thing: everyplace tries to have mac n cheese menus these days....the smoked collards were some of the better i've eaten in any southern or bbq joint too...drinks are solid as i could tell from one or two types of mixed drinks that the bar knows what they're doing....nice modern open space but wood decor makes it clean and trendy but comfy and not pretentious ...thumbs upHoney! My meal was great! The swimming holeThe Mac and cheeseThe alligatorAndThe Cochon with turnip greens. I'm definitely happy we decided to eat here.Any of their pork dishes are delicious, and their wait staff is fantastic. Loved the contemporary feel.Three months ago, I had the distinct pleasure, yes, living proof of Yelpers culinary expert two cents.Wow. Is this place AhhhhhhhhhMayyyyyyZzziiiinng. Amazing.And now my Yelpers my ratings forever are skewed...because apparently  after eating here from these delicious small plates...I realized a sad fact. What I have been fed, what I've purchased all my life....was not food.Because I don't know what is unleaded behind Couchon, but hurry up & get here.See if you agree? Because now I know what food is. Bam. It's so worth the drive from Houston!IMHO from a NYC metro native.I was in New Orleans for business, and I was staying at the Marriott Convention Center, and this restaurant was a 5 minute walk away.  My wife and I went here twice....in a row, it was the good!  The first night we were able to sit at "The Chef's Counter" which is an area that overlooks the wood burning oven, and a very hectic kitchen.  The appetizers that I had (between both nights) were the Fried Alligator, and the oven-roasted oysters.  First the gator...YUM!  It was seasoned just right, and the chili-garlic mayonnaise that was drizzled lightly over the top really brought this dish together.  Now for the oysters---heaven.  The compound butter that is put on these oysters is so delicious.  If you think you do not like Oysters (especially if they came from the Atlantic or Pacific Ocean), you need to try gulf oysters.  They are much more mellow, and not as briny as their cousins from the Atlantic.  An order is typically served with 6-8 oysters (depending on size), and this is so worth it!My wife had the Heirloom Tomato Salad with toasted bread and farmer's cheese.  DO NOT pass by this small, yet scrumptious salad.  It starts out with a big piece of white bread (toasted perfectly), on top of that Cochon spreads a very simple pesto (without pinenuts!), and then spreads farmers cheese on top of that.  It is quickly fired in the oven, and then topped with fresh heirloom tomatoes that are dressed simply in olive oil.  My mouth still waters thinking about this dish, and it is only a piece of bread with tomatoes on it!!!!For the entree, both nights, I had the Rabbit and Dumplings.  Words cannot describe how delicious this dish is.  It is like a chicken pot pie with tender pieces of rabbit served in a cast iron skillet, and topped with homemade biscuits.  I am well aware that New Orleans is hot and muggy, especially in the summer time, but this dish instantaneously brought me back to a snowy New England day.  I also did enjoy a side of their Mac and Cheese Casserole, and that was pretty good as well.  My wife had the smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle.  There was a spice that she was not too fond of, but since I married her, I was able to eat some of this dish.  While not my favorite, it was really delicious, and the watermelon pickle complimented this dish very nicely. I cannot wait to return back to New Orleans, and rest assured, this will be our first stop for dinner.A bit of cosmopolitan polish in New Orleans. This place has a little bit of everything -- tweaked NawLins dishes, more exotic choices like liver or sweetbreads and safe picks like steak & fish. The booze follows suit safe or spunky--there are quality choices in every category.Had a good smattering of everything for a large group dinner (reservations a good idea). Pork cheeks, gumbo, special of lamb shank all really fine tuned and very good.Definitely a good hybrid to take foodie types & those who go opt to go safer.They are diligent in keeping their menus updated online so you can easily see about the latest cracklin'.As a native of New Orleans and a regular back in the home town, it's often a challenge to find something I would consider exceptional in a city teaming with very good restaurants. Cochon is an outstanding pearl among the jewels of New Orleans cuisine. With the Oyster Roast starter and sharing the Duck Dumplings and Stew and the Louisiana Cochon, my daughter and I found a measure of food heaven! We shall return to finish working our way through the menu. And by the way, having not spared a morsel on the plate, we had to take the absolutely delicious peanut butter and chocolate pie to go.The food is incredible. Southern food done SO RIGHT!! The ambiance is casual but still feels nice. It was warm and cozy, but still cool and modern. The service wasn't bad, but I could feel the waitress, tall curly blond, wanting the night to be done. She was a little in attentive and wasn't very welcoming. I nitpick when it comes to service because I was once a server and I know what's expected. She's the reason I brought my stars from 5 to 4. The food, however, is incredible. I was a Cochon virgin, so I order their classic Cochon dish. 5 stars. Delicious. We got the oysters, boudin balls, Cochon and Mac n cheese. The oysters were incredible, such a bold flavor. The boudin balls weren't anything special. I think I could find them better in a hole in the wall, but still tasty. The Cochon was perfect; diverse textures, balanced flavors and left me wanting more. Omg yum. And the mac n cheese was great, soul warming and satisfying. For dessert we got the pineapple upside down cake. It was moist, packed with pineapples, and paired with a cherry sorbet, which is what sold me. Basically, I will be coming back. Enjoy!!Wow. Wow. Wow. This place is amazing. Tonight was my first time here. I'm down here from Atlanta with the band I travel with and a local friend recommended this place. First off, right when you walk in the door you smack right between the eyes with the amazing smell of the kitchen. Followed by the great atmosphere and great hostesses. We had the oysters as our started and by far the best I've ever had. I had the rabbit and dumpling today and their use of fresh ingredients and herbs is very much loved by me! My meal was an A+ and I have no complaints about my meal or our waiter. He was great. Very knowledgable about the menu and great attitude. I wouldn't change a thing! Stop what you are doing and go there. Now. Like - Right now.We went to Cochon this evening as the last dinner in NOLA. We could not pick the better place because everything was absolutely amazing! Crawfish pie, mushroom salad, and bread pudding. We'll dido mutely be back when we visit New Orleans again!Went yesterday for the first time. No complaints. Service was great, beer selection was incredible with good prices. We had fried alligator for the table which was so good we ordered another. I had the porchetta sandwich special which was incredible. The oyster and bacon sandwich was also great. Good fresh bread they brought in the beginning too. Gumbo had a dark roux which was delicious too.Would recommend and I would go here again.This place was a huge let down.  Someone being from Southwest Louisiana and hoping to experience that feel in New Orleans I left feeling really upset.  First off the service is very very very confusing they claim to work in teams which means there are two servers to a table.  Well they started off by one taking the drink order then the other came and asked for the drink order.  I was fed up with the constant ask and ask again.  Second the food.  Well like I said I am from Southwest Louisiana which the owner I found out is also.  Well I think he left that style of food there and decided to put a twist on it on his own nasty nasty nasty.  I feel you get very little for the high price. Also, they claim to be Cajun style food well no Cajun style I feel.The bathroom was really dirty and waste basket full of paper towels and falling on the floor.The manager came to the table and mentioned that it is really hard to find Cajun food in New Orleans well yeah not at COCHON.  Sorry go somewhere else.  This was my first and last visit.  I will never recommend this establishment to anyone.My favorite part of our trip to New Orleans has to be our visit to Cochon.  They describe themselves as cajun creole cuisine.  I describe it as "AWESOME" cuisine.Ambiance and décor is clean lines, a bit modern, very clean and spacious looking restaurant. We, a party of 4, started with a hot brioche. HELLO!!!!!!!  I was already smiling.  We purchased a bottle of Pinot Noir while some had a cocktail or two and got underway... and did we ever!!!We pretty much had it all.  Ribs, cucumber salad, boucherie plate, cochon and the brisket. When I tell you each was better than the next, I am not exaggerating.  I am not a big pork eater but this was easily the most satisfying pork meal of my life.  We even repeated the ribs and cucumber salad they were so good!  For dessert we ordered a lemon poundcake with ice cream which was just great.  The chocolate cream pie with salted caramel & malted milk crumbles was the wifey's favorite.  My least favorite was the   strawberry pudding with lemon shortbread.Lunch took just over 2 1/2 hours and that's the way it should be when eating pork.  It was just UNREAL!!!We left New Orleans the next day. The couple we were with? They came back to Cochon before returning to S. Florida!!!Hey Larry do you want to go back to New Orleans? Hey whomever you are... if it means another visit to Cochon... heck ya!!!!We had the rabbit and dumplings, braised cheek and shrimp & eggplant casserole.  Both the rabbit and the casserole were fantastic!!!!!  I have had better cheek but it was ask the way in DC.   Rabbit - it was tender, juicy and the sauce was divine.  I wish the dumplings were a little more doughy but they were still great.  I would have never thought to order this there but everyone including the waiter suggested it.  A must to try.Shrimp and eggplant - my God I have never wanted to eat so much effort in my life.  It was spicy with a very slight sweetness to it.  Oh I loved it.Cheek - I have had cheek before where it just melted in my mouth.  This was a little dry for me.  I think it was overcooked but I didn't even enjoy the flavor.  But sure where they were going with this.  My advice, try the restaurant, get the rabbit and the casserole.  Adventure with a few other menu items but not the cheek.We didn't have a wait because we had reservations.  Others were waiting for an hour I'd they did not have reservations.  Good prices, good food and fun atmosphere!Great southern experience for a CA boy. Had the alligator, fried oysters, fried shrimp, and pork cheeks. Delicious!1300+ reviews, I'm pretty sure everything has been covered. Get reservationsOrder the Mac n cheese (probably order two)The ribs are excellent and have a kick.Brisket is delicious along with a bite of the potato salad. The Lima beans are surprisingly good. After ordering all the desserts I can say with confidence that the chocolate peanut butter pie is something you will never forget. I was never able to prepare myself enough for that last bite. Never.Months later the flavors of the dishes at Cochon are on my palate and am salivating. First,  the ambiance is open dining, nice Scandinavian looking wood benches, sleek and modern yet you feel the NOLA vibe here.  The hip wait staff are  friendly, accommodating and are definitely proud of their restaurant.  Cochon has a James Beard award which  I'm sure doesn't hurt.  I knew this was going to be a feast so instead of taking the rental car I walked with friends about a mile to Cochon. Now the cuisine.   What did I think?  Sleek simple flavors, genuine which is  a  stark contrast to bold Orleans flavors.  I am very impressed that there are options other than Emeril's dynasty of restaurants, the Brennan dynasty of restaurants, Arnaud's, Galatoire's,  Antoine's  and K-Pauls to savor flavors of the new , "Southern" New Orleans.  Think earthy, savory, spicy yet restrained, distinct and genuine.  For starters, I had the ribs appetizer because honestly, if the totem for this restaurant is a pig, you bet your mint julep ima get me some porc.  I had a glass of red Zin with this slightly spicy dish, 3 ribs to an order, enough for 2, 2 going to the pork glutton.  I was tempted to sin but  I shared this with two others.  It was super scrummy, different, with surprising yet awakening flavors of fennel seed  BBQ spices, vinegar.   The spiced melon rind added savory contrast to the vinegar that gave me a lightbulb moment --- why aren't additions like this a standard in our culinary lexicon?    The ribs were served at room temperature  which  threw me off.   I expected something hot off the smoker , yet I quickly realized that by serving them at room temp,  all the flavors and condiments are showcased.    I tasted a barbecued rib that was so different so clean and spicily yummy from any BBQ i've had.  I was in heaven.Then the crawfish gumbo.  Gumbo, how do I love thee?   I can have gumbo breakfast lunch and dinner.   It was definitely a familiar gumbo but was outstanding in the sense that  I could taste the crawfish tamale in the sauce.... the umami richness was there yet the aftertaste was seafood and green Earth in a bowl, just to die for.    If you're a gumbo fan, this can easily be a 2 bowl order but you wanna move on to the next course.   Finally, the Main:   Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & cracklins.  This dish to me was the bomb of bombs.  If you ever craved a pork on porc stewed, fried, crispy, earthy, cooked low and slow, and sultry all on one plate, this was IT.   The almost provincial presentation of the dish reminded me of eating in a small restaurant in the country.  The glass of Pinot I ordered went super delish with this plate.   My brain immediately thought meat lasagne sans noodles, layers of slow cooked meat, with braised vegetables, simple yet profound.  The very light sauce reminded me that this dish was deceptively cooked for hours to create a complexity of tastes behind simple  techniques.  Was a bit stunned.  To add to the flavor bombs of  this experience, the dish is topped with a crackling, the crowning glory to the plate that made the most obscene statement to me-- this is a celebration of beautiful PORK from head to tail.  Dipped the crackling in banana peppers in vinegar (served table side).....  Awed, started to laugh, SMH.I  capped my meal with a shaved Brussels sprouts salad with lemon vinaigrette and Parmesan shavings.   Never had raw brussel sprouts.  The toothy greens with a proper French lemon dressing and a minimal addition of sharp cheese was the lightest of salads I've had in a very very long time.    Awed, SMH.  Dining friends agreed, ditto.  Too full and didn't  venture on to dessert but will next time.   I've always admired the cuisines of New Orleans for nowhere in this great US of A  is a region steeped in classic French, Creole, Cajun cooking techniques and traditions.   The culinary ecosystem is changing in New Orleans.   Cochon pioneers  the  split from Creole/Cajun/French traditions and reminds us that the changing world of eating in New Orleans is leaning toward simple yet developed, still steeped in multi-cultural gastronomy traditions without forgetting the generational practices of Southern cooking.... LOVE IT.   I do.  Coming back. Visits: 1I definitely got off to the wrong foot, but . . . I've never had such overtly bad service. Certainly, I was inappropriate in stating that it seemed like people were "stressed" in the restaurant; but to tell me that I'm rude and that the best thing you [the server] can do is walk away - seems like extremely poor customer service. Actually, the conversation went like this - "Have things been busy tonight?"  Reply from bar tender,  "no, it's been terribly slow. Why?" My response, "it seems like people are a bit stressed." Reply from bar tender, "I can't interpret that as anything but rude, so I'm going to walk away." The bartender then proceeded to turn her back to me at the bar and talk about how "bad that guy is over there. He's driving me crazy." The conversation was loud enough that I could hear it 8 feet away.To this, I placed $10 on the bar and left.  So, please understand that I'm not writing this review based on the food. My review is solely based on the poor service and a $10 club soda. As such, take this review for what you will; but I for one will never eat in Cochon. And, I've eaten at restaurants all over the world. The service was the absolute worst I have ever received. Anywhere.Highlights:* Fried Livers with Pepper Jelly and Toast* Pork Cheeks and Grits* BLT-O: BLT with Fried OystersI love pigs!  Eating them, not braising them or curing them or cooking them.  That's what I have Donald Link for.4.5 stars. Probably the second best restaurant we ate at in New Orleans.We had short ribs with pickled watermelon, mushroom salad with herbs and preserved lemons, grilled oysters, rabbit with dumplings and white chocolate bread pudding with fresh strawberries and lime ice cream. All the dishes were very tasty, although the rabbit was a little over-salted. Great vinegar/shrub-based cocktails.We ate at the Chef's table / counter overlooking the cooks which added to the entertainment. Service could have been better.I give this place five stars because it is a wonderful blend of the casual atmosphere and well executed regional food, taken to the next level.Cocktails are always excellent.  Small plates are never a miss and tonight was no exception.  Boudin, pork cheek, fried livers with pepper jelly, wood fired oysters, mushro salad, the heirloom tomato salad, the charcuterie plate and the crawfish pie.  Unreal.  A shared oyster and bacon sandwich - again, epic.  It is one of the few places I eat fried oysters in the city - they are done to a turn - every.single.timeReservations are now a must if you'reore than a party of two.  On many nights - no reservation - no eating... Irrespective of party size.Typically, I have a very broad taste for food. There are not many types of foods that I do not enjoy and usually I try to preserve this by using moderation. I don't frequent on particular type of restaurant to others for the type of food being served. I always enjoy restaurants that pay particular attention to quality of the food without distracting us with pretentious environments. Luckily, Cochon compliments my taste in food with my preferred atmosphere.Conchon isn't really hard to find in comparison to a few other nice New Orleans dining options. Remember to look up when looking for the place; the sign is a little subdued (which fits the restaurant style). If you are anywhere near the tourist-populated areas this shouldn't be hard to find. I grabbed a really late lunch around 4 o'clock on a Saturday and didn't have to wait for a table. I stayed for a couple of hours and noticed that there was a wait when we left just before 7PM. I would imagine calling ahead is probably a good idea on busy nights. There is a bar available and tables outside; I would imagine waiting shouldn't be too painful with a drink.The atmosphere is very casual but gives you the impression that it is intentional and not because they didn't have the option to make it less casual. Feel comfortable wearing a T-shirt and something to cover your feet. The atmosphere feels like it encourages you to have a conversation with the person you came with or met there. I think the atmosphere extended our conversation longer that it normally would have been. Expect a trendy talkative environment. I don't have kids but you may be able to get away with it on the weekends if you decided to. (Not sure what kid menu options would be available). The menu selection is appropriate; it a great option for foodies and people who just want something safe to eat. I went with a couple small plate and boucherie options as opposed to ordering entrees. I don't live in New Orleans so really wasn't excited about only trying one item. I ordered the woodfired oysters, chili glazed shrimp, fried boudin, smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle, and a side of the smothered greens. I had an Abita S.O.S. and my fiancé had a MollyWop (hilarious name). Everything we had was excellent. I prefer my small plates to come out as each one is prepared because I like it hot. The oysters were still warmed but I want them as soon as they are finished. Please note that the chili glazed shrimp comes with the heads; their actually very good when forked with the body and a lemon circle. Don't forget to try one of the sides, some places don't pay as much attention to the quality of their sides as entrees. Conchon is not one of them, the side of smother greens was exceptional.Service at this place was pretty good. I prefer servers that are accommodating and not intrusive; this place definitely does a great job of walking that line. The price as expected was around $70 for two people. On average that would be about $35 each. Great experience and option if you are looking for New Orleans but open to another take on traditional items. Foodies and hungry people should enjoy this place. I will go back next time I am there.We had reservation for 8 people on a Saturday night and we were seated promptly when we arrived. The complimentary bread was freshly baked and absolutely delicious. We split 2 orders of alligator bites among everyone and had about 3 bites each. There was so much batter that I couldn't really taste any alligator. The pork cheek was highly rated on yelp, but I thought it was a huge miss. I didn't like the texture or the taste of it. The mac and cheese was decent and I thought it was quite filling. The rabbit & dumplings was definitely the highlight of the meal. It tasted like a pot pie with lots of rabbit meat. This entree was overflowing with flavor and I couldn't resist getting complimentary bread to clean out the broth. The banana bread pudding with white chocolate macadamia nut ice cream was too good. I really loved the contrast in temperature between the freshly made bread pudding and the ice cream. Our group of 8 shared one order and devoured it within minutes. I'd love to come back here for the rabbit & dumplings and the banana bread pudding.Before we left for vacation asked a few co workers where to eat in NOLA. One said we had to go to Cochon. One of the best recommendations we've every gotten. Contemporary atmosphere. Upscale. We were traveling with a group of 10 friends so we made reservations a few weeks in advance. Started off with appetizers and the Wood-Fired oysters were wonderful.  The Gulf fish was amazing and a number of us had creamy grits and they were awesome. If we lived nearby, we would be regulars.Maybe the high expectations but really the food was ok.Best dishes were liver with jelly and eggplant casserole.Other than that it was bbq with a little twist.Just for the food I would have given 3 stars but the service was a genuine 1.5 stars so thus the 2 stars.They were very pushy to get us out within an hour or so.Staff were snooty and felt I was at a  restaurant in manhattan.There are two Cochon venues in this area in the Art Warehouse district. Cochon, which is more the fine dining restaurant, and Cochon Butcher -- which is a food/butcher shop with a few quick dining tables. This is the fine dining restaurant.We came here for lunch, and it was very good. The wife and I very much enjoyed the "New Southern"/Cajun hybrid style of the place. Here's the breakdown:Small Plates, we had:Smoked Pork Ribs with Watermelon Pickle. This was good -- the best thing we had. The watermelon was nicely sweet/tart. Also, the ribs were suitably smoky.Onion Braised Pork Cheeks with Grits. This was also standout, with nice creamy buttery grits and rich pork. Crawfish Pie. It was frankly a bit mediocre. We had skipped the fried alligator simply because, being from Miami, alligator isn't a novelty and the very friendly server advised us that it was exactly what I thought it was. So we went with this instead. But the pie crust was kind of doughy and not light or flaky, and otherwise the filling was just Ok.For an entree, we got:Rabbit & Dumplings. I liked it more than the wife. It was fairly good, but I would say that it didn't quite live up to the hype.I wanted to like you, Cochon. I really did. But honestly, you're an overpriced rib shack.There are some honorable mentions (which deserve a second star), however: 1) the fried alligator and 2) the mirliton and shrimp dressing. Go there for those appetizers/sides, if you must go. But don't say I didn't warn you.We came here by accident since we were looking for cochon butcher. Nonetheless, we tried a few items and had some wine before heading over to the butcher. The wines by the glass were actually pretty good, the place was beautifully appointed, and the waitstaff were cool. We tried the braised pork cheek which I just loved and my husband dug the crawfish pie better.  The boy's mac and cheese casserole was just ok. This is a nice casual spot for a more refined lunch experience.I know NOLA has it's fair share of old, traditional restaurants that inspire must see visits from visitors but I promise, as one of those tourists Cochon is simply the best food in NOLA. Hard to get into on some nights and you can expect a wait but the food here is absolutely amazing and i would make this your must go to spot if visiting NOLA. From experience, this was the best food I had while in NOLA, and I ate at just about every restaurant recommended to tourists as true NOLA food.Cochon really delivers on every dish with a great take on what good food should be.Highly recommended.Good sandwiches, including the muffuletta.One of the first restaurants I visited upon arriving in New Orleans was Cochon, a place I had heard of before even being in the city.  I had great expectations, and yes, some of them were met, but some were most definitely not.  This New American style restaurant specializes in pork, as their name suggests.For the most part, their flavors are innovative and remind me quite a bit of restaurants in Berkeley and their philosophy on food.  Most of their dishes are best had tapas style, which is another reason why I initially fell in love with this spot.  Growing up in Taiwan, sharing many dishes of food is just too natural to me!  My favorite was their fried alligator with chili garlic mayo (10), which was a battered alligator with a delicious and warm mayo served with parsley.  I must say though, the second time I ordered this dish, I got mostly batter, and the mayo didn't taste the same.  The braised pork cheeks (11) erred on the salty side, and wasn't spectacular.  The pork and black eyed pea gumbo (7) was quite delicious, especially with the kale, but again, was a bit salty.My first experience was not bad, but the second time I visited, my whole table had a bit of the stomach flu (4 for 4).  The service was great the first and terrible the second, and so I wonder at the inconsistency.  My biggest pet peeve of a restaurant is inconsistency, and Cochon was exactly that.This restaurant absolutely lived up to its reputation. It was incredible. We arrived about 30 to 45 minutes before closing and the only available seats were at the bar, I was somewhat disappointed to not be at a table. It was no fault of the restaurants that I arrived late at night without making a reservation though. The bartenders who served us were very knowledgeable about the menu and friendly. We even ordered one dish twice it was so good. I'm sorry I can't remember what it was though. We went to New Orleans for less than 24 hours on a last-minute getaway and had had only one night to eat dinner and we chose Cochon. It was a great choice and I would do it again. This is the sort of place where you expect the waiters to be "too cool for school" but I was very impressed with how they treated to unhip tourists.Thought it was over hyped, overpriced and very ordinary, in general. Not to mention, I found the staff pretty high handed and even rude. The fried alligator was just about decent but nothing to die for. The pork cheeks were over cooked and the oysters were the worst I've had in NOLA. Not recommended.This place is right down the street from the WWII museum, so if you're in the neighborhood, it's worth trying them out.  I'd describe the place as a high-end BBQ place, that's also somehwhat of a tapas bar.  The highlight of our visit was probably the staff, as all were very friendly/welcoming/attentive.  I ordered the rabbit & dumplings which were tasty, but had a bit too much pepper for my liking (i.e. pepper was the dominant flavor).  My wife ordered the smoked pork ribs, and a kohlrabi salad (neither of us had ever had kohlrabi before).  The salad had watermelon pickles, which we'd also never had, but twas quite tasty.  All the food was surprisingly good.  Service was stellar.  Price was a little steep for the portion size, but on par for the area.Five stars if it were not for Brinn our server  Great food...wonderful setting.  We ordeted four entrees and three appetizers.  Food was delicious...service from Brinn was just not acceptable.First let me say we are from this area. About 45 mins south of NOLA. I had seen the chef from Cochon on one of my favorite shows Chopped, so this place was on my bucket list of restaurants.Atmosphere was nice. I liked the decor. Personally I am not a fan of banqet seating where the person next to me could eat off my plate. There are maybe 4 booths but none were available.Apps/ Small Plates = Fried chicken livers & Boudin ballsYou get 3 of each for I think it was $9 for each plate. They were good. Not like wow I want more though. We are from this area so we have eaten both many times. So maybe we are biased on those items.Entrees = I got the gulf fish of the day which was redfish. My wife got the fried chicken that came with a watermelon & heirloom tomato salad.Sigh..well...I love fish & when the waiter said they leave the skin on & make it crispy, I thought oh good because I like that. Well lets just say he failed to mention THEY LEAVE THE FRICKN SCALES ON!! Needless to say after a bite with a mouthful of scales, I was SO done. It made me sick to my stomach. The waiter was apologetic, saying thats how they cook it. I said Yea well we live down here too & people around here eat crispy skin when its on the fish but I didnt expect the fish to not be cleaned & descaled! He was kind of cavalier about it like Not my fault but continued to apologize. In the end, they took it off our bill which was great on their part. My wife said the chicken was fine. The BEST PART of the whole meal was the sweet yellow watermelon & heirloom cherry tomato salad. She added a small amount of the white vinegar on the table (nice touch by the way) that had a few peppers floating in it & a dash of salt and OMG , we both said we could have eaten a bowl of just that!Everything is a la carte. My $28 fish only came with a pile of pickled onions. We did get the mac & cheese. I always try mac & cheeae when its on a menu. Not a fan of this one.We didnt bother getting dessert. My wife wanted peach cobbler but the waiter said the chef took it off the menu for that night because " he didnt like how it was looking". So I guess of he thought it wasnt good for whatever reason, it was best he didnt serve it.Instead we grabbed the heavenly & undeniably amazing cheesecake from Ruth's Chris steakhouse downstairs at our hotel.So Id say it was an experience....one I dont care to repeatThe feeling of chewing & then realizing I had a mouthful of fish scales is permanently engrained in my mind.My meal was very good! Th oysters were large and tasty! Mac and cheese is to die for!my first meal on my first visit to Nola.It was lunch time and there was a nice crowd but not crowded.I like the location of this restaurant and the décor-- servers were great...cordial but not over the top.I had the liver & toast appetizer and the cochon with cabbage as main course.the liver and toast had to much jelly, the sweet overpowered the  other flavors,use about half of the jell provided.the cochon was a lot of meat, and the cabbage was a bit overcooked, I know that cooking veggies for a looong time is the southern way, but I think I would have liked them a little more raw.I would go back here just to try the other dishes.on my arrival day I was planning to eat all day and try other restaurants, but I had this meal at about 1230 and I was FULL for the rest of the day.This was the first place we ate at when we got to New Orleans. We looked up places on the Yelp app and figured a few blocks wouldn't kill us. Let me just say, some blocks are longer than you think, especially, when you've ran all over the party zone. The walk was worth it. We got the last table outside before the line started forming. The waiter wasn't the fastest and the food was slow to come out, but when it did, I wanted to eat here every night. We started with alligator bites, which were the best thing we ordered. They were in a mild hot sauce, it reminded us of boneless chicken wings, but so much better. The sauce was addicting. For dinner I ordered the Rabbit stew. It came in an individual cast iron skillet filled with plenty of rabbit and homemade sage rolls on top. The vegetables were cooked perfect, and not mushy. My husband got the beef and gravy dish. The potatoes were cold, which I think surprised him, but he said the flavor was really good. We saw the parade coming up the street, as they were at the end of the route. This proved to be a lot of fun, as they saw the six tables out front in an otherwise dead street and they started throwing beads at us. We ended up with POUNDS of beads. They threw many unopened bags at us. The walk back was not as fun, it was dark, and cooler but I kept thinking this was one of the best places I had eaten in so long, it was still worth it. If you get to this area, this is definitely one of the places to try.Peche's sister restaurant that I dripped into for lunch during a downtown downpour. Grilled oysters, fried chicken livers, meatball and polenta--each small plate delectable. A bright, open space that I had largely to myself in the afternoon netherworld between late lunch and early dinner. The menu was so comprehensive I can easily see returning multiple time to sample everything.Being from LA, this type of modern/hip restaurant is actually a comfortable setting for me.However, I was on vaca and was definitely the least dressed of any of their patrons at that time. I strolled in with basketball shorts & shoes w/ a Vneck. I had thought they would say something or give me attitude, but the service was really good!I had the gulf fish, and it was one of the best things I ate in NO.It was light, yet flavorful and was a generous portion.Would definitely come back.I was in food heaven in New Orleans and Cochon had my favorite individual dish of the weekend.  The wood fired oysters were amazing!  I typically prefer my oysters raw with just a splash of lemon in its purest form but these oysters may make me a wood fired convert!  They were plump and juicy and smoky with the right hint of spice.The rest of the dishes were a giant pork fest (as would be expected from a place with the name Cochon).  We had the pork belly, pork cheeks with grits, smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle, louisiana cochon with cracklins, and then rabbit & dumplings (to represent non-pork options).  Everything was delicious and rich so this isn't an everyday meal kind of place (you would have a heart attack) but the food was excellent as was the service.Ate here twice, once awesome, once so-so.Probably one of the top 3 meals I have ever eaten. The Banana Bread Pudding with Macadamia ice cream was the best dessert I have EVER had. I'll be dreaming of that for years. Great decor and ambience. It's a 15-20 min walk from the FQ. We were seated promptly at our RSVP time. We had 2 servers: both were excellent. Ask for Caroline - she rocks!The food was phenomenal. Splurge and make sure you try/share an appetizer + an entree + a couple of sides all together. That way you will enjoy the variety of the food. And of course, save room for the Bread Pudding but I wouldn't share a bite...My two friends and I split the ribs and the chicken livers as apps. The ribs/sauce probably were the best ribs I've ever eaten. The sauce was incredibly flavorful as was the watermelon pickle topping. Dang!!! Falling off the bonk pork greatness. So we ordered another round of ribs. The livers were ok. Nice jalapeno jelly glaze. I ordered the cochon for my entree: mega-juicy and tender with a nice balance between the cabbage, turnips and a pork cracklin. TIP: ask for a side of their BBQ sauce for dipping the pork and dinner rolls. The mac and cheese app was nice and gooey. Didn't taste as good as Cochon Butcher's mac and cheese that we had had earlier in the day. Still freaking good.I also tried and loved the small offerings of the Ham Hock and the Catfish courtbullion that my buds ordered. Both were outstanding; almost as good as my cochon. The grits and collared greens made for good sides. Grits were ultra creamy.The banana bread pudding has no dessert equal in this world. Hoard it! Enjoy dining nirvana here....Awesome! Fantastic staff. Great atmosphere. Crawford pie was excellent. The wood-fire oysters are to die for. The fried alligator was really good. And life doesn't get any better than sweet tea with rabbit and dumplings. Did I say AWESOME.  I came here because of all the reviews on yelp and they were spot on.I wanted to try the rabbit stew, so I dragged my wife down there to try.  This place is very crowded and it wasn't even prime dinner time yet.  We decided to eat at the crowded bar because we didn't want to wait forever.  The bartenders were very nice and their drinks were great.  I ordered the rabbit stew which was good, but my wife ordered the pork belly which was great.  She liked it so much that the next time she went to New Orleans she dragged all her friends along to eat there.If you travel to New Orleans you MUST eat at Cochon on Julia street. Hands down the best! The service was top notch, a+. I travel often and eat out. I can honestly say I came back the next night and had the same dish. Mushroom salad with deep fried jerky &lemon vinaigrette. So refreshing and then Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklings for the entree. Hanna and Mike need a promotion as they recommended the meals and are very professional.The name Cochon means pork, and boy do you get great pork here. My meal here was excellent.  It was by far my most favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  Nearly every single item on their menu was something that I had an interest in trying.  It's tapas style, so if you go with a group of like 4-5, it's entirely possible to give a go at getting at least 75% of the menu.  I had only gone with my wife, so our consumption was far less, but incredibly satisfying.We started off with the boudin and pork ribs with watermelon.  For those that don't know about boudin, it's really just housemade sausage which is rolled into a ball and fried, instead of being put in the casing. This was the first time I had it, and it was fantastic.  Also the ribs were tender and juicy, fall of the bone good.  And those were just appetizers...For our entrees, we got the ham hock and their signature dish the cochon.  Man, these two dishes were phenomenal.  The ham hock was so incredibly tender and flavorful.  I could easily say the same thing about the cochon. I looove pulled pork, and this was a great spin on things.  Writing this review makes me want to go there again...and again.I've been to Cochon twice now, the butcher and peche a handful of times, and of the three and maybe of most well reviewed restaurants in this city, Cochon is by far the worst. On my first visit I had the ribs with the pickled watermelon, they were mostly fat and were so salty it almost felt like my mouth was burning. My sister is in town and was dying to try Cochon, I complied in an effort to be a good host.  They had two sandwiches on the menu, one served with potato salad and one with cole slaw. I wanted to get on sandwich with the opposite side. without an explanation our first server just said "no" and then changed his mind and said "no ma'am". It is evident that both of these sides just sit in a vat and it's a matter of scooping one over the other. I have substituted various things at both the butcher and peche with no issue and the fact that the server couldn't even pretend to check with the kitchen was rude.The oyster and bacon sandwich is sloppy and falls apart with way too much roumelade.  I won't be back. If they want to charge tourists to be wooed by the neon pig outside only to not be friendly nor accommodating that is fine, but this across the street neighbor is calling it quits on Cochon.You MUST make a reservation in advance! Cochon can get VERY packed. I came with a big group of friends and we ordered food for days. We all shared multiple orders of the wood fired oysters with chili garlic butter, rabbit & dumplings, fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise, boucherie plate, and more. I really enjoyed everything, and was intrigued by the rare meat selection. It was a very modern twist to cajun style dishes. The beers on tap were local and delicious! The restaurant was very clean, cozy, and modern. I would definitely go back!This place was definitely worth the price tag. I had the bacon and oyster sandwich with Mac and cheese. The bacon was thick and perfectly crispy, paired with the moist oysters it made the sandwich one of the best I've ever had. I'm not sure what cheese they used for the Mac but it was amazing, I wanted to lick the dish. I took one of the rolls and scraped everyday bit of cheese sauce. I also tried the fried alligator and the garlic aoli was much better than other dipping sauces I've had with gator, they're normally too spicy but this was great. I would definitely come back here. It would be nice to sit on the patio next time!The fried boudin is pretty good here as well as the pork cheeks. I ate the Louisiana Cochon which was pretty good but def on the heavy side. You'll get a food coma eating here since everything is heavy but delish.Wish they provided a lot more cracklins in the dish tho. CRACKLINS! i love my fried pork skin.Must have just ordered the wrong item, shorts rib. It was horrible, mainly just fat and only one rib. The pigs feet were also nothing but bone and fat. However the alligator, oyster sides were excellent. The service was excellent. The Louisiana cochon signature dish was also excellent.  Also need to add crown royal to your bar.This establishment gets five stars and is a must try for anyone visiting New Orleans. Love love love the fried aligator & wood fire oyster roast. Highly recommend the pork cheeks & mushroom salad. For entrees we split smoked ham hock, catfish court bouillon (a bit of kick) Louisiana Couchon & short ribs. One dish was better than the next. The macaroni & cheese casserole was delicious too. The old fashion Couchon & Hey-Jack are lite & refreshing cocktails. After our late lunch, we went next door to the Cuchon Butcher for some bacon pralines & peanut butter pie. Stick to your ribs good.Cochon is set in an open space filled with honey colored wood.  The setting is informal, with a live and friendly atmosphere.The menu is a mix of small plates, soups, salads and appetizers, along with an entrée section.The dinner rolls are some of the best I've ever had.  Served hot and with a cottony soft texture and glazed with butter, these are a great way to start any meal.  One could probably make a meal of just bread and a couple of appetizers, but why deny yourself exploring the menu full of great dishes.The boudin balls, are fried to a nice golden brown, super crunchy on the outside, and moist in the middle.  The boudin balls are made with rice and boudin, served with pickled peppers that are full of an acidic punch, and a nicely spiced mustard.The oyster and bacon sandwich is a take on the classic BLT, escalated with a New Orleans twist of fried oysters.  Topped with a zesty remoulade and a side of creamy coleslaw to cut through the richness of the bacon and fried oysters, this is a definite winner.The smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad is a must try dish.  Five thick slices of tender and fatty brisket are served with a side of potato salad with a zing from the horseradish.  The brisket is on the verge of falling apart and has a wonderful smoky taste.  Served in a rich au jus, the potato salad helps to cut through the fattiness of the brisket with a brightness brought on by the horseradish.  There may be a hint of mustard in the potato salad as well.The macaroni and cheese casserole will be a big hit for cheese lovers.  A generous portion with a nice golden crust is served in a cast iron casserole dish.  The cheese may be a little overpowering for those used to boxed Mac & Cheese. The secret binder to this dish?  Mashed potatoes.  Brilliant!The bread pudding may not be a thing of beauty to look at, but is wonderful for those who like "soggy" bread pudding, and a heavy handed bourbon sauce.  The bread pudding has a great custard and reminds me of super soggy French toast baked with crème brulee.The pineapple upside down cake is deconstructed with a corn meal cake with several strips of pineapple baked into the cake.  There is a salted caramel sauce with a lime coconut sorbet.  This is a light and refreshing dessert, and a perfect way to end the meal.Chef Donald Link was nominated for Outstanding Chef 2012 by the James Beard Foundation, for his other restaurant Herbsaint.The price point at Cochon is a steal for the quality of food, execution and taste.  The dishes are primarily simple, comfort foods but executed with great precision and using great local ingredients.See blog for pics.this place is nice. Service. Popular place. You need to wait to get seats. You cannot sit down until all your group are there, which means, there is no way that you send one guy ahead to keep a table for other lazy team members. The waiter we got is fine. We wanted to split the bill even, he said he cannot do it. He asked us to write down how much each person want to pay. So we have to write down name and bill amount on the receipt.  Food. Food is good. I had pork belly and pork face. Both are very good.Very glad we made it to Cochon during a recent trip to NOLA. Fantastic place for contemporary Southern cooking. The cocktail menu is very original with several selections that hit the spot on a warm spring evening (anything with bourbon will be a winner). And for an appetizer, the wood fired oysters may have been the best oysters I've ever had in any variation.My wife had the red fish and I had the rabbit and dumplings, both very nicely done (although sauce with the rabbit overshadowed the taste of the meat). We shared the chocolate rice pudding with salted caramel sauce, a perfect ending to the meal.Great atmosphere, too. Contemporary rustic decor and a wear-anything-comfortable crowd. Highly recommend a visit.Let's start with what I did not love just so we can get it out of the way. Our check was accidentally doubled by the server, which was quickly corrected, but it lead to a bit of a squabble at our table which was unpleasant. Servers, look at the checks before they are delivered! The other bummer was the chilly reception by the hostesses. That did not set a lovely tone for the evening. Okay, now on to the good stuff. I had the Swine Killer cocktail and it was amazing. Also amazing was the brussels sprouts salad. Life changing amazing was this salad. I ordered the Louisiana cochin, which was very delicious, but my husband ordered the ham hock and that was so good that I wish I ordered it. Everyone else at the table got the Oyster Bacon Sandwiches and were thrilled with them. For desert we shared the pineapple upside down cake and that was very tasty. I would very happily return to Cochon, but I'm always gonna check the check.Cochon was SO good. We were traveling from NY and when asking friends for restaurant recommendations, this restaurant was at the top of EVERYONE'S list - and for good reason! We had an early reservation on a Wednesday evening (5pm) and the place was mostly empty but by the time we left it was PACKED!My husband and I started with two delicious cocktails. Of course I forgot which ones they were but they were both refreshing and light and I LOVED the mezcal in one - super smokey and delicious with the light fruit to balance it out.We started with two appetizers: Smoked pork ribs with pickled watermelon (how fun!) and pork cheeks with cauliflower puree & beet relish - they were both SO amazing. I wish I could have ordered those for an entree.  For my entree, I was debating between the rabbit and the cochon but then decided to go for the brisket at the last minute. It had an awesome horseradish potato salad to accompany it and the brisket itself literally fell apart when I touched my fork to it. Melted in my mouth. My husband went with the cochon, which came with turnips, cabbage & cracklins (homemade pork rinds). SO GOOD. I was so full from the appetizers that I took half of entree home.I was way too full for dessert and everything on the dessert menu looked super heavy, so I was ready to leave but my husband ordered the Farmers Cheese Meyer Lemon pie. It was amazing - if you like desserts that aren't too sweet, this was perfect. It had the firm consistency of cream cheese, rather than something softer like a lemon meringue, and it was nice and tart.  It also had a thick graham crust and a lemon curd that really set it all together. Definitely stop in if you want some amazing BBQ and meat. Not to be missed!OMG! What can I say but excellent. Everything about Cachon was exceptional. We had the oyster appetizer which had a little bit of heat but not overwhelming. We split the Louisiana Cachon and portion was perfect for two people. The cachon had wonderful flavor and was moist. Waitstaff was extraordinary! Thank you for a great lunch and we will be back!On a business trip to New Orleans two years ago, a local friend of a friend made a reservation here for a group of us. We shared a table full of plates - fried alligator, rabbit, the bacon and oyster sandwich, brisket - each one somehow managing to live up to the dreams conjured by the previous one; remembering it now has nearly moved me to tears.I recently returned to New Orleans on a vacation with my girlfriend, having gushed to her about my meal there two years prior, and it was an immense joy to see her enjoy herself as much as I did on my maiden meal. This time we ventured into dessert territory, where the chocolate peanut butter pie slapped me in the face for having not done so the first time. I apologized and vowed to someday return again.Godspeed, Cochon. I will spread your gospel to all creatures, even those destined for your kitchen.We came here after seeing this place on the Food Network. Our trip to New Orleans was based on food as we always travel for good eats. The food here was ok. The Oysters are a must here. The chili garlic butter that was fire roasted into perfection was the only thing we really enjoyed here. Their idea of charcuterie plate was ok. Not a huge fan. Especially since we now compared it to Luke on St. Charles. The sazerac here was good and my boyfriend enjoyed his beer. Food wise, for the wait, I wouldn't do it. But it was an experience just to say I had fried alligator.We came for drinks on a Saturday evening.  Super easy to get a table for 5.  We split the boudin balls, which were heavenly as can be!  Service was super friendly.  This is a great place for a yummy casual meal out in NOLA!This place is WAY over rated!!!!!!!!  The employees was not the nicest, the food was AHHH and the place is loud.  Oh  And hopefully you get to sit next to someone that smell good because it will be very warm and cozy.  NOT in a good way.Made reservation one month ago, confirmed it three days ago, showed up tonight, and told it never existed.  Not very friendly. Acted like we were in the wrong. Offered to put our party of five at a table for four in twenty minutes. Cochon knows how to take reservations, but it just doesn't know how to keep them.We had the fried alligator, rabbit dumplings, gumbo, Mac & cheese, & twice baked potato. The food was excellent, and our kids loved all of it! Portions aren't very big, but are extremely flavorful - so you want to savor all of it. The service was good, but the food was even better.I probably do not have anything new to add that others have not already covered in their reviews. You can expect to have a great meal at Cochon and it truly is NOLA's gift to every one who visits the city. You can try classic NOLA dishes here such as boudin balls which were probably the best in the city I've had. Our family just tried a variety of small plates such as the smoked pork ribs, mac and cheese (also one of the best in the city) and lima beans (seriously, who know lima beans could be this could?) I still have yet to try their butcher but l look forward to going back to the restaurant. It's probably smart to make reservations for dinner especially for weekends. Even for lunch, they are usually packedSimple fantastic. This came highly recommended by several friends and a local chef and it didn't disappoint. To begin with, I just loved the ambiance- tons of energy, lively- and I like the exposed brick with the wood look. As for food, second to none. Unreal! I started with the shrimp and deviled egg gumbo. I didn't know how I'd feel about it but the flavors just exploded in my mouth. The best gumbo I've had! I then went with the cochon- how could you not? The pork was spot on and combination of all the ingredients and sides couldn't have been better picked! And then the finale!! I ordered the farmers cheese & meyer lemon pie. For the record, I rarely, if ever, eat lemon anything. This might have been one of the best desserts I've ever had. A great combination of cheese, to offset the sweetness or tartness, and the lemon (great flavor!). I can't say enough about this place. If you could get in then don't miss it!It's been more than four years and nothing but love continues to emanates from the wood burning stove.  Even as a single I had to wait more than 45 minutes last night in the windy night.  Hey Jack and Envie beer helped ease the passage of time as I headed back to a seat in the chef's section.  The mushroom salad was epic - a righteous mix of Kentucky mint, Italian parsley, bacon, and thinly sliced button mushrooms.  I matched it with the pork shoulder and fried livers on toast because I couldn't choose between the entrees.The staff is fantastic and the space, as always, has a great warm vibe.Good food---our usual appetizers for lunch were plenty, and we even had some to take home for later.  The "fried boudin"= boudin balls= good!  Beware of the spicy brown mustard...abit overwhelming! The mac and cheese casserole had an ingredient that was not identifiable, but the casserole was good and very filling.  The crawfish pie was excellent.  The pre-meal rolls hit the spot.  The service was good...not outstanding, but the staff was good and attentive.  Will we return again?  Not sure, but this place was something different, and we can say we have been there and eaten that.Cochon gets a well deserved 5 star.  I had the Cochon signature dish (pulled pork put back together and formed into a filet like shape, mac and cheese, and they brought me out a nice cheese dish on the house.  maybe because I was eating all alone :(  the Cochon was amazing.  Mac and Cheese was ridiculous. and the cheese plate was good, but it was not necessarily my thing but maybe it was just over shadowed by the other two dishes.I would describe the food as rich.  Perfectly salted for me, but someone on a low salt diet would think it is on the slightly salty side I would imagine.  Overall, loved it.  they snuck me in at the chef's bar with no reservation, but I would recommend one.  Didn't really get that from the other reviews I read.  it was busy on a Wednesday night when the city did not seem all that full.catfish courtbillion and fried alligator!!! YUM!!!This place was packed with a long wait line, and for good reason! The food was delicious and all local meals with local flavors. I've never had food like this before! We ordered several small dishes and hared family style and my mouth was like an explorer traveling several exotic foreign flavors. Cochon is known for their pork meals, but I enjoyed their seafood more. Really though, you can't go wrong here. Plus the staff is super friendly, so friendly in fact that I felt as though my parents had not installed enough manners in me.This place is not that good. The only reason why it got one star was b/c the Rabbit and Dumplings was the only thing good here. Period. The service was horrible. Our server was this tall, lanky dude and he was super rude. It was way to expensive for what they where serving. We love think outside the box restaurants but this place for the money is not worth it. You can defiantly pass this place. Go to Emeril's which is down the rode on the same street towards Julia St. They have way better Food and Service.All things pork can be found here. Drinks are creative and strong! Had some oysters to start, which looked fresh from the sea and were tasty. I ordered the charcuterie plate and was amazed with the different ways you can serve some pork. Service was on point and the suggestions off the menu were a hit with my friends.Arnold Palmer.  Mac n Cheese.  Alligator bites with chili garlic mayo.  Smoked pork ribs with pickled watermelon.  Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins.I think I busted a gut and gone to heaven.  If you love pork, this is the place to be.  If you're visiting NOLA for the first time, and couldn't find alligator - these bites will get you hooked.First off, I'd like to say that the best part of eating at Cochon was our waiter Calvin. When you're visiting a city as a tourist it's easy to fall in the trap of the obvious. I eagerly asked Calvin what he thought about the alligator bites and he frankly told me that it was something that was more of a novelty and it made me trust all his recommendations. I don't want you to tell me what you think I want to hear, I want to experience the best things on the menu! We told him our preferences and each dish he recommended was a stellar pick.Must orders: Deep fried livers ($8) and rabbit & dumplings ($21). My boyfriend loved their wood fired oysters with chili garlic butter ($12). Get the pickled cucumbers ($6) as a solid palate cleanser which will help balance out all the deep fried fare.Also, if you are like me and have a sweet tooth you must order dessert! Their pastry chef is amazing!!! We got the peanut butter and chocolate pie which was a whipped array of deliciousness. These are the times when I wish I could magically sprout a second stomach so I can eat every dessert on the menu. Décor is clean, simple and modern and great for an intimate dinner or a big group. It gets pretty noisy in there so don't expect an atmosphere of romance. You're there for the food and it kicks ass!Everything was delicious!Ham hock with black eyed peas was smoky and nicely flavored. It really packed a punch.The catfish courtbouillon was a pleasant dispose from the typical deep fried catfish dishes. So much flavor and effort went into the dish and it showed. Creamy grits and greens were delicious!This was my favorite restaurant in NOLA. The fried alligator and rabbit dumplings were AMAZING. My grandpa gave the waiters a really difficult time and they were friendly, patient, and generous. Basically the definition of a 5 star restaurant.Perhaps I'm not a fan of the cajun/creole style seasoning/flavors, but this place was a-ok at best, but I don't think I would go back. (I would rate it 2.5 stars if I could)We were accidentally given oysters, even though we ordered the alligator as the appetizer, but they let us have it for free anyways.  I think it might have been the best thing we ate there, and I'm not really a huge oyster person. We gave the catfish a try.  I'm also not a huge catfish person.  It was a bit overwhelming--the catfish is still catfish, and so the meat was muddy/gritty (that typical catfish taste)I did really like the interior.  I would say a high percentage of clientele were tourists.It was pretty pricey as well.  A meal for two people came out to about 75 dollars total.Took a trip to Cochon when I went to NOLA for Mardi Gras. The place has good reviews and my expectations were set high.The place is okay, meaning it's not bad. But I would not go back and I don't think there's anything special about it. I also think that having eaten a lot of good food all over, I just am not impressed with this spot.The rabbit dish was meh. It seems to get a lot of recommendations but I did not like it nor did anyone in my party. We barely touched it after a few attempts. But maybe it's because none of us have the palate for rabbit, which I consider a bit game-y. The fried alligators were definitely good though and we all enjoyed it as much. The boucherie plate was also good and I can recommend this. We also enjoyed the pork cheeks, beef brisket and mac & cheese dishes. I would say that this place is overall good and safe to bring guests or maybe even a date to, or for business lunch. It's just not something to be WOW about.Sat at the bar and had some tasty wine and apps! The oysters were really good! The crawfish pie was tasty as well. Will definitely return.We came to Cochon on the last night of our Nawlins trip. We had a bit of a wait, and hung out at the bar until a table was ready. I love honeysuckle and have fond memories of eating the stuff at church camp during childhood, so I was lured by the sound of honeysuckle vodka (sorry, church camp) in the Mollywop (also contains Campari, peach bitters, lemon San Pellegrino). I was a bit disappointed, however. I don't remember exactly why I didn't love it to pieces -- probably because I had just fallen in love with Bar Tonique the night before and this drink just lacked the flavor subtleties of the drinks prepared there.Once seated, we decided to order some small plates and split two meals between the four of us. Small plates ordered included:-Wood-fired oysters with chili garlic butter (amazing sauce!)-Boucherie plate (delicious)-Fried alligator (tasted pretty much like typical popcorn chicken bites)For a main, we ordered the rabbit and dumplings - the waiter had described them to us as having "somewhat of a cult following". It was good and did taste a lot like the chicken and dumplings dishes I've had before. And the rabbit was very tender. However, I sampled a bit of @Christina F.'s (sorry, I don't know how to link people in reviews) smocked ham hock with red beans, rice and pickled peppers and I thought it was amazing. The waiter had recommended it and I should've listened to him. For lovers of smoky flavoring, this is a must-get.All in all, a nice way to end our culinary tour of the city.When I decided to go to New Orleans a friend told me about Cochon and Cochon Butcher, saying he'd heard the restaurant was really good. Checking the menu online I thought the food looked delicious, but I didn't plan to come here, however walking around the CBD I came across Cochon and thought I'd give it a try. I'll be honest it's been a few years since I was in French class so I didn't realize cochon is French for pig. Anyway I decided to order the Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins. The meat was delicious and tender, and while I'm not always a fan of turnips they went really well with this dish. The food was good, and Cochon would certainly be a restaurant I go back to the next time I'm in New Orleans.I'm not sure if it's fair of me to write this review because I was a little drunk for most of my dinner but here are the highlights I do remember with certainty:- When the very friendly bartender asked me what I wanted, I hesitated while eyeing their drafts and in that instant, he read my mind and said "All these beers are local." Well done.- Our server was also helpful with recommendations for food, not simply naming off all of the more popular choices.- The fried alligator (my first ever!) didn't taste too dissimilar from chicken.- The smoked ham hock was really moist and tender.And that's it folks. If I had to do it again, I would've gotten the Louisiana Cochon. Not that the ham wasn't good. It just didn't taste different enough for me to fawn over.SO. DAMN. GOOD.Words cannot describe how amazing the food is at Cochon. Pair that with excellent service and you have a WINNER! I came all the way from Houston, TX to give this restaurant a run for my money and it was worth every mile driven and every dollar spent. Cochon does not seem like your typical cajun/creole restaurant that you would expect to typically find in New Orleans. It has a modern/contemporary feel with a cool hipster flare to it. What I love most about this restaurant is that it is in no way pretentious but you get the same quality food and service as you would in a five star restaurant without the ridiculous price tag. We had two servers who were on point and knew exactly what they were doing. When a server can pay attention to the little things like filling your water before it reaches half full or wiping away any crumbs on the table, you're an A+ in my book.The food of course is incredible! Do yourself a favor and order these dishes. I promise you that you will not regret ordering a single dish and your stomach will be oh-so happy.[+] Wood-fired oysters with chili garlic butter. The sauce on these oysters are literally like liquid crack it is that amazing. Save the complementary bread they give you and use that to mop up every last drop of this liquid gold.[+] Fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise. At first I was skeptical but now I'm a firm believer. Don't be fooled when you read the word mayonnaise because it does not taste like it at all. Some say the texture can be a little chewy. To me, it has similar texture to that of chicken fried steak. Delicious, to say the least.[+] Paneed pork cheeks with cauliflower puree & beet relish. The pork cheeks were perfectly charred and crispy on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. I was sad that this was not listed as an entree because I would have definitely devoured the entire plate.[+] Rabbit and dumplings. Comfort food at its finest. The rabbit was so tender it was practically melting in my mouth. The dumplings were soft and dense- a perfect combination for the rich filling. Cochon is definitely a restaurant worth trying. Do yourself a favor and book a table through OpenTable and check it out! You won't regret it!delish! it was too long ago to remember exactly what i had, but everyone at my table enjoyed their food. atmosphere feels lively and a bit loud. definitely not a romantic spot, feels more like a lunch vibe to me.Dammit. It's so. good.Had reservations at American Sector down the street  - huge disappointment. Couldn't eat anything it was so bad. Abandoned that place and walked down the street still hungry to Cochon with our fingers crossed that they'd squeeze us in on a busy Saturday night. As expected, they were fully booked, but we got lucky and snagged two seats at the bar.  Based on yelp reviews and the bartender's recommendation, we ordered the brussels sprouts salad, wood fired oysters, deviled egg gumbo, and the pork cheeks. omg...the pork cheeks...The brussels sprouts salad and oysters were amazing, but overshadowed by the pork cheeks.  I seriously might travel back to New Orleans just for those.  The bartender also turned us onto a seasonal local beer that was so good, we spent an hour the next day going from store to store trying to find some to take back home to Atlanta.During a recent trip to New Orleans, Cochon was at the top of our list for dining given the rave reviews on yelp. I was, however, disappointed with the meal but that could have been me setting my expectations too high.We ordered all the obvious items on the menu:Wood-fired oyster roast - this was exceptional though. We tried all the other oyster houses (ACME, Felix, Luke) and this was my favorite for cooked oysters. They had a great smokey flavor and tasted right off the roast.Onion braised pork cheek appetizer - this was a let down. The three bite-sized pieces were very dry. I thought the braising liquid was on the saltier side where MSG was the only pronounced flavor.Rabbit&dumplings - again a let down. The consistency of the dumplings were OK but the actual rabbit stew itself was very mediocre. All I tasted was salt. Maybe New Orleanians are not as sensitive to salt but you could not taste any of the ingrediants - there were clearly carrots, celery and pieces of rabbit but they all were consumed by the salty viscous 'stew'...Louisiana Cochon - this was good. Tasty au jus poured over stewed pork topped with cracklins surrounded by pickled turnips. The stewed pork was a bit dry but the turnips and cracklins (which melted in your mouth) made up for it.The service was poor - we saw our waiter once, he failed to give us the specials and told us there was no bread left all the while the table next to us just got bread from a different waiter. We finally got our bread which obviously was the star of the show.Maybe it was just a bad day but I was not terribly impresed. I should have stuck to the pork or mac n cheese. I had alligator n it was though chewy. Drinks albeit were nice.I was here over 4th of July weekend with a bachelor party for dinner. I had the Cochon which was delicious. Lots of good drinks and great service. Definitely worth checking out when you are in New Orleans.I thought this place was pretty good and the atmosphere was trendy.  We got the fried alligator, chargrilled oysters, and the Louisiana Cuchon.  My boyfriend loved the oysters and the Cuchon was good too.  I wasn't the biggest fan of the the fried alligator but it was my 1st time having it.  Overall good experience and would come back here.Something about this place just seems better than the other places. I felt like I could talk to the strangers at the bar here better than I could elsewhere and relate to them. Maybe it's just everyone waiting for the food.The food though is delectable. Oysters tend to be more an indicator of the flavor sauce they come in and this spicy tangy sauce that comes with the oysters at Cochon is magnificent. I would recommend sitting at the bar facing the kitchen, the cooks are super nice and you can see the most delicious food as it's prepared. I just wanted everything coming out that giant stove as you can see the fire slowly cooking and toasting everything they set in front it.Came here Saturday for lunch. This place is known for its meats, and meat is what I ordered. I got the cochon while my husband got the catfish. His catfish was very good, as was mine. Good solid meals, but nothing to write home about. Nice ambiance.I eat here every time I am in theBig Easy and it never disappoints.  The food is fantastic and the service is top notch too.  I recommend the wood fires oysters as a starter and the Elijah Craig 12 year bourbon as a great accompaniment.  I hate to tell you about this place because it is so good is don't want everyone to know because it gets harder and harder for me to just walk in and get a table.One of the best meals I've had in a long, long time and I think I eat pretty well all the time.Recent trip to New Orleans, I knew that I HAD to have dinner at Cochon while in town.  Unfortunately, even when calling weeks in advance, I could only get a 5:30 reservation on a Tuesday. I didn't really enjoy that and I made a point to take my time through my meal.Started with the Wood Fired Oysters w/ Chili Garlic Butter ($12), which was so good that I was scraping the shells with my fork trying to get the burnt deliciousness that was still on the shell.  Next was the Smoked Pork Ribs w/ Watermelon Pickle ($12), which was again delicious and different. The watermelon pickle was the perfect compliment to the sauce of on the pork ribs.  Since I was at a food castle of New Orleans, I decided that I needed to continue trying some foods that I've tried or enjoyed so some brussel sprouts came to the table. I have to admit they weren't my favorite dish all night and I probably wouldn't order them again, but since I don't like brussel sprouts, these were good enough that I didn't mind eating them.  That's a big statement to eat something that you don't enjoy normally?  Finally the Oven Roasted Gulf Fish "Fisherman Style" ($28) was the perfect finish to an unbelievable meal.If you're in Cochon, you better be drinking and I greatly, highly, must suggest that you try The Rub. It's insane. Rye + apple cider vinegar + bitters + simple syrup. It's such an odd pairing with the vinegar, but it's soooooo unbelievable. It's one of the best mixed drinks that I've ever had in my life. It was so good that it got it's own paragraph in the review.As an all around restaurant, Cochon really hit my man spot perfectly. From the lay-out of the restaurant, the slightly open kitchen, the wood, the drinks, the food, the seats to the table set-up. Everything hit perfectly. When you come to a place that is setting the standard for new cuisine in such a big city, you understand why it's been on must go lists and television shows. Do yourself a favor. Take the early reservation on a week night if you really need to, it'll be worth it.This review is for customer service and staff attitude. My fiancé, two friends and I were in town (for the first time), just had a great day at JazzFest and we're super excited about trying Cochon. I called once, to confirm they were still taking walk ins, then my fiancé called again to confirm they were still taking walk ins...they confirmed. When we arrived 7 minutes later, we were greeted with a rude woman saying their list is closed. After we stated we had called twice about this, we got a blank stare. No apology - just kept repeating it and acted like we were annoying her. After a follow-up with another person, we were given the same brush-off. If they had just taken responsibility, offered to make a reservation for the following day - whatever - I wouldn't have felt compelled to write this.    If their hostesses are a reflection of the general attitude of the establishment, no thank you. Cochon - you may want to have a talk with your people, busy or not, there's no need for them to be rude to your potential customers.This was the first of many places I ate at in New Orleans. It was also one of the most tasty! We sat in the middle of the restaurant, a little after lunch and a little before dinner, so we were almost alone in the place. Our waiter was super friendly, and when prompted, gave us some advice about things to do around town during our 5-day stay. We ordered the ribs, gator bites (my favorite), the crawfish salad, mac and cheese (some of the best I've had, even leftover and cold), and I think something else. The coffee was also good, although for some reason the kitchen never got any bread out to us.Great service and great good. My friend and I went around noon on a Thursday. The wait for a table was not long. When we sat down our waiter was immediately attentive to us. Our waiter took his time suggesting sides to accompany our order. I had the rabbit and dumplings with a side of greens. The food was amazing!!Food so good you'll want to cry (happy tears).   Shared small plates as appetizers.  Fire roasted oysters were excellent.   Never been a fried chicken liver fan, but Cochon makes some magical livers with pepper jelly and toast.   Better than oysters!  My entree was catfish court bouillon.  Pretty darn perfect.   Three of us shared two desserts.  Chocolate peanut butter pie with candied spicy peanuts was awesome.  Pineapple upside down cake was tasty.   Excellent pastry chef.   Atmosphere is down to earth.   Reasonable prices.  Good place to try new dishes.  Don't hesitate!We hit Cochon for lunch recently and weren't disappointed.  The service was pretty good -- our servers were reasonably friendly and very prompt. We ordered roasted oysters, paneed pork cheeks with beet relish, and rabbit & dumplings. I'm not a fan of oysters, but my fiance described them as "amazing," and said they were very well the best thing she's eaten in quite a while.  The pork cheeks were delicious, and the rabbit & dumplings was very good as well (though it was probably the least enjoyable of the dishes on the table).  We were too stuffed for dessert, so I'll have to report back on that later.All in all, we couldn't be happier to have discovered this restaurant.  We will definitely be back.  It's not exactly cheap, but it will make for a great treat now and then in the future.TOTAL RIP-OFF: I tried two of the most raved about items, the four small smoked pork ribs ($12) and the mac and cheese ($6).  Insultingly with tax, tip and water my bill for this sampler was almost $24!  This is at least 33% too expensive.  At the Joint you can get a huge combo plate of 3 meats, 2 sides for $16.50, enough for 2 or 3 and as good if not better quality.OVER-RATED SMOKEHOUSE: now I'm not saying the food was bad but with a drum smoker most of us can make better (also I do echo other reviews that the mac & cheese was bland and in no way comparable to Butcher, Capdeville, Bistreaux or Cowbell).TOURISTY & TEDIOUS shabby dining hall with vapid disengaged waiters.BETTER NEARBY OPTIONS: Butcher, Root, La Boca, Carmo, La Casita, Capdeville, Sun Ray, Phil's Grill, Surrey's, cafe au lait and a couple of satsumas from the personable Corner Muse 5 blocks away.A casual contemporary setting. The food is fine dining food with casual service and setting environment.    I had the redfish it was very juicy and delicious. The grits are great and creamy. If you like southern creamy red beans Cochon is not the place for it. You would get a little beans w rice and a big piece of ham hock with it. Hubby had the rabbit entrees and loved it. My daughter had the fire wood oysters, it's was ok.     This place is not so kid friendly. The staff act quite strange when they see you bring your kids in. Theirs not much to choose from for your kids.Awesome!  Simple, tasty, fresh, south LA country food!  Great local service - wait staff has great teamwork and love their local cuisine.  Very attentive and helpful.My 11 & 12 YOs loved it all: pig cheek, oysters, liver, grits and brisket. Fun to try some new things.  Great bar menu with local brews and reasonable wine list. Only drawback, the chairs are uncomfortable and hard.  As this restaurant is so popular that might be by design.... If you have back problems consider other options.It doesn't happen often, but sometimes a restaurant just blows me away.  The quality of food, service, and overall experience just scream "PERFECT".Cochon is that kind of restaurant.I made dinner reservations for 2 for a Monday night.  Even on a Monday, the place was almost booked solid -- the only available time was 9pm, so that's when we had dinner.When we arrived, I enjoyed an eyeful of the stylish and contemporary decor (much more cutting-edge than anything in the French Quarter) as well as the open kitchen, and then we were promptly seated.  Our server quickly arrived for our drink orders.  Cochon is known for its crafty cocktails, so we shared a round of the "Saint-suma" (Citadelle gin, St. Germain, satsuma juice, plum bitters, Angry Orchard cider) and the "All Done" (Buffalo Trace bourbon, Bittermens Hiver Amer, Domaine de Canton, grapefruit, fig bitters, tonic).  Both were sweet and smooth, but packed a strong punch.While sipping on the cocktails, we noshed on the complementary rolls and butter.  The rolls at Cochon are warm, soft, and dangerously addictive.The menu at Cochon is perfect for sampling and sharing.  We ordered a whole array of dishes that we munched on family style.  It was an eye-popping assortment of gourmet Cajun goodness:1) Wood-fired oysters with chili garlic butter2) Fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise3) Cucumbers & herbs in vinegar4) Smoked beef brisket with horseradish, potato & apple salad5) Rabbit & dumplings6) Pineapple upside-down cake with coconut-lime sorbet and dulce de lecheI could go into laborious detail on every plate, but I'll keep things (relatively) brief:  The oysters were spicy and creamy.  The alligator was crunchy and savory.  The cucumbers and herbs were fresh and tangy.  The brisket was tender and succulent.  The rabbit and dumplings were hearty and comforting.  The upside-down cake was vibrant and exhilarating.  Each dish was spectacular in its own way.Service was efficient, friendly, and unobtrusive.  The staff here is all about letting your have cozy one-on-one time with your dinner companion, with minimal interruption -- which is a-okay is my book.The verdict?  Cochon rocks.  It's easily among the best restaurants in NOLA.Killer place! I actually loved everything except the Cochon! Which I thought was very weird.  The dishes I had were the ribs, allegator, oysters, mac and cheese, their famous cochon and desert.  Even though the cochon wasn't very good everything else was absolutely stellar and I have to still give it 5 stars. I loved this place and would definitely come back.These guys know how to do Pig. Its delicious. Every time I come to New Orleans I come here. I came when they first opened and it was easy to get a table. Nowadays, good luck without a reservations.  But its still worth it.The fried alligator, the rabbit and dumplings, the pork with pickled watermelon are all delicious. The couple next to me had macaroni and cheese and the brussel sprouts. They let me try a bite of both and just delicious.Try their homemade bourbon as well with the peanut butter and chocolate pie. Its flipping delicious.OMGG!! I love Love LOVEEE Cochon.  I don't know if it's because it was on someone else's tab or because the food was just so amazing?? I think I have to say..BOTH!!!I'll just get straight to the point (bc we all know a 5 star rating means excellent staff, service, ambiance, food, etc...)Appetizers:Wood Fire Oysters : Amazing!Paneed Pork CheeksJumbo Crabmeat in a crab shell: THIS WAS SOO GOOD!!Entrees:Louisiana Cochon with CracklinSoft Shell Craball very very good choicesDessert:I don't remember the dessert.  It was good but didn't blow my mind.Definitely want to come back here! 5 stars indeed!First, I sat at the counter in front of the chefs. So I could see how everything was prepared. This is a well oiled machine. The food was prepared perfectly and served immediately. I can not say how well the flavors brought joy to my pallet. A wonderfull dining experience well worth the wait to get in. I am in NOLA once a month and will definitely return to this establishment.Cochon is one of those restaurants in town you HAVE to go and try. It's so unique and the decor is so simple, understated, yet chic and modern. This is a great place for a special night out with your significant other, a small group of friends, or on your foodie tour of New Orleans. This is def a top three restaurant in the city and I highly recommend making this part of your exploration of the city's fine cuisine if you are here to eat. The worst part about this place is getting a reservation, but hey, if that's a problem then this place must be good, right? The service is prompt, nonobtrusive and informative. The drink selection has a few select cocktails that change occasionally, as well as plenty of beer and wine choices. The food itself is mostly pork, alligator and fish. I recommend the Cochon as that is fairly authentic and the friend alligator. I've had better Boudin elsewhere but I can't complain as it was still above par. We didn't have dessert so I can't comment on that, but the ham hock was incredible. Def make sure you stop by this place if you are seeking a unique and delightful dinner.Everything about this place is special and thought out. It's in the heart if the warehouse district right on the corner of Andrew Higgins and Tchoupitoulas. We parked about a block down the street and  could already smell the delicious food as we were walking up to the place. We were a group of 6 with a baby and didn't make a reservation (everyone else seemed to have one), but after a 10-15 minute wait we were seated outside on a beautiful spring day. The bar was fully stocked and the drinks were GOOD...strong. We ordered the boucherie plate as a starter and shared it amongst us all of us. It was good but it should have more than 4 crackers. I personally ordered the fried alligator with a side of mac and cheese and it was delicious. At our table we also ordered the pork cheeks, the Louisiana cochon and some special with delicious fish with the stuffed potato side and that was outstanding as well. I would definitely come back and have already recommended it to friendsThe food was not outstanding, but our server was. Terry showed us true hospitality. Too bad the food was not all it was cracked up to be. The alligator was tough and the brisket unremarkable. My friend rhapsodized about the bacon and oyster sandwich on toasted white bread, though, so who knows? I will say the service is excellent.This place. Just killer. Everything about it. Where do I even begin?Let's begin with how obsessed I am with their house vinegar. Why would I start with this? Because I literally wanted to put it into my purse and steal it, it was THAT good! Good to dip bread in, good to douse over the meal, probably even good over dessert... okay, maybe not dessert, but you get it. It was gooood and on the table to be used freely.Thankfully everything else matched that. My cocktail, the Swinekiller, was stellar. The Mac n' Cheese was ooey gooey goodness and the fried alligator... Well, that was chewy, but an interesting thing to at least say you've tried before! Side note: it tasted like chicken, but chewier. The meal wouldn't have been rave worth without my main course, the soft shell crab. Which was lightly battered and delicious, Just incredible. Even down to the corn on the bottom... which I doused with vinegar. The whole place has an industrial feel mixed in with an outdoor picnic. Confused? I guess you gotta go there to find out! And steal that vinegar for me!Let's talk about that music. Any place playing Arcade Fire upon entrance is doing something right. The lighting was awesome (lighting is underrated in its importance) and it was a very comfortable place.Food was great. Table favorites were brisket and ribs.Cochon is a loud, casual, fun-seeming place. I came here because the hype has been high, and I wanted to try it.The experience was a bit worse than the food. Here's how it was...1. My reserved table was not ready on time. We were not told anything but that they were getting it ready. Ended up waiting outside for 10 minutes because that was the only real place to wait. Not a big deal, but clear instructions would have been nice.2. After being seated there was a mish-mash of service. It was ALWAYS someone scurrying by as if they were in a race to get somewhere else, not actually serve us.3. The food is ok overall. The red fish was nothing special. The Mac n cheese was pretty standard for its price.  The gumbo is probably the best thing I had. There are probably great things here, but I didn't have any of them.4. I ordered a ribs app that was inedibly salty. When I told the server, instead of an apology, I received a condescending lecture about how my app could be replaced, but it would probably be salty too because Cajun food was salty. 5. After the lecture, the bad service definitely did not improve.6. Prices are comparable to similar style places. There are so many wonderful places to eat in New Orleans where food and service are amazing. This is not one of them. They may have some hype, but save yourself, your money and your taste buds for something better. It shouldn't be difficult.I had been looking forward to eating here FOREVER. I had a friend come into town so I figured this would be a great spot to take them. Satisfying my desire while also showing them a good time. Win-Win. We had a Tuesday reservation and the place was pretty full even then. We were seated immediately and were soon brought some fresh bread which is usually one of my favorite parts of the meal and Cochon was no exception. The bread was so good. Our waitress, who we had a hard time getting in contact with all night came and told us the specials (Pork Belly and Soft Shelled Crab) so my date and I decided to go with that along with the oysters and pork cheeks. Here's what I'll say about the food at Cochon; It's edible. It wasn't amazing. It wasn't even especially memorable. It was mediocre at its best. The oysters and the bread were the highlight of the meal. I wouldn't say don't eat here but I will say that there are many other restaurants in the city that will give you better food for your buck. Cochon was just okay.The food is good, but not MIND BLOWING or anything, minus one thing. We got the alligator, the mac and cheese, pork cheek, wood fired oysters, and the BREAD PUDDING. Get the bread pudding! It is the best I've ever had -- super moist but not runny, a perfect crust, and the sauce is to die for! Overall, I think the food is great and the ambiance is wonderful, but I wasn't completely blown away. Except of course, by the bread pudding!This restaurant came highly recommended. We also saw it reviewed on Food Network. Definitely lived up to the hype. Great down home southern food with a modern upscale twist. Delicious! And a large variety of drinks both with and without alcohol. I had a Blenheim Ginger Ale that was spicy sweet and refreshing. I think I'm hooked.We decided to have our annual work Christmas party at Cochon. The experience was horrible and I regret suggesting this place! None of us (10 people) will be back. 1. We walked in to an empty restaurant (maybe 4 tables were occupied) and were told by the hostess we couldn't be seated until our full party arrived. So instead of sitting, we all stood around OUR table crowding the walkway until everyone showed up.2. We ordered 2 bean pies and 2 orders of oysters to start and only 1 bean pie was delivered (the second was delivered 15 minutes later because the waiter "dropped the original one"). So 10 of us had to share crumbs of the first bean pie and by the time the second came nobody wanted it. By the way the bean pie is gross. Oysters were okay.3. Every single person at the table received their entrée except me (I was the only one to order fish). Out of respect everyone was waiting for me to get my meal, but eventually had to just go ahead and eat because it took over 10 minutes to deliver my meal (we all assume he forgot to put the order in). The waiter compted me a shot of moonshine but that still didn't make up for ruining our meal. 4. Our boss asked for some horse radish for his pork and was literally told, "there is more than enough already on the table, you can share". I am not kidding!!!! We all had a good laugh after that because what else can you do after being spoken to like a child when you are paying for a $400 meal. Maybe my problem was primarily with the waiters we had but the whole place wreaks of poor customer service and unfriendly faces. Our entire Christmas party consisted of, "did we get what we ordered?" "when will we get refills?" "did they deliver your meal yet?". It was horrible and not fun at all. I would rather pay for an overpriced meal elsewhere. Get your act together Cochon.I have a gluten allergy and they were so accommodating and helpful to help me choose what I could eat. we went with a large group, the wine, the food, the ambiance, everything was amazing. i can't remember everything that we had, but we literally tried almost everything on the menu.Amazing food with slightly above average service. This was the best meal I had in Nola. Come here, order the alligator and the Cochon. But everything else that was ordered was great. Maybe pass on the catfish stew. See picsNow I know why there's almost always a line outside of this place. The food is really, really good it is simple and what's even more amazing is it's so inexpensive. I believe that's why the line is so long.3.5 StarCochon is GOOD! I really enjoyed my dining experience here. A menu that concentrated mainly on meat! What's not to love?! We shared:Appetizer:Fried boudin with pickled peppers ($8)Wood-fired oysters with chili garlic butter ($11) X2! - So good, we ordered one more!Cane syrup glazed pork cheek with mushrooms and roasted corn grits ($11)Fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise ($10)Smothered greens ($6)Main:Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & cracklins ($23)Smoked ham hock with sorghum, apples & kale ($24)I really enjoyed all the appetizer items but the main was disappointing. Especially the ham hock was bland and dry. Service was excellent and attentive. The drink list is quite good, I might be here again to order some snacks and have a drink and some more oyster! Fried alligator also a perfect beer food! :)The only thing that was truly awesome was the chocolate peanut butter pie.  The roasted nuts put me over the edge into dessert nirvana.  The boucherie plate was good, but not great (except for the liver, which was amazing).  The fried alligator was nice.  Good flavor, but too much breading.The ham hock was disappointing.  Not enough flavor and it was neither firm, nor tender, but something in the middle.  Solid service, although a little slow at times.Everything you've heard about this place is true: you MUST GO.Our trip here was totally worth the cab fare to venture out of the French Quarter.  We started with an appetizer consisting of shrimp wrapped with cured pork.  Mouth-watering.I ordered a dish with pulled pork and cabbage.  As soon as my fork hit the pork, the pork melted into the plate.  I've never had such tender pork.  The combination with the cabbage mixture ("tousse") was unbelievable.My friend had the alligator sandwich which she loved.  We also split a side of the mac and cheese which is completely worth the extra calories.  Order this regardless of whether or not you still have room!!We tried about 5 or 6 small plates and boucheries. All were amazing, especially the fried boudin and the fried liver. Plus, the atmosphere is great and the service too.Stopped in for a quick bite to eat and a couple of beers. This place will not disappoint!While the food may be wonderful at Cochon, the surly staff more than negates that. Our reservation was lost (we made it more than a month before AND confirmed it just days before) and the very, very unfriendly hostess and restaurant manager basically called us liars. We couldn't have enjoyed the evening with these two people around us anyway - so just as well that Jacques Imo's squeezed us in and we had fabulous food, a wonderful crazy wait staff and free desserts! Don't miss going to Jacques Imo's and avoid Cochon.Wow. Five stars just for the wood fired oysters in the chili garlic butter. So so delicious. The chili garlic butter didn't overwhelm the natural flavors of the oyster as I had at other places in Nola. Loved it so much, ordered seconds. Also had the fried alligator with spicy mayo which was very good as well. The rabbit and dumplings were a good comfort food but couldn't outshine the first two dishes. Didn't regret coming at all!Came to Cochon for lunch since it was highly recommended by many foodie friends. Came here with an adventurous coworker and ordered a variety of tapas to share!Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Mayonnaise ($10) - flavors were excellent! Reminded me of a spicy sushi roll with the creamy mayonnaise. However, we were not big fans of alligators. Some of the meat was dark and some light. It was extremely chewy and gamey. Could only get through a few pieces...Gumbo ($7) - delicious, flavorful, and spicy! Unfortunately, by the time the gumbo cooled, we began to realize how salty the soup really was... without bread, couldn't get through this one. Smoked Beef Brisket with Horse radish, Potato, and Apple Salad ($21) - the meat was tender and flavorful and served in a bowl of sauce. The thing that threw me off was the cold potato salad was served right next to the meat in the hot sauce bowl. I hate my meat cold and my potato salad hot. Just imagine eating a warm salty apple! But this was one of the better dishes.Service started off BADLY with the waitress forgetting to bring us bread and not attending to us much at all. Miraculously, our server changed in the middle of our lunch and was much better.Went to Cochon for lunch with friends (party of 6, so tips was automatically 20%). Our waiter was friendly though, so it's okay for us. We ordered: 1. Braised pork cheek - I think this was the best one for me. I love the hint of apple in the sauces because it was refreshing. The meat was tender too. 2. Alligator with spicy mayo - the meat was chewy but the spicy mayo makes you crave for more. 3 of my friends like this. 3. Rabbit and dumpling - this taste really similar to a pot pie filling. The rabbit was tender so, it was pretty good but it's not a dish that I'll order again because the rabbit taste like chicken anyway. The dumpling were more like a biscuit than dumpling so that was quite a confusion for us too when we were looking for the 'dumpling'. 4. Char grilled oyster - good, because you can taste spiciness and hint of garlic without being to overwhelmed by it. 5. Ribs - this one was a disappointment. I tAsted better ribs and more tender too. This one didn't fall off the bone although it was pretty easy to eat it. The sauce were to much for me. 6. Fish - I forgot the name but it was the most expensive one in the entree menu. The fish is pretty okay, but when I was trying to eat the skin I couldn't. It's like the skin was too hard and scaly (if that were the scales I won't be surprise). The rub was good though.All in all it was pretty good. We were really hungry though so It would be much better if we didn't share the food because it came in  small plates. Our server was nice and we got seated pretty quick for a big party.This place was sooo goood. Tried the fried alligator, ribs with watermelon relish, and pork cheeks. It was my first time trying alligator, but holy crap, I would've happily eaten an entire gator if they fried it with a side of their garlic aioli sauce. Every dish that went by looked delicious. On top of the food being great, the service was excellent and our bartenders took care of us. Would definitely recommend!!Cochon has amazing food and cocktails--it is worth a visit.  We loved the fried alligator!  Each bite was cripsy on the outside and tender on the inside.  The sauce was spicy and savory.  It was actually my favorite dish of the evening.  We also both loved the "Hey Jack" cocktail, which had a spicy kick to it thanks to the jalapeño purée.However, the service was the one disappointment when visited.  Our waiter went M.I.A. for over ten minutes when we told him we needed a moment to decide on drinks.  Delays and confusion abounded.All in all we really enjoyed our food but decided it wasn't the best of our trip to New Orleans.I thought it was good.  I am not sure if I would say, "You HAVE to go there."  It was solid though.  The chairs are uncomfortable though...I thought I wasn't going to make it to Cochon, but by way of a happy accident in which our hotel room wasn't ready, we managed to make it here for lunch. Sure, the wait was 45 minutes, but it beat loitering in the Marriott lobby.Our meal was excellent. The headcheese amuse was fantastic and our first courses of fried alligator and wood-fired oysters were the perfect introduction to New Orleans.We were divided on the pork cheeks vs. rabbit and dumplings. He very much preferred the pork cheeks while I thought the rabbit and dumplings were fantastic. That said, I'd much rather eat it on a cold Pennsylvania night rather than a sultry Louisiana afternoon.Regardless, our meal was wonderful, plus the local beers were extremely solid. I hope to come by for dinner in the very near future.Pork cheeks. Mac-n-cheese. Oyster&Bacon sammich. Fried boudin. Louisiana Cochon. Strawberry vinaigrette salad with pork jowls. Washed down with some Lazy Magnolia IPA. This spot was on par if not better than the Publican in Chicago. If you ever want to get fancy and do small plates this is the place. They had a couple large plates that were under $30 that looked amazing as well. Staff was super friendly to us tourists. Hats off to the folks running this spot. Kitchen looked great and everything seemed to be flowing seamlessly.If you are in NOLA you MUST try this place.  Even though our reservation was lost and we had to wait over an hour and a half to sit, it was worth the wait..and even the 5 star rating. Every one I have met while here for a convention has raved about this place and I am so glad that I had the opportunity to eat here.Let me tell you all that I ate...Wood Fired Oysters...out of this world best oysters ever.Fried Alligator...sounds a bit scary to some...but I wish we had this at home...amazingFor dinner my significant other and I could not decide so we decided to take the suggestion of our waiter and split our meals so we could try both.  We had the Smoked Ham hocks and the signature cochon dish.  Both were absolutely amazing.  I have never had pork cooked to such perfection.  I highly, highly recommend this place...never been to a restaurant like it and will be back when i visit NOLA again.There isn't much I can add to the accolades of this fine establishment. We have experienced great food in a comfortable and casual atmosphere and some amazing flavors in every single dish we have tried here. I would recommend both the alligator and the oyster appetizers. The gator was possibly the most tender gator I have ever tried. And the sauce they used on the oysters made me rub my gator bits in it to enjoy all of it's flavor. The charcuterie plate was filled with all sorts of yummy "house-made" tidbits; pickles, mustard, hog's head cheese, smoked meats.As the name would indicate, it is a pork-centric menu, but they also offer a few non-pork dishes. My friends were slightly miffed that we couldn't have dessert with some pork as well, but the peanut butter pie was fine with out the bacon sprinkles my pal was hoping to order.Make reservations ahead of schedule, or show up early and roll the dice for an outside table or a seat at the bar. If they can't fit you in you can always grab something yummy at Butcher right out back!Love love love! The only mistake I made was coming here for lunch instead of dinner. After multiple days of eating heaving meals, I was trying to go "light" for lunch. Oops. I tried, I really did, but I was craving oysters.Let me start by saying that I juts love the ambience of this place. Lots of wood, and the dining area is intimate without being stuffy.I had the wood fired oysters and the oyster and bacon sandwich. I already said I was craving oysters. The wood fired oysters were spicy and saucy and simply succulent. I highly recommend them! The sandwich was to die for as well, and I'm generally not even a sandwich person.Next time, I must come for dinner. I wanted to order everything on the menu. What a great experience in New Orleans!We much preferred our appetizers to the main courses. The oysters with chili garlic butter were one of my favorite things that I ate in New Orleans. While everything was tasty, some items were richer than they needed to be. The bean pie was pretty tasty but also over the top. The fried alligator was ordered as a novelty and wasn't very interesting. One of the most popular appetizers with our group was a fatback special.The eponymous cochon was a favorite main course, although no one could finish it. It was absurdly rich. The smoked brisket was also tremendously popular, although I thought it was just fine. The rabbit and dumplings ended up being a big disappointment. Of course, this was entirely the fault of our own gluttony, but overall the food was too rich.They definitely know what they're doing here.The dinner rolls are the best dinner rolls I've ever had hands down. I'd come back just for those.I got the fried alligator and the shrimp here. Both were outstanding. I don't think there's any dish here that you would go wrong with.Also, the server brought out the wrong flight of moonshine for us so he gave us another flight for free. Major points for that.It's all been said, but...The service was very friendly.  The gator was delicious - it's chewy, but the pieces are small and fried, so it's pretty comparable to calamari, though the spicy mayo is really what makes it.  The fried liver was unique and flavorful - served on little pieces of toast with some jelly and draped in pickled onion and mint leaves.  For some reason, the kitchen was also giving out an extra small plate - I think it was pate, but I didn't see it on the menu.  Either way, it was just as tasty as the rest.Was very happy to get reservation here on our first night in New Orleans. We were promptly seated at a nice booth with the view of the open kitchen and our server Garette (spelling?) was really nice. We ordered two cocktails and a bunch of small plates to share. Finally, we ordered dessert which completely blew our minds! I started off with a "Hey Jack" and my husband got a drink with curry bitters but I can't remember the name. His drink was a bit too bitter for both of us and our server was nice enough to offer us another drink. My husband opted for the same drink as mine (Hey Jack) as we both liked it a lot. For dinner, we ordered the fried alligator, smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle, wood-fired oysters and eggplant and shrimp dressing. We were also provided warm fluffy buns to go with our dinner which were perfect. I think my favorite dish was wood-fired oysters and then the ribs. I also really enjoyed the shrimp and eggplant dish. My husband really liked the alligator and to me it was just ok. As soon as we finished dinner, our server brought out a couple glasses of champagne *on the house* to help celebrate our anniversary!! How sweet is that?!?! We ordered the upside down pineapple cake for our dessert and it was delicious! Of course the food here is awesome, but this place gets a five star rating for their service and sweet gesture. **Thanks Garette for making our day so special, we really enjoyed our dinner and will always remember your kindness :)!!**Light wood decor and big windows offer a great dining atmosphere. The oysters were fantastic. They had just enough spice that the oyster wasn't over powered. The Cochon was sweet savory pork that hit the spot. The redfish was buttery and cooked perfectly. The rabbit dumplings were original and tastes similar to turkey. The lemon pie was to die for and it was paired with cognac! Unfortunately, I they had a weak wine list with such a  strong food menu.My family is from Louisiana, so when I'm in the state - and specifically NOLA - I want some real Cajun cooking. Cochon is it. I've been to NOLA twice for business and made a point to visit Cochon both times; it's a must!Food: Always load up on the appetizers! I've had the fried alligator, crab stuffed artichokes a few others I forget, as well as the gumbo. And oh my the gumbo! I could eat three bowls of their gumbo of the day and be just fine. The roux is dark, spicy and perfectly seasoned. At my most recent visit I had the red snapper for the entree and was slightly disappointed. The taste was okay, and there were bones throughout (when the server specifically described it as "de-boned"). I'm sure I could have said something, but I didn't as I was happy with everything else. Our server was so slow anyways, that by the time I had the opportunity to say anything, I was full.Service: The food is awesome but don't expect fine dining service. This is my only critique; of the two times I've been here, we've had to hunt down our servers so we could leave.Drinks: I've enjoyed a few of their cocktails and always love the flavor combination! Definitely recommended over any of the beer.Atmosphere: It's fun, but slightly loud and seating is tight, so expect to make friends with your neighbor.Location: I'm not a huge fan of Bourbon Street, so this restaurant is a great location for me. It's away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon, but still in a neat neighborhood with several bars for after dinner drinks.Food - 4 Service - 5 Opportunity cost in New O - 3 Food - The rabbit stew was amazing because it had a complex depth of flavor, the rabbit was silky smooth and tender, and the biscuits were moist butter milky and soft.My fisherman's fish was wonderfully crispy and tasty.Service - Very friendly staff, great new age wood atmosphere, and a fun porky menu.Opportunity Cost - I would give it more stars but when you are in  New Orleans there are so many GREAT places to go that it is a shame to go here when you are only in town for a week.Went for a late dinner so it was crowded and we ate at the bar, but the staff was really great and friendly. You absolutely MUST order their fried alligator appetizer. The sauce that it comes with is fantastic! We ordered the catfish courtbouillon entree, which was also very tasty. I'd say its worth checking out for a NOLA dinner.This is one of my favorites in New Orleans. It's a great atmosphere with terrific food. Really friendly and helpful staff. Good cocktail list with fun drinks. The food was amazing, the ribs were good. There was a pork belly appetizer that was phenomenal and the best thing we ate that night. The dish Louisiana Cochon was really good and so was the Rabbit & Dumplings.Can't wait to go back.One of my absolute favorite restaurants anywhere!!! The food here is nothing short of decadent. Great atmosphere, great bar, and most certainly great food!!! When I feel the need to celebrate or indulge for whatever reason they are always near the top of my list!!!My husband and I ate here on a trip to New Orleans over Christmas, so this review is about 5 months late. The only reason I'm writing it at all is because over the past five months, the memory of the boudin  and the chocolate peanut butter pie we ate for lunch has been a constant presence and longing. Cochon was an absolutely delightful welcome to New Orleans, with attentive staff and excellent food. I'm astonished to find myself thinking about that lunch so many months after the fact. I can't wait to go back for that pie.It pains me to write a sub-par review for Cochon since this was the meal I most looked forward to during my trip to NOLA... The hostess was rude. Not only did they mess up the date of the reservation, which we identified when they called to confirm, they were argumentative on the phone and less than polite in person. The worst of it was that we were made to wait 45 minutes for a table despite the reservation. This taints an entire restaurant experience for me, unfortunately. Our waitress ended up being awesome.  She was gracious, helpful, and attentive.  When three of our six entrees came out cold, she apologized profusely and comped all three of them.  It was beyond what they had to do but much appreciated.  If you can get past these challenges, the food is great. For appetizers, we ordered the fried alligator (not to be missed), oysters (amazing), and pork cheeks (quite good)My entree was a slow roasted ham special with broccoli and cheese casserole on the side. The ham was good (better when hot) as was the casserole, which was crazy rich. Sides on the table were shrimp and eggplant stuffing (sounds weird but really good) and mac and cheese (great).  I really wish I had better feedback since the food and our waitress were awesome.  Hopefully they work out the kinks up front or we just visited on an off night.  I'd still say it's worth checking out...just bring your patience.Being my third attempt at this place (first time actually getting a table) i learned from the prior two attempts to make a reservation, i highly suggest you do the same if considering coming here as this place always seems to be full, and for good reason. I arrived about five minutes after my reservation and they were actually laying the silverware on the table so perfect timing indeed.First thing, the staff was very nice and attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly.  They really kept things moving in there to say there wasn't an empty seat in the house. Enjoyed an appetizer of oysters although they weren't as salty as i like mine, and i would like to compliment them for the fancy, baller ass spread with cheese's that i've never even seen before.I can't remember what my friend had, it was some kind of soup, but very good from what she said, and i had the brisket with apple salad and it was simply on point. I was very pleased with my order. The atmosphere was pretty cool as well, felt like i was in a restaurant somewhere in NYC, there's a view of the kitchen that can be seen from the dining area, which was cool i thought. Also ran into Nick Kroll after lunching so it was a complete experience.I'll be going back.I avoid a lot of the service issues by going at odd hours and sitting at the bar. So, I proceeded as usual to hit this spot around 2:30 pm on a Thursday and plopped down at the bar with a friend.Got the fried alligator as many have suggested. Get it. Consistency wasn't 100%--some were very tender, some slightly chewier than others but overall this was very tasty so I would get it. Seriously, it's like chicken. It's definitely some of the better fried alligator I have tried.Wood-fired oysters. Whoa. Holy crap. What flavor. Briny. Smoky. Crazy good. Have to get this. I mean, I could not believe how good this was. I should have gotten another one.I sampled some of my friend's smoked brisket which was really good.I had the rabbit and dumplings. I think dumplings should be in quotes. It's more like biscuits sitting in gravy--top is exposed and slightly crusty, not a typical dumpling. I'm not complaining though. They were still good! There were 4 of these small little delights. Rabbit was well cooked. The gravy that the rabbit and dumplings was bathed in was fantastic! I would take a bath in this and just slurp it up to drain the tub. It was that good. Man. This dish was great. Get it.So again, no service issues with the bartender. Not the most attentive guy in a down time but not to a point where it bothered me. I will definitely be back to try other plates.This is by far THE best restaurant during our three-day stay. The environment is clean, modern, and inviting. The staffs are very friendly. Most importantly, the foods are outrageously good. I'm a food lover and a good cook myself. My first exposure to Cajun food was through a cooking book written by chef Paul so naturally the K-Paul's Restaurant was on top of my must-go places during my stay. The day before I finally went there but left feeling unimpressed. That experience filled me with certain doubts when I went to this restaurant this afternoon. Boy was I surprised! The wood fired oyster was so good I had to order one more plate. It is served on a bed of rock salts and the oysters are juicy and full of flavor. I normally prefer fresh raw oysters with little  spice added, but now I'm a convert. I will choose these cooked oysters over any raw ones without blinking. The fried alligator is very good too. The breading does not override all the flavor and preserves the unique texture of the meat quite well. Eat each piece with the fresh mint leave provided and you will enjoy a quite complex taste unlike typical fried stuff. The fisherman style fish is a masterpiece as well!All in all, this is one of the few truly memorable dining experiences I've had in my life. It has been a few hours and I'm still in food coma. LOL.Food was pretty good. We had rabbit and dumplings (4 stars), fried alligator (3.5), salad with fried bologna (3), ribs appetizer (4). Beer selection disappointed (though good beer is hard to find in NO in general).The Butcher shop next door is a different story. Everything on that menu looks amazing. We had the Muffuletta sandwich and brisket sliders. Excellent. I'd say the restaurant is a 3.5 for me, but the butcher is 4.5.Great food! The menu was a bit daunting at first, but take the leap and try it! The eggplant and shrimp dressing was amazing as well as the chocolate cake. My advice, though, would be to make a reservation before you go. We waited an hour for a table for 2 while many reservation-made guests zoomed past us to their tables. Great food; great service.I was really excited to come here and try their dinner menu as I am a big fan of their sandwich shop next door, plus Mario Batali was sitting outside eating under the heated lamps!I tried their mustard pickle braised pork cheeks with roasted grits and their signature Louisiana Cochon I turnips, cabbage, picked peaches and cracklings. My favorite was the braised pork cheeks, the use of pickle juice and mustard really added a interesting dimension to the tender pork cheeks and really lightened the combination of the creamy grits. The Louisiana Cochon was disappointing. It reminded me of a pulled pork burger that was dry and the turnips and cabbage being a mildly sweet didn't really do much for me to accentuate the pork.. I also didn't notice much in the way of the peaches. Overall the impression of a dried pulled pork patty was the unfortunate impression I left with. I was looking with envy at the duck and dumplings the table next us was digging into.If you want to try alligator, rabbit and oysters this place is the way to go. The alligator here was really good. The oysters were beyond this world, it's a must try if you come to NOLA. Also the dessert, I believe it was the peanut butter pie or something.Let's talk about what was right first :) I ordered the horseradish potato salad and beef roast. The meat was so tender and flavorful it fell apart. The potato salad had so much flavor I have never had anything like it. Now the not so nice aspect.... Service was horrible ( we were practically ignored, I understand it was around lunch time and it was busy) and I found 2 different objects floating in my coffee on two different occasions. I brought that to the servers attention... and he seemed unimpressed. Super bummer as we were staying in the area and I would definitely liked to eat there againDisclosure: I typically do not eat pork!Get ready to go into a food coma after reading this....We started out with a "small plate" of blue crab and bacon satsuma salad paired with a Johnny cake. We moved to the pork and black eyed pea gumbo and ended our appetizer binge with the braised pork cheeks accompanied with a potato cake, applesauce and horseradish cream.  The horseradish cream was a perfect complement with the pork cheeks.  The appetizers were so delicious; we were extremely excited to see what the entrées would consist of.  One entree was rabbit & dumplings (recommend by the waiter and absolutely mouth watering) and the second entrée was Louisiana fire roasted oysters. The fried oysters were my least favorite, but after all; the place is called Cochon.  Cochon has definitely opened my palette to pork, as I am no longer a pork hater.  The atmosphere is cozy, and a reservation is definitely recommended.  Located off of the New Orleans French Quarter beaten path, but worth the walk.Good flavor. Alligator and rabbit was good. The rabbit was a bit on the pricey side for what you get. The alligator was a bit over cooked - REALLY Chewy. More than other alligator I've had. They don't split checks.The fried alligator was a hit for everyone at my table. We also had the charcuterie board which was delicious, but had no cheese. My table had the red beans with ham hocks, Louisiana cochon, and catfish. All were amazing, I've had better red beans. The side of shrimp with mirliton tasted homemade and delicious. Overall the food was really good, but prices rather high. I recommend splitting a dish, as they are all meat-based, heavy and rather large portions.This is one of the very few restraint in the world. We're everything tastes great The service was excellent the food was amazing. And it was very reasonably price it is one of my favorites. And if I'm ever in the area again I will defiantly go.The Food was Good, the Service??? Not so much.  Hearing and reading great reviews we took a long walk to get to Cochon. Our hotel conceirge had made a luncheon reservation, but it was not showing on the books.  But after a few minute we got our tablr for two.  Ordered a great looking Whtie Burgundy because I recognized the (relatively obscure) producer.  It was very good, so we were off to a great start. Our waitress seemed friendly and knowledgeble. We ordered three appetizers and then one entree.  That's when things slowed to a crawl and our waitress truned into a cold fish.  Waiting for courses was interminable and just when I thought it couldn't get worse, the dreaded happened.  Pet Peeve number 1: waiting for the check to arrive.  This one was among the worst ever! Seemed like 10 minutes just to get the check and it was fully another five to get my credit card back, which she just threw on the table.  10% seemed very generous. Food: loved the oyster and bacon sandwich, but could have had  more filling, less bread. Pig cheeks were excellent.  The sizzling oysters were too heavily spiced, spoiling the whole idea.  Ribs were dry rubbed and delicious.This is a staple for lunch and dinner. Have the fried shrimp heads if they are offered... and don't expect a very healthy meal-- even though the ingredients are all the highest quality.The room is noisy and the staff are relatively friendly, if sometimes unaccountably snooty, or maybe its' hipster angst, I'm not sure... Coming from New York this makes me laugh... but the food is worth any worry. You probably need a reservation. Wear whatever you want...I'm sure no one cares.I went here with a very large group in the early evening time. I tasted only a small percentage of the many different dishes ordered and I can tell you that everything was delicious and I'd gladly return!By the time we left, we were all in major food coma! Here's how we got there:I ordered 2 items ... First, the fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise, which was divine! One of the best things I've eaten in New Orleans. It's tangy, crunchy, with a little heat and balanced nicely with my gin drink "The Swinekiller". The garnish actually added quite a bit, I think it was a simple chopped green onion. I also got the mustard pickle braised pork cheeks with roasted grits which was a hearty, warming, winter-time type of dish ... meat and potatoes, really well prepared.I will without doubt crave the fried alligator next time I return to New Orleans, and will have to make a stop back to Cochon. Keep up the great work guys!!An absolute wonderful meal. The oysters were off-the-hook good; I think they used a chili oil which gave it great flavor.  The gumbo had a meaty flavor and it had a deviled egg in it which made it surprisingly good. I had the ham hock as the main entree. I can't wait to go back.Good bar and simple bar food that's pretty good. If you aren't looking for anything crazy, different or out of this world on the culinary scale, and just want a hot dog or hamburger - this is the place for you!Great small plate options. Nice aesthetic. Worth the wait. The four of us ordered a large assortment of small plates and they were all delicious. The least favorite part of my meal was my drink - I had a Hey, Jack - it promised jalapeno infused liquor. Not so much. It's possible my standards were high by that point in the day but, really, I expected better. I would definitely go again.One of my favorites in New Orleans!  Don't pass this one up!Got a late booking here while on a visit to N'Awlins in August. It really lives up to all the hype.We started with a couple of delicious cocktails to go with our fried alligator and wood-fired oysters. The alligator took the prize. I've heard its hard to cook well but Cochon seem to have nailed it. For mains we had the shrimp pasta in lemon broth and the cochon with mac n cheese. I'm not a huge fan of turnips but the cochon (kind of like pulled pork) was incredible. We limped back to our hotel feeling pretty stuffed but very, very satisfied. It's got a really cool vibe, next time I'm in NOLA I'm definitely gonna check out their butcher next door.We just didnt feel like we were eating in Nola here. It was kinda modern fancy vibe here. Menu is the same so be prepared for  little fancy. However collards and mac cheese were good and boudin balls not bad. Just no nola feel here even after eating.Honestly-Not much to say other than delicious. Small portions that really hit the spot. The fried gator is an absolute MUST!Unbelievable!  Every single thing that hit our table was fantastic. Superb!  Fine dining in shorts.  The ingredients were fresh and the meat was top notch.  I felt like in was eating in my grandmothers kitchen...with an interesting culinary twist.   Wow...just wow...My friends and I were in town for NYE and back in November I made reservations for Cochon. They took my credit card at the time of reservation and said they would charge $25 a head if we weren't on time. Well we arrive 5 min early and then had to wait for another hour to be seated. I'm not sure if they overbooked or what, but I didn't think we were treated fairly. Anyway, let's get to the food! Nothing on the menu really stood out to me except for their sides and they looked amazing! The other 5 people in our party ordered meals. Listed below are our meals, sides and appetizers: 1. Alligator bites - delicious2. Cochon- yummy but very salty and got old fast. There needs to be another flavor to break it up. 3. Catfish dish- the person that got it said "decent"4. Bologna salad- two ppl got this and said good and a nice change to blah salads. The bologna pieces are deep fried, it's not a traditional fried piece of bologna slapped on top of a salad. 5. Sides: Mac and cheese - delicious! Broccoli: greatLima beans: very good, but cooked almost like pinto beans. Twice baked potato: almost up there with the alligator bites!! Overall, the food was good and the wait sucked! Probably would not return if I happen to be in NOLA again.We were looking for an upscale restaurant that emphasized Louisiana style cuisine during our trip to New Orleans, and Cochon fit the bill perfectly. We shared a few appetizers (Wood fired oysters and boudin balls), and ordered the signature cochon and brisket. The oysters were divine, filled with piquant flavors that contrasted well with the oysters themselves. The boudin balls were flavorful with a nice outer crunch from the breading. The cochon came as an elegant presentation of a fried pulled pork patty with pork cracklings on top. The sauce that went with the cochon had some sweetness from the addition of peach which complimented the pork well. The beef brisket was very tender, and very flavorful.Service was good and drinks were refilled as needed.Overall, a good experience.Unique flavors, friendly staff. I was alone for lunch so I sat at the cooks counter. I ordered the wood-grilled oysters and smoked ribs, both were very tasty. They also gave me a chef's plate of headcheese, pickles and crackers. Sitting at the counter was a good experience, the cooks were very friendly in explaining the different menu options and their preparations.The food was well seasoned and flavorful. It runs to the rich-heavy side but then this is NOLA. The signature cocktails were pretty good if on the lighter/fizzy-side. As for the decor, can you have a polished cabin? If so, that is the decor. The seats are heavy polished wood and are not particularly comfortable. The ladies room was dim and freezing. I guess they don't want you to linger. Really these aren't major issues and you can always pack a cushion and a sweater.To my taste this was the best restaurant in NOLA. I'm a foody and this exceeded my expectations. My bf and I had dinner here, we both share our entree, I got the bacon oyster sandwich, which was EXCELLENT! We had the Louisiana Cochon, made PeRFECT! The Mac & cheese was so tasty and to end outlet meal we had the Chocolate pennut butter pie and OMG! It was to die for. I only had 1 bite because I was stuffed. Now I regret it. LoL!  Hope you guys enjoy this dinner like we did. I don't remember out servers name, but he was great, very attentive and always smiling.I was really happy to make the trip back here after several years. We had a reservation for Thursday night at 7 and it was full but not crowded and they seated us right on time. The wait staff was personable and accessible without beig intrusive. The first thing that arrived at the table was warm bread, really good. I also did not feel rushed at all and  that everything was well timed.I had the Swimming Hole cocktail, which might have been trying too hard but that's probably why I ordered it- chock full of interesting ingredient sit tasted like watermelon but was made with strawberry liquor and had grapefruit and cucumber in it, what's not to love?The rib appetizer came with 4 ribs that were insanely tender, juicy and saucy. Somehow at this point both my boyfriend and I were sadly, nearly full and unable to eat our entire entrees.  I had an amazing pork belly special that was cooked to a crisp on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside, served over a farro salad. Overall a great experience makes me wish I had a bigger appetite!!Make your reservations before you get to town! Great service. Try the cocktail called The Rub (the description will turn you off, but trust me!)  the fried alligator was a novelty we had to try.  Could've been any meat in there, but the flavorings did not disappoint (try one with a mint leaf!) The ham hock with red beans was a bit too salty but the meat just fell off the bone.  My husband had the rabbit dish and it was wonderful.  I know that the trend in restaurants is to have a loud atmosphere that is "bustling" but I really wish I didn't have to raise my voice to be heard across the table from me.You MF's are a fat kid's paradise.The gator? I've never had gator before I ate here. Frankly, it weirded me out a bit. The fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise are boss, boss.  Oysters with chili garlic butter? Okay.   The shrimp and eggplant dressing was honestly one of the worst things I'd ever put in my mouth, but that's okay because the rolls are badass, just like that Mac and Cheese.The beer selection was impressive and that pig slayer on the trophy case beside the hog's head was creepy and epic. What as not epic was your "too-cool-for-school" barstaff who WOULD NOT STOP THEIR GODDAMN CONVERSATION TO GIVE US MORE WATER AND THEN LOOKED AT US LIKE WE WERE INCONVENIENCING THEM.Could I be more clear on that? We get it, you're on tv, you get a lot of tourists. I don't give a shit. I was a tourist and this was the one thing other than that Gator-ade that I remember. So maybe get some people who don't hate their life behind the bar and aren't matter of fact about everything when I ask or say something.This place is delicious and the service was awesome. To start, we got an order of the fried alligator and it was the best alligator that I've ever had; flavorful and tender. I order the Pork Cheek and the cucumber herb salad and let me tell you - no regrets. Other people in my group ordered the short ribs with a side of Mac 'N Cheese and it was just like mama makes it! And lastly, the rabbit dumplings were some of the best he had ever had. We were all very happy leaving and not too full as the portions were just right!Obviously, Don Link is a pretty big legend in NOLA, and after rave reviews from family and friends, I decided to check out Cochon. Made a reservation online, only a couple of days in advance, and overall had a good experience. Let me break it down for you.Initially got seated right next to the communal table, which was taken over by a bachelor party of about 15, loud, obnoxious males. Sorry guys, but really? Go somewhere on Bourbon street. Pretty sure you ruined the dining experience of every customer in the restaurant, as it is not an exceptionally large place. Other tables were open, so we asked our waitress if we could move tables, since I couldn't hear my friend speaking across from me. The manager came over to us immediately, apologized, and reseated us. He was very sweet, and apologized for the loud group.We were lucky to have the chance to erase that first impression and start over. Our waiter was WONDERFUL. Young, cool, informed, friendly, fast but not rushing. We ordered a bottle of wine, and started with some apps and split an entree.1. Wood-fired oysters with chili garlic butter (app) -- HOLY WOW! So delicious. If you like oysters, this is a must-order.2. Smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickles (app) -- I mean, the place is called "Pork" in French, so ordering it off the menu is a must. The pickles were such a nice touch! The ribs fell right off the bone, so you didn't even have to get down and dirty if you didn't want to. Would definitely order again.3. Shaved zucchini salad and toasted pecan salad (app) -- Needed to order some sort of veggie to balance out everything else. The zucchini was so good! Something different, and the flavors blended seamlessly.4. Smothered pork loin with apples and caramelized onions (entree) -- It was alright. Took a bit to come out of the kitchen, and because of that was a little over-cooked. Our waiter did apologize, and made up for it with 2 shots of cat-daddy moonshine when he brought us the check. Wouldn't order that entree again, but had it been cooked better (and not forgotten...) it would have been delicious! The caramelized onions with the apples was an interesting yet tasty combination.All in all, we had a great experience. Despite the couple of speed-bumps (stupid, fratty bachelor party boys and the over-cooked entree), the wait staff made up for it both times, which made me feel a lot more comfortable. I did knock off a star for the over-cooked entree, but I still recommend eating here 100%!Food was AMAZING! Though, service? Meh. Whether you feel welcome or just lucky to be there is a matter of service. And, I have to say, we were made to feel just lucky to be there. Definitely worth the food. Ambiance is lovely too. This is not their first rodeo.One of the best meals I've ever had. Their signature dish Cochin was indescribably delicious. The pork belly fantastic and the sides of smothered greens and sweet potatoes perfection.  Also, the service was friendly and always helpful.Pretentious. Hyped. Overpriced. That sums it up.I got the gator and the rabbit dumplings. The gator was rubbery and bland, the subtleties of the rabbit were lost in the stew. I wasn't even sure I was eating gator or rabbit. It could have been old, tough, stringy chicken.The service sucked. It seemed like the hosts were sharing some perverse inside joke,  snickering at all of the guests, and our server was clearly not interested in doing her job but very interested in getting us to pay the bill. Not the worst, not the best. If you're visiting, don't go out of your way for Cochon. But. Do go out of your way for Cochon Butcher. We left Cochon sad and hungry and wandered into Cochon Butcher. We ordered a few appetizers and glasses of wine to fill in the empty holes in our bellies. The food and service were both amazing. We also ate the same amount of food at half the price of Cochon.Decor: 4/5-good date place, seats were comfortableService: 3/5-fast and efficient but not really the friendliest serviceFood: 4/5-Smoked Pork Ribs ($12) came with four pieces. The meat fell off the bone fairly easily. Tasty but fatty and the small bits of cartilage made me dislike the dish. (3/5)-Fried Boudin ($8) came in three balls. I loved the light, crispy texture and the rich, savory filling. This is a must-try. Next door at Cochon, these are only $6. Careful, the horse radish is hot! (5/5)Wood fire oyster is the bestMake a reservation if you come during peak dinner hours! The hostess was very friendly and we were sat immediately. Servers were very prompt and friendly, although not all of them really knew the menu. Fried Alligator - The meat was chewy and disappointing for me. I would not get this again.Fried Boudin - Delicious! The crust was crunchy with a soft center. The inside was filled with yummy boudin goodness. A definite highlight of the meal!Oyster Roast - This was good but a little on the sour side for me. If they toned back on the lemon, I think this dish has some real potential.Rabbit & Dumplings - Very good entree. It was like a chicken pot pie! The rabbit was tender and the dumplings had really good flavor.Beef Pot Roast - Okay dish. The apples didn't work for me but the meat was very tender.Smoked Pork Ribs - I did not like this very much. The sauce was again a little too sour for me. Tone back on the lemon and I might be able to eat it.I thought the food was okay overall but some of the others in our party enjoyed it. Maybe it's personal preference but for the price, I think you can do better in New Orleans.Simply amazing!The beef brisket was really good. You should definitely have the ribs and the oysters.Oohhhh and the chicken livers, yummy!!Came to Cochon on a Monday when Butcher was more packed than the boudin they make inhouse.  I might've thrown a small fit since I wasn't looking to get spendy, but I was reassured it was a business lunch, and to catch the tip. The fluffy homemade buns they brought out didn't hurt either. I really enjoy an aesthetically pleasing yet functional restaurant, and Cochon nails it with great textures, lots of blocky wood and an open kitchen.I will say though if you have any sort of anxiety about sitting on one of those communal booth benches with two seaters arranged fairly close, this might not be your stop sans reservations on a Friday night.  Monday summer lunch was pretty slow, crowd-wise, to what I've seen in the past. We ordered two appetizers, the louisiana blue crab with buttermilk & chive dressing served in an cleaned out crab shell and fried boudin with pickled peppers. Our waiter also brought out the pork cheeks with baby limas, mushrooms & peach relish compliments of the chef, though I think he was just sweet on my coworker. Either way, the pork cheeks were phenomenal and I could've eaten a boat filled with the crab dressing. The boudin served with a grainy creole mustard wasn't necessarily my bag. I would say if you're trying boudin for the first time, see if you can get it in sausage form 'cause fried doesn't do this Cajun staple justice. I ordered the special, and it was pretty tasty and cooked very well.I like that the food came out fast despite it being slow in the restaurant since I've found many New Orleans restaurants tend to be slower getting food out when it's not busy.  I know I didn't foot the bill, but the entrees on the menu are a little pricey for lunch, though the special was in considerable range for the quality. Again, the buns don't hurt to curb the hangries, and I wouldn't be opposed to doing a few appetizers and a cocktail from their very appealing cocktail list on my next visit.We had a fantastic and casual lunch here. My husband and I couldn't decide on anything so we ordered a lot to split. We had wood-fires oysters, fried alligator, shrimp/deviled egg gumbo, ham and white bean soup, fried boudin and the charcuterie plate, along with a pitcher of Magnolia IPA (and it went PERFECTLY with everything). We enjoyed everything and would definitely come back to enjoy an entree!Loved my meal here!  I came in off the street, got a seat at the bar immediately (no pitying "Just the one?" comments either), and was greeted by a friendly bartender who got me a menu and a fantastic beer recommendation right away.  I ordered the rabbit and dumplings and it was delicious, as well as a comfortable portion size (not too small, and not so big I ended up bloated).It's a bit pricy for a broke grad student, but well worth it.  Loved the ambiance, and the staff are so pleasant.  Definitely planning on going back some day!Re-visited.  Still awesome.I want to give it more but it is way to pricey what for it is and the portions are so so small. This is New Orleans, not NY or Miami. Family rustic Louisiana and butcher style food. But it ends up more a tapas place. The pork cheeks are absolutely fabulous so as the wood roasted oyster so you might want to order 3 of each for your meal...Delicious food served in a comfortable setting. The crowd is a mix of hipster and foodie, so if you like that kind of thing this is the place for you. Our server was quick and attentive, which added to our experience. I'd go back.The only thing they had for this vegetarian to eat was their arugula and strawberry salad without the hog jowl. It was the tiniest salad I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerating when I say that it was possibly 6 bites and that's over-estimating! How can they feel right about charging $10 for a tiny handful of arugula and ONE sliced strawberry?! I know I'm asking for a miracle here, but since I went sans-"Babe", you'd think they'd throw me a little more of this priceless commodity they call salad greens!  That was ridiculous. Next time I want a salad, I'll just go to Meals From the Heart in the French Market. And, yes, I completely understand that the name of the restaurant is "pig", but with a kitchen full of capable chefs, you'd think they could accommodate a vegetarian without making us feel like Karen Carpenter. I don't have a eating disorder for God's sake, I like food...a lot, actually... I just don't eat meat and in this tourist-friendly town, I know I'm not the first of my kind. Come on, Cochon. You can do better than that!I'm going to give this place 5 stars because it's the only restaurant where I had the nicest, most casual conversations with 3 different tables around me.  The ambience and openness of the space is absolutely fantastic.  You're just far away, but close enough to strike up a conversation with a neighbor.I ordered the roasted oysters with a garlic chili sauce- the sauce was really good, I dipped my bread into the sauce after the oysters were gone!  But the oysters themselves were HUGE (there were two pieces of meat in a few of them) and fresh and cooked well.I got their Louisiana Cochon which is basically like a crab cake, but instead of crab, they use pulled pork.  They form the pulled pork into a cake/patty and fry it so it's slightly crispy on the outside.  It was served on a bed of marinated veggies/cabbage which actually tasted like kimchi, a nice complement to the pork!  Their side of mac and cheese was good, had a nice kick to it.  The only thing I didn't like was that some of macaroni was blackened because of the cast iron pot it was in, I guess some of the dish rubbed off on the food?Their pineapple upside down cake was pretty good, and their coconut lime sorbet pretty good too, although it was a somewhat weird combination, to have a basic vanilla cake with a citrus ice cream, I would have preferred vanilla, but in general, it was a good dessert.Great restaurant!Attractive interior with friendly wait staff.  The menu is short guaranteeing whatever you order us going to be amazing.  We order a tin roof blonde ale and a swinekiller.  The cocktail was amazing and the beer ended up pairing well with the meal. The ribs and boudin balls were very very good. My husband's Cochon entree was like fall in a bowl.  All the apple, roasted cabbage, and pork came together to creat an amazing meal.  I had the oyster and bacon sandwhich.  Didn't look like much; white bread, some cole slaw on the plate...but it was amazing.  The oysters were fried just right and the white bread didn't get in the way of the favors.  I would have liked crisper bacon.  The dessert apple bread pudding with sour cream ice cream was the best dessert we have had in a long time!Best food in New Orleans. Upscale but relaxed atmosphere, swanky farmhouse feel, and local beers on tap.I had the Fried Alligator and the Rabbit & Dumplings. Both were fantastic, especially the Rabbit. My wife laughed at me for ordering rabbit, but I got the last laugh.Totally worth the price, and totally deserving of a 5-star rating.Winner Winner Cochon Dinner!I haven't had such a good dining experience in a restaurant in a while and Cochon certainly changed that. Each plate brought to my table did Not disappoint. The boudin, cochon, Mac-n-chesse casserole, and chocolate mousse cake sent me to food heaven. Even the oyster meatpie my boyfriend ordered (and I hate oysters) had me soaring through pig-shaped clouds. Eat here!!Great food and cool place to bring pool or go if you are not from New Orleans or have ever sampled more rural cajun food. I love the whole fish on a plank as well the rabbit and a whole lot of other things. It's near the hotels and convention center and has a beautiful modern yet southern atmosphere. It's a top Donald Link spot and eat there as much as I can.The wood fired oysters are to die for! I'd go back here just to eat those. The boudin was also awesome. The prices are a little high for your average lunch, however they are well worth it. The service was as stellar as the food. I'd recommend coming here for lunch any day and be sure to get the oysters. Parking is a bit hard to find and if you want a cheaper lunch hit up their second location Cochon (Butcher) around back for sandwiches and other goodies.Well there certainly is a LOT of buzz surrounding this joint, so of course we had to duck in for an early bird lunch/dinner before enjoying more of New Orleans this past Saturday. **rant alert**Allow me to suggest reservations. We did not have one and apparently unless you have a reservation, you will be subjected to OBNOXIOUS attitude from the hostess. She suggested that even though we did not have a reservation, it was going to be hard for her to accommodate our party of five. Mind you this is at 4 PM and the place is empty. It was quite the unpleasant encounter and not a great way to begin a meal. Cochon, you do need to go picking through your staff, identify the snooty ones, and then... well, I don't know... put them on pickling duty? Their sour attitude sure isn't doing anything for customer relations and ambiance, that's for sure! Frosting on the cake was this line from the hostess as we exited: "I'm glad you guys managed to get in to eat."**stand down alert**I agree with other yelpers on seating and noise. The entire place seems to be 4 tops and 8 tops and the cavernous ceilings made noise an issue even at 4. I can't imagine what the place would be like later when all of the tables were filled with little cochons.The food was actually quite acceptable! My dining companions enjoyed the "cochon" (house specialty -- my little bite was solid, but not world changing). Around the table were some impressive ribs, ham hocks, and salads. I enjoyed the oyster/BLT, which was a tasty little calorie bomb. The sides I sampled were also pretty decent: a cornbread/eggplant casserole, twice-baked potato, and homemade pickle. The charcuterie plate was perhaps the biggest disappointment. While it was tasty, it wasn't  discernible that it came from a kitchen next door to a famous butcher by the same name. Just A-OK.- The environment is nice and casual, not too far away from the WWII museum.- Plenty of activity during the evening.- Reservations are recommended, as the place is pretty crowded on Friday night.I went with a party of 8 and we all shared everything. I wouldn't hesitate to order anything again: everything is very good. Some recommended items are: fried boudin with pickled peppers, chicken and andouille gumbo, and rabbit dumplings.Stopped in for a quick lunch with colleagues from a conference. Although we didn't order much (pork gumbo; mixed salad; draft ale), the food was delicious and prepared with great care. Service was prompt and courteous, and the ambience was comfortable. The menu looks like it has a number of interesting dishes, and given the excellent examples presented today, I would definite consider returning for a larger and longer meal. Up to par with other positives reviews.Cochon plate, BBQ ribs with a watermelon pickle, potato salad, OYSTERS and the chef making you a new gluten free menu? This place is incredible I can't even tell you. The food is unreal, fresh squeezed lemonade is perfect and the atmosphere is cozy. Definitely make a reservation or you will never be able to sit down. Only complaint is the service can get pretty bad when they're slammed but that's expected with anything high volume. GO here.My rating is totally based on our service.  Our group of 7 had not seen each other in quite a while, so we were thrilled to be together.  That being said, we got caught up catching up with each other instead of focusing on the menu for ordering.  Our server was definitely NOT pleased and it came thru in her attitude towards us.  I know it's important for a restaurant to turn their tables, but I've never felt so rushed  and pressured to move on.  This is NOT a restaurant where you can enjoy a leisurely meal.  Be prepared to get in and get out.Not what I was expecting and pleasantly surprised. We will happily go back.Everyone told me this was the greatest nice restaurant in New Orleans, hands down. I thought it was 'just decent,' and i'm the over optimistic person who always gives 4's and 5's.Numerous people told me to get the alligator with chili garlic aioli, it was ok. I guess I'm not a huge fan, tasted like chewier, smokier chicken.The liver pate's weren't great either.The braised cochon special pork dish was tasty. The pork was tender, like wagyu beef. I'll give that one 4.5 stars.The BBQ oysters were pretty good, but very pricey.I guess the $40 per person price with drinks (moonshine was strong and unique) for the very limited portions didn't make great sense to me. I had better local Cajun homecooked food.Definitely worth a visit. The alligator appetizer was delicious, and we loved the rabbit and dumplings!! Pork cheek was also good. The cocktails were very well done, and also good service. Great hot sauce!I really, really wanted to love Cochon. We've been to the butcher a few times and loved it so we thought Cochon must be amazing. The appertizers were great - oysters and fried alligator. The entrees of brisket, rabbit and dumplings with smothered greens and mac and cheese were ok but underwhelming, and way too over seasoned. The brisket was oily and the rabbit was so over seasoned it's all you can taste. The waiter seemed nice but when I asked him how the greens were prepared he simply said 'with pork'. I don't know if that was arrogance or ignorance. It's a shame, with how busy this place is you would think it would be amazing. Do yourself a favour and go somewhere else. You could get the same meal for half the price at somewhere much more authentic.Originally I walked toward Cochon thinking I was going to the Butcher portion, but I'm so glad I made the choice to go to the restaurant. I sat at the chef's counter for lunch and had an amazing meal. The oysters, mushroom salad, ribs and banana bread pudding that I had were all to die for. Overall the service was great and the ambience of the restaurant was perfect in the world of the farm to table genre type restaurant. I would definitely go back and would definitely recommend visiting here if you're in New Orleans.Landed here for lunch accidentally while trying to find Cochon Butcher (around the block). Food was delicious. I had the fried alligator, the oysters, and the bacon & oyster sandwich. All were great with the alligator being the highlight. Service and ambiance were good. Will definitely return.Great good. You have to have the wood fired oysters and hamhawk with beans and rice.. delicious...We go every time we are in New Orleans.....eat everything and anything on the menu at least once........or twice in one sitting:)Enjoyed our dinner here. We sat at a roomy round table for our party of 5. The chairs and table are made of a beautiful wooden finish that gives the dining room a warm yet modern feel.Ordered the cantaloupe salad with fried pig ears, the cucumber salad, fried alligator, fresh gulf fish, smoked ham hock, gumbo, Louisiana Cochon. All dishes were good. I probably was a tad underwhelmed by the ham only because of my personal preference for a sweeter flavor. Friendly service. Street parking only.This was my very first Cajun dining experience and it did not disappoint. Delicious! It was so good that I went back a second night (in a row), with a larger group. They managed to squeeze in our large group of seven with no reservation at a busy time, without complaint. All the dishes were great. Some highlights include the fried alligator - you've got to try it! Definitely better to try some alligator before you do a swamp tour. The baby alligators are so adorable, you'd feel bad consumed them if they didn't taste so nice. The gumbo was another southern first for me and wow, so flavorsome. It went well with the stewed squash, okra and tomatoes.  The second night, I tried the special - battered soft shell crab. It was heaven. Even the vegetables were cooked to perfection and all the flavours worked so well together. I then tried some of my friend's catfish and got some serious food envy. Both nights, the service was of a high standard. The staff were happy to offer suggestions and recommendations. I would definitely recommend Cochon if you want to try a southern Cajun experience of beautiful quality, whilst in New Orleans!Hands down favorite meal in New Orleans!I loved the layout and simple wood decor of the restaurant. I recommend the fried alligator- lightly breaded bites of alligator. Not chewy with a tasty dipping sauceWe also had the wood fire oysters. Fantastic! We had oysters from acme Felix and Desire and these were my fave enough seasoning/ addins but it highlights the oyster instead of overpowering it. Those were my fave. I had the braised pork cheek and collared greens. They were also tasty but didn't stand out.I def recommend going if you're in town.I was new to the town and extremely hungry.  I ordered the Gumbo, which was full of delicious andouille sausage and chicken AND Okra cooked right.  The subsequent sandwich of Oysters and Bacon with a watermelon pickle and cole slaw was tremendous.  Knowledgable wait staff and nice ambience ( I dined in the early afternoon).The trouble with Cochon Butcher is I keep getting to see pictures of their lunch menu and I am 2000 miles away....Jim WilsonRichland, WashingtonWe wanted to try all of Donald Link's restaurants (Herbsaint and Cochon Butcher) but chose this one. We had:Abita Amber ($6 pint)Wood-fired oyster roast ($11); super duper the best, and I would like to eat it over and over again.Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli ($10); it's nonsensical when other people dislike alligator dishes because they taste like chicken -- why can't it taste like chicken? We didn't so much enjoy it though because it was unfortunately chewy with a mushy crust.Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled turnips and cracklins ($23); a really good combination of pulled pork and veggies. I would've wanted to try their gumbo and rabbit & dumplings if I didn't have a dinner to go to not so long afterwards.We came on a weekday as soon as they opened for lunch, and there were 3-4 other parties being seated. Service was decent but can feel a bit aloof at times.We didn't have a reservation, but really wanted to try this famed NOLA restaurant. We stood at the bar and got drinks and apps.  Service wasn't amazing, but we were taken care of.  The bartenders were pretty busy.  We got the fried alligator, which was interesting to try, but not something that I Loved.  It had a spicy mayonaissey sauce on it, which made the breading not too crispy.  We also got the short ribs,  with watermelon pickles - those pickles were my favorite thing!  The ribs had a good sweet sauce on them and were tender.  I think I need to come back and have a full dinner to have the real experience, instead of this driveby.I've been several times for lunch and dinner.  They're batting about .500 with the food and service.  However, oddly enough, when I have their food outside of the restaurant at an event it always seems better!  The smoked turkey sandwich is the best sandwich I've had.  I thought the brisket was too sweet.Great execution and helpful staff. Shrimp heads were great recommendation.WORTH THE WALKWe were staying in the Marigny so the hike to Cochon near the Convention Center was not trivial. But it was worth it.*When in Rome ... so we ordered the Cochon plate. This turns out to be a lightly-sauteed patty of pulled roasted pork atop cabbage braised with peaches and root vegetables and topped with cracklins. Truly satisfying flavors and textures.We preceded that with wood-fired oysters with chili-garlic butter; a salad of thin-sliced mushrooms, fennel, flash-fried preserved lemon, deep-fried beef jerky (!), and plenty of parsley;  coal-roasted eggplant with a kind of tomato compote with crushed herbs, almost Provencal-style; and smoked ribs with a tangy sauce topped with watermelon pickles.We ran out of stomach space, but the rest of the 30-item menu sounds equally delicious (and looks it, as verified by the stream of platters going past us to other tables), and we particularly wanted to try the oyster-bacon sandwich.We were off to Frenchmen St for music and drinking, so we chose just a couple of glasses from the relatively small (~50) but carefully chosen wine list, which includes everything from Prosecco to cabs, with about a dozen of them available by the glass.Simple corner room has light wood everywhere. There are six seats at a bar near the kitchen for solo diners, plus I'm sure you can eat at the zinc (?) beverage bar at the front of the room, or at one of the two-tops along the wall. The rest are two and four-tops, plus one larger communal table. Sound level is a bit bright, but you can still converse, although we were the early crowd so I can't say what happens after 8pm. Really experienced, smooth, and knowledgeable waitstaff - apparently working for Don Link is a plum job in NOLA.We'll be back.*We cheated at Poydras St and grabbed a cab the rest of the way.The three stars are for the food only because it was the best gator I've had I along time but....My friends and I were sat down, after waiting for 45 minutes, outside in the blistering afternoon sun. I can't understand why a restaurant wouldn't put umbrellas over their outdoor tables especially when multiple people were asking to be moved back inside...maybe it would be a good investment. Well...my best friend just had a giant melanoma removed from her arm and after seeing if we could handle the sun I politely asked the host if we could be seated inside instead because my friend probably didn't need to be in direct sunlight. He was not only rude in his tone but said it would be a 30 minute wait. We were so annoyed but ended up staying and eating anyways because the walk over was pretty long and the food was extremely well done. The service though....not so much.Grits and Oyster appetizer still make my mouth drool just thinking about them.  We had the waitress pick 6-7 appetizers and 5-6 main dishes for us to share.  Wonderful food.  Great service.  Make reservation in advance for a large group.While walking through the Warehouse District one afternoon, my husband and I were suddenly overcome with an intense and all-consuming oyster craving. We popped into Cochon, sat at the bar and ordered some wine and their absolutely amazing oyster roast. The bread that accompanied the dish was equally impressive.I sincerely regret that we didn't have enough room in our bellies to explore more of the menu...don't make the same mistake we did - come hungry!I made reservations at Cochon almost immediately after hearing I was going to be in New Orleans a few weeks ago.  Even with about two weeks notice, the only reservation they had on a Friday was at 5pm for four of us.  I was IN. I had to come here after reading about Cochon in all the magazines and lists that have turned up this year.  I didn't want to read into the menu too much before I got there, but I knew that I wanted something amazing, and something specific to Cochon and New Orleans.  Onto the food!The four of us went with the following appetizers:-Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli -Beef tartare with potato chips-Two cocktails for the table: The Swinekiller and one strawberry bourbon drink whose name escapes meThe fried alligator was delicious, and I loved the chili garlic aioli.  I didn't get to sample the beef tartare, but the reaction was that it was OK (we SF folks are used to outstanding tartares).  I didn't want to eat too much because we had the following showing up to the table:-Louisiana Cochon (MINE. MINE. MINE)-Rabbit & Dumplings-Oyster Po Boy-Oven-roasted gulf fish "fisherman's style"-Side of the macaroni & cheese casseroleI didn't share my dish, the cracklins that game garnished with the dish was amazing.  The pork itself was soft and tender, exactly what you would expect from a James Beard award recipient.  Greg ordered the rabbit & dumplings, and was sort of surprised to see it coming out in the form of a stew, but said that the dish itself was delicious.  The other two people at our table said that the oyster po boy was incredible, and there was no additional fish to taste since it was gone.  The mac and cheese that came to the table was INCREDIBLE.  I definitely recommend getting the Lousiana Cochon, you will NOT be disappointed.Finally, there always has to be dessert.  And Cochon really came through, the red velvet ice cream sandwich was completely on point.  It was incredibly hot when we were there, so the ice cream tasted even better.  All in all, it was an amazing way to kick off our trip in NOLA.  We walked from or hotel in the French Quarter, which was about 20 minutes and got a nice walking view of the CBD.  Definitely check out Cochon for an amazing food experience.I really enjoyed this place for a first stop in New Orlenas. I followed by going to about 10 after since I was in NoLa for 6 days but this was my favorite. Nice drink Menu and the food was to die for. I had some oysters and collard greens, and both were delicious. The environment was comfortable and the staff was very nice. Even the music was nice. I will def be going back here when I make my way back up there =)Loved food and the bar at this place. I dropped in while visiting on business and so sat I sat at the bar. The bartender was friendly and helpful and enthusiastic about the food. At his suggesting I ordered several small plates so I could have a sampler of some of the recommended dishes.I had the wood fired oysters with chili garlic butter first and though I am not a fan of cooked oysters, these were really good. Second I tried the pork cheeks with baby limas, mushrooms and peach relish. It was excellent and came highly recommended. Finally, I finished with a gumbo that seemed appropriate as I was only in New Orleans for one night. Overall I really enjoyed the food and the bar. I wasn't a big fan of the dinning room. It is open and loud and bustling with people standing around waiting on tables.This is a Cajun restaurant and one of very few here in New Orleans. For years I resided just down the street from the location in the Warehouse District. But I have not been a customer because of a very negative incident with the front of the house. The young lady in charge of seating refused to allow me to sit at the table I reserved in a mostly empty restaurant. The reason was that my dinner partner was not there with me when I arrived on time for the reservation. I was ready to sit and order a drink and start enjoying myself and spending money. When my friend arrived we left because of this unprofessional attitude and action by this person. We walked to Tommy's a few blocks away and without reservations was seated immediately and allowed to spend lots of money on food and booze. The two most important factors for a successful restaurant are quality food and service. Not one or the other but both at a level to make sure you want to return and spend moneyThis is a great place walking distance from my house.   It's my #1 recommendation for guests staying with us.  Make your first stop at the bar, Miles is there every weeknight and knows how to make everything!   And if I'm by myself or with only one we try to sit at the bar and order whatever Miles recommends and not ever disappointed !  He even brings us things off of the menu, like cracklins with syrup.   I know, it doesn't sound good but let me tell you, it's heaven.  Salty and sweet and yummy !   Of course they are famous for the pork dishes (hence the name), so go all pork to get the best experience !   If you are in for a quick lunch they have cochon butcher around the corner for sandwiches for lunch.  If you like pork, you will love cochon!Wonderful! After a long day or days of mishaps and awful food, I stumbled upon a place with food that is palatable... not only palatable but, delicious, moist, scrumptious!I would like to point out that, unless you have a reservation you may have to wait for a bit. Fortunately for me, I went by myself so the wait was only 30 minutes and change.Now for the good part! The food... I had their Louisiana Cochon which is a nice piece of pulled pork with some turnip and pickled peach and a delicious broth. My one complaint and only complaint about the dish is that I would have liked more broth and pickles. However...In addition to all the other good stuff, I was given a delicious amuse gueule (on the house)! It was spectacular! Pâté with pickles, mustard, and bread... So good!!!The food, ambiance, and everything was absolutely wonderful. There were a few moments where the staff got a bit slow but that was just due to the volume of customers that they had to serve.Ratings:Food: 4.5Service: 3.5Ambiance: 5In total, this place gets a 5 instead of a 4 because it was such a nice breath of fresh air!During my first ever trip to NOLA back at the end of April for li'l sis's bachelorette party, in four days of good eatin' in the Big Easy, Cochon was easily my favorite meal & restaurant.  There was definitely some good eatin', so that is saying a LOT!We were a group of 8 ladies (1/2 the weekend's contingent) for an early dinner our first night-- thurs-- in the city.  We were only able to get a 5:30pm rez for that many folks, even with making it two (2) months in advance!  To say this is a popular restaurant is clearly an understatement, though it was a Jazz Fest weekend, perhaps the reason for the early fill!  With our group size, and a small plate concept, we were easily able to try lots of things and there were only a couple of dishes I found merely 'meh.  Everything else was delish-- fried alligator (w/ chili garlic aioli), wood-fired oyster roast, pork cheek terrine, rabbit with dumplings, oyster & bacon sandwich, choco & pb pie.  There were a couple of dishes that paled in comparison to the previous items-- I wasn't totally digging the crawfish and green tomato casserole, crawfish pie, or black velvet pie (dessert).  But that was definitely a taste and not quality issue-- others may feel differently.  We were lucky in that we were all carnivores-- the vegetarians of the weekend were not arriving until the next day.  Though there are veggie options on the menu, this is definitely a restaurant for meat enjoyers, as the concept is definitely butcher-chic.  Just FYI.Service was perfect-- I don't remember having any issues.  Things came out efficiently and timely and Southern hospitality was def in play :)I can easily see why this is #14 on the list of Top 20 restaurants in America.Fried alligator was an excellent choice for trying the meat for the first time. Not only it was delicious, it was cooked liked one of my favorites Chinese foods, Hong Kong honey-walnut prawns. The spicy mayo worked very well over crispy fried alligator nuggets. The meat was lean and firm like flank steakTwo specials from the main were let down unfortunately (that's the only reason I gave 3 stars), huge soft shell crab was executed perfectly but bland, really needed some seasonings. Thick sliced tender pork was fresh and perfectly prepared, lightly pink inside melted when I bited into it BUT it was also lacked in flavors. It's very unusual for a restaurant to make dishes to be not salty. Salty foods increase drinks sales. They may not do well with new items like today's special?Friendly hipster waitstaff was professionally nice and cute. I can see them wearing farmer plaid shirts when they are not working. The vibe of the restaurant and its prices are definitely like ones find in Williamsburg (Hipster town) in NYC,Our waiter was totally unfriendly.  We were in there for lunch after walking in the heat, boyfriend was hungry.  The smell when we walked in was overwhelming, we were seated.  Our waiter came over and he was the only person I interacted with in Nola that wasn't friendly.We had: fried oysters with chili garlic buttersmoked pork ribs with watermelon pickleI had a cocktail with peaches in it.The food was really good, but delivered by a lackluster guy.  :(Oh boy. Great atmosphere, awesome staff, absolutely delicious food. We had the rabbit, alligator, pork cheeks, and liver. Portions are small but that's expected. I didn't like the alligator but everything else was good - even the bread (which they're a little stingy with). I especially recommend the pork cheeks. Definitely come here if you have space in your budget ;)Go!  Get in the car right now and get there.  Truly fantastic.  Pork cheeks were out of this world.  Get tapas and try everything!  Best gumbo I had in NOLABest Mac and Cheese I've ever had.  So rich and thick.  I still have dreams about it.Rabbit and dumplings was just ok but I do a lot of french braising at home and if you are famiiliar with the typical flavors of a bouquet garni stew it's not going to wow you.  If however you have no experience with French braising then give it a try.  If it didn't say Rabbit you'd think it was chicken.  That's the first time I've had rabbit and it is what it is.The Gumbo was very good although I would've liked a little more rice.  The roux is the darkest I've ever seen and very light but flavorful and spicy.Gotta run, will be back to finish my review later.I don't know how we did it, but we managed to snag a Saturday lunch reservation at the last minute. And we were so happy that we did!We were visiting New Orleans and a NOLA native had recommended Cochon to us.  We were told that we had to get the fried boudin with pickled peppers and it did not disappoint! WOW! I can't even begin to tell you how could it was! You just have to try it for yourself. And the Honeysuckle Rose Cocktail was fabulous! The service was very attentive and you definitely feel like a NOLA local when you eat here. I highly recommend this place - I can't wait to go back!I really want to give them 5 stars because it's such a comfortable, unpretentious and modestly price place with mostly transcendent food.  The ribs (in a discussion for my favorite ever.  Seriously.  Clean presentation and not too messy to eat, but saucy fall off the bone goodness), rabbit dumplings (tender morsels bathed in a thick savory gravy), and wood fired oysters (almost like oysters and buffalo wings had a beautiful baby) were exceptional.  That said, the craw fish was good but not memorable, and I still believe alligator is just a novelty (and the reason it's not on menus everywhere).  The service was just ok.  Reservations were easy enough to come by for Thursday lunch.We dined here on Saturday night after a half an hour wait. It's a nice restaurant with an open concept, you can be seated, eat on the bar or even on the bar of the kitchen. The food was good, not sure if I felt it was exceptional other than the Wood fired oysters as I have never tasted grilled oysters before (always had them raw). We ordered the pork cheeks that were fine and the shrimp. The portions were quite small considering the shrimp dish had 3 shrimps in it. The boucherie plate was a little disappointing even though I love pate and cured meats but I wasn't expecting horse cheek slices that was quite meaty and not as cured as I would have liked. Nevertheless our experience was good, and I am glad we ate here and tried one of the top restaurants of Nola.Was referred to this place as a must try in New Orleans. Ordered the fried alligator and the gumbo for a quick meal. Ended up ordering two more servings of the fried alligator. Yea, that's how good it was. Portions are also smaller than I'm used to in Cali, but them gators mayn.I booked many weeks ahead so I could celebrate my birthday on the day after Mardi Gras itself in one of the most raved about restaurants in the city. When ordering from the small menu, we found that at least two of the dishes we asked for were not available. The waiter was initially friendly and then swiftly degenerated into barely acknowledging us. Dishes were dropped on our table looking like they had been sat out for some time and it took so long to get anyones attention to order or get drinks that we gave up before dessert.We had to wait an age to get the bill, even though it was relatively early evening and the place was not entirely full. I don't know if the staff were all a bit frazzled from Mardi Gras, but this really was a hugely disappointing dinner. We found it so difficult to get any service and when we did that service was so short and rude that by the time I left I was close to tears with frustration over the whole experience. It was not exactly the birthday celebration I'd hoped for.Food was good, varietal, but nothing special. Service was deplorable. 3 different waiters during our 1.5 hour meal, each forgetting all about us even though the place was half empty. Our serving team was 412 Team 204 and the attitudes were indifferent, apathetic, and uninterested. Don't see why everyone raves about this place.If I could give Cochon 10 stars I would!!Absofreakinlutely delicious. I had the ribs and Mac n cheese casserole. Holy crap, hands down the best ribs I have ever eaten in my life!! So tender, fall of the bone, juicy and flavor PACKED!! The Mac n cheese casserole was excellent as well! I am a Mac n cheese lover and this casserole did not disappoint. Everything was on point. We sat outside due to the fact it was a bit busy inside and wanted a little quieter atmosphere. I highly suggest you try cochon! Cochon butcher is another must try!With seven star food, Cochon should be a five star review. Why one down?  After a long day at the New Orleans Jazz fest with my butt parked on bleacher benches, the hard, flat wooden chairs that are arty at Cochon were not a welcome experience.  Tell the interior designer from TrendyCo that hipness and comfort are not mutually exclusive, and that, while they captured immense visual appeal, some acoustic sound deadening material here and there would make it slightly quieter than a wind tunnel.That being said, with the caveat that I HATE starting off a great restaurant's review with that, but they are subject to the same standards of presentation in their decor as their food, the rest of the evening was a TOUR DE FORCE of great culinary artistry.Flavor, textures, presentation were all exceptional.The wood-fired oyster roast was perfection. The oysters just melted in your mouth, and were seasoned so well that they lifted the normally briny after-taste into a cheesy spicy cloud of wonder.The rabbit and dumplings were also over-the-top good. They were just spicy enough to remind you that you're in Louisiana, and the skillet that they were served in kept the meal nice and hot, which, for a dumplings dish, is always a plus.In most restaurants, the sides are an after-thought and most don't rise to the occasion of mention. All of them are good here. Some green beans with tasso ham that were a side t the special were wonderful, but the macaroni and cheese and the twice-baked potato were rock-star cooking.  The macaroni was not swampy, not too dry, and seasoned well enough to not taste like it was wallowing in fat.  The twice-baked potato has hints of mustard, white and cayenne peppers, and scallions, topped with some sharp cheese that gives it a wonderful crispy crust.Dessert was the only modest let-down. The pineapple-upside down cake with coconut-key lime sorbet: The sorbet was a religious experience, but the cake, which is corn-meal based, came out surprisingly dry and grainy.  It may have been a bad one, but corn meal baked goods are always tricky.The bar, if you can get to it in the crowd, is excellent and, for craft bourbon fans, is filled with eclectic amazement.The service was exceptionally good without being too in your face.Even the hostesses were top grade. They were kind and gracious which, in a restaurant frequented by testy tourists that is small and prone to waits, was a great managerial pick for people with the right temperament to be the face of the place.Fix the damn chairs before I come back next year. And I will be back!Would I say this is "the most important restaurant in America" (according to Bon Appetit)? No. Would I say this is very good and I am still dreaming of the oysters & the chocolate & peanut butter pie, two weeks later, back in NYC? Yes. We made reservations for this place for 6, about the max allotted time in advance, and we still only got a 5:30pm reservation. So, this place books up FAST. We started with the wood fired oyster roast. DO NOT SKIP THIS! Then we shared the crawfish & green tomato casserole and the crawfish pie. Skip the crawfish pie, it wasn't *that* great in comparison to everything else. We also shared the pork cheek terrine - also yum - we ordered another plate for the table. We split two entrees: the rabbit with dumplings and the oyster & bacon sandwich. Both of these were absolutely delicious. I would recommend sharing all of these dishes in your group - some can get quite heavy and I doubt any one person would have finished all the small plates and an entree on her own. Now for the dessert. Skip the black velvet pie. But go for the chocolate & pb pie! I am actually going to search and see if the chef has released a recipe for "at home" use!Food is good; good; and good.  We walked from French Quarter; just perfect timing to get us more hungry.  And walked back, to walk off a bit of this amazing meal. New New Orleans cuisine!  Very happy!This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans for the 2nd year straight. I called ahead for reservations and got 10:30pm for Saturday night during Jazz Fest weekend. Normally I would never accept a reservation that late, but for Cochon I will.  PROS: Smoked Ham Hock w/ herb spatzle, brussel sprouts and mustard cream             Green tomato and crawfish casserole             Getting in during Jazz Fest weekendCONS: Service was a little slow (in fairness they were busy) at times.             Eating at 11pmMAKE RESERVATIONS! There is a reason this place is busy ~ it's really good.The best meal I had in New Orleans was the Rabbit & dumplings at Cochon for $21. Perfect dumplings in flavorful stew with thick tasty gravy, accented with herbs, arrived at my table piping hot in a cute little cast iron skillet.  It was beautifully flavored with maybe fresh sage or thyme. Rabbit was tender and tasted fresh. Veggies in the stew as well. Yummy! Fried rabbit liver appetizer with pepper jelly for $8 was intriguing. Rabbit liver is pungent and strong so the pepper jelly works well. Oyster & bacon sandwich for $15 was enjoyed by my husband but he said my rabbit and dumplings entree was even better. Great servers were very helpful in explaining the food!Cochon has a relaxing, casual atmosphere, with lots of nice wooden tables, and eclectic music.I enjoyed my rabbit and dumplings so much that, at the end of our 3-night trip to Nola, I almost returned to Cochon for a second meal! But in New Orleans, there are SO many wonderful places to tempt a hungry yelper! Cochon is one of the best, and while it's not cheap, it's also less expensive than dinner at K-Paul's Louisiana Cafe. I highly recommend dinner at Cochon...especially if you want to try Rabbit & dumplings! (-; It's difficult to get a reservation, but we finally settled on a 4:00 reservation, since it was available, and that worked out well for us.Food wasn't very good, but was expensive. Atmosphere was nice. Won't ever go here again.First time to NOLA.  Very good food.  I would have given 5 stars if it not had been for the one hostess who was very rude that I had spoken too on the phone the day prior to make a reservation.She had stated over and over that they were packed and booked for the next month and needed to make reservation a couple month ahead of time.  Well, we decided to stop in the next day and what do I see.....half the restaurant is empty, and its dinner time.  I was pissed off about that.  However, when the food came out...it made me look passed all that; but for that one instance, I give 4 stars.  5 stars for the food for sure.  Here's what we got.  Fried Alligator in Chili AioliWood-fire Oyster RoastCrawfish Green CasseroleRabbit & DumplingsOyster & Bacon SandwichExcellent food.  Very tasty and great presentation.  Definitely try it out and we will be back again.I have been there for dinner with one of my friend. You should reserve your table beforehand as this place is always packed and you might end up sitting next to the kitchen Island. Btw that place is fun too, you can see chefs cooking right in front of you :) . For starters we had 'Alligator's tail' and trust me the dish was delicious. A complete course (starters + entree + deserts) for two might cost you something around 90 bucks but it's worth it. (y)First time i tried fried alligator! Loved it! Good service and atmosphere. Will be back to this place if I am in New Orleans again!Pork cheeks = WOWLivers = WOWPerfect spice on the chargrilled oysters.Rabbit dumplings = can I say WOW again?Entire party loved everything here. A jewel.We went to cochon on Thanksgiving day and it was closed(boohoo). We decided to give it a try today and boy were we impressed. Unlike many other restaurants in the area, the food served here wasn't 'typical.' We had the fried alligator tail which was awesome. We also had the vegetable soup which was quite refreshing given all the richness of Southern cuisine. Lastly, we ordered their Cochon house special and it was pretty good though I found the porky taste to be a tad overwhelming. Otherwise, the pickled cabbage was delicious and I would definitely highly recommend it to friendsBoth Cochon and Cochon Butcher are incredible. Cochon has amazing entrees but the sides are to die for. The Butcher has incredible sandwiches and sides. Worth the long lines.Our main complaint was ridiculously rushed pacing of the meal. We probably should have known there was a problem when the server insisted that the entire order had to be turned in at once. First plates came before drinks were done. That was OK, but then the entrees arrived before we finished the appetizers. When we complained, the server just said the pacing was set in the kitchen. Next they tried to clear our meal before we had finished eating! We skipped dessert and left. Not the place for a relaxed dinner. Food was a little hit and miss. Oysters and bouchere plate were good, as was the rabbit and dumplings, a server recommendation. Brisket was over salted. I wonder if our opinion of the food would have improved with a more polished service.I doubt our next visit to NOLA will include a trip here.Our first meal of the trip...and we started off with a bang!Rezzies are a little hard to come by.  I booked at least a month in advance and ended up with a 5:30pm senior citizen's time for a party of four.  I was just happy we got in!The highlights:- Rabbit & dumplings: Yum yum! This was amazing!  The fave dish for all four of us.- Louisiana cochon: not sure how they make this, but it's different than anything I've ever tasted.  Not only is it topped with a deep fried pork rind, it has little tidbits of pork rind embedded in the savory pork patty.  Sinfully delicious!- Pork cheek terraine: Excellent- Roasted beet and arugula salad: Simple and refreshing. A nice complement to the heavier dishes.- Fried alligator (a must try when in NOLA).  Good to share among a group.  The four of us could barely eat half the appetizer.- Smothered greens:  Southern greens at their best.The lowlights:- Macaroni and cheese casserole:  Very bland.  I expected more out of a restaurant of this caliber.- Smoked ham hock:  It was tough.  Yucky!  Casual atmosphere and casual, friendly service.  Make sure to make reservations far in advance to try this gem!I dig this place.Very unique menu.It's essentially pulled pork the Louisiana cajun spin. .Great location deep in the Warehouse District.Loved my lunch of two small plates. Fried Alligator was boldly spicy and the full leaves of cilantro complimented flavors well. Another small plate, shrimp - filled  crawfish-like dish (forgot name) was flavorfull. Lunch-time crowd was mix of tourists, convention-goers and licals.Smashing good all around.pork cheeks.Rabbit. Excellent.have to get back there to make sure it was not a fluke.Fried alligator was amazing and worth the trip alone.  I got the Louisiana Cochon which was good but nothing special. We werent impressed with the Rabbit & Dumplings but the Smoked Ham Hock was amazing.  Would recommend and will be back.This place is trying to be too trendy and offer unique options like alligator however what we experienced was way too much "Salt".  The alligator bites weren't too bad and the oysters were good but nothing amazing like we expected.  Services was so so and that's probably because they are so busy they can't take the time (although they should) to check in on how you're doing.  Make a reservation if you want to get in here tho.  Far away from any tourist stuff so that might be a plus for you.We got caught in a downpour after going to the WW2 museum, so we popped in for a drink and to dry off. Turns out this was one of the best meals we had in New Orleans.Our waiter recommended a spicy cocktail with jalapeño, which was delicious. We ordered some small plates to share- gumbo, roasted oysters, and eggplant stewed in tomato. The gumbo was fine, but you can get decent gumbo anywhere around here... For much cheaper. The oysters, however, were the best I had in New Orleans. And the eggplant... kind of changed my life. I cook eggplant regularly now, hoping to recreate that meal.I think maybe my expectations were too high- I'd been looking forward to dining here for quite a while.  It gets busy fast, so I purposely went at mid afternoon, between lunch & dinner.  The decor is nice, but the tables are really close together, so I imagine it can get pretty crowded.  First, I had cane syrup glazed pork cheeks with mushroom & roasted corn grits. It is, by far, one of the most delicious dishes I've ever eaten in my life.  Next I had Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & crackin's, basically just dry pulled pork molded into a puck. It was good, but the cheeks are a tough act to follow, so I was a little underwhelmed.  The lima beans (highly recommended by the waitress) were just ok.  Quite bland.Service wasn't great. There was only one table seated when I arrived, and four by the time I was finished, but the waitress seemed distracted.  I could see my entree under the heat for a few minutes while the waitress talked with the hostess.  It was hard to get her attention to ask for the check, and after waiting almost 15 minutes for it, I had to go up to her and tell her I needed the bill, when she apologized for forgetting it. It was sadly, just average for me. I'd go back for a cocktail and cheeks, but that's it.Our friends had read rave reviews of Cochen and had this place on our list of reserved restaurants.  It's a cab ride from the French Quarter so plan accordingly.   In the cab, we passed a few emeril lagasse restaurants, as well as other cool looking places.   The place was packed when we arrived.   Again, the guys went straight for the Bulleit Bourbons, and we had a couple of their signature cocktails.   I had reviewed the menu beforehand to make sure there was something I could enjoy.   I had read that their rabbit dumplings and alligator bites were the rave, but both made me ill just thinking about it.   We picked a few appetizers including the ried boudin with pickled peppers and the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli.   The boudin was amazing, but again, I couldn't pick up a fork to try the alligator.  Everyone at the table thought those gators were the best.  For dinner, I chose the smoked ham hock and my better half got the onion braised beef shoulder( they even made it without the mushrooms since it's not his fav).   The others in our party, both selected the louisiana cochon.   Everything was excellently prepared, the service was fantastic, and the ambiance was perfect.   This was definitely the place to be that night.I dined here on my own and sat at the bar at the back next to the open kitchen.  it was fun to watch the chefs in action.  Everything I ate was spectacular, my favorite was the pork cheeks.Phenomenal, delicious, extraordinary. All of these expertly describe our meal at Cochon. We even came back to Butcher the next day because we loved it so much. They were very busy on Saturday night when we went. We had reservations, but we still had a little bit of a wait. We ordered the rabbit and dumplings and the beef shoulder & the macaroni cheese. Both were phenomenal, however I have to say the Rabbit & Dumplings were the favorite. I ate pretty much all of them even though I was way too full. We will definitely be coming back on our next visit.First of all, I liked this place because it's NOT in the Quarter (which seems to be where everyone pushes you when you're an out-of-towner). And holy moley did we eat so much food here. Rabbit and dumplings was my absolute favorite. Why God WHY did I wear skinny jeans??When the name of your restaurant is translated in to pig, you know you are in for a good meal. My group was lucky enough to score a 6 p.m. reservation on a Monday. Who knew that even on a non-weekend the place would be so hopping? We were seated immediately and began to salivate over the menu. How could we possibly choose? We had already spent part of the day consuming alcohol (hello, we were on vacation) so most of the table opted for water. I opted for a Mexican coke (which I was stoked that they had. That along with Cheerwine. I am a Southern at heart.). It hit the spot and especially paired well (no joke) with the food we later ordered.My husband and I split the fried alligator, the arugula salad and the rabbit and dumplings. Everything was so full of flavor in combinations I would have expected. Don't be scared at the prospect of eating alligator. It sort of tasted like pork. Plus the aioli was dynamite and packed with flavor. The salad was simple -- greens, pancetta, strawberries and a vinaigrette. But it really paired nicely with the rich alligator. The rabbit and dumplings was quite tasty, reminiscent of my mother's chicken and dumplings. It might have been a meal better suited for a cool day in October than a Monday in May, but it was still good nonetheless. We were all stuffed afterwards and had to waddle our way out of the front door.If I am ever back in NOLA, I will definitely go here again. The cocktails looked quite delicious.First of all I rarely if ever give 5 stars. This place was awesome! Be warned reservations are hard to come by, but if you are patient and don't mind eating at the bar you can walk in without a reservation. Has tarted with the orange whiskey cocktail which was very good followed by the oysters with chili garlic butter which were deliciously spicy. You have to try the boucherie plate which is a sampler of their in house farm fresh cured meats, pickled watermelon rinds, watermelon pickles. My entree of rabbit and dumplings was delicious, Louisiana country cooking at it's finest. Then finished with the bread pudding with ice cream with a shot of cognac........delicious. If you come to New Orleans you eat here. I Gar-own-tee you won't be disappointedUnbelievably good! We let our fantastic server drive and she put together a measles that was hard to beat. We started with a brussel sprout salad with toasted hazelnuts, some of the most divine ribs I have tasted, and a fantastic interpretation of oysters Rockefeller. For a main course she brought a rabbit and dumplings and collards which were both perfect! For desert, the chocolate peanut butter pie, which was as good as I've had. In total, the experience couldn't have been better.Chafunkta - Voo Ka Ray IPA on tap is quite good. Bartenders were really great and informative!Fried Alligator with chili garlic mayo was excellent as was the fried boudin.Pretty awesome place. This was my first food stop in New Orleans where I met up with some friends for lunch.  Ordered several tapas and shared.  Great Cajun flavors, and extensive cocktail menu.  Some favs:  Fried Alligator (must try), fried oysters (excellent), Smoked Pork Ribs (very tender and flavorful), and Glazed Pork Cheeks (MUST TRY)!!Try the "Hey, Jack" cocktail.  A little bitter/spicy (jalapenos), but def worth a try.  Cool, laid back feel, with great food!Love love love the fried alligator and boudin!!!Lunch on a Friday. after the rush, and we didn't have to wait. What?The sandwich shop was recommended to us by some local friends, but we went with the sit down instead (we tried the SS later-another review). The place is delish. Oysters-yes do it. We also had some salads (okra and cucumber salads), yummo. Oyster BLT-dear GOD. Drinks were pretty good too. Desserts would be more of a don't bother, because the food is damn good on it's own and there's nothing that's nearly as spectacular as the main menu. We also liked the gal who was our server-she was great!A+Had dinner here and ordered the alligator nuggets, mushroom salad, rabbit and dumplings, ribs, and a flight of moonshine. The alligator tasted pretty good, like a tougher chicken. My rabbit dish was so good I ate it all, very homey  i couldnt get enough. Mushroom salad was very good. We had to send the ribs back bc the seasoning was off, which they  acknowledged after which was nice to hear.  The moonshine flight was apple pie, strawberry, and something else, all were really good.We were looking forward to eating at Cochon during our trip to New Orleans and had the rabbit & dumplings, smothered greens, fried alligator and Mac & Cheese.  The only dish that was interesting & unique was the rabbit & dumplings, but I found the rest to be just okay.   The food was a bit too salty for our taste and the smothered greens were just not that great( we couldn't eat most of it).  Also, the fountain soda was flat so that was something I did not expect from a place like this.Cochon sat us a half hour after our reservation, a normally unforgivable sin which would cause me to hate on every part of the experience, but maybe I'm maturing?  Compared with Coquette, Herbsaint and Sylvain, I enjoyed Cochon the most.Aside from my personal growth, the biggest revelations of the night were the roasted oysters and Louisiana Cochon.  For a party of two, a good game plan is ordering 3-4 small plates, splitting one entree and (depending on if you were beignet-stuffing at Cafe DuMonde three hours earlier) grabbing a dessert.  I cannot advise on their desserts.All in all, a cool space, very good food and a personal reminder that when I'm upset, take a deep breath and go eat some pork.Cochon and Cochon Butcher were definitely the best two meals I had during my four day trip to New Orleans, which is pretty fitting since I was acting like a real little piglet during this vacation (Cochon means pig, according to Wikipedia in case you didn't get that).The food here was incredible. This was easily one of the tastiest, most satisfying and best dining experiences I've had recently. We went here for brunch and ordered several of the small plates and a couple of the larger ones. My only regret is that I didn't order the whole menu.They start you off with some amazing complimentary bread. You can tell these little rolls are going to be amazing by the nice shine their buttery tops have (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…).After devouring those, here's what we got, a mere dent in the several amazing choices they have:- Fried Boudin ($8)- Fried Alligator ($10)- Smoked Pork Ribs ($12)- Macaroni and Cheese Casserole ($6)- Rabbit and Dumplings ($21)The Fried Boudin was probably my favorite, nice and lightly fried with some amazingly delicious sausage inside. The Fried Alligator was also awesome, as were the very tasty Rabbit and Dumplings. You can't go wrong here with whatever you order.We were stuffed at this point, but we had to get some dessert since it not only sounded really good, but we knew it would be good since they clearly know what they're doing here. My wife got the Strawberry Pocket Pie with sour cream ice cream ($8), which was awesome, and the hot pie with the unique ice cream made for an excellent combo. But the other one was ridiculous: the Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie ($8) was easily one of the best peanut butter desserts I've ever had (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…). It was so rich and deliciously creamy and salty from the sprinkling of salted peanuts on top. So good.  The perfect end to an amazing meal.The service was also perfect here. The place itself feels very trendy and has a nice atmosphere with high ceilings and a loud, energetic vibe.If I'm ever back in New Orleans, this is definitely going to be one of my first stops.We ate lunch here while attending a conference at the nearby convention center. The food was terrific but service was a little slow. Highly recommend the oyster and bacon sandwich and the fried alligator appetizer!If you're with an intimate group of friends, I recommend dining family-style like we did. The waiter didn't object to it and it allowed us to try a little bit of everything. It's a fairly inexpensive place, especially when you take into account the quality you're getting in return.I tried everything under small plates and boucherie with the exception two or three dishes. My favorites were the oysters, shrimp heads, and boucherie plate. The oysters were well-seasoned, the shrimp heads were crispy, and I loved the various pates on the boucherie plate. I didn't care for the smoke ribs at all. It fell a little flat for me for some reason.I believe we ordered four different entrees and my favorite two were the rabbit and dumplings and the louisiana cochon. Don't get the rabbit and dumplings if you're not a fan of gravy-style dishes, but I loved it. Being from the south, dumpling dishes always have a special my heart.... and stomach.I'm normally very critical of big restaurant groups, but Donald Link did not disappoint. This joint is worth all the hype I have been hearing about.So I made reservations and went for lunch...The wood fired oyster roast is not to be missed. Smoky, garlicky, buttery...delicious! The smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle were so tender and very very smoky flavored, but great none the less. The shrimp and deviled egg gumbo was the only so-so part of the meal, not really spicy and sort of forgettable. The roasted broccoli and green bean salad was very good; the poblano dressing was great (though could have been a bit spicier in my opinion). And lastly, I tried some of the macaroni and cheese which was really stellar. Bonus: the Blenheim Ginger Ale was spicy and delicious (and of course beautifully packaged) and the Abita Root Beer is on draft..creamy, delicious, and oddly hard to find.great cajun food! wood fire oysters with chilli garlic butter was outstanding. Had the pork cheek, which was fine and the alligator, which ok as well. Cool ambiance. there were three or four other things I wish I would have ordered and tried.So first of all, I didn't have a reservation.  My friend tried making reservations and was unsuccessful.  But if you want to eat dinner there, get there between 4pm and 5:30sih and you should be able to get a table.  We ordered the famous fried gator and the cochon (of course!).  The fried gator was a bit too chewy for me.  I had also had way too much fried stuff in NO, so I didn't enjoy it as much.  I had the oyster roast as well.  It was good, but I prefer raw oysters.  I had the cochon as my main entree, and I absolutely loved it!!  I say, if you've never ordered gator, order it for the experience.  Otherwise, you can skip it, unless you like gator.  I'd probably just order the cochon and try their tasty drinks!!!We finally got a chance to stop in for lunch and we couldn't have made a better decision.Starting things off, we ordered the Fried Boudin Balls. They were nice and crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. The Boudin is made in house and was excellent.It was only right that I went with the Cochon as an entree, as it's their signature dish, and for good reason. A pulled pork patty, crisped on both sides, topped with pickled peaches and pork rinds, all on a bed of stewed cabbage. It was one of the few dishes I've had that I wouldn't change a thing about. We also ordered a side of the Mac and Cheese Casserole, also very good in it's own right.The wife was stuffed and couldn't watch me eat anymore, so we opted for dessert to go. We went with the Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie purely out of the convenience of portability and it was definitely the right choice. It looked as good as it tasted, so there was no way I was stopping to take a picture fist, maybe next time. Even if you don't have the room, do yourself a favor and order this.All in all we had a great experience here; awesome food, friendly attentive servers and great atmosphere. This will be one of my first stops our next time in town.Awesome cocktails!!!Everything was fantastic but the crawfish pie and wood fired oysters were awesome! Had a reservation for late in the afternoon, but showed up well before our reservation time (3 hrs or so) and were seated almost immediately. I don't think that's too common, but is worth a shot!Fried Alligator - 4/5. Deliciously fried alligator that accented both the taste and texture of the alligator meet. The chili sauce easily added some diversity to the flavor.Roasted Oysters - 5/5. My favorite by far from all the other places I've tried in NOLA. Garlic, a hint parmeasan, and the house hot sauce accented the slightly firm (but not overcooked).Beef Shoulder - 3/5. Soft and tender meat the required a light flick of the knife to cut into bite size pieces, this beef shoulder was a bit lacking in taste. However, served with a side of greens, mushrooms and pine nuts as good compliments.Crawfish Pie - 2/5. Flaky crust encasing a well-seasoned crawfish and veggie innards, the dish didn't dissapoint or wow me.Excellent Spot - walked in on a busy night - no reservation. Was told it would be about 30 mins for a seat at the chef's counter. Sounds good to me. We instead found a spot at the bar and ate right there. Great vibe in the restaurant. Very friendly staff - with the one exception being the bartender that neglected my empty glass for almost 10 minutes. I had to practically jump up and down to get her attention - and it wasn't very busy at this point. Oh well, not enough to ruin the evening. Food: Boudin balls - excellent, deep fried and so tasty.            Fried Alligator - very good - cruchy, deep fried pieces of gator with a spicy aioli sauce drizzled all over - similar to buffalo style chicken pieces - but firmer texture. Marinated cucumbers - even this very simple dish was tasty and complex - very nice balance of sweet and spicyCan't wait to go back - definitely a must when in NoLaNIce ambiance, great food.Beyond a doubt the best meal I had when visiting New Orleans. I wanted to go back again and again, it stuck in my mind that much. Let's list a few quick tips, mmkay?The Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & cracklins. Get it. It'll be the best thing you put in your mouth for a long time. It's like they took a pulled pork, formed it into a huge mound, grilled the outside so it's nice and crispy, and somehow kept it juicy as all hell everywhere else. Plus, pickled peaches are amazing.The fried alligator with chili garlic aioli is like a tastier chicken. Personally, the fried part doesn't do it for me, but it can be easily taken off, leaving you with a really delicious meaty reptile to munch on. Not sure if I'd get it again but glad I tried it.Sit at the chef's counter and maybe they'll give you a complimentary plate. We got head cheese and pickled cauliflower. Outstanding. Plus, there's one hell of a show in front of you.These dishes, plus the complimentary bread, will fill up two people easy peasy.Is Cochon is great restaurant? No.But that's because it doesn't want to be great; what it it wants instead is simply to be really good.(which it is).This is an important distinction to make in the for-profit culinary world: sometimes you can be too good - too attentive to details, too obsessed with control, too worried about the seasonality and freshness of your ingredients. And then it becomes hard to a run a restaurant as a business, which is after all what they are.Because if you want to be great, it takes more than talent. To be great, the prices of your ingredients rise, the number of covers you can turn around in any given night drops to the edge of profitability, and you cut things like lunches and brunches to focus instead on evening service with a small kitchen staff and experimental dishes that some patrons will find, well, too adventurous for their palates and pocketbooks.When such places persist long enough to become profitable (which usually takes years and lots on investor patience), then they become "great." They survive because of gastronomers and people with money to spare on food as art. A Michelin star - not mention great Yelp reviews - certainly can help.Couchin does not aspire to greatness, imo. But it chooses the next best thing: they created a menu and setting with enough space for foodies and for more casual eaters-out, from 20-something couples to families with children to college students on break to conventioneers out for some fun, food, and libations after a long day of sessions and organizing.You can definitely get a good and healthful meal here if you order right and avoid the heavy hitters (like the fried gator parts or pork-based sausages).Start with a really good wine, in the $30-50 range; a Kermit Lynch selection - 2010 Château de Lascaux Languedoc-Roussillon red (Syrah/Grenache/Mourvedre) at $42 hit the mark for us;Order a plate of oven-roasted oysters as starter; add some of the house sweet potato habanero sauce if you'd like (it goes great on the brioche style bread, too).Soups and salads are nicely thought out. The kale and beet salad with deviled eggs and a basic vinaigrette was nice, as was a cream of broccoli option. Perfect winter fare.For mains, you'd be hard pressed to do better than the oven-roasted Gulf fish, served as a fillet skin-side down with lemon, pickled onion, and parsley on the side; and the rabbit and dumplings, served in a root vegetable and potato stew in a single-serve cast iron skillet.All that for about $115 (2/3 for the food), and when you add it all up, it's a really good meal.Not Craigie on Main great. But RG nonetheless.Place is super good. If you in the area you gotta try it.Okay food, really poor service!  Putting pig on everything really doesn't have the mileage it used to, but whatever, that's the theme.  Staring at finished plates while the staff rolls silverware at a table in the back corner, well that I really don't like.This place was good and smelly! I know they are smoking meat and all, but you know what, I don't like it when I leave a restaurant and stink like I'm the one who has been working in the kitchen all night. The food was all good, but nothing was great and that with the smell of it all, yeah, I'm all set on this one.Visited Cochon while on a Labor Day trip. We made reservations for 5pm on a Friday (our only other option was 10pm and we didn't want to get stuck waiting too long without one). So I would recommend calling ASAP for a weekend night reservation.We were seated at our table for 15 minutes before we received any greeting at our table or water to start with which was unfortunate because it wasn't busy yet and this is where the restaurant lost a star for me. Once we were greeted, the service was average but prompt. We ended up splitting dishes so we could try multiple things without slipping into a food coma afterwards. We started with fried alligator which had a spicy mayo on it. So delicious and easy to eat for someone who is trying alligator for the first time. We also ordered the braised beef (came with a potato/horseradish/apple salad) and mac and cheese casserole. The beef was so tender and moist- I'm not sure it could have been cooked or flavored any better. This was one of the most delicious meals I've ever had and I was still full by the end. It was a bit salty overall, but I think that was expected with our choices. I think I could have gone for dessert (which looked delicious), but we opted for drinks instead. It was an easy walk from our hotel (Hilton Riverside) and I would go back often if we were locals. Such a good combination of flavors and options.Cochon was recently named "The Most Important Restaurant in America," and while it's good (sincerely), I don't think it lives up to the hype. Everything was tasty, the service was attentive and courteous, and the vibe was definitely hip. But if you're gonna call it the Most IMPORTANT Restaurant in this whole country of excellent food, you better blow my freakin' socks off. Here the small plates are the way to go, so to start we ordered:Fried Alligator (because come on, you HAVE to)Braised Pork Cheeks with Burst TomatoesWood-Roasted OystersThe best thing by far was the Pork Cheeks. That meat nearly melted on my fork, and the tomatoes and basil were stellar components. The oysters were good too - a little spicy, a little sweet. Alligator is a curious thing (so chewy!), but the aoili and fresh basil leaves they used on top were a nice touch. For entrees. I had the Ham Hock, which was just ok. Personally I think it was a little dry and overcooked. My friend loved her Lousiana Cochon, and the pork was really tender. I'm still kicking myself for not ordering the Rabbit & Dumplings! We were nearly too full for dessert, but decided to go for it, and I'm SO GLAD we did! We ordered the Banana Strudel with Butterscotch Ice Cream, and my friend and I were still talking about it two days later. It was that good. The pastry was so flaky, and topped with just the right amout of cinnamon and coarse sugar (yum). The ice cream was delicious, and the two bites combined made for a stellar dessert.We had a great time at Cochon and some very tasty plates, but I wouldn't say this is on my list of best meals ever - especially given the hype.Excellent pork! Love butcher as well. Been here a few times and was always great. A bit hard to get into if over two people. Also, do not come into this place when they first open since they didn't have the "specials ready". thought that was odd but I didn't mind.Food:-Wood fired oyster roast, great in chili oil!-Complimentary bread and butter, I feel like I'm cheating a review by including this but it was really good with perfectly salted butter and warm bread rolls-Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, the white alligator meat inside tasted chewy like a mix between chicken and squid, couldn't fight the mental image and wuss inside of me after a few bites so gave the rest to doggie pitbull (who definitely enjoyed the super gourmet doggie dinner and tried to make out with me the whole night afterwards)Service was standard, some fakeness exuded here and there but my main waitress was mostly fine.Wow, where do I even start with Cochon?!?!?  Donald Link is a true restaurateur in NOLA.  I have yet to dine at one of his restaurants where I haven't been blown away.  If you are in NOLA and buy into the hype of Emeril's restaurants (sorry, no offense buddy) you are doing yourself an injustice if you don't try at least one of Donald Link's eateries.  Located in the warehouse district, Cochon saved me during a recent visit when I needed to make a lunch reservation for a party of 10 on short notice..... with 150,000 other people all trying to find reservations as well.  First, their patience with me while I changed my reservation 3 different times was much appreciated.  We started out as a party of 10, then increased to 12, and we showed up at the restaurant with 13 folks.  The hostess was polite (even though she was probably beyond frustrated with me) and found a way to get us all seated without hassle.  This is true NOLA food..... a perfect combination of French/Cajun that will not disappoint.  Their menu is very "different" but if you feel like stepping outside of your comfort zone, you will find yourself in true culinary bliss.  My clients absolutely loved their meals and I wish I had another day in the city to come back on my own for dinner...... that is how impressed I was!One of the many unique things about Cochon is that they serve the same menu all day long.... the good thing is that if you feel like an entree for lunch, you will be very happy because their entrees looked killer.  The bad is that if you want to head in for a light lunch, your options are rather limited.  We started out with a few orders of the Boudin, Wood Fired Oysters, and Fried Alligator..... one was better than the next.  All had unique flavor that I wouldn't get tired of anytime soon.  The oysters were probably some of the best I have ever had (that is saying a lot, as I live in the Chesapeake area of Maryland where they take pride in their oysters.)For entrees, most of the folks at the table ordered the fried oyster sandwich, which was the only sandwich on the menu.  I ordered the gumbo (with deviled eggs and shrimp) and the braised pork cheeks.  Both were delicious and left me feeling very satisfied.  One person at our table ordered the Gulf Fish "Fisherman's Style" which looked delicious (and spicy) and two others ordered the Louisiana Cochon, which was a pork dish that they both raved over.I may need to fly back down to NOLA soon to try the Rabbit and Dumplings.... it looked amazing, but is served in a huge cast iron skillet and I didn't have the guts to order such a huge entree at lunch time during a business lunch!  I have been salivating at the thought of this dish ever since though!  THE GOOD - Every.Single. Item. On. The. Menu.THE MEH - Lack of sandwiches, suitable lunch sized portions.THE BAD - LOLThis was one of my best eating experience so far, been here for 2 weeks for work and this was a treat.  Cool little place with awesome food.  I couldn't get a reservation, but there was no problem getting a seat at the bar and they have a full menu there.Started off with friend shrimp heads.....loved it, tasty, crunchy, yum.Then I had the ribs, these were really good, fall off the bone ribs.Finally, had the beef cheeks, good not amazing but definitely good.The beauty of this place besides the food is the reasonable price.Thanks Cochon!!!Oh god. I had a delicious pork coma after leaving here last week. You won't want to see meat for a while afterwards, but you won't regret it.  It's a good thing we had a reservation, as this placed was packed on a Monday night. We started with boucherie plate -- an eclectic selection of pork including head cheese, pâté, and charcuterie. For entrees we had the Louisiana cochon (essentially a version of pulled pork) and the smoked ham hock. Both were salty, smokey, porky goodness. The cheesy spatzle and roasted Brussels sprouts were indulgent and worthy accompaniments. They serve dessert, but I doubt people make it that far.A word on the service -- It was friendly and informative, but a bit slow. It took way too long to get a draft beer from the bar, so don't wait to order if you are getting near the bottom of the glass.Cochon is a must visit if you are in NoLa.I had one of the best meals of my life at this place on New Year's Eve. From the cocktails- to the ambiance- and every single course in between it was truly excellent. The NYE prix fixe menu at $75 per person for four courses was worth every penny (and when you consider how much food you get it's actually a bargain.) Some of the highlights of our meal included the oxtail gnocchi, which was rich and savory and creamy- a little explosion of happiness in your mouth (in the non-dirtiest way possible); the beet and kale salad- who knew these simple ingredients could be so good?; the snapper with crispy skin- fresh and flavorful; and last but certainly not least....Pork Belly Wrapped Goat....yes that's right, delicious tender goat wrapped lovingly in fatty, rich pork belly. If this is on the menu when you go- AND YOU MUST GO! this needs to be ordered. It is moral imperative to your taste-buds to try this. Bottom Line: If you only go to one place for dinner while in New Orleans, this MUST be it.Everything was amazing. Try the pork!Seriously, from the boudin to the namesake cochon... everything we tried was great, including dessert and cocktails. Who knew mint and fried alligator tossed with aioli would be such a winning combo?We went for lunch and there were many open tables when we arrived around 12:30. A great way to get in and dine at a reasonable price if you are visiting and schedule allows.Toward the end of lunch, we even saw a trailer arrive from a Mississippi farm and whole hogs start rolling out and into the back of the restaurant, or Cochon Butcher next door. Pretty awesome.We severely underestimated how busy Cochon gets during our trip to New Orleans last year. Definitely planned better this time around so make sure you get your reservations in weeks in advance. Speaking of reservations, we were walking to the restaurant from our hotel and got turned around so we were about 15 minutes late. Although the restaurant kept checking up on us to see if we were still coming, they were really courteous and still held our spot. When we finally got there we waited about another 15 minutes before we got our table for 5 in this really jam packed restaurant. The attire can be anything from casual to dressy and it's got a bit of a dim atmosphere. The waiters were extremely attentive and helpful! I got the Lousiana Cochon which was delicious but a bit on the salty side. They were out of Smoked Pork Ribs and Watermelon. Can't wait to try that next time!We tried to get a dinner reservations a few times but they didn't have available times so we went ahead and tried Cochon for lunch (reservations via yelp/open table).I think this is my favorite place to dine in New Orleans.  When we come back in town, I will definitely try and secure a dinner reservation.  This is the place you wish you had more than one stomach to eat more food.  Delicious!Before coming to New Orleans, my coworkers and friends raved about Cochon.  I was excited to finally get to dine here, and when I did, everything lived up to what I imagined. The alligator appetizer with garlic aioli (with mint and parsley) was cooked perfectly (no chewiness) and spicy creamy aioli sauce on top was amazing.  Best fried alligator I've ever had.I ordered louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled turnips & cracklins.  Mmmm just thinking about it makes me crave it all over again.   Everything complement and blended together so well.So savory and meaty, with perfectly crunchy crackling on the top.  My coworker let me try her rabbit and dumplings, which I was opposed to at first because I didn't enjoy the first time I had rabbit.  But this dish was like comfort food reminiscent of a chicken pot pie.  Perfect!  I must dine here again and try other things on the menu!After a couple of unsuccessful trips to Nawlins without visiting Cochon, I was able to FINALLY see what all the fuss was about.... I was in town this time for a friend's bachelor party and we had made reservations for 14 so we had a pretty large party that night which was GREAT because we ordered basically everything off the menu (and them some)! We started off with a round of drinks while the waiter went over the menu with us and told everyone what the special was for the day... He explained to us that with a party our size that it's best to start off the first round with several small plates and then with the second round with our entrées so that's exactly what we did... We had to order several plates so everyone could try it but that was perfectly fine!! I mean, "It aint no fun if the homie cant have none..", right?  lol jk Small Plates: Wood Fired Oyster Roast - 5/5Fried Liver w/ Pepper Jelly and Toast - 8/5 (its really that good)Fried Shrimp Head w/ Roasted Chili Sauce - 5/5Fried Alligator w/ Chili Aioli - 3/5Crawfish Pie -3/5Boucherie: Fried Boudin w/ Pickled Pepper -3/5Smoked Pork Ribs - 4/5Cabbage Braised Pork Cheeks - 4/5Entrees:Smoked Ham Hock - 4/5Louisiana Cochon - 3/5Onion Braised Beef Shoulder - 4/5Rabbit & Dumplings - 3/5Oven Roasted Gulf Fish (Red) - 5/5Sides:Charred Carrots - 4/5Mac and Cheese Casserole - 4/5Smothered Greens - 4/5Everything we had was great but the small plates were AMAZING!!! The fried liver w/ pepper jelly and toast was probably my favorite followed by the fried shrimp head... I had the Cochon for my entrée which I thought was a little bit salty but it was still good!! We finished off w/ a round of moonshine (vanilla/strawberry) and a couple of guys got dessert... I didn't really care for the dessert after this massive meal!! Our total bill came out to be $1048 and some change but it was worth EVERY PENNY!!Our palates - those, anyway, of we the avid culinary adventurers - roam widely over plates, through restaurants, amongst reviews and photographs and scraps of words of delight, never settling long in any one place. The roving commitment-phobes of the food world, always looking over the menu to see what we're missing, afraid to order the same thing twice.But our hearts are, if we're honest, often most at home in just one place, in the one food world or dish or venue where we know everything is right and honest and uncomplicated and just so good. For me, that world is the vast one of Southern foodways, currently under rediscovery by many who maybe didn't know until just now about Edna Lewis or kale or salt pork or Husk or grits or biscuits or anything. Oh, what they've missed.And what I missed, from my years living in the South, was this, the food, the place with such a vastly rich culinary history and such tiny and fascinating microclimates of cuisine. So lovely to find, then, a home in Cochon, and the genius of Donald Link. But to find them so perfectly, and in ways reinvented such that both my faithless palate and faithful heart were so satisfied that I kept stopping during the meal as I couldn't remember just where in the world I was. West Coast? The South? Home? Far away? New? Old? Not sure. Take the Catdaddy Carolina Moonshine. (We did, since it was on the house for my dear birthday girl.) I've had some in my day, usually out of a glass jar passed around late at night at some music festival. But this was like drinking Christmas, with some vanilla nutmeg infusion all smooth and sweet and spicy so that my slowness in finishing it had everything to do with desperately not wanting to finish the last drop while at the same time anxiously awaiting the next. (Cochon is credited with putting some muscle and energy into the small-but-growing Southern moonshine industry for the needs of their bar program.)Or take the pineapple upside down cake, all tiny on the plate and crumbly with cornmeal to add just the right bit of savory. Or any combination of pork, beans, and greens all fancied up in different ways and variations but everything perfectly spiced, fresh to the bite, and just-fancier than I'd make it at home...so it's worth flying across the country for. I wanted one of everything on the menu, not because I was afraid of missing anything lovely (okay, there WAS that), but more because every plate looked like a welcome-back. And although I ate about five times as much as the pretty-much-vegan birthday girl whose celebratory dinner this was supposed to be, she did have a kick-ass plate of grits (butter doesn't kill on occasion!) and some excellent cucumbers, light and vinegary.  I'd say I'm coming back, but since it's thousands of miles away...oh, hell, I'm coming back. Affairs of the heart and all that....A must when in New Orleans. Do not miss:Oyster Roast Crawfish BouletteLouisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled turnips & cracklinsMacaroni and CheeseWhen we chose to go to New Orleans for a friend's wedding recently, Cochon was one of the places I wanted to go but it did not seem like it was meant to be. Until Saturday night when the kind folks at Iris suggested we try Cochon for dinner and even called them to make sure we'd be able to get in.I'm glad we walked there because I ate like a fat kid. I really enjoyed the modern decor and our knowledgeable server who went along with one of our inebriated guests who asked whether or not the rabbit was wascally. The only thing I didn't care much for was the sweet potato & hog jowl casserole, which tasted more sweet potato and hog jowl. Granted, jowl is pretty flavorful and probably used sparingly in the dish but I tasted virtually no jowl in there.Would I go back to Cochon if I went back to New Orleans? Perhaps I'd try Butcher instead but if it's definitely worth a stop.I was actually disappointment with my visit to Cochon. I thought, maybe, 'Cochon' I should definitely get something pork, it has to be good. We had the PIG CHEEK TERRINE for our app, I had the LOUISANA COCHON with turnips, cabbage, pickled turnips & cracklins, my other half had the BRAISED BEEF SHOULDER. Now although they were all cooked very well, I thought everything was one dimensional in flavor. The pig cheek needed a hard hit of the hot sauce on the table to cut through the richness. The Cochon was very rich. The pickled turnips did not help at all. Literally everyone on Yelp suggested the Alligator but to be honest, you can get alligator anywhere down there y'all! Service here was average. Nothing out of the ordinary. I guess if I were to rate it, it would be a solid four stars, but definitely not the food. If you want great food and great value, head over to Cochon Butcher next door. The quality of food is just like Cochon, just cheaper and more casual.My partner and I stopped by after a museum visit and after I had already previously dined at the attached Butcher cafe.  We didn't have reservations and seemed to get a bit of an attitude for that.  After having waited for quite some time, we were seated outside.  I ordered an oyster sandwich wanting to try some local fare. Granted it was my first time and I'm easily put off by odd food, but really I didn't care for it at all, infact I couldn't even finish it.  The taste was overwhelmingly oystery, I know, I know... this sounds ridiculous, but I was expecting something more palatable.  Should have gone with something pork.  Paired with the snub upon entering and the lackluster service, I wouldn't returnI'm working on a corny blurb, as always. About Cochon I wanna say something including, "All the best from land, swamp and sea." And that's probably just cause I wanna mention swamp... and that's just cause I feel need to mention the alligator, just like everyone else. Really though, that super light and crispy, almost tempura-like, batter-fried alligator with a bright orange, chile-garlic aioli is easily the best alligator I've had. Not to front like I'm a constant alligator-eatin' thing of a person, but I've eaten preparations here and there in my time, and Cochon's unique version is by far is my favorite. It's a completely delicious appetizer. I also love the wood fired oysters as a starter; perfectly cooked and well-seasoned, juicy juicy. We've enjoyed those before but with a name like Cochon, the pig has to be good. Or it should be as it'd be a cryin shame otherwise. It is great, so have no fear. They know what they're doin.  They cure and smoke their own meats and sausages.The boucherie section of the menu is fantastic. The Boucherie Plate of beautiful charcuterie is just excellent. The fried boudin with pickled peppers are great too. The exterior of the boudin balls are fried to a breaded crunch, while the pork and rice insides were so soft and savory. The brininess of the pickled peppers and the creole mustard accented the whole t'do perfectly. The smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle have been tasty, tasty business as well. How many people have noted that you can go, "Hog wild," here? Add me that number, cause you can. It's punny but it's true.And I'm not even done listing pork dishes. The Louisiana Cochon? My husband ordered it as his main course this time. Slow-cooked pork is formed into a golden crusty succulence, in the shape of a hockey puck. Served with turnips, cabbage, cracklins and pickled peaches, it is just killa. Delicious.Really, a couplea pals could  easily make a great meal out of a selection of the small plates here, and it is a great plan, and one that I'd most likely stick to in the future. It's just that I now know about the rabbit and dumplings too... Served up in a cast iron pan was some tender, shredded rabbit in some glorious pot-pie style gravy and topped with perfect dumplings for the sopping. Well, clearly that was cozy. Damn, that entree was delicious. Lip-smacking, even. I use that term quite literally as I repeated during a recent dinner there, "This is lip-smacking, I'm literally smacking my lips right now." After blurting that out, I made a myself a mental note: Make sure you mention that. The food at Cochon is great in that it hits on an universal soul food level which is basically my attempt at labeling the feeling of instant recognition that happens when enjoying a real true comfort-food moment. The dishes we've shared here have been a delicious synthesis of  Southern and authentic Cajun cuisine with a heightened touch of modernization and sophistication. All washed down with a pitcher of Abita. Nice ya can get a pitcher. I feel the need to mention that I appreciated being able to enjoy a nice cold pitcher with our wholehearted feasting.In fact, that's the overall vibe of this place, to me, more than anything: Feasting. Passing plates and plates around, geekin on how good. It's true that the rustic-meets-modern warehouse of a restaurant feels more than a little trendy too, but moreso, it's abuzz with what feels like the shared energy of mass enjoyment of good meals.  Of course I can only speak for my man and myself, but enjoy, we certainly did. Massively.It was 12:30 on a Wednesday and they ran out of gumbo! (That should tell you it's good as lunch has barely started!).  We wish we would have been able to try it :-/ Instead we ordered the sandwich of the day (a pulled pork sandwich on white bread) and a side of Mac n' Cheese. It was OK. Sandwich tasted fresh BUT was smothered in butter, the potato salad served alongside was pretty much mayo and potatoes... the Mac n' Cheese was good.Service was awesome. Our waiter, Chris, was fast and always refilling our water.Cochon's last reservations is at 10p- even on Superbowl weekend. We landed at 9p and managed to snag a table a few minutes after 10p. Waitstaff and hosts were great; very accommodatingFood reminded me of SF; we didn't want an uber huge meal, so we ordered a bunch of different appetizers to split between the 2 of us- Fried alligator: very yummy, but honestly tasted like chicken- Smoked Ribs with watermelon relish: very flavorful - Kale salad with beet and deviled eggs: light and yummy- Crawfish pie: i like crawfish, but i'd pass on this- Pork cheeks: very tender and delicious- Fire-roasted Oysters: i like the ones at Acme and GW Fins better, but this was good too- Malted Chocolate Cake: VERY rich and denseWe were one of the last ones to leave the restaurant, and just before we left, we realized that 2 tables over was the entire cast of The League! Score!Highly recommend for a contemporary New Orleans dinnercame for lunch and orderedwood fried oysters - BESTboudin ballsfried alligatorcochondelicious food but very very salty.Amazing! Thanks everyone for the tips! Great service, quick, great food, great drinks. Highly recommend! Alligator tastes like chicken :)Everything about this place is awesome. My favorite was the fried gator an pig ear salad, yeah seriously who ever knew pig ears were so delicious?.. Service was excellent and everyone in our party had a great experience.We actually went for small bites between lunch and dinner, since our dinner reservation was not until 10:30pm elsewhere. So glad were we to try this place. They had a good range of items that were fresh and light to more indulging. The menu was great for sharing. Highlights: The wood-fired oyster roast was amazing. Much more refined than Acme's, and comparable in price. Also,  I never heard a group of people fawn over a green salad as my friends had done here. The space is great for larger parties. We were a group of seven. There were few tables that were long like ours. We definitely could've fit three or more people. Make sure you get a reservation in advance since they book up for the weekend.I have eaten at Cochon several times, and each one was a constantly pleasurable experience. Service is always fantastic. Decor is nice. Clean. Chairs are a bit uncomfortable, but I'm not there long enough for that to be an issue.Over the course of my visits I have had the following.Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli - In my opinion, this is a must try starter. It's amazing. Enough to share with others. Crawfish pie - Very good! (But I prefer the Gator)Fried boudin with pickled peppers - Great! Share it so you don't fill up.Rabbit & dumplings - Off the charts good!!!!! So tender, flavorful, amazing, mouth watering good with just the slightest bite.Smoked ham hock with herb spatzle, brussels sprouts & mustard cream sauce - Excellent blend of flavors. Very very good. The mustard cream is perfect on the ham hock.Onion braised beef shoulder with mushrooms, field peas & green beans - Beef was tender and succulent. Great flavor.For desert I recommend the black velvet cake with cream cheese chocolate chip frosting. It's so incredibly wrong that it's worth going to hell for. And their ice cream is made fresh in house! It's so creamy it's more like gelato. Again, so sinful, and worth all the Hail Mary's.It can get a little busy during lunch and slammed during dinner. Call and make reservations. If not, relax and have a drink. It's well worth the wait.Relax... It's N'awlins baby!Monday Night - I had the oysters and fried liver which was excellent. The bartenders are friendly and helpful but I do not recommend eating at the bar when the dinning room is full. The two bartenders are too busy trying to prepare drinks for the entire restaurant and not able to provide service for those eating at the bar. It took over an hour to order 1 drink and 2 small dishes. I wanted to order more to eat since the food was great, but didn't want to wait another 30 mins to order. Than another hour to eat and settle the bill. I left hungry and ate a po'boy down the street. I don't blame the bartenders, they were just too busy.I had a mixed experience here. The food quality was high. Portions were about average. It was slightly overpriced for what it was, but that's what they're going for, so whatever. That is all expected. My real gripe is with the wait-staff. They were completely disinterested in serving me, and were very abrupt and borderline snobbish. I won't return, as there are hundreds of places that I can visit and not be treated like this.Make reservations or hang out at the bar with a glass of red and wait for your table. Really nice trendy upscale decor, pleasant and helpful staff. Love Cochon's take on New Orleans classics! Bread and butter MELT IN YOUR MOUTH.  Seriously. This is why people eat refined flour and fat. Because it can taste like this. If you are from California or some other health-food-loving region and have a fatty-food aversion like mine, I strongly recommend you just forget about the calorie content and remember you are in New Orleans and you are going to blow your diet anyway. I had the redfish, cooked to light and flaky perfection. Excellent flavor without being terribly spicy (although that wouldn't have bothered me). Doesn't come with any sides except some cooked onions so you will need to buy a side. Get this fish - it's AWESOME!Also have small plates you can share with your dinner companions. They looked pretty delicious although I didn't personally try any.Not too cheap but I think pretty average cost for a nice meal.If you're up for a night out on the town with friends...this is place to check out. It is super trendy and has great atmosphere. The food is a little spicy, but not inedible in the least. Touristy type of prices. The food is very modern and tasty. Great place to socialize too. If you are looking for quite and/or intimate....this is not the place to go. It is always hustling and bustling.Word of advice: You will need reservations, or else you may not get in.Oh Cochon!! So delightful.We had a 10pm dinner reservation and were expecting things to dwindle down as the night wore down, but not so! We ordered plenty sides and soups and salads as our mains. The highliights:Roasted Oysters - so fresh, warmed with a garlicky  rich sauce. Yumskers!Fried Alligator - My friends insisted it tasted like chicken. To me, it wasn't quite like anything I have tried before (I don't eat much chicken), and the breading and sauce really went well with it. Very very pleased. Crawfish and Bean casserole - Much better than anticipated! Considering they were lima beans, which I usually hate. Really enjoyed this dish. Mac and cheese - I mean, we had to, come on. Super fantastic. Some of the best we ever had. We each had cocktails, as well. All were super good. The service was fast and attentive. I will return!We decided to check this place out for lunch during our stay in New Orleans, we were told by a Chef friend of ours this place was the "it" spot for lunch. Boy was he right! The drink and food menu were both very unique and amazing. I started out with a delicious drink followed by the mushroom soup which was the special soup that afternoon. Soup was very good! I also ordered the cucumber salad followed by the brisket. Both were delicious!! I obviously couldn't eat all of that food but I am glad I was able to try a little bit of everything. My fiancé ordered the Sandwich special of the day and it was amazing. I would love to come back for dinner on our next trip to New Orleans. You won't be disappointed here.Cochon was very unique taste of food. I've been here twice and both times I should have not eaten before coming here because the portion's are huge. First time I came here I had the fried alligator, wood fire oysters, and the Cochon as the main dish. All was pretty good, unique, and tasted delicious. Too much food! But I wanted to try it all! Second time I came here I had the Pork & Black Eyed Pea Gumbo & Rabbit & Dumplings. The Gumbo was actually lighter than I thought it would be. It wasn't as thick as other gumbos I've had but did have depth of flavor. The Rabbit & Dumplings was good. Really hot when it first comes out so eat with extreme caution and blow before you take a spoonful. This is a lot of food and this made up for light soup. It gets packed. Came here when it opened at 11am and people were piling in. Personally I think it is over hyped but I haven't seen a menu like this so it's worth a try.** Anyone allergic to peanuts cannot eat anything fried here **Sadly, this takes a lot of yummy sounding items off the table for me.  Nonetheless I enjoyed my meal.  We had wood-fired oysters, eggplant and shrimp side casserole, and cochon (without the cracklin's - fried in peanut oil).The oysters were fat and fresh with a surprising kick.  These came out quickly after ordering.  We then waited over 20 minutes for the rest of our food - I'll give a pass since we were here on Saturday night and it was quite busy - but still, figured it was worth noting the service hiccup.The casserole and cochon were both very filling.  Cochon was pulled pork served in a light gravy - kudos for the flavor without over salting!  The casserole was very cheesy and also had a bit of spice. The setting is lovely and I would recommend this for anyone looking to try nice Southern bbq cooking.Second visit as good as the first. We will visit every time we go to New orleans. Great bourbon list, great small plate list. We had the fried boudin (don't miss), pork cheek (fork tender), Mac n cheese (just OK), Louisiana cochon (highlight of the food, tender pork shoulder)Service was knowledgeable and friendly, not over bearing  in any way.Friend Alligator with chili garlic aioli- I have tried alligator before, but with their aioli sauce, it was amazing and flavorful. The alligator tasted like a mix between chicken and scallops. Fried shrimp heads with roasted chili sauce-It was okay, I wonder why they couldn't just use the entire shrimp. Rabbit and dumplings- I have never eaten rabbit before, but this was what this restaurant was known for so I had to give it a try. Sorry to all the rabbit lovers out there. The rabbit tasted like chicken, there was no difference to me. It was served in a soup base which reminded me of the progressive soup can with the veggies/carrots/potatoes. The dumplings were drenched in the soup, but I was surprised that there was no stuffing in the dumplings which is what I am used to. I felt that there was way too many dumplings an less meat. I didn't eat all the dumplings as that would have gotten me very full. Overall, the dish was okay and I will never eat rabbit again. I don't know what kind of bread they served, but it was addicting. It came out buttery and soft. We requested another basket because it was that good.Their Arnold Palmer was delicious. My co-worker got the Ginger Beer (non-alcoholic), it was weird, but had a good after taste.For the rest of my life, i will be comparing every piece of pork I eat to my dishes at Cochon.  This restaurant should be on your bucket list.  Meals like the one i had a cochon are the reason i can't quite make the transition to vegetarian despite multiple attempts.  We started with soup: the gumbo was the best I've had, though not the traditional flavors with pork and black eyed peas.  I got adventurous for the entree -  The smoked ham hock with baked peanuts & charred radishes.   The smokey meat fell off the bone at the slightest provocation.  The peanuts and rich sauce were perfect.  My hubby had the louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & cracklins, which he said would be his "death row last meal."  The ambiance is fun - upscale picnic tables and benches.  The service was prompt and friendly.It was perfectly fine. I don't understand the hype, but it was good. Also cheaper than most places in New Orleans.This place is so good. The beef brisket was incredibly tender and delicious. It's served with a potato, apple, and horseradish salad that blew my mind. The pork cheeks were some of the best I've ever had. Highly recommended.I have yet to go to the restuarant, but I had their Cochon de Lait at Jazz Fest and I have yet to have a better tasting sandwhich. I CANNOT wait to go to Jazz Fest this Sunday just to eat one!Unfortunately I wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. My expectations were clearly too high. I also have a rule of not going to a restaurant when it first opens, but I was so eager to try Cochon... I started off with their soup of the day, which was a smoked green tomato gaspacho... I thought it would be interesting but I was entirely disappointed with how much I didn't like it! Image, gritty and cold bbq sauce. I hate that I didn't like it. Garreth got the Rabbit and Dumplings, which was good, but I it could have been better. The highlights of the meal were the fried pimiento balls and the deviled egg gumbo. In hindsight, I wish that I ordered the Cochon, because I was at Cochon- maybe next time!This place rocks. Let my friend who is the chef kill me with food. It was a pork onslaught of the most delicious kind. After about 7 small plates I threw in the towel. I will be back soon. Very very soon. Thanks buddy. Everything was perfect & my waitress was a total sweetheart.WOW. That is all.My boy wanted to try this place  - really badly - so went there for a late lunch so we could actually get in - I don't know how far out it's booked, but would recommend making a reservation very much in advance!!!We got in right away by sitting at the bar.  Had the bartender mix us a few of the specialty drinks - ordered a few small plates to start, alligator, oyster and meat pie, shrimp with pork cheeks and boudin.  Everything was excellent - can't find any fault and the flavors were all amazing!!We also then ordered another round of different cocktails and split the louisiana cochon and a sweet potato pie with some pork in it - that was also fantastic.If you can get in - not to be missed!!  We ate our hearts out here.If you can't get in - or want a little bit cheaper option try the butcher shop next door - different menu but same kitchen.There were so many great offerings on the menu that we decided to order several big and small plates and pass them around our little group. This was an excellent choice because we got to try items that we normally wouldn't have tried. Fried Boudin: My favorite item from our order. These little balls of deliciousness are hard to describe, but they were fantastic.Smoked Ham Hock: Fantastic, meaty and incredibly delicious. The boiled peanuts on the side were a perfect combination.Fried alligator: My hubby put it best with "Tastes like chicken". I agree heartily with this description. Kind of like chicken nuggets, but a little better texture. Not really my thing and the item I liked least of our selection.Our waitress, Angie, recommended we order the grits and greens as side items. She was spot-on because they were perfect with the ham hock. I've never thought of myself as a grits person, but if all grits tasted like that I'd order them all the time. We found ourselves fighting with spoons over who got the last spoonful.We went Friday of Jazz Fest and the place was mobbed. The food came out surprisingly quickly and was DELICIOUS. 5 stars for everything.The drinks were unfortunately a very different matter. The bar was slammed and horribly understaffed. There should have been at least two bartenders and a bar back for a day like that. When it takes longer to get a beer than it takes to get an app and an entree, you know there's a problem. I hope management realizes and staffs accordingly for busy days. Otherwise, don't come thirsty!!! Atmosphere is hipster industrial - more Portland than NOLA, but nice.Wait. What? I haven't written a review on Cochon yet? Well let's see if I can remember my fantastic experience from a couple of months ago.A professor from my alma mater was in town for some research and offered to take me to dinner. Someone had told him that he should try Cochon and I hadn't been there yet so I gladly agreed.Let's see... I think we started out with Smoked Pork Ribs with Watermelon Pickle, the Mushroom Salad with Deep Fried Beef Jerky and Lemon Vinaigrette, and something else... I can't remember the third one. But everything was tasty. I wasn't thrilled about ordering the mushroom salad, but it was very good. The citrus in the vinaigrette went perfectly with the mushroom and the beef jerky was a very nice touch.For my main dish I got the cochon de lait, which was served with cracklins. The cracklins were fun but in retrospect they were nothing compared to the fresh cracklins I tried in Lafayette... But the cochon de lait was very good. I don't really care for cabbage (I know, odd for a Korean girl), but the cabbage in this dish was excellent. If my memory serves me right, I think my professor had the ham hock, and he definitely enjoyed it.I had a great time overall. The only complaint I have is that our server kept addressing just my prof and not the two of us. Don't really understand what was going on with that, but oh well.This place was recommended to us by several locals so we walked down to try it in the afternoon. We had great service and they were very gluten free friendly. The food was AMAZING! We talked about it the whole rest of the day. Definitely should be on your short list if traveling to NOLACochon was the best fancy restaurant in NOLA during my 4 day visit. (The best informal restaurant was Coop's).Trendy modern feel, on par with the most recent NYC restaurants, I'd highly recommend you visit Cochon for a dinner if you're in New Orleans. Make reservations, this place was booked even on a Wednesday night.Some of the notable dishes: wood-roasted oysters, pork cheeks and an unique take on gumbo. I wasn't as blown away by the fried alligator as other Yelpers were, but it was tasty and definitely an experience you won't be able to have in other parts of the country. Service was somewhat splotchy and inconsistent, but the food made up for it.Nice open environment. Walked in with the worst hangover of my life. We were seated at the Chef Bar, which was very awesome watching all of them move about preparing greatness. I ordered the Muscadine Ribs with Macaroni and Cheese and my husband had the Oyster and Bacon Sandwich with Macaroni and Cheese. All I can say is that I walked out of Chocons healed by their amazing Fancy Cajun Soul Food and Ice Water. The Menu is small but with plenty of options. The staff is very attentive and friendly as well as informative. We look forward to returning and enjoying more.We received complimentary Hog Head Cheese and Fresh Rolls. I do not eat Hog Head Cheese but my husband does and he said it's the best he's ever had. I know that the muscadine sauce on my fall off the bones ribs was magical.Priced fair for this type of restaurant. I suggest eating at the Bar because its super cool watching the wood burning stove and chefs in action.I was in town with my wife and a couple of friends for the New Orleans Rock n Roll half marathon. After stopping by the convention center we wanted some great food to make the run the next morning worth it. One of my friends had heard about Cochon. While we weren't able to get a reservation (it was a Saturday night after all), we were able to walk in as it was just before 5p. Hey - we were going to be running a half marathon in the morning - we needed sleep.First up, the atmosphere was just the right mix of casual and class. While I definitely felt odd wearing a hat (I'd flown in that morning (and boy were my arms tired)) and was still in my travel outfit, I didn't feel that out of place. This is definitely not a "jacket required" place.We had a conversation with the waiter who introduced us to the menu and the specials. We ordered cocktails and reviewed the menu to figure out our plan of attack.There were many, many dishes that found their way onto the table. Here's everything that I remember:Gumbo (my appetizer) - By far this was the best gumbo I'd ever had. It was a chicken and deviled egg gumbo. Now, I'd never seen a deviled egg in gumbo, but who am I to judge. The color was a wonderful dark reddish-brown. The flavor was amazing, with just the right amount of spice. It's the kind of gumbo I'd love to be able to recreate at my house.The broiled drum special (my entree) - An amazing piece of fish. Seasoned remarkably well. Just delicious.Fried alligator - Can't go wrong with fried alligator, and this certainly didn't disappoint.The oysters - OK, let's get make something perfectly clear - I don't like oysters. Can't stand them. I hate oysters. *These* oysters, however - these oysters I love. If all oysters were like this then I'd be on board. Loved the spice of the sauce they were doused with. The oysters themselves had a very nice flavor as well. All I can say is "wow".The couple of cocktails we had were good but unfortunately unremarkable. But that was the only complaint we had. Out of the 4 of us (and the 9 dishes that found their way to the table), that was the only complaint. Everyone loved their food. In fact, if they'd have been open on Sunday we'd have gone back again.This is a must stop in New Orleans.I tried rabbit and dumpling, oyster, and fried alligator meat. The best thing for me is the oyster. It's not smelly like any other places. It taste great. Fried alligator meat is a bit sticky and crunchy and of course it delicious. The rabbit meat was served in a hot small pan. It good to have that in the cold rainy day.Rabbit dumplings: divine. Fan of the fried alligator as well. The oven roasted oysters were huge and delicious (from what my partner said; i'm allergic so couldn't try them). It was packed so we weren't able to get a table, but we were perfectly content to sit at the chef's counter, which turned out to be cool since we got to see first-hand the chefs at work. Good times. Cannot wait to return.Way over rated. The ribs were dry, mac n'cheese was tasty, watermelon cucumber was refreshing, gumbo was my favorite, but nothing special.Alligator is great. Pork cheeks are the bomb. The hype and rep are well deserved!WIN!! This was our "dress up and hit the town" restaurant during a recent vacation in Nola. You should be aware though, there isn't a dress code here and as long as you have long pants on, you're golden. It's not really "fancy", though it is upscale and well-detailed. I'm positive if you showed up in shorts, you would not be turned away.The little steaming hot buns they brought before the meal, with a side of real butter - 100% perfection. Great way to start things rolling.I felt that I HAD to try the Alligator/Aioli appetizer based on the overwhelming reviews - and it was delicious as expected. Great spicy heat too! My girlfriend had a bowl of the Cream of Chicken soup - SUPERB. Nothing at Cochon is just "good", there's a little "extra" in every dish which lets you know you are in a damn incredible restaurant - not a place feeding you reheated slop fresh off the Sysco truck. She also had a side of the macaroni and cheese, which she called "the best she had ever eaten" (it was indeed amazing).Had the much-lauded rabbit and dumplings for my main dish. This was by far the weakest item on the table. Yes, it was good - but it lacked that "Cochon Edge" somehow, and tasted fairly generic. It is served straight from the oven, as hot as a dying sun. You have to wait a goodly while to even start in on it. I would suggest trying another dish than this, as it was not utterly memorable like every other aspect of the meal.For dessert - we shared a banana pudding, which was simply the best example of the dish I have ever eaten in my life. Absolutely outstanding.The portions here are not huge, really perfect for a long meal of several courses.The service was impeccable as well. An easy five stars for this stellar experience!before taking a vacation to New Orleans, this was the one place i researched before hand, and hot damn it did not disappoint. Small curated bourbon selection, amazing appetizers and the titular dish, The Cochon, is one of the finest things i have ever tasted.I cannot believe I have not written a review for this place. If I had to sum up my experience with cochon in one sentence: best food I have ever had in my life ! No offence to mom's cooking. I went there with three of my friends and we ended up ordering every every single item on the menu ( boy were we hungry!). The waiters were very helpful and explained to us what each item was as we were not very familiar with Cajun cuisine. Very appropriately this is my first review on yelp - it truly was a once in a lifetime experience here !Absolutely amazing quaint French restaurant in the Warehouse District. It's a lovely atmosphere and very efficiently run. We had the gator bites as an appetizer and were extremely impressed and knew right away that we made a good choice coming here.Our party ordered the Louisiana Cochon, the rabbit and dumplings, and the beet salad. The portions were a perfect size that left everyone full but you didn't have left overs which is perfect for being tourists. All the meals were well crafted and the service was impeccable.Experience the pig... Just without the pig!On the day we arrived in New Orleans, we felt that we should take an opportunity to try some of the finest places that the city had to offer. In a jet lagged, exhausted daze, we deferred our judgement to Yelp and found that Cochon was just a few minute walk from our hotel. We were starving and Yelp warned us that there may be a line, but we decided to give it a shot anyway. We lucked out and were seated pretty quickly. Just 15 minutes later, the place began to fill up and it looked like most people had to wait at least an hour. If you have the opportunity, I'd highly recommend making a reservation. You might not be as lucky as we were!We started the evening off with a couple of cocktails and an order off the deep fried alligator. The name of my cocktail is escaping me, but it was made with cinnamon syrup, brandy, whiskey, and orange bitters. It was mind-bogglingly good. I had to savor it or else it would disappear too quickly, but the complexity was absolutely amazing. The cinnamon was prominent, but not overbearing. I could easily down about 6 or 7 of these bad boys.As most people have stated below, the deep fried gator is a star. It's young and tender, and the crust is crispy and not too greasy. The chili aioli that it's smothered in packs quite a punch, but holy god is it bangin'. For the main entree, I went with the rabbit and dumplings. While it wasn't quite as amazing as the gator, it was still very delicious. I think i would have enjoyed it a lot more had it not been 1000 degrees outside because it was incredibly heavy. Maybe I'll go back at Christmas time and give it another shot. The girlfriend went with the pork belly and, while I can't eat it myself, she didn't make a peep during the entire dinner (other than a few moans).The chocolate peanut butter pie that we ordered for dessert was on a whole 'nother level of gluttony. It wasn't really my style, but the girlfriend absolutely adored it.All in all, Cochon lived up to the hype. I'll definitely hit it up again next time I'm in NOLA.Had my first meal in New Orleans here and was a great introduction to some local flavors. Got to try many unique dishes that I can't get back home in New York such as fried alligator and Cochon.I absolutely hate writing bad reviews, but I feel like this negative review is more than warranted. First of all, the food was wonderful. We weren't terribly hungry and it was early, so we split a selection of appetizers/sides. Mac and cheese, alligator, boudin, and ribs. All wonderful.However, I received the rudest service I have ever received in my life at Cochon. First of all, I had a two year old with me. I knew ahead of time that this restaurant was not kid-friendly, so we made plans to come early. My daughter is exceptionally well-behaved at restaurants, so I wasn't concerned. We didn't make a reservation because I didn't think I would need one at 4:00 on a Thursday. There was one other table occupied when we arrived and two more groups arrived while we were eating. I don't think we were that much of an inconvenience, rude hostess. When I told her we didn't have a reservation she rolled her eyes and snapped at me. I almost left at that point, but I really wanted to try this place. Our waiter started off a little snappy with us, but warmed up as the meal went on. The backwaiter/runner was the main problem. He brought me a beer and slammed it down so hard on the table that it foamed over. He slammed all of our plates down on the table and caused the watermelon relish on the ribs to splatter all over my white shirt. He did all of this without saying a word. No apology, no response when I asked him questions, not even eye-contact. He was appallingly rude.I do not know if it was the lack of a reservation or the presence of a toddler that was impetus for their behavior, but it was uncalled for.Good food and service... Yada yada. Broiled Oysters are a must, I had the rabbit and dumplings it was good but nothing outstanding and wife had grilled catfish which was lightly seasoned and tasted great.The food was fabulous. The service was meh. Try the pork cheeks with lima beans. You will not be disappointed. Also had the Louisiana blue crab. I wanted to try the desert but I was so full (not in a bad stuffy way). The Sazerac was out of this world. For the taste, quality of ingredients, it's a bargain. Atmosphere was pretty laid back, but again, service was not that great. The waitress took a long time to take our order and she seemed as if she were having a bad day even though the restaurant had just opened.The Oyster & Bacon Sandwich was fantastic! 5/5Friend Alligator with chili garlic aioli was decent. The sauce was really good, but the alligator was a bit dry. It kind of tasted like a pork chop. 4/5A good place for lunch near-ish the convention center.For those who didn't know, like my friends and I, there are two Cochon restaurants. The more upscale place is just Cochon's where it's more dressy. Then right next door is Cochon's Butcher. This was my first time trying out this place, hence why we didn't know there was two restaurants. By the time we realized it was next door we had already sat down and was browsing the menu. It wasn't a bad idea at all to try out this place. The alligator appetizer was amazing! The boudin was okay to me, but the side dish of twiced baked stuffed potato was heaven! I've never had such a delicious side dish of potato. We ordered a bunch of small dishes and a single entree of rabbit and dumpling. My friends loved the entree, but I'm not a person who loves soup like dishes. But for what it was it was pretty decent to me. I think we were happy campers with doing the family style dining. We were stuffed as can be! Our total was around 69 and a heads up that they do up to 4 separate payments but absolutely no split checks. I believe that's what it said in the menu when you order or it was on the receipt. It'll be a while before I go back there again seeing as the cost is a bit much.  I will definitely hit up Cochon's Butcher nest time! As I am dying to try one of their sandwiches which I've heard so much about.This was the place that my small group of friends and I ate at together on a special birthday weekend trip to NOLA.We ordered all of the appetizers and having lived in the South for a few years, I can easily say it was the best alligator I have ever had.  None of the appetizers were less than great!I had the rabbit as my entree.  This was my first time with that ingredient but I have to tell you it was amazing!  The bacon oyster sandwich was great too.If you are in town and can get a reservation, go here!Dear God....THIS FOOD. Everything we ordered was delicious. I can't wait to go to back to New Orleans for another dinner at Cochon.We went the small plate route after speaking to adjacent diners. The Wood-Fire Oyster Roast was 6 oysters cooked in the shell with a garlic butter - really wonderful. And the mac and cheese side was baked with a crusty top and very good.My husband ordered the pork cheeks which were terrific. He also had the boucherie plate which had a panchetta, potted pork pate, headcheese and some great pork cubes. The headcheese was just average but the rest was very good. We had the chocolate malted cake and it was good with malted filling. But there was way too much frosting. They should pour a light ganache over the top and not have an inch of thick buttercream. Then it would have been excellent.Also, they have a selection of 4 rootbeers which was a nice change of pace. Try the Abita.I was at the Convention Center for the NFL Experience and found this place only a few blocks away.Since I didnt have any reservation, and the place was packed during the Super Bowl week, I had to wait for an hour for a table.  But it was so worth it.  I ordered the roast oysters and alligator for apps and Bugs Bunny for my main entree.  All three dishes were amazing.  I had alligators before and this is the best so far for me.  The Oyster was so good that I ordered another one.  As for Mr Rabbit, this is my first time that I tried and it's a great choice.  Now I have something to compare to in the future.  All in all, a great dining experience in New Orleans for me.  I don't want to know how many pounds I gained during the Super Bowl week.  P90X, here I come.Best food we ate while in NOLA.  My favorite were the wood fired oysters. Omg. Amazing! Served so hot I burned my fingers! Worth it. We also looooooved the egg plant and shrimp dressing. Creamy, hot, new and interesting! The Mac and cheese and smothered greens were awesome too! Man! I'll be dreaming of this food until next time.Loved Cochon.  Great menu with original choices. Only chose starters to enjoy more variety.I went to this place when it was not very busy.This restaurant is clean and has a very attentive staff. The food was excellent! I ordered the BBQ smoked ribs and a Mac and cheese plate and both were delicious! My food was ready within minutes.Delicious from broiled oysters through the finest pulled pork I have eaten.  Highly recommended.  Appropriately priced as well--not always a truism for the hot place to eat.Very good. Had the oyster & meat pie to start and their signature pork dish for the main dish. The service was exceptional.We really enjoyed this restaurant. We arrived for a late lunch, and the  restaurant was quite busy, so it's not exactly a well-kept secret. We enjoyed each dish we tried, but especially liked the cochon and the pork head tamale were fantastic. Hubby's old-fashion cocktail was his favorite from our weeklong trip.Had a great dinner here. No reservations and even on a Tuesday at 6:30 there was a decent crowd so we sat at the chefs table by the kitchen. Alligator bites were great. I ha the rabbit and dumplings which was phenomenal. The rabbit was extremely tender, the dumplings were awesome and the gravy was really rich. A surprise was the side dishes. We had the broccoli and Mac and cheese. The broccoli was unreal. I would highly recommend for dinner and I want to try their other location down the street - Cochon Butcher.Wow!! Food was delicious! Staff was really cool & the venue was posh, 1 of the welcoming signs says: In Lard We Trust... need I say moreThis was a great choice for a BroTrip that had 10 guys arriving from all over the US. We were promptly seated for our 8:00 Friday reservation and they easily accommodated us picnic table style. We ordered pitchers for the group (get the Voodoo) and believe me, this is beer drinking food. Great tasting and good for group starters are the alligator, oyster roast, and boudin...balls. I could have just had those 3 items for dinner. We ended up ordering 2 of the alligator and 3 of the oysters and boudin. When was the last time you had this trio of foods to start a meal? As for entrees, I had to go with the namesake Cochon. The presentation was great, a fat disc of pork nestled on cabbage and turnips with some cracklins sprinkled on top. However I found the cochon to be too heavy on the salt. Think NYC street pretzel with more salt added on. I tried some of the bacon and oyster sandwich and found that to be less salty than the cochon. My friends who tried my dish agreed. Well, I drank more beer as a result so that's a positive but the cochon could have benefited from a less heavy hand when it came to salting. I also tried some of the rabbit dumplings and found them to be very savory. The oyster and bacon sandwich was hearty and guilty-delicious. What I mean by guilty-delicious is that I could picture myself eating those sandwiches several times a week, knowing that it's really bad for you health wise, but continuing to gulp it down my maw while getting mayo/grease on my face from wiping away tears of joy between bites. I would most likely be shirtless the whole time as well.Service was great and aside from the salty cochon, we all had a great food experience here at Cochon.I don't know why everyone hasn't given this a five star review. Then I realized, as other Yelpers point out, Cochon means pig in French. If you don't like pork, this is definitely not the place for you.If you eat pork, run to Cochon. Cochon also owns and runs Cochon Butcher next door. So they butcher not only their own meats, but they make a lot of their own products as well. (The woman next to me ate so much of their sweet potato halapeño sauce she was sweating bullets.) Everything was extremely tasty. It's very southern, very cajun, but nothing is extremely traditional. They have catfish (awesome) and alligator and gumbo, but it's all very very well done. (I'm told the catfish dish is the best hangover cure in NO!) Prices were extremely reasonable, and I had room for dessert, after which I was extremely well fed!In a huge selection of great restaurants to pick from in NO, I would definitely come back!Had Cochon last night and it was SLAP YO MAMMA GOOD!!!Great. Staff and management were professional, fun, and courteous. Celebrated my birthday by coming back to the BUTCHER SHOP the next day and I SLAPPED SOMEONE on the way out b/c it was so good!!!! Thanks for the great food.Top notch Cajun food, service, and cocktails. Upscale, but casual hipsterish environement, moderately reasonable price. This was my second time dining here and this time came with a really large party (13) which I recommend since there are so many things to try here. Even with this big party the service was on point, and the waiter was friendly even with our complicated split of the bill. Pork cheek taurine over pickled onions was probably my favorite dish. Great crispy texture, tenderish insides, and good balance with the onions. Small portion, good enough to warrant ordering 2 if your party is bigger than 2.Wood-fired oyster roast also something you should not leave without trying. Chili garlic butter sauce with a splash of lime on it not overly spicy either.Oyster and bacon sandwich. Simple, but definitely done right and enjoyable. Thinly sliced toungue was surprisingly good.The ham hoc, signature Cochon, rabbit & dumplings, and black drum (on special), were all solid, but I found that the smaller plates generally were more satisfying than the entrees. So I'd recommend maybe splitting an entree and loading up on  small plates. TIP: not on the menu but you can order some pork cracklins (like the one served on the cochon) to snack on while waiting for your food comes right out.Fabulous food. Pork cheeks were amazing and so was the cochon entree.The only thing that put a damper on the meal was the service.  Very slow service, else the restaurant would have gotten higher ratingMake a reservation as there was a large queue and we got to the front cause we booked beforehandI tried to get a reservation here once before during Mother's Day weekend and it was impossible, so during a return trip I made it a point to get a reservation and try this restaurant.  Firstly I was surprised at the decor which was kind of upscale with unique chairs and tables.  The servers were absolutely wonderful meaning they were warm and engaging, and helpful with the menu without being in your face.  The bar didn't have the usual liquors but local or uncommon small company brands.  For dinner, I had the wood fired roasted oysters, mushroom salad and rabbit and dumplings along with a house chardonnay.  The oysters were fabulous, the mushroom salad was unique and savory complete with their own fried beef jerky and the rabbit and dumplings were beyond reproach.  Most memorable was the staff that exemplified New Orleans dedication to service and hospitality.You need to go to this restaurant!!!!Over priced small plates and filled with hipsters.  Cocktails and the fresh yeast rolls were great and thats about it.  Nothing else was memorable.Excuse me while I slip into my fat pants...This was, hands down, one of the best meals I've ever had. On the recommendation of my daughter, who has friends that work at Cochon, our entire meal consisted of appetizers, salad and small plates, so I can't comment on entrees.Pork cheeks and mushrooms over a bed of grits? Decadent and worthwhile of an entree version, since I could have lost myself in it. Fried alligator with a chili aioli? 3 stars, just because alligator tends to taste like whatever you might coat it in. But, since I was with an out of towner that never had alligator before, it was a must.Mixed salad with peanut vinaigrette? I wasn't sure how I would like it, but it was refreshing and quirky.Louisiana Cochon? What can go wrong with pulled pork that is formed into a patty and crisped, served over a bed of turnips and cabbage and topped with peaches? Not a single thing. I don't even like turnips - or at least I didn't until today. I wish there had been more peaches or larger pieces of peaches, but that would just be nitpicking.Dessert? The banana pudding was glorious and my dining companion said he is going back tonight just to have it again before leaving town. The apple crumb cake with cheddar cheese ice cream was the only disappointment. The cake was wonderful, but I just couldn't get past the sharpness of the ice cream. We scooted it off to the side and enjoyed the cake with the general consensus being that sometimes less is more and a plain old vanilla bean ice cream would have been a perfect topping.Reasonable wine, tangy mimosas and coffee that's as strong as I make at home.There's nothing not to like about this place except for the fact that it's a bit expensive to make it a regular dining spot. Well, that and the fact that I'd gain 30 pounds and probably have a coronary with a month. But for a treat for out of towners, it was just right.I came into Cochon with my starving girlfriends after a swamp tour around 6 pm on Thursday. We didn't make reservations because we weren't sure when we would end our tour so we ended up waiting nearly 40 mins for a table. After we finally sat down, we ordered tons of food. For the appetizers we ordered the fried alligator, chargrilled oysters with chili garlic sauce, stuffed artichoke with crab, a sideof mac and cheese, and the fried livers on toast. The appetizers were probably the best part of the meal and we were fans of all the dishes except the stuffed artichoke due to the toughness of the artichoke leaves. It was our first time eating alligator and surprisingly, it was pretty delicious but that's probably due to the way Cochon prepared the dish. For the main dishes we ordered the cochon which is similar to a fried pulled pork patty over cabbage, rabbit and dumplings and the braised pork cheeks. Personally, I liked the rabbit and dumplings best because the cochon was a little too salty for us and the braised pork cheeks were just okay.Overall, the food was good and very rich, which made it difficult to eat as much as I wanted. We were so stuffed from the appetizers that we couldn't even finish the main courses. I hope to come back to Cochon the next time I return to New Orleans!We definitely lucked out with this place being literally next to the hotel we're staying at in New Orleans.Super super lunch date at Cochon today.     I would not recommend this place unless you really like pork.   There are some dishes without pork on the menu, but the menu definitely favors my oinky friends.  Even the bread is made with lard.  The bread they give at the beginning of the meal is simple, but delicious.  We had the pork gumbo (a little salty, but still delish), the whole fish (fisherman's style), and the pineapple upside down cake for dessert.  Definitely save room for dessert.  We literally licked the plate clean.Our server was attentive, but not annoying, he recommended a different hot sauce to try with the fish and it did not disappoint.  Spicy and yummmm.Go early.  We went around 11:15-11:30 and did not have a problem being seated, however, after we arrived, we noticed people piling in, and by the time we were leaving there were a lot of people waiting.  On a side note, they will not let you have separate checks (not sure why).  However, they will allow you to put separate amounts on different credit cards (not sure how this is different than separate checks, but whatev.)    We normally try to not go to the same restaurant twice while on vacation, but this restaurant may deserve an exception :)The food speaks for itself and the whiskey cocktail paired well with the gator and cochon!!Walked over for a quick, late lunch after visiting the Ogden Museum. Great atmosphere. Wonderful mix of music piped in ... old country + rock + blues.Service was incredible ... had a lot of different servers making sure I was well taken care of.Had the bouchiere plate plus the braised pork cheeks. Amazing and wonderful. Hoghead cheese had an interesting mix of herbs in it. Cheeks with feta and apples and a small cake were a joy.As I was planning my trip to New Orleans, adding Cochon to my list of places to eat at and what I was going to eat got my heart pounding. As soon as they opened their door at 11am, my friend and I were there! This is my where I had my first meal in the Big Easy and boy was it special.  I started off with the fried alligator. I've never had alligator before and I remember watching Real World - New Orleans almost a decade ago and their swamp tour guide told the roommates that alligator tastes just like chicken - it doesn't! I'd say it's more like shrimp. The chili garlic aioli that lightly coats the fried gator was just fabulous! My friend had the wood-fired oysters and she couldn't stop talking about them.I love meat so I had to pick the meatiest item on the menu. For entree, I had the Louisiana Cochon - a patty of juicy pulled pork surrounded by cabbage topped with cracklins. Easily the best meal I've had in a long time. The chefs behind this place are simply brilliant!I'm glad that I had my first New Orleanian meal here. My expectations were exceeded. My dining experience at Cochon was absolutely unique, memorable and to die for. I don't think any great chef can duplicate what Cochon has done. You just have to keep coming back here.By the way, drink refills aren't free.For starters, we ordered the Fried Alligator, Charred Okra and Cane Glazed Pork Cheeks. Anything fried in my book is a thumbs up so the alligator was good but nothing to write home about (I'm not sure what this says about my palette but it tasted the same as the fried alligator I tried at a county fair...). The chilli in the aioli gives a nice kick in your mouth and makes this starter move up a notch. Pork cheek is not a meat I gravitate towards when I'm given a handful of choices but I enjoyed it with the mushrooms and grits. I'm glad I tried this. The okra was my favorite though. It had a nice blend of savory sauces.Then for the entree we shared the Louisiana Cochon which was a massive portion! This is also one of their more popular entrees and I can see why.  The texture of the meat with the cracklins and then the flavors of the peaches, cabbage and turnips all just went well together.This was a fantastic meal!My friend insisted we come here with him. He'd already visited Couchon about 3 times that week. The waitress knew him by that point. And the kitchen sent over a platter for us to enjoy compliments of the house! Great start!Nice glasses of wine. GREAT waitress. She was so well informed and educated about everything on the menu and was really patient with my questions. I opted for her choice of the rabbit stew. It was fantastic. My friend ordered at least 5 other dishes that I sampled from, all of it quite tasty. If you are looking for classy, good service, with some well-imagined cuisine stop here!P.S I'm not a pork fan, so rest assured there are other items to pick from if you too aren't too keen on piggies!We had lunch here, and it was ok. I had the oyster and meat pie, which tasted very good. The boudin balls were also very tasty. The fried alligator was excellent, and the gumbo was good. No complaints.Very impressed with the food quality, and taste. Definitely would go back again.Fabulous food, shared a few of the appetizers, the pork cheeks are amazing, the shrimp were delicious and the pork belly salad was absolutely phenomenal. A definite must if u are in New Orleans!I've wanted to eat at Cochon for a long time.  My only regret is having waited so long.This place has a trendy but extremely comfortable atmosphere.  The staff was very polite and knowledgeable, and the menu had a lot of really great choices that were hard to decide on.  The food was amazing.  I had the special, a crispy pork belly and it was perfect with some really wonderful flavors going on.  The bar was very laid-back with a very impressive selection.  This restaurant is now one of my all-time favorites.If you don't eat pork, you probably shouldn't go here. Sure, the catfish courtbouillion is okay, and their macaroni and cheese is fine (and similarly pork-free), but there isn't much else on the menu you'll be able to eat. Even the bread is made with an old family recipe that uses pork fat for shortening. I should note that the grits were delicious and almost sweet, and also pork free. I think the only other entree that I pork free is a fish served fisherman style. No one at my table got that though so I cannot comment on it. If you DO eat pork, this could be your favorite restaurant in NOLA. I went with a big group and everyone who got pork seemed quite pleased, many making the trek to their sister sandwich shop for more piggy goodness. Service was great, and they were careful to advise us about the meat content of things given that we had some real vegetarians in our midst. I won't be back, but if you're looking for a medium priced fancy pig-based meal, you should go!Food is really good. If you have never tried alligator then I would get this appetizer, if you have tried it in the past then skip it, although it was cooked well alligator in general lacks in taste. That being said mine had a large hair in it that I discovered after two bites and I sent it back without getting a replacement. It was a busy Friday night about 10pm and our drink order came after our appetizers arrived so they comped them. The Cochon was really good but I wish they had more choices rather than just pulled pork, mind you it was very good.We went for lunch. The shrimp and cochon were amazing and the ham hock was fall off the bone delicious. Cocktails were also spot on. I would love to say it was an all around great experience since the food was so good, but we got the distinct impression that our waiter didn't want to be there. We had to ask for bread, another table setting, were never told the specials and when asked for a desert menu it was literally tossed at us. Fortunately another waiter stepped in for part of the service and saved the day. Reluctantly recommended. Maybe it was an off day.When a business has 1200 reviews you suspect that whether that place is an overrated touristic hot spot or a decent restaurant. I would say it is somewhere in the middle.When a business has 1200 reviews, you know that you cannot make a difference by writing all of your impressions or recommendations. However I still think that some of the reviews on Yelp are not accurate.Me and my husband went to Cochon on January 3rd, during lunch time. I called the place on January 2nd to make a reservation (by the way their online reservation system is really working), someone called me back in 5 minutes to shout at me they are fully booked. I felt offended but acted maturely and called them on the following day once more because I was curious about what makes 1200 reviewers to write about this place. We arrived to Cochon at 11:30 am. Half of the tables were empty at that time and we could choose our seat. At around 12:15 pm, there was a line in front of the door. We tried fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise, wood-fired oysters with chili garlic butter,cucumbers & herbs in vinegar, rabbit & dumplings and eggplant & shrimp dressing. Every item we tried from the appetizers and salads menu was delicious. Rabbit and dumplings was a disappointment. Dumplings were not dumplings but pieces of breads. The rabbit was in a casserole and there were more carrots than rabbits in that dish. Do you want to pay $21 to eat cooked carrot with bread? My feelings about eggplant & shrimp dressing are also mixed. The shrimps were way too dominant, we could not even finish this dish.All in all, I am still curious about why this place is way too popular. Tastes were fine but not unique!The food here was delicious and Cochon is worthy of your restaurant list in New Orleans.  Meat is the focus of the menu, so be ready for protein.  Our group of four foodies ordered cocktails before dinner and most of us went for beer or wine for the main course.The wait staff is friendly and efficient.  They seem to slip effortlessly around the cozy table arrangement.It's a bit outside of the French Quarter, but that walk will do you good.  In the late afternoon and early evening the sun is hitting the windows, giving some night light inside.  A few folks were taking advantage of the sidewalk seating, even in March!Around the corner is the butcher shop where you can get your own cuts for cooking as well as logo apparel.I was so excited to dine here! When I moved to New Orleans, this restaurant was highly recommended for their menu, and they were all right! The food was fantastic!! I had the boucherie and just couldn't get enough! I went with about 6 friends, all of whom had never been there before either. The small plates were exactly that, small. Some were smaller than others. Never the less, they were all delicious.The only thing that really disappointed us was the service. Reservations were at 8pm, we didn't get seated until 8:30. Meanwhile, this was the same place that gave us strict instructions on what time to arrive and how being late would result in a charge penalty. The bartenders didn't smile, weren't friendly, and seemed as if they were being forced to work. No thank you, no have a great dinner...nothing! Table service was horrible too. He sped through everyone's order, moving on to the next person before the previous one had finished ordering. This was our first time here so naturally, we all had questions. Well, he seemed to have been really annoyed with having to answer them. Once the food was served, we didn't see him or anyone else until it was time to pick up the plates. I had to call over two separate servers to bring me more toast because the first one completely forgot. I will go eat there again, I just hope the service improves because it really makes a difference on whether or not I will give it a 3rd visit.Excellent SERVICE and amazing food & drink. Staff was attentive and personable! Would highly recommend this spot!Cool place. Close quarters but still a fun atmosphere. The brisket was good, the rabbit was better, and the Boudin Balls were phenomenal. We also ordered some moonshine flights. I'd recommend them to those who like whiskey. The place smells like heaven. I'd go back.Best gumbo I've had. Great pork cheek too. It really doesn't matter what u get, YOU SHOULD JUST GO HEREIf what Chefs Donald Link and Stephen Stryjewski cook at Cochon is reflective of authentic, Louisiana cuisine, then I want to eat Louisiana food for the rest of my life.Located inside a former warehouse, the interior is a wonderful combination of rustic and modern, with plenty of wood, exposed bricks, and large glass jars. The overall vibe is convivial and welcoming, and the open kitchen certainly adds to that lively atmosphere.For drinks, I tried Tin Roof Brewery Voodoo Bengal ($5), which is a nice American Ale with a rich, hoppy taste, and a slightly sweet, caramel-like aftertaste. Nola Brewery Hurricane Saison ($5) is a wonderful Belgian-style farmhouse ale, with a nice balance of malts and hops.The food. Ah, the food! Where should I start? The idea behind the restaurant is to honor a Cajun tradition of whole-pig boucherie. The pig is served smoked, pressed, cured, and shredded, with dishes that manage to be both inventive and respectful of the tradition. But there's a lot more than just a pigfest at Cochon.Among the small dishes, the baked artichoke-stuffed crab ($12) was flavorful and delicate, and the chicken and andouille gumbo ($6) rich and earthy.But the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli ($10) was just fantastic! Perfectly fried, the morsels of alligator were surprisingly juicy and tender[1]. A revelation.For entree, the braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, goat feta and pears ($12) were as good as they sound, with the sauerkraut and pears providing a nice, tart contrast to the rich, almost sweet pork cheeks.The Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, and cracklins ($23) is slow-stewed suckling pig served as a crisp, delicious patty.Dinner for two came down to $95, all included. A real bargain for the best dining experience of my dreadfully short visit to NOLA. Can't wait to come back and try the fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast!--------------------[1] Compared to other places, Cochon uses only alligator shank for this dish.My week in NOLA changed my great food city ranking system. In terms of American rankings for great food cities, New Orleans is number one, New York is number two, and San Francisco is number 272. It is totally overrated by clueless transplants from the middle of nowhere that grew up on salted paper sandwiches. New Orleans brings a unique blend of flair and flavor to each of their signature dishes. The same applies to the dishes at Cochon. From start to finish, my meal here with my coworkers was amazing. As we approached the restaurant, we could see the line was long. But this place is so worth the wait. Sort of like a really good looking girl you meet at church who is finally willing to... Okay. Moving along now.For starters, we all had the wood fired oysters. Yum. We also had braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potatoes cakes, apple sauce, and goat feta. It was weird, felt different, and I probably wouldn't do it again. But there was nothing wrong with it and still enjoyable. Sort of like making out with your cousin in law at a family party.But the highlight of the appetizers had to be the fried alligator with garlic chili aioli. This was amazing. I had never had alligator before. I now know what I have been missing my whole life. Sort of like the first time I had sex without a condom.Before my meal, I also had a bowl of their pork and "black eyed pea" gumbo. It was "Fergalicious." Wow. That was a terrible joke. Just shoot me with an elephant tranquilizer right now.For my main course, I had an amazing dish called Lousiana Cochon. It was like carnitas on crack that is also on a steroid cycle. All my coworkers ordered different meat entrees. But in the end, nobody beats my meat.For dessert, we all shared a Chocolate Caramel Peanut Brittle Ice Cream Bar. Big name. Big flavor. Big belly.Mediocre writing and horrible jokes aside, if you are in New Orleans, please visit this place. You'll quickly learn why when it comes to food cities, New Orleans puts up a fight with New York and totally puts San Francisco to shame.Trust.Do I really need to review a place that has close to 250 reviews with an average of 4 star rating? Will my review be lost in the sea of 5 star reviews? It doesn't matter, I need to spread the word. Cochon, run by the famed chef Donald Link - a James Beard award winner - is a must visit when you are in New Orleans. The food is both delectable and innovative. Deep fried rabbit livers anyone? While you are at it, why don't you try the fried pigs ears with cane syrup mustard, and the paneed pork cheeks with peanuts?I had to try a couple of cocktails after reading their specialty cocktail list. Started with The Boss Hog - Jr. Johnson's midnight moon Carolina Moonshine, cucumber vodka, fresh watermelon juice, and limeade. Summer was served in a cocktail glass. I then moved on to Catahoula Hound Dog  - Citadell gin, lemon bitters, homemade blueberry syrup, and muddled lime. Summer came again, this time in my pants (oops, excuse me!). They also have five kinds of root beer, 15 Bourbons, and a variety of beers. I wanted to try everything on the menu. However, I left my spare stomach at home, so I had to settle for only a few items. Started off with the fried rabbit livers. Deep fried rabbit livers served on toast smeared with pepper jelly. Utterly divine! This set the stage for a great meal to follow.I then ordered the wood fired oysters. Oysters on the half shell roasted in a wood even, sprinkled with a spicy (chilli?) oil. Good lord! Perfect blend of the oyster saltiness with spiciness of the sprinkled oil. At this point I decided to forgo entrees and order more appetizers. My dining companions ordered different items from the entree list. Next orders for me were the fried alligator and tomato stuffed with crab. Tossed in chili garlic aioli, the fried alligator was consumed in about 2 minutes flat. Scrumptious! The crab stuffed tomato - half a beefsteak tomato stuffed with crabmeat, drizzled with garlic pullman and roasted in a wood oven. Simple yet delectable. Two of my dining companions ordered the famous rabbit with dumplings. It is served in a cast iron pan. Hearty and filling, this is a must for any rabbit meat lover. I also tasted the fired pigs ears and paneed pork cheeks. made me wish I had a second stomach like a cow so I can store all this deliciousness. Greedy much?There was no room for dessert after this wonderful meal. I will save it for the next visit. Service was spot on. We never felt rushed or neglected.Places like Cochon make me believe in the art of great food. Cheers to chef Donald Link.Worth a visit. Staff has a little attitude.  Oysters with chili butter and rib appetizers were delicious. Couchon with cabbage was savory without being greasy.Today, a coworker and I tried to go to Cochon BUTCHER for lunch, but the crowd in there was OBSCENE at 1pm (consider that my mini-review of Butcher), so we went next door to regular ol' Cochon.I have to say, it was pretty freakin' good! The prices are not the cheapest for lunch (b/c they basically use the dinner menu all day), but the food is delicious! I didn't mind a little splurge, all things considered.First thing's first: THE ROLLS. Oh my Lord, the rolls! Imagine the little ready-to-bake dinner rolls your mother made you when you were a kid (only in my mother's case, they were the rolls she used to BURN for me when I was a kid) . . . now imagine they are NOT the cheap & dirty variety, and that they are really squishy and doughy. Can you say CRACK? I couldn't, because my mouth was full.Our server was precious (and just my type . . . tall and fuzzy! He got a good tip for being eye candy). I knew I wanted to order the poached yard egg with roasted mushrooms & grits, but when I asked the cute little server if that would be enough, he said a side of macaroni & cheese casserole would probably be a good idea. So I went with that.The poached egg with roasted mushrooms & grits = UH-MAZING. My only complaint is that they literally drowned it in green onions, and not being an onion fan at all, I had to spend a great deal of time picking them off with my fork (I just couldn't handle it . . . there were so many! It was embarrassing, but yes, I'm that picky. To a debilitating degree.). Once I got the green onion situation under control, the dish was decadent and delicious. That yolk was bright yelllow and pretty runny, which is fine with me. I'm sure they would customize that if you like a firmer yolk, but you would have to specify. The grits were more like a grit cake, and the mushrooms were layered underneath the egg. The whole thing was topped off with something resembling a meuniere sauce. My cute little server overestimated the size of my stomach, so I ended up having to box up almost all of the macaroni & cheese casserole . . . but not before having a quick bite! Holy flippin' YUM. I know they use cheddar in there, but there are other cheeses in there I couldn't quite identify, but added a fantastic bite to the dish! Portions are small, but filling. I could have made a meal out of either one of my choices today. Once you factor in the crack-filled rolls, that is.I walked in for dinner and got a seat by the kitchen station.  For a foodie like me, that's like sitting in the front row of a Knicks game, watching the masters of their craft work their magic just a few feet in front of me.  And this is about as good as it gets for a meat restaurant.  If you are a vegetarian you should avoid this restaurant.  Starting with the Honysuckle Rose cocktail with honeysuckle infused vodka, I was in heaven.  The ham and black-eyed pea gumbo was phenomenal.  The beef pot roast tasted like rib-eye steak and came with horseradish potato salad that rocked my world.  The last time I was here, I tried the fried alligator and can still remember how good it was.  If you like meat, go eat here.A modern twist of Cajun/Creole Southern dining. Cochon is simply delicious.Using the local meats of Louisiana along with other must haves ingredients, Cochon offers a variety of mouthwatering dishes. Fried Alligator with a Chili Garlic Aioli SauceSmoked Beef Brisket with Horseradish Potato SaladSmothered Duck Leg with Dirty Rice DressingJust the names of these dishes is enough to make the mouth water.The restaurant is set in a warehouse with a rustic, contemporary decor. Exceptional food paired with excellent service puts Cochon on my list of top restaurants to check out while staying in NOLA.Hey Jack:  delightful. Just lovely, nowhere near as busy tasting as it sounds.  Mushroom salad? Beautiful. Cured fish plate was good,  Could have done without the pickled herring, really.  Smothered greens were fantastic. Service was excellent. No regrets!I had of course heard a lot about this place.. and it was on the top of my list to check out while I was in town for a long weekend. Ended up coming here for lunch--this was after waking up at 5am for an early flight. So while I may have started to feel a little loopy after a beer and a half, this did not distract or detract from the quality of the meal or the entire experience of my first meal of the trip. What we ordered:Oven roasted oystersRoasted carrotsArugula SaladSauteed shrimpCochon entreeEverything was delicious. Service was was wonderful, and quick even though it was clearly a busy spot. Highly recommend.Cochon, noun. 1. Any wild or domestic even-toed ungulate (family Suidae) that is a stout-bodied, short-legged omnivore, with thick, sparsely bristled skin, a long mobile snout, small tail, and hooves with two functional and two nonfunctional digits. 2. A superb restaurant out on Tchoupitoulas. 3. Me after eating at said restaurant.Pigs are the best. Best to eat, I mean, so it follows that I would love a restaurant named after them. Especially a restaurant helmed by Donald Link, a San Francisco chef, who brings that unmistakable SF polish to southern food. And what food! We ordered SO MUCH. Fried rabbit livers with pickled onions and pepper jelly on crostini, check. Artichoke & crab stuffed crab, check. Gumbo, check. Zucchini and summer squash ribbons with vinaigrette, feta, and walnuts, check. The aptly named cochon (think Southern carnitas), check. Smoked hock with red beans and rice, check. Everything was exquisite. I can't even describe more than that - exquisite is just about the only word to cover every single dish that came out of that kitchen. So screw Emeril. Screw Paul Prudhomme. Screw all the other stupid celebrity chefs and their stupid celebrity chef restaurants. They can all shove it, because they are not Donald Link and they do not head up Cochon.I felt bad for my one vegetarian friend who was in town for our friend's bachelor party. New Orleans is a dynamite food city, but it's not exactly a vegetarian's paradise. Throughout the weekend, his diet consisted of red beans and rice, beignets, burritos and Subway...but his best meal undoubtedly came at a placed named for pig.  That exemplifies the food generally at Cochon--everything whether meat or veg was locally inspired, unique, and delicious.At first I was a little skeptical b/c the place looked and felt trendy. It was packed on a saturday night and there was a pretty lively bar scene. Locals, families, young professionals, southern belles and bobs, and our merry group of 9 made up for a pretty diverse clientele, and we all enjoyed Cochon's equally diverse drink list. Then my skepticism quickly disappeared once the food started arriving.It all started with one of the greatest dinner rolls I've ever had the pleasure to begin a meal with--these warm, soft, pillowy, and complimentary clouds were literally glistening, and our group of nine went through at least 5 baskets worth. Then came our appetizers: first, fried gator with chili garlic aioli.  In all my life, I had never tasted gator and then one weekend in NOLA and I had it twice. Cochon's version was similar to a rock shrimp tempura with chili mayo appetizer that you'd find in a lot of japanese restaurants...except that gator doesn't taste like shrimp but a combination of frog and chicken. The gator was fried crispy and there was a good enough chunk of meat--a perfect balance of familiarity and exotic meat. The onion and grit casserole was really creamy but my veg friend could probably tell you more as he wolfed most of it down. Also, we got our first taste of "cochon" through the fried boudin balls. These had the size and appearance of falafel, and were meaty and starchy at the same time as they had a flavorful combo of what i think was sausage and rice. Finally came the piece de resistance: Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage and cracklins. The way our waitress described it, the cochon was pulled pork that was shaped together, seared and pan fried to create a crispy texture on the outside.  To me, it was a hockey puck full of juicy, crispy, succulent strands of pork. The accompanying turnips and cabbage livened up the dish and provided me with my only serving of vegetable that day. But the pork, combined with perfectly crunchy cracklins (is there any better word for food than cracklin?) clearly took home the bacon: an inspired signature dish for an amazing restaurant devoted to pig. One that even a vegetarian would enjoy.When I heard the name Cochon my minded wandered into pig heaven, what a wonderful name for a restaurant. They even have an eatery named Butcher Cochon. Well we choose Cochon for dinner our second night in Nawlins, and we wouldn't be disappointed. The following is a rundown on what we ate and drank: Cajun Cider (delicious and refreshing) Jefferson's Reserve - 12 yr old bourbon (strong with a burn) 1.) Alligator fried with chili garlic aioli 2.) Pig Ears fried crispy with dipping sauce 3.) Pa need Pork Cheek with goat cheese,arugula and beet rosti, delicious 4.) Artichoke and crab dip 5.) Wood-fired oyster roast, killer flavor 6.) Fried okra with cornbread fritter, pickled corn and tomato jam. UM MM GOOD 7.) Fried rabbit livers with peppered jelly toast. Unbelievable flavor. 8.) Boucherie plate (they make all their own meats and pates, can still taste the sausage and pates. 8.)Fried boudin (yummy balls of pork deep fried with spicy rice) 9.) Arugula salad 10.) Iceberg salad 11.)Mixed green salad - special (what can I say the salads had delicious crispy pork rind in them) Dinner 12.) Ham hock with sweet potatoes, pickled greens and black eyed peas. The meat fell off the hock, so tender and flavorful. The sweet potatoes were whipped and creamy. 13.) Drum - special - a flaky white fish common in the south. But the flavor was anything but common. 14.) Smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. Yummy smoked flavor with a chunky spicy potato salad. Unfortunately after this food festival we didn't have room for dessert. But I'll be back. The service was wonderful, attentive, and pleasant. No stuffy attitude at Cochon.Vegetarians, fear not! OK, so the name of the place implies that it is more than a fine-dining establishment; it's a fine-dining establishment that specializes in meat. Not just meat, pork. So how did a Kosher girl and vegetarian end up here? Well, folks, that's the beauty of New Orleans. Nothing is what it seems and anything is possible.The catch? Ask and you shall receive. I assure you in most any good restaurant in NOLA, a chef will make you something vegetarian and that something will be damn good. From previous experience, I had learned that the bread was made with lard, so avoid snacking before your drinks or appetizers come out. We got the beet salad and mac-and-cheese to start (holy, flavors) and had the chefs surprise us with a "veggie plate" that came out to be fried green tomatoes, mushrooms, and sauteed spinach with a light cream sauce to compliment it all. Not to mention that the drinks were phenomenal and dessert was a perfect ending.Huge fan of the pork cheeks, they melt in your mouth and are so savory. Also got the fried alligator which had a good sauce, but it is fried so you would never know it was alligator. Rabbit and dumplings were good and hearty, but no wow factor.I LOVE YOU!I LOVE YOU!I LOVE YOU!Cochon was the absolute highlight of my trip to NOLA.When someone says "How was NOLA?" I reply " It was OK. There was this place called COCHON......"Making the reservation was a little tedious. I could not make a large party reservation via Opentable. I had to call it and when I did  they said they did not have anything available Of course once there, their large table was open the entire time. Who knows what happened with that. We settled on a reservation for 4 instead and the other half of our party had made other plans. The place has outside seating which was also empty. Probably because it was scorching hot. The inside is what I would call farm modern. We had a short wait and finally got seated. They started with HOT brioche. I could have had the entire basket. Luckily, I abstained and had them remove the basket before I got full on that. I usually have wine with my meals but this time I decided to try a signature cocktail: the Bali H'ai. Amazing! had 2. We also had a bottle of Belle Glos which is always a great go to by the Caymus family. We decided to order a lot of items for the table to share. It was the best way to experience it. We tried the ribs, cucumber salad, boucherie plate, cochon and the brisket. Every single one was mouth watering! The ribs were so good that we ordered a second one before our dessert! We could not leave without having it again.Dessert was also pretty perfect. We had the lemon pepper poundcake with blueberry jam swirled ice cream, chocolate cream pie with salted caramel & malted milk crumbles , strawberry pudding with lemon poppy seed shortbread   and pineapple upside down cake with coconut lime sorbet & dulce de leche . Sigh. I know you won't believe me but I was only full, not stuffed. Technically speaking I should have not been able to move. Must have been all that walking we did. Bottom line: this is a MUST GO TO when in NOLA. This is the kind of food  I daydream about! (yes, I know...OINK!)I cannot wait to come back!Since I was dining alone, I decided to sit at the bar in the back with all the chefs.  It was fun, mostly because I got a bird's eye view of all the incredible things that were being served up to the other patrons.  That made ordering very easy.I had a side of mac and cheese and some pork ribs that were quite incredible.  Staff was very friendly, and I ended up trying some of my neighbor's fried alligator.  (she offered me headcheese, but that's another story for another time)Highly recommended!Loved the food, can't wait to go back!!"You should have called ahead, as you probably know from being a vegetarian"  Actually I think I should know what it is like to being a vegetarian as I have been one for 16 years ago this lent.  In that knowledge I could tell you I have NEVER been so rudely dismissed by not just the waiter but by the manager in my entire 16 years as a vegetarian.The James Beard award winning chef apparently has not taught his staff anything about 5 star service.  Ok, so here's the scene. Picture it, a temperate Monday at 12:30, the lunch room is half empty, the outside has a table open.  We take it.The restaurant has come highly recommended to us for its oyster sandwich.  I tell the waiter "I am not your target demographic" of his pig and fish full menu.  "I am a vegetarian, what can you do for me""Not really anything" said my waiter."Usually the chef can make some alterations but not today, just too busy"  He sends out the manager who tells me the same BS w/the money line "you should have called ahead, as you probably should know being a vegetarian" Yeah buddy, I've been a vegetarian for 15 plus years.  I think I know how to live the lifestyle and calling ahead is not part of it.  It is, in 2009, expecting that every menu has some type of vegetarian option so that people who rely on my for directions on great food in cities around the country don't end up feeling like assholes because they are eating and I am looking at a tiny plate of wilted greens and calling your salad lunch."Lima Beans?" no cooked w/bacon, no exceptions"Double baked potatoes?" not them either so they brought me the salad and the side of mac n cheese.  You would think they would have given me a larger portion of mac n cheese knowing that is all I would eat said my companion but ensuring I leave satiated was never their concern.  Cochon convinced me that it is FAR easier to be a vegetarian in Buenos Aires than New OrleansWe've all had this situation: friends in visiting for JazzFest, and you want them to experience something a little different. So, what could possibly be bad about eating past 9:30PM?Even with reservations, a 45-minute wait, for starters. No apologies, no nothing. The service industry member of our party asked about sitting outside, and the hostess told us a 9:00PM was waiting for the table! My heart sank with anticippointment.Alligator? It was fried, and looked cute on the plate. Tasted like cute - bland, inoffensive, harmless. Pork Cheeks. These dark brown fried death balls came to the table. Some liked it. Me? Not so much. I had the fisherman style catch of the day, and it was cooked to perfection, but the seasonings were too bland for me. None of the aforementioned chili flakes could be seen on the fish, let alone taste them. We passed on any sides and dessert, as we waited too long to sit down to eat.The wine list was great, and all of those choices were wonderful. The service? Started strangely shaky, and since at least three different people  waited on us, we weren't quite sure who our server really was. I just think they wanted their night to be over. Mine certainly was.Lunch at Cochon. Our first line of business is order our NOLA beers. I tried my first Abita Amber ($6) and it was delicious. (NOLA and Abita are the local brews.)When we looked at the menu, we saw various "interesting" items. We opted to do several tapas to get a variety. -Fried Alligator ($10): My first alligator experience! Tastes like chicken. No really, it did. It seriously tastes like really stringy chicken breast. I didn't care for it, but welcomed the experience. -Crawfish Etouffee ($12): Good flavor. Etouffee is NOLA's staple sauce, and I'm glad I was able to try this popular entree. -Crispy Chicken Thigh ($12): What I loved most about this dish is the egg. You pop the egg and smother it all over the chicken thigh. OMG - to die for!!!-Braised Pork Cheeks ($11): Tender with good flavor. The portions were appy-sized so they weren't very big. I didn't get completely full off our meal, because I knew we were going to eat again in another couple hours. I would recommend ordering several entrees to share so that you're able to experience more than 1-2 items.Indoor and outdoor seating available and the establishment is nice and modern.Service was great. A definitely recommendation if you're in NOLA.DEEP FRIED ALLIGATOR WITH CHILI-GARLIC AIOLI!! When visiting NOLA, this was my favorite restaurant to eat at.  It had a lot of good selections, including the deep fried alligator, wood fried oysters, and fish.  omg, the oysters!! was to die for.  these oyster were amazing, i wish i ordered some more.  It was one of the top 3 favorite dishes I had in NOLA.  this, and the blackened alligator at Oceana Grill and Charboiled oysters at Drago's.  But unlike Dragos where they are only known for one item, this restaurant had a lot of other delicious entrees in their menu that I would still like to try. When someone asks me where to eat in New Orleans, I would definitely recommend this place.  Nice place, good food, great service.We were here for NYE dinner.  Overall, a great experience (better than most we had in NOLA) with a few minor hiccups.Let's get the cons out of the way first:-We had a 10pm reservation, with hopes of being back to Jackson square for fireworks at Midnight.  We weren't seated until 10:30.-They were out of Pork Shoulder, the only pork entree on the menu. For a place with a pig on the sign, this was disappointing. -The fried Peanut-butter Banana pie desert was not very good--too fried, weird texture.  The Pros:Most of the food was great.  Souffled grits with venison? Yum-O. Warm cabbage salad with hog jowls and goat cheese? Sign me up. The Boar sausage with saurkraut was surprisingly delish.  And the strawberry baked alaska was a nice way to end a meal.The service was great-- we had 2 waitresses, both keeping an eye on us, and making conversation when time allowed.  We gave them a heads-up that we were hoping to get out by 11:30 or so, and they did their darnedest, and even managed to have a cab waiting for us when we were done (we couldn't even get through to a cab company on our cell phone, so this was quite a feat). Despite their efforts, we were stuck in traffic when the clock struck 12, and we missed the festivities. Too Bad-- If  we had foreseen that, we would have gladly stayed at Cochon, lingered over some bubbly and enjoyed the casual, comfortable space and friendly staff into 2010.Well skin me alive and call me luggage!I never even knew comfort food could be done so elegantly and sophisticated! I mean, whenever I think comfort "soul" food, I think delicious, filling (heavy), and not necessarily "high end." Hopefully someone in cyberspace knows what I mean.Cochon has made the top of my list in go-to places for NOLA. I have to say that it's also a walk from downtown, therefore not full of sloppy tourists who wouldn't appreciate the quality of food Cochon offers.Must Try on the menu:Boudin - a play on boudin blanc, except the pork filling is sans casing, mixed with rice, battered and deep fried. Golf-ball sized, and melt-in-your-mouth pork. Roasted Oysters - one of the best appetizers I've had thus far. These bubbling hot oysters are on the half shell, dunked in a cajun tangy sauce full of garlic. One order might not be enough.Fried Okra - popcorn style okra, that is accompanied by two dipping sauces.Pork ribs - sweet, savory, juicy. Need I say more?I'm finally going to admit it...Cochon took my alligator virginity.This resturant is so cute and clean. I loved the atmosphere and the group I was with really enjoyed the meal from start to finish. Being in NoLa on vacay I wanted something different than the restaurants in the French Quarter. I really liked Cochon.The waitstaff was very helpful and our food was fantastic. My favorite was the rabbit dish. The alligator, although crispy and the sauce it was coated with was delicious, I found the meat to be a little chewy which is apparently how it's supposed to be. I'm not a big fan of that texture but I'm glad I tried it being down in Louisiana and all. When in Rome, right?The wife and I ate at some fantastic restaurants over the course of 4 nights in NOLA, but none stood out as much as Cochon. The restaurant has a very chic, hip vibe and decor to it. We are from Los Angeles so this was something we are very familiar ( BTW im not trying to say im cool, just a lot of restaurants are like that)however once you open the menu you know you must be in New Orleans. We started off with our first taste of Alligator. I thought it was really good!! It for sure has a distinct taste to it.  We also the ribs and brisket with the amazing horseradish potato salad. Bottom line is the food is good, the cocktails were strong the service was ok. Plus the head chef was on bizarre foods NOLAWe were looking for someplace for lunch while at a convention.  Checking Yelp, we saw this place.  What an amazing treat.  The place was packed so we ate at the bar.  The Bartender had an excellent knowledge of the menu as well as being an incredible bartender.  I had the redfish served "Fisherman's Style" (on the half shell) and my business associate had the fried oyster sandwich.  Both were unbelievably good!  The decor and atmosphere here were also awesome.  Another word about the bartender.  No glass left the bar without being checked for water spots.  Service was perfect and his knowledge of all things in the spirit world was fantastic.  I won't ever miss this place on a visit to New Orleans.  You shouldn't either!  But, make a reservation!On a trip to New Orleans, I had a chance to have a fantastic lunch at Cochon. Everything about my meal was top notch, from the ambiance of having a seat facing the open kitchen, to the great service, to the wood-fired oysters ... which to this day, rank as the best oysters I have ever tasted. Highly recommend Cochon.Went here for dinner with a reservation on a Wednesday night and this place was packed! Had to wait an extra 15 min for a table but I didn't mind cause we had a drink from the bar. Decor is nice, hard wood floors and tables.For apps, my bf and I ordered the boucherie plate, fried gator, wood fired oysters, and the smoked ribs.  The oysters were so so good! Probably the best oysters I've ever eaten.  Fried gator was okay.  I was disappointed that the batter kept falling off of the meat and there was definitely something missing in the aoili, maybe it needed some spice cause it was bland.  Everything else was okay. Entree, we split the rabbit and dumplings.  Good dish, but where was the rabbit?  There was barely any rabbit in this dish! Disappointing again.  Also, there was no pork belly on the menu. This made me sad. Dessert was my favorite part of the meal.  The carrot cake is extremely huge and the candied nuts on it were the best part.  I would come back ONLY for this.   I say skip Cochon and just go to Butcher for lunch!!I've been thinking about this review for over a month now making sure that I was being fair.  The food was a mixed bag for us. The fried rabbit liver with pepper jelly was beyond awesome and I nearly ordered another plate of it immediately after the first bite.  The fried boudin balls were good, though I preferred the ones we had at lunch at Boucherie more.  The Louisiana pork was mildly disappointing - I'd had better pulled pork many times before at 1/4 the price and our cracklins were missing the crack and were kind of flabby.  My wife loves mac and cheese and all three of us really loved the pancetta-studded version at Butcher, so we figured it would be a no brainer here.  Nope, as it turns out, not great.Dessert was further down the scale still.  The hummingbird cake was dry and rather unpleasant.  The pineapple upside-down cake was pretty unremarkable and pairing it with a lime sorbet emphasized all the wrong notes of the dulce and the pineapple.And then there was the service, which was uniformly bad.  I called from the hotel to let them know that we'd be a few minutes late.  "No promises," the front of house said.  "Our reservations are full tonight."  So we scooped up my sleeping daughter into the stroller and started running.  As the time for the reservation crept closer and we hadn't yet arrived, my wife told me to run on ahead.  I was glad to see lots of people out walking on Tchoupitoulas or I wouldn't have really dared.I arrived, on the verge of out of breath, to find a restaurant that wasn't half full.  Now, had I called and said "we're going to be an hour late," I would get making a point of not intending to hold our reservation on a Friday night.  But by the time we finished eating, the restaurant still wasn't even approaching full.  I'd fully explained that I had a sleeping kid that was possibly going to make us late.  Why not cut us some slack?Our server started out charming and ended up absent.  He walked us through the menu and made a few recommendations, and the food got out to us in short order.  When it came time to get a check, though, he disappeared for 45 minutes.  My poor daughter, 30 minutes short on her nap (my fault) and having put on her party manners at some fairly upscale establishments over the past week, absolutely lost it about ten minutes into that 30 and my wife left to return to the hotel for her.  I watched our server flit around the room, taking drink orders and flirting with the ladies for the rest of the 20 minutes before he returned with the ARE YOU KIDDING DID WE REALLY SPEND THAT MUCH check.  I'm not one to often tip below 20%, but between the reservation static and making me wait so that he could run up people's bar tabs, I was feeling punitive.This was our last night in NOLA.  Earlier in the trip, I'd almost bought a shirt at Butcher but figured, since Cochon was around the corner, that I'd return and grab it after we ate.  Sadly, the Cochon experience colored Butcher enough that I left without the shirt.  I'll skip Cochon next time and camp at Butcher instead for half the price and better food.If I was to only visit one restaurant in New Orleans, it would be Cochon.And if I had one regret from my recent trip to NOLA, it would be that we left Cochon to our last night.You see, New Orleans is a food city. It's impossible to visit and not eat well and copiously. And that we did. So much so that by our final dinner at Cochon, I was unable to try everything on the menu that I wanted to.The Angelenos out there will understand when I say Cochon is like the Animal of the south. A celebration of not only the pig, but of all things meat. For the rest of you, Cochon is Chef Donald Link and Chef Stephen Stryjewski's modern Cajun restaurant that has been the buzz of New Orleans in recent years. Housed in a converted warehouse in the Warehouse District, the contemporary-rustic space is all handcrafted wooden tables and chairs, exposed brick and concrete floors. It boasts an in-house boucherie, Cochon Butcher, that turns whole pigs into boudin, andouille, smoked bacon, and head cheese, and a wood burning oven turning out roasted oysters, beef brisket and suckling pig. Rounding out the produce are locally caught seafood and regional bourbons and beers.Need more convincing? How about the 2007 James Beard award for Best Chef: South for Donald Link and Best New Restaurant nomination for Cochon? How about oyster and meat pie, fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast, wood-fired oyster roast, fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, fried boudin with pickled peppers, spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle, fried pigs ears with cane syrup mustard, paneed pork cheeks with pickled green tomatoes?Choosing only five plates from the menu is like walking into a brothel with only 50 bucks. An exercise in frustration.But a mouth watering frustration, nonetheless.Choose we did. We started with the oyster and meat pie and the arugula salad with pumpkin calas, pecan and tasso bacon. The oyster and meat pie was more what I'd think of as a pasty than a pie but, semantics aside, it was good. The baked shell had a good crunch and the filling, although not strong on the flavor of oyster, was satisfyingly meaty. A great snack with a beer.Which, luckily, I had on hand. Lazy Magnolia's Indian Summer Spiced Ale. The orange and coriander notes were pronounced, making it quite a floral beer. I have to look out for this in LA. Delicious.I conceded one dish to a salad for the girl. The aforementioned arugula salad with pumpkin calas, pecan and tasso bacon. I let her eat the arugula. I ate the deep fried pumpkin fritters. I like to compromise.Next up was the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli. The last time I had alligator was in a Vietnamese restaurant and it was heavily sauced. I don't think I'd ever had a true taste of alligator. I can report back that it tastes like chewy pork. Still, it's hard to go wrong with even deep fried chewy pork with a sweet chili garlic sauce.We followed that with, unsurprisingly, more deep fried meat. The fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast. Now, I'm a big fan of liver, mainly in the form of chicken livers, duck livers and, of course, foie gras. These rabbit livers were far more mild in taste than chicken or duck livers. Dressed with onion and cilantro and served on a thin slice of crispy pastry-like toast with a sweet pepper jelly, this was my favorite plate of the night. Again, a great interplay of fried crunch, gamey flavors and a sweet sauce.We rounded out our small tasting with the paneed pork cheeks with pickled green tomatoes, apples and peas. Tender, as expected, and lightly breaded and pan fried. The pickled green tomatoes and apples added tartness, the peas and rice the cheeks sat on the starch. The most substantial of the small plates we ordered, and perhaps the most complete dish.Unfortunately we left no room for dessert but the pineapple upside down cornmeal cake with coconut-lime sorbet and dulce de leche sounded tempting. Next time.Besides, the night was still young (well, by New Orleans standards) and we had more adventures planned for our final night.More local delicacies to sample.Now, where was that 50 bucks?Wowser---this WAS the best meal I've had in New Orleans, but also the most expensive.  I had the LA Cochon, mac & cheese, & a draft Abita rootbeer for $40 (with tip).It's magical.  It really is, from the crispy & fatty cracklin' to the tang of turnips & cabbage.  Simple presentation, but a homerun delivery of flavors.They got moonshine on the menu too!  I didn't see it on the initial menu, so I didn't bother to ask about it.  Don't make the same mistake I did!Another visit, and still my favorite dining experience in the city...none of the problems other reviewers had...we did our Mothers Day meal on Monday, since I hate crowds at restaurants. The late dinner made seating a breeze. I had called ahead to tell them we had a vegetarian in the party, and he received an amazing plate of fried green tomatoes with green beans, some amazing peas and cheese...it was another eating highlight in this city for a guy who thought he might not have any.For us; the same again, almost all appetizers...the alligator and the plump wood fired oyster were my favorite this time...along with the cochon which were served with the best cracklin's I ever had. I need bowls of those, 3 were not enough...my mouth is watering now thinking of them.Our waiter was a bit boring, but it beats stuffy service and the other perkier folks on the floor kept coming up to our table to check on us anyway. Since we are beer drinkers, pitchers of NOLA Blonde Ale for $15 was more than reasonable, and kept the bill lower than any other fine restaurants I go to.Sticking with  "If you can have only one nice meal while you are visiting New Orleans-give this one some serious thought"Cochon, after one night of dining there, is now one of my all-time favorite restaurants.Since I worship at the temple of pork and pork-related foods, there really isn't a better concept for a restaurant than to have on centered around that very thing. So when I knew I was coming out to New Orleans, this restaurant became a top priority.I'm so glad I ate here.Our first meal, however, was not pork. It was fried alligator with chili-garlic aioli. I've had alligator before, and it wavers between delicious and rubber. This night's alligator was firmly in the middle. The sauce was spectacular, though, despite the overly chewy (even for gator) nature of the dish.The second dish was healthier, as I wanted something fresh to counteract the utter destruction of my body that was to follow. To my delight, the dish, cucumbers with herbs and vinegar, was simple, refreshing and sublime. Next came our first pork venture, barbecue ribs with watermelon pickles. What else can I say? Perfection. Great sauce, the rib meat was falling off the bone, and the pickles added a sweet and sour kick to the already tangy and sweet barbeque sauce. A winner.Next, deep fried boudin with fresh mustard and hot peppers. Boudin already rocks on its own, so to deep fry those suckers is to create one of the most delicious plates I've had in awhile. Pure awesomeness.The next dish was ham hocks with sweet potato, pickled greens and black eyed peas. The ham hocks came in their own jus, which made me happy. The flavors were really beyond description, a truly perfect blend of sweet, salty, and sour - all my favorite things, especially with pork.And then came the namesake dish of the restaurant - cochon with cracklins and turnips. Juicy and delicious, it truly knocked my socks off. And when cracklins (pork rinds) are just accompaniments for an already porky fabulous dish, you know you're in hog heaven.We finished with a root-beer parfait that was a nice, refreshing palate cleanser after the porky apocalypse that my stomach was subjected to.A more modern take of down-home Southern cooking, focusing on the pig.  And my goodness this place sure knows how to work the pig.  While all plates looked delicious one way or another, my husband and I couldn't help but to order what we could pig-related.  My first try of boudin was from here, and while the rice component was interesting, the sausage was delicious and made for an interesting breaded fried sausage ball appetizer.  The Louisiana cochon I had was very tender and delicious, with a powerful smokiness and sweetness that reminded me of pulled barbecue pork.  The accompanying greens and veggies were smoky delicious and the cracklins added a nice crunch texture to the soft and tender dish.  My husband's ham hock dinner was flavorful and tasty.  I could even pass over the somewhat over smokiness of the meat since it made everything delicious, including the greens.  One unique offering this place has was the aperitif offerings, especially their moonshine flights.  I don't remember which ones my husband ordered but one of them tasted like almonds and the other one reminded us of sweet sake.  Since trying them here the husband and I were searching up and down liquor stores for anything remotely like the stuff.  Ambiance was contemporary yet warm, comfortable and laid back.  The wait staff was very attentive and extremely helpful when we were making our selections, especially helpful with the moonshines.While in New Orleans, I ate almost every kind of animal imaginable--Cochon was responsible for rabbit, alligator, and pig. Cochon is housed in a very modern space in NOLA's Warehouse District. There's not too much else around, although we had a drink at Tommy's Wine Bar beforehand. Cochon Butcher is also right next door, and the sandwiches looked mouthwatering. I wish we had time to try it too.Of course we had to try the fried alligator to start since we'd never had it before. It consisted of more white meat than I expected. The chili garlic sauce gave it a spicy, Asian twist. I'm glad I tried it once, but I probably won't order it again. Nothing against Cochon; I just enjoy other meats better. We also had the grilled pork ribs with pickled watermelon. Yum.For an entree, I had the rabbit and dumpling stew. It was delicious. One of my top meals in NOLA.  My husband got signature pork dish which he refers to as a ball of pork. It was huge. The chitlins were a bit much for him though. We enjoyed a side of mac & cheese which was amazing with a cheesy, crusty top. We overloaded on appetizers and didn't get to try any deserts. That's okay - I'll take blood over sugar any day of the week.I thought Cochon was priced well and the ingredients were top-notch. A definite must-try in New Orleans, especially for die-hard carnivores who want an interesting twist on Southern cuisine.Gotta start out by saying that this meal was amaze-ballsOkay, so this place is pretty trendy. I felt a little underdressed walking in. You might want to make a reservation - we came in on a Monday night at 8 pm, and there was a 30 minute wait. You have the choice to sit at the kitchen thoughFried alligator with chili garlic aioli: perfectly crispy and the alligator isn't tough at all. Perfect amount of aioli - they didn't coat em all over like buffalo wings, which I appreciatedGlazed pork with roasted corn grits: grits were smooth and silky. Mushrooms seasoned well and beef cheeks fell apart. The bf and I were chubby and used the rolls to mop up the sauce. SODALICIOUS. Louisiana Cochon: I'm not a big meat eater, so I wasn't a huge fan. But my bf liked it. We both agreed it was on the salty side, but the pickled veggies balanced it out. My fav part of the dish was the pickled peaches, hahaArnold Palmer: I feel kinda silly reviewing a drink, but it was so refreshing and clean! Not too sweet and you can tell they use freshly squeezed lemonadeAll in all, this was the best meal I had in Nola. Yum.Watermelon pickles!! Over pork ribs! It was so divine. Let me just tell you...YOU HAVE TO GO HERE!!!! When I went it was about 2 years ago, so I'm a bit late writing the review. My memory makes no mistake that this place was by far my favorite. Cochon please come to Austin. Wishful thinking, I know.When I get back to NOLA, Cochon will be the first stop. I GAAUURRAANNNTTEEE!The food is amazing. The smoked ribs and brisket were juicy and flavorful. The cocktails, especially "Hey Jack" were just as good. As a novice to New Orleans cuisine, this is is a place that merits a visit. I look forward to returning to try the fish and sea food in the menu.Really good food but extremely small portions. We got the fries boudin and it only comes with 3 boudin balls. The Mac and cheese is a must try! Be ready to spend more money than you should for the amount of food you get.You know how you have that list of foods when you're a little kid that's like, "EEEW! Why do grown-ups eat that kinda crap. Just give me a grilled cheese, please." There were several things on Cochon's menu that I hadn't even thought of putting on that list (alligator, pork cheeks) until I got there. If you still have that list, throw it away before you go here because you'll be missing out on some rad food if you don't.  I would call the food southern style gourmet. We had fried alligator with a mint creme sauce(awesome by the way), ham hock (that fell off the bone) and lentils, and beef brisket with sweet potatoes. All were artfully, not stuffily, presented. I finished off the meal with a slice of flourless chocolate cake with cream cheese icing. When I die, I want to go to New Orleans. I have definitely not found food like this in Southern California, nor do I plan on finding it here. Luckily, we did not have to wait hours as some of the other reviewers have noted. However, when we got there, the hostess asked if we had reservations, and when we responded "no," she seemed a bit perturbed. That is thee only complaint I have about this place. It is definitely a must if you go to NOLA. P.S. I have always respected cultures that use EVERY part of the animal they kill in some way. Cochon buy whole pigs and uses every part in some sort of dish. Hence the pork cheeks.I didn't realize that Cochon wasn't Cochon Butcher. I now know there a big difference. Cochon offers a more elegant dining experience with higher end fare. Unfortunately, our gastronomic experience didn't live up to the décor. The gumbo appetizer had a rich, dark roux. It was a perfect mix of rich flavors. The ham hock was slightly dry and overcooked, the brussel sprouts were way over salted, but the herb spaetzle was perfect. Staff was responsive and quality of ingredients was strong. Overall a nice experience, but disappointing for the price. Perhaps it was an off night.I made a last minute reservation for Saturday on Saturday. They were booked but was able to squeeze me in which was a pleasant surprise. The only problem with this restaurant is the bartenders were gorge! I can't indulge being served by hotties!  Do they know what kind of shinanigans can happen with coconut ciroc..LOL I ordered the catfish courtboullion and side of eggplant and shrimp dressing. For dessert I ordered something with blueberries. It was very crowded, which is to be expected on a saturday night. I would suggest going during the week or early during the weekend. Make a reservation early (unlike me). Lastly, don't go to the bar.I have been to this place twice and both times it was fantastic.The first time I went I got the pig ears (yeah...) and I think I got some kind of sandwich.  That was pretty good.  BUT, the second time I went I got the rabbit and dumplings.  Oh my gosh!  It was one of the most fantastic dishes I have ever eaten.  I had never had rabbit before, so I was hesitant, but it was so rich and delicious, I couldn't get enough.Be sure to make reservations (if possible) or get there early in order to avoid the dinner rush, because the place does get crowded and getting a table can be a challenge.Also, they are also the only place that I know that serves actual moonshine.  Do with that what you will.  ;)Gregg M and I went here on our last night in NOLA.  I suggested it purely on the name.  It was within walking distance to the hotel, so off we went (hey if I'm going to eat pig, I might as well get a little exercise right?)We started off with a couple of drinks (mine was the Whiskey and orange juice drink).  My drink was awesome.  I was afraid it would be a little too sweet with the OJ, but they use fresh squeezed and it perfectly balanced the whiskey.  More please!For an appetizer we got the fried boudin with pickled peppers and the fried alligator.  The fried boudin was WOW!  How can you not like pork and rice, rolled in a ball, battered and fried?  I don't know what spices they use, but my mouth was dancing with joy!  The alligator was a little heavily sauced for me and also a little tough, but it still tasted okay.Gregg M got the cochon with turnips, cabbage and cracklin.  For my entree I got the oyster and bacon sandwich (came highly recommended).  The whole dish is incredibly unassuming.  You get a grilled white bread sandwich - remember - never judge a book by its cover.  In between is fried oysters and bacon and I have no idea what type of sauce was there, but it only dressed the sandwich up even more.  Oysters and bacon?  Who knew?  Of our two dishes, I think mine was the winner. At the end of the meal, our waiter, Tyler asked if we wanted dessert - we were full, but we did take a look at the menu.  What really caught our eye was the moonshine.  Now I've tasted moonshine before and I really had no desire to grow any hair on my chest.  Tyler however twisted our arm into trying the Catdaddy moonshine.  It had a taste of vanilla and cinnamon - surprisingly smooth without the immediate burn.  Great food, great drinks - better company.  When can we go back?It took me a couple days to write this review.  Not because I had any problem with Cochon.  In fact the exact opposite.  Cochon to me is like a long lost love.  You think about her, you crave her touch and it deeply upsets you that she is hundreds of miles away.Cochon, I welcome you as my new ex girlfriend.  I am so sad we couldn't spend more time together.  The time we had together was great though right?  I feel tears of joy streaming down my face and I remember the time you led me to foodsturbation.  I feel it inside, I CAN"T TAKE IT ANYMORE. I think I need to just break into song.Cochon, you my everything, you all I ever wanted*LoLo* ordered real big, bigger than I could have ever done itI tried almost everything, other meat ain't never on itI want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it'Cause the rabbit liver was tastier than a duck.When I had the gator, I promise I'd eat it all uppig make me beg for it till I ate it upAnd I say the same thing every single timeCochon you the best, you the you the best, you the you the best, you the you the best, The best I ever had, the best I ever had, best I ever had. Although I cannot speak for the entrées, I must say this was one of the best meals of my life.  I went with a chef named *LoLo* who ordered everything for us. When I first got to NOLA and asked him where to go LoLo said 'Cochon twice"  I should have listened to him, we mostly stuck to the small plates to get a better variety of samples.  For dessert we had the pineapple upside down cake and the red velvet cake. Everything I tried was 5 stars and this is the order of my favorite.Fried Alligator with chili garlic aioliRabbit liver (can't find exact name bc its not on the website)deviled crabeggplant and shrimp dressingwood fired oyster roastdeep fat fried hog head cheesefried boudinboucherie platearugula salad with pickled squash, crispy pig ears and charred cayenne dressing.  I am missing some things but like any good breakup, you lose some things over time.  Cochon, I will always love you, I want to have your baby and I promise to never forget you.  Till we MEAT again you delicious filthy animal.Maybe I should consider a long distance relationship?*things I missed that I was corrected on.  the smothered greens, yardbird, pig cheeks, and fried pig ears.Cochon gets a lot of great reviews, and they are probably well deserved. Here's what happened to us last night, a Monday night in New Orleans:Ordered the fried rabbit livers to start. They were delicious, save the bits of broken plate I found in mine that nearly chipped my teeth when I crunched into them. Okay, it's a restaurant, these things happen, but usually the servers are very apologetic and comp the problematic dish (and perhaps more) without question. That wasn't really the case. Nobody seemed that apologetic or interested. Then a wine we didn't order arrived. We sent it back to exchange it for the wine we did order. We continually felt rushed to get out of there - they kept picking up plates before we were finished and then they brought us the check while we were still eating dessert. And on the check? The rabbit livers AND both wines. We had to ask to see the manager who did finally comp the wine and the livers. The food was great, sure, but the place feels like a factory that has little time or attention for their customers.WAY Overrated - and this is coming from a carnivore who eats any and every cut of meat.  Lured here by every imaginable food critic and magazine, hoping to try real deal Cajun, boy did I leave disappointed.  While I understand that they could not prepare a vegetable plate for my vegetarian wife (even though I did my share to support the restaurant by ordering 6 appetizers and 3 entrees for myself), I was dumbfounded by their initial refusal to put on the side, or leave out altogether, the meat toppings (such as fried pigs' ears and fried jerky) from my wife's salads so as not to contaminate her food:  "It will confuse the kitchen - you have to understand, this is a busy restaurant."  While I'd say that accomodating simple requests and adaptablity are part of what should make a great "James Beard winner" restaurant, I'll take the attitude if the food is good.  BUT INSTEAD, Mr. Link could benefit from enrolling in some technique classes, as demonstrated by his:1)  "Spicy" RIBS:  I'm texan and my wife is from atlanta, so don't serve me ribs so tough and dry I wonder if the sauce (which tasted store bought) contained Retin-A. By the way, where was the spice?, I could've used it to push down those ribs.2)  Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins:  This was the saltiest, most dried out pork i have ever tried.  it was so horrific i took just one bite.  The only silver lining is that my friend who demanded I ordered this will be reimbursing me the $22 I spent.PS Donald Link:  While I didn't order the crawfish pie, you should know that it looks like an empanada.What came out best here was the Oyster BLT, the Rabbit Livers with Pepper Jelly and the headcheese.So ironically, at a place named "Pig" shy away from pig dishes, particulary those where execution matters, and instead opt for creamier yum-yum food.Cochon gets two stars - while some things were amazing, there were too many *inedible* misses.Went to this place based on it's rave reviews but didn't leave wanting to give it one. Came on a Friday night and the place was  packed. We didn't make reservations but were able to snag some seats at the bar.Ordered a few drinks, the fried gator appetizer, and the special of the day...pork belly.Good news first. Great service, hip ambiance, and good drinks at the bar. Bad news next. I really wanted to like the food but I just didn't think it was very good. The fried gator was drowning in some type of spicy, creamy sauce that reminded us of Taco Bell lava sauce. Couldn't even taste the alligator. Next we shared the pork belly special. Last time I checked, pork belly usually has some meat on it but this one was just a slab of chewy fat. The accompanying vegetables on the plate were decent but nothing special and very sparse. Maybe we were there on an off night but I would expect a restaurant with consistently positive reviews to have consistently tasty food.Eating at Cochon was far and away the best meal I had while in New Orleans.I arrived at around 1:00 on a Friday and was offered the last remaining spot at the chef's counter. My concern with dining by myself at a restaurant with so many tasty looking menu items is that one has limited stomach space (and, at least for me, purchasing power), and can only sample, at most, a few items. By a stroke of amazing luck, however, I was seated next to three friendly nurses from Texas, and we ended up sharing plates across the 4 of us for the duration of the meal.Between the 4 of us, we sampled nearly everything on the menu. Service was prompt and attentive, and all of the food was perfectly executed. I could have happily eaten plate after plate of just about everything except for the smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle; don't get me wrong, they were delicious, but the sauce was a little too much salty/sweet for me to fully enjoy them as a meal. I'd recommend them if you were going to split them between 4-6 people.My perfect meal just might be the wood-fired oysters to start, Louisiana cochon as an entrée (it was like the meal of my dreams: pork topped with pork crackling and served with some of my favorite things, cabbage and turnips) with a side of smothered greens. Not into pork? (blasphemy!) Their braised beef shoulder is phenomenal, too. I'm not much into dessert, but their pineapple upside down cake is divine; if you like very sweet and rich desserts, their chocolate & peanut butter pie will hit the spot.Overall, highly recommended. If I am ever back in New Orleans, I will definitely return to Cochon.I loved it all! We had an amazing time here! We initially were walk-ins but met up with another party to get us indoor seating at its finest! So I deeply suggest you grab a reservation before you set out on this dinner adventure!We all had different entrees and none disappointed us! We ate a lot, and I mean a lot! We were so impressed with the dinner presentations and the flavors were outstanding! Worth every penny spent!Although i generally try to avoid leaving reviews at places with several hundred already, I couldn't resist throwing another stunning review on the pile for Cochon.  First of all for those that don't know, Cochon is French for 'pig' and combined with the big picture of a pig on the sign you should be getting a feel for what they serve.  If you don't eat pork, this place can't  help you.I hit Cochon as part of my bachelor party and it was easily the gastronomical highlight of the trip.  Try the wood-fired oyster roast and the poached yard egg got off to a good start but it is the next course where this place really begins to shine.The entries, just close your eyes and point - you just can't go wrong.  I had the mustard crusted ham hock in peas and greens that was just exploding with flavor but the real highlight of the night was the pork belly special two of the party got.  I missed how it was prepared, but I DO know it melted in your mouth and had us all engaged in intense fork duels over the last couple of bites.Blend all this with a comfortable, non-pretentious atmosphere and you have a place worth coming to from miles away.  I will repeat as long as my waistband and cholestoral numbers hold out.Cochon is one of a few options that you can eat not-too-lousiana flavored food. More if you are into Pig.. I highly recommend you try Cochon. I was with a group of friends so we shared quite a few dishes. - Deviled crab was good but butter crackers weren't..- Fried alligator and Oyster were good- All entree were Excellent, especially Louisiana Cochon.  Horseradish potato salad was a bit too horseradish-y for my taste though..-All Side, especially Mac n' cheese (not on online-menu but it's there) was the bomb. Try it if you like mac n' cheese. Desserts were good, especially upside down cake.Overall I enjoyed good food, open kitchen and very low-key comfortable casual dining experience.PS: The highlight of the meal was a complimentary basket of warm buttery dinner roll!!Don't miss it.Despite all the great down home style food I had during my trip, when you want quality you have to pay for it. And a Cochon, you will. Not to say that it's exorbitantly expensive but it's certainly gonna cost you at least $30, probably more. But it's certainly worth it.For starters we had the baked oysters and the boucherie board. Both were great, with the oysters having more spice and less salt than some of the other, inferior, baked oysters of the trip. The boucherie came with various slices of ham and ham based products along with great sweet and soure pickles and some bread. The variety was great and none of the cuts were too salty.Course two consisted of headcheese, breaded and fried covered in lima beans and a minty cream sauce. Though you weren't able to get the full gelatinous glory of the head cheese, the contrast with the sauce made this my favorite dish of the meal. We also ordered this braised rib and rice thing, I forget the name but the rice cake was really excellent.Finally we had the cochon which was honestly disappointingly dry. I'm giving Cochon the benefit of the doubt that they just messed up this one order of their namesake and that if I were to return, and I certainly intend to, that it'll be moister. Still, even try if you ate it with the cabbage it was served on, it was still quite good.I was reeeally nervous about this place because I had a vegetarian in my party but the reviews for this place made it too good to pass up! I scoured all the reviews from other Yelpers with vegetarian friends and decided to call ahead and warn them about the vegetarian situation 2 hours before our reservation. Unfortunately, my vegetarian coworker was not feeling well so she canceled last minute and we were not able to test out Cochon's ability/willingness to accommodate vegetarians. Now it was just down to me and one of my coworkers. The two of us arrived about 10 minutes before our 7:30 reservation and weren't seated until 10 minutes after our reservation. Considering the crowd, I guess that wasn't too bad. I got a drink special called the Cajun Cannon while we waited. It was a tasty, fruity-flavored champagne that I'd definitely get again.Once seated, we were greeted by Reno, one of the most enthusiastic waiters I've had in a looong while. He described the daily specials like he was about to run back to the kitchen and cook them himself! All in all, fantastic service.For appetizer, we ordered the (1) wood-fired oyster roast and (2) fried boudin with pickled peppers. The oysters were good but one of them had a ton of sand in it. I'm not sure I can blame the restaurant for oysters eating sand though. The fried boudin was just ok, really not special.As entrees, I got (3) the oven roasted gulf fish "fisherman's style" and my coworker went with the (4) Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins. My "gulf fish" turned out to be Louisiana Redfish and it was pretty good in some parts, but pretty fishy in other parts. The portion was large, but I'm not sure that could excuse fishy fish when we're in this close to the water. My coworker's pork was superb and I assumed it was the house specialty, considering the restaurant seems to be named after it. Even if I'm totally making that up, it was a better choice than my fish.For dessert, we got the (5) pineapple upside-down cake as recommended by Reno. The cake was a tad dry and too dense for my taste but they do a pretty good job of supplying you with caramel sauce and key lime ice cream on the side to help with that issue. The key lime ice cream should be a dessert by itself. I wish I could buy a pint of it and keep it in my freezer for "emergencies". If you're female, you know what ice cream emergencies are like. If you're male, then most likely you have been the victim of an ice cream emergency at some point so you should also know what I'm talking about.Our total for 2 apps, 2 entrees, a dessert, and 1 beer = $108 after tip. Not bad at all.Ooooohhh baby! What a fantastic experience. I tried many dishes I'd never tried before and wouldn't even know where to get those dishes even if I knew about them.Interested in pig ears? Hell no! But we we were all curious and asked our very friendly and knowledgeable waiter. He said it was like fried calamari - SOLD. It was better than calamari - crispier and juicer. I'll never be able to eat calamari without hoping I was eating pig ears. It's a perfect dish to share.For my own appetizer I had the ribs. No quite fall-off-the-bone but quite close. Very tasty and easy to eat without getting messy. Another dish I was introduced to was the ham hocks which I highly recommend. It's on the bone and so tender. If I was a dog or if I was alone I would of brought the bone home and I'd be lickin' it right now.I always thought that "moonshine" meant homemade liquor but now I know it is a legit liquor. This is the first time I've ever seen it on a menu so of course ordered it. Not bad - it's like a VERY sweet whiskey.Our waiter really made this a great experience he was patient and had a lot of energy. Sadly, we had another waitress takeover close to the end of the meal - man, was she a downer.If there weren't so many amazing restaurants in this city to explore, I'd come back here the next time I visited.We went in on a Monday night without a reservation.  45 minute wait, so we grabbed 2 seats at the bar, and had excellent wine and conversation.  Then arrived the small plates that we ordered - crawfish pie and fried alligator.   Are you kidding me??  Best food we have had in New Orleans!  Fantastic.  You have to go there if you are in NOLA even for 1 night.I sat here for four hours at the bar and ate in a continuous stream with my buddies.  It was literally one of the best eating experiences I will ever have.  Enough said.If you don't like meat - don't come here.Great place to enjoy local celeb chef's creative take in NOLA cuisine.  Dropped in for a late walk-in.  30 minute wait brought us to Butcher next door.  Had some killer apps - charcuterie and duck sliders.  Got seated at 9pm and enjoyed wonderful service and cuisine.  Alligator, cochon, and redfish were all hits - with zero misses.Wow - this place is stellar!  It's halfway between our hotel (Hotel Le Cirque) and the Convention Center and has great, airy ambiance.  We were a party of 3 and ordered:shrimp bisque $6 - probably the best bisque i've ever had.  small portion, but packs a punch.  wasn't too thick or buttery.gumbo $6 - wow, is this what real gumbo is supposed to taste like?fried alligator with chili garlic aioli $10 - tastes like...squid?  a first for me, but definitely worthwhile. hot sausage with grits, roasted peppers & creole cream cheese $10 - an interesting combination of flavors, but also delicious.spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle $9 - just the right amount  of spice, sauce and tenderness.  prepared to get a little messy.oven-roasted gulf fish "fisherman's style" $22 - this had a garlic/butter topping that was to die for.  very tender.twice-baked stuffed potato $5 - i'm not sure what they did with this, but it was nothing like a regular potato...carved up and filled with yumminess like chives. fresh green bean casserole $5 - truly fresh with a buttery sauce and french onion topping. EVERYTHING was phenomenal!  They have a strawberry beer (not the Abita) which was super tasty & their bloody mary was excellent (didn't seem to have too much alcohol).  Oh and the warm rolls had a glazedish coating that were melt in your mouth delicious.I'm now in a food coma.  Mmmh.Just order everythingThis is the first place I take all my out-of-town guests when they say they want Louisiana food. Or hell, even if they don't. Basically, if they say they want a nice, good meal, this is where we go. See, the funny thing about that is... I'm a pescatarian. This restaurant is named after pig meat. I can't even eat the majority of the things on their menu. But I cannot sing their praises enough. And every single person (all of them meat eaters) I've taken there has LOVED it. Because I'm a little limited in my selection, I get the same thing every time I'm there: the "oven-roasted gulf fish 'fisherman's style'". And for a restaurant that specializes in pig, they sure know how to do their fish right. It is by far one of the best fish dishes in this city.They have a lot of sides that I can eat (if you've got meat issues, ask the waitress -- they're happy to tell you what's safe or not), and I mix it up there. They're all delicious. Mac n cheese? Yes sir!Also: the moonshine! Delicious. I'd had moonshine once before, straight from the mountain and served in a film canister. It was awful. Cochon's is FANTASTIC. It's what I have for dessert.The chairs could stand to be more comfortable, sure. But the decor is otherwise quite lovely. Go! You will not be sorry you did.So to start off with, I have to say that Cochon made what is definitely in the running for my favorite Old Fashioned in NOLA. If you like Bourbon, you should get one here, as it is delicious and surprisingly generous.The food is awesome. I'd suggest a boucherie plate, since it's a great sample and the pickles which are delightfully sweet, work great with the creole mustard and the assorted meats. For an entree I'd really suggest anything. My girlfriend and I both had an excellent meal (she had the Cochon and I had the Brisket) from beginning to end. The sides may have been the most impressive aspect of my meal there, as both mine and my girlfriend's were freaking awesome. You expect great meat from a place like Cochon, but the sides were a nice surprise. Dessert was also AMAZING. We weren't really hungry any more, but we still finished the peanut brittle+ice cream concoction we ordered. It was delicious.The service was good, especially since we went there on a night when they were absolutely packed. We had two servers working with us, which was a little confusing at times, but overall very effective.In total, Cochon is great, and not extremely expensive. Stop in and get an entree and you can escape without breaking the bank.Everything from the word "Go" was top notch at this irresistible mecca for all things pig. We had no reservations, but called on a Saturday morning to see what the situation was. They were booked, and we were sad. Not an hour later, the phone rings and it is the hostess from Cochon. They can seat us at 7:00.The server was great. He was very polite and knowledgeable, but with a sense of humor. He struck the perfect balance of professionalism and friendliness, making us feel welcome.The food. Yes, the food...oh, the food. I had the pork cheeks for an appetizer and they were phenomenal. My wife, not normally a fan of out-of-the-ordinary parts, loved them as well. For an entree, we both had Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins. It was determined that this was the best thing we ate in a week of eating really well in New Orleans. It could very well be one of my favorite food experiences of the year. The buzz is well deserved.I really don't get these  4 star reviews, because quite honestly it was by far the best dinner I have had in a long time. Maybe because it's all the type of food that I love. flavor, fried, and executed perfectly.The service was fantastic, and our waitress was sweet, and knowledgeable about the menu. I guess you can recommend anything if everything is great right?my favorites of the night were1. fried alligator2. ribs : yum!3. special fish of the day4. pork cheeksI love this place! A must go!!!!Cajun cooking at its finest, served exceptionally!We decided on Cochon due to its proximity to the WW2 museum (highly recommended!) & yelp's 4/5 star reviews. We left thinking too many rated the restaurant far too low. Walking in with no reservations, we were seated at the bar facing the kitchen ("chef's counter"). We glanced at the menu with trepidation -- the pig-centric menu adheres to the restaurant's name, eponymously called "pig" in French.We first received some delicious buttery yeast rolls. We engulfed these tasty treats quickly.We started with the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli; $10. This dish reminded us of a spicy but chewy calamari. Tasty.We were greeted with a free dish of the deep fried hog head cheese, which was a pleasant surprise we weren't adventurous enough to order.A highlight of the meal, however, was the smoked ribs with watermelon pickle; $10, which should be a requisite plate for any patron.For the entree, we shared the wonderful Louisiana Cochon with? turnips, cabbage, & cracklins, topped with pickled peaches; $22. You will not be disappointed.A side of the mac n cheese casserole topped off the perfect meal; $5.Our bellies full, we read a lot of great reviews about the desserts, so we splurged on the pineapple upside down cake with dulce de leche; $9. Fantastic, and well worth the self-induced waddling walk home.Also of note were the moonshine & bourbon tours; $15.ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!I split the butcher plate with a friend and this has been some of the best charcutcherie I have ever had! Even the headcheese was delightful (and most of the time I just have to close my eyes to get over the idea of eating it). Every accompaniment to our meats was well selected, flavorful, and even the complimentary bread was amazing. I think I nearly cried at the end of my meal. If you're a fan of meat this place should definitely be on your list.I wanted so badly to foodgasm here. The concept had my mouth watering for weeks before our visit, but the execution left me feeling a little used.The atmosphere is great. So hip and modern. Loved the feel of the place, which perhaps helped heighten my expectations.There were three of us dining, and we did the share dance, so we tried multiple dishes....and.....they were ok. Like, all of them. Just ok. We weren't fighting over anything. We just kept going back for forkfuls to see if maybe the NEXT bite held the magic.I hope I hit the place on an off night. I think you should go with lowered expectations, and I hope your world gets rocked. I bet I'd give it another go on another pass through town.The Yelp app on the iphone is awesome !! I'm in NOLA for a few days prior to a 7 day cruise, staying at hotel across from the convention center, use the 'ol "nearby" feature on the app and there's Cochon with it's 4 rating. Read a few of the reviews, I'M SOLD. We hit it early on a Saturday night ( smart thing ) - we tried Alligator Boudin Gumbo mac n cheese brisket w/ horseradish potato salad gf had a salad ( i couldn't convince her to try some...COCHON ! apps were around $10, the brisket - $20 ( great value ) highlights - the brisket was amazing !!! Alligator was tasty - it was kinda rich in taste. The gumbo was decent. The boudin - amazing texture, taste - again - very rich. The mac n cheese had a nice crunchy top, rich cheesy sauce - all good ! The server heard me giving the gf crap about ordering salad for her main entree - he brought me a tasting of the ribs and pork cheek ... how cool is that. she almost cried for ordering the salad instead of the ribs ! too full for dessert but we decided to come back after some touristy walking and have dessert at the bar. we returned at 9:30 - had a few fine beers on tap and tried FOUR desserts ! all were very good - probably my fav was the chocolate banana cream pie. The bartender was so impressed with our pigginess that he gave us a free shot of moonshine - that definitely warmed the belly ! we actually returned the next day to try the remaining desserts and a few more drinks and we decided to really be touristy and buy a Cochon T-Shirt. Cochon is simply awesome - great food, nice vibe, excellent service. I'm so frickin jealous i don't have a local spot like this.Amazing food (A James Beard Award winner!) and my first time eating alligator// SERVICE // Excellent. We had a strange table (on the sidewalk), but the waiter was very accommodating. The poor man fiddled with the heat lamp for so long trying to get it to work because he was afraid we were cold. The ambiance indoors was amazing as well.// FOOD //     +Fried alligator: Reminded me of popcorn chicken! The batter was salted perfectly and garnished with thinly sliced onions and mint leaves. It was my first time trying alligator and it so tasty.      + Louisiana Cochon: Pulled pork formed into a patty and fried. Tender and tasty although I would have loved to have some veggies to balance the savoriness of the dish.     + Fish: I don't remember what type of fish it was, but it was so succulent and juicy.      + Mac and Cheese: Chees-y with a perfectly crunchy top. Definitely on the heavier sideOh Cochon how i really wanted to love you! I had such a great expectations walking in since I had heard such raving reviews from a coworker, my brother and some friends. So not the case.Strike 1 was a dirty glass (that tends to happen though). Strike 2 was a really dirty ice cube inside the water. Ick! :(The food that we actually liked were fried alligator, mac & cheese, crawfish appetizer, chicken entree, pineapple upside down cake dessertWe didnt like the cochon, bbq ribs, smothered greens (this was actually the worse. Barely even edible!!!), eggplant/shrimp dressing.Wouldn't recommend.I could eat here every day for a new foodie adventure! The chef is creative and innovative with his compilations. Def a must-try for foodie adventurists!Northern California cooking with a Cajun twist.  Contemporary setting, in a warehouse district art gallery part of town.  3 blocks from the convention center.I had the bread basket, gumbo soup, and roasted oysters. The warm, pillowy challah bread fresh out of the oven at 12:04PM was orgasmic. But I felt so guilty for eating an alligator (tears). Shouldn't it be the other way around (scream)?If an evil overlord took over the earth and said I could only eat at one restaurant for the rest of my life it would be Cochon.They could charge $300 for that oyster roast and I would save up and come get it. But I have Donald Link's cookbook now so I can make them at home...but it won't be the same. Where the hell can I even get rock salt?!Also, I'm thinking of getting a tattoo of the crispy fried alligator or at least painting a still life mural of it over my bed. And the rabbit and dumplings- I don't even think I can comment. But I will say if you wash it all down with a swine killer and this is your first time at Cochon you honestly might pass out or at the very least have a small, crushing muscle spasm in your heart. Donald Link- if you are reading this. I love you. I would give you a kidney if you needed it. Keep doin' what you doin, booky. Seacrest out.Dining experience - 10/26 Lunch Not impressed! Cochon came highly recommended, so it was one of my top restaurant choices during my recent visit to NOLA. Unfortunately, the food just did not live up to the hype. I was sadly disappointed. Luckily, I made the right decision to go during lunch, so I still had dinner to make up for the shortfall. I ordered the ham hock with sweet potatoes, pickled greens, and black eyed pea ham broth. I should have known not to order a meal that is for the most part, a family tradition in my house hold. Especially around the holidays. That said, I had really high expectations. The ham hock did not offer enough flavor. The sweet potatoes lacked something, perhaps brown sugar, vanilla, or butter. I'm really not sure, but I was sorely disappointed. On a positive note, the service was wonderful. My server was very knowledgeable and accommodating. In my opinion, Cochon is overrated and overpriced. I would definitely not go back.Maybe I just don't have the tastebuds to appreciate Cajun cooking, but this place didn't live up to its current 4+ star rating on yelp for me.it's near the convention center and away from the craziness of the Bourbon Street.  It was busy on Sat night but service was very good.  The server knew the menu well and drinks were regularly refilled.  The decor is inviting and warm/golden wood inside with a great vibe.  Their fresh bread is excellent!!Otherwise the food was OK - definitely nothing like what I've eaten before!  Had the fried alligator in aioli sauce to start... yes, it tastes like chicken!  Just a bit more rubbery/stringy.My main was their special of the day, a red snapper - maybe my mistake for having fish at a place called Cochon, but it was pretty average.  I sampled some of the cochon which was OK - very much like a pulled pork texture in a patty format.Prices are reasonable - about $10 for appies and high teens/low twenties for mains.  Desserts are $7 each.  Beers are about $8 each.  Not a bad price for dinner but not something I'd rave home about.One of the best meals I've eaten. I started with the wood-fired oysters which were simple and complex at the same time. We also had the fried gator which was perfectly cooked and tasty. The red chili flakes gave them a nice little punch. I ordered the Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage and cracklins. Amazing. Loved every bite. My wife had the Fisherman's Style Redfish, which she loved every bite of. It was very tender and flaky, with just the right amount of spice. The service was impeccable, and she was very attentive in every way. Our best meal in NOLA by a long shot. (And sit outside if you can, it was well worth it.)After eating there, I found out that Cochon is "one of those post-Katrina establishments," meaning that amongst some New Orleans natives, there's a healthy debate about whether the new school can stand up against the memories that washed away but were not erased in the hurricane.There is no doubt that the restaurant, enjoying its own corner on a wide, bleached out block of the industrial district, is a world class gourmet dining experience. The question is, is it enough to live up to an outsider's built up fantasy of the ultimate, authentic New Orleans food orgy for a pretty price. For me, the answer was: damn near.Even at 2 p.m. or so, there was a healthy crowd feeding. We were able to be seated immediately at a wooden table for two by the gigantic windows that sent the afternoon light shooting into the modern space that seemed more akin to a cafe or fancy college dining center than a place that served what we were about to eat.My friend and I went nuts. She sprang for a stiff cocktail named The Swinekiller, while I went for a light state brewed bottle Bayou Teche 31LA as in Louisiana, not Las Angeles) 31 Grenache. Ordering commenced, and we got cracklins (not on the menu! You just have to ask!) for a few bucks since we hadn't had the opportunity to grab a bag of the hot pork rinds from a gas station on the rural highway. We followed this up with Fried Alligator With Chili Garlic Ailoli ($10), Macaroni and Cheese Casserole ($5), and Smothered Greens ($5).When it came to the main course, we felt pretty tortured by the singular displays of terroir with their simultaneously local and exotic fare. Fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast? No, we felt bad for the rabbits. Boudin? We were sure that would be a winner, but we'd tried it already for breakfast at Surrey's (separate review). Oyster & met pie? Shaved hog head?? Catfish courtbouillon??? And what about the namesake Louisiana cochon?In the dramatic moments of our final decision, we both swerved for the $25 daily special - a local redfish roasted in the brick and coal oven "Fisherman's Style."This was to be the wisest choice of all. Cracklins were cracklins. The alligator was fresh, but beyond salty (even for this salt fiend). Mac & cheese was delicious, but standard, and the smothered collard were a tad limp (even for being smothered), and had a sweet undertone. One curious thing was that someone different brought us each component of the meal. Our waitress brought the alligator, but the sides and entrees appeared at the hands of men in khakis and button down shirts (perhaps Chef/Owner Donald Link and General Manager Tomy Lagneaux!).The fish, however, was not only the highlight of the meal but a standout of 2011 and perhaps all the significant fish consumed in my 30 year old life. Only lightly herbed in Cajun spices and devoid of bone but still on the skin, it had an outdoorsy hint of smoke but the sweet inner purity of the water from whence it came. It was also about three pounds of fish meat, and we felt slightly horrendous rolling ourselves down Canal to the ferry.For the record, the difference between Creole and Cajun is that "Creole" is the French word for "from here," and refers to the melding of cultures that occurred in historic New Orleans between settlers of French descent, British invaders, runaway slaves, and even Native Americans. Cajun is believed to be a Native American adaptation of the word "Acadian," for a bunch of French Nova Scotians who chain migrated to the swamps of Louisiana way back when and subsisted off of the land and its strange creatures.This said, Cochon was a great experience in Cajun Southern Cooking. But save for the fish (which did at least half the work and the open fire the other half), we'll never know if Cajun cooking is what we really had, or if it was a dressed up (paid $50 each) replication of what once was in those uncharted bayous.You had me with a whole roasted pig.Everything else could have been slop and I wouldn't have cared.  However, it wasn't slop and, every, single, dish, I tried was damn good.Great mix of southern flair with lots of pig parts.Service is spot on.Drinks are spot on...but could use a little more local brews on tap.The interior is well done and a welcome change from the typical NO restaurant.  I see why this chef is a leader of the industry in NO.Great space, location, and general feel.If you go...and like pigs...you'll love it.  Not much for vegetarians but there are seafood options that are done very very well.While my better half and I disagree as to whether Cochon is #1 or #2 on our list of favorite NOLA eateries, there is no question Cochon is an amazing place . The food is creative and flavorful, the service is casual yet remarkably precise. I won't rehash the menu--it changes every time we are there, but suffice to say that I have never walked away disappointed. We have been here several times on our various trips to NOLA and it is one of only two restaurants we come back to every time.I griped a lot about my trip to New Orleans.  Most people asked me about how my trip was and while I didn't enjoy the Big Easy overall, the meal here is one of the true redeeming factors.I had wanted to try something other than begniets and po-boys, so for one of the last nights in town, I decided to go here based on some of the Yelp reviews.  The restaurant was fairly crowded, so my friends and I sat at the bar for our meal.  We ordered drinks (I partook of something I believe was called "Joy Juice" made from moonshine and vinegar) and proceeded to peruse the menu.Sadly, one of my friends is an incredibly fastidious eater, and there wasn't much on the menu he would try.  We agonized over the options for a while.  Cochon has a number of small, tapas-like options to choose from.  Eventually we ordered a number of dishes and passed them around as people would try them.This is where I need to rave about having eaten then best thing I've ever had in my life.  Bar none.  No hyperbole.  Zero exceptions.  Cochon basically means "pig meat".  On the menu: pork cheeks, something I'd heard was a true delicacy.  I tried them and was honestly bowled over by just how.....incredible they were.  I can only describe them as a million times better than the best pot roast you've ever had.  Tender as possible, and contained in a very light breading.  I'm drooling right now as I write this.  It was truly one of the best things I've ever consumed.So after that, we also had alligator, okra, cucumbers, and their mac and cheese.  All of them were also exceptionally good, but nothing even came close to the cheeks.  The entire meal was just amazing and it was certainly the best food I had while in New Orleans.  If you're looking for an exceptional meal and especially if you like pork, I highly suggest giving Cochon a try.We went to Cochon based on the rave reviews and it was also within walking distance from our hotel. The interior deco is modern and minimalist, you can tell by the full restaurant on a Mon night, and somewhat a haul from the French Quarter that this is is popular with locals and tourists alike!  We ordered (2) small plates: alligator, and ribs, and (1) entree: rabbit and  dumplings. The (2) small plates weren't really that small!  definitely made to be shared!  The alligator is fried and then topped with a tangy, creamy sauce... and a little too much of it... I couldn't tell what alligator tastes like if you asked me... and maybe that was the point...  The ribs were tasty, but also very heavily sauced -- but the meat was soft and fell right off the bone.  Both were a little too salty for my liking.  The main dish: rabbit and dumplings, came in a mini hot iron serving skillet.  It was tasty but like the husband says, I couldn't really taste the rabbit.. the sauce was too heavy... and really, that about pretty much describes the whole meal, the sauces were heavy and over powered the actual food.  On the plus side, GREAT service and hip ambiance.  Total bill for the (3) dishes and (1) beer with tip for 2 ppl was $50.We dined at Cochon accidentally while trying to grab a sandwich for lunch at the Cochon Butcher (listed at the same address). I ordered the Lousiana cochon while my two friends ordered the oyster & bacon sandwich. I found the cochon to be too salty though the pork was very tender and the presentation was nice. My friends were pleased with their oyster & bacon sandwiches.The atmosphere at Cochon is easy-going. The restaurant is furnished well and the decor is clean and sharp with plenty of natural lighting during the day. It's a very nice atmosphere to dine in. We had a late lunch while the restaurant was relatively empty. Our waitress was polite and served us aptly without being overbearing.Overall, I was not overwhelmed by my meal at Cochon. With that said, I would be willing to return after exhausting other options in the city.Absolutely great! #OysterMeatPie #RabbittAndDumplings were both nicely executed and full of flavor. Great space and mood, attentive and friendly staff. Cocktail, amuse bouche, starter, and entrée for less than $50 with tip. Great example of contemporary southern cooking that shines with tradition.YUM! We had a huge selection of food. Starters: Boudin Balls (AWESOME!), fried alligator in chili sauce, iceberg lettuce wedge. hog's head cheese (didn't touch it. I have limits). Entrees: ribs, crab cakes. Dessert: peach cobbler.I am so full. I am having trouble breathing. The boudin balls were my favorite. The service was insanely good, very friendly & never missed a beat.Bottom line: I wanted to like Cochon more than I actually did.We had a late reservation (9:30 on a Friday night), and were kept waiting for perhaps 10 minutes - understandable, as the place was pretty well slammed. We skipped the bar, and were ready to dive into the food. The menu was interesting, and had a good number of interesting choices. But... who was going to listen to us make our interesting choices and take them back to the kitchen? That was a fairly big outage - we were hungry, and our server was ghostly.Once we got our order in (two for brisket, two for cochon) we enjoyed the fried alligator and gumbo. It was good gumbo, but not much differentiated from other good gumbo on the trip. The fried alligator tail was every bit as good as folks have said. Yep - order it.As for dinner, the food was good. My friends both really enjoyed the brisket, and the volcanically hot mac and cheese side. My friend and I thought the cochon was good, but maybe not as special as we had hoped. The twice-baked potato side was gigantic, and is very shareable (as was the mac and cheese).Our server was slow on keeping our water full, slow on taking our orders, slow on bringing dessert menus (really??), and slow on our checks. The only time he really perked up was to tell us about the best topless bar outside of town, which was weirdly enthusiastic. Almost uncomfortably so. I would have preferred to hear more of that enthusiasm or passion for the food we were ordering.So, if I were to be back in NOLA, I would probably go to Cochon again, but try to go on a slower night. It was certainly good food, and I'd be game to try it with hopes of a little better experience.Get. the. oysters.I didn't even have pork. I had oysters and red snapper and they were both excellent, especially the oysters. I dream about the oysters. mmm.The SpotLocal New Orleans celebrity chef Donald Link has created a number of restaurants around the warehouse district over the past ten years, Cochon has been serving up southern cooking since 2007, and was nominated for New Orleans's best new restaurant in that same year. Cochon is a simple, rustic wood panelled room that serves up simple and delicious classic southern cuisine. The smell of barbecue entices one to venture inside from Tchoupitoulas Street, affectionately called "Chop Street" in these parts.What's Really Good? Chef Link's restaurant offers a number of classic Cajun southern dishes, a style of cooking and food which he has worked at professionally since the tender age of 15. The attention to detail in these slow foods and cooking really shows. A fantastic selection of bourbon and local craft beers from Abita and NOLA really pair with, and elevate Link's cuisine.As for the menu, the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli seems like an appropriate start to any southern meal. The breading is light, the flavour of the alligator quite rich, and the aioli is a welcome accoutrement for those looking for a hint of spice. The paneed pork cheeks with roasted corn grits and tomato salad are awesomely succulent and tender; the pork cheeks pull apart with your fork to create a smoky, salty and rich dish.You'll Wanna KnowThough the menu changes seasonally, and frequently, there is sure to be a classic southern dish to all tastes which can be enjoyed. Classic southern cuisine can take a long time to prepare, to braise, to smoke, and Chef Donald Link's Cochon truly shows an attention to detail of mastering the art of this traditional and loved American Cuisine.Holy F this place is amazing.The oysters were TO DIE FOR.  I don't even know what sauce they drenched the oysters in, but I wish we ordered like 5 more of that dish.  Among other things, we had fried alligator, smoked beef brisket, and stuffed baked potato.  After dinner, the entire group died and went to food-coma heaven.Did I mention that the oysters were amazing?The place looked contemporary and un-pretentious. The food is amazing! Ordered the Fried Alligator in Chili Garlic Aioli, Mac and Cheese, Charred Okra with Pink Eyed pea vinaigrette, and the Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & cracklins. To top it all off, we had the Swine Killer cocktail! Excellent , excellent food!!! Will go back no doubt on our next trip back to the Big Easy!Lets be brief.Rabbit liver - who knew such a cute animal could have such tasty organs (is that gross?!?! yes? Well it was delicious).Pork Jowels - I liked them...a lot but I expected to love them.  Cucumbers - Fresh vinegary and delicious.  Don't expect pickles from a jar because these are not...Moonshine & Rootbeer - Seriously? Moonshine? Mixed with rootbeer? Sweet but tasty.Went here for lunch right before heading to the airport and leaving NOLA... sigh. I must say this was a perfect way to end my trip!First, love the atmosphere. The warm wood tones make you feel totally at home. The chairs could be a little more comfy, but they do look neat.I went with a friend and we ordered boudin, fried alligator and the cochon de lait. Loved the boudin. I think it was my favorite part of the meal. It was spicy and served with homemade mustard and spicy pickled onions. I'm not a huge alligator fan, but the version here was pretty good, too. It was lightly fried with a spicy sauce that complemented the meat nicely. The cochon de lait was pretty darn good too. The sauce was heavy and it went down nicely with a Lazy Magnolia Golden Ale to cut the richness. The food is good, but both times I've been here, the dessert is what blows me away. On my first trip it was an utterly perfect strawberry shortcake. This time, it was key lime pie topped with caramel and candied cashews. I thought it was an innovative combination of citrus, sweet and salt and it made for a fantastic end to my meal. Also worth mentioning, after hearing all the hype about this place, I was impressed with the pricing, especially when compared with other foodie restaurants in N'awlins. I'll be back on my next visit to town!Tip: we went for Monday lunch and it was perfect timing for a relaxed meal. We arrived without reservations and were able to get right in, kick back and enjoy some delicious food!Although the atmosphere is more New York than New Orleans, well worth a visit.   Be sure to make a reservation as the crowds local and tourist alike are already well aware of Cochon.   Cochon (French for pig) takes common comfort food and makes it almost gourmet.   The majority of the items here are made in-house from pig, although there are plenty of other options should you not think the swine is divine.    Personally, my choice for the last meat on earth would be bacon, so I opted for the pork shoulder (amazing melt in your mouth goodness) and the special arugula salad with fried goat cheese and house cured bacon made from pork tenderloin.   Both were absolutely amazing.   Since you are in New Orleans, I would strongly recommend you try the gumbo, which I'd guess doesn't get ordered here much but was fantastic.   The boudin appetizer and side dishes (greens and creamy grits) were also fantastic.   Full bar + infused moonshine (yum) along with several local draft beers.    Service was strong and friendly and pricing is very reasonable for what you are getting.   In the warehouse district with a couple bar options close enough to walk before or after.   Makes for a nice break from the quarter if you are staying down there.  Visit the Cochon Butcher next door for lunch and take home goodness.EPIC.  MEAL.This is the type of quality that I was hoping for at Emeril's restaurant.  Cochon was an amazing southern cooking experience where literally everything we had was great.fried alligator - juicy GREATnessboucherie plate - meaty GREATnesssmoked beef brisket - tender GREATnesstwice baked stuffed potato - starchy GREATnesspork dish that i forgot - alzheimers GREATness!How do you review a place that has 600 reviews already?! Everything that needs to be said has basically already been said... This place is very hyped up... and for good reason. The food is great, inventive, creative and concentrates on the quality of the meat. What more could you want? Well to top it off the service and staff are friendly, humorous and all have a great attitude. That is what puts this place over the top for me.For our meal I had the gumbo, it was pretty good but I have had better in New Orleans. The rabbit sausage sandwich was really good the smoked ham hoc was great too. I want to come back and have a full on dinner here.You MUST eat here, and you probably should bring a few people cause you'll want to sample everything on the menu. First of all, the interior is super cool. Very woodsy but modern - the chairs are especially cool. I like how the banquettes light up between the wood slats - nice design. Second of all, their drinks are amazing. After sampling Pat O'Brien's version of the hurricane, I was convinced it was the grossest drink ever, but Cochon serves one that is the most delicious drink I've ever tasted with fresh fruit juice. Thirdly, the food. The food is amazing and Southern. Our group of four sampled almost everything and we loved almost everything. The rabbit livers with jelly was a standout, the boucherie platter was also divine. The fried alligator was tender and delicious. We had a special of fried poached egg in polenta that was creamy and delicious, and for an entree we shared the brisket and horseradish potato salad. It was so good that just writing about it makes me want to return to New Orleans ASAP. I had heard that New Orleans had great food, but this place is seriously legit. It's not a matter of "if" I return, but "when" I return.This was some awesome stuff. Normally I am wary of any place that serves sandwiches for more than fifteen bucks alone, but I couldn't have cared less about the price when I was finished eating. The food was simply incredible. Extremely tender meat seasoned and slow cooked so well I felt guilty eating it. But that didn't stop me. No, because the meat is paired so well with other ingredients. Fresh, flavorful ingredients. The pork ribs and pickled watermelon were fantastic. But the special sandwich, pulled goat with boursin on dense peasant bread with sprouts...oh my it was incredible. I write this review a month since eating the food, and that sandwich still resonates with me so strongly. I guess what I'm saying is, if you're heading there, pick me up something too, would you?What can I say? If I lived in NO (which I would in a heartbeat), I would be a regular visitor.Top 10 meal of my entire life. Albeit, it's only been a quarter century, but I try to get around, gastronomically speaking.I made reservations here for my girlfriend and me, while sitting in a dingy San Francisco apartment. After reading Yelp and the menu, it was a highlight on our cross-country trip for me.After driving 14 hours that day to get into NO, I would have eaten anything, but I could tell this was a real treat once we got seated. Superb atmosphere. An older crowd, of course, but pleasant. Service was great.For drinks, I got the Foghorn Leghorn. It was reminiscent of the drink I was trying to capture, which was a Gold Rush (whiskey and honey). It was refreshing and tasty. Try it if you usually get a whiskey cocktail when you're out.My girlfriend got the rabbit and dumplings which is overwhelming in portion and appearance, but very delectable. I got the bacon oyster sandwich because we were in town for one night and I needed to kill the pork and seafood bird with one stone.Anyway, you know where this is going. If you're looking for something friendly and upscale, I don't know if you could do better. Yelp lead me here and I'm leading you here as well. You won't be disappointed.First dinner in NOLA with some of my favorite people in this world... whodathunk it would be the food that would taint sucha a perfect outing... I had such high expectations after reading all the great reviews here and all the recommendations from friends, but can you say, disappointed?A group of 6 of us arrived and were promptly seated as we had reservations. SUPER! Me likes not having to wait. Besides the amazing ambiance and friendly service, the food was a total miss. We ordered their signature cochon dish which is like a pulled pork - extremely salty, the chicken entree - "Meh. I've experienced better" =), the fried alligator - interesting.. it really did taste like chicken!, bbq ribs - sauce was tangy and wayy over salted, eggplant appetizer dish - no bueno to say the least, mac & cheese - I guess you can'r really go wrong with mac and cheese.. can you?Everything was so salty it stung! And to top that off, my drinking glass had lipstick stains all over... ok honest mistake, the waiter changed up the glass right away. But then my new glass came with another surprise... as I was about to drink my water, there it was! What looked like a dust bunny trapped inside an ice cube staring right at me. I was so grossed out... sighsOne star for the ambiance/service and another for my very first foodgasm when trying their pineapple upside down cake dessert... a MUST order if you go... everything else was a big BLEH.I have to say I was not very adventurous in my meal choices...HOWEVER...this was the PERFECT place for a fun and absolutely delicious dinner.  For his appetizer my fiance ordered the pigs cheeks ( i guess thats kind of different) and I tried a bite - YUMMMMMMMY!!!!!  I wish I had ordered them.  I ordered the crab stuffed artichoke - I have a really hard time turning anything down that involves crab. It was amazing as well.  It had a great smokey flavor to it and I cant stop thinking about it!  For our entrees we ordered the briskett and the Cochan with a side of mac and cheese.  I have ZERO complaints about anything.  The flavors were different, amazing and left me wanting more and more and more even though I was completely stuffed!!!Service was perfect - I have nothing bad to say at all.  The atmosphere was great, the people were great, the food was amazing, and the price was right!!!!!  5 starts all the way around.  You're missing out bigtime if you dont experience this restaurant while your in New Orleans - and if you live there and havent tried it yet - GO!!!!!!!I ate at Cochon after a good recommendation and seeing it on After Hours with Daniel.We went on a Wednesday night, which was a great decision, not too busy. flic.kr/p/9uQPCY We started at the bar and I was indecisive so just had the cute brunette behind the bar pick a drink and she made this specialty drink with Whiskey and Orange Juice to start, kinda tasted like bad OJ at first, but after a few sips tasted All Good! I drank Napa Red Cabernet Wine through out the meal which paired well with the meat and kept the good vibes flowing.Sampled 3 different appetizers, Fried Alligator, Rabbit Liver, and a daily special Pork with Fava Beans. All appetizers were appetizing and tasty! For the entrée I had the Louisiana Cochon with Turnips, Cabbage & Cracklins which tasted similar to a pork sandwich without the bread, topped with pork rinds. Don't let my description make it sound bad at all, it had better quality and flavors then any pork sandwich I have ever had. flic.kr/p/9uQQ7dFor dessert shared the Butterscotch Pudding with Pralines, WHOA!! Rich, a little sweet, and addictive!We made friends with this French Canadian couple from Montreal who were RV'ing all over the U.S. and Mexico, and we all ate together and had a great time. flic.kr/p/9uQQyNService was attentive and food for five people came out at the right time, same time, and fast. No issues at all.Watch After Hours with Daniel where they ate at Cochon: hulu.com/watch/22904/aft…Always great3/5 the magic didn't happen.i don't know if we just chose all the wrong things, or what, but i was kinda like "oh, this is what folks rave about?"make a reservation, because they do stay packed. we were lucky to get tables outside on a not-so-hot evening. we started with the boudin for the table, which to me was just kinda like a soy-sauce flavored; actually the entire evening may have been a bit too salty. we all got different entrees and one diner had a whole fish which looked like it flaked just beautifully (but it doesn't come with any sides); another did a app combo of the gumbo and gator. of the many gumbos she was marathoning over her visit, she admitted it wasn't quite up there. finally i got the rabbit stew, which had this stringy root vegetable of some kind that didn't quite cook all the way or should have been peeled off - i ended up that guy at the table who kept having to pick something out of my mouth because i bit into something that seemed like i shouldn't have.we ended up staying a minute for conversation and they were nice about not kicking us out (guess it wasn't that full that evening), but i am going to need some guidance to adjust my experience in the future.Excellent!  I have eaten twice here over two different trips - the menu, cooking staff and service delivers.  The pork shoulder with cracklin is a must and a standout. My friend who is a vegetarian was even wowed by what the chef pulled together for him. And I was too.The menu was very well laid out and the service was top notch.Growing up with a mother that cooked most of the things offered on the menu made choosing a specific dish difficult because I knew it would be hard to top her cooking. I opted to go with an appetizer of the boudin balls and was pleasantly surprised. Most boudin balls I've encountered around the Lafayette area tends to have a very pronounced liver taste but the ones offered at Cochon were very clean tasting and absolutely no hint of liver. My only complaint was that they were slightly under-seasoned. For a main course I had the catfish courtbouillion. The catfish was cooked perfectly and beautifully prepared but the rice left me wanting a slightly thicker gravy. I would definitely recommend the dish to someone that has never experienced a true courtbouillion before though.Best meal since we got here!  I had the Pork Flank which was insane and delicious!  We also enjoyed the Oyster and Shrimp appetizers.   Food was very fresh and presented beautifullly.  Service was great and the atmosphere was very friendly.  We ended up talking to everyone who was seated near us, sharing what we had ordered and our stories.  Wonderful evening!  Best yet.This is the first time I'd had fried alligator.It tasted like a chicken that could kick my ass.The chicken/andouille gumbo was a little disappointing.The catfish was great.The boudin was fine.The mac n' cheese was good.ate dinner here a few yrs ago and nothing impressed me. Then my friend started working there and kept telling me how busy they were and what a happening place it is.  So we went for lunch today,started with the oysters(chili peppers,butter,garlic) basic, spicy and delicious...the ribs had  watermelon rinds on top(combo of sweet and savory) very good....next was the oys BLT,bread was a little too toasted but overall a good sandwich...cochon with cabbage and cracklins and apple pie with sour cream ice cream for dessert.  Expensive comfort foodIn the food Mecca of Nawlins, this place meets all expectations.  Cochon is a "off the beaten path" restaurant that serves a mixture of foods.  Cool vibe and casual ambiance.  You can definitely see that the locals frequent this place.Here's what my party had:Oyster roast:  Six large oysters with some spicy sauce.  Outstanding.Gumbo:  laced with some cilantro....the best gumbo I have ever tried.Alligator bites: reminded me of the Bang Bang shrimp but obviously better.  YUM!!!Main courses consisted of the Cobia and the braised beef with horseradish potato salad.  Both entrees were outstanding.Desserts....we had two.  The apple pie "thingie" was quite tasty but the chocolate peanut butter dessert was outstanding.  Cochon is a place to try if in the area.If you want to pay $90 for 2 people to eat some pillowy dinner rolls and butter, be my guest.If you want to pay $90 to lick a couple of nice looking salt blocks, also be my guest.What a disappointing restaurant. I had hoped the hype would have led to excellent cuisine, but sadly it didn't.The conchon, the rabbit stew and the macaroni and cheese were all WAY too salty, and I am a huge salt lover. So, so, so, sooooooo salty! I can't stress it enough!The ribs, however, were pretty much spectacular. I recommend those, but that's it (from my experience).What a shame.This has to be one of my favorite spots in New Orleans.  Cajun Southern food served at its best.  Cochon is exactly what I came to New Orleans for.  The food was so good I wanted to try it all.  Fried alligator with chili garlic aiola.  Let that sink in for a second.  Now let me say it again.  Fried alligator with chili garlic aiola.  That thing was amazing.  I wanted to put teh garlic aiola sauce on everything.  Id slather that on my cereal if I could.  We split it with three people and it was a good portion size even though I could have eaten the whole thing by myself.  We also had the boucherie plate which was just as delicious.  They served a side of pulled pork on it that was pulled so finely we had no idea it was pork.  The twice baked stuffed potato was just as delicious as you would imagine it to be.  As my main entree I had the fish of the day which happened to be the grouper.  The duck leg was really good as well so if you're a duck fan, you wont be disappointed.I would come back to New Orleans just to eat at Cochon.During a very spontaneous recent trip to NOLA, we made sure we dined at a little restaurant called: Cochon. (Thanks to our friend, Robbie, for booking the reservation!) It was quite a far walk from our hotel, Parc Saint Charles, and the French Quarter but we sped our toots down there not to miss out on the famous Cochon! As we arrived right in the nick of time out of breath, I noticed an outdoor seating area. Inside was bursting with cold air conditioning and we were promptly seated with fresh waters. Once I opened the menu, it was like a breath of fresh air. A true southern girl at heart, I fell deep in hunger (and love!) with the selection. We ordered an array of eateries:1.) fried alligator with chili garlic aioli (like cripsy, chewy chicken...I liked it as an appetizer!)2.) cucumbers & herbs in vinegar (to cool you off a little but it got redundant to me eating little cucumbers...'twas more of a side dish)3.) braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, apple sauce & goat feta (*droolz)4.) smothered duck leg & dirty rice dressing (a bit pricey but oh-so-good-and-tender!)5.) smoked brisket with horseradish potato salad (very filing and tasty!)6.) I wanted to try something on tap so I ordered the Abita Amber beer!The chefs were on point and my taste buds were celebrating in my mouth. They had me saying "gotttdayummm!" (inside joke hehe) oh good ol' Nawlins!Wonderful ambiance. Eclectic menu. Mushroom salad was stupendous!  The "runt of the litter" on the menu, beef brisket, turned out to be "melt in your mouth" delicious.  Horseradish potato salad was a perfect compliment. Oyster and meat pie was flakey and flavorful.  Cochon platter was unique and tasty. Drinks were a good pour.  Great staff and dining experience.  Wish we had time to try Couchon Bucher also.  Next time.Their mantra here is "In Lard We Trust," but unfortunately I didn't have any pork dishes. I kept to flavors particular the NOLA area -- gumbo, fried alligator, crawfish pie. I would liken the dishes to refined, modern, and classy Southern food.The place itself has a very fresh, new and hip aesthetic. All hosts, servers, and bartenders are extremely friendly. They really work to accomodate your experience.Also, the mixed bourbon drinks are quite good -- I had the orange rye whiskey and it was mixed well. Flavors are balanced well. A heavy pour doesn't not designate a good drink, and this pour was even throughout.Gumbo w/ deviled egg: rich, dark deep spin on the traditional gumbo. The deviled egg and cream really contrasts the flavors well. Great flavors.Fried alligator: not overly fried. Tastes like chicken, but a little gamier, to be expected if you've had alligator before.Crawfish pie: subtle flavors, unfortunately the crust and fillings cover up the taste of the crawfish. Not much spice, I would pass over this.All in all, a great experience and definitely a must visit if you are on the area. It also smells amazingly good inside.Come to eat the wood-fired oyster roast!An awesome restaurant to start the day! Some of the freshest oysters, delish crab cake, and tasty crawfish pie. Crab cake is freshly made with garnish on top. Free bread they gave was fresh, but a little on the dry side. I'd have to say my favorite part was the oysters. It's rare to come across savory oysters!Definitely one of our best meals in New Orleans!  I really liked the atmosphere.  It was modern but casual, and it felt very lively.  The menu is jam packed with so many choices, so family style is a good way to go if you want to try it all!We started off with the fried alligator, fried cracklins (pork skins), spicy grilled pork ribs, paneed pork cheeks, and shaved mushroom & onion salad.  The fried alligator and ribs were def my favs.  I've had alligator a couple times before, but this was definitely the best I've had!  Fried pork skin is a little weird for me, but everyone else seemed to love it.  The pork cheeks were pretty good as well, and the salad was good but nothing special.  We also tried the gumbo, and it was probably the best gumbo of the trip! For entrees we had the Louisiana cochon, ham hock, roasted goat, smoked beef brisket, mac & cheese side, and crawfish casserole side.  All of the entrees were superb!  The meats were all perfectly cooked, and great flavors.  I've never had goat before, and it was definitely the star of the evening!  The mac & cheese was delish - I could eat a whole plate of that stuff.And don't forget dessert!  The most important course of any meal.  The gateau de chocolat was good, but the pineapple upside down cake was sooo good.  The accompanying coconut-lime sorbet was a great compliment, I couldn't get enough of it.Cochon is definitely a must if you're visiting, and if you live in New Orleans, then you're lucky that you can go anytime you want!  Staff was friendly, atmosphere was great, food was fantastic.  What's not to like?My friends and I spent a weekend in NOLA to visit my friend who grew up there. For dinner the first night, she brought us to Cochon. She thought it would be a good introductory dinner to the local flavors. We were seated outside in the nice, warm weather and the 5 of us poured over the extensive menu. We decided that we wanted to try as many different dishes as possible, so we decided to go "family style" and ordered 4 appetizers, 2 salads and 1 entree. Before the food came out, they brought us some delicious, warm, buttery rolls! This was a great start to an excellent first meal in NOLA. Our appetizers and salads came out promptly, with the entree not too far behind. We tried: fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, fried boudin with pickled peppers, spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle, fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast, arugula salad with pickled squash, crispy pig ears & charred cayenne dressing, green salad with peas, beets, goat cheese & roasted satsuma dressing, and the rabbit & dumplings.The appetizers & salads were all amazing. I loved the unique flavors, especially with the salads! I especially liked the charred cayenne dressing, which was not too spicy, but perfectly flavorful. It was a really filling meal and I would recommend others to go with a larger group so you can try more dishes!Had a pretty good meal here.  The drinks are good and we'll very strong... so I can't remember much except the food was very good... it is very meat centric though :/Disclaimer: I'm allergic to nuts and don't eat seafood or red meat meat or pork.The staff accommodated my allergies and I left satisfied with a wonderful pumpkin garlic soup and macaroni casserole. Some of the best mac n cheese I've had to date.Excellent service.Good food, but had to sit outside, which sort of ruined the experience.GET RESERVATIONS!!Oink Swine Oink!This James Beard Winning restaurant knows it's Piggy! Cochon was top of my list to try given the on slough of reviews I read prior to arriving to NOLA. Everything they say is true!Louisiana Cochon - Get this, pulled pork patty, deep fried sitting a light root veggie consume. Not greasy as one would think, the outer fried crust was crispy and added a nice contrast to the pulled pork.Fried Alligator - The garlic chili aioli tricked me into thinking I was eating a buffalo wing. The alligator was cooked to perfection, not too rubbery but still had its bite. Very enjoyable.The true gem of Cochon, the bar and bartenders. Outstanding service and their recommendations couldn't have been more spot on. I returned 3 more nights for the Strawberry Moonshine. Untouchable. My only regret is missing the Oyster and Bacon Sandwich! A reason to return.Located in the warehouse district, Cochon cannot be beat.  I've been here 3 times and have eaten at the bar, a table, and the seats that peek into the kitchen.  The décor is very modern and hip.  If you go on the weekend for dinner you probably need to make a reservation because the place will be packed.My favorite dishes are the wood fired oysters, which I have to say are the best broiled/grilled oysters that I've had in town.  Simply amazing.   The fried alligator small plate is also to die for.   For entrees, I'd recommend the Pork Shoulder and the Redfish.   The redfish was simply delightful.While not overly pricey, the food here is not cheap.  You are paying for excellent food, presentation, and service.  And the service is top notch.  Cochon is definitely on my list of best places to dine at in town.It is a lot of fun to eat here. They have a lot of food that you don't find very often. They go through about a pig a week! They make everything themselves, from the pickles to the mustard. I would recommend trying to get a seat and the counter looking in on the kitchen. It's fun to chat and watch them work and sometimes they give you things to try. I got:Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli- When I've had alligator before, it has pretty much just been a gimmick. Here you can not just say that you ate alligator, but that you ate really well made alligator.Head cheese- This was my first time eating the cool jellied meat substance. I think it is probably an acquired taste. They brought it out complimentary with crunchy cracker bread, bread and butter pickles, and mustard.Fried boudin with pickled peppers (AKA Boudin balls)- This was pretty delicious; rice works quite well in a sausage. It came with mustard and pickled banana peppers.Wood-fired oyster roast- Mmmm, they put the oysters on a bed of rock salt as a nod to the bed of ice that cold oysters are served on.Pig cracklin- What's not to like about a complimentary piece of fried pig skin.Double Chocolate pudding with samoas- Maybe I'm uncultured, but I have trouble noticing a huge difference between cheap and expensive pudding. There is some difference though and this also had very good whipped cream and an imitation samoa that they made.Overall, there wasn't anything that I desperately-must-eat-again-all-the-time-yes-­please, but it was all really delicious and well made.Came here for a "business" dinner (i.e., an excuse to go out drinking and eating on the company dime), and this was one of the better upscale dining places I visited while in NOLA. One thing to point out upfront is that Yelp classifies this place as a seafood and cajun/creole place, which is a little weird because its really neither; this place is all about pork, for god's sakes the name is french for pig. Granted, there are a few fish/seafood dishes and there may be a bit of cajun spice on some of the food, but if you're looking for a seafood or cajun/creole joint I would skip Cochon.That's my Yelp rant, now on to the food and drinks, which were amazing. I've never had pork cooked so many ways, and I would recommend getting a number of entrees and splitting them to maximize all of the porky goodness. They have a decent bourbon  and beer selection (ask for the full bourbon list), and the one person in our group that ordered mixed drinks gave a thumbs up. For the part of town it's in, this is the place to be if you want to go out for a night of trendy but not "too trendy" dinner and drinks in NOLA.I was deeply disappointed in this restaurant. I am a huge fan of pork so this came as a surprise! We tried the wood-fired oyster (OK), fried alligator with chili garlic aioli (good), Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins (not impressed at all), and twice-baked stuffed potato (meh).The restaurant was busy and our waitress had her hands full. They forgot about my potato and we had to chase down our bill.This place is fantastic. A great ambience - the food is incredible and I didn't even have any of the dishes that are most mentioned in reviews. I sat at the bar while I was here and what made my experience, besides the chill clientele and strong drinks were the bar tenders; Miles in particular. They were all attentive but he walked me through picking out my first glass of Bourbon and is apparently the Yoda of liquor and Bourbon in the place. So awesome and has a righteous beard. Will be stopping here the next time I am in town for sure.I am blown away by the reviews on this place - I really expected something amazing.  I was so underwhelmed and still hungry that we left and went to Emeril's down the street.  It was my first time in New Orleans and I was really looking forward to some great food. We arrived and had the boudin balls that were extremely good - it got me excited for things to come. I ordered the Louisiana Cochon - it was beyond bad. Like two bites and I was done. It's really hard to screw up pork but somehow they managed.  Probably the driest piece of meat I have ever been served - wheat bread had more moisture than this pork. My girlfriend had the fish on the menu - it was well prepared but unbelievably bland.  Again we were both blown away.  I dont even know how they could make it this neutral.  It had the flavor comparison to tofu.  I'm sure you thing I am exaggerating but I'm not - that is why we were so blown away. Luckily they were quick at bringing us the bill because we had booked a table at Emrils down the street and they closed at 10.We ate here while on vacation over the holidays in NOLA and weren't impressed - the reviews make this place seem a LOT better than it actually was. We attempted to change our reservation and were told it would be a $25 per person charge to do so - but when we got there (at the time of our reservation), we had to wait for 15-20 min to get a table. We were admittedly a large party (it was the holidays) and I imagine that it's hard to seat a party of 9, however, they seated us DIRECTLY next to the door so cold air was blowing in and out any time people entered or left the restaurant. When we asked to move, or at least push the tables a bit farther from the door, we were told it wasn't possible.The food was okay - honestly, I've had better. I had the rabbit and dumplings and it was fine, but nothing to write home about. The wine was pretty good. However, every other phrase out of their mouths was "I'm sorry, but we are out of that." "Can I get the oyster and bacon sandwich?" "No, sorry, we are out of oysters." "Okay, how about the gulf fish?" "Sorry, we're out of that too." "Can we get a Swimming Hole drink?" "No, sorry, we're out of ginger beer." Our reservation was at 730 - how are you out of everything already?In addition, they were very married to their menu with no changes or substitutions - my sister asked for the ham hock but without the red beans/rice salad and was told that wasn't possible. That's their prerogative but it gets frustrating and wasteful when you have to pick the things you dislike off your food. We had a similar issue with dessert - we ordered a scoop of ice cream for my developmentally delayed cousin and were told that's not possible - the ice cream only comes in TWO scoops. Come on, we weren't asking for a discount, just put one less scoop of ice cream in the bowl.All in all, the food was fine, and the service was quite poor. We won't be recommending it.This was our first stop in NOLA. Tried the obligatory fried alligator. Wood fried oysters were good. Mac and cheese was good. It was above place to try and the ambiance was nice. Good lovely place for groups. Food could have been a little better."The Two-Dollar Tip:"I am a great tipper in general, but i think i gave our waiter around $2. He was completely rude, hard to find during the meal and seemed insincere and scripted.  So, since we couldn't fine him,wer called upon another server who was equally as rude if not worse...The food (meal and dessert) however was really good. My personal opinion of the restaurants' look was blah blah blah! I am not a big modern-design fan and my friend who is was even bored with it. PS The hostess was really helpful and we let her know about the service.We were very fortunate to have found this gem in the Warehouse/Arts District while searching for a place close to our hotel. From the service, to the decor, and especially the food, Cochon is an A+ establishment across the board. The space within the restaurant is gorgeous, and it has a really hip and fun vibe to it. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and I would really have to dig to find a negative thing to say about this place. The food is what really puts Cochon in a league of its own. I started with the fried alligator tail, and my wife got the mushroom salad...wow, both dishes were FANTASTIC! I would definitely recommend the alligator, but the mushroom salad with beef jerky and mint is also very unique and a surprisingly delicious combination. We got to know a couple sitting next to us at the chef's counter, and they both raved about the beef brisket. As a lover of all things cow, I obviously went the brisket route: smart choice! The brisket along with the horseradish potato salad was superb. Also, because I love eggplant, I got a side of the eggplant with shrimp. My only regret about Cochon is that I overstuffed myself with the appetizers and main course and didn't save room for dessert. Come with a big appetite and leave with a big smile!An excellent jambalaya of san francisco and new Orleans styles and tastes.  The restaurant is beautiful in a relaxed way with warm wood appointments all around.Our server was great and enthusiastic about the restaurant - always a plus.Try whatever is seasonal on the menu you can't go wrong.  From cocktail to apps to entrees everything on our table was both delicious and artfully presented.  The deviled crab was a highlight.  Hog's the word - both the Louisiana cochon and ham hock were fine.  The cochon is high-class carnitas, savory, and the hock was full of smoky goodness.  Lima beans were addictive.  They were out of the chosen dessert but that's okay - you won't go hungry here.The only ding is a rearing of the head of the salt monster... They are walking a tightrope between addiction and repulsion and though they stayed in bounds on each individual dish, we all experienced cumulative salt fatigue.Quality of ingredients and preparation are first-rate, prices fair. Almost a 5 - if they backed off a bit on the salt it would be a solid 5.My husband and I were visiting New Orleans and we were on the hunt for delicious dinner fare, thank goodness we came across Cochon. We made a reservation for 8:30 on a Tuesday and as we walked up the street all of the surrounding restaurants were deserted. Cochon was absolutely busting at the seams, always a great sign! The interior sounds terrible on paper, but is really cool looking. It is a mix of wood, plaster, brick, and metal but it is very inviting and interesting to look at. The place is very open and it was fun seeing the kitchen and the plates being expedited. We decided on a few small plates and were absolutely delighted. Here is a run down of our meal:Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli - I seriously couldn't have been more pleased when this hit my palate. The perfect mixture of salt, sweet, and spicy. The alligator was the tinniest bit tough but this was one of those dished that I didn't want to end...ever. Spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle - Do yourself a favor and give these ribs a try. I have never tasted ribs like this before and trust me I have eaten plenty of ribs! The sauce was perfect and the watermelon had a wonderful texture and flavor. I know, watermelon doesn't have the most distinct flavor and you would think that it would get lost with the ribs but this is culinary genius on a plate people!Iceberg lettuce with bacon bits, radishes and peppercorn dressing - This salad was disappointing, but frankly we needed some vegetables in our lives after all of the Soul Food. Skip the salad, stick to the meat.Mac and Cheese Casserole - The mac and cheese was definitely delicious, but just a little bit salty. That certainly didn't stop me from eating every tiny morsel, especially the edges around the mini cast iron pan.Fried Peach Pie with salted caramel sauce and sour cream ice cream - I am obsessed with peach pie and I certainly can't find it in Vegas so I capitalized on the chance to try it here. The pie and the ice cream were good, but the caramel sauce overpowered everything else on the plate. I think this dish would have been more successful without the sauce.Overall, we had an excellent dining experience. The food was surprisingly delicious, I say surprisingly because I hadn't planned to dine here and I usually have a list of restaurants at the ready.  The service was definitely fantastic and I will be talking about the alligator for weeks to come!Cochon is so well reviewed it hardly seems worth the effort to add another one, but I just wanted to make a couple of recs if you go. Definitely take advantage of the small plates menu - the pork cheeks, boudin and the rabbit livers are OMG wow. The alligator is very good as well, just very, very rich. And save room for dessert, the pineapple upside down cake should not be missed. For the lush in you, the craft cocktail menu is amazing - inventive and high quality ingredients are par for the course. Having a drink while you wait for your table to be ready is a good experience - it will really put you in the mood for what is sure to be a fabulous meal.I have eaten in restaurants throughout the country and in big cities. This was the best meal i ever had in my life. Cannot say enough about it. The baked oysters were to die for, and they made a salad with brussel sprouts and chick peas with a dressing that was just delicious. If it wasn't that there are so many great restaurants in new Orleans and i was only there for 4 days i would have eaten at this place every night. If you are going to New Orleans do NOT repeat do NOT miss this restaurant.Went here with a party of 7 people. The food was fabulous and the ambience was a perfect compliment to the food. Our waitress told us we really couldn't go wrong with anything. She was right.You order everything at once, so the chef can time your meal, and trust me, it's better this way.Some of what we ordered: paneed pork cheeks with onion gravy, fig, and goat cheese, fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast, pork & black eyed pea gumbo with greens, roasted shrimp with ham, chilis, satsumas & cornbread cake, fried heirloom tomatoes...and that's only the starters.Our waitress told us to get the Cochon. Rather than have every person at the table order it - I got the ham hock with sweet potatoes, pickled greens & black eyed pea ham broth - OUT OF THIS WORLD. I know what you're thinking...ham hock? Gross. Not so. And I don't even like ham usually.Don't listen to the people saying it's small portions, fried/heavy. Honestly, they don't know what they are talking about. So go, try it for yourself, and save room for the pineapple upside down cake or the chocolate and chicory custard with the cayenne pepper.Cocktail recommendation - Cooter's Bog. Refreshing and the perfect complement to this type of food.I'm going to have to say I was a bit disappointed with this place. My expectations were for REAL Cajun food not a bouchey replacement of southern style Cajun food. It could be because I was craving good Cajun seafood and the hotel recommended this place--known for their pork not seafood.My friend and I ordered family style so we could sample a few dishes each. We both tried the crab bisque, which at first seemed over spiced but then became enticing and addictive! It was very good! I believe they use a heavy cream in it, so it could a meal in itself. Next we tried the alligator, also a disappointment. It was breaded and over sauced, really masking the alligator. It was more of a disappointment to me because my friend had never tried alligator and this was not a great way to start! We finished up with the rabbit and dumplings which was perfect! It was spiced and cooked to perfection! The meat was very tender and the dumplings browned just right! I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for some good pork, I heard it was fantastic and they have the butcher right there in the kitchen preparing the meat! --Im not a porker-(porkeater)As far as the drinks go, they have an extensive wine by the glass list, many beers on tap, including Abita(root beer)! We tried a few cocktails; 2 out of 3 were pretty decent but you can't have too high of hopes ordering a mojito in Louisiana! As far as the price for potions--This place is a tad overpriced. I really should have asked for the moonshine up front then I might have enjoyed this place a bit more!Cochon is excellent.  Truly the spot for the pig conniseur, right down to the wall art.  The only pig part I didn't see on the menu was the tail (and perhaps that was being saved for the dinner menu!).I selected Cochon for a lunch with two colleagues who have become friends, not realizing that one doesn't eat red meat.  She was totally cool about it, ordering fish and even sampling the alligator appetizer my other friend ordered for us to share.  I liked the chili garlic aioli that came with it more than the too-chewy tastes-like-chicken alligator, but it was an interesting new taste.Had I been on my own or ready for a larger meal, I would have ordered the hot sausage appetizer, served with grits, roasted peppers and creole cream cheese.  Instead, I got a side of grits with our entrees which we all shared.After first considering the beef brisket entre, I ordered the ham hock with lima bean hoppin' john & mustard onion jus ($17).  Wow!  I'm sure the brisket would have been great too, but having never seen a ham hock outside of my mother's pea soup (much less on a menu), this dish was a treat.  I was very glad I I ordered it.  For dessert, we shared the strawberry cobbler and I have craved it ever since.  Biscuits, sweet-but-not-too-sweet fruit and fresh whipped cream - perfection.Our service was spectacular.  We asked a lot of questions about the menu and our server was informed in a way that showed that she hadn't just memorized its details, but truly knew its nuances and was passionate about them.Cochon provided an excellent lunch, but our server almost killed the meal. I'm very forgiving when it comes to waiters - I realize how difficult it can be. But our server was flat out mean and had this bad attitude that made us feel we were unwanted at every stage in our meal - taking our orders, checking up on us, removing our food, desert menu's. Aside from that, the food was fantastic! R & O demolished their ribs, practically licking the bones after they had removed all the meat. The Louisiana Cochon was essentially a small cake formed of packed shredded pork over a bed of okra. Super tasty. Wifey got the fried oyster sandwich - super tender oysters which were out of this world. Also, we had a pickle connoisseur among us, and he couldn't stop raving about the pickles "crisp, slightly salty, and utterly delicious."  And don't skimp on the deserts. Our table shared the carrot cake (super huge!), blueberry cobbler (great crunch biscuit), and sherbert (very creamy).  We enjoyed them all. Cochon is definitely high on my list in terms of food quality. I strongly recommend it, but hope nobody else has the bad experience we did with our server.So for two years I've been taking pictures of food at Cochon and texting it to my boyfriend, now husband. If you've read my reviews, you know he's a chef and likes pork anything. I found Cochon thanks to the concierge at the W Hotel on a business trip, and have gone every time, sometimes more than once, each time I've been in New Orleans.So finally, we're in New Orleans on our honeymoon. I made us a reservation like 2 months in advance, which I'd never done and had always sat at the bar before. This time though, the weather conspired against us and a crazy thunderstorm moved in an hour before dinner. I called a cab, and they weren't sure they could get someone to us in time but they did! On the way over to Cochon lighting streaked across the sky, and the rain continued to fall. We arrived at Cochon but there was nowhere the cab driver could let us off that didn't have 6 inches of water. I took my shoes off and made a run for the door, putting my shoes back ON before entering the restaurant.We were seated, by the always friendly host staff, and proceeded to order drinks, then the charcuterie, the mushroom salad with house-made beef jerky (fancy slim jim), pickled shrimp, as well as the fried oyster and bacon sandwich, and the mustard crusted ham hock. Everything was delicious, nothing took too long to arrive. For dessert we had the pineapple upside down cake, the butterscotch pudding and coffee. I will say, the wait staff, not the best I've experienced there. I get the impression they want people to eat it and beat it, and our waitress wasn't all that friendly, and didn't refill our water glasses or offer another cup of coffee. She was walking away from our table before I had a chance to even ask. I know it's a decent sized restaurant and always busy but this was really off-putting and not something I'd experienced before when sitting at the bar -- even though I was almost always there alone. I don't know what the problem was, but considering the kind of place it is, the idea that I would ever have to ask for a water refill is pretty inexcusable.I am so glad I finally got to take my husband here, and the meal was delicious, but I wish I wasn't having to remove a star from my rating because of the service. I hope it's not indicative of management's treatment of the staff, or of the staff being burnt out. Regardless I will definitely give it another chance next time I am there.The smothered greens wasn't what it was cracked out to be.  The Louisiana Cochon was ok, nothing too special to distinguish a certain taste or flavor.  The shrimp and dumplings were a bit disappointing, had a thick pasty context and plain taste.  The pork ribs was the highlight of the meal.  The Beets and Arugula Salad was refreshing. They are strict on the 15 minute reservation time - if you're a minute late, they will give up your table to someone else.I go for lunch usually.  The menu never disappoints and while it's true service can be hit and miss, mostly it's great.I enjoy the spectrum of offerings but gravitate to the catfish courtboullion (yes, just like MY grandma used to make) or the rabbit n' dumplings.The bar is a little pricey but the drinks are well executed.Few New Orleans restaurants offer this level of menu paired with accessibility of location and atmosphere.  You will feel welcome there, find it easily, and enjoy your experience overall.Another one of those hidden gems that topped my list of customer service.  My bf's Mom found this place so we went to the attached butcher shop for lunch, which I will soon review.  We enjoyed it so much we decided to come back the next day for dinner at Cochon.  They had some interesting beers and were the only restaurant that understood us bringing in our own bottle of wine.  The service was incredible.  They took the time to walk us through the menu and answer any questions we had.  We had many questions because the menu items were unique.  We ordered a few appetizers - the deviled crab and cheddar and a meat plate.  They were both great. I ordered the ham hock with sweet potato puree.  The ham was delicious, so extremely tender and the potatoes were incredible.  It was one of two places that had good bread - what's up with that??  Note to NOLA - bread should be fluffy and dense no one wants to eat packing peanuts! Sorry... back to the point - Everyone else enjoyed the meal - my bf ordered the gulf fish and his parents split the rabbit I believe. We split the root beer parfait and did not care for it but the rest of the meal was divine. Overall - great service, knowledgeable staff, non-touristy, and an interesting menu.Delicious food great ambience and very nice waitersThis is no St. John London, however Cochon is creative enough to have its cult followers in NOLA. The atmosphere is casual and can be very noisy on a Saturday night. I also saw a lot of walk-ins got turned away, so it is necessary to have a reservation if you don't want to have a backup plan ready. Street parking only and no valet.  We had a few small plates and shared Cochon ( pulled pork on pickled vegetable.) For the price paid, the portion was small, and the plating was very "rustic." The pulled pork was moist and well seasoned, but my favorite part was surprisingly the pickled vegetable which soaked up all the bacon goodness. We've had fried alligator many times before in New Orleans, but by far we enjoyed Cochon's version the most. Those little nuggets had the right amount of crispness and spiciness. We could have skipped the chocolate cake and tried more small plates instead. Overall, if you come in without too much expectation and a reservation, Cochon can be a good NOLA experience. Would I go again if I was in town? Maybe, but not before I've made my rounds to the rest of the highly praised restaurants in town.Pretty decent grub.   It'd be very good in any other city, but I have very high standards for New Orleans.  Sadly, after 3 visits since the storm, I am of the opinion that the city's gastronomic pleasures have taken a hit post-Katrina.  Boo hoo.On the bright side: fried alligator!  some yummy lime-gin drink!  charcuterie plate!On the boo-hoo side: most annoying wait staff EVER.  Seriously, we had two different waiters, both of whom were a combination of obnoxious and plain ole bizarro.  I can handle bizarro on its own, but rude on top?  One waiter demanded complete, rapt attention from our party of 8 during his long-winded, hyperbolic explanations of every friggin' dish on the menu.  We then had to endure a repeat of this lecture from another waiter-  who refused to believe we'd already heard the schpiel.  Please just let us read the menu and order already.  The service here seriously detracted from a pretty decent meal.What a disappointment. Giada DeLaurentis - are you smoking crack?I couldn't wait to try this place after seeing it on Food TV.  My two girlfriends and I cabbed it over, and took our reserved table.  Ambiance - nice. I love the french rustic vibe. Waiter walks over about 1 minute after we sat down and asked if we were ready to order....um, no. He comes back about 2 mintues later to check on beverages - we asked him for a bottle of Chardonnay (on their standing menu, mind you - and $45).  He leaves...and returns a minute later to tell us they were 'out' of that bottle.  Are you kidding? One of your ONLY 2 bottles of Chardonnay under $50 on your STANDING menu, and you're out? It was a Saturday night, 8pm.  Of course, to add insult to injury, they had ONE selection of Chardonnay that you could buy by the glass.....ONE.  (BTW, it was crap and tasted more like a Sauv Blanc.)We ordered the fried alligator in chili sauce - but were all turned off by the mint leaves they dress it with - just an odd flavor combo which ended up being a theme for the night.I had the roasted fish, which came with (I think) a side of pickled onion?? And I also ordered the greens - which ended up tasting like collards cooked in pure vinegar and sugar. I guess considering the place was called, "PORK", Id get savory greens slow roasted with ham hocks....instead, it was the most acidic, sweet, weird side dish Ive ever had - well, next to the pickled onions -- did not eat either. The fish was severly underseasoned, although, it was roasted perfectly. I had to add salt and pepper, but it was still very bland in flavor. Oh ya....we finished our glass of wine by the time our entree's came and the waiter never asked if we'd like another beverage or glass...um. Really?My friend had the brisket and potato salad (both good), but her side of lima beans were not even room temperature and had to be sent back. Our other friend had the shrimp, and peppercorn salad. Both unmemorable.  The shrimp (shocking I know) was absolutely covered with a pile of pickled relish.  What is up with all the vinegar???Dessert was....odd. A flourless chocolate cake (about 1/2 inch thick) with about a 1 inch, thick, layer of sour cream custard that completely overpowered the cake. That, coupled with a roasted peach sauce left us thinking - why? We had about three waiters revolving and serving us - which I find annoying. The end of our experience was topped off with a group of 7 young assholes cat-calling us from another table. What is this, Denny's???The ONLY saving grace was the help of the Manager who proceeded to discount half of our bill. She told the table to shut the f*ck up and have some respect. She was pretty baddass and very, very apologetic. She promised they were usually on point - and comped us a round of Moonshine.  So to her - Thank You, much appreciated. I may actually come back to give her another chance - for her service and attitude about the entire thing, I gave an extra star.It was really a bummer - we were on a girls weekend vacation, and were all really looking forward to ending it with a nice dinner at Cochon. But, unfortunately, it left us feeling underwhelmed and regretfull for going there.Rule #8, FRY THE HELL OUT OF IT!Looked at the menu online and this place doesn't waste flour and oil... and WOW is it good!1st place I went to when I got to N.O.L.A. and ordered half the menu. The fried gator is awesome, the ribs were great, the fish was supurb, and the bourbon medley was a great finisher!Service was very attentive and knowledgeable as well!Well worth the triple bypass in 30 years.The best way to describe this cuisine is American (southern) style tapas. It's as if you take classic and wonderful Southern cooking and infuse with the flaire of Spanish tapas. I have never stepped into a restaurant quite like Cochon; maybe because I've spent most of my time in the west coast, I don't know. Anyway, what a pleasant place from the service, food and atmosphere. :)I can't remember all that purchased the night I had a chance to dine here except for the alligator because that was the first time I had the chance to have a taste of it. I remember the texture resembling close to lobster, but tougher (not a deterring tough though). The alligator was not overly breaded and the spices/herbs infused in the dish was balanced well. I mainly nibbled more on the vegetable dishes which to my surprise there was a good amount to choose from. The vegetable dishes mainly came as a side dishes.  Regardless whether you choose a vegetarian dish or something more meaty, I think you will be in for a delight. I hope to come back here again when I come and visit NOLA.As a visitor to NOLA, I really just needed someplace that would give me a solid glass of wine, a nice ambiance, and a crowd that would not be wearing mardi gras beads and holding a flourescent vial of some bottom-shelf liquor cabinet concoction.  Our hotel was in the warehouse artist district, and Cochon was the perfect remedy for one too many nights on Bourbon St.  Perfectly sized - cozy without being a closet.Friendly service - no need for reservations with a hostess that actually wants to seat you!Good wine list - everything from cheap-but-tasty Pierre Sparr to big-baller reserve wines.Ahhhhmazing food - the gumbo was delicious and generously sized... the mushroom salad w/ fried beef jerky was awesome (was it just me or was there a hint of mintiness & lemon?  sounds crazy, but it was good)... the wood-fired oysters were PERFECT... the roasted shrimp appetizer w/ corn cake was my friend's favorite... and the andouille & sweet potato pie was the perfect precursor to Fall dining...yummmmm.Price ~ for 5 small (but super filling) plates & a half bottle of wine, we paid $66.  Two large appetites left perfectly full, so I think that price is juuust right.  I recommend sitting at the chef's counter - not only do you get to eye all the food before it's served, you also get to give a little wink-wink to the chef himself.  Oh and the bread basket???  Those soft, pillowy rolls may have been my favorite part of the evening.  What can I say... It's the small things that impress me.Really awesome restaurant!! I may have hd the capacity to enjoy it more if I wasnt eating for the 10 hours prior, but still cool atmosphere and tasty food. The oysters were luxurious, my Ham Hock entree was also delicious and the other various things I tried were tasty, too. Here's what everyone at the table hadfried alligator with chili garlic aioli fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast ham hock with sweet potatoes, pickled greens & black eyed peaLouisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklinswood-fired oyster roastspicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon picklesmoked beef brisket with horseradish potato saladoven-roasted gulf fish "fisherman's style"lima beansmacaroni and cheese casserolecreamy gritssmothered greensroot beer parfaitgâteau de chocolatpineapple upside down cakeit was all very tasty, though I didnt try the Brisket but otherwise very enjoyable!!!All the small dishes are fantastic"Cochon" dish was a little disappointingService was top notchThe fried alligator was my favorite. Definitely a recommend! The oysters were quite delicious as well.Rabbit and dumplings.. It was just okay, wouldnt order it again.I forgot what it was called but it was some kind of fish.. But it was pretty good and the portion was good.Um, yummm.  Comfort food at its finest. We ordered an obscene amount of food just because we couldn't narrow down what we wanted, and I'm glad we did. It was all fantastic!  Go, go, go!For the Melon and I It's day 2 in N'awlins for a conference.  It's like coming home for me.  I'm downtown at the conference center and passed this place twice.  We had reservations at K-Pauls, but felt lazy to take the 15 block walk, decided to give this spot a chance.  Man am I glad we did.  I started off with some Gumbo, which was perfect.  Made just the way it's supposed to be.  That may not sound like much of a recommendation, but when you've had as many bowls of bad gumbo as I have, you're thankful.  For apps, we had the alligator bites which was spicy and had this aioli sauce over the top which blew my mind.  Next was grits and andoulle sausage.  The grits were just too runny, but the peppers and sausage just saved the dish.  The Melon had the green bean casserole, the beans were cooked just right.  She also had the shrimp bisque, which wasn't really my flava, but hey, she loved it.Finally, there was the pork ribs which had pickled watermelon on top.   How do you pickle watermelon?  Who the hell cares?!!  DAMN!  Now that was good.  I mean, it was incredible.  The meat was not too dry, but not greasy either.  Oh, and the BBQ sauce stuck to my fingers, like to the point where I had to suck on my fingers for minutes to get it off.    Finally, I had a bloody mary.  The bloody mary mix was spicy as all get out, my only critique was that there wasn't enough of the good stuff in it if you know what I mean.  Why did this place get 4 stars?  The waitress.  She acted way too busy for only having 4 tables in the place.  Can't say I felt the love, and that isn't too much to ask in the big easy.  This place is not in the quarter, and you might have to find directions on how to get there, but you can't go wrong.Visiting from Chicago and ate here last night based on all of the good feedback from most reviewers here. On a side note, I probably would have rated Cochon 3.5 stars if it were an option. Most of the food was very good but a few key components were lacking for a complete dining experience. First off our waiter sucked. Had no enthusiasm for the food he was selling. Didn't describe or recommend a single dish. We had to ask for the specials to find out what they were. One was described as "meat on a plate."Most of the food was good but we were disappointed in the ribs and the crab bisque. The  ribs were lukewarm and a little tough. The sauce though was fantastic. The pork cheeks were good but a little tough also.On the bright side, the fried alligator, fried boudin, beef brisket and the ribeye were all very good. Food was also priced well. The specialty drinks were a little expensive. I'd probably go back if I lived here to give the service a second chance. Since I don't, I'll likely try some of other highly rated restaurants in NOLA first.Cajun food, farm-to-table, specializing in pork.Had dinner here on a Friday night.  Busy place.  Nice crowd.  Pretty casual, but everything from t-shirts and jeans to jacket and tie.Loved the fried alligator "small plate."  Probably our favorite dish.  Also had the oyster and meat pies and the grilled shrimp with chow chow.  All delicious.  We then split three items from their "boucherie" section.  The boucherie plate, which was a charcuterie platter with pates and house-cured meats; the boudin, and the pork cheeks.  Again, all great.  Would loved to have sampled the entire menu.Portions were not large, but items were generally pretty rich.  The three of us were full after the above, and couldn't have eaten more, and we're all good eaters.  Good beer selection with local brews.  Would go back in a flash for dinner or lunch.The surrounding area looks pretty desolate, but this place is a gem.  Cool atmosphere inside, and friendly and helpful staff.  Only regret is we didn't go check out their butcher shop around the corner, but we were trying to get over to Jazz Fest after an early lunch.On to the food.Wood Fired Oyster Roast - probably the best dish we had.  The sauce on top was really good, and the wood fire added just a hint of smoke.  Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Aioli - I've had gator before, and remember it being pretty chewy and not all that flavorful.  Sad to say, frying it doesn't really change this any.  The chili garlic aioli was good, but couldn't really save the dish entirely. Fried Boudin with Pickled Peppers - These were good, but not great.  Pretty much balls of pulled pork with a little breading on the outside and then fried.  Served with a dollop of mustard and some pretty tasty pickled peppers.Macaroni n' Cheese - They use a stronger cheese (maybe Gruyere?), and it works.  It's not too heavy, but with some good flavor.  By no means the best mac n cheese I've had, but definitely worth a shot.Smothered Greens - Oddly enough, this might be the 2nd best dish we tried.  Salty, sweet, with some chunks of pork mixed in, this was greens done right.  I'd definitely give this place another shot next time I'm in the Big Easy, cause there were a few other items I wished I'd have the stomach capacity to try (such as their namesake - the Cochon).Deemed "the Oscars of the food world," by Time magazine, the James Beard Foundation Awards are the country's most coveted honor for chefs. During our visit in New Orleans, we were able to dine at Cochon where Stephen Stryjewski had won the James Beard Award for Best Chef in the South. It was easy to see why he was given this prestigious honor.I arranged for a group of my clients to join us at Cochon for a late reservation. This worked out really well, because the menu is designed with many small plates. Thus we were able to order several different plates and share in a "tapas style" manner.We first started off with a round of drinks. The drink for me was decent, but not spectacular. All I remember is that there was watermelon in the drink. It also took a while to receive our drinks, though to the restaurant's credit, it was a packed house. (There were 20,000 librarians in town!) As I could tell that all of the menus were printed frequently, I decided to order by writing on the menu what the table wanted. The waiter said that was unique and the first time anyone had done that.About 15 minutes later and all of our dishes came out simultaneously. Here they are in no particular order. We have here Artichoke &amp; crab stuffed crab. It was very tasty with the accompanying crisps (perhaps pita?) adding a nice textural contrast.Next is the wood-fired oyster roast. What a great preparation of the oyster, served very warm.Here was the dish I was dying to try: Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli. Though the alligator is a little chewier (not rubbery, just meatier) it was super delicious. The chili garlic aioli gave it a wonderful tang that I can still taste two weeks later.One small plate was simply named hushpuppies. That being said, there was nothing simple about them. They we're phenomenal. The sauce accompanying it was fantastic! One of my clients does not like hushpuppies at all, but fell in love with this version. Everyone also loved the sauce, wanting to have it bottled up. By the way, we loved the hushpuppies so much that we ordered a second round.Cochon is french for pig. Thus a visit to Cochon wouldn't be complete without trying some pork. Thus we ordered the boucherie plate. I don't recall all the various pieces but it did include the following: Headcheese - My first experience with it and the texture is off-putting to me personally, though it had good flavor.Pork Rillette - Again, a first for me. A rillette is a paste that is put on bread. The problem was that we didn't get enough bread. On its own, again it had flavor, but it needed the bread.House Made Bread &amp; Butter Pickles - This is my favorite type of pickle and...WOW... just WOW! They nailed the pickles. Perfect amount of tang and bite. Could've eaten a jar of them. One of my clients ordered a zucchini salad. Huh?, I thought. A Zuchinni salad? At a restaurant with pig as its name?.... I'm glad they ordered it. It really helped to balance the meal. Most of the other dishes we ate were warm dishes. This salad, which had so much wonderful flavor, was a cool dish and thus added a great balance in temperature. Lesson learned: don't knock a salad at Cochon.About 5 minutes after we submitted our "menu order" to our server, he came back and said that the "spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle" (another anticipated dish) was gone for the night. In lieu of the ribs, our waiter suggested the Pork Cheeks with lima beans. They were enjoyable and still tasted similar to braised ribs.The third dish I was personally anticipating was Rabbit and dumplings. This was another first for me. (Do you notice a pattern emerging?) The rabbit was juicy and succulent. With the accompanying gravy it was very similar to turkey in taste and texture.One of my clients, before ordering, asked what the "Smothered Green Beans" were smothered in. Our waiter said, bacon, wine, butter... Thus she ordered them. Bacon? YUM! They were a nice side to the meal.One of my low-lights of the evening was the chicken and andouille gumbo. For me, it was over salted. Two others really enjoyed it, so maybe I just got a bad batch?One of the sad but funny things of the night was Dessert. Our waiter came and said, "I wanted to let you know that we currently have 20,000 librarians in New Orleans... and... well... they ate all of our dessert." He went on to inform us that they noticed that librarians really enjoy dessert and they had planned for an increase in food, but not as much for dessert... He did offer a few options of ice cream, but we were quire content at that point and declined.Chef Stryjewski lived up to the prestige as a James Beard award winner. Next time we're in town, I'd like to try Herbsaint, Donald Link's (Cochon Owner) other restaurant.Another rec from a friend who lived here for 4 yrs.  Nice, chic wine bar type feel to the place.  We made reservations and service the entire night was spot on.  We sat near the back where the open kitchen can be observed. They serve fresh baked rolls (I know probably the most trivial part of a foodie review but I love my bread!) -crispy crust, pillowy and warm on the inside.  Ok for our orders, we tried the signature cochon entree, alligator nuggets (yes that's how I like to describe 'em), and braised pork cheeks.  I've had alligator before and this app came through, tender and not overcooked with hint of aioli and fresh mint sprinkled on top.  Braised pork cheeks, first time trying it, was tasty and fall-off-the-fork-scrumptious.  Now the signature cochon...was very good as well -I would describe the texture as pulled pork moulded into a "cochon patty".  My partner in crime even used the shredded cochon and made a mini pulled cochon slider with the baked rolls, genius! hahaIf you're looking for a nice evening with some good food and a glass of wine, definitely consider trying this place.  We came to NOLA to try authentic cajun/creole but this was a nice local foodie hit-up that we're glad we tried.Went to Cochon on a quick, weekend trip to New Orleans and made it a point to stop in. So glad that I did! The space is adorable and open/airy (my favorite), the staff is delightful, and the food is finger-licking good. I had Fried Alligator, Mac and Cheese, and Rabbit and Dumplings. All of it was to-die-for, especially when paired with a pear cider. That'd be my recommendation. Go now!Divine. That is the best word to describe the meal I had here. Best dinner I've had in a LONG time. The best b-day dinner I've ever had (but I should confess that doesn't say much).  So what did I have?1. Due to OD'ing on fried food at lunch, we skipped the alligator and had the pickled shrimp with cabbage for an appetizer. Great match and the cabbage's dressing/sauce went perfectly with the shrimp.  2. The catfish. Eh, did I say I OD'd on fried food for lunch? Whoops, guess I didn't OD. Actually it seemed pretty lightly fried and didn't feel heavy at all. The tomato sauce was flavorful, but hit that divine status when I added the restaurant's hot sauce to it.  3. I had a couple bites of my girlfriend's cochon.  If you like carnitas, you will LOVE the cochon. Crisp on the outside, moist on the inside and flavor from the heavens above. I might sound like I'm hyping it up, but I assure you I'm giving this dish justice. I am getting hungry right now reminiscing about it. 4. The chocolate-peanut butter pie (or cake?). VERY heavy but yummy for those who enjoy peanut butter. Anyone who can eat this completely on his/her own deserves a prize. I thankfully had a partner helping me out and we still left a bite or two on the plate- it was THAT filling.  Heck, the entrees were big portions too.  That is another great part of Cochon: it is a great value. Excellent tasting food and substantial portions. I can sum up my Cochon experience this way: my girlfriend and I talked about the meal reverently throughout the rest of our stay in NOLA.  As I said earlier, I get hungry just thinking of the restaurant.  If you live in New Orleans YOU NEED TO GO. IF you plan to visit, you NEED TO GO HERE.OMG Yelpers, THANK YOU!!!!!Our hotel was 3 blocks away from the restaurant, oh boy.. we were blessed!There are MANY great restaurants in NOLA, too many to choose from to squeeze into our short 5 days trip. We are glad that we didn't skip COCHON! We arrived around 9PM without a reservation and were able to get seated within 10 minutes. The restaurant was crowded (it was Thursday night), we got lucky to get seated fairly quickly! Love the decor, dim lighting, modern wooden chairs, beautiful place... great for dates!We ordered the following:Wood Fire Oyster Roast - came in 6 pieces, it was a bit on the salty side..nothing specialFried Alligator with Chili garlic aioli - WOW yumm!!! certainly a fan.. it has the kick of spiciness and those novice alligator eaters, this taste like popcorn chicken..yumm!Spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle - it is quiet spicy.. but we loveeee it!! the watermelon pickle is genius and the ribs ..fall off the bones!Crawfish pie - looks like an empanada that was generously stuffed with rice and crawfish.. the pie crust was flaky and crispy..very yummy We couldn't decide on which dessert to share so we ordered both the Black Bottomed Brown Butter Banana Cream Pie, THE BEST BANANA CREAM PIE EVER!!!! and Butterscotch Pudding... the pudding was delicious BUT it wasn't that special.. we wanted a bit more texture.. wish they crumbled the some toffee for crunch.With a couple glasses of beer.. our bill was about $70 before tip. It was not cheap.. and we were full..especially the desserts were very rich!!!The portions were small..but it was probably bc we ordered their small plates. The service was ok... NOT ATTENTIVE... and our waiter was a bit snotty...one star ding.. The hostess was friendly though...I think that perhaps my expectations were too high for Cochon after hearing it raved about by so many people. It wasn't bad, by any stretch of the imagination, but the fact that they ran out of their signature dishes before 8pm on a Saturday night was a little disappointing. The rest of the food was good though and we shared a lot of dishes, so everyone got to try different things.  The service was a little awkward (it was actually way better in the Boucherie), but all in all it was a good night. I think that I need to give this place another try, because I know how many working parts there are in a well run restaurant and the fact that the people that I was with told me it'd been better before makes me think that there will be a follow up in the near future.Ready to swine and dine? The Cochon pigs must be living lavishly except for the part where we eat them. I did a weekday lunch here and had no problems getting a table. Here is what I recommend.Boucherie plate, a selection of thin sliced meats that make a great appetizer. They are definitely the high on the hog cuts.Fried Boudin, pronounced "BooDan" I mean why not it's fried and it's the best flavored Boudin I've ever had. Pork Cheeks are super tender with a nice roasted flavor. We wanted to take some and make tacos because this is the real deal meat  taquerias in Mexico use in their Pastors and Carnitas.Good Job Cochon.Food: 4 stars Service: 2 stars 6 waiters standing around doing nothing + only 2 tables of customers should not = waiting 10 minutes for someone to bring water... But once we got past that bump in the road I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant, which is housed in a very nondescript building. It's tucked back from the Convention Center and French Quarter, but inside is very sleek and cute. I got the fried alligator because EVERYONE says you have to try it. The alligator is chewier than calamari without much taste. the dipping sauce helps wash it down. To get a good flavor for the place and not stuff myself, I got spareribs and hush puppies. SOO good! Next time I'll go for dinner and get the "Cochon" One of the best things was the chocolate peanut butter cake I got to go. It tasted good even 3 hours later as I flew back to DC.A fantastic addition to the already-stuffed food scene in New Orleans. Jam packed with energetic servers and diners, it really felt like the place to see and be seen.Servers were practically perfection and it was great sitting at the bar overlooking the kitchen to see all the magic happen.We started with the fried alligator since you don't see that much on the menus in Atlanta and it was great with a little bit of spice.I had a gigantic hunk of beef brisket with cool potato salad. If you're into slow cooked brisket you'll love it here.Pretty good local beer selection as well. Definitely make a reservation if you don't want to wait or sit at the bar.Two words: Heritage Pork.A fine and trendy restaurant with an impressive drink menu and some great food.  I had the pleasure of enjoying their signature Heritage Pork, which was a filling (and rich) meal.  Courses are fairly far in between, so be prepared for a long dining experience, and they're not afraid to use the air conditioning.  A really nice atmosphere, great food, and a casual dining experience.Can I say LOVE? I already love cochon butcher next door, but I also love this place now after eating here. This is a great place to eat for a nice dinner and it has a fancier atmosphere than your casual cochon butcher. First off we ordered fried alligator with chili garlic aioli and wood-fired oyster roast for the appetizers. Both were very good, but what really got to me was the oyster roast. The sauce to the oysters made it taste amazing. Due to many people's recommendations on this dish on yelp,  I decided to get smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad,. It was delish! Tender, and not dry at all. Went well with the mac and cheese i ordered on the side. Which is also one of my favorites to order at over at cochon butcher.blah.... almost bad.    I have been here at least 12 times and always Loved it!..... except the last time was sooooooo disappointing.   We had ordered 9 different items and the three of us there could not find one item that we liked.   SadMeticulously crafted and gorgeously prepared creative dishes that remix southern traditions into delicious day dreams you never knew you were capable of. All this while maintaining a hip, young atmosphere and reasonable prices. I would put this near the top of the list for anybody planning a visit to New Orleans.Having said all that, if you are planning on coming here or you happen to be there right now reading this on a smart phone, then you absolutely, unconditionally must have the fried rabbit liver with jam and fried alligator with garlic aioli into your order, preferably washed down with the whiskey orange cocktail. You will not regret it.My husband & I went to Cochon for dinner for his birthday while on vacation in NOLA this past week. After hearing so many good things,we were really disappointed with our experience at Cochon. For apps, we had had the pork cheek terrine (which my husband liked) and the chicken & andouille gulmbo. The gumbo had no andouille to speak of, but did have an overpowering smoky taste from ham hocks.For entrees, we ordered the Louisiana cochon and the braised beef shoulder. They were out of braised beef shoulder but had a smaller appetizer special which was similar. The waiter suggested I order this, with a side dish as an entree. I did, only to find out they were out of this as well. The waiter then suggested the ham hocks. I ordered the ham hocks and cancelled the extra side dish.The ham hocks were inedible. I usually enjoy smoked meats, but the ham hocks seemed oversmoked...the smoky flavor was overwhelming.To add insult to injury, when we received the bill we were charged for the side dishes and the beef special that we never received. It took three attempts to get the bill correct.A NOLA cabbie had warned us not to go to Cochon, just to stick with Cochon Butcher (which we loved!) - We should have listened to her!I had their Wood-fired Oysters, and Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Aioli.  I have never had Alligator before so I thought that it would be interesting... especially when the other 3 people at my party have had alligator before and said that it tasted like chicken.Well, at the beginning it was good.  I liked the sauce and the crunchiness (just like sweet and sour pork, or popcorn chicken).  But after awhile, I just felt that the mint in the dish  was just too strong.The Wood-fired Oysters was good.  A little bit spicy (which I liked), but it was a little bit on the small size (the oyster).I felt cheated when I was told on the phone that they only had tables for 2 available at 5:30pm and 9:30pm... we rushed over and found out they LIED! It wasn't even full when we left at 7:00! Duped! Sigh.The food was well done. We got a bunch of small dishes. Fried pig ears, which were like fries but with a bit of a chewy center and pork essence. Fried alligator, which was like chicken at first but was more tender, and had a swampy aftertaste. Not bad. We had grits, which were good because it was full of butter and cream. We also had rabbit livers on toast, which were really good. Overall, good food, but nothing really outstanding. The prices were typical for tapas... about $60 total.I miss New Orleans.I lived there for four years during college. Realistically, I could never live there now. But I would never give up the time I spent there. And I hadn't been back since Katrina, so it was nice to visit, spend money and support the city.I'm always telling myself that we have progressive and innovative food here in Orlando. And I believe that, until I do some traveling and explore restaurants in other cities. Picture The Ravenous Pig. But literally ten times more creative in both food and atmosphere. That is Cochon.Located in the Warehouse district in NOLA, this place was absolutely hopping. All the tables were full when we arrived at 8:30, and all the tables were full when we left two hours later.For my started I ordered the Mushroom Salad. If you haven't noticed, I've been on a bit of a mushroom kick recently. And this salad really quenched my thirst for the fungi. Tossed with lemons, hunks of fresh mint and parsley and fried beef jerky, this salad was fantastic. I have to admit that I've never thought about how delicious the flavors of beef jerky and lemon could be (really, who has?). But it was freaky good. It was a huge portion and with the rich earthiness of the mushrooms I was only able to eat about half.I ordered one of the specials for my entree....mainly because the server described it as a "play on pork and beans". Braised Pork Shoulder with Stewed Peanuts. Sounds crazy, yes? It was....crazy delicious! The pork was very tender and a perfect pairing with the soft-ish peanuts. Yum, Yum, Yum.To be blunt, this place rocked. I loved every bit of it and would recommend that if you're ever in NOLA that you give it a shot.Cochon is an authentic Cajun restaurant that is fascinated with swine and located within walking distance of the French Quarter. My latest visit was my second, and will surely not be my last.Dining solo, I sat at the chef's counter and got to see the kitchen staff in action, which was a treat. Cochon's mostly gen-X/Y wait staff is attentive to the extreme, which results in a more up-paced tempo of dining than most New Orleans restaurants. After each plate of food I finished, someone was beside me within a few seconds taking away my plate and giving me something else. With most of my dining experiences being in Boston and the northeast, I am used to this pacing (and enjoy it), but I can see how some folks may be annoyed by it.I started with a cup of Pork and Black Eyed Pea Gumbo ($6), a hearty soup that also featured collard greens. This was a country gumbo made with a dark roux and combined together many of the flavors I associate with Louisiana into a very satisfying stew.Compliments of the chef, I received a gratis amuse-bouche of Pig Liver Terrine with Toast Points, Creole Mustard, and Sweet Pickle Slices. Unlike liver from other animals, I found pork liver to have a more mild taste. It was meaty, creamy, rich, and was perfect when spread on my toast points, covered with the mustard and pickle slices. I wish they'd put this on the menu, as I'd gladly pay for it the next time I'm at Cochon.I moved on to the Fried Boudin Balls with Pickled Peppers ($8). This may very well be the best appetizer I've ever had in New Orleans. These deep fried balls of boudin (pronounced boo-dan) sausage delivered incredible taste by themselves, but paired with the pickled hot peppers and a generous amount of creole mustard (for dipping), they were beyond excellent.Next was the Smoked Pork Ribs with Watermelon Pickles ($10). Their ribs are a third of a slab of pork baby back ribs covered in a spicy BBQ sauce with cube-shaped watermelon pickles sprinkled on top. Bringing together both sweet and subtle shades of sour, I'd put the quality of these ribs against those of just about any roadside BBQ joint in this country. I also ordered the Twice-Baked Stuffed Potato ($5), a nice starchy side to my ribs with melted cheese, green onions, butter.After all of this, I unfortunately had no room left for dessert. With a bottle of Abita Turbo Dog beer, my entire meal (every bit of it outstanding) came to $38. Amazingly, many of the online reviewers for Cochon complain about the price. To those people I would say that if you're expecting Applebees prices, you're in the wrong place. And I do understand that there are lots of reasons why someone may feel uncomfortable paying for higher-end cuisine -- we all prioritize things differently. But for people to complain that Cochon is overpriced is ridiculous. An awful meal at Mulate's is only a few bucks less, a meal at mediocre joints like Morton's or Bourbon House is going to cost the same or more, and the chasm in food quality and service between all of those places and Cochon is enormous. One last thing: this place is not for vegetarians. There is nothing on the menu for that lifestyle. However, if you like pig, I cannot recommend this place highly enough to you - Cochon will pork you up!I've been going to Cochon over the past couple of years and can say I haven't had a bad meal yet.  The service, food quality and atmostsphere are all excellent.  It can get a little noisey but I don't really mind.  This is a great place to meet with friends, order a bunch of things from the menu and share.  Some favorites are; Wood-fired oysters, smoked ribs with watermelon pickle, smothered pork loin, and the list goes on.  I've been trying to work my way down the menu and try everything, but frequently get distracted by the specials.  It's not cheap to eat here, but I feel like you certainly get what you pay for.  You are not going to find a place like this anywhere else.delicious food and really good cocktails.  I recommend the pork loin, friend alligator, rabbits and dumpling and their mac and cheese.  HOpe to be back soon!Included Cochon on our recent trip to NOLA after seeing the "After Hours With Daniel" episode where Daniel Boulod hung out with Donald Link for a day.  We had an 8pm reservation on a Thursday night and the place was hopping.  It was an easy decision to go the small-plate route since it was our first time and we wanted to try several dishes.On the recommendation of our nice server, we got the "wood-fired oyster roast" and were very happy we did, as the spicy sauce they serve gives oysters a different flavor than you get elsewhere.  Raw oysters are nice, as are fried ones, but this is inventive and really good."fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast" - not something I'd seen on any menu before, so I thought I'd gamble on this.  Really excellent - creamy liver flavor with a nice slightly sweet jelly is a perfect combination."onion braised pork cheeks with grits & horseradish herb vinaigrette" - the pork is perfect and is complemented nicely by creamy grits.  Worth getting."smoked mullet & crab cake with shell bean salad"  - as much as I liked the rabbit livers, this got the biggest wow.  Again, a real novelty of a dish and executed perfectly.  Got to try the alligator, as well, because I asked the guy next to me what he was eating and he kindly offered to share.  Interesting, but the fact is that gator just isn't all that tasty.  The sauce it came with was overly spicy, imho.Excellent meal and a very lively restaurant.  I think it should be on anyone's list of places to visit in New Orleans.Cochon is one of my favorite restaurants in the country and is almost reason alone to move to NOLA. It's a cool vibe with great service, and more importantly incredible, modern Cajun food. The must haves: start with the fried gator (it's served like nuggets in this fun mayo with a kick) and the pork cheeks. Then, for shared entrees, you can't miss the cochon (suckling pig) and rabbit & dumplings (which is like a stew, but easy to share). All in all, it's an up-scale meal with no pretense, which is my favorite type. It's also reasonably priced. Our 2-person meal with drinks was $125 including tip. It's a bit loud and crowded, so don't plan on discussing your recent herpes scare, but I think it's still a great date place before going out for a night on the town.Fantastic! We started the night off with drinks: the swinekiller and some tasty southern beer.Apps: Spicy pork ribs with pickled watermelon, which could have been a bit spicier, and wood-grilled oysters, which were finger-lickin' good.Entrees: Fishermen style redfish, which was incredible and the Couchon, their namesake. Also delicious!Dessert: Banana cream pie with brown butter crust. Very, very tasty.For our first night in New Orleans, Couchon set a very high bar for us. I highly recommend this place!Note: Make reservations in advance!Came here starving around 5 pm on a weekday. Walked up to the host stand and the elderly hostess greeted us awkwardly and asked if we had called ahead to make a reservation. Looked around the restaurant due to the lack of customers and told her "no"? Then she asked how many people were in our party and we said another friend might be joining us. She replied " well we don't usually sit people unless the whole party is here..in case it gets busy." Nicely tell her again that we were not sure if our friend was even eating or coming and she awkwardly stared at us and after 8 seconds sighed loudly and finally sat us down. Anyways (rolls eyes) ordered the infamous fried alligator. It is quite indeed scrumptious. It was sweet,tangy, yet spicy and I could have ordered 2 more.  Then ordered the rabbit and dumplings.. rabbit was yummy and tender but the whole plate itself was alright. It's way better than Cracker Barrel's dumplings and chicken whom my friends argue is delicious (barf- i'd rather eat dirt). It was good but the portions were tiny. For desert got the chocolate mousse cake..tasted kind of like chemicals? Bleh don't order that. Overall the food is great..but the portions are so small that they would barely fill up an anorexic model (no? not funny? suck it).Very good food great bar service. We actually planned on going to cochon butcher but the place was packed so we went around the corner to cochon. No reservations mean you sit at the bar or by kitchen. Not a big deal until the lunch crowd came in and all the businessmen/tourist start back humping you while you try to eat. Not the restaurants fault but the rude tourists. Next time def get reservations. My suggestion: try everything the mixtures of the foods compliment each other so well.Definitely the most exotic menu I've seen in New Orleans!!  The menu includes alligator, pork cheeks, fried jerky, and hogs jowls.  I had the mushroom salad and eggplant/ shrimp dressing which both were very tasty.  The service was ok (our main courses were not all served together), but our waiter was friendly and provided some good food recommendations.  I wouldn't mind coming back sometime in the future.It's been almost a year has since I was there but I have the absolute best impression of Cochon.  We had just arrived into New Orleans and after wandering around aimlessly we found ourselves outside of Chochon's door.  We were warmly greeted and seated immediately. Our server was amazing and patiently answered our questions and was kind enough to point out dishes that would be suitable for me as a vegetarian or what could be made vegetarian.  I have this clear memory of him describing spoon bread in this Southern drawl:  "it's like heaven on a spoon."  I fell in love with him right then.  I had a delicious local beer, the spoon bread, okra and biscuits.  My girlfriends had the catfish, the cochon, grits and macaroni and cheese.  We loved our dishes and it was a great start to a great trip!This was my first taste of New Orleans upon visiting from Chicago and I was pleasantly impressed. I hate going into a nice restaurant and having to act all uppity to match the ambiance -- that was not the case at Cochon.We had the ribs as an appetizer, which could be a meal all by itself, and it was to die for.... Also, their specials were creative and full of flavor, so make sure you consider them.It was a fantastic start to a whole week of NOLA eatin'!My wife and I were so glad we stumbled across Cochon. We were fortunate enough to find (via Yelp!) and enjoy an outstanding lunch the day before at the Butcher, right next door. This prompted us to get reservations at Cochon the eve before we were catching our flight back home. What an awesome find...and fantastic meal to wrap up our New Orleans trip. Everything we had was delicious and the memory of my incredible Rabbit & Dumplings will stay with me until my next visit. I would recommend Cochon as a must stop while in the Big Easy.Small plates, big flavor. It's farm to table, but the focus is still on great food instead of hippy dippy bragging rights. tables are a little tight, but what it lacks in privacy it gains in coziness.Did lunch here and everything was delicious even if it wasn't cheap. The pork cheeks were to die for despite not sounding super-appealing at first. The spicy fried alligator was delicious and the fire-roasted oysters were also a very good way to taste oysters in an almost pure, but still cooked, form.The place has an open airy feel to it with nearly the whole front is floor-to-ceiling windows letting in as much light as possible and all the furnishings are done in light wood-tones keeping the whole atmosphere from trending dark. This was particularly nice as we ate while doom clouds settled in and poured on the neighborhood.They also had a better selection of local beers than most other places I went in New Orleans. I had the Nola Brewery's Smoky Mary which was a deliciously smoked amber-ish rauchbier.Around this time last week, we stopped into Cochon for lunch after a morning of revisiting the quarter. Didn't get a good vibe walking in the door. The restaurant wasn't very busy, the hostess(or front of the house manager, not sure) was not a welcoming individual, and one of the male servers looked my wife up and down as we were being seated. Thankfully, he wasn't our server. The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice, but a little sterile. The menu was filled with all types of interesting items, so we ended up ordering several small plates and sides. The wife ordered one of their house cocktails which had several componets,...watermelon, cucumber, and ginger. She said it was very balanced and tasted like summer in a glass. I had a local beer, NOLA Hurricane Saison. First time I've tried their beer and it was pretty impressive. So our order consisted of the fried alligator, oyster and crawfish pie, chicken and andoullie gumbo, boudin balls, grits, and greens. And we finished with the peach pie a la mode with salted caramel. The presentation was good, the food was almost too rich, but delicious none the less. (Yeah, we did order lots of fried food) The grits though were over the top rich, don't order that and expect to eat it all by yourself. Could have made a meal out of the greens alone, they were flavorful and cooked perfectly. The boudin balls were very flavorful and rich. The alligator went very well with the chili aioli. The gumbo was very tasty, but I would have liked it a little thicker in consistency, but everyone has their own style of gumbo. The oyster and crawfish pie was amazingly delicious, could have eaten several of those. And last but not least, the peach pie, (more like an individual hand pie, I like the concept) was well plated, and very balanced. The caramel sauce was perfect, not overly salted, just right. Overall, the food was great, and our server Courtney and another young lady who helped us, were super nice and knowledgeable about the menu and more than made up for our first impression of not being so welcomed there by the hostess and the rude look from the male server.Our best dining experience in NOLA. Will definitely be returning on our next visit. Can't believe I dared to try the crocodile dish which tasted like buffalo chicken. YUM! My husband had the oysters and said it was one of the best seafood dishes he's ever eaten. The mac n' cheese had a golden crust and was tasty and filling. Wish I could have explored the rest of the menu. We made reservations but didn't need them because the place was nearly empty but it was definitely filling up by the time we left. Located outside of the French Quarter but I found it was well within a walking distance.We enjoyed the alligator with garlic aioli(with mint and parsley), the macaroni and cheese side was great, and we also enjoyed the Cochon with turnips etc. For the 2 of us, plus the great warm rolls, this was plenty of food for dinner. (especially after a day of eating across the city) The only problem with the restaurant was our server. She was surly- never smiled once, acted like she was annoyed to be there, forgot to bring the rolls(we finally had to ask a manager if we could get the rolls midway through our meal), and she never said "thank you" , even when she dropped off the bill. She also hardly came by to check on how things were going. If she worked for me, I would either fire her immediately or put her on a performance plan. I can't believe this highly-rated restaurant would even hire such a person. The other servers seemed friendly and attentive.This is my favorite restaurant that we ate at out of all in NOLA.  The menu is very eclectic and a lot of questions have to be asked to understand what is on the menu.  But once understood its simple.  They are known for their pork and rabbit dishes.  The app was braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, goat feta & pears.  OMG amazing.  The meet was the BEST pork I have ever eaten.  The dishes were rabbit & dumpling and louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklin, and the pineapple upside down cake for desert.  There aren't enough words to explain how wonderful ALL the dishes were.  They even had great wines and they weren't too expensive.There were certainly expectations before coming here and they were fulfilled by the time I left.The atmosphere was welcoming with a modern rustic look coupled with a healthy, good looking crowd that only helps my appetite.  It's definitely a place to consider if you have a craving to try new foods.Our order consisted of batter fried alligator with the chili garlic aioli that gave it a nice kick. The smoked ribs were tender and tasty.  The ice berg lettuce was refreshing and braised pork cheek was the highlight.  Add in topnotch service only helps to complete a memorable dining experience.It just needs to be known that I visited LAST APRIL, and am still thinking about the fried alligator and the wood fired oyster roast. First experience with gator, and it was delicious. And the absolute best single oyster I've ever tasted. Guys, I can't even remember what I ate for lunch. All I can drool over mentally are the apps - though I do remember one of my friends getting the oven roasted gulf fish and being very impressed with how flavorful and delicious it was. If I am back in New Orleans again I have a feeling this would be the one place we would repeat!This is one fine culinary establishment! The food, the wine and the casual atmosphere makes Cochon a must try if you're headed to New Orleans. Although I've tried most everything on the menu my favorite is still the Rabbit and Dumplings (a.k.a. to me as Thumper & Dumplings). Oh, be sure to try a side dish of spinach. It is to die for. Make It a GREAT Day! The Col.™Went here on NOLA Night #2 with friend.  Atmosphere very nice - fairly high energy inside, tables a bit close together, but liked the spare-ish decor and modern wood walls.  Also good condiments, prob from next door (eg chili infused vinegar).  Server looked like he possibly could be too cool for school, but was perfectly charming and attentive enough.Manhattan was OK.  Think that as a whole my Manhattans in this city (all bourbon; no one seemed to have rye on hand) are frothy and strangely more pinkish and girly tasting than I am used to.  Maybe there is a larger proportion of sweet vermouth used and they like to shake it up very vigorously, I don't know the details of making these.  But in any case after the first cocktail or two the subtleties kind of cease to matter (to me), so that's when I should probably switch to Rebel Yell straight up anyway and call it good.Anyway, not impressed with fried alligator appetizer.  Overbattered and pieces of alligator were like tougher, chewy pieces of dark chicken (so why not just get dark chicken?).  Also was disappointed with fried livers, but don't particularly care for the sweet/savory thing (pepper jelly was sweet pepper jelly), so probably not the best thing for me to get.  However, the baked gulf fish was amazing.  Flaky, fresh as all get-out, and some kind of insanely good Cajun-ish seasoning on top.  Could not stop eating this (but was very, very large portion - like the size of two full lady hands - so didn't matter).Though I realize the review doesn't sound that great, the fish was so delicious and there were so many other good-sounding dishes on menu (and did really like the ambiance) will give it 4 stars and would totally try this place again if I am back in New Orleans.If you come to New Orleans then check out Cochon! Amazing Southern Comfort food awaits you here. This place is super popular and gets packed so make sure to make a reservations in advance. It's great for a group of people as well as an intimate dinner but the lively upbeat and loud atmosphere makes for a very fun dinner with friends. The food is delish and it has all the meat dishes you can think of as well as plenty of seafood and fish options. One thing though, if you don't like spicy food make sure to stick to something mild or ask for no spices. Friendly staff is very accommodating.Trying to understand the hype about the alligator. It was too chewy for me.  I think it's suppose to be served with a side of some dipping mayo, but they forgot it on my order. Didn't realize until I downed half of it. The mushroom salad with fried bits of beef jerky was INSANE though.  Mac and cheese was good and spicy.  I do love the menu and will come back to try other stuff I saw that looked good.Great food and drinks. We ordered: stuffed artichoke, mac 'n cheese, beef brisket, and the main cocoon/pork dish (I forget what it's called), everything was delicious. I thought the beef brisket was a bit fatty/marbly for my taste, but that's whatever you want to make of it - my parents would love all the fat! Cute atmosphere although a little tight (about a foot between tables along the bench). The drink I ordered was great though, apple gimlet I believe. I'd go here again if I went back to New Orleans.We came here for lunch on our last day in New Orleans. I was looking forward to this place the entire trip, but in the last minute, had second thoughts and wanted to go to Emeril's. I half-wished we went to Emeril's. When we got to Cochon around 12:30, it was almost completely empty. Our waiter, I forget his name, was a gruff fellow, somewhat unpleasant-- not really friendly, but not unhelpful or anything. I ordered the ham hock which came with some sort of mashed yams with black eyed peas in them. I thought it was pretty good but maybe a little average. For a restaurant named after pig, I guess I expected the pork to be absolutely exceptional. However, I think I could've gotten this entree anywhere in the south. My girlfriend got beef brisket and it came with horseradish mashed potatoes. There was something very special about the texture of the brisket. It was so soft that it literally melted in your mouth. Much of this was because of how fatty it was. However, after awhile, when it is in your mouth, it becomes tough and hard to chew. I'm not sure how to explain it. I thought it was a pretty good entree, better than average. The real winner was the eggplant and shrimp dressing. Wow. This was an amazing side and makes me wonder if I just ordered the wrong entree. It was creative, unlike anything I've ever had, and absolutely delicious. The flavors of the eggplant and shrimp married well despite the lack of aesthetic beauty of the dish. Overall, I would give Cochon 3.5 stars but will bump it down instead of up for the lack of care in the service.I'm still trying to determine if my lackluster dining experience at Cochon was because I simply don't appreciate Cajun cuisine, or if we ordered the wrong items off the menu.Whatever the reason, this place left me cold.  And I think I can go through life now without needing to sample alligator meat again.  Even the pork cheeks were kinda funky tasting, and mixed with some white beans and sauce, just wasn't my bag.The atmosphere is your standard modern cavernous dining hall, with an open kitchen. A bit generic. Service was fine.Our one good experience was dessert--the best pineapple upside down cake I've ever had.If you are in to strange, innovative, random-body-parts-of-animals, then Cochon is your place!  While I am always willing to try new foods, some of what I tried was wayy out of my comfort zone.  First up was Boudin and Fried Alligator.  The alligator I liked...spicy, a little chewy and completely unique.  The Boudin I literally took one bite of and shoved the rest to my mom.  Something about frying pork bits, blood, and rice just didn't seem appealing. yelp.com/biz_photos/6a4g…yelp.com/biz_photos/6a4g…yelp.com/biz_photos/6a4g…I am typically a big meat eater, but nothing on the menu seemed appetizing for my main dish.  I opted instead for tomato gazpacho and a plate of zucchini topped with goat cheese.  The dressing for the zucchini had a bunch of chopped peanuts in it was to die for.  The gazpacho was very flavorful as well.  My friend ordered the rabbit and cornbread dumplings.  I asked our waitress (who wasn't friendly at all) if I could just get a side of cornbread, she said no.  Why? I have no clue.  That's when the service went downhill.  yelp.com/biz_photos/6a4g…yelp.com/biz_photos/6a4g…Even though we had heard that the desserts were good, we decided to go somewhere else.  I can see how this is a big burly guy's paradise, but unless you love really out-of-the-box food, skip it.On a Monday night.....we couldn't get a table!!!!So we sat at the bar and it was equally just as good. Love the crackl'ns! even though they are really bad for you.I ordered the boudin balls and they were the best that I had!  It is solid in meat with just the right amount of spices and rice.I wasn't particularly hungry that night, but I wanted to go out with everyone to check it out.  I ordered the smoked meats and cold cuts and it was fabulous!If you are a vegetarian, this is not a good place for you....in fact I don't think they have anything on the menu that doesn't have meat in it. Next time I come back to NOLA, I will definitely revisit.....with reservations.I appreciate a good NOLA story and it sounds like chef/owner Donald Link has just that. He grew up in Louisiana, left for SF, went to culinary school, returned to his New Orleans roots to open restaurants. Local boy does good. The pig-themed Cochon is what I would describe as cajun with a fine dining twist. We arrived a bit before our reservation time so we sat at the bar and ordered drinks from the cocktail menu. With names like The Swinekiller, Hillbilly Mary and Louisiana Hayride, the cocktails incorporated local flavors into intriguing blends. I spied large canning jars full of what looked like cherries and upon inquiry was told they were indeed house made maraschino cherries made by with local cherries and cooked down in maraschino liquor. Our bartender explained that the chef makes tons of these cocktail garnishes during the summer when cherries are in season and by the end of winter/early spring they near the end of their supply. He obliged my curiosity and gave us each a sample of the crimson red cherry. Boozy delicious. Fortified with cocktails, we started our meal with the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli. Big pieces of gator dipped in the piquant aioli was a nice combo. I was expecting the meat to be tough, but was glad I was incorrect in my assumption. Next we moved on to the boudin. After a little research I discovered that boudin is a truly cajun country classic. Much like chorizo or sausage stuffed with rice and other cajun spices, boudin is ubiquitous. Cochon's version was much different than what we later tried at a truck stop in cajun country and was served with house pickled peppers. The mushroom salad with lemon was out of this world. Thinly sliced shrooms lightly dressed with herbs and citrus was a dish that lightened things up after the boudin and fried alligator. For my entree I tried the signature dish, the cochon, which can best be described as a ball of tender pulled pork topped with cracklins. Talk about pork overload. The oven roasted gulf fish served fisherman's style came to the table hole with the skin on and was perfectly prepared. Cochon seems to be a nuevo NOLA way to experience cajun food and although I have no idea about what constitutes "good" cajun food, our experience at Cochon was good enough for this cajun-deprived West Coaster.This restaurant looks like it's been beaten to the bush with all of the same reviews being given. Quick take on some of their popular items:Fried alligator with chili aioli: must get fried alligator while in NOLA, but doesn't have to be from Cochon. It's more of a gourmet take on the dish and definitely tasty, but it won't change your life. Grilled oysters: Cochon's oysters look like they can make Acme's cry- they're HUGE and equally as tasty. They don't have the butter/parmesan seasoning that Acme has though- it's more of a chili dressing. Gumbo: the rue base is amazing in the dish. It's been cooked/stewed for so long that the flavor profile almost takes on as if extra butter and some beer were added. Rabbit and dumplings: must get! Inventive and delicious, but ask them to hold or tone down the salt.Our first meal in New Orleans, and I was ready to try some of the best food in the states. Truthfully, I'd rate this place 3.5 stars, but because our server was so great, I'm upping it to 4.Their entrees are not great, but their appetizers are superb. Especially, the fried alligator. I fell in love with eating gator meat after this day, although it still makes me sad as I think they're cute. The fried alligator bits are covered in a chili aoli sauce, along with some sauteed onions and I believe mint. Great combination. It felt like I was popping calamari in my mouth. I would've ordered this as an entree if I could have. We also ordered an oyster appetizer that was good as well.They also have good sides. I of course had to order the macaroni and cheese. Not the best I've had, but still pretty darn good. For $5, you get a good amount. The grits here are what had me change my opinion of grits as well. So friggin good! As for entrees, I went with the rabbit and dumplings, and my friend and I shared this along with the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. 2 ordered the chicken, and one ordered the cochon. The chicken and brisket were incredibly dry. Such a bummer. My friend with the cochon said it was just okay, and the rabbit and dumplings were in a stew that I did not care for. Such a waste of entrees as we clearly enjoyed everything else.I forgot our server's name, but she was fabulous! Our cocktails she recommended were great, and as we were there for a bachelorette party, she gave us some good old moonshine shots. Those boys were strong, but quite different from what we get in Cali!Cachon looked like it was built not too long ago. We came here for a really late lunch (it was about 3:10pm on a Thursday) but there were still a few people there eating. Both the girl who brought us to our table and our waitress were pretty nice not to mention they looked good. ;) Holla!Anyways, the menu was simple and most of the items were decently prices. I ordered the Smoked Beef Brisket with Horseradish Potato Salad ($19) and a side of Macaroni & Cheese Casserole ($6). If you were interested in trying alligator then they did have it on the menu which was the Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Aioli ($10). My friend ordered that and the Oyster and Meat Pie ($8) while my other friend ordered the Fried Boudin with Pickled Peppers ($8) and the Creamy Grits ($6).Our food came out pretty fast and I'd say it was probably 5 minutes. The Smoked Beef Brisket with Horseradish Potato Salad tasted pretty good and I would recommend eating the Horseradish Potato Salad with the Smoked Beef Brisket; otherwise, the potato salad might be too strong of a taste. The Macaroni & Cheese Casserole was not too big but it complemented perfectly with my entrée. It tasted good especially in the few areas where it was baked to have a crispy texture. The Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Aioli was okay and it tasted more or less like a "denser" chicken. Overall, I thought this was a great place to eat and I think there was something for everybody on the menu.Horrible service, snooty hostess and mediocre food. Don't know where all the hype and good reviews are coming from it was not what we experience.Ok....so more gluttony in the big easy and this joint didn't disappoint. Started off with a Swinekiller Cocktail....limey gin goodness! I then got adventurous with some rabbit and dumplings....so warming.. not necessarily a dish for 90 degree temp outside but that was me being a  big dummy. Finished off the meal with some peanut butter pie...very good. Food took a little long and service a little aloof but I can live with that given the quality of the food.Soooo good. Best meal we had on our recent trip. Every single dish was perfect.What people say is true. This place is great. Try everything on the menu; I almost have and have loved every item.I meant to give Cochon 4.5/5 Stars... this place is simply the BEST. A friend in New Orleans recommended it & I salute the chef. Very adventurous & interesting menu, i wish i can try all of them in 1 seating but alas, even a pig needs a break...We started with fried alligator & fried rabbit livers, OMG they were unbelievable, the flavors were like explosion in my mouth, just remind me of the food back home in Malaysia, full of flavors & spices... as for entree, of course i tried their specialty, the cochon, which was ok coz the appetizers were so good & domineering in terms of taste, they pretty much made the evening meals special already...Very contemporary interior, love the bar stools, great ambiance & crowds. Services were immaculate too, so, overall this place is TOP on my list for Best US Restaurant (besides da Marco) so far. However, as you will see, i dont normally give out 5 stars easily... so, maybe some day!Smoked beef brisket was very good. I will be going back.Came here on my last trip and the food was excellent. This time was just good. Don't get me wrong, it is tasty but seemed a little run of the mill after my prior experience. We sat outside and that was great. The whole atmosphere of the place is inviting and hipsteresque. I'd go back.We lunched at Cochon again and I have to say that few places can match Cochon for what it is:  a modern, casual, inviting place with no pretentiousness whatsoever . . . a place with a great bar, a good wine list, and dedicated to PIG, serving everything but the squeal . . . .The appetitzers, the salads, the entrees -- all show a care and understanding of ingredients, their interactions, and their complimentry pairings that would be right at home in a far fancier, far more "snooty" environment . . . but is just perfect here!  You don't necessarily need that last bite, but you want it, and it's a shame to waste it, and . . .Each time we eat here, we leave full and happy, and vowing to come back as soon as we can!Probably my favorite restaurant of all time. Even though Drago's chargrilled oysters might be a more famous dish, Cochon's Oyster Roast is easily a better oyster dish. One of the best things I've ever eaten. There's a salted caramel pie that caught me by surprise. I thought it would be basic and not much different than most pies. But it produced an involuntary response I rarely experience. It was so damn good, I found myself pounding the table as I tasted each bite because there were no words coming to me. I had forgotten how to speak every time I put another piece in my mouth.Another surprise was the crawfish pie, but it was surprising for a different reason. It was ordinary. Very basic. Get that thing off the menu or revamp it. It's gas station quality - south Louisiana gas station is still good, but it's probably one of the most disappointing dishes on the menu.  I now eat there every time I go back to New Orleans. Six occasions and never once disappointed.I love Cochon! Great food, service, and atmosphere. I highly recommend the rabbit and dumplings.I ate here a few times, so will give you an overview of my dishes.  The alligator app was unique here and quite tasty. The gumbo, with deviled egg, was one of the better gumbos I had during my stay.  My meals were delicious... had the pork cheeks which just melted in your mouth and also had the catfish courbuillon, which was quite filling and zesty.  My only complaint was the baked oysters, which were significantly more chewy than most places I've been.Who knew that pig could be presented so deliciously in so many ways? Donald Link knew. And now I know, too.Both times I've been here, my dining companion(s) and I have ordered a whole bunch of small plates and shared. The last meal went something like this: Collard greens (omfg, delicious). Fried alligator (lovely). Some rib dish (excellent). Shrimp and eggplant dressing (divine). Mac and cheese (yay). Broccoli and cheese casserole (eh). Butternut squash soup with pecan oil drizzle (perfection). Shrimp and corncakes (so good). I can't even remember our desserts, but I know we liked them. And the drinks were great at well. I had a boozy apple cider drink, we also had some kind of mojito that was great.The bottom line: I love pork. I love Couchon.Well.... I was about to get completely disappointed in New Orleans in terms of food. We went to 5-6 different places in French Quarter and couple in Museum District. All of different level of service and price range. I was very curious about creole cousine, heard a lot about it. Unfortunately it wasn't that good as I expected, aligator's were over cooked, everything very greasy and seems like everything tastes the same. Chicken wings at 1 place had weird flavor of some medicine! I thought, it is high time to give up and go get some ramen :) then this name kind a caught my eye and reviews were very good, so we decided to try.This is a place to enjoy food! Good variety, good service. OMG the roasted oysters were mega delicious (after you done with them, try dipping bread in the sauce, so good), rabbit liver unexpectedly rich in flavors (combination of salty fried livers+sweet creamy sauce+leaves of mint and parsley), the fish of the day was amazingly grilled and melted on the tongue. Home made lemonade...hmmm....doubt if it was home made :) but still not bad at all. I have no doubts that every single dish is delicious and unforgettable.  The waitress was extremely attentive and nice, she recommended couple of breakfast places and told that "cochon" means "pig". There is no such a thing as no good places to eat, more often we just don't know where to look for them :))))In town for a convention (read: boring), and I was charged with finding a spot for my group to eat dinner.  We had eaten at Broussard's the evening prior, and I figured I'd find a place that would provide a contrast to some of the formal dining we had enjoyed the night before.  After reading several reviews, Cochon appeared to fit the bill perfectly.Although it was fairly easy to make a reservation just a few hours before dinner time, I was pleasantly surprised to find that when I arrived, the place was packed and really kicking.  The vibe was great, and the ambiance could be described as modern, yet inviting, and just the right blend of casual and formal.First up were a couple of drinks, and I had a specialty cocktail made with Gin (yes!), lemon bitters, blueberry infused simple syrup, and a lime wedge.  I really enjoyed this cocktail, although it could have been less sweet, but this is the South.Of course, we ordered the fried alligator, boudin, and roasted oysters.  I'd skip on the oysters next time, and focus on that boudin for sure.  What a great tasting sausage!  The fried alligator had an interesting texture, on the tough side for sure, but the flavor was great and definitely worth a try even if just for the novelty.I perused the entrees on the menu, and quickly settled on the Cochon, which is perhaps one of the most tender chunks of pulled pork shoulder that I have ever sank my teeth into.  It was truly amazing.  Everyone in my group was in a sharing mood, so we sampled each other's dishes, which included a delectable red fish, rabbit, beef brisket, and goat.  Besides my cochon dish, the beef brisket was something to write home about, and the red fish was a close 3rd place.  The entrees stole the show at this restaurant.The desserts did not seem to be a strong point here, yet they managed to be quite palatable and enjoyable.  I ordered a fried peach pie with cinnamon ice cream.  The pie shell and chunky fruit filing was good, and the cinnamon ice cream was delicious on its own, but I felt that its nuanced flavor profile was overwhelmed by the pie.All in all, I had a wonderful dining experience at Cochon and it was a nice change of pace for sure.  My choice was also a hit with my coworkers, so I feel good about that, too!A vegetarian at a place called "Pig"?I had my doubts when I went with a group of carnivores but I was pleasantly surprised.  The helpful waiter informed me that they get lots of vegetarians and the chef enjoys pulling together a daily selection.  My meal was fresh pasta, corn, tomatoes in a slightly spicy sauce.  Overall, a pleasant surprise.This is the place to share a couple of small plates and try a bunch of different items on the menu.HIGHLY recommend the pork cheeks.AWESOME!We also tried the boudin balls (good but Boucherie's are better), lima beans as a side (mmm good!), and cochon (good, but not great).For dessert we tried the peach pie a la mode and the blueberry ice cream sandwich. Both were ok.This was our first time so we'd like to give them another try.Service was very good.The seats and tables are not that comfortable.Overall though, two thumbs up from us.Cheers!This was by far the best place I went to in New Orleans...and I ate at August.  What can I say, when I eat pork, I like to double down.  My husband and I sat at the chef's bar and they brought us out pork skins compliments of the chef...awesome!  My only complaint was that the attitude of the hostess was less than desirable.  Yes, it's busy, but don't act like we are doing you a favor by showing up.  The chef's cook what they love and people go there because they love pork too...not so that the hostess can rudely avoid eye contact with you, dismiss you by tell you that there aren't any tables for the next three hours, and then sit you ten minutes later...My husband and I stopped in Cochon last weekend.  It was recommended to us by our neighbor who owns an Italian restaurant in our hometown.  We actually failed to eat breakfast that morning because we got up so late.  We thought we were going to the Cochon Butcher because we parked right by the building, however because we were so early (11:20am) everything looked closed.  We decided to go in the corner restaurant because that looked like the entrance.  Again, we were not sure if the place was even open.  The hostess was at the front when we walked in and seated us right away.  We were obviously the first ones to arrive for lunch that day.We were given menus and kind of thrown off because we didn't see any sandwiches.  At this point we really didn't want to get up and leave, so decided to just look for something on the menu where we were.I ordered a small plate - pork cheeks over grits with tomato and basil.  My husband ordered the same thing and another one of the small plates that was on special.  I cannot begin to describe how AHMMMAZING the pork cheek was!!  This was probably one of the top 5 dishes I've ever had.  The other special my husband ordered was very good as well and both dishes were so full of flavor.They also brought out complimentary rolls with butter that were sooooo good.  I love when you get good bread at a restaurant and this was good bread!Since we were actually wanting more of a bigger lunch and ended up getting just small plate appetizers, we decided to try a dessert.  We ordered the peach turnover with ice-cream.  This was to die for!  The peaches were fresh and in season, and the ice cream they served was awesome.  It was creamy and had cinnamon mixed into it.  ...simply incredible.The service was great and the dishes we tried here were some of the best we had during our stay in New Orleans.  We will definitely be going back and will be sure to hit up the Butcher on our next trip!Probably deserves 3 stars but won't give it because of the over hype.  Top 20 restaurant in the country?!? This isn't even in the top 20 in New Orleans!! Way better places to eat there.  My wife and I have 2 entrees (one was the cochon and I forget the other) and a side.  The best dish was the side - mac n cheese (real hard to screw up) - but it wasn't even close to the best mac n cheese I have had.  Really disappointed all around.Interesting concepts but didn't totally deliver on the hype.  The cochon (the signature dish, no?) was too salty, and the pickled peaches that were touted in the description were FANTASTIC -- but there were only three small bits sprinkled on top, barely enough to taste.Hands down, one of the best meals I've ever had. Started with pork cheeks and grits, which I didn't want to end. After staring at all of the fantastic looking options forever, I got the cochon and my husband got the rabbit and dumplings at the suggestion of the waiter. He LOVED his dish, and I loved mine. Though we finished our entrees and we were stuffed, we couldn't say no to dessert. We tried the apple crisp with cheddar cheese ice cream. Felt like i died and went to heaven! We were told by our hotel bartender to try the gumbo or meatloaf sandwich if its on the menu, but it wasnt.Go to Cochon! It is amazing!I think I came in expecting too much or just ordered the wrong thing. The service was bad, but probably because they were packed since 3 conventions were going on nearby. Still, when I asked the waiter for his recommendation, he said I should definitely order the roasted oyster and fried crocodile, which I did. -Roasted oyster was good, but wasn't really worth the price. Smallest oysters I've ever seen too. -Fried crocodile, tasted like buffalo chicken. Little meat and a lot of batter.I travelled to New Orleans for a wedding.  After perusing Yelp and other food articles, I saw Cochon mentioned a few times.  Either they have good food or good marketing or perhaps both, but it had my attention, and having the name "pig" was another motivating factor.I tried booking reservations via Opentable but was not successful.  It said no reservations were available.  I then tried Cochon's website and filled out its online reservation inquiry form.  I was called back that same day and got a reservation.  First word advice, don't stop at Opentable looking for reservations.  I made reservations about 4 days in advance.  It was nice that it was outside of the French Quarter in an area I would not have otherwise visited.  It's located in somewhat of an industrial area.  My friends and I did the 1-mile trek from the French Quarter there.It's a casual restaurant with modern, minimal decor.  We ordered a couple of cocktails.  I got the Hillbilly.  I was warned that it was spicy.  I took a sip, it initially made me cough.  I was not expecting the peppery spiciness.  It reminded me of a bloody mary.  If you like a spicy, savory cocktail, then you might enjoy it, but it wasn't for me.  It didn't taste bad.  I just didn't like it much.For starters/first course we ordered: the fried livers, charbroiled oysters, fried alligator, gumbo, and a green salad.  It all tasted delicious: some more memorable than not.  The fried alligator, gumbo and oysters were among the more memorable. For entrees my husband ordered the pork loin and I got the rabbit and dumplings. The pork dish had a nice balance of sweet and savory and my rabbit was comforting.  Despite how full I was we still ordered dessert for the table.  Dessert did not disappoint - full of Southern, fatty charm!  We ordered the pumpkin/pecan pie and the key lime pie: rich, fatty goodness that was worth risking my ability to get into a dress for the wedding.Minor complaint - the waitstaff while extremely attentive bordered on excessively attentive.  We were asked about 3-4x how everything was during each course.  That means we were interrupted about a dozen times during our dinner to ask how we were doing.  I like when the staff comes by to check on us, but it got annoying after the 6th or so time.This place was amazing. Strolled in for lunch and managed to snag the chef's table. The cocktails looked great but we stuck with beer. Fried rabbit livers amazing. Some of the best ribs I have ever had. Fried boudin was decent. And we got complimentary head cheese that I was a bit reluctant to try but loved it. And we had the cucumber salad in addition to all our meat. Totally worth the tripVisited this place by accident during our honeymoon in Jan. Hubby was looking for sandwiches and yelped Cochon. We drove over and he said "This place looks really fancy for serving sandwiches"..well to his surprise and my delight, we got the two Cochon's confused. He actually anted the butcher shop next door that serves sandwiches.We had already walked in to the restaurant part so decided to stay and this was one of the best meals I have ever had!!Started with the pork & black eyed pea gumbo (yummy! my Nana never uses beans in her gumbo so I was apprehensive it was sooo good), and had the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad (fantastic!) and rabbit and dumplings. Hubby i a bit of a mac n cheese enthusiast and their mac n cheese did not disappoint! Had the side of cheesy grits which were nice and creamy...perfect "dinner' grits (yes..there is a difference tween' breakfast and dinner grits!).VERY PRICEY!!! It was okay because it was honeymoon but definitely treat this place as a date night spot.If you go, hop next door to the Cochon Butcher shop..they have a great selection of sandwiches and panchetta and cheeses.They also have t-shirts!How ever do you dry out a ham hock, when it's such a moist piece of meat? Ask Cochon.  They did, and served it over an under-seasoned brothy mix of al dente - and by "al dente" I'm kindly saying undercooked - whole red beans.  I don't mean to be flip, but I was totally underwhelmed given the accolades other Yelpers gave Cochon.Fortunately, one dish doesn't make a restaurant.  Our server quickly replaced the dry dish with a succulent pork rib and an order of some of the best greens I've ever had.  The bread was fresh baked, crusty on the outside, soft on the inside.  But, the alligator in the appetizer was overpowered by the buffalo tasting sauce it was covered with.If I was in the area, I might grab a bite at the mainly to-go Cochon Butcher next door.  But, if you're in NOLA for a limited time, I'd skip Cochon; there are less disappointing options.Seriously delicious!  The restaurant is filled with the aroma of tender smoked bacon....mmm be still my beating heart.The pork cheeks were so tasty!  The ribs were tender and juicy!   The jalapeno sweetbread makes me want to hunt down the chef and attack him!  Ok...he totally deserves that James Beard award!The decor is modern with touch of trendy eco-cool.  Green is the new black, right?Seriously fine cuisine that'll knock the jambalaya off your socks!Oh My God, everything I had here was positively bacon with flavor. (Sorry).Seriously,  I haven't pigged out like this in years. (Even sorrier.)Even the cracklins---served in a mug like you'd find frites-- were delicious. The baked oysters, flash roasted with buttery goodness, were fabulous (where was the bacon in this dish again?)  And I know the drink was flowing, but I may have also consumed pigs' ears: possible? (Gus may need to verify this one.)Bottom line is that everything we had here was loaded with flavor, service was fabulous, and the atmosphere was great. And the menu was one of those things you had to read several times before deciding which of the fabulous options you were settling on.Make a booking, btw: other have discovered this place. And I would highly recommend hitting this place (or August) if you only have one evening in NOLA. Oh, and take a cab if you aren't with locals: the area is a bit on the warehouse-y side.I went in thinking this was the Cochon Butcher during lunch.  I later learned I was wrong as I rounded the corner and saw the entrance. However I had a wonderful lunch experience.  I sat at the bar and the bartender was attentive and full of great local chatter.  He recommended I try the daily special ... the Meatloaf.  I was unsure but tried it anyway.  AMAZING! The Meatloaf was not dry, not a compact meat rock like I had some many times before.  The sides were AMAZING too!   I cant wait to go back and try again!If this place was cheaper it would qualify for two stars. But unfortunately it is pretty expensive and thus should be absolutely delicious. I honestly think this place is riding on hype rather than good food. Our Meal in order of worst to best: Entrees: Louisiana Cochon: The signature dish of Cochon needs some serious work! This pretentious pulled pork is WAY TOO SALTY and the seasoning destroyed what seemed to be amazing pork. It was cooked very well but the extreme saltiness of this dish ruined any potential it had. Rabbit with dumplings:A rabbit stew with dumplings. Good luck finding much rabbit in this stew. This stew again did no justice to a wonderful meat. Rather the meat is shredded so much you can hardly taste the rabbit and barely find the little bit of it they give you. Drink: Apple Bobber Cocktail. A delicious apple-y bourbon tasting cocktail. Includes both bourbon and moonshine. This was wonderful. Strong bourbon flavor cut with the sweetness of apple. Loved it! Appetizer: Ribs. Awesome. Not the best I have ever had but up there. The ribs were sweet and tangy and fell off the bone. After eating these ribs we thought the meal would be great. We were wrong. Maybe this was an off day for Cochon. But a place of this price should never have an off day when your paying prices like this.Still a crowd-pleaser. Had the Wood-fired Oysters, Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins and Smothered Greens - WONDERFUL!!! Make sure to leave some room for the Chocolate cream pie... this left me speechless.I LOVE COCHON. COCHON COCHON COCHON.... Frankly, this is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to in the world.... and I have travelled all over this darn planet.I love un-pretentious decor executed in a modern aesthetic. Cochon is like a 5 star BBQ joint and in some ways is like eating at the ritziest picnic table on the planet. Pickled mason jars are strewn about in a location that you know has so much history. I mean c'mon is New Orleans for Pete sakes... every space is basically magical.I dont even know how to elaborate on a menu that needs no elaboration. Everything is delicious but I will pick out a few highlights.The wood fired oysters. DELICIOUS. On one visit, I basically wanted to order a few plates of this, and ONLY this. ITS THAT GOOD. The pickled shrimp and corn just explodes with flavor in such a unique, light and fresh way. The fried boudin...oh if you have ever had good boudin..this one is its rival.....and that vinegar they serve it with. WOW. I wasn't much of a fan of the fried alligator. in fact I sent it back, but it was promptly removed, no questions asked and replaced with whatever I wanted from the menu (I went for more oysters :) Thats not to say it was not good....it was just not for me.You might have noticed that I REALLY didn't elaborate on Pig... well thats because I don't really eat pig (small doses for me). That doesn't mean Cochon is not for you.I would have never thought that a pig joint would be one of my favorite haunts....and it is.  I think about this restaurant and how perfect it is often. From its casual vibe to its perfect 10 food every visit. I even wanted to buy the cookbook!!!OH COCHON.. how I long for thee... and I will return for more.Awesome meal.  We started with the bucherie plate.  Everything on it was superb.  The pickled green tomatoes were a really cool addition.  I loved the head cheese (mmmm...face) and we both loved the rillette.  We had the fried alligator and crawfish pieExcellent venue. Great service. I had the cochon, and while it was very good, it was really just well made pulled pork that can be had at any good local restaurant anywhere in the south. Given another visit, I'd get something different. Too many good places to eat in New Orleans though to go a second time however. To me it's a one and done place.My experience here was a tale of two extremes. The food was spectacular! Nothing over the top, just delicious Cajun/southern inspired fare well prepared with great flavors and imaginative preparations. Now the service on the other hand was down right horrible! Several long periods during our meal when our server wasn't seen. I had an empty drink (my first of the night) sit on the table for over 20 minutes before I was able to flag someone down for a refill.  Our entrees were brought to our table while the remnants of our appetizers were still there. So the food runner simply nugged the appetizer plates out of his way and made room for the entrees, then walked away.  I realize this isn't a fine dining environment, but at least give a dude a chance to get his drink on in New Orleans!Stopped in for quick lunch at bar. Great service and atmosphere. Both the grilled shrimp appetizer and mac n cheese were delicious.So ever since I got here I've been told to go to Cochon by everyone. Unfortunately, the day we went, I was coming down with something that left me without an appetite. So I watched, as our entire table ordered a variety of plates that I have to admit, sound a little gross on the menu. But you know what? They all looked amazing. So I had a few bites here and there, and was pleasantly surprised. They WERE amazing.After everyone finished their entrees, our server offered us a dessert menu, making sure to mention that strawberry shortcake is also available for the evening. I'm a sucker for a good strawberry shortcake and thought I could tolerate a few bites. However, when it showed up, I couldn't resist and uncomfortably pigged out. Oh, it was worth it. If you don't go for anything else go for the strawberry shortcake. Who knows how long it will be on the menu! Even though I guess it wasn't...Here's what it came down to: with one entree, a beer, and a dessert, the bill came to like $50 with tip. Most of the time, I get furious paying that much for food I know I can make myself at home. What I liked about Cochon is we walked out of there feeling like our money went somewhere good. I could NOT have made the stuff at home (except maybe the strawberry shortcake, but it was only like $7 anyway). It was not a waste of money. That means a lot these days.I plan to go again, and I plan to bring my appetite with me! If you have guests in town who want to experience some good local dishes, this is the place to go. And non-locals - don't be afraid of the menu. It's all good, I promise.Great food.  Wonderfull setting.  OK service.The bad: Our waitress ended her shift just as we were finishing so she gave our bill a little earlier then she probably would have otherwise.  Not an issue but no one picked up our table after we settled up.  We had half a pitcher of beer when we paid the bill.  No one checked on us for water, if we needed a refill, and if we wanted to order anything else as we sat and talked.The good: Amazing food.  Different food then the other restaurants we visited all week so it shook up our taste buds and wow.  The roasted oysters are different the Drago or Bourbon House.  All three are great but having these that was more butter and garlic and no cheese was a great change.  The pork pate was amazing (part of the meat plate that day).A short walk from the WW II museum so a great lunch if you plan to visit the museum.I came here solo and the tables around me were lively and you could tell they were all foodies like me...Had a glass of the Malbec which was fruity and tart in all the right places, the wine list didn't have too many glasses on it but they were varied in body so it encouraged me to try something new.Had the deviled egg gumbo, which was incredible. The spicy and thick gumbo was balanced well by the perfectly devilled egg set in the middle of the bowl. The bread is also perfect here!For my entree, I had redfish prepared fisherman's style along with a twice baked potato (maybe too many scallions for my taste but the cheese on top made me happy). Redfish was some of the best fish I've ever had.Servers worked together well to get food out quickly and make sure I had everything I needed.Great experience and a chance to walk around the warehouse/arts district which I had never done before. I will certainly be back!I was looking forward to lunch at Cochon after a work-filled weekend, and it did not disappoint.Forgo the main entrees (though their signature Cochon dish, soft and flavorful pulled pork with cabbage, is terrific) and order as many small dishes as you can. Loved the presentation and simplicity of the soft boiled egg and caviar on bread pudding. The fried rabbit livers were crispy and delicious, especially with the not-too-sweet pepper jelly. And that oyster meat pie ... incredible bursts of spice with every bite.My partner said he could have done without the smothered greens---he said they had an "off" tasted to them---and I was disappointed that they were out of the pork ribs, cheeks, and hushpuppies, all of which I wanted to try. But if that's something they do to entice me back ... well, it worked.Cochon has very unique dishes. I had the fish and alligator. Everything was very good. The atmosphere was also nice. The restaurant was near the convention center and away from Bourbon street which made it easy to go there for lunch.This was without a doubt the best meal, food wise, we had during our entire New Orleans trip and we ate at some really great places. The oyster roast and fired alligator were incredible and the rabbit and dumplings was one of the best dishes I have ever had. The drinks were also exceptional, I've been trying to get the recipe for the Kurgan since then.The service was very good but different from the more professional level you get at some of the older places. MAKE RESERVATIONSWe will absolutely go here again on out next visitMost excellent wood fired oysters - perfectly tender and stunningly flavorful.  Recommended to dip your bread into the leftover broth.  The fried alligator was well executed but nothing made it stand out for me.  Also, gator is a challenging protein to cook tender.  Now to the stars of the evening: the braised pork cheeks and cochon were fan-freaking-tastic!  Cochon is basically pulled pork but by far the best I've ever had, plus the pairing with pickled onions and apples balanced it out better than perfect.  Moderately priced for top shelve food!For food it is four start for service it is two so I am giving it a three.There were 10 of us during mardi gras weekend at dinner. The waiter refused to take our order until everyone was ready for a specific course. We had big lunch as someone us were looking for just appetizers and others wanted just entrée. Waiter wouldn't have any of that, he would only let us order appetizers. Considering the location and ambience of the place, it was plain ridiculous to have such a policy.When the food did arrive, it was great. Rabbit dumplings and turtle pie are a must have.The one thought that kept repeating over and over in my head as our meal progressed was: 'how in the world can a place like this exist?' 5 star quality at 2-3 star prices? Ridiculous. But in the best way possible.Took the advice of my fellow yelpers and ordered the rabbit livers and fried alligator to start, followed by the grilled ribs. Livers were melt-in-your-mouth good (but hot, so don't burn your tongue!) and the alligator was a perfect blend of tender, juicy, and just the right touch of spice. You know how everyone likes to compare alligator to chicken, "but tougher?" Well, if this is what chicken tastes like in the Cochon universe, I may be a convert for life! The chef was even nice enough to send out a side of mac 'n' cheese, which I don't think is part of their regular menu, for our table to try, and let me just say: there is a good reason you should judge a restaurant by the quality of their mac 'n' cheeses (because this one was GREAT).Oh, and their boss hogg cocktail is also fabulous.The service is amazing and so is the food. We ordered most items on the menu and it was all great.The pork cheek and fried alligator with chili aioli were my favorites but I wasn't a huge fan of the beef brisket. All around amazing place that you need to try!!The Best Chicken I have ever ever had. Ever.I visited New Orleans for the first time a few weeks ago. I was told by a friend to stop by Cochon, little did I know I would have a life-altering Chicken experience.  I ordered two small plates:  The Chicken Thigh and The macaroni and cheese.The Chicken is in a league of Chicken all by itself. It was roasted or Barbecued? in hickory or some sort of sweet smelling wood which managed to permeate the entire chicken thigh. Each bite was like an explosion of two perfect flavors: the light smokey flavor and the creole sauce. The creole sauce covered the Chicken yet it was so light and distinct that it didn't wash out any of the other flavors.  This was by far the best piece of chicken I have ever had. The Macaroni and Cheese: At first glance it appeared to be standard home-style macaroni and cheese, but within the first bite I realized this was not the case. The cheese was definitely not "kraft american," I believe there was a superior cheese blend added to the mix..think "Gruyere, Asiago, or Parmesan Reggiano" and it was Fabulous.  (Although not life-changing like the chicken)Overall this restaurant was the best one that I visited while in New Orleans (yes, better than Emeril's Nola). The decor was modern yet rustic and an added bonus to this restaurant is the street name: Tchoupitoulas (try saying that 10x fast!)Went to this place on a recommendation from a friend.  We sat outside since the inside was full.  First of all, this place has the most AMAZING cocktails.  I had 2, one called the catahoula hound dog (I think it had gin, bitters, and fresh blueberry juice).  I also had the swinekiller (gin, rhubarb bitters and....lemonade maybe?)  They were awesome.My husband and I decided to split some small plates, so we ordered:  pickled tongue with mushrooms and feta on toast, goat stuffed biscuit, and the paneed pork cheeks.  I swear I could eat 20 of those pickled tongue toasts.  My husband and I are adventurous eaters, but you couldn't even guess you were eating tongue.  We were thinking of ordering something else and our waiter talked us into the tongue.Really amazing food for reasonable cost.  Will go again when we're in NOLA.After hearing all the buzz, a friend and I decided to stop in to Cochon for dinner.  Although we were told over the phone that they would have trouble seating us without a reservation, we arrive to many open tables and they sat us immediately.  Their menu isn't huge, but it's quite varied and creative.  Our friendly waiter provided recommendations based on what kinds of food we were interested in.  I started with the soup that day, Chicken Noodle.  It did not arrive as hot as I would have preferred but was quite tasty.  I had their signature dish for my entree, the cochon, which was very well prepared and quite enjoyable.  There are so many great places to eat in New Orleans and I think this restaurant adds to that list.  I recommend a visit as it's at least worth one try!We were so excited and looking forward to eating here after seeing and hearing all the buzz about this place. Reservations  for 9:30pm were made weeks in advance by our hotel concierge for a Tuesday night so we were set to go. I won't go into the detail of the food as I agree with other reviewers , the alligator appetizer, the creamy grits with the oyster sandwich were amazing. The pork dinner was a bit heavy, but that was expected. This is why I'm giving it 2.5 stars: we arrived on time for our reservation so excited to eat here. Shortly after ordering our drinks and appetizers , we were encouraged to order our dinner as the kitchen closed at 10pm. That just set the vibe that we better hurry up and eat, and there went the enjoyment of our dinner. Why allow reservations for 9:30pm  when you plan to close in 30 min? After that, we were pretty much rushed and we ate so fast and then didn't even get to plan for dessert. We had 2 servers, one of whom seemed to function as an expediter.  Our plates were removed before we finished and it was obvious the staff was trying to clean up and go home.  We asked for some after dinner coffee and after the server hesitated we changed our minds and decided to comply and leave promptly.  I write this review regretfully as this actually was the best meal we ate during our visit to NO, which says a lot.  The dining experience was sorely lacking, however.I wanted it to be better than it was.  The service was great. The food OK...only OK.I guess they have had a very good publicist  forme to have read and seen as much as I have, about this place.Oh well.Delicious food that is great to share with friends. We shared four small plates, one boucherie plate, and two desserts among four people for a Friday (10/16/09) lunch. The food is delicious, the beer/wine/bourbon list is superb, and the service was spot-on.Cochon is a must-do for me every time I am in New Orleans. I have been twice and have enjoyed both experiences.I have to admit, Donald Link is my current NOLA chef crush ;)Granted, when I dined at Cochon (French: Pork) I was kind of expecting mountains of Bacon on every table like breadsticks at Olive Garden, but I was pleasantly wrong.  In true foodie fashion, my beautiful dates and I ordered an assortment of appetizers to get a feel for the assortment of delicacies the menu had to offer. One dish definite stood above the rest: The Fried Alligator with chili garlic aioli.  We are still raving about the alligator every time we get together!  I can't wait to get over to Butcher as well!  And a special shout-out to server Angelina...  Woman, you rock my world.Best restaurant I have eaten during my stay in New Orleans thus far!!!  The Beef Brisket with the Horseradish and apple potato salad was amazing!!!  Not to mention their baked Mac and cheese was outrageously delicious!!!Will definitely be back!I have been wanting to dine here for the past two months and let me tell you it was worth the wanting and more. The setting is a bit rustic. I dined by my lonesome and was seated upon arrival. My waiter was outstanding, genuine, and attentive & that I loved. So lets get to the matter at hand (the food). While I read the menu I wanted to try so many things; I decided on the smoked beef brisket with the horseradish potato salad. The beef was cooked to prefection a tender juicy favorgasm. I normally would pass on anyone else's potato salad, but I am bursting with glee over this dish. Overall I enjoyed the food and service.. Great wine selections also.Off the wall menu items.In any other city this place would be OK but in New Orleans this place was not even 1/2 the quality of most restaurants that I went to in the city. The restaurant itself boats a very hip modern look and the food tries to convey the same effect (but does not achieve that). I would have expected  the interesting spin on the menu to be inspiring and interesting but most of the food tasted generic. I had the rabbit with dumplings and there was almost not rabbit meat in the stew and it could have been chicken because of the amount of salt and spices that covered all of the natural tastes. I'm not impressed. If you want a truly incredible experience, go to Green Goddess.A very casual restaurant with excellent service and food.The Cons:- This depends.  It was very busy and pretty noisy.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing for some people though.  Not the place for a quiet date.The Pros:- Friendly, experienced waitstaff.  They seemed to notice and take action on the little things that differentiate a great experience from a merely good one.  We got our drinks almost immediately and appetizers within a few minutes to start off.  We didn't wait excessively between courses and refills on drinks were almost immediate.  They checked in periodically, but not too much that it became annoying and used common sense to take care of us as they saw the opportunity.- The food was exceptional.  We thoroughly enjoyed all the courses, in particular, I loved their coffee at dessert.- Comfortable, casual, and modern interior was nice and the open view of the kitchen is something I always love.Cab ride away from the French Quarter.....friendly staff......cool decor and interior, atmosphere, etc......Started with the fried alligator appetizer -- make it happen, SO GOOD, especially if you're a first time gator-tryer like we were....we loved it and ended up eating gator all weekend because of it.Boyfriend got the rabbit and dumplings and really enjoyed it.I got the smoked pork ribs (an app) as my meal - I figured I was at a place called Pig, I should try the pig...plus I saw someone else with them and couldn't resist how good they looked. They have it down to a science. So juicy, tender, etc.....delicious. Definitely recommend this place....really enjoyed it.....though I don't necessarily feel like I need to go back there next time I'm in NOLA. I'd just want to be able to try other places too.Had a great meal here with 3 friends and no one had any complaints with any of the food.  Every dish was interesting, well thought out, well presented and full of flavor. The desserts were an unexpected highlight.My one minor gripe is with the service - which was definitely friendly, but seemed a bit laid back for my taste - this place isn't cheap and the service could be just a tiny a bit more professional.Wow! I wanted alligator and crawfish on this trip and was it a treat!After our cocktail at Butcher, Friend and I waited only a few minutes to be seated for our 6:30 reservation. Service was timely, friendly and knowledgeable. We each had The Swinekiller cocktail (gin, limeade and rhubarb bitters, yum). I asked for a bit more bitters in mine and they happily obliged, though it still wasn't quite as pink as Friend's.We shared alligator tail, crawfish pie, roasted broccoli and green bean salad, and the hamhock with Brussels sprouts and spatzle.  Everything was amazing! We wished they had bread pudding for dessert so we could fulfill our whole food wish list, but alas, on the point, we were out of luck. Go, share, be happy!My husband and I finally decided to try this place after driving by it all the time.  Bottom line is that it seemed pretty hit or miss.  I ordered two of the small plates and a side.  My fried alligator was delicious as were the smothered greens.  The crawfish pie was a bit disappointing; the crust was good but there wasn't a whole lot of flavor inside of it.  My husband got gumbo, which he really enjoyed, and brisket, which he said had a bit of a "crock-pot" flavor to it.  The brisket came with horseradish potatoes which he said were really good.Ultimately, it was a little expensive for what it was.  It's downtown, so I would recommend it to people who need something in that area, but I don't know that I will necessarily go back. I have no complaints about the service, just found the place underwhelming.Really not a lot to say that others haven't said....so I'll add a few cents:- Went here THREE TIMES during my five day work trip (bc it is SO amazing)- Menu changes most days (although a few staples remain, and when they run out of ingredients, well, the menu changes again)- Service is pretty great- The first two out of three visits was with a large group -- and we literally tried everything on the menu, and OMG y'all, it's all LEGIT- Yes, it's pricey, but you get what you pay for and here you get incredible food, fresh/exceptional ingredients and ambiance to matchMAKE RESERVATIONS at least a few days in advance. My goodness I cannot wait to come back here and try the group's other restaurants.Lastly, go next door to the "butcher" and try the shrimp salad sandwich (OMG!!!) and try a strawberry ale AND get a bottle of hot sauce to take home to the wife/boss/lover.There isn't a doubt in my mind that one of the very rarest slices of culinary heaven on earth can be found inside the doors of Link's eateries and if there is one in particular that rises to the status of Godlike it is indeed Cochon.I lived in New Orleans for years, went through Katrina and came back and was so very happy to see that Link's commitment to the city just got stronger. This is undeniable in the warm familial atmostphere and stunning bites that define Cochon.I LOVE food but occasionally when I open a menu and see items that have been served up SO BADLY, SO OFTEN I shudder at the thought of trying said things again (see alligator often too tough to swallow much less use for anything other than a fleshy baseball OR Boudin often so dry and just horribly gamey it is inedible) but I was heading to Cochon with a group of 5th generation cajuns and it was a Link eatery so I dove in...and we were all thrilled we did.GET A RESERVATION. This is not optional. No reservation? Unless it is the middle of summer with 180% humidity and everyone has left town you won't get a seat.The local liquor selection is divine. They usually carry at least 4 Abita's on draft at any given time. The bartenders there are true mixologists and will not steer you wrong. Don't know what to drink with your dinner? Ask them. They know exactly the perfect compliment.The fried alligator with Garlic aioli was like a bit of "fried fried heaven" in my mouth. The alligator was firm but not tough and the seasoning scrumptious. The boudin with the mustard and pickled peppers looked a bit tart to me on paper but turned out to be a revelation when served. The rabbit and dumplings was just one of the most amazing things I have ever put in my mouth EVER. It was so fresh tasting with the veggies and the rabbit was fall apart tender. The brisket was almost obscene it was so good with the smokey, seasoning playing perfectly against the kick of the horseradish in the potato salad.It was beautifully executed, lacking the snobbery and just simple, brilliantly paired food that was clearly created by someone who loves Louisiana cuisine. Is it a bit "much"? HELL YES! But isn't that by definition what New Orleans is all about. It is a celebration of excess and it succeeds perfectly!I could eat here everyday. I am sure I would die young with all the butter that is notorious in cajun cooking but damn it if it were being served by Cochon I can promise you I would also die happy in one of my favorite eateries on the planet in my favorite city in the world.. Always hungry...and Sadly STILL stuck and lost in LA.GGI am in LOVE! There is no way to cross this place off of my bucket list because I HAVE to go back for more! I don't even know where to start. The place itself is gorgeous, in a down-home comfy kind of way. Wait staff was incredible. You know you are in for a treat when your waiter tells you "I work here because I am proud to serve this food. I can't cook but its so awesome I am proud to just be a part of serving it!".So we decided to try almost all the small plates - every single one was off the chart good. I can't even go into describing each one. You just have to go for yourself. Next..only two words. MOONSHINE SAMPLER!!!!We ordered about 5 entrees. Each one was remarkable and you felt like you were in Cajun country eating at someones talented uncles house. The pork was beyond tender and wonderful. We tried several sides and I was sure the mac & cheese would be my favorite - even though it was orgasmic (yes, I said it), it was the eggplant dressing that stole the show.Each dessert item was heavenly..........I just can't wait to go back.PS - dont forget to try their homemade hot sauce on your table. It taste like our chili-pepper water out here. Delish!All the food we had at Couchon was good. Two items really, really stand out:The fried alligator with chili garlic aiole sauce was terrific! and the pancetta mac and cheese was to die for.  The rest of the meal was good - but not great and the chairs are like sitting outside on your patio uncomfortable.  However - they weren't so uncomfortable that I would refuse to return next time I'm in NOLA. That alligator is enough to get me back even if I had to eat it sitting on nails.Pig. Pork. Yum.Quite happy mouth after eating here. The fried rabbit liver with a spicy jelly is *fantastic*! Head cheese and charcuterie also make a mouth happy. The crab on a spinach cream puree was neat.Both I and another found the cochon with turnips & cracklin's flavorful but a tad too salty. The only other downside here was the unfortunate but frequent splashing of drinks as they were served. The staff completely rocked other than that, dealing with some of our odd out-of-towner requests.Definitely get reservations.Ok, I am going to reiterate the fried alligator is a winner.  This along with the side dish of eggplant and shrimp were hands down favorites at our table.  As for the rabbit and dumplings, I think that the yelp reviews here didn't adequately describe the dish.  It's basically a pot pie with the biscuits on top or could even be described as shepherd's pie without the potatoes.  Comfort food absolutely, but it might as well have been chicken in the dish because the sage, thyme and rosemary overpowered the rabbit.  Tried a friend's cochon and I wish I had ordered this dish.  Like a succulent pulled pork where you need absolutely no sauce.  This restaurant lost a star for having only one chardonnay by the glass, which was also not a good selection.  I also thought the service was a bit hurried but on a Monday night it was already packed by 7:00pm. As many yelpers recommended, you might want to just do apps and sides and skip the main courses.We didn't make a reservation and just walked in.  They said there would be a 45minute wait so we ordered cocktails at the bar-I had the Manhatten and it was strong/wonderful.  Another in our party had the Swimming hole cocktail-I would definitely recommend this drink.  They had a cancellation and we were seated right away.  We ordered rabbit livers and fried alligator for appetizers--very perfect seasonings on both of them.  I had the "fisherman style" fish-which was cooked perfectly.The atmosphere btw is really modern.Found out Cochon on Cooking Channel and have to try it out when we were in NOLA on Labor day weekend. It is a casual dining and an open kitchen concept. We love the menu as they have many small plates that we can share. Their pork ribs were fork tendered, mac and cheese and hush puppies was good too, and a few other small plates to share. All was tasty and flavorful. However, I am not too keen on the fried alligator though. I love their pineapple upside down corn cake with coconut lime ice cream. Well, if we could, I would like to try every small plates on their menu as all sounds so interesting and delicious. I love Cajun food and how I wish Houston has a good Cajun/creole restaurant like in New Orleans, Will definitely go back again to Cochon or Cochon Butcherie if have a chance.Local but eclectic. An overused word I'm sure but that is what Cochon was for us.Fried alligator - Great. Chewy. Don't know if it's supposed to be but it was. Went great with the chili garlic aioli... almost like a buffalo gator tender.Fried boudin w/pickled peppers - AWESOME. The boudin was a myriad of flavors like I expected. Went well with a dab of the creole mustard and the pickles were a suitable pairing.Smoked pork ribs w/pickled watermelon - Ribs were nice. Well cooked and smoky enough for a BBQ fan. The pickled watermelons gave a nice contrast when loaded up with a rib bite, but by themselves they were terrible to me (lol).This is probably the only non-touristy place I would have to return to when visiting New Orleans again.This, my friends, is a place that knows how to show proper respect to a pig.My friends and I made it a priority to stop by for a visit.  Reservations are a must for dinner as the restaurant was packed on the night of our visit.The restaurant is casual but with a trendy and upscale vibe. Southern hospitality was definitely on display as everyone was so friendly and welcoming to us.  The kitchen and dining room are well run operations.Each table is provided with a basket of warm dinner rolls .  Yes, they are very, very good.  I was lucky to be able to snap one picture before everyone reached over and grabbed one!  (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…)We started with the wood fired oyster roast , fried alligator with chili aioli  and roasted broccoli salad .  The oysters were hot, plump, juicy and slightly spicy, having been roasted in the shell ((yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…)).   We really enjoyed these!  The alligator bites were mild tasting and reminded me of chicken ((yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…)).  It's not my first time eating alligator and to be honest they didn't really stand out to me.  That being said, they were well fried and the sauce was provided a nice balance to the richness of the fried nuggets.  The broccoli salad was delicious and came with green beans, buts and a creamy dressing with a hint of heat (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…).  I found this dish to be delicious and appreciated the fact that it was not overdressed.Our main courses, all shared, were the smoked ham hock, Louisiana cochon and the oven-roasted fish with a side of sauteed kale.  Of the three I personally liked the fish the most, but note that the scales have been left on one side of the fish fillet and they sometimes worked their way into my bites of fish.  The fish itself was perfectly cooked, moist and flavorful (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…).  It reminded me of sea bass.  The ham hock came with a mustard cream sauce and was smoky and moist (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…).  The cochon is a patty of smoky pulled pork (I'm simplifying this dish but it takes hours to prepare) and came with cracklin's (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…).  All of the dishes were good and I would recommend each of them.  The kale was quite good.  Given that I was the one eating most of the vegetables at this meal, I was happy to eat a simply prepared dish of greens with all the rich meat dishes.For dessert we indulged in the strawberry pocket pie, strudel and chocolate peanut butter pie.  Our waiter told us that the first two items were popular but all of us at the table loved the chocolate peanut butter pie (yelp.com/biz_photos/coch…).  We LOVED that pie.  It was light, creamy, fluffy and not too sweet.  It was the perfect balance of salty, peanut-y, chocolate-y goodness.  The strawberry pie reminded me of a pop tart (a good one!) and the strudel was just okay.  They were good, but were not outstanding.  We topped off the meal with some of their Catdaddy moonshine, flavored with vanilla and nutmeg.  It was sweet and the flavoring mellowed out the bite from the alcohol.  I would recommend Cochon to anyone that loves good food, good drinks and a good time.The best  culinary  experience we had in  Nola! You couldn't pay me to go to a chain restaurant and I was happy  that  I did not see many in Nola. My hubby found  Cochon while watching Bizarre Foods.http://www.tvfoodmaps.com/restaurant/LA/New-­Orleans/Cochon-Butcher But it was also on "Food Paradise" ,"The Lay Over", and "No Reservations". The chef at Cochon received  a James Beard award!nola.com/dining/index.ss…  I only eat meat on a very rare occasion. I decided to make this one of the rare occasions where I eat meat. Plus the  meat was served in  a balanced way  with vegetables and I  also ordered Lima beans on the  side. (truth be told I gave most of it to my hubby and I ate the  desserts) But I did eat  and enjoy some of it! I mostly eat fish/seafood  but I am  allergic to shell fish.  Shell fish is a very common  allergy.   So it made finding dining options difficult for me in  NOLA ! I was not always allergic to shell fish so I have the torment of knowing what it tastes like  and  I can't eat it!While at  Cochon the  manager came over to me and spoke to me about my shell fish  allergy  and said not to  eat the  alligator because it was fried in the same oil as shell fish.  It  is always  nice when  a restaurant  is aware  of allergies! The  wood-fired oyster roast and  alligator  smelled so tempting  I almost tried it! I did not have  my  Epi pen so the manager stopped me. Pretty  stupid of me.  I never do that but it really smelled so amazing I was  willing  to die to  taste it.  Not really but  almost.    I am also not a "Bizarre" foods eater.  I like Andrew Zimern.  sf.eater.com/tags/andrew…But it is for his personality not his foods that I watch. But as for as Couchon it was the desserts  that convinced me to go.The pastry chef  has an impressive resume.In  any case all of the  food we had was  superior! For an appetizer he had fried alligator with chili garlic aioli.  I was not able to  eat  it  since it was  cooked in  the  same  oil as shell fish but it  smelled amazing! He also got the  wood-fired oyster roast as an appetizer. He said they  were awesome!I had the Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled turnips & cracklins  and it was some of the  best pork I have ever had outside of Hawaii! I was however  disappointed that it was served with turnips and not peaches. The original menu says  peaches  but  I know peaches are not in  season. Never the less one of the best meals of pork I have ever had! My hubby  said so too! I only  eat meat We also ordered  smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle and shared it. The ribs were bursting  with flavor!The  bread served with the  meal was hot and served with  warm  butter! Some  of the best fresh baked bread I  have had  in  a long  time, maybe  ever! It was soft hot and chewy!My  hubby  had cabbage braised pork cheeks with radish, cucumbers & field peas   for lunch. The  pork  was good it  reminded me of Kalua pig.  (Hawaiian luau  food) We shared everything  except the  shell fish.He had for an appetizer alligator.  We have had alligator in NYC  at  a restaurant that  was known as the top Cajun  restaurant  in  NYC  before it closed called Cooking  with  Jazz. He  said  the  alligator tasted nothing like this! He  said  it  was amazing!For me  it was a struggle to choose which dessert   so I got several desserts. :) See pictures. I got that  from  Atif I who says he doesn't  believe  in  choosing between  desserts! yelp.com/user_details?us…My hubby  also had Pineapple Upside-Down Cake with Coconut-Lime Sherbet + Dulce de Leche.I had a strawberry  tart  made with Louisiana  strawberries and sour cream ice  cream. It  was heavenly. I  also had Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie.  It was great  but I was so full already. My hubby  also   had banana pudding  for dessert! It  was awesome! It had sour cherries in it! I ate most of it!They  gave us Moonshine with  our  dessert!We never had it before! I can't drink  alcohol so my hubby  tried it! He said  it was really strong! I could smell it. It smelled like  egg  nog! It smelled very sophisticated.  The  servers were all professional  and very friendly as well as knowledgeable about food and Nola.  They  all pretended to be shocked at my age  which  is a plus for me.:)My hubby gives me  whatever I want within  his means. I  am so blessed to be married to him and  so blessed he  took me to  Nola  and  to  Cochon  for  my milestone  birthday!A is for Alligator.We lucked out on a Thursday night around 6:30.  We came in and within 25 minutes (enough time to get a drink at the bar), we were seated outside without a reservation.  We had the fried alligator and oysters to start.  The oysters were good, but not remarkable.  The alligator is hard to describe because can any of us really say the alligator itself tasted good?  I don't know. I can tell you the batter was good, the aioli was great, and I'm not sure about the alligator.  Just get it because it tastes good!Don't get the bacon and oyster sandwich, it is just as simple as it sounds. Damn bacon goggles! The catfish was excellent with really authentic flavors of the region.  I felt like I could be at someone's house with that dish.  Same was true of the mac n' cheese.  It was down home, creamy, but lacked a tangyness I like.  It's odd, but I got the sense from the waiter he was disappointed with our choices.  We had picked some of the items based on the praise given at the bar by the bartender.  The house cocktails were better than most I had in the city and our final bill was cheaper than lunch and dinner at many places in the city.Wow.  This was our first meal of the weekend (lunch) and it set the bar oh-so-high.  Lunch time is busy at Cochon -- the inside was packed by 12:30.Coming from weather that's been 45 degrees and rainy, we sat on the porch, comfortable under the ceiling fan.  Our waiter was friendly, prompt, and quick to offer his recommendations.  He did not lead us astray.We ordered:Flash fried oysters (one of my favorite things from the entire trip)Fried boudin (exceptional)Pork belly (wowza)Crawfish pie (not my personal favorite, but still quite good)...and a bottle of prosecco.  That was enough for 3 of us for lunch, and we left full but not feeling too heavy.I'm a Chicago girl and I know my way around some pig-inspired small plates.  Impressing me is no small feat.  Well done, Cochon!I ordered the fried alligator appetizer and I think it was delicious, specially the fact that it was on the spicy side. Yum! I like the texture and chewiness, more like fish rather than any other white meat. Next time though I will go for the gumbo, I got a bit of a heavenly taste of it and it was no brainer.For the entree I had the pulled pork, it was delicious very flavorful. I side order of plain mash or bread or even rice would have been great. I like it, though it was so plentiful I did not finish. I also got to sample the smoked beef brisket and the uniquely mashed potatoes with horse radish. I highly recommend that for the next visit.Overal, Cochon's meals live up to the expectation and recommendations. Next time I would just try all the small dishes.Sort of nose to tail cooking for the pig. Yum, but not really suitable for those trying to keep  halal or kosher.  We made reservations, it was the first big weekend of parades.  It was a good thing. My TH insisted I take off my beads, I complied. They do not have a bead check. Um, great food, great drinks, excellent service unlike Herbsaint, we were offered coffee with our desserts. I can't really remember anything about my food other than it was fish and it was good. Desserts were good, but not great.However, we were not rushed and that was the best.Very lovely, sparse clean decor.Cochon did not start out the night very well.  As another reviewer mentioned, our group of 9 also called ahead for reservations, only to wait 45 minutes for a table!  Fortunately, the manager felt bad for us and gave us a free round of shots (still not sure if that made up for a full 45 minute wait, but I'll take it).The 2 foodies in our travel group were very excited by the menu choices and ordered a little bit of everything.  Having once had a pet bunny, I could not bring myself to eat the rabbit...and having a recently weak stomach, I couldn't venture into many of the unique delicacies offered.  However, I did enjoy very much my beef brisket and horseradish potato salad.  At first the horseradish scared me off, but it really wasn't too much to handle and nicely comlplemented the beef.  Overall, our group was very satisfied with everything and all of the plates left the table completely empty.  Our total came to $450, but for a group of 9 (with drinks), I did not think that was too unreasonable.I completely agree with Matthew P.: "I'm still trying to determine if my lackluster dining experience at Cochon was because I simply don't appreciate Cajun cuisine, or if we ordered the wrong items off the menu."I actually wanted to eat at Cochon Butcher (for which I will write a 4 star review), but ended up here by a mistake.  I had the rabbit & dumpling, which was mediocre.  It was have been terribly bland except for a small amount of what I could only guess is Cajun spice.The in-house made Meyer lemon and strawberry sherbet was great (taste heavily leaned towards lemon).  Taste was crisp, consistency was just right, and the accompanied pig shaped cookie complemented the sherbet very well.  For the that particular dessert alone I would give it 4 stars.This restaurant was highly recommended to us from our cousin from Mississippi. He even told us what to order.  It was worth every bite.The service was 5 star.  Attentive with a smile and always checked in to see if we needed anything.Fresh baked dinner rolls are served right after you order. We started with the tender pork cheek laid on an applesauce with feta cheese and chili ailoi fried alligator It was very tasty and we enjoyed every bite.  We ordered the crispy soft crab, smoked brisket with horseradish potato salad and the pork tenderloin with beets, carrots and swiss chard. We ordered two side dishes, mac n cheese and the lima beans with bacon.  For dessert, we had the coconut lemon cake, it was the right combination to end the evening.Worth the walk from the French Quarter.  Make reservations or go early. They were no longer excepting reservations from Thursday evening on...The food is always great at Cochon, the service is always good although the tables can be a bit tight, the environment can be loud, and the temperature can be an issue at times due to the HVAC system or if you're sitting near the door.  That being said, you'll find a lot of great, typically rich food which just about everyone will enjoy.  Herbsaint is more refined, Peche gives you a bit more space, and Butcher is a lot more casual but this is a great restaurant by Donald Link and won't break the bank so how can you go wrong.  Except the constant difficulty in getting a reservation of course.After living here for 7 months, this is the first restaurant to really impress me. Nice interior with only slightly annoying old-school country twang playing in the background. The only downside was the waitstaff - apparently all slightly stoned, based on speed (lack thereof) and ability to speak clearly. And I don't like having the busser bring me my bill - very tacky.But the food was good from start to finish. The apps were all fresh and lively, the brisket was intense with concentrated flavors, the cochon (basically an entire pig reduced to a flattened ball) was sweet and succulent, and the smothered greens were a meal in themselves.Desserts were also impressive. Lemon-buttermilk pie was like a lemon zest-scented custard in a sweet chewy crust. Chocolate Coconut Roulade was, essentially, the ultimate ding-dong. Even the coffee was good, which is rare for a NOLA restaurant.Damn fine wine, beer and booze list.I love how adventurous this restaurant is and that everything I ate was pretty much the first time I ever had it.We had lunch here on a trip to New Orleans in late June.  We a bunch of the small plates and boucherie.  The wood-fired oysters were amazing, my husband and I had never had those before.  Fried alligator was excellent, although a little tough (not sure of that is typical with alligator).  Rabbit liver was surprisingly good.  But my absolute favorite was the fried boudin.  I did not know what boudin was; my husband waited to tell me after we ate them (good idea, although I would eat them again).The restaurant also has a very modern, fresh design.  Our waitress was terrific and helped us make our selections.  We also had an excellent white wine (unfortunately I can't remember the name).My first time dining here. Biked over from home to grab a small bite, since my own kitchen was closed for the night. Long story short, sat at the chef's counter, and had a small plate, the ribs with pickled watermelon rind. Let me digress and say that the service is great here. Everyone is personable, and without asking, I was brought a complimentary plate of head cheese with homemade mustard and pickled peppers of some sort.  It was great.But the ribs. Wow. So, so good. Very uniquely seasoned, perfectly spiced, and wonderfully cooked. I think this will become a weekly spot for me. Highly recommendDinner at Cochon was definitely one of the highlights of my visit to NO.  The stark furnishings stood in sharp contrast to  the rich cuisine you can expect. It was a veritable temple to the hog! I thought the oyster roast was absolutely amazing.  The mushroom salad also very good, both the fresh mint and shaved jerky were quite unexpected, but blended well together.  I ordered the cochon as my main and it was fantastic, very moist.  They have a good wine list, but an excellent whiskey list.  And you can order flights of both bourbon and rye (which is why my review is a bit brief....).This was my favorite stop on our trip through New Orleans.  The staff was good, going over the unique and very tasty menu.  (I wanted to have a little bit of everything).  We started off with some appetizers, deviled crab, cheese and meat plates, all very tasty.  I had a Stout from Japan that had some lactose sugar in it and was very interesting.  After trying the only 3 local beers I could find, and all of them being OK but not great, this stout was different and interesting.  My girlfriend ordered the ham hock which was incredible, and I had the fish of the day which was grilled to perfection, and very flavorful.  Everything here was great, they have a butcher shop attached to the back of the restaurant that serves sandwiches and stuff like that for lunch.  One bite of the sandwich made us want to go to Cochon, and it was well worth it!I tried to go to Jaques Imo's, but it was closed for vacation.  My cab driver instead took me to Cochon.  What luck!  There were seats at the bar and it was worth all of the hassle of getting there.I had oysters to start with a wonderful rose wine.  For the main course I had the catfish, which was superb.  Best catfish I've ever tasted. Next time I'm making reservations and making a whole night of the experience.For a place called "Pig" where the butcher shop is actually connected to the restaurant (as our server informed us), we had an elegant dining experience in a space that looked suspiciously like a giant wooden crate.  The beef brisket with horseradish potato salad and my husband's pork special with their deceptively simple presentation were both packed with flavor.  They really are experts at teasing the best elements out of each meat dish, and it was enough to make a piggy out of me. For anyone that loves meat in any form, Cochon is a must.Well I think the ratings speak for themselves, however- why not one more spectacular review?My mom and I went for an early dinner and I must say we left very pleased..Usually I'm the price nazi but I made an exception and said let's give it a whirl and so the meal:We decided on a boucherie plate for an app. Pork cheeks with sauerkraut potatoes and pears and feta-phenomenal!!!!!!For our meal we had the signature dish:Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage and cracklins... Sweet lord almighty!!!! Get  this... You won't be disappointedAnd since we couldn't decide on a single dessert..Mom had the pineapple upside down cake and I don't care for this particular cake but theirs is a must have...I had the hummingbird cake.... Absolutely one of the best cakes I've had in a long time. I feel like it could've been cheaper but it was truly a wonderful dining experience... You pay for what you get so I can't hate!I also really wanted to enjoy this meal and dining experience at Couchon. A short cab ride from the Quarter and we were seated right away. Service was very good and attentive. The food left much to be desired.I had the Oyster roast and while described as half shell oyster oven roasted with sauce and nearly raw, they were over cooked and borderline tough. Tasty but not worth the raves. Others had the chicken and sausage gumbo. I'm a fan of a thinner, dark gumbo and this was right on spot! It was full of goodies and seasoned well. My entree was an evening special of soft shell crab on a bed of greens and tomatoes. Honestly, I shouldn't have even eaten it. It was over breaded and had ABSOLUTELY no flavor. The crab was absolutely tasteless and it wasn't that it was over sauced or prepared poorly, just void of crab flavor. My partner had the "fisherman" style red fish and it was absolutely terrific: huge portion, seasoned well, flavorful and moist. Probably the only reason for the third star.Others had the brisket (oily) and alligator (tough and flavorless).With much better restaurant choices in New Orleans, I would not go back. I'm really confused by the James Beard award???Best oysters we've had in NOLA - wood-fried tender,juicy and pulpy morsels soaked in a lovely broth that was perfect for soaking up the bread in. (They didn't give us more bread though we asked).The fried alligator was also excellent as was the charred broccoli with satsuma.  The cochon was good though would have been better with a bit more gravy.We spent a week in NOLA and this was by far our favorite meal. I had the crab stuffed artichoke which was so flavorful and the pork shoulder (ran out of pork loin) which was beyond tender. I'm a bread pudding fanatic and the bread pudding here was awesome! Very moist. One of the best meals I've had in a long time!Four of us dined at Cochon on a Tuesday night.  It's a cool looking space, not too loud and not too quiet.The food was outstanding, but we thought that the service was a bit distracted and rather inattentive.  The server forgot to put in one of our appetizers and then when the entrees came out, all four did not come out at the same time and the sides came out even after the 4th dish.  After we complained (and got a weak explanation, but no real apology) our server did offer to "comp" us for desert which was a nice thing to do.Notwithstanding the rather mediocre service, the food was REALLY GOOD and innovative.  We had the salad with pig ears, the Louisiana Cochon, the fish of the day, greens and mac and cheese. Perhaps it was our server, and on a return to New Orleans, I would definitely come back.This is the second time I've been to Cochon. My first experience was pretty mediocre; I just didn't fall in love with the food the way others had. But the restaurant continues to get rave reviews from critics and the general public so I thought I'd give it another go. Well, once again, I'd say I thought the food was good, but not amazing. I like the overall decor of their space (modern with good lighting) and especially love the outdoor seating. The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. But at the end of the day, I still felt underwhelmed with the food. What I loved and would order again in a heartbeat:Wood-fired oyster roast Rabbit and dumplings (very rich though)Pork wrapped in bacon with brussel sprouts (special that night)We also ordered these dishes and they were good, but nothing I'd come back for:Fried alligator with chili garlic aioliPaneed pork cheeksFried Boudin with pickled peppersHam hockLouisiana cochonOverall, still worth a visit if you haven't been. I still need to try their sandwich shop.On a side note, Richard Blais from Top Chef was dining the same night we were - wouldn't it be fabulous if he wrote a yelp review!?Awesome Rabbit and dumplings a must have, tried the pork tounge and wood fired oysters with some local beers besides Abita, and black velvet cake with a sweet potatoe porter. Two thumbs up !!!Stopped in for a quick bite after seeing the good reviews. We were not disappointed. Very cool atmosphere. Great beer selection. We ordered the small plates. Ordered the ribs, crawfish pie, and zucchini salad. All were very tasty although I prefer drier ribs than the heavy sauce that they used. Other than that, I can't wait to return to try the other things on the menu. I recommend getting a reservation to avoid a wait. The place was packed when we went. Had to sit at the bar, which wasn't bad.Amazing.  The small plate Appetizers were wonderful (Alligator bites and Artichoke).  Catfish was delicious as main course.  Great wine list.  A real don't miss!!!I had the rabbit and dumplings here. OMG soooo good. Perfectly season. Meat was tender. I need to come back here. It's been a year. Frankly, that's too long of a time not to go to Cochon.been waiting to go here since 2008.  too bad didn't have enough room.  thus only tried the rabbit and dumplings (stew) and louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & cracklins.  slightly drier than I though it'd be but had a nice depth of flavor (both dishes)Outstanding food, service and beverage program.A group of girlfriends and I stopped in to eat when we were in town and all of us were blown away by the quality of the food.  We split a good amount of small plates.  The clear stand-out was the smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle, which was so good that our pescatarian friend dug right in to the dish. The oysters were also delicious and the crab cake was elevated to extraordinary by the pea and cucumber flavors. We did three different entres, and they were all awesome.  I especially enjoyed the rabbit and dumplings.  There's Cheerwine on the bev menu, which suited this pregnant lady just fine.  Our server was able to suggest some nice wines for the rest of the group. Overall, I would return again and again if I were a local.  But I'm happy to just think of those ribs for now.My sis and I had a fabulous dinner at Cochon.  Wow.  We started w/ the fried chicken livers and they were perfectly battered, seasoned...only complaint was the overwhelming caraway on the toasts, however, it's such a personal taste preference, I just don't prefer the seeds.My sis had the Catfish Court-bouillon and it was incredible.  So fresh and perfect.  It was light, yet hearty, difficult to describe, I'll tell you what though, every bite was a new taste and that made the dish so intriguing.  I had the wood oven roasted fish of the day, red-fish, and it was outstanding.  The best piece of fish I've had in New Orleans to date.  We shared the broccoli, pecan and rice side dish and it was rich and heavenly.  The ultimate comfort food we decided.Service was great and the hostess was so understanding when we showed up 15 minutes late...we were lost, whoops! The decor, clean, simple, cool.  I'll definitely be going back when I return to my favorite city!Very high-quality food comes out of this kitchen - it's delicious.  However, you have to like pork and pork products (and not be squeamish if you see pig tongue salad with pig ear garnish!).  Definitely don't bring a vegetarian here.  ;)The atmosphere is warm yet modern, and it smells fantastic inside!  I've only eaten here a couple of times for lunch, and service has always left something to be desired.  Not sure how it is for dinner.One of these days, I'll leave enough room for dessert - the red velvet cake looks stupendous!A friend of mine has been wanting to try this place ever since she read a review of it in the NY Times.  I didn't try much off the menu, having had a massive (hangover) breakfast in the morning, but what I did have was tasty.  I had a small plate of ribs and a side of smothered greens, both perfectly seasoned and prepared.  I'm in love with greens but am hard pressed to find places that will do them right ; I think I was spoiled by working at a school where the food was amazing and cooked by people who took joy from preparing a meal well.  The ribs were more sweet than spicy, which was fine with me.  They were all also incredibly tender and basically falling off the bone the minute I even pointed my fork towards the meat.  I also shared a blueberry cobbler with my boyfriend, which was not too sweet and had wonderful cinnamon biscuits on top of it.My one complaint was my Bloody Mary.  It had a great cajun taste to it, but seemed nearly devoid of alcohol, which bothered me for the price of it.  The service was good and the atmosphere seemed to impress my friends more than myself.  There was a LOT of wood in this place and I felt it kind of detracted from whatever look they were going for with the decor.After seeing Cochon on "After Hours with Daniel" (Boulud) and hearing such terrific reviews, I was really expecting to love this pork shrine.  However, my friend and I found that the taste of the food did not live up to the interesting menu descriptions.  The high-ceilings and simple wooden furniture compliment the Warehouse District location of this basic restaurant.  When I say "basic", I mean that in the best sense of the word.  Cochon cooking stands for freshness, simple ingredients, and down-to-earth flavor.  The prices are reasonable, and the service is attentive, possibly to a fault.  We were easily confused by the 3+ waitstaff members that checked in on us throughout the meal.Our early evening dinner began with the renown Pork Cheeks.  The moist "other white meat" was served in three large chunks atop a crisp beet chip.  A topping of fresh asparagus and plate garnish of goat cheese gobs were meant to enhance flavor, but did little to do so.  Though goat cheese usually packs intense taste, these gooey dribbles were as bland as could be.  While we enjoyed the pork cheeks, we did not find them very memorable.  The beet chip was the real highlight of the plate, adding texture, bold tartness, and rich color.  We also decided to be brave and try the Fried Alligator small plate.  The crisp balls of tough meat were satisfying, and a chili garlic aioli sealed the deal.  The spiced oil added a kick to the otherwise bland meat, reminiscent of lamb.We washed down our B-list appetizers with a first class, seasonal strawberry lager.  The wheat beverage was enhanced by real berry puree.  It was then time to move on to our D-list entrees.  My Smoked Beef Brisket was terrible!  Each slice was full of fat, and the fiery taste was overpowering.  The side of Horseradish Potato Salad was strangely bland and goopy.   My friend ordered the Over-Roasted Redfish, which was dressed in an Italian marinade and served "Fisherman's Style" (skin and bones left just on the bottom).  The fish was actually moist and light, and we wound up switching meals.  Her side of Eggplant & Shrimp Dressing was essentially a greasy, breaded casserole containing the vegetable and shellfish named in the title.  We were not impressed.Cochon's mediocre food was a disappointment.  Visitors to the city could find better hyped-up options.This is a quick walk from the Convention Center - in most cities anything this close would be subpar, but Yelp came through again for me with an excellent recommendation...We ate a quick lunch.  I ate the beef brisket with horseradish mashed potatoes.  The brisket was very soft and juicy - not at all what typical Texas brisket is like at a BBQ restaurant.  The potatoes were to die for - big chunks of horseradish and other yummy things.  My co-dinners had the gumbo and shrimp appetizer - neither complained.This place a good feel and was crowded on a Tuesday.  Lots of local business people eating, including the owner/chef...I will definitely go backThis place is amazing.  A definite must when visiting New Orleans.The wood fired oysters were plump and juicy.  Each oyster is covered with a spiced butter sauce that adds great flavor without overpowering the taste of the oyster.  The osyters were so fresh and were imbued with a lightly smokey flavor from being in the wood fire oven.The fried alligator with chili garlic aioli was also very good.  The alligator was not chewy at all.  And the chili garlic aioli had that nice hint of heat without being overly spicy that your mouth is burning.The spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickles was a hefty portion of very tasty meat with a hint of smokiness after being in the wood fire grill.  The pickled watermelon provides a nice astringent crunch to offset the fatty sweetness of the ribs.Definitely coming back the next time I'm in NOLA.I finally found it-- the modern cajun New Orleans restaurant that made me understand what all the fuss was about.  I came for lunch, sat at the bar, and had three small plates: chopped cucumbers with vinegar and herbs, macaroni and cheese, and pork ribs with watermelon pickle.  Each one hit the mark.  The cucumbers were spicy, sour, and sweet, with delicious bits of mint and parsley that made my day.  The macaroni and cheese was tangy, crunchy, and yet not overly weighty.  The ribs were good too, as you would expect; my only complaint is that the watermelon pickles were so excellent that I would have been happy with a lot more of them!I don't know when I can come back, but I know I will try.Modern setting, mixed-age crowd, good ambiance. This is what I've tried (mostly small plate dishes I split with 2 others):Wood-fired oyster roast: Definitely very good, but not as good as Drago's charbroiled oysters.Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli: Surprisingly good, but would not classify it as "amazing" as some have said.Fried boudin: Comes out as 3 balls. Good, but not spectacular.Chicken and andouille gumbo: Very good, some of the best i've had (i haven't tried that many)Arugula salad with crispy pig ears, etc: AverageSmothered greens: Some of the better greens i've hadTwice baked stuffed potato: Probably the best baked stuffed potato ever.Double chocolate pudding: Taste like any other chocolate pudding.Fried apple fritters: Very very good. Like a beignet/zeppole filled with apple from a apple pie...mmmmWould try again. Only thing i would order again is the apple fritters and twice baked stuffed potato and possibly the gumbo. Next time, i'm going to try the other dishes...Out of this world good. The food here is really well cooked and very different, I mean they offer squirrel! I settled for the cochon, after all it is the name sake, and my traveling bud got pork cheeks. To this day we both still salivate over the memory of this food! The only thing is you need a reservation. We were lucky and found a spot at the bar but I would recommend a reservation. Also if you are coming here be prepared to fill yourself to bursting, and be a bit adventurous, trust me it is worth it.Love, love, love this restaurant.  I've been for dinner once before, returned for another dinner a few months later (but unfortunately due to the tempting syrupy goodness of Pat O's I was unable to eat.)  I was very happy to return for lunch a couple weeks ago.  My wife and I sampled a bunch of small plates for lunch and there wasn't a stinker in the bunch.  The fried boudin is an absolute favorite for me.  We also tried the gumbo which was really good.  We also had fried rabbit livers over toast with pepper jelly; another favorite.  We had an order of the ribs which were out of this world and a really good portion for the price.  A new side they had just added to the menu was one of the best things I've ever eaten - crawfish & fried green tomato casserole....seriously rich and decadent....good Lord....Lunch wasn't busy at all and we didn't need a reservation, but I recommend one for dinner.We were here for NYE and so we don't know how the NYE menu compares with the usual menu.  All of the food was fantastic, as were the cocktails.  Our favorite dish was the quail first course.  Our least favorite dish was the roasted corn grits.  By the time we got our entrees (pork chop with homemade egg noodles for me and goat with cauliflower puree for him) we were already stuffed.  Fortunately, our hotel had a mini fridge so we could save our desserts for later.  Being NYE, this was one of those nights where the bill came with "auto gratuity."  And it showed in the service.  On more than one occasion our drinks stood empty and our server could not give us any recommendations or really expound upon the menu at all.  Another server brought us a couple of our courses and she seemed more on top of things, but oh well.  As far as atmosphere, it's a pretty cool place.  It has a great energy and simple, easy going decor.  We'd definitely go back to try the regular menu next time we visit.I was walking around the RIverwalk area and decided that I wanted to do a native Cajun/Creole meal and found this on Yelp. I was really looking for a southern place restaurant with fried green tomatoes and some rich comfort food. Cochon was not it but was I glad that i went there.I walked over from the Riverwalk and the neighborhood seemed a little sketchy which again lead me to believe that Cochon was going to be a hole in the wall. This place was 180 degrees different from what I had pictured in my mind. It is very modern and reminded me of a restaurant in NYC for SF. Very chic and modern. Good looking wait staff dressed in black.  Apparently they have a butcher shop as well and there was a boucherie section on the menu and they had some unique items on there. The food was sophisticated. Unique, great presentation and delicious. I had the fried cauliflower which came with a great dipping sauce. I had the beef special which was good. It came with potatoes and an egg on top. Only complaint is the serving size, I need 3 of those to call it a meal. For dessert, I had the hummingbird cake which was a bit of a letdown. The cake was a little dry but the cream was good. BTW, Mark Ruffalo, the actor sat at the next table. Seemed like a nice guy and had a healthy appetite.This place is my version of Cajun heaven. Tucked in the cool warehouse district, far far from the madness of Bourbon and the Quarter and filled with chic locals. Unique drink combos with high end liquors were the first things to catch my eye. You can't go wrong with Hendrick's Gin and names like "The Swinekiller."The food? Very deserving of its James Beard, to say the least. Hog jowls with liver cheese and fig preserves, wood fired oysters, gourmet mac and cheese, chocolate pecan tart with bourbon chocolate ice cream and caramel. Order anything. You will love it. The servers are beyond educated and informed. Slightly pretentious to some, but when you know your shit....Very reasonably priced for the happiness you get in return. This should be at the top of your list for your next visit to NOLA.Cochon gave me one of the best lunch experiences of my live, possibly the best overall food experience period.Me and a couple of co-workers visited Cochon for lunch. It was easy to find, and the decor was fitting for the type of restaurant and location. It was very stylish and comfortable.The food was simply amazing. We started off with grilled oysters and alligator. The oysters were great, and the alligator was very clean tasting. We tasted gator at another place and it was overly spiced and cut very small. I wouldn't have been surprised if it was catfish. But at Cochon the gator had a sauce that didn't over-power the natural flavor, and were in some nice chunks.After the appetizers we had the smoked ribs, braised pork cheeks and deli meat sampler. All were amazing. My coworker was eating the ribs with a spoon. Yes a spoon, that's how tender they were. Also, she never finished an entire plate of food the entire time during the NOLA visit, yet she was picking at the bones trying to find more meat. They were also served with a pickled watermelon relish, which the waiter was so kindly enough to bless me with a serving even though it didn't come with my meal. It was awesome.I didn't have the cheeks, but the guy who ate them couldn't stop talking about it. My Boucherie plate had a (unfortunately) very small serving of pate with was fantastic, the other items which included some cured tenderloin and country ham amongst others was great also. For desert we shared a strawberry tres leche jelly roll. The best way to describe it is simply the best desert I've ever had at a restaurant. There is literally nothing bad I can say about this restaurant. For all of the crap restaurants around NOLA, there was no reason for this place to not have been packed.Rating: 3.5 starsThis was our last meal in New Orleans, and my hubby wanted to try alligator. Thus, we ended up at Cochon. I made a lunch reservation through Opentable. When we arrived around noon, there were only a couple tables filled. The location of the restaurant was a couple blocks from the convention center. The décor of the restaurant with the wooden chairs was neat.The food was good, but didn't have the "wow" factor as other restaurants that we've eaten at. I expected more due to the hype and the James Beard award. I did admire the creative dishes on the menu. We received complimentary homemade dinner rolls which were extremely cute due to the small size.Fried alligator with garlic chili aioli appetizer ($10) - The alligator had the texture of clams since it was slightly rubbery. The sauce was delicious.Crawfish pie appetizer ($11) - It was like an empanada but had an etouffe flavor with the crawfish. Yum! Really good flavors, but I thought it was expensive for $11.Oven- roasted Gulf fish ($26) - The main entrée of the fillet of fish that was a decent size, but a tad salty. The oven roasting made the fish extremely moist. Since I didn't order any side dishes, the plate had sautéed onions. Louisina Cochon (pork shoulder molded to a patty) with turnips, cabbage, and cracklings ($23) - My hubby said that this dish had a lot of pork, and the cochon was pretty good.  Our wallet cried since we did a damage of $83 for lunch. The service could have been a lot better since the restaurant wasn't busy.This is a tough review for me, because I thought the food at Cochon was fantastic. Delicious. Inventive. Beautifully presented. And I thought the staff had lousy attitudes and half-assed the service. My party of three came in for a late lunch to a packed house, and waited about 15 minutes to be seated. (Which was 15 minutes less than we'd been quoted, which was great.) The front door staff was less than cordial. Our server, when she arrived, was brief in her unsmiling introduction. Long, languid intervals between every visit to our table ensued, and her facial expression never improved. But if I put aside the "you're totally a pain in my ass" attitude from the server, I can gush about the food at Cochon. I had a chicken thigh that was melt in your mouth tender, and creamy, delectable macaroni and cheese. My cohorts had the Louisiana Cochon - a juicy, tender pile of pulled pork - the lima beans - fantastically prepared in a baked beans style and out of this world tasty - the fried boudin balls - crisp, delicious and not a crumb left uneaten. The menu seems a bit sparse - and it's the same menu for lunch and dinner. The salad choices aren't really salads, per se, and I'm not sure that there's a healthy veggie in the bunch, so it's not a choice for the diet conscious. And the menu is pretty short on description (which led to lots of questions to the put-out server.) But if you are looking for delicious meat? You've found the place. I'd probably go back for the food alone, but it sure seems that the staff could use a little work on their friendly levels.I love the atmosphere here! You can sit at the chefs bar which is pretty neat, but if you sit in front of the oven it can get pretty hot too!They give you Hawaiian bread to start off with, but here's what we ordered:- Fried alligator with garlic aoili.  It was quite chewy and had some kick to it.  It was good, just a little gnawy (we had it elsewhere and it wasn't as gnawy - maybe it's a different part of the alligator we had?).- Oyster and bacon sandwich. Kind of hard/messy to eat. Unfortunately my husband had stomach problems the rest of he day.. which is weird because he loves oysters.  - Grilled chicken breast. Served with peas and mushrooms. Sad to say I really only liked the mushrooms.. my chicken was dry!Oh Cochon, i wanted to love you, but paying $24 for dry chicken was simply not what I had imagined.  I actually liked Cochon Butcher better than the actual restaurant!So, before the dinner I did some yelping and checked out the menu. I was set on the Duck entree and pretty excited. Then, on the day of, I come to find they had just taken it off the menu the day before. BUMMER. Let this be a testament to always have a Plan B, haha.Atmosphere: It's a neat restaurant with wood seating and wood tables. It's a medium sized restaurant. Make reservations.Food: Ordered the fried alligator for starters. The texture is chewy, but overall it really does taste like popcorn chicken, and the aioli sauce is tangy and spicy, which makes the dish flavorful. I ended up ordering the beef brisket and overall, I thought it was just okay. At times it was too salty, but at least the meat was tender. The horseradish potato salad was good but I could not finish it because it was too heavy. My dad enjoyed his beef cheeks and cold meat dish, and my mom ordered the chicken and thought it was rather bland.For dessert we ordered the pecan tart with burbon ice cream and the pineapple upside down cake. The tart was delicious and the ice cream added a nice bitter touch. The pineapple cake wasn't as memorable.Service: We started dinner at 6pm before the crowd got in, and service at the start was rather nice and attentive. But as the night went on, we saw less and less of our waitress, and someone else ended up taking out dessert order and giving us the check. No bueno, I'd say.I expected more, I guess.I loved loved loved loved Cochon's, from the first moment in the door the meal and service was excellent.  We went early on a Saturday and were seated immediately. Waiter gave great recommendations on drinks and food.I had the rabbit and dumplings. The rabbit was tender and the dumplings were light and airy. The broth was seasoned just right and full of veggies. I couldn't ask for anything more outside of a bigger skillet!..lolMy GF had the louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins. Okay they could have just served me the cracklins and I would have been a happy camper adding the pork, which was sort of like a pulled pork from heaven, cabbage and turnips just made it all that much better.Our friend had two small plates which he devoured. All in all a great meal. Can't wait to come back!This place is all about pigs! Or at least, I thought it was supposed to be. But really it's all about meat. We had the oyster roast, fried alligator, catfish courtboullion, louisiana cochon, and a couple of other things that I can't remember now. All were decent but the only thing I think I absolutely loved were the oysters. The different selection of meats is definitely something to try so if nothing else, come here and bring several people so that you can try and share as many dishes as possible.Cochon itself is very cute, we came here for lunch and the restaurant was a bit dim but the atmosphere was very relaxed. Service was good so all in all, I have nothing to really complain about (cept maybe that it's a bit overhyped!)This place was off the chart good. I'd like to think I hold myself to pretty high standard on tastes in food. Even so, I was so impressed by Cochon. The foods were not overly pricey yet still fresh and creative. We ordered the fried alligator, bouchon, and the chargrilled oysters, omg every dish was delivered with perfection. I really can't find an accurate word to describe my impression on Cochon. There were a few other things the rest of my friends ordered, and everything's tried was just simply amazing. I just want to thank yelp for helping me find this restaurant. Definitely coming back again next time im in nola!The original review I posted was actually for Cochon-BUTCHER, I haven't been to COCHON, I've been to Cochon-BUTCHER, which are right next door to each other..I'm always leery of bad reviews of restaurants that have won so many awards and such a loyal following, but, unfortunately, this is what this is going to be. I was profoundly disappointed. I was traveling with another friend that appreciates good food like I do and neither one of us was blown away. It was actually pretty middle of the road. It may have just been a bad night.Love this place. The food is excellent, as is the service. On my last visit, I was alone and they sat me at the counter near the kitchen where I could watch them cook the food. One of the cooks chatted me up a bit, which was quite enjoyable (and surprising, considering how hard the kitchen staff seemed to be working). The food and the cocktails were delicious--cracklins, greens, gumbo and pork belly, and a well-crafted sazerac. I was ready to pass out after such a great meal, but still managed to go to their shop next door to pick up the most metal shirt ever produced by a restaurant, with "pig slayer" emblazoned across the chest.I traveled to New Orleans with my partner for a few days and was recommended this place by not one but two friends.  We settled for a 9pm reservation on a Monday (the only one we could get on our stay).  It's slightly out of the way but totally worth it.  We arrived early and had drinks by the bar, they had an impressive bourbon list.  We were seated promptly for our reservation time.  Everything we ate was absolutely delicious.  The pork cheeks and crab appetizers especially.  Overall, a wonderful experience.I'm very particular about the animals I eat so this was hard for me to order. It was brunch so menu was small and full of rabbit and other strange items.  I got the boucherie plate and it was good, but for $14 there was not enough food for a bird???! My hard cider was served warm and the outside seating had no shade!??? In NOLA I would think umbrellas are a must.  Waitress took a while to warm up and become friendly.  Just not my cup of tea?excellent.Food and service were fantastic.I was seated at the counter overlooking the kitchen - downside is that you get the heat blast from that huge woodburning oven, upside is the chance to watch the staff doing their thing. I'd take that seat again any day. The pork cheek with spring onions was a  lovely starter, but if I go back I'll order the crawfish pie - I saw an order go by and craved it immediately. pork with turnips and cabbage as a main course was very fine. All in all, an excellent experience.Sat at the bar and had good conversation with our bartender, to go along with some great food. Tried a couple of different moonshines, then ate the fried boudin and mac & cheese. Also ended up sampling a little of the cracklin's (DELICIOUS).We also went to the butcher next door to pick up some snacks to bring home.  I grabbed some Abita Stone Ground Mustard and some Bacon Pralines...those pralines, I still dream about them!Everything was top notch, we'll definitely be back next time we're in NOLA.The idea that a restaurant could be so popular when the waitstaff is so rude amazes me. It's like the Cajun version of soup nazi. The food is good. Although we expected the parking to be a problem, it was not.  The staff was at best, unprepared and unprofessional.It would shock everyone (by 'everyone' I mean the people who read my yelp reviews, so I guess I mean my mom) if I gave less than 5 stars to a restaurant that stars my favorite thing in the world, PORK.  But Cochon is delicious and fully merits five stars.  Our server was friendly and helped guide us through our agonizing indecision over all the things on the menu that were calling our names.  (extra appeal: we saw him twice later in the week around the marigny.)  The cochon itself was super yummy - if you love a pig like I do, you should get it.  But possibly even better - the roasted shrimp appetizer was unbelievable.  The ham, the little bit of spice, the sweetness of the cornbread cake - holy shit.  Also: sweet tea vodka, a rarity from south carolina.  Order it. Drink it. Order another.Cochon--I couldn't pronounce it let alone know what it was. Sure glad I found out. Amusingly, cochon appears to have a negative connotation in French (dictionary.reverso.net/f…), but I can tell you it is all positive in New Orleans!We randomly happened upon this fantastic restaurant. How we got in without a reservation is unclear to me--lucky, I guess. Cute atmosphere that is rustic and elegant all at the same time. Small bar up front and a chef's table in the back that overlooks the open kitchen. Service was fantastic (there were a few folks tending to our table), yet casual and unintrusive. We started with the joy juice, which was a dangerously delicious moonshine-containing cocktail. I also sampled another orangey-bourbon cocktail that was quite tasty. They have an interesting bourbon list here, including flights, that I would definitely go for if I returned.For food, I started with the crab-artichoke app. I LOVE blue crab, and this mix with tasty artichoke served in the top of a cleaned-out crab shell was fantastic! One of my companions got the alligator app, which I sampled--more breading/hot sauce than gator, but quite tasty all the same. For an entree I got the namesake cochon--deliciously spiced pulled-pork shaped into a patty and deep-fried; simply wonderful. Sides were tasty as well, with turnips, cabbage, and, of course, cracklins! Others got the ham hock and the brisket, both of which looked fantastic, and all were pleased with the offerings. I was very tempted by the oyster and bacon sandwich and it is definitely on my list for a return visit.Unfortunately, I was too full for dessert, because if the rest of the meal was any indication, I am sure it would have been fantastic. Definitely a place to check out if you are in NO, and I would recommend this over the potentially more famous restaurant just down the street.My awesome boyfriend took me to Cochon my first night at NOLA AFTER getting me a sandwich from Cochon Butcher. I think his Cochon obsession alone speaks for itself. *Paul R. is my boyfriend and you can read more about his passion/love for Cochon there*I had an amazing time here - the service was great, the restaurant was busy but not crowded, there were strong and yummy drinks (lots of whiskey/scotch) and a fabulous company to share the experience with.Here is a list of what we ordered that evening:- wood-fired oyster roast - fried alligator with chili garlic aioli - fried boudin with pickled peppers - smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle - braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, apple sauce & goat feta- mirliton, celery & grapefruit saladWe also ordered a special which had spinach, peas, and pork belly. It was nothing short of phenomenal. The oyster roast, for one, was absolutely delicious. I am a big fan of oysters and constantly on the lookout for oyster bars and such and I must say Cochon did a great job: the sauce complimented the fresh, succulent seafood and every single oyster was of a decent size! (Really hate it when you get a teeny quarter size dollop of a meat :P)Coming from Florida, I am not unfamiliar with gator dishes. I have had some pretty blah/icky ones where the meat just tastes like..chewy-er chicken seasoned with a hint of dirt. Thankfully it wasn't the case with Cochon! They did a really good job breading the gator meat and wow! the chili garlic aoli sauce! I love the perfect amount they tossed the fried gator in. I enjoyed it :)However! I had my FIRST boudin here and I must say it was really spectacular. It reminded me of Chinese meatballs but instead of in a stew it's fried/seared. Super yummy.Of course, we got the mirliton, celery & grapefruit salad because all that meat needed to be balanced out. It was light and fresh and everything I wanted it to be. Oh, mirliton is basically a squash-like vegetable.Needless to say, it's not a meal unless there's dessert involved! :D Pineapple Upside-Down Cake was the one we decided to get and ohhh my God...Amazing.So good.Especially that coconut-lime sorbet. It really, really adds to the tropical feel! 8)Seriously though, it's the best Pineapple Upside-Down Cake I've ever had to date. Try it!As popular as Cochon is, I definitely think this place deserves yet more attention. Check it out if you're in the area! Their Southern cuisine will not disappoint!This place is absolutely awesome. Relaxed atmosphere, great cocktails, excellent service and delicious food. We started off with fried alligator with chili garlic aoli, I don't have much experience eating gator but the chili garlic aoli really added to the dish, we also shared the fried Boudin balls with pickled peppers, absolutely delicious. Perfectly cooked. For the main course we had the Louisiana Cochon which was honestly one of the most delicious dishes I have ever had.We ate here for dinner. The boudin balls were amazing. The gulf fish was nice too. We had a slight issue with our boudin balls, but the waitress and manager handled it right. The banana cream pie was good but I probably wouldn't order it again. All in all I'd go again. They had more things on the menu that I still want to try.Oink.Cool it, chancho...  Alright Cochon has built it's reputation on all things swine, but I ordered redfish when I went.  I looooove bacon, but when we get into swine products with names I am unfamiliar with, that means I'm in head cheese or hog maw territory; areas I veer far away from.Cochon was industrial chic and not what I quite expected but a pleasant surprise nonetheless.  I've also eaten at Herbsaint (same owners, I reckon) and can say that they do not disappoint!This was... as I'm sure you've heard a great meal.  That being said it's one of ky least favorites of the higher end restaurants in the city.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the meal, but seeing as my home town is in south eastern wv a lot of he flavors were't that inspirational or surprising to me.  I felt like I was eating a Sunday meal with the neighbors.... an overpriced Sunday meal.And the specialty drinks were ok... but I would say nothing was bright, sparkling, or delightful to my palette.The decor bothered me a little as well, but that's likely the designer/ presevationist in me screaming about longevity and how quickly it was all going to be dated.It gets the 4 just because it's so much better than the other 3's on my list... but over all I was underwhelmed and I am sad to say that given my love of herbsaint.  (Insert sadface here)5 stars for the wood-fired oyster roast ($11). it was not only the best item we had at dinner, but the best thing I had in Nola in general. these charred oysters (3 per order), which seems to be the best way to eat these Gulf oysters (def didn't enjoy it raw), are served with the seasoning usually used for the crawfish.  yuum.only drawback? small portions. so don't come super hungry or you'll leave the same.David C. and I went to NOLA for a few days during Spring Break..twas mucho fun! We pretty much walked everywhere and when we finally arrived at Cochon, I was excited to be seated. Hostess was nice.. I like the decor inside! Reservations probably aren't necessary for lunch - there were only a few occupied tables on a Thursday afternoon. I got the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad - I'm not a big pork/pig fan - this dish was good though. Beef brisket was pretty moist/melts in your mouth good and at first I thought there wasn't going to be enough food for me..it was plenty though! My bf got the ham hock with sweet potatoes, pickled greens & black eyed pea ham broth - I don't like ham, sweet potatoes, or black eyed peas - so clearly not a dish for me! The best part of our meal was the eggplant and shrimp dressing. Currently craving it - I'd go here just to eat this.. will go back, just for this dish!We ate here on a Friday for dinner and maybe it was an off night but it sadly did not live up to all the hype.  Between 2 of us, we shared 4 apps and 1 entree and they were hit or miss.  Here's the lowdown:Pig ears - 3 stars - fried ear slivers.  Tasted ok but the batter was so overwhelming that it was impossible to tell what kind of meat you were eating.  Rabbit livers - 3.5 - fried meaty chunks.  Boudin - 4.5 - fried balls of a mix of rice, sausage and pate-like goodness served with whole grain mustard and pickled peppersPig cheeks - 4 - tasty but not as melt-in-your-mouth as other reviewers said.  the couple seated next to us said the same thing.  Lousiana cochon (entree) - 2 - spiced pulled pork fashioned into a patty and fried, served on top of sauteed cabbage.  the pork was way too salty so we could only down half it...while chugging lots of water.  If you're in the area it might be worth checking out but if you're staying in the French Quarter there are a lot of better restaurants.This is a great New Orleans restaurant where you will find lots of locals. The atmosphere is warm, rustic and hip ( a bit loud)  and if you are a meat lover you will dig this place. We started with the wood-fired oysters,frog legs, and the mushroom beef jerky salad.. all really tasty.  For dinner we had Brisket with Horseradish potatoes, Brochan pork, Catfish, and Pork Cheeks, all were really tasty with the stand-out being the pork cheeks. The mac & cheese is also a must side. Service was very good.  Definitely worth the trip if you are in the downtown area.Great atmosphere, interior and service. Very diverse menu and the food was amazing. Enough said really. Make sure you get the fried gator!When you live in the food snob capital of the USA, you have serious expectations when you dine out. My visit to Cochon in rebounding New Orleans, left me full, fat and happy! I hope it lasts forever so I can go back one day to be dined and delighted with pig parts and authentic  southern cooking. The post-modern lodge style dining room amuses with porcine decor, sleek, utlilitarian picnic-style tables, benches and stools. A warehouse location and trendy bar crowd sets the scene.Complimentary bread has become so passez over the years, even those pencil thin breadsticks and wafer thin parmesan flatbread are so yawn that it's mighty refreshing when someone plops down a basket of WARM HOMEMADE POTATO ROLLS in front of you. Cochon makes a batch every 20 minutes and they contain real potato puree. The rolls and consideration for jaded-foodie palates gets 5 stars.Cochon does small plates and entrees so you can get your fill of local favorites and house specialties. Standouts from the Boucherie are fried boudin balls with pieces of pulled pork and deep flavor. My small plate of BBQ pork ribs came out cold though the sauce was tangy and sweet enough while I was looking for more smokiness. Fried pigs ears and rabbit livers I see more of a novelty for people like my dinner companion for whom having something fried and/or weird is a must for every fine dining experience. There's plenty of love for the local cuisine: My hen and adouille gumbo had a flavourful (and memorable) dark roux. Roasted Gulf redfish (a specialty of the chef) was picture perfect and it's flesh is melt in your mouth. A side of pecan-broccoli dressing was (surprise!) gratineed and rich. And, the eponymous Louisiana cochon was salty, moist and flavorful-"very enjoyable" said my wide-eyed companion.Of course, the fruit cobbler was a must, but sadly the only real disappointment of the night. The local strawberries were warm with a natural non-cloying sweetness but clashed with the somewhat doughy biscuits baked with a distracting (in a bad way) hint of ginger. My one suggestion for the dessert menu is to make a traditional lattice cobbler topping or biscuits without ginger. I loved everything else, this just made for an odd finish.Cochon was the culinary risk of my most recent trip to New Orleans. I had turned down Brigsten's and boycotted Besh. And, I was NOT disappointed. Chef Donald Link forced his way back into a broken city to get Cochon up and running. You can taste that passion in every cajun-style bite.We celebrated a friend's 40th at Cochon a few nights ago, as he'd been dying to try it.  He lives in Cali but was born in New Orleans, so he is into the real deal.  First of all, our party of eight was treated extremely well. The service was fast and attentive, without being overbearing (e.g., our water glasses were filled throughout the night before we even noticed). The restaurant is clean and comfy looking, as opposed to being overly austere and cold.  We didn't have any kids with us (except maybe for the bday boy's 60-something year old dad who can be quite immature at times), but kids would be quite comfy there.  All the dishes were enjoyable. We started with the following (pasted straight from the web site's online menu): wood-fired oyster roast $11 fried alligator with chili garlic aioli $10 spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle $9 Both the oysters and the alligator were accompanied by delectable and tasty sauces that didn't take away from the flavor of the main theme. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender and loved by everyone but me (I just don't dig sweet BBQ sauces that much). Henceforth, we had a salad that was fresh and tasty with pecans and mandarin oranges. For our main dishes, we had the following: catfish courtbouillon $19 louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins $22 smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad $18 All three were excellent, with most people's favorite surprisingly being the brisket. It was tender and tasty! Of course the restaurant's namesake dish, cochon, was delicious as well (and came with the crispy pork rinds, yum!) but the brisket really kicked ass. And, finally, for dessert we had: apple pie with vanilla ice cream g¢teau de chocolat with honey creole cream cheese mousse & pears In closing, everything is better with pork, and Cochon takes that to heart.Yum!  This is refined comfort food.  The flavors of the dishes were robust yet balanced.  My favorites were the fried rabbit livers, fried boudin, and pork cheeks. fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast  - delicious, the slightly sweet and tart pepper jelly paired well with the crunchy livers.  fried boudin with pickled peppers  - a flavor explosion on the tongue, well balanced flavors without the strong iron taste of some boudin.  Frying the boudin also added a nice crunchy texture contrast to the moist boudin.   pork cheeks with goat cheese arugula & beet rösti - I have to admit I don't often order pork at restaurants because I do a pretty good job of making cardboard tasting meat at home.  This dish, however, reminded me what pork should taste like.  The deep rich flavors of the meat really come through and the texture was prefect, crusted on the outside tender and juicy on the inside. Probably the best overall restaurant we tried in NO on this trip.The food is great! I highly recommend the fried pig ears to start. They are shaped like french fries and come with a mustard dipping sauce. Better yet, start with the pig cheeks. The pig cheeks small plate was the best tasting dish of the entire night.I had the gulf fish "fisherman style" as an entree. Fisherman style means they discard the head and tail, skin one side and leave the other side with the skin and scales on. The result? The moistest fish I have ever tasted. Finished dinner with Catdaddy moonshine - so sweet, so good! My friend got the White Lightning moonshine which was the exact opposite of Catdaddy. It was really potent and had that rubbing alcohol scent that is so familiar with straight up hard liquour.The only complaint was from my brother who said that they don't change the menu at all.I admit that my palate has been spoiled by the bounty of San Francisco's culinary establishments.  If Cochon were here in the Bay, it would just be average.  However, for New Orleans, I can see this being a four star place.The decor was pretty chic, dark with lots of modernmonochromatic wood paneling.    The service was super accomodating - my friend was late coming from surgery (as the doctor not he patient) and they let me sit at the table for an hour without any scathing looks.  I had to order the pigs ears and they were pretty dang good.  How can you go wrong with salty deep fried food?  It wasn't an "exotic" dish by any means.  Remember I'm Chinese and we eat  cow's brains like it is spaghetti.  Since I'd never had alligator, I had to give that a try and my friend was right:  It tastes like chicken.  The most memorable thing was the dessert - pineapple cornmeal upside down cake with coconut lime sorbet.  The cake was moist and it was the perfect way to end the dinner.Cochon needs another good review like Custer needed more Indians, but whether they need it or not I'm going to give it.When I first heard about Cochon it was a couple of years ago. I read about it in a NYT article about the top 10 new restaurants in the country. When I read about how they respect and use pork, I had to go. Both when I first tried Cochon a couple of years ago, and again when I ate there last week I was impressed. I was impressed not just by the inventiveness of the dishes, but the taste, the texture, and surprisingly, how reasonable the prices are.As far as recommendations, I loved the deep fried okra and paneed pork cheeks. I was less impressed by the catfish court bouillon. I also recommend trying their cocktails and rye flight.I also recommend calling well in advance for a reservation on a weekend night. Although, I was able to get an 8:30 seating on a Saturday night when I called on a Thursday, it was Christmas week, apparently a slow time in New Orleans.Came here with 2 others who had been here previously and raved about it. Were able to get a reservation for 4 on a Saturday night that day, but I don't think I'd count on getting a table without a reservation.Really decent beer list and the cocktails looked great. My friend had a sip of his sazerac and it made him retarded. Always a good sign.Split the fried rabbit livers and fried alligator- the former something I never thought I'd eat, the latter I've already had at Hot Doug's in Chicago- and both were excellent. I ordered the beef brisket for dinner which was also great, though a little fatty. I think it was just my cut though, the others didn't seem to have the problem.I'd definitely come back on my next trip to New Orleans.As a bunch of teachers celebrating the Spring Break of their first year of teaching we decided to seek out a fun, innovative, and tasty delicious restaurant. We found that at Cochon. One Star - The drinks were pretty delicious. We were also introduced to a 150 proof vodka shot that was one of the better drinks I have ever had. I hate shots... this made me happy. Two Stars - I had roast oysters as an appetizer. The flavor was amazing... this dish most definitely beat the stuffed artichoke (although not be much). Three Stars -  My entree - the rabbit and dumplings - was incredible. My friends had the red fish done "fisherman style" The dishes take succulent, basic ingredients and turn them into inventive dishes that made us drool into our Sazeracs. Four Stars - Black Bottomed Brown Butter Banana Cream Pie and Double Chocolate Devil's Food Doberge Cake topped off the evening. I usually require large amounts of chocolate in the dessert, but the cream pie more than made up for the lack of chocolate. Minus One Star - Our waiter was very off putting at first. We really enjoyed the moment when he described the soup as "Cream of Something..." and remained this cold until the end of the meal. I think he warmed up to us at the end, but it was still a strange way to start a meal. Great restaurant. The prices generally range in the low-mid 20s in terms of entrees (Yelps 2 forks range from $11-$30... a wide range) and it was packed when we were seated at 9:30pm. Great restaurant.I try to make it to Cochon and the sister butcher shop every time I am in New Orleans. I have eaten at Cochon at least half a dozen times, every time it is absolutely packed, but the food quality never suffers. The creative use of southern ingredients and the perfections with which they are used is quite special - this restaurant is unique to say the least. The staff is always good, no matter how busy, the bartenders are especially knowledgeable and attentive. In my numerous times here I have never left disappointed, even with my high expectations. I recommend making a reservation and coming in early, or there will be a wait.It was a Thursday night and we showed up a bit late, around 9.  They were not taking reservations but we waited at the bar and managed to be seated in about 20 minutes.  The funny thing is that we were seated back by the kitchen, at the little bar where we could watch the food prep and, since we were right next to the wait station, we could see all of the items as they came up.  We seem to sit and eat at the bar over and over again wherever we go.  Not that we try to, it just works out that way.So, this night was unusually awesome.  While our official waitress was not particularly attentive, the fellow who was running food up to patrons sitting at the bar in the front talked to us and generally put on a little showcase of all of the different menu items as they were coming out of the kitchen on their way to the front.  He answered all of our "hey, what's that?" questions.I don't usually go into lots of details on specific food items because my tastes are my tastes, but we hit high point after high point and I enjoy running through the night's menu in my head: the roast oysters were the spiciest (yay) Cajun food I had the entire trip, and the fried alligator was new to me and a real treat.  For entrees we had the red fish which was not over-produced for a blackened fish, and the highlight was the Louisiana cochon with cabbage.  We loved the mac and cheese too (though we did not need more food at that point), and our unofficial waiter brought us a small place of head cheese with mustard and pickles as guests of the kitchen.  This is definitely a place we will always return to, a fantastic night.  $120 for dinner or two, two drinks each.Off the beaten path in New Orleans. Where the locals go. Amazing cocktails and adventurous, meat-inspired small plates! I ordered the Tina Louise and it was one of the best cocktails I've ever had. Although, keep in mind that I usually drink beer. :) Okay food. We got the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, the boucherie plate (Chef's choice random meats), pork & black eyed pea gumbo and the mirliton, celery & grapefruit salad. The salad was SO good. Tasted so fresh. Grapefruit is wonderful in a salad!The meat plate included head cheese, which I wasn't sure if I would like or not. It was OK. I probably wouldn't order it again. But the rest of the meats were amazing, especially the fancy bologna. :) Alligator and gumbo were both delicious, too!It was expensive, but totally worth it. :DYup. This place is delicious AND, most importantly, a local we chatted with in there thinks so, too.Service. 5 and they allow their wait staff to have personality. Atmosphere. 4 good local sounding music piped on the sound system. Modern and warm design, but it would be nothing without that brick wall. I love being able to see the kitchen staff in action and try to guess what is in those giant jars on the bar in the back.Food. 5 oh baby, hog jowls with liver cheese and fig preserves, wood oven oysters, rabbit and dumplings, chocolate pecan tart with bourbon chocolate ice cream and caramel. Super tasty. Beer selection. Local stuff on tap and more tasty options in bottles. We liked it so much we almost went to Herbsaint the same night.I consider this meal the best one during our visit at New Orleans! Go there if you have no problem eating any part of pig. =)Lucky us for being able to get a lunch reservation. We were seating at the back of the place by the large photo of owner's family from many years ago. The decor inside the restaurant is very bright and inviting.  To start off, we were served with warm bread with butter. The bread was so fluffy and delicious! It took some self-control to put them down and leave room for main dishes. We got a few items to share between 6 of us: fried alligator, mushroom salad, beets salad, braised pork cheeks, pork tongue sandwich, rabbit and dumplings, louisiana cochon, and brucherie plate. My favorite has to be the fried alligator and pork tongue sandwich which has the perfect texture between the tender tongue and crispy onion. There are so many other items on the menu that I wish I could try! You always have to leave something to go back to, right? =)I had seen some great reviews on YELP in planning a trip from Tucson and made reservations about 3 weeks in advance for dinner. When we got the restaurant it was fairly empty and filled up within an hour. I do not like being seated on a long bench with my husband across from me. I hate this style of seating. There was a couple eating 2 feet on either side of us. As soon as I saw where they were seating us, I was completely disheartened. If i'm expected to spend $$$ for a meal, I want a table and chairs or a booth not a half booth. I actually stopped to ask to be seated elsewhere but suddenly I was under a spell or momentum of the hostess indicating I needed to slide in between to tables, that I  said nothing. Since it's a team, it's hard to know who was doing what. Our dark haired waitress gave us menus, then returned "do you know what you want?"  When the couples on either side of us left and a new pair was seated on either side of us, their server told them the great specials, we didn't get told about. Immediately I wanted to change my order, but no employee came our way until our food was served and let me tell you that even through that was likely only 5-10 minutes, it seemed like a cavern of time. A team service person brought out our food, followed with a new person came ask how our food was after it was mostly gone and in looking at the open restaurant I was noticing our waitress was not in the room. The busser was great at clearing away our plates and filling our water and folding my husbands' napkin when he went to the restroom.  Our waitress came back after I had soured, and no mater how wonderful the food was my husband got it in his mind this place was too hipster for him, the terrible waitress and hipster music caused him to announce he didn't care about his meal and was ready to leave. So in a week in New Orleans for Halloween, my only memory of my meal was a great craft cocktail, the apple bobber. The other $75 in food is a blur of disappointment for what should been a top dining experience for the week.Great menu and good service. Long waits, but worth it!Very good. The atmosphere was nice - a little noisy. The staff was a little terse but the food was very good.A fun night out with amazing food: fried alligator doused in aoli, rabbit and dumplings in a pot-pie like sauce, succulent pork with pickled peaches and a cracklin on top, crunchy oyster and bacon sandwich on white bread, crispy boudin with pickled banana peppers, the tastiest roasted oysters EVER (better than Drago's), and a malted chocolate cake to finish.Unfortunately, I can't give more than 3 stars because, although we had reservations for 8, we weren't seated until 8:35.  A second round of drinks ordered in the middle of dinner came after dinner plates had been cleared away.  Coffee ordered with dessert never showed so we cancelled it.  So, go for the food...not the service.I am very excited to go back to Cochon, if only to have another little glass of Catdaddy moonshine. Yum! The oyster roast is superb, as is the pig's ear (trust me on this one.) The alligator is pretty good, though I think it would be better if the bites of alligator meat were a bit smaller. I'd also LOVE to be able to order a plate of the house-made bacon in it's own. Amazing, amazing, face-melting stuff! The ribs with watermelon relish were superb-- perfectly sweet, salty and spicy. I am stupid excited to go back!Excellent food in the Warehouse district close to all the major hotels.  The food quality and srvice are excellent.I ordered the soup of day - cream of brocoli - excellent and perfectly seasoned - much of the food I had in NOLA was very salty - not hereFor the main course I order the Catfish which was excellent.  Perefectly seasoned and great.I also ordered the crawfish casserole which was very rich and creamy.  Excellent.To drink - the homemade lemonade was excellent.  I also had the abita draft root beer which was ok.  Next time, I will go back in a large group to try more of the dishes.  The only thing that was lacking was vegatraian options.  But this is New Orleans and not San Francisco.Also the space was wonderful.  Very modern with lots of natural light - I was there for lunch.On a sweltering June day in the NO, my party of two dined on the following:- roasted oysters with garlic sauce -- perfection; I usually prefer raw oysters but I would return to New Orleans just for these oysters!- fried alligator cheeks - good but didn't stand out- pork belly - tender and tasty special of the day- fried green tomato and crawfish - side dish we could have passed on- BBQ pork ribs - too much sauce; wasn't impressed with the flavorPluses:Great little space - rustic/modern (yes, it was an odd mix but it worked); open space; trendy (make a reservation!)Minuses:The service was spotty (he forgot to tell us the specials, and we only were able to order the pork belly upon hearing the server at the table next to us tell other patrons what the specials were).To sum up:I really would return to New Orleans for those oysters.  And I don't live anywhere close to here!I love the concept of Cochon but wasn't overwhelmed by the food.   We had the mac-n-cheese and green tomato casserole as starters.  Good.  I had the paneed pork cheeks with goat cheese arugula & beet rösti  - decent but wouldn't order again.  Others had the ribs which were also good.  Overall a solid meal but nothing special.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things.  Several locals we met during our trip all said Cochon was their favorite new place - good quality and value.If you're at the convention center for a conference and don't want to eat those flavorless boxed lunches they give out (seriously, who eats those while in New Orleans), go to Cochon which is only a couple blocks away.When i order brisket, i prefer it served on a plate instead of in a small tapas bowl.I have tried this place twice now and just can NOT jump on board. In no way am i saying the menu isnt extremely innovative or the execution isnt impressive, but the menu (just as the cochon butcer) is very limited...and by limited in this case, i mean fried/heavy. I should note that my friend got a nice piece of fish that in no way was heavy, but she was having difficulty deciding what to order because of all the weird twists to each particular dish.I also dont dig the price:portion ratio. I paid $25 for a 4 slices of brisket and one scoop of horseradish  potato salad. The brisket was a B-  and the horseradish potato salad about the same. The joint could give you double the portion and the same quality for $10. Basically, i think you are paying for the swanky seats and the innovative menu.I will say that the "drenched butter rolls" were delicious.This place just isn't for me, but i respect it.Love, love, love it!  The charcuterie plate is amazing, as were the fresh cracklins with Steen's cane syrup to dip them in. The bartender is on his/her job, too.  (We had our first taste of Firefly Sweet Tea vodka here about a year ago..mmmm!) Great selection.Everytime we go, we end up around the corner at the Cochon Butcher for something to take home.  All of house made charcuterie items are for sale at the Butcher location.  Never disappointed!  It is a must try if you are in the New Orleans area.I was visiting New Orleans for the first time on business and staying in the French Quarter. Though there were tons of places to eat, the French Quarter was full of tourists and I wanted to try a local restaurant. So, I went to Yelp as usual for some ideas and tips. Chochon came up as a restaurant with great reviews. I ended up walking there, took only 15-20 minutes, and got to see some less touristy spots of New Orleans but with cool local bars and restaurants. The food was amazing. We ordered okra and alligator to start, then my colleague had the rabbit and dumpling dish while I had a yummy catfish entree. The place was packed and we didn't call ahead for reservations, definitely need to do on Fridays and weekends. We were lucky and got a couple of seats at the bar and that was good too. The bar was exposed to the restaurant but you still had a nice intimate setting. Would recommend to anyone who wants to get away from all the tourists and see where the locals hang out. Just make sure to make reservations for the weekend.Yeah this place is pretty awesome. Props to the chef - Cochon does pig extraordinarily well.The ribs were out of this world, finished with a 'watermelon relish'. Small plates were all fantastically prepared and presented, including the fried rabbit livers (that was a first - incredible), and the 'paneed pork cheeks'. Their signature dish, Louisianna Cochon was a masterpiece of swine and goodness.I left satisfied and licking my lips walking out the door!A must try.This place is in my top 5. I love it. Its a bit far away from the main gaslamp quarter area, so that is a bit unfortunate, however, that makes getting to it a bit easier via taxi. The food is just plain good, although I do prefer the appetizers to the entrees. So, what do I do? I order 3 appetizers as my dinner and top it off with dessert! The staff is great. Although I don't drink really, I had a sip of some of the drinks of others and they were good. I went here on the recommendation of a foodie, and it was totally worth it!I'm pretty sure I will be haunted for the rest of my life by the deep fried headcheese. My taste buds and gullet were stopped dead in their tracks by the exterior crispiness of a veritable gold ingot of gooey interiored meat parts cooked in fat and breaded. The light sauce and beans ontop were icing, the whole construction a marvel of gastronomic engineering. I will not soon forget that piece of alchemy, oh no.I don't think there's a bad thing at Cochon and I've heard the sandwiches  at the butcher shop are unreal but we spent our afternoon in the restaurant. The ham hock was screaming good, I think it was even better than the louisiana cochon which is pork shoulder cooked slow then turned into a small patty, and fried so it slightly resembles a good carnitas, crispy ends on slow stewed meat, but completely different color taste etc. The aligator bits were deep fried in a batter I want to bathe in and then deep fry myself so I can gname on my fingers. The oysters, oh the oysters, they were not an overwhelming small plate of garlic but rather a fabulous blend of garlic to sauce to bivalve. The grits with the yard eggs and mushrooms were an artful take on a staple of southern cooking. The one place where the restaurant needs serious help is the bar. The drinks are uninteresting, poorly constructed, here's a tip, try a measuring cup or spoon. Either there's too much alcohol or too much sugar, or sometimes both! After having a drink on the menu we stuck to the beer. If they got the bar in shape and brought in some real mixology I think this joint would be a force to be reckoned with. As it is, you can't go wrong with the boucharie plate of house cured meats, and on the strength of butchery and work with the flesh I can't justify dinging them for the bar, it's just that damn good.I overate. But it was worth every bit of discomfort I felt.If Emeril's was the best meal I had, Cochon was a very close second. These guys put out some very tasty food. Between my wife and I, we managed to eat at all three of the Link/Stryjewski restaurants and never left disappointed. So what did I stuff myself with? The Cajon gumbo, for starters. It was a rainy day and this was just what I needed. It was rich in flavor, studded with sausage and chicken. Man, was it good. Not wanting to commit to just one entree, I cobbled a meal together by ordering two apps: the fried boudin and the meat pie. The boudin was delicious. The loose sausage was rolled with rice into balls, then battered and fried to a crisp. The empanada-like meat pie was also a great choice. Flaky on the outside and wonderfully unctuous on the inside, it was a filling -- and pleasing -- dish. Much like the gumbo, both of these were perfect for a stormy Tuesday. Nova, conversely, probably had too little to eat. She ordered the smoked brisket with potato salad. While it was incredibly flavorful, the portion size was also a little modest. So maybe my approach wasn't so bad after all. That said, you might want want to order an app with any entree you get.Pretty sure my waiter was under then influence or wholly ill-prepared .... He introduced himself, fumbled through the specials, left, came back, introduced himself for the second time, asked if we have dined at Cochon before, then started the awkward process again. My sister cut him off to save him the embarrassment. For a $200 meal, I wouldn't expect such sloppy service... We had faith that things would get better and are a forgiving bunch, but... Our round of drinks took 20 mins and our pitcher of beer was warm. Food was substandard. Our beautiful piece of red fish was severely overdone and under salted, the Cochon was forgettable, gumbo was okay, butter beans and alligator were awesome, duck liver was good except the tooth breaking crostini. We've been watching this restaurant for years and excited to finally dine there... All restaurants have bad nights, but  I would have  rather  cooked out of Link's Real Cajun than host a birthday at such a poorly executed restaurant.Overall (7.5/10)Food(7/10) - I think It was hyped up way too high\Atmosphere (8/10) - great jointService (10/10) - wait staff was more than accommodating.Price (7/10) - not super high for all the attention it's getting.The summary - it is good food, great atmosphere, but the hype and price are too high.  I would go back again if I was in town, but I would probably only go if my friends wanted to go.  I had better food in town.What we ate (Nothing to write home about, or remember, or crave, just tasty)- Brisket - average slow cooked goodness- Alligator bites - pretty tasty, but nothing you can get elsewhere.- pulled pork thing - not as tasty as the brisketWould I go back? yupYes, go here.The Fried Alligator is guaranteed to make you smile. The watermelon pickles were a special treat as well.  The price to happiness ratio is really good but the drinks suck.Dessert was forgettable.  I'm impressed that they had a couple of ciders on the menu.  I am a fan of the oyster and bacon sandwich but I thought the fried alligator was just okay.  There are taxis waiting outside.  Patio seating entertainment was a low speed chase after a runaway donkey.  We showed up too early for our reservation so we waited about an hour to be seated.Of all the meals I had in New Orleans, Cochon was by far my favorite.Went with a large group of people (14 to be exact) and because of that I got to try a little bit of (almost) everything.Starters:* Wood-fired oyster roast: DELICIOUS.  I had oysters at Acme a bit later in the trip and although those were good, I'd say these were still better!* Fried alligator with chili garlic aioli: First time trying alligator.  I really liked it but I think it's because anything that's deep-fried well and has a nice slightly spicy sauce to it is gonna be good :)* Smoked cobia fritters with apple calas: These tasted almost like corned beef hash in a deep fried ball.  Probably a healthier version than what I described because it's fish (like salted cod), or at least that's what I'll tell myself.  Yum.* Cane syrup glazed pork cheeks with mushrooms & roasted corn grits: Soft and sweet and yummy!* Pork & black eyed pea gumbo: This was my favorite gumbo of the trip too.  I didn't have enough because I figured I would be having lots of gumbo as the trip went by.  I wish I had eaten more of THIS one.Entrees:* Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled peaches & cracklins: I actually ordered this one (the restaurant is named Cochon after all.. it must be good?), and some of it was good, but this was my least favorite dish.  The pork was dry and could've used a bit more flavor.* Smoked ham hock with baked peanuts & charred radishes: This is sort of what I wish the cochon were like.. the pork was tender, delicious, and complemented well with the elements on the plate.* Rabbit & dumplings: Very soft and delicious.  Just had a small bite of this one but the one who got this said she really enjoyed it.* Beef pot roast with horseradish potato salad: Sooooo good.  Tender, delicious, great sauce.* Catfish courtbouillon: Didn't get to try much of this one but the bits I did try were good!All in all, GREAT meal.  Service was just ok.  Very particular about seating etc.  If you're in NOLA, GO HERE!  You won't regret it.This place was chosen by our local host for a casual business dinner. What a wonderful reflection on local food and fine preparation. The quality was demonstrated through all the orders from the dozen of us.  We ended up sharing bites and having a delightful evening enjoying classics of New Orleans.It was our last night of our vacation, and we decided to eat dinner at Cochon. I am so happy we did! We split the fried alligator. It was very good. I got the ham hocks that came with spatzle and brussel sprouts. Can I say the flavors were so wonderful together? There was a great smoke on the ham hock. The two bones were separated because the meat fell off of them. Yum. I also loved the flavor of the spatzle. Boyfriend got the rabbit and dumplings. They were also flavored nicely. He loved it! We are fans!! Thank you Cochon!Excellent. The fish I had was fantastic served "fisherman style" filleted but with skin on. Good service although the place was quite busy on a Tuesday evening.Did not get to eat the food there. I really really really really wanted to try the bacon-y Elvis king cake before Mardi Gras was over, and looked on the website to see if it was available in small portions or by the slice. As it turns out, the website said that you can buy Elvis King Cake by the slice for $3.50.( See: cochonbutcher.com/wp-con… )I went there today and accidentally went to the nicer dining side of the restaurant asking if I can get a elvis king cake slice to go (specifically that item and "by the slice" were details included in my question) I was directed to the deli section of the store where I waited in a long line. Right when it was my turn to get to the register for this simple order, the cashier began taking a multi-person order from a man standing next to the long line of people and ignored me, the one standing in front of the cash register.  After completing his order, she finally got to me only to tell me that they do not serve this Elvis king cake by the slice and it has to pre-ordered and can only be ordered as a whole cake. Since the website AND the hostess of the restaurant did not inform me otherwise, I'm a little disappointed, as well as the cashier letting someone cut in line. Not a fan of this place right now.Looks like I'll be coming up with my own bacon king cake this Mardi Gras.... :(This was the first place that we had dinner when we were in New Orleans for a long weekend trip and it didn't disappoint.  The food was amazing and the fact that they had Abita Root Beer on tap was also amazing.  We ordered a bunch of stuff off the menu and I am just going over the highlights.  The BBQ ribs, pork cheek, crawfish pie, and fried alligator apps were really fantastic.  The fish entree was good and we ordered both specials that they had that night and they were also fantastic.  For the sides we got the mac'n'cheese, the grits, and the twice baked potato.  As a side note, the house made hot sauce was killer and we really enjoyed that, we will definitely be stopping in here again.A Sign of New Orleans RenewalThis place opened up after the storms, and so you'll find an impeccable interior in contrast to the weathered outside. It's a young well-to-do and in-the-know crowd. Professionals with money I suppose. The meal wasn't too expensive. The fried alligators to start were amazing, they tasted a little bit like chicken but had the texture of red meat. They butcher the pigs in the back, the restaurant is called Cochon after all. It's a nice trendy place to go if you can afford to. The food and service is great. It's a little bit out of the way, and a little pretentious, but it's solid.Great time. The place gets busy quickly on a Friday night with a younger more casual crowd, although we were able to get a seat early. The interior had a great look lots of light wood.Service was friendly and very knowledgeable about the history, short, and food choices excellent. Bochon, brisket and oyster sandwich were all very good and authentic. Local & imported beer on tap.Two things that stand out as being memorable here:  The "grilled" oysters and the homemade lemonade.  I say "grilled" because the delicate meat of the oyster is actually steamed, as they grilled the shell but not the meat.  These things were exquisitely flavored with a garlic/tomato/butter infusion, excellent.  The lemonade was a nice balance between sweet and tart.One of the chefs, maybe a sous chef, came to our table and greeted us and made a couple of recommendations including the oysters.  His other recommendation, the fried alligator was more so-so.  It was flavored with a mildly spiced mayo, and fresh mint leaves.  Too much of it for two people in one order, and not memorable.  The smothered greens were pretty good, but who goes somewhere for greens, a vegetarian? Not here!The pork cheeks were ok, but I've had better at the Custom House in Chicago.  These had inconsistent texture and the sauce, billed as a homemade red pepper sauce, was lackluster.Verdict: decent, but coming from Chicago where the "small plates" idea has already gone in and out of favor like 5 times in the last 8 years, I wasn't knocked off my feet by Cochon.I LOVE pork... it is magnificent... It can do so many wonderful things, and Cochon does a great job of showing you just how many things it can do. I had the Louisiana Cochon with parsnips and cabbage topped with fresh made cracklins. My Jewish boyfriend even found a fantastic non-pork dinner, he got lamb stew with parsnips, carrots and purple peas, topped with dumplings, and we split a twice baked potato. Both meals were absolutely fantastic. The desert was beyond words, we got a peach cucumber buckle, with is a cobbler of sorts.Our waitress was really great. She was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the food. The decor of the place was also very nice, lots of wood every where, not too over the top... people might say that they are bored with it, but those people probably prefer loud tacky bull shit.BUT, if you are anywhere near the warehouse district and have a hankering for some good pork, give Cochon a try.The French word for "pig", Cochon's specialty is... well... pig. And, boy, do they do pig well. It's a place where vegetarians come to be converted to carnivores. Located in the Business District, it's still within walking distance from the high-tourist areas of the French Quarter. The bf and I decided to do small dishes in order to try everything:  hot sausage with grits, pork ribs with watermelon pickles, people, cochon with cracklins, fried alligator, kitchen, and gumbo (center). Vegetables? HA. I laugh in the face of vegetables! It was definitely a meat heavy dinner, but if I had more space, I would've ordered the pork cheeks with corncake! Afterwards, I was too full of pork to do anything, but it was definitely worth it. Some of the dishes were a miss, like the hot sausage, but the cochon and the fried alligator was absolutely mouth watering.This was the best higher-end restaurant meal I had all week in NOLA. I took a group of 6 there and we filled the table with all sorts of goodies - and there wasn't one real dud in the whole pile. We started with Fried Rabbit Livers, Wood-Fired Oyster Roast, Friend Alligator, the Boucherie Plate and the Ribs with Watermelon Pickle. I didn't get to taste the ribs, but they looked great, and everyone else loved them. The Alligator was perhaps over-fried but still tasty. The rabbit livers were AWESOME. I could eat a plate of them right now. "Oyster Roast" is oysters on the half shell with a bit hot sauce, thrown into a hot oven. Very nice - although I prefer them on the bbq if you're going to cook them... I might have used a little less sauce and a hotter oven. The boucherie was great, especially the "pig face". Oh yes, and an order of the soup of the day, which was EXCELLENT. Entrees were Rabbit & Dumplings, Roasted Fish "Fisherman's Style", and two massive over-roasted pork chops. The chops were impressive, very juicy and very tasty. I wish I had tried a bit of the rabbit, because it looked amazing. The fish was beautifully done. Great cocktails - I will admit to having three whiskey sours made with Bernheim Wheat Whiskey -- very nice. Great design and nice view of the kitchen and big wood-burning oven. I loved the feel of the place and the young, hip, friendly, foodie staff. Right on, Cochon!This place is supposed to be one of the hottest restaurants to watch (nytimes.com/2008/03/12/d… . To be honest, I wasn't terribly impressed. However, I've got to note that we went with 25 people. It must've been a nightmare to try to get all of our plates out in some kind of synchronous fashion. While some dishes fell flat, some of the other rib dishes were absolutely divine. (it better if their namesake is cochon).PS. the website is cochonrestaurant not cochon.com (very different)Was there for dinner last night - had 2 great starters, one was the special fig/potato skillet & the other was the wood fired oysters. both were to die for. had the pulled pork entree & the green tomato crawfish side - these were good but not as great at the starters. had the blueberry crumble for dessert & really enjoyed it.loved the ambience, my kinda modern, clean feel to it. service was mixed - had one really nice server but the other was tart & strangei'd go back there again anytime :)I am bummed out because my experience here was tainted by the fact that I was sufferering from an unexplained (assuming exhaustion/dehydration) ill feeling and didn't enjoy the experience half as much as I know I would have were I in top condition. My boyfriend made the exceptionally good point that all the slatted benches and light wood made the place feel like we were in a sauna...but aside from that...the room is huge, with amazing high ceilings and a chef's table at the back. A small bar sits up front where you can order from an expansive drink list. Boyfriend got the Rabbit and Dumplings and I went for braised beef. My beef was very fatty (as it's supposed to be - I just didn't realize) so I wasn't keen on eating it with my tummy ache, but I nibbled on the horseradish potato salad as best I could. I would come back here to try again in a second and wished I had been feeling better to really savor the unique menu (alligator appetizers anyone?) and soak up the atmosphere.Awesomely good, great casual environment, some of the best staff of any restaurant in NOLA.OK, now for the details. We started the dinner with White Lightning "moonshine" - bad idea, but fun at the same time. The staff are more than happy to tell you what their favs are - listen to them, they're good.Everything is great so share stuff! Servings are small but good proportions for trying lots of different things.I thought the food was very, very good. But the staff made everything excellent. Can't wait to return.This is definitely a spot worth checking out in NOLA!  But, make sure you make reservations.  The place fills up pretty quick and this is a fitting testimony to the fare on the menu.It can be difficult to know what to order here...so many wonderful choices.  We were there for lunch and sampled the meat pie, braised ribs, Mac & Cheese and a pecan, pumpkin tart for dessert.The MAC & CHEESE is screamin' good!  It comes in it's own mini skillet and is the most creamy, luscious decadent form of this traditional staple that I've ever tasted.  If you like comfort food, you would do yourself a disservice not to sample.Now for the ribs...They were out of this world!  I had a version of ribs which were paired with pickled watermelon.  Sounds weird...tastes fantastic!  The meat pie was reminiscent of a Mexican enchilada filled with a spicy beef mixture; very tasty.  The dessert menu is OK.  That's not why you come to this place.  Couchons inspiration is in the elegant interpretation and presentation of traditional favorites in a way that's surprising but in a way that works to delight the taste buds.  Service is also OK.  This is a very busy restaurant and while our server was knowledgable about the menu, she seemed rushed and extremely busy.  The devil is always in the details and this is where the restaurant falls a tad short.  But  all, in all a pretty good experience.Not really impressive food, but its better than 3, "middle of the road".  3 1/2 stars if there were half stars.They're trying to do good work here and they definitely have some high notes, but still lack in some areas.Ashamed to say I was impressed by their standard dinner rolls, but I do like it when a restaurant puts some effort into their breadbasket.Wood fired oysters with spicy butter were excellent.  Not sure why it was served on a bed of rock salt, which seems pointless and wasteful, but it didn't affect the taste.Fried alligator with spicy ailoi -- unevenly breaded and the breading was falling off.  Alligator meat was tougher than usual, and the aoili was too salty by a mile.  I was surprised that the fried bits were tossed in the aioli instead of being served with the aioli on the side.  It'd be like ordering calamari and having them toss the rings with the cocktail/marinara sauce for you.  1 star dish at a mostly decent establishment.Shrimp and eggplant cornbread dressing -- I love stuffing/dressing, especially with cornbread.  Great idea, good work on the flavors, but agian too heavy on the salt.  Also, terrible on texture.  It was just mush, the cornbread pieces in dressing should stand up and maintain some structure, but it may as well have been purreed.  Tone down the salt and don't overmix it and you'll have a winning dish, Cochon.Poached yard egg and roasted mushroom on grits -- Delightful.  The grits were served as a pressed square cake and were light, buttery, and had great texture.  Perfectly seasoned, nicely crisp on the outside, and creamy inside.  My  first time having grits served like this, though I guess its just like how many people do polenta.  The poached egg was good, runny  yolk, and the mushrooms and mushroom gravy were a nice counterpoint to the buttery grits. 5 star dish.Desserts were pretty good, the highlight was the pineapple upside-down pancake.Very wide range of dish quality at one establishment, but more good than bad.Great place to go for pig lovers!Fried alligator: I was skeptical to try it, but my super adventurous friend really wanted to try it so we ordered it. Meat was battered very well and seasoned great. Love the shallots, herbs, and spicy sauce they top it off with.  Feels like chewing on a tougher piece of pork.Ham hock: amazing! Vegetables and black eyed peas were cooked to perfection! I love beans and was very delighted to see so many of them surround this wonderfully, slow cooked piece of bone-in ham hock... It was soo good! Seasoned well and complimented the beans and veggies too nicely! I can not get over how delicious this dish was!!Black bottom browner butter banana cream pie: yes, the name is long, but the dessert is divine! Real bananas in the cream topped with chocolate mousse... Melt in your mouth amazing!Lazy magnolia pale ale: loved this drink! Just the right balance for me... I don't like my beers too light and definitely not too dark...Next time I'm in Nawlins I'll be heading here again!Wow.  Was there one thing on this menu that wasn't bad.  Nope, can't think of anything that I tried that I wasn't a fan of.  We went for lunch a few days ago.  I recommend getting a bunch of small plates and splitting them amongst the group and then splitting an entree with a buddy.  It's the best way to try more stuff on the menu, which in my opinion is worth it!  Stand outs were the Alligator Bites and the Pork Ribs.This place made up for the awful dinner we had the night before... Thank you Cochon!Waitstaff was great, not overly attentive but cool and collected. Food was excellent, we had the following:fried alligator with chili garlic aioli $10- very good, moistliver-cheese & hog jowls on toast $9- my favorite out of everything, rich and delish!!fried boudin with pickled peppers $8- my friends favorite, wanted the recipe.braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, apple sauce & goat feta $11- tender and good flavors, this wasn't my favorite but still was quite good.cucumbers & herbs in vinegar $5- great palate cleansersThe Swinekiller $9 Hendricks Gin, Fee Brothers rhubarb bitters, limeade- loved the rhubarb bitters.and a Tequila drink that isn't on the menu...Make this on of your stops, also go next door to the butcher shop... they have duck pastrami- just sayin'I guess movies are a bit like restaurants.  If you have no expectations the movie *can* be 10X better than if you read the reviews.    And maybe i've said that in other reviews but whatever, I have a bad memory.  Everything here was delicious.   Maybe it was the company we had, but I was thoroughly impressed.  And due to my bad memory, I can't really remember what we had (gimme a break, it was about a month ago)...I just remember everything was outstanding.    It was even better than August IMO.  And the prices I thought were a deal, considering the quality of the food.  It was $125 for 4 people WITH a bottle of wine (not including tip).My friends and fellow reviewers, Nate and Noah, have a better view of this place than I do but not by much.  I have a couple complaints, but the greatness of the fried alligator with chili-garlic aioli truly earned Cochon 5 stars all by itself.  You have to expect alligator to be a bit rubbery, but it hardly was, and if so then only in the greatest of ways to enhance the dish.  It was so juicy and breaded and fried perfectly.  As for the aioli, I need the recipe in order to go on living.Before the complaints, I would like to also say that the feel and decor of the restaurant were truly outstanding...humble and rustic yet modern.  I'm not so good describing decor, but all I know is that it felt like a great place to be.  Ok, to the not so good parts: service wasn't great, despite the restaurant being nowhere near capacity.  Also, I ordered the cochon, the dish that is the restaurant's namesake, as my entree and was less than impressed.  Though the pork was obviously juicy (read: covered in juices), it still felt dry to me and just fell flat somehow.  I was also not impressed with the accompaniments, even though it had cracklin.  Lastly, the house beer we ordered was nothing to write home about.Despite all these things though, the way I felt while dining at Cochon and those damned lovable alligator poppers still garner this restaurant the highest of marks.  Also, my fellow diners were more than impressed, so that has to count for something.Try the alligator. ... no, really.I had that, *and*  the shrimp etouffee, which was lovely, and the pork cheeks, which were the big win. Super-tender bits of pork, in an apple sauce (which is not "applesauce" - which is what I was expecting) served on a little pile of potatoey goodness.The "Swinekiller" cocktail was light and refreshing, with just enough of the rhubarb bitters to make it interesting.The place is a little more trendy than I was expecting. This is not a mom & pop Creole kitchen. Still; friendly service and good food.Overall, a very nice experience. An honest 3.5 with half a point for good will.I'll go back, and see if they can make it and honest 4.Very nice!  A bit off the beaten path but worth it!  Had braised pork cheek and wood-fired oysters.  The flavors were great, fresh, and the pork cheek fell apart with a fork.   Some in my party complained portions were kind of small.Absolutely delicious!!! The alligator was amazing (even though really spicy, but still you cannot miss it); and the oysters, the best I've ever had in my life! The gumbo wasn't that good, but still fine. I cannot say other thing that GO if you are in NOLA! There are a lot of tables, and they are close to each other, which is totally fine in a restaurant that seems so popular for great food. The service, excellent. All the waiters were super nice. What else? I will repeat for sure!The food is always amazing!  Also love the bourbon drinks.  Menu changes periodically, but is always great.  The desserts are also fantastic!Absolutely awesome! From the food all the way to the service. An ABSOLUTE MUST if you are in NO.We were in New Orleans for a total of five nights recently (with a football break between) and had our first meal in NOLA at Cochon.  It was an incredible meal - we ordered the fried alligator, crab stuffed artichoke, ribs, pork cheeks, sliced zucchini salad, and fish of the day.  The meat just fell off the bone on the ribs and the pork cheeks were so tender and tasty.  The meal was so good my husband asked that we go back for dinner another night.   The second meal was even better than the first!  They had a pork belly special that night and the skin was so crunchy and delicious I refused to share!  The meat was nice and tender and not too fatty.  Still dreaming about it....in addition to our entrees, we ordered the zucchini salad again (2 orders cos we didn't want to share), a melon salad with pigs ears, stuffed artichoke and fried shrimp.  Yes, we were what we ate, pigs!I have to agree with the other reviewers about the service at this restaurant, though.  Not very friendly and our server would walk by and ask if we were okay and just breeze on by, not real stopping to really find out if we wanted anything.Knew nothing about this place. Placed was chosen for a business lunch. Really glad they did. The place is simple, touch if class but with a real downhome vibe.You can see that their menu is uniquely their own, and their kitchen is serious.Had the catfish and WOW. So damn good wish I could hit them again. Highly recommend.awesome beers.. awesome menu.. awesome dessert. cured meat platter I would definitely recommend.. little expensive but worth it. Mac and cheese was the best I ever had. very creamy.This is by far, the BEST food I've had in NOLA!! I seriously had foodgasms from all the great dishes here!! Definitely nicer than anything on Bourbon St. I had the fire roasted oysters which were like effing dancing elves on my tongue! And the rabbit & dumplings tasted like heaven - it was my first time having rabbit!! Seriously one of the best dishes I've had in my LIFE! And the upside down pineapple cake was amazing. It reminded me of corn bread but with a twist. Tasted sooooo freaking good. I'm SO GLAD that a friend recommended this place because it was the only place I enjoyed in this crazy town!Great food and drinks. The cochon with turnips, etc. was excellent, as was the black-eyed pea gumbo. Also really enjoyed the shrimp and alligator appetizers. The Catahoula Hound Dog was super yummy. And the pineapple upside-down cornmeal cake was ding-dong delicious!Would have given 5 stars, but the service could've been better. Everyone was nice enough, but it was like they felt they were too "hip" to give it their all. I am a very polite person, as is my husband, so we gave them no reason to be all of. Plus, we spent $160. For 2 people! And that's fine, we are vacationing from Houston, it was a night out, and we're willing to pay for good food and drinks. But it was a Wednesday, and by 9:00 the restaurant was only 80% full, so why try to rush us on food and drink decisions? All-in-all, I would highly recommend this place. the chefs really know their pork, and beans and greens, and southern flavors. Oh, and try their house-made pepper vinegar on any of the pork or greens....Highly over rated! Food Definite must miss!If you like pig, this is for you. No joke.The portions are small, but that's ok because you want to go with some people and order a variety of dishes. I went through the whole menu in two visits. Most definitely worth it.We ate here twice. Good enough to come back is saying a lot in a town with so many wonderful restaurants. The parsley and Hendricks gin cocktail I had was wonderful, even if it sounds weird. Just delicious! The service was pretty good, a bit disorganized, but mostly fine. Some stand out items: the pork belly, alligator appetizer and the excellent wood fired oysters. The cocktails were great, we tried a few both times. Overall lots of fun and not terribly expensive either!I would recommend going with a group and sharing lots of different dishes, everything was quite good.After hearing about Cochon on the New Orleans episode of "No Reservations," I just had to go and see if the hype was worth it. Well, the answer to that is yes and no.The decor is wonderful and we got seated well ahead of the time we had our reservations for. Although the place was fairly packed, service was quite good and our glasses did not stay empty for much time.Going into Cochon, I already knew what I wanted to try. Some of the input was from opinions on here, as well as of locals who we met at bars. We just had to try the fried alligator, rabbit livers, and pork cheeks. For entrees, I had the Louisiana cochon, while my boyfriend ordered the Rabbit & Dumplings - which was raved about on here.The fried alligator was quite good. Although a bit tough, the aioli it was smothered in was divine and just perfect. NOM, indeed. As far as the rabbit livers go, I was not impressed. The breading kept completely falling off the livers, and they tasted rather bland. I'm actually surprised to read the other reviews about how "flavorful" they were. Maybe I received a batch from the boring chef?By far, the most standout item of the night were the pork cheeks. Oh. My. God. Anthony Bourdain does not lie when he claims that the cheeks are the filet mignon of the pig. They were so soft, and tender that it brings a tear to my eye when I think of the deliciousness. The sauce they come in is perfect and the little pieces of beets just round it all up.My entree, the cochon was also very very good. It was tender and filling and I would order it again in a heartbeat. I wish I could say the same for the rabbit & dumplings. The dish was very bland and contained these turnip-like veggies that still had a hard skin on them. I wish I could tell you what they were but they completely unappetizing and threw my boyfriend off from the whole meal. Overall, I'll have to give Cochon 3 stars because though pork dishes were indeed fantastic, the rest of the food sampled did not stand out at all. Go! But go for the pork alone.Been there 6-8 times, and it's always been a great dining experience!  Usually will take out-of-town guests there to try the local, Louisiana cuisine.Short ribs with potato salad is a winner.  They have the best fried alligator in the city!  The zesty cucumber salad is also a good compliment to most items on their menu.Definitely worth trying.  And the prices are very moderate!  If you miss out on Cochon, go next door to Cochon Butcher.Ok, in all fairness this is about a 2.8.  The desserts were the best part of the meal.  Everything (and I do mean everything) was WAY over salted.  I had the beef brisket / potato salad and rice/broccoli cassarole, others at my table had the rabbit dumplings and the pork dish.  everything remained about 1/2 eaten simply because of the insane overalting.  If the food hadn't have been oversalted, it would have been lovely.  The pigs ear was chewy: not a crisply fried detail to a salad.  The goose/white bean soup again was good but oversalted.The mixed drinks were made with freshly squeezed juices but the oversalting is something that just can't be overlooked at this price point.  It is something that didn't pass the taste test and something we didn't run into during our stay in New Orleans.  I won't be back: which is a shame, only because I'm not a deer in look of a salt lick.This is place was delicious!  I went to four people and pretty much got to taste everything on the menu and everything was delicious.  :) Try the mushroom salad!!!  REMEMBER TO MAKE A RESERVATION!I want you all to know that the food was astronomically fantastic, the service just leaves room for improvement.  Based on food alone Cochon would get 5 stars.  These are items I would highly recommend:-Fried alligator-Broccoli and cheddar rice-Cauliflower-grilled shrimp chow-chow-fried okra with cayenne vinegar dressing-creamy grits (stir it to to find the caramelized onions at the bottom.)I'm holding on to that last star.Let me start by stating that I am a very good cook.  Pork is my protein of choice.  And, my partner has a very discerning taste for pork as well.  Finally, my partner is a former chef.  So, why hold off on the last star?  Because we can do pork better than the Braised Ham Hock on a bed of mashed squash and definitely better than the Braised Pork Shoulder with pickled cabbage.  Oh, and what was that cracklin' doing on top of the pork shoulder dish?  I totally enjoyed the Wood-fired Oysters and the Breaded Lamb Liver was exceptional!We started next door at the Butcher.  The sampler plate of meats was definitely a revelation.  We definitely enjoyed every bit of it.  More on the Butcher in another review where they get 5 stars.I came in to this place for a late lunch with somewhat high expectations and I was somewhat disappointed.I had the shrimp and deviled egg gumbo, Louisiana cochon, and a Abita root beer. The gumbo had excellent flavor but I thought it was a bit watery and I'm not sure what kind of shrimp was supposed to be used, but they used dried shrimp - the smallish and hard ones that you can buy in packages in Chinatown. Not a fan. I was expecting nice medium/big gulf shrimps. Oh well. The egg in the gumbo was absolutely delicious though.The Louisana cochon was a bit too salty for me. The cracklins were good, but just about as good as any pork rinds that I could have bought at the store for way cheap. The puck of pork was at times nice and tender with good flavor and at times, an overly salty and not as tender as I would have liked. If it wasn't as salty as it was, I would have liked it more.The local root beer was great :) Also great was the waitress who gave me all sorts of tips on places I should try for food and entertainment while in New Orleans.If I was to do it again, I guess I would try Cochon butcher next door or Herbsait and see how Link's other restaurants hold up...My boyfriend and I decided to try out this place based on the reviews on Yelp.  So, maybe I shouldn't have gone in with such high expectations because I wasn't that impressed.Starters:-  fried alligator with chili garlic aioli.  This was ok.  I had never tried alligator before.  It tasted like chicken except tougher.  The chili garlic aioli was pretty yummy.-  mushroom salad with fried beef jerky & lemon.  This was ok as well.  Main Entrees:-  Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins.  This dish was average.  I think I've made better pork shoulder dishes.-  smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad.  This dish was average as well.  Not enough flavor for my taste.Desserts:-  Warm Fudge Brownie.  This was good, not great.-  Pumpkin and Pecan Pie.  This was good, not great, as well.Service was very good.  Decor was very nice.  The restaurant filled up quite nicely for a Monday night.I'm not sure if I want to return if I come around New Orleans again.I had this reservation for a month, so it can be said it was much looked forward to. Had the boucherie plate, which was filled with fantastic meats, and fried boudin balls with pickled peppers to start. Our entrees were the Louisiana cochon with turnips and the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. A bottle of red wine finished it off nicely.My partner and I were laughing after each bite because everything tasted to good. It was busy and crowded but in a warm good natured way. Our waitress was very nice and knew what she was doing. Everyone who served us was very professional. It was a wonderful night, and for a very reasonable price. Didn't even need to look at the dessert menu because we were so satisfied (and full).This place is awesome.  Just try it.Pork cheeks?  Hog head cheese?  Rabbit and dumplings?  Yes, Definitely Yes.Yes, another 5-star review.Cochon is so delightful that my husband and I ate here twice during our stay in New Orleans. Once for dinner and then two days later for lunch.Impeccable food, service and bright, unique cocktails.Loved this place!  I was in New Orleans for a trade show, and this was the first night in town.  I was coming off a week in Vegas for a different show, so was looking for a nice, casual, down-home local spot.  Cochon got lots of good Yelp reviews, so I booked an early dinner reservation for a coworker and myself.We walked in, and I loved it.  Very cute space.  Very simple, with some big butcher prints hung on the walls and great wooden tables and picnic benches for the seating.  Our waiter came right over and was super friendly.  Of course, I really think everyone in New Orleans is like 400 times nicer than anywhere else, but he was too.  He told us the specials, took our drink order, and returned promptly with them.We shared the grilled shrimp with chow chow $9.  This was yummy and light!  4 grilled shrimp with a pickled watermelon, cauliflower relish.  Delicious!  She got the mushroom salad with deep fried beef jerky and lemon vinaigrette $9.  This was awesome.  Lots of thinly sliced different types of mushrooms marinated in the vinaigrette with fried meyer lemon rinds and lots of slivers of beef jerky bits.  So different and creative, and it really worked well together.  I got a simple arugula salad with shaved fennel and beets in a nice vinaigrette.  Refreshing and light!She got the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad $19.  This was awesome.  The brisket was so perfectly smoked and fork tender.  The potato salad was super spicy and mustardy and awesomey.  The portion was big, and for $19 it was a steal.  I was torn between like 3 dishes, but the waiter talked me through them all in descriptions and told me i should try the rabbit & dumplings $21.  I went with his recommendation and was so happy!  It was a little rabbit stew in a cast-iron skillet with 4 fluffy dumplings on top.  He said it was like their take on a rabbit pot pie, but with the dumplings instead of a pastry top.  Very good!  Perfect comfort food!  I wish we had room left for dessert, because I bet they were amazing...but we were so full we couldn't even look at the dessert menu!  This meal was terrific and so "cheap", especially after coming off a week in Vegas!  This meal was like half the price of a 2-person meal there.  And it was twice as good as most! They also have a really cute butcher shop next door where you can buy merchandise and sausages, little baby pigs, etc.  Very cute.  there's a small bar menu and beer selection too.  This would be a great place for a casual meal. Next time I'm back in New Orleans, I'll definitely be coming to one or both of these establishments.After eating lunch at Cochon Butcher, it was assured we would be coming here for dinner. I give it five stars here, but 4.5 would be more appropriate. I'll round up!For appetizers we three had the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli and the liver cheese and hog jowls. We followed up with the beef brisket, cochon, and the smoked ham hock. For dessert, we sampled an ice cream and pie contraption.The fried alligator was pleasantly spicy and well-cooked; however, it did seem awkward compared to the rest of the comparably more elegant and higher-class fare. The liver cheese with hog jowls (like bacon in their consistency) was amazing and a different flavor than one would normally be exposed to. The cheese is very strong -- a little goes a long way! The mains will be reviewed from worst to best (in my opinion). The cochon, while delicious, was the least favorite thing we sampled -- surprising, considering that it is the namesake of the restaurant. What is cochon, you might ask? It's basically twice-cooked pulled pork. The brisket was prepared in a somewhat unconventional way that left it with a lighter color, yet it was still delicious with its sauce and very tender. Finally, the ham hock was amazing. The smoked flavor goes perfectly with the hock of the pig, and the meat flaked away from the bone in a way that can be described as gorgeous. "There's a pie under this ice cream!" I exclaimed in joy as we began dessert. It was a chocolate salty caramel contraption, and that should sell anyone on trying it. Wonderful. Also, the servings of dessert port wine are very generous!We also had reasonably good cocktails with dinner, but I doubt they are an integral part of the experience. Try this place out to sample some delicious and well-prepared meats.I'm not going to write a lot about this place as I think the previous reviews pretty much sum it up - Fantastic. I would highly recommend a visit to Cochon to anyone looking for excellent food. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is the waiter could have stopped by more often to offer us the opportunity to purchase more drinks.  But really, it's just me being nitpicky and looking for an excuse to not to give them 5 stars.I'm so glad to have headed the opposite direction of the French Quarter from our hotel on our first night in NOLA for Jazzfest.  The food here is amazing.  Between 6 of us for dinner, we tasted about 8-9 of their dishes including their special for the evening, pork tenderloin -- mouth watering!Wood-fired oyster - must haveShrimp etouffe - yes!Braised pork cheeks - sooo tender and tasty  Louisiana cochon - must haveMac & cheese - good addition to medley of tastesCreamy grits - perfect sideSome chicken entree - it was OK but don't come here for it (if you want chicken, see: Coop's Place for their cajun fried chicken instead)Everything was fabulous. Best crayfish étouffée ever. Awesome pork. And greens. And desserts. The staff was friendly, cool, and had good suggestions.  And the service was prompt.  It's a big loud room, like many in N.O., so just be ready - it's not a quiet intimate dinner place.  So the bottom line is - GO!Rumor has it that Aziz Ansari added a tour date in New Orleans JUST so he could eat at Cochon... I don't blame him. Best meal I've had in months (possibly years). From the appetizers to the entrees, there was not an off note. The flavors were bold and compelling in every single dish.I was pleasantly surprised by the generous use of heat in many of the dishes. Too often, contemporary chefs appear to fear the spicy, but not at Cochon. The fried alligator was perfectly complemented by a blast of pepper in the aioli, which took the dish from great to fantastic. I was also pleasantly surprised by the notes of spice in the Louisiana Cochon, probably as "signature" of a dish that you'd find here (although everything could be considered a "signature"). The pork was mouth-wateringly tender. The greens were just acidic enough to balance out the flavor profile. There really was not a misstep.Twice-baked potatoes were fantastic. Rabbit and Dumplings were heavenly. I could go on and on. The only dish that appeared to miss was the Oyster Po Boy, although I did not try it (so I can't really fairly rate it).The ambiance was laid back, casual. The staff was a bit rough around the edges, but they knew their food and aside from forgetting a few things, they were attentive and pleasant to deal with. The other diners seemed to be occupying the same place in gastro heaven as I. Not a bad word from any of the diners who accompanied me.I have nothing bad to say about Cochon. It was a perfect meal. I would certainly fly back to New Orleans for another chance to dine here. Aziz was onto something.Do not go here without ordering the rabbit and dumplings. Absolutely delicious. I tried the Lima beans but I am not a fan of smothering vegetables in smoky tasting gravy and could only eat a few bites. Cozy, romantic dining with muted lighting and funky blues music in the background. Smells awesome as soon as you walk in the door...a wood fired grill scent. Great service.Great service and amazing food with pork in pretty much everything we tasted! We had the fried livers, bacon! and oyster sandwich, smoked duck and tasso gumbo, Louisiana cochon with cracklins, rabbit with dumplings, boucherie plate, oven-roasted fish "fisherman style", and the pan-fried crab cake.All were perfect but the fried livers and the pan-fried crab cake with cucumber buttermilk and English peas were standouts to me. Also had some great cocktails and finished it off with the banana cream pie. Couldn't have been a more perfect mealThere isn't much to say that hasn't already been said.  If you're staying in the quarter and want to try something a little different, you can easily walk over to cochon (probably a 15 minute walk from canal).I first went with my family and everyone loved it, had to go back again by myself just to get the oyster sandwich again, outstanding.I was disappointed. I was expecting a lot because of good reviews from NOLA friends. Came here for lunch, so probably not the best time. The Cochon was dry and lacked flavor. The alligator was overcooked and had too much Tobasco. Not up to New Orleans standards IMHO.Fried livers with a pepper jelly and mint is a must.  Rabbit is great.  Broiled Oysters and the Smoked Hoc Ham are phenomenal.   The "Cochon" entree seemed rather unexciting for it to be their signature dish, just another pulled pork dish.  Seating at the chef's bar is always entertaining, you get to see all the food being prepared.What else is there to say? In a town full of high quality restaurants, this place is a standout. It can quite busy but we were seated immediately without reservations relatively early on a hungover Saturday morning. While we nursed our hangovers with a great and well spiced Bloody Mary, the food restored our existence. To start, we had the fabulous wood grilled oysters, which were marinated in an otherworldly garlic tomato sauce. We've had local oysters from the east coast, England, and France, but the combination of the sauce and the wood grill made these head and shoulders above anything else we've had. We followed this up with some fried alligator tail, which was a new taste for us, but definitely good. To finish we had the braised pork cheeks, which were the least interesting of the 3 dishes, but still excellent. For 2 people, these 3 dishes were plenty for brunch, and not at all expensive. This is some of the best priced gourmet food anywhere. If you're in New Orleans, just go!This place was fun and the menu was creative and delicious...Definitely among the best restaurants in the city. And the adjoining butcher/sandwich shop of the same name is exceptional as well. My wife and I have often made up reasons to find ourselves near Cochon at meal times. The menu choices may seem daunting for the less adventurous, but believe me they are still absolutely delicious. A full bar, great staff, modren decor, and plenty of street parking at dinner hour complete this true New Orleanian gem.A nice modern restaurant with a country home cookin' theme. Fiddle music competes in the background with patron's voices echoing around the open atrium. Expect distracted service, nice blonde-wood decor, and fairly delicious food with a clear preference for pork, as my whole roast piggy friend on the bar could attest to. My Mint Julep was too sweet, there was too much dressing on my country ham salad, and someone in the kitchen was a little too enthusiastic with the salt.  But the head cheese was sublime, and the biscuitey bread was light and fluffy and perfect. I liked it now as much as I liked Popeye's biscuits when I was ten.I give it four stars for originality and the clear success of their aim: to make southern home-cookin' into fine dining. Stick to the more home-cookin'ey dishes and I bet you'll go home happy, if a little less healthy. Sit at the food bar to watch meat come in and out of the modern wood-fired oven.$10 small plates, $20 entrees.A couple friends and I went here really looking forward to pork...and since the name of the restaurant means PORK, we figured we were in for a great meal. We were wrong.The food was dry, the portions were small, the service was average at best. This place did not stand out and really fell short from all the great reviews we had all read about. If youre in New Orleans, there are so many better places to go.This place is cute.  The food was ok, but I expected more.  The best thing on the menu are the oysters.  They are on the half shell, but they oven warm them with this spicy butter.  It was delicious and I am not a huge oyster person.  The fried alligator was a little bland and the grilled shrimp with the pickle garnish just wasn't the best.The food was good, but nothing was amazing. And for the price I expected more.We got lost trying to find it.... that was more our fault than anything else....   anyway, it was well worth it.   We had dinner on a Monday night, same night as Pats vs. Saints on Monday night football.  The whole experience was Awesome!I didn't eat much okra appetizer, soup and crocodile as well as root beer...My friends ordered almost everything else off the menu, and there where no complaints.  I would recommend this place over the more "glamorous" places in town for the same quality of food.We ordered a slew of appetizers and I was impressed and loved each one. Nice atmosphere and fantastic food.Check it out.Embarrassingly horrible service, unforgettably delicious food.I go to Cochon Butcher for lunch frequently, and am a big fan, so I couldn't wait to check out the restaurant. But I experienced some of the worst service I've ever had -- from the person who seated us to the waitress who abandoned us to another one in the middle of the meal. No eye contact, they barely spoke to us, and couldn't wait to get us out of there -- they grabbed the check and said goodnight while we were still drinking our coffee. Rude and horrible. And I was embarrassed, because I had out-of-town guests and take great pride in the fact that New Orleans restaurants not only have fantastic food, but fantastic service as well. Not so at Cochon. I hope it's better at another time, because, that said:It was amazing, amazing food! We did "Southern tapas" and split a lot of small dishes -- alligator, oyster roast, boudin and pork cheeks -- all mouthwateringly unforgettable. We had a bottle of great wine with dinner, and finished with really exceptional coffee. The decor is cozy and warm, too. But again, the service put a real damper on a gold star of a meal. I will definitely give it another shot, though, and hope I get a better set of servers.It's easy to understand why this place won a Beard award.  The food was just outstanding.  We were in NO with another couple and we were more than satisfied with what Cochon had to offer.  We ordered the Fried Gator, the Boucherie plate, .  For dinner, we had the mac and cheese, the Ham Hock, the Rabbit and dumplings and...well, I can't remember the other couple of dishes.  I'll be honest, by the time we got to the entree, we were stuffed.  See, we asked our waitress if the small plates would be filling enough.  She told us no.  She lied.  Hence the -1 star.  We spoke with another waiter who told us that we should have stuck with the small plates...that those were MORE than enough.  Wish we had him!  In sum, the food is outstanding here.  So flavorful.  I would HIGHLY recommend a trip (if you can get a table!)Fair price, great service, skip individual glasses of beer and share a pitcher for $ saving. Had rabbit for the first time and it was good. Alligator for appetizer is good too. Obviously I was in the mood for being adventurous with my food choices. :)This was a very unique dining experience.  Just amazing.  Everything I saw looked absolutely delicious.  We all started our dinner with fried alligator appetizer.  I chose one of the specials, which was a breaded pork chop that I accompanied with a side of grits.  My friends had the rabbit with dumplings, and another one had the brisquet with a baked potato.  Both dishes looked wonderful, so I am planning to visit again.  For dessert I had the lemon cream pie, and it was delicious.  I really liked the home made pie crust.  I got reservations 3 days in advance in order to get a reservation at the time I was looking for.Please set me straight if I am out of line, but the only problem I had was that our waiter could not divide the bill for us.  We were a party of four, and we had to give him the total to charge to each of our cards.  For such good restaurant, I thought this was a major let down.Food was solid, but not mind-blowing.  Service not so great.  We were able to squeeze into 2 bar stools on a very busy evening.  Rabbit dumplings were great, Softshell crab was pretty darned good.  Attention from bartenders was pretty bad.  After finishing our appetizer and waiting a LONG time for our entrees (30 mins or so), bartender informed us that he had "lost" or order.  In fact, I'm pretty sure he forgot to enter our order.  It can happen to anyone, but we were right there in front of his face at a pretty small bar.  Oh well, would definitely give the place another shot if I lived nearby, as the food was good.My biggest complaint is that there isn't enough vegetables. Coming from Lafayette, LA, there are other places I would go for Cajun food.I cannot believe all the good reviews that I am reading. Bad service. Small portions. The food wasn't BAD..just "meh". What are they doing? Small plates? Fancy BBQ? German entrees? None of it was working. We waited forever to have our orders taken. Who was out waiter? No idea because 5 people randomly came by to take orders, bring bill, deliver food, etc. Overall experience? Lame.Here goes my honest opinion.  You walk into Cochon and the first thing they ask of you is "Do you have reservations?"  It's around 5:15 and there are multiple empty tables.  (Strike 1)We were seated anyway, we get to our table, I asked our server "What was your signature dishes?"   She answered, "everything"  with a sarcastic, snobbish attitude!  (Strike 2)Our server never came back to our table, didn't refill our water, never offered us dessert!  (Strike 3)The food is great but the service was awful!!  Very unlike NOLA but then again maybe the server wasn't originally from NOLA!  Please go for the FOOD just don't expect warm and fuzzy!I've been there several times and every time the entrees get better which is great since the boucherie is out of this world.  All that and Johnnie Walker blue at the bar.  Killer.  Always.I think you are probably my favorite. But damn this town makes it hard to pick!Liked their muffaletta and their ambiance! Coming back as soon as i get back!After all the over hyped food in NOLA this was legit. Hands down the best meal we had during the whole week.  We started with the fried alligator and chili appetizer which was awesome!  We also had the baked oysters (3 stars), pork ribs that fell off the bone (3 stars), head cheese (didn't touch it), and rabbit with dumplings (5 stars).  The rabbit looked a little like it should be served in a prison, but it tasted WONDERFUL.  Literally finger lickin good.  I wish we had come here earlier so that we'd have a chance to go back.  We were walk-ins and were asked to sit at the kitchen table.  HELL YEAH.  It was cool to see all the food coming out and the hussle and bussle of the kitchen.  You should just ask for it!  Definitely a place worth writing home about.Terrific lunch! Imaginative, delicious food, and friendly service.Swung by during happy hour to have a few drinks and get a snack before my late dinner.  The alligator was awesome with onions, mint and some mild chili heat.  The head cheese had nice fat content complemented by the grainy mustard and sour pickles.  I had a local brew recommended by the bartender.  All of it paired nicely.  Will have to come back for the full dinner experience.Quite an interesting menu, and everything we ordered was delicious and served with a smile. The only thing I didn't care for was the noise level and seating arrangements here. All hard surfaces makes it extremely loud, and you could be sitting arm to arm next to someone you don't know if seated along the side wall.NOM, NOM, NOM! That's the sound my mouth made when I was at Cochon. I can't really add anything that hasn't already been said. Everything was awesome, including their cocktails! I had my birthday dinner so I didn't have to pay, but I hear the bill was outrageous. However, everyone was satiated and happy, so no-one minded.I'm from New Orleans so I've grown up to be a bit of a food snob, especially when it pertains to what is supposed to be New Orleans style, or inspired, cuisine. Fine, I get it, Cochon's got great reviews and is always pretty packed. The boudin balls are good and the drinks are strong and tasty, frankly, the whole place is good...  But in a city with incredible food on every block I'd say don't settle. "good" just isn't enough in NOLA. I'd recommend their sister lunch/sandwich place next door [Cochon Butcher] over them.The best meal I've had in New Orleans so far. Go all the way - appetizer, entree, and dessert. You won't be disappointed, I promise!!This place would have got a five star review if they weren't super stingy on the portions for what they charge.  The pork cheeks were amazing nonetheless and so were the rabbit and dumplings.  I liked the greens however wish they were a little warmer when they came out.  The ribs and clams were also very good the essence that the clams were cooked in was so good you're going to use your all of the bread to sop it upSo we had the beef brisket with potato salad and lousiana cochon with cabbage.OMG. This was the best food we had when we were in New Orleans. This reminded us of upscale, yummy goodness food.The beef brisket was very flavorful; it was so tender. Very reminiscent of pot roast. Then there was the potato salad. It was definately not bland; it was chunky with a nice hint of mustard. You could see the mustard seeds in it...Then we had the cochon. Ok.. the best part was the cracklins. How can you not like cracklins.. The pork was soft, moist and flavorful. If you're looking for BBQ pork; this isn't it. But if you want to enjoy pork by itself. This was it.I am surprised to see other Yelp'ers rate Cochon an average of 4 stars. Maybe we hit it on a bad night, but our group of 11 people was not impressed.  We took clients to dinner at Cochon on a Wednesday night in early February.  We had a reservation, so we were seated right away and had two servers for our large party.  The wine list is "meh".  I expected to see some fun/obscure French reds, but was disappointed to see some uninspiring corporate wines.  The group ordered beer.  The server told me about their famous mojito, so I tried it... and had to send it back!  It was sour mix with ice... this was no hand-made mojito.  I settled for beer too.We tried several appetizers.... gator, oyster meat pie, pork cheek.  The gator was overcooked and smothered in sauce- it could've been any kind of meat, how would we know?  The sauce was entirely too overpowering.  The meat pie was very tasty (think a hot-pocket with oysters inside) and a favorite of the table.  The pork cheek was also very tasty, overcooked and dry, but it had a very interesting flavor and we were glad to have tried it.  Among other things, our group ordered the Pork Tenderloin with Cabbage/Turnips, Beef Brisket, the special fish of the evening, Baked Red Fish.  The Pork Tenderloin was prepared like a crab cake and served over cabbage and turnips.  The meat was dry and lifeless and the turnips were overcooked and mushy.  The cabbage was sweet and still a bit crunchy, which I really enjoyed and thought it saved the dish from being a total failure.  The Beef Brisket was, as one coworker put it, "boring".  It was served with a side of potato salad and looked, well, boring and bland.  I will say, the fish special, the baked Red Fish, was divine!  It was flaky, well cooked and seasoned and served in an appropriate portion.  It was a table favorite.  Several folks ordered sides (mac and cheese, brocolli/rice casserole and eggplant casserole) and they were all just OK, not good, not bad.  Bottom line:  The menu was unique and some of the dishes were pretty good, but I got the feeling that they were trying too hard.  Order the Red Fish and steer clear of the "cochon".  The atmosphere was lovely- I very much liked the fresh/clean architecture and open kitchen.  But the service and the bar was awful!   Several of us had to grab our plates back from the waitress to keep her from taking food we weren't finished with!  And she actually took a bread plate from me that contained a buttered roll with one bite removed... girl was anxious!    If you want a good meal for the price, try something else.After hearing rave reviews from friends, I was expecting to be "wowed" by Cochon. While it wasn't the worst dining experience I've had (by a long shot) I can't say that there was anything exceptional about the meal.My "Splendor in the Grass" cocktail tasted like exactly that (grass). The entrees were mediocre, but not exceptional and the service was so-so.The Smoked Beef Brisket was bland and excessively fatty, and yes, I am aware the Brisket is a fatty cut of meat. However, my Brisket was all fat and no meat and the accompanying Horseradish Potato Salad seemed to be missing its namesake ingredient.However, I cannot call the evening a complete failure as our appetizer was very tasty and perfectly cooked (the Spicy Grilled Pork Ribs with Pickled Watermelon - I should have ordered a second as my entree) and my husband very much enjoyed his Catfish Courtboullion.Also, we went around 6pm on a Wednesday evening to an empty dining room and were told we would have to sit outside or wait until after 9. We opted for outside, but the dining room was less than half full when we left at the end of our meal - so that was a little off-putting.Overall everything was just so-so. Definitely not anything to rave about.For all the hype, we were underwhelmed here.  The food was hit-or-miss. I strongly recommend you dine at Luke instead.The decor, drinks and service here are lovely.   My ham hock with sweet potatoes was very good, as were the eggplant with shrimp dressing, the mac & cheese and the pork cheeks.  The "fisherman's style" gulf fish was okay... but halfway through the huge piece it got very boring.  The non-distinct oyster & shrimp sandwich could have been served at Hard Rock or Margartiaville to the same effect.  Our Texas friends were very excited for us to love friend okra, but this was merely "fine" in their experience.Of all the gumbo we had in NoLa, this was the worst.  It tasted an awful lot like brown gravy.  Also stay away from the fried alligator - the sauce is tasty, but the meat tastes like reheated orange chicken from a Chinese takeout joint.I tried to take my bf there on our visit to NOLA, unfortunately, after walking 20+ minutes from our hotel, they were not taking any more guests for the night. We arrived at 8:45 pm on a Monday, so this made me want to go back again. I went for lunch by myself, arriving at 1e:30 pm. For my own sort of brunch. The services was fantastic, they called me a cab as soon as I was done eating and made sure everything was good while eating.The food was delicious, I had the fried alligator and really liked it. The pig ears where delicious too but I bit too sweet, and the cucumber salad was just OK. I won't give it 5 stars because it didn't blow my mind, but is was pretty close. Maybe next time I will try one of their entrees.This is what I am talking about. If you want authentic, delicious, southern cooking, then you have to walk out of the french quarter into the warehouse district and get a table at Cochon. It was worth the walk and the wait without a doubt! The food was so good it is hard to describe because we immediately went into a food coma after dinner and it was hard to shake out of it. To start we tried the pork cheeks (tender and so flavorful) and the cucumber salad (an absolute must! I love cold cucumber salad and this one had a great kick to it, refreshing after all the meat). For dinner we had the Cochon and the Brisket. Both were out of this world good, I judge BBQ and this would be welcome at any competition I ever am at instead of some of the questionable meat we do get. The mac and cheese side is good, but a lot, I would skip it and double up on the mustard greens. The best I have ever had, I only wish I could make them that good. I am just disappointed I live no where near this place and have to instead dream about it and tell everyone I can to go and try it. Luckily I went to the butcher next store and stocked up on some bacon for the plane ride home, so I can still enjoy a little while longer!I was blown away.  The menu was deep, the dishes were exciting, balanced, and all very strong.  The price point was reasonable, and coupled with the strength of the dishes really made us feel that we were getting a deal.Our sampling on two visits consisted of most of the appetizers (except the alligator), the mushroom salad, the duck and the oyster BLT entrees, and for sides, the grits and the eggplant and shrimp dressing..  For desserts we had the pineapple upside down cake.  We also had several mixed drinks and a shot of one of their moonshines.Now, on the one hand, the kitchen was hitting a lot of low-hanging fruit with the dishes;  lots of frying, lots of savory sausages, low-brow preparations, and they were not afraid to add in the sweet either.  But...on the other hand, every dish we had was seasoned beautifully, and I thought the acid use was ballsy without being overpowering - For me, the balancing of all of the components brought a level of sophistication that the individual elements would have lacked.  I ended up not only enjoying the food, but being very impressed by it.The 1 dessert we had was merely ok - but without trying others, I'm hesitant to draw any particular conclusions from it.During my daughter's whirlwind 7 day stay, we hit a number of darned good eateries, Cochon ranks in the top three.We hit this place early, between 5 and 6pm. No crowds. Though we felt like "early bird" diners, that did not extinguish our enthusiasm.The restaurant's decor is excellent. Neat, clean lines.The food was way above par. We shared fried rabbit livers appetizer. The pepper jelly was an excellent compliment, and it was served on small squares of toast which really accentuated the other ingredients. My kid opted for the Boucherie Plate as an entrée; and I went with the Oyster and Bacon Sandwich. Both were delicious.Cochon also has an excellent drink menu and a fine selection of bourbons,whiskeys and scotches.Great food and excellent service by the wait staff, makes this a restaurant that I will frequent.wood fired oyster roast ($11) spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle ($11) were just ok (nothing to rave about) but the banana cream pie was absolutely delish!  Not too sweet, crunchy, very very tasty.Ambiance is nice and modern.  Good location - walking distance from the Ogden Museum and WWII museum.One of the better stops on my trip to New Orleans!  Wanted to try everything on the menu, but didn't have room in the tummy.Great service. Boudin was so good, I bought some from their butcher shop  down the block to take back to California!Great southern food!  Nothing you eat in NOLA is healthy.  Everything is fried with plenty o lard or whatever...but that's what vacay is for!  the braised beef was delectable.  so tender!  the dessert was a homemade moon pie with dr. pepper flavored ice cream.  not really a moon pie fan but the dessert was notable.  This place will be packed so you should get reservations.  The service was OK...that's really the only down side...but I forgive them because this place was jammed with people and our waitress was obviously trying hard to keep up.  There are a ridiculous amount of good eateries in NOLA and I would add this one to the list.  Check it out!We ordered abut half the menu and loved it! Everything was great! Cochon is very casual with a minimalist decor and layout so I would only recommend it for lunch.Cochon did a fantastic job of accommodating our party of 9 on a Saturday. The food (fried alligator, pork cheek, roasted okra salad, mac n cheese casserole, eggplant and shrimp dressing) were all outstanding. Our party's sole complaint was speed of service. Since we went for brunch/lunch on a Saturday, it was a Bloody Marys all around, but they took forever to get to us. When the first round finally arrived, a few at our table went ahead and ordered the second round knowing it would take so long to get their drinks that they'd have finished their first.The food came out quickly enough, but after we finished eating our waiter did a disappearing act. All we wanted was the check, and yet he seemed to be actively avoiding our table. Attempts to get his attention went ignored, and eventually we had to have another member of the wait staff send him over. All in all, speed up the service and this place gets 5 stars.Excellent find through Yelp. Had a late afternoon mid-week lunch here. The service started out a bit spotty, but once we got a server, the rest was pretty smooth. Fried alligator was good, which I washed down with great local draft. For our entrees, we split the Cochon & the fried oyster & bacon sandwich - both were outstanding. Highly recommend this place.Wonderful food, great ambiance, and excellent service. The gumbo is to die for. The oysters were phenomenal. (The roles were great dredged in the sauce from my oysters!) The pineapple upside down cake was perfection! I can't say enough great things about this place. Make reservations-it's a popular place.I was very excited to eat at Couchon this week. I had a great experience at the bar, great service and a really nice glass of  Rhone wine while I waited for my table.I received excellent service from the wait staff and they patiently and attentively answered my questions about the menu.I was given a basket with 3 rolls like the ones you make at Thanksgiving. The bake and serve type that come in a 12 or 24 pack for $2.00. Disappointed!I ordered the "special"  salad that had greens and strawberries and fried cheese curds. It was a smallish serving but tasted pretty good as I started chowing down. When I got to the bottom of the plate, I had to stop eating. The salt level of the salad was so high that I wondered what happened on the bottom of the plate since the top portion was so good. I turned it back in to the waiter with a comment. Was it that the cheese curds were the over salted culprit?I ordered the Lousiana couchon dish  of pulled pork with turnip cabbage and cracklings and some kind of sauce. The veggies were soggy and overdone. Even the turnips! The cracklings were just typical of a Mexican grocery store and not what I though a restaurant of this caliber would serve. I thought that they would be the real deal: Real skin, real pork. The pork was a nice portion, tender but so over salted that I felt like cringing and gritting my teeth. The meat was good enough to stand on its own, why were they over salting the food? Not something to serve people with high blood pressure. Over salting to preserve the freshness of the pork?Luckily, the staff was attentive enough to call the manager and tell him of my concerns. Will Davis, the manager came to discuss the food with me. He was patient listening to my issues. I ordered one more dish to fill the corners of my empty salt filled tummy, I ordered a shrimp and mirliton dressing side order. It was different, spicy and stuffing like. I could not find but one bay shrimp in there. I thought that since shrimp was mentioned in the title that it would be the main ingredient. Maybe the dish was made of  shrimp that was ground up and seasoned? Didn't quite get that description. Again a dish that  disappointed. It was spicy but at least not over salted.I left the restaurant wanting to cry. I felt like I just left the salt lick at the stockyards. It was not the 4 or 5 star experience that I thought it would be. At least the food part.Amazing food and drinks. Best mac and cheese!!!We made the short walk from the World War II museum for a ate lunch. After finding The Cochon Butcher packed, we went next door to a mostly empty Cochon. The server was a bit snooty and when asked what he recommended, he replied "The food". Initially, I thought he was telling a joke but he never gave any more information. Still, we didn't have to wait to order. We overlooked the pretentious attitude and enjoyed good food and all the local brews on tap.  I had the fried Boudin with pickled peppers and the pork and black eyed pea gumbo both of which were very good. All four of us enjoyed our food.Cochon is amazing!    The Bread they bring to the table is killer!  You can't help but eat more and you know what THAT does to the appetite.  Now down to the apps and entrees.  We had the Fried Alligator in the amazing Garlic Aioli sauce and the Shrimp and Tasso!  Both dishes were amazing and there was enough for all three of us.  For the entree I ordered the HamHock,  my compadres in food ordered the Louisiana Cochon with turnips and the other, the catfish courtbouillon.  Now the true test of food is when there is silence at the table while forks are clicking against the plate.  Needless to say, we had a moment of silence for the food that was placed before us.  If we didn't stop eating it, we would've burst into pieces!  The portions are just right, and we all left food on the plate simply because we could not have another bite.  They mentioned something about a dessert menu, but we knew better.  We stopped by their counterpart, Cochon Butcher which serves sandwiches and sides and the line was out the door so I'm thinking that was a hit as well.  Next time I'm in NOLA, I will definitely try that one as well.Had the Alligator and the Ribs.  Ribs were not a standout, but the Alligator was good.  Loved the neighborhood flavor--especially the psychotic guy shooting at people in cars with the imaginary gun in his hand.Everything we had was so delicious. Especially recommend the oysters!We decided to just walk down the street to find a place to eat. As soon as we came up on this place we felt an energy coming from the building and had to give it a try.  We made a terrific choice.  The staff was exceptional, very knowledgeable about the menu and everyone worked together to make sure we had a great experience. You must try the Mac and Cheese. The Pork Shoulder was was also incredible.So many people raved about Cochon, but I found it a little disappointing. Overall, for the price point and quality of food, it's pretty good. Above average even. But I didn't think it was particularly amazing and will not be a meal I remember a year from now. We shared small plates: Fried Alligator, Fried Boudin, Kale & Beet salad, Macaroni and Cheese... and one other forgettable dish. The alligator and boudin were very tasty and unique -- items you likely won't find outside New Orleans. Kale and Beet salad was light and flavorful. It's definitely a sharing small plate though, not big enough to be an entree salad. I felt the hostess was extremely rude and self-important. She gave me such attitude through the reservation process and when we showed up 15 minutes late to our assigned time, acted as if we were the most inconsiderate people in the world. Perhaps my encounters with her tainted my overall impression of the restaurant, but I suppose that's what happens with poor customer service.Delicious, Great food, great atmosphere, great drinks. Expect to wait a while or be denied a table if you don't have reservations. Best boudin balls I've ever had, great oysters, rabbit and dumplings are solid choice along with the cochon dish. Can't really go wrong with this place, just go and experience it! If it is just 2 or 3 people and you dont have a reservation they will more than likely sit you at the chefs table/counter or whatever you want to call it. Best seat in the house in my opinion if you want to see how a well oiled machine is run.Rabbit and dumplings.Coming to NOLA for new year's has been a great tradition that the bf and I started a few years ago. I try to make all of my restaurant reservations as soon as I book my flights. Even 2 months in advance we were only able to get a 10 pm reservation. Having some time to waste before getting to Cochon, our group of 5 imbibed in a few cocktails before heading over. We were seated right away and started ordering several small plates to share. The alligator and boudin balls were my favorites mainly because of their unique preparation and complex taste. We also ordered the mac and cheese and the rabbit dish. Service was quick and friendly and the bill was one of the most reasonable of the trip. This will be one of my go-to restaurants when I come back to NOLA in years to come.Overhyped restaurant of the decade. Yes it's pretty good. They are very skillful in how they use all parts imaginable of the animal known as the pig. I've been here twice and wasn't blown away (as yelp would have you believe that it's the greatest restaurant in New Orleans), but it was good. I would choose many, many restaurants in town first before coming back to Cochon. I don't like writing bad reviews, and this isn't one, there's just too much hype on this place.Honestly...if you love pork and or anything related to pork you should see if they'll let you live in a back room somewhere and let you wash dishes for scraps and left overs.  It's just that good!I had the rabbit and dumplings - amazing! Would definitely come back here on future visits to NOLA. It was a bit out of the way from the normal tourist areas, and cabs were few and far between. Don't wear heels to this place if you aren't in walking distance from your hotel...I write this review for tourists assuming locals already know how awesome this place is.My husband and I just visited this restaurant for his birthday lunch. Awful experience. We had the pleasure of having 2 servers and we were all but ignored by both. We had to order bread that was readily given to other patrons. We had to request water refills. We both started out smiling even though neither server ever smiled. When we were done we had to request our check twice while she was cleaning empty tables. The rolls and the Mac and cheese were good but not worth the service.I love this place!!!!  I am a local and actually live a block away! The food is fantastic and keeps me coming back at both lunch and dinner! My only complaint is the service.  Considering I am a server in the downtown area I am generally understanding when it comes to service.  I have been here many times, but every time is the same RUDE, RUDE, RUDE servers!  A MUST try but I recommend just taking a seat at the bar!We stopped in here based on the yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. I ordered a Bloody Mary at almost every restaurant I stopped at in New Orleans and this was the best. I got the rabbit and dumplings which was the best meal I had in New Orleans as well. Highly recommended and will definitely return on my next trip down.Not a lot of vegiterian options - but hey....its New Orleans.  Everything that I could eat was exceptional.  Great list of Bourbons too!go here when you have $$$ and want good gourmet eats and drinks near French Quarter. lively...and long wait if without reservation.the char-grilled oysters portion could have been a little bit more...while the roasted pumpkin tart was good and interesting dessert item.Fun place to go for dinner.  Fun Cocktail choices. Fun & clever variations for eating pork. Sample a little of everything, just to say ya did!Had reservations for this place. Waited for about 10 minutes for our seats. Sat down and had the BEST bread ever. They have a separate pastry chef just for that. The bread was light and airy and once you top it with butter, it melts in your mouth.Next was the appetizer. Fried alligator was phenomenal. The mint sprigs I could do without, but it reminded me a little of General Tso's alligator. We also crawfish pie. Man... That was possibly the best thing I've ever eaten. It was a turnover with crawfish (of course) and some sort of cheese/tomato sauce. The main course came. I ordered the rabbit dumplings stew. Imagine a rabbit pot pie without the top. Yeah, fuhgett about it.   My lady friend had the brisket with horseradish potato salad. Man. That was delicioso.  I had a Hillbilly Mary. Which was like drinking hot spicy liquid marinara. I'm not into Bloody Mary's, but this was  crazy good. I also had a John Daly ( Arnold Palmer with vodka). Deceptively full of alcohol.  We also had a Porch Swing. A Pimms Cup (from HerbSaint) but better. If you come to New Orleans. You absolutely have to stop on here!!!Spider pig, spider pig, does whatever a spider pig does ....These guys really do pig well - every part of it.  It's a casual place with awesome food and nice service.  Based upon other Yelp reviews I tried the fried alligator.  It was great.  We walked in w/o a reservations on a Saturday night and were seated in about 5 minutes - party of two.  The first reservation opportunity was hours later so I was grateful.Cochon came highly recommended by several people I respect, so maybe we caught them on an off night.  One of my friends described this  as more of a NYC restaurant showing you what Cajun food is, rather than being something authentic.  The location is not convenient for walking, and the room seemed somewhat pretentious.  We have been lucky to eat at many great NOLA restaurants, and Cochon just didn't measure up.  Too bad, because we really wanted to like this place.I may have built this place up a little bit in my head and based on some of the "pigalicious" reviews here, but I was somewhat dissapointed.It was a long walk from the French Quarter, but I enjoyed that. The decor was very nice, and the service was great. I ordered the spicy pork ribs with a twice baked potato and my husband had a fried oyster and bacon sandwich. Don't get me wrong, all the food was very good, and we ate it all. However, I feel that I can make a pretty mean sandwich at home, and my husband makes really delicious meat on the grill. I was expecting something that I had never experienced before, to be blown away, surpised even.Overall, it was delicious, I just would not pay that much for a meal that I could replicate (or even do better) at home. I would not go out of my way to go again when I am in New Orleans.Wow...menu is inventive and a wonderful noveau interpretation of the classic New Orleans cuisine - which is refreshing!! We had a party of 10 people and we all ordered something different so that we could try each other's dishes.....just delightful and oh so delicious! I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars because of ambience.....just way too noisy - which affects how I enjoy my food.When I first heard about the group plans to dine at Cochon, I was less than happy. We're making a special trip to New Orleans to eat SEAFOOD, not pork! If I wanted to eat rich gastropub fare, I would have stayed in snowy Chicago. As it turns out, a stop at Cochon is a must if you are making a culinary tour of NoLa. Our group made a quick stop, ordering only entrees. Of the small plates we considered, the fried alligator and fried green tomatoes looked most promising. Instead, we went straight to the good stuff and dined on the mustard-crusted ham hock ($19), the rabbit and dumplings ($20), beef brisket ($19) and Louisiana cochon ($22). The rabbit was overwhelmed by the citrus-y sauce, though the meat itself was juicy and tender. The beef brisket had a lightly smoky flavor, also juicy and tender; we would have preferred more smokiness in the sauce, but overall very tasty. This was complemented nicely with the horseradish potato salad, which had a nice tang from the horseradish without completely dominating the dish. The strengths of the restaurant's signature dish include the cracklings and the sauteed greens; unfortunately, the meat itself was dry. The highlight of the evening was, by far, the mustard-crusted ham hock. The ham itself has a crisp crust, which contrasts well with the tender meat that flakes off the bone. Though a tad salty (still drinking water as I type), it pairs well with the vinegary, tart greens and the creamy black eyed peas. I can't wait to remake this at home!Service at Cochon was better than what we have witnessed so far in New Orleans (granted, we walked in at 6pm on a Monday night). We were seated immediately without a reservation and were out the door by 7:15 without feeling rushed. Food arrived promptly and water service and empty plates were taken care of immediately.Final breakdown: +3 stars for excellent entrees, +1.5 stars for excellent service. Total: 4.5 stars.Awesome fisherman style fish.Awesome eggplant shrimp dressing.Awesome fried alligator.Awesome cochon pulled pork special.Awesome night.Service was great, drinks were good (not sure exactly what I had though, but I'm pretty sure it was mojito-based.)If I'm ever in new orleans again (probably never), this is on the hit list.One of the few places in New Orleans that surpasses the hype.  I had the crawfish and green tomato casserole and a twice-baked stuff potato, which only cost me $13 for lunch.  Be careful if you order a drink, though.  Their prices in that area are pretty ridiculous.  It's not often I'll only have water with my lunch, but when the other option is a $4 Coke (even when it's Mexican Coke with sugar rather than corn syrup), the choice is kind of easy.I really liked the way the place looked, by the way.  Very fresh and clean, like it was just opened last week.  I also couldn't help but grin at some of the music selection.  That's all I'll say.Overall, a nice experience.My lady friend picked this place on a recent trip to NOLA.  Sat at the bar and ordered several dishes.Fried gator was ok, shrimp chow chow had a nice sweet flavor, chicken and sausage gumbo had a great smokey flavor, catfish courtbouillon had good parcely flavor...but my favorite...PORK CHEEK with potato, feta and apple sauce....off the charts amazing!!If you want some great food off the tourist traps, this place is worth the short march from the hotels.  I also went to their other place around the corner, Butcher...worth checking out as well.   Nice service at both places, and a Beard Award on the wall in Cochon to prove their skills !Cochon was overpriced and overrated. First we ordered the fried alligator appetizer. This was pretty good. I have never had alligator and this changed my mind about eating this reptile. My husband ordered a boutcherie plate, which was described as a plate of meat selections from the kitchen. However, what the waiter brought was a plate of cold cuts for $14. I ordered the gumbo with a twice baked potato. Both were WAY too salty. I couldn't finish either, because of the salt issue.Additionally, one of the guest at our table ordered the rabbit with dumplings and complained about the same salt issue.Cochon please take some advice and reduce the amount of salt and do not misrepresent the food on the menu.Dropped in for a quick lunch. Had the Wood fired oysters and the Louisiana cochon. The cochon was really good, though the dish overall is somewhat one-note with it's sweet-flavored tones and falling-apart textures. Housemade chili sauce lent a nice sour/hot contrast.But the oysters!! Phenomenal! Fat, succulent, and oh-so-fresh. Positively perfect baked with the slightly sour chili oil! One of the best dishes I've ever had.Service was great. Can't wait to get back and try the rest of the menu.The Boudin was heaven.  So was anything with broth.Pickled watermelon has got to be the new candied ginger.Excellent and congratulations on food well done!For our last night in New Orleans, we blew it out at Cochon (def get a reservation as far in advance as you can, btw). We got there a little early and checked out the bar. I had the Trotter cocktail, which involves vodka, persecco, St. Germain, and lemon juice. Refreshing and tart and all the right things for a warm night. Started with crawfish pie which was SOLID. Nice and fried with a schmear of spicy sauce on the side. I went with the ribs small plate along with a side order of broccoli & rice casserole. This was potentially the best decision I've made in my entire life. The ribs were UNREAL. I stand by what I told our waitress: I want to make out with whoever made those ribs. Casserole was also dope; the portion was sharable but I housed the majority of that puppy on my own. We skipped dessert and opted for the Catdaddy moonshine, which is made in-house. Perfect digestif.Service was smart and friendly; waitstaff can answer any questions you might have. The prices are spot-on in my opinion. Go! Enjoy! Tell those ribs I'll always love them.Cochon=Yummy!!I called early Tuesday morning to make a reservation for a party of 2 (me and the BF) for 6:30 and was told that only a 5, 5:30, or 8:30 was available.  5:30 it was.  We arrived at 5:30 and found the restaurant to be somewhat empty, with only a handful of tables occupied.  Our servers, Garland & Rachel, (yes, each table apparently gets 2servers) came individually with the regular greetings.  Garland was very helpful with drink and food suggestions; Rachel, well, not so helpful, rather a bit snobby.  I'm actually glad we had 2 servers, cause that would have sucked if we were stuck with Rachel.  Anywho, on with the more important stuff...FOOD!!Cocktails:  Catahoula Hound Dog.  One of the best cocktails I've had!  Very refreshing and alcohol was not so strong.Appetizers:  We ordered the wood-fired oyster roast and the fried boudin balls.  Wow.  Oysters were perfectly cooked and the seasoning/spice was not overwhelming.  It was good to the last bite.  The fried boudin balls were amazing!  I love boudin, and i love fried food, so the combination was heaven. ( is it sad that my mouth is watering while i'm typing this????)Entrees:  I had the brisket with horseradish potato salad, and the BF had the Louisiana Cochon-dish.  My brisket was fork tender and perfectly seasoned.  The potato salad was a wonderful accompaniment to the brisket because of the little horseradish "kick" that just gave that little zing to each bite.  I gave the BF a little bite of my entree...I could tell he wanted to switch.  Yea... goes without saying, the dish was scraped clean.  On to his La. Cochon dish.  All I can say is that it was just too salty for both our tastes.  I can see him taking a sip of water every time he finished a bite.  He ate about a third of the dish and decided it would just be better to take it home and slap two pieces of bread around it and make it a "pulled pork sandwich."( He really ended up doing that, and it came out actually good... sad, eh??)As for dessert... I asked Rachel what was one of their more popular desserts here at the restaurant.  Her response, "I'll get you a menu, " which she later dropped off, told us what the ice cream & sorbet of the day were,  and went away.  The BF and I looked over the menu, and didn't see anything enticing.  So, we opted to skip dessert...which i rarely ever do!  Desserts always complete  a meal for me, so it was a bit disappointing that Rachel could not even suggest something for us.  Of course, anyone can read the damn dessert menu, but the menu does not tell us what is more popular, or perhaps, which dessert the place may be known for.  Tips:  All in all,THUMBS UP for catahoula hound dog cocktail, wood fired oysters, fried boudin, brisket with horseradish potato salad, Garland!!THUMBS DOWN for the salty Louisiana cochon and Rachel.Before my fiance proposed, he planned this extravagant weekend in New Orleans and Cochon was his first place to go! If he knew me at all, feed me meat and good dessert, and I'm a happy camper. At Cochon, I was a happy camper. Fried alligator! Pumpkin thing with pumpkin ice cream! He loved the cocktails, and I loved the food. We got several appetizers and shared an entree, and it was the perfect portion. Great decor, great food, great restaurant!Best dinner we had in New Orleans!  Boiled peanut soup doesn't sound that appetizing, but it knocked our socks off with flavor!  We liked the boudin so much we asked for another order of it.  The cochon with veggies was a masterpiece of flavor and the catfish was outstanding.  We finished our meal with the pineapple upside down cake and the black velvet cake...oh man!  FABULOUS.  Can'[t wait to go back!!!This is the place to go! The food here was ten times better than Restaurant August in our opinion! Everything we had was fantastic!I made the rookie mistake of not remembering everything we ate at Cochon. This might be for the best, because instead of reading a diatribe of the multi-dish gluttony that took place, I can tell you about the dishes that I do remember - their memorability an obvious testament.Fire-roasted oysters, rabbit & dumplings, and crispy fried alligator. That's all you need to know. Of course, there was not one bad thing we ate that entire meal, but those three were the ones that really stuck. The oysters are truly like nothing I've ever tasted before. How they wind up with that fiery, smoky kick infused into the juicy oysters, I have no idea, but it's genius. You need absolutely nothing to dress these up with. The rabbit and dumplings made me a rabbit believer- tender, somewhat wild-tasting meat was a great sub for the chicken version. Oh, and the alligator was my first experience eating it and I could eat theirs on the regular. Fried up in a tangy, almost buffalo-style sauce (I understand that's culinary blasphemy, but I can't think of a better way to describe it), they are lightly fried enough that you know you're eating some real meat and they're not just trying to cover it up. Don't miss that dish! Service is outstanding. I could have kicked it with our server Calvin all night, and he was wonderfully discreet in replacing my embarrassingly dirty napkin after my bout with the fall-off-the-bone ribs. I love that Cochon is doing inventive things with their food while still being really straightforward and not too gastronomically crazy. It stands apart from any other restaurant in town, but ranks right up there with the long-time favorites we also visited such as Commander's, Jacques Imo's, and Antoine's.Just trust and order the oysters. Yum!Could have eaten until i busted open. The Food is so good, We have 5 small bites & beer. Fall off the Bone Ribs, Mac & Cheese, Soup, Shrimps and a Sticky Bun "Amazing". The place has wonderful service with great opne floor plan to see the kitchen. Relaxing atmosphere and great music playing for you to enjoy your meal and conversation. I Must Try !!!It was a delight to come across this place our frost night in town. We sat by the kitchen and it was a great to see them cook!!! Perfect cocktails,  delicious melt-in-your-mouth dishes, and the tastiest little upside down cake and sorbet for dessert, made our evening unforgettable. Than you!!!I was in town for a convention. First time in New Orleans. Wanted to get a true local meal.Well they nailed it. Awesome quality and fair pricing.MAKE SURE YOU GET A RESERVATIONThis place is ALWAYS PACKED  and for good reasonFlew into New Orleans for only two days for my b/f's interview and this was the only meal we had in the city, literally (unless you count ice cream before flight out).  We just happened to be staying near the convention center and I happened to yelp the Cochon Butcher b/c we were hankering for dinner.  We happened upon Cochon proper by accident (it was night time, dark, and rainy).  What a happy accident this was!  We were seated at the "chef's table, which is the sitting area right next to the kitchen.  I got front row seats to the fire overn.  We go the fried alligator with garlic aioli to start.  My b/f was a little questionable about alligator....but this appetizer made him a believer.  They're fried like popcorn chicken and seasoned perfectly!  Sorta tastes like chicken......I love pork like no other.  I've usually only had the asian way of preparing pork (which i love) or the sorta dried american pork chop (which I don't prefer), but this place opened up a whole new world of pork to me.  I had the  Louisiana cochon (shredded pork reshaped into a patty).  Very tasty  but alittle bit too much pork at one time for me (I'm a small person so I don't eat much each time), but for a normal person, good portion.  My b/f's ham hock....tasted amazing (well at least the small taste I had).  Would definately come back here again.  Would save room for dessert.  I was so full and didn't order any and now regretting it....but will definately order some next time!This was the best place we ate at while visiting New Orleans. The alligator was good but definitely not the highlight of the meal. We REALLY enjoyed the mushroom salad, the short ribs, and the cochon! Cocktails were tasty and the PB pie for dessert was pretty awesome! This restaurant is so close to the convention center, though, that if you go while there is a major convention going on, you're almost guaranteed not to get a seat without a prior reservation.Overall the food here was good, hot, and well presented. Our service was pretty decent, but I was genuinely disappointed after hearing all the hype about this place. We ordered several things off of the menu, the boudin balls were the best thing on our table - much better than the fried alligator and the fried oysters. The atmosphere of the restaurant is really cool- gentleman, a neat place to take your girl on a date, but if you are just looking for traditional Cajun/creole food I suggest going somewhere else.So we ate here twice on our trip, the main reason being that this is one of the only restaurants that stays open from lunch thru dinner .  I don't eat oysters, but the wood fired oysters here were really good.  My BF got them both times! I had smothered greens (eh), mac and cheese (very good), shrimp and deviled egg gumbo (which is gumbo with a deviled egg in it... not a mixture!) that was on point, and he had pork cheek (that he said was good but not great) and short ribs (that were good enough for me to sneak more than one bite).  Definitely worth a visit if you're around.Went to Cochon for an early dinner last Friday night, and was impressed with the food menu as well as what they had available as wines by the glass. We ate pork cheeks ( so delicious....we kinda licked the plate...), delicious smoked ribs, crawfish pie, cochon turine....so good! We then went next door and bought a few great cuts from the butcher shop which we'll be shipping to friends in NYC. This place is a definite must in NOLA.We live in the neighborhood and have been customers since they opened. It's great to go during the afternoon on a Saturday when the crowd and noise level are at a minimum. The roasted oysters are as good as they come. We also enjoy the small vegetable plates since we are not big swine or game fans.Since the hurricane, we've noticed the wait staff has taken on the image of "aloof, hipster" but the food makes up for the pretentious servers. Just overlook the major 'tude and enjoy. We always take visitors here.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Can't go wrong here! We tried the boudin balls, wood-fired oysters, and fried alligator for appetizers. All very good--the fried alligator was my favorite. I had the rabbit stuffed with boudin and wrapped in bacon. WOW! I was skeptical of having rabbit, but it was fantastic. Service was great! I do recommend getting a reservation for dinner. Wait time was a little long, but that was our fault. Great restaurant!Ate lunch here today - awesome!!! Split the gator, pork cheeks, & chargrilled oysters-a fabulous sampling of amazing flavors!!!  Would recommend this restaurant to everyone!We really wanted a place we could eat while sitting on the sidewalk, and that's why we chose Cochon.  The menu is small, but inventive.  If you are looking for something different, this is the place for you.  Plan on spending a little time waiting for it, because it is fresh, but enjoy the view while you wait.Food is amazing, prices are ok! We had the fried alligator, oysters, snow crab and mac and cheese and they were amazing! We are not big fans of this type of dishes but these were delicious. We were offered to sit in front of the kitchen and since we accepted we got the oysters for free. Try the Cheerwine yum..I love this place.  First, the atmosphere is really great.  Good for dates or groups.  Second, the wait staff was extremely attentive.  And then there is the food.  Wonderful.  The sauce the fried alligator came in is amazing.  And the pork cheeks where moist and delicious.  If you are in Nola and want real Cajun food with a twist, go to Cochon or Boucherie.  Those were my two favorite for dinner.I have pretty mixed feelings about this place. To start I waited for 45 min. for a seat at the bar which I didn't really mind but the clueless hostess told me she was going to seat me at the chef's counter and never did, so others got to come in and clam seats before I got one.         When I finally got a seat I ordered one of the interesting beers they have on tap Tin Roof I think it's called this was pretty good. I started of with a boucherie plate because I wanted to try some of the name sake offerings. Everything on this offering was good but surprisingly the hog head cheese was the best I ever had anywhere, perfect in seasoning and texture. The house rolls are also incredible soft bottoms and buttery crispy tops. Then keeping to the name sake offerings I then ordered the La cochon de lait. This is a very different take on slow roasted pork. It seems they roast the pork to fork tender then shred, reseason, roll into a ball, then lightly bread and deep fry it. This was interesting but not what I was expecting. The dish also came with cabbage which was good and some non- existent fried turnip cubes and pork rinds. This wasn't a great trip but I would like to go back to try some other dishes and the place has a lot of great reviews.This was a new addition to the annual Jazz Fest trip. The group has a lot of big foodies with a great - I mean bad - habit of over-ordering and sharing everything. The pork cheeks were out of this world, melting on the fork with a great balance of flavors, although the side of cracklins we ordered were underwhelming. The flight of moonshine was a fun addition too, although at 1pm that can be dangerous. Definitely go.I wanted to try everyone of the small plates they offer.  The fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast was ridonkulous!I wish there were a 4.5 star rating.My wife had the rabbit dumplings which she LOVED.   I went with a combination of small plates.  The ribs with watermelon rind pickles?  Amazing.  The butcher's plate?  Not bad.  the dried meats were outstanding and some of the best charcuterie I have had, the head cheese (which I normally will not eat) was good, but there was a cup of some bland pork spread that left a lot to be desired.  The pickles were great.  Then I had the plate that made the meal.  The braised pork cheeks.  The entire dish?  Tender, savory perfection.  Really amazing.Service was helpful and attentive.  A little bit of a wait for the food, but not so long it ruined the meal.If the butchers plate had more dried meats (the portions were a little small) and they skipped the paste, and the food was out faster it would be five stars.A satisfied palate everytime!   Get the Louisiana Cochon and the mac-n-cheese.Really great food.  Wonderful quality and delicious.  My only knock is that I felt like it was similar to other top quality restaurants in other cities.  I could have easily been in a great restaurant in Chicago or DC.  It's being picky but if you're looking for something that is uniquely New Orleans then I don't think this is it.Pork. Flavor.Clever.            Repeat.The visit came after a brief walk from the edge of the French Quarter - through the warehouse district that is destined to become "the next big thing" and led by places like Cochon.  This is a professional restaurant, well-crafted from the cocktail creations to the small plates and right through to the heart of things.  Chicken hearts, stuffed pigs feet, alligator all show up on the menu in ways that are beckoning you to color outside your food comfort zone.  It's OK because remember - this is a professional restaurant.A last-meal-on-this-visit would not be complete with out oysters and the wood roasted variety on the Cochon menu did not disappoint.  Follow them up with and order of pork cheeks and you're on your way to flavortown.  A decadent sweet potato mash with hog jowls topped with candied nuts was channeling the whole concept of autumn in one dish.But the namesake was incredible - Lousiana cochon - cooked down, shredded and griddled in a cake form.   Cabbage and a uber-crispy crackling worked its umami magic atop this wonderful entrée.Cocktails?  Plenty of creativity to select from but the St John's Bayou (Catdaddy Moonshine, local NO dark rum, fig bitters and OJ) rocked my world. Handle this one with care!  There's even Frenet Branca for those who've over-porked themselves and need a digestif.Table tending team of Mike and Mike was great -asking the order we'd like to have the dishes presented, keeping a watchful eye on the table and enjoying our questioning of local ingredients and preparation techniques.  Professional service.I think that when a restaurant puts forth a menu that challenges you to choose among so much of what you'd like to try, it deserves accolades.  Professional restaurants do this from start to finish and Cochon was no exception.  Get your pork on, have a cocktail, enjoy the staff and let the meal take you to a place few get to go.Phenomenal.  We started with the charcuterie plate, which was all local butchered meats, and the cheese plate. Great way to start. Followed by the daily special small plate which was a light shrimp pasta dish, but almost in the style of a Japanese noodle soup. It was amazingly fresh, with hints of lemon and basil. Then we had the fried oyster and bacon sandwich with sides of pork ribs and mac and cheese. The sandwich was killer, but I could get over how good the ribs were. Probably the best ribs I've ever ordered. The mac and cheese was equally amazing. No room for dessert, unfortunately. I highly, highly recommend-but it's though to get reservations so make sure to book a month in advance.From the complimentary bread to the lima beans and mac and cheese, the food is so good.I created a Yelp account solely to leave a review for this place if that tells you anything.  Was here last Memorial Day weekend on a trip to New Orleans with another couple.  WORST SERVICE I'VE EVER HAD AT A RESTAURANT.  The four of us sat at the bar before our table was ready, bartenders generally ignored the patrons, each of us had to ask the bartenders to order a drink.  When we sat down to eat they were out of one of the main pork dishes on the menu, I was disappointed but understand it happens - what I wasn't so understanding about was how the server told me about the 86'ed menu item "what do you expect, we are one of the hottest restaurants in town".  In a normal dining setting most servers are very gracious and apologetic and are quick to recommend another menu dish they think you will enjoy.  After we ordered we asked if the server would mind taking a picture of the four of us as the restaurant wasn't that busy, the guy replied with "how about I just go and put your order in instead".  After that pleasantry we were waiting a little bit for our food so the server told us he would bring us some bread.  After 5 minutes without getting the bread we inquired with the server who rolled his eyes and told us it was "still baking in the oven".  Again, another inappropriate thing to say to a guest.  Our food finally arrived and was good, but by that time we just wanted to leave.  We left a 10% tip which I thought was generous and left.  I stopped at the host stand on the way out to tell her about the service, she could not have cared less.I'm sure the Chef/Proprietor worked really hard on this restaurant and would likely be horrified to know how his servers treated us and to learn of their arrogance.  If we hadn't been flying out the next morning I would have made a special trip back to Cochon to speak with someone there because if I was the owner I would have wanted to know about this.FANTASTIC.  Best food I had in New Orleans.  It's in a strange location, but the food is outstanding.  It will be my first stop on my next trip to New Orleans.  Get the ribs....the BBQ sauce is the best I've had in my life.Service, food and drinks were all fantastic!  A lovely spot for lunch and one of the best places we have eaten in all of New Orleans.  Please stay in the French Quarter with the masses... More for me!  I can't wait to return.Delicious! Order lots of small plates - can't go wrong. Everything was deliciousSimply put, this is pig heaven. If you are lucky enough to go when the pork chop is on special get the chop. I've also had the Cochon pork and the rabbit dumplings off the main menu. Awesome. All of it. I will eat here every time I come to NO.My best meal on this most recent trip to New Orleans.  Last year's winner for best chef in the South by the James Beard Foundation, so it was a no-brainer.  Just before I left for New Orleans I also watched the movie "Jeff Who Lives at Home," and part of the story took place at Cochon so that was another, albeit slight, contributing factor to my patronage here.I really wanted some alligator on this trip so the fried alligator with garlic chili aioli was ordered for the appetizer.  It was quite good, a little bit of heat, and nice tender morsels of battered and fried alligator.  For my entree I ordered the oyster and bacon sandwich, based on a recommendation by someone I know very close to the chef, which was pretty phenomenal.  The best fried oysters and nice crispy and savory bacon all between two plain buttered slices of toasted white bread.  Mac and cheese on the menu as a side dish so I had to order it.  Very creamy and rich and really good.  The chocolate cake I had for dessert here was probably the best and most decadent chocolate cake I've ever had in my life and it was a massive portion to boot.  Instead of frosting on the top and outer edge of the slice was a nice thick layer of fudge.  The cake was very rich and moist but to cut into the richness of the cake and fudge, in between the layers of cake, was like a light sour cream mixture that looked like caramel which sounds odd but went so well with the cake which was also topped off with some crumbled nuts.  It was a dessert from the heavens. In terms of spirits, they provide you with a standard bar and cocktail menu but ask for moonshine and you'll get a different drink menu.  Ordered a flight of the flavor-infused moonshine which I really liked.  Some were smoother than others, but one still felt like I was downing a shot of rubbing alcohol.This is the first place I've tried alligator down here in my years of living in New Orlean's. I used to hear all the time that alligator, in the end, tastes just like chicken-and that day I decided to try it. For beginners I had the wood-fired oyster roast and fried alligator with chili garlic aoli, which was a great and satisfying first start-and ribs as my entree which came out to be more than enough for me. What I would like to say about the menu is what the worker there told us. Their menus tend to change on a daily basis and their special's especially which seems fun and exciting since if you were to eat there everyday-which I'm not going to do cause hell I'd be the next one starring on the "biggest loser"-just becomes a surprise to you for taste. What I'd have to say about the restaurant's appearance is.. very warming, although we ate outside, I did get a look on how the inside was and I liked it. Very cabin in the woods and outback like. The wood oven was a nice look, the smell was more satisfying then when walking into a country steakhouse. Very simple, I liked the wooden texture of the place and they have a bar too.Without a doubt, one of the best meals of my recent visit to the Crescent City.  A wonder casual dining establishment with a friendly staff that helps to bring Cajun home cooking to a new level.  I heard of their boucherie plate and it did not disappoint - especially the head cheese and the pork riellettes.Yum!Really?oh my lawd i was in heaven.  i need to preface this review by saying that there are currently two kinds of bacon i my fridge, i own a "drippins" can, as a little girl i used to ride on my granddaddy's shoulders to the corner store for pickled pigs feet, i have eaten both chitlins and hawgs maws and enjoyed it, and have upon occasion even microwaved a package of convenience store pork cracklin's.  scared yet?  oh yeah, and i know of the only grocery store in northern california that sells scrapple.so basically i was in love with cochon before we even met, as i have the gastronal intestinal system of a 90 year old black man.  cochon did not disappoint, not that i'm surprised because chef donald link is a complete badass busting his way back into the city post katrina to bring herbsaint back and get his new baby cochon up and running.i loved everything, from the yeast rolls with the salty butter to the plate of head cheese that melted in you mouth like fois gras, to the sausage and peppers that tasted like the flavors had been marrying for a week, to the louisiana cochon pork topped with my favorite drug store treat "cracklin's' ya'll!do not miss this hopefully longstanding NOLA institution.Cochon is one of my go-to restaurants for out of town visitors. Cochon serves the perfect fusion of updated Southern and Cajun cuisine. There are some staples on the menu, but other dishes change seasonally. Of the current menu items, my favorites are the wood fired oyster roast, fried boudin, rabbit & dumplings, "fisherman style" gulf fish, and the oyster & bacon sandwich. Many of my favorite items are not currently on the menu- I've had great small plates such as rabbit on sweet potato biscuits, pork cheeks, shrimp on sugarcane skewers, dark, rich duck gumbo, and shaved zucchini salad with goat cheese. I think the talents of Chefs Donald Link and Stephen Stryjewski shine through these seasonal items and specials, so keep an eye out for these on the menu. If you want to experience some of the best in Cajun and Southern cooking, check out Cochon.I can't say enough about how awesome this restaurant is!  I'm trying to think of a place to start this review LOL  Forgive me if I get off on a rant :PTo start, make reservations several days in advance.  If you're planning on dining during the weekend, make reservations at least a week in advance.  Maybe even two.  I live in the Cotton Mill so this restaurant is very close to me.  I've eaten here quite often and I'll tell you, ever since this restaurant started showing up garnering rave reviews in New York Magazine, New York Times and various food critic blogs, it's difficult to just walk in and grab a table.  You really need to show up with a reservation already made.  This is one hot spot and it's not unlikely to pass by on the weekend and see a line outside or just inside the door.  Believe me, it's THAT good!Now, on to the food.  In my experience, the menu reads like that of a tapas restaurant.  This is a terrific place to bring a large group of picky eaters or those who simply want to sample everything under the sun.  Prices range from $5-$11 for smaller plates and $15-$25 for the entrée dishes.  If you don't mind my dish suggestions, try the deviled crab with butter crackers, fried alligator with chili-garlic aioli, fried boudin with pickled peppers, spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickles and the andouille gumbo.  I've been eating at this restaurant for about 3 or 4 years now on a regular basis and haven't tried the main entrée dishes yet LOL  The small dishes are so great and change on a regular basis so you're always able to try something new.  However, those small plates I listed are always there.  The food is always fresh and comes out expertly prepared.  It's not uncommon to see the head chef, Donald Link, in the kitchen preparing the goodness.  He also owns Herbsaint on St. Charles Ave., for those looking for a more upscale Creole experience.The staff are attentive, knowledgeable and the food is ALWAYS great.  I mean that.  I've never had anything of poor quality in Cochon.  The only thing I would say could be improved is the table spacing for parties of two.  To accommodate the swarm of people, smaller parties are usually put at the tables on the right side of the restaurant and often, you're sitting quite close to the adjacent table.  It's not a bad experience for those who are outgoing and don't mind getting to know those around you.  However, if you're not of that kind, you may feel a little uncomfortable.  All is usually forgotten once the food arrives, however.In regards to drinks produced from the bar, that menu changes VERY frequently.  The bar staff are always able to create previous menu items, however.  Just ask.  These guys are true mixologists, often taking vintage drink recipes and giving them a modern flare.  They make a killer Old Fashioned.  Don't forget for dessert to request the CatDaddy moonshine!  That's right, folks!  Cochon sells moonshine and man, is it great.  It has a slight hazelnut flavor and burns just the right way going down.  It sure is great stuff!All in all, this is a superb restaurant for any occasion, whether it be tourists looking for a unique New Orleans dining experience or natives on a quest for an awesome meal!If you're looking for a slightly fancy, meat-filled meal in NOLA, this is the place to be. Hands down. No pretensions, just great food across the board, wonderful cocktails, and lovely, not-too-hovery-but-always-around service.Well I just recently ate at Cochon two weeks ago and I was disappointed that the hype did not live up to the meal.  I had heard so much about it that I was expecting more. The food was good, but I can think of at least a half dozen other restaurants off the top of my head that would fit the bill too. The atmosphere is great, the parking not so much but it's the warehouse district so why no valet service??? I had chicken and andoullie gumbo, Louisiana Cochon and bread pudding.  It was good, but not great. I would say Tommy's, La Petite Grocery, Brigtsen's, and Gautreau's are all better. Still, Cochon is a solid choice, just not spectacular for me.One of the best eating experiences of my life. Food usually falls under three categories for me, Bad - Good - GreatCochon was GREATWe might have bitten off more than we could chew when ordering but that's what you do when you are on vacationWe began by ordering fried alligator with chili garlic aioli and the charred onion & chile hushpuppies with goat cheese creamNext we ordered smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle to go along with iceberg lettuce with buttermilk dressing, bacon bits & radishes 'cause I'm watching my figureI should and could've quit right there but there were too many things left that I wanted and I wasn't stopping until my pants top button screamed for helpWe had finally gotten to the entrees portion of the menu     If you know me at least a little you know that if you put something between two buns, I will more than likely eat it     The oyster & bacon sandwich was way to interesting to ignore and Yibs thought the cracklins on the louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins were straight from Hialeah styleEverything was amazing and the folks sitting next to us sat there all slack-jawed at our eating display but we weren't doneI had to have the Chocolate Caramel Peanut Brittle Ice Cream bar seemed like a nice way to finish the nightThis was our one fancy night out in New Orleans and thankfully, ArtWalk had built a nice appetite Thanks Tom!See my other rants and raves on Cochon if you want info on anything else. Here I am going to talk pork belly. Simply divine...it was like 'wiping your ass with silk' good. Crispy skin, melt in your mouth layer of fat and a velvety meat layer. Served over greens and white beans. Three of the four diners had it and each one of us licked our plate cleaned. Literally. So delicious. So savory. So damned good!After 2 trips to Butcher, had the pleasure of Cochon a for dinner. Like Lisa K, I actually prefer Cochon Butcher. That said: at Chochon the bar is lovely if small and the bartenders, while super busy, were also very engaging and shared info about the numerous moonshine options available. Dinner was ok-- cuke salad over-vinegared, 2baked potato oddly chili-d, pumpkin tarte over merenged and hard crusted.  Like Butcher, the meat is amazing. Like Butcher, the spices are arrogant, over-boisterous, and not well balanced.  Would I go again? yup. and I'd eat meat.If you love pork, this is the place for you!  Everything we tried was fantastic!The space is nice and manages to look brand spanking new despite having been open for two years.  Prices are completely reasonable, which is nice.  Also?  It smells like bacon.  Or ham.  Or any other pig meat.  Expect to smell a bit like that yourself when you leave.The menu freaks me out a little (my dog eats pigs ears, I don't think I want to) but if you like the pig, the whole pig and nothing but the pig, you'll certainly be in hog heaven.  Oh groan on your own time, that was a good one.The staff is certainly nice enough but seem unaccustomed to shmoozing (or smiling), even after a major flub. Not recommended for a business dinner where actual business is expected to occur in a large group setting; they just don't have the space (or the experience). I tell you this though, I'd eat the hell outta some fried boudin with pickled peppers and a side of twice baked stuffed potato. Damn you southern cooking!!For my particular function they're only getting 2 stars from a planning perspective, as a spot I'd try for a social dinner we'll go with four, bringing our grand total to 3 stars.  If you like a champagne on the sweeter side you'll love the Cochon royale - it has a boozy cherry in it even!!  I did like it, yes thanks for asking, although it did not take away the pain of a poorly laid out table setup, as suggested by management. Nice try guys.It was a Saturday night and our last night in New Orleans.  The girlfriend and I wanted to culminate a great weekend in a great city with a great meal.  Following the advice of savvy locals, we decided to go to Cochon.  As an aside, I've been told by a friend (Jenn H, this means you) that I slaughter the pronunciation of the word "cochon".  Well, I may not know how to speak French, but I do know good food and Cochon, no matter how you say it, has damn good food!It was prime time and we didn't have reservations.  We were willing to sit at the bar, which had a couple of open seats and were seated immediately.  We started off with a couple of their house original cocktails.  I had the Yellowjacket, a satisfying whiskey-based cocktail.  I wish I remembered everything that was in it, but it was a winner!  The GF had the Orange Whiskey, another solid offering.  For our food choices, we started with the Fried Boudin with pickled peppers and the Fried Alligator with chili garlic aioli appetizers.  The boudin was wonderful, a perfectly fried pork ball.  Savory, meaty, yet surprisingly light.  A great start!  Unfortunately, the fried alligator was a slight misstep.  While nicely fried, leaving the meat tender, I thought it was over-breaded resulting in it falling off of the gator meat onto the plate instead of making it intact into my mouth.  I also felt the gator was over-sauced with the aioli.  Still a tasty offering, but not executed as well as the boudin.  However, our entrees both hit the ball out of the park!  The Louisiana Cochon with turnips, cabbage and cracklins was a pork tour de force.  Imagine a pan-fried (?) crab cake, but make it with a tender, spicy, and flavorful pulled-pork, and you have the Louisiana Cochon.  The turnips, cabbage, and cracklins were pleasing accompaniments to the meat.  The girlfriend's Oyster & Bacon Sandwich was so simple in concept and presentation, yet beautiful in its simplicity and flavor.  We perused the dessert menu, saw several promising selections, but we were full after our pig feast.  Tyler persuaded us to give the Catdaddy moonshine (yeah, MOONSHINE) a try as an after dinner digestif.  Truth be told, I was skeptical, but this corn liquor had a subtle sweetness and possessed vanilla, cinnamon, and nutmeg notes.  It was a real surprise and a great finale to an enjoyable meal. In summation, service was 5-stars...food and drink was 4.5-stars, rounding up to 5-stars! Cochon is a must for anyone who loves good food and pig!Ok... I am truly baffled about why this place receives such good reviews. Seriously. Since "Cochon" is French for pig, I was excited to sample some of their porky goodness!First off, the staff is extremely rude, with an "I couldn't be bothered" attitude. Next, the food is simply not delicious or great or even good. It is just fair. Instead of getting a main course, I opted (with high hopes) for the 3 top picks: spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle $10, a side of creamy grits $5, and deviled egg gumbo $6. I also ordered their Swimming Hole cocktail $10 and Pineapple Upside-Down Cake with Coconut-Lime Sherbet (substituted vanilla ice-cream) $7. The best part of my main dining experience was the small pieces of pickled watermelon atop the dry-grilled (emphasis on DRY) ribs. These tasty little cubes were tangy & sweet with just the right texture. The ribs were expectedly not fork-tender (due to the preparation technique on the open grill) BUT, I was expecting them to be teeth-tender! I felt like a barbarian, attempting to render flesh from an unyielding bone! Really! I asked the waitress to exchange the leathery ribs for a more tender batch and she retorted, "these are not meant to be super tender." Got it Lady, but I should still be able to chew them! Anyway, the next batch was definitely a bit less tough but still so so on the tenderness scale. The flavor was decent but not great.The grits were perfectly cooked and had a great, creamy texture but they lacked any substantive flavor. What a shame to be so well prepared yet so bland in flavor. [Editorial Note: The BEST grits in this New Orleans are still at Dante's Kitchen...hands down!]The deviled egg gumbo sounds weird right off the top, but I figured that such an odd pairing must be fabulous. Not. This dish is a big gamble, which ultimately craps out. Separately, neither the deviled egg nor the gumbo was particularly tasty. In combination, it was a train wreck. My cocktail was tasty and helped to pass the time as my mediocre meal was consumed. Surprisingly, the Pineapple Upside-Down Cake was über delicious. I would definitely recommend this dessert, should you have a craving for fluffy, buttery and not overly-sweet pineapple cake.Overall: With so many great places to eat in this town, go elsewhere for polite staff and delicious food. This place missed the mark on so much, and lacks deicious pork fare.First time I went when it had just opened it was really good.  Sorta haute grandma cooking.  Everything was hot, well seasoned and interesting.  Went back a couple of  years later and it's clear that Mr. Link has taken his eye off of the flagship.  Insipid greeters finally took us to our reserved table which took 3 different busboys to level.  Wish I'd had a pack of matches because I could have done it in two seconds.  Waitress was just awful.  Condescending to say the least and ill-prepared for the simplest questions.  My crab cake app was stone cold and she informed me "that that's the way it comes, the chef prefers it warm, not hot" I told her that warm was fine but this is cold.  She clucked her tongue, snatched up the plate and left and that was the last time she came to the table.  From then on through entrees if we wanted anything it was by flagging down busboys or back waiters who brought us our food.  She didn't even bring the check or say goodnight or anything. Very disappointing as it had been so good the first time I went.  There didn't seem to be any management.  The staff just kind of went through their tasks glumly.  Too many good places in town to go back.Good food; nice atmosphere. But, it seemed like a restaurant I would find in San Francisco and I was looking for something more New Orleans.Cochon is about one thing...THE PIG. Now...they do handle the pig and their southern/creole offerings in a modern manner, which provides interest and novelty. The interior is simple and interesting. There is a small bar and a "chef's bar/table" to watch the goings on in the kitchen. While the wine menu is weak, at best, they do have some intriguing southern offerings, like moonshines. Paying homage to picnic tables at BBQ joints, wooden slats create the sleek chairs and bench seating. A simple, large photo of a farm adorns one wall. All of this told me, "it's about the food." Hungry, we ordered the fried okra appetizer and the zucchini salad as starters. Yum, yum, yum. The okra was perfectly cooked and had a vinegar tinged ranch type dipping sauce. The zucchini salad was one of the best salads I've ever tasted in my life. Thin slices of zucchini tossed in a vinaigrette and topped with mint, parsley, pecans, goat cheese and onion. Awesome! For entrees, we ordered the pork belly and the cochon. The cochon was the winner here. The pork belly was good, but not the best I've ever had and not nearly as juicy as it should be. When I think about N.O., I always remember my first pork belly experience at Commander's Palace years ago. This didn't come close. The cochon however, was delicious. Being from North Carolina, shredded pork is BBQ for me. This was an elevated version. The pulled pork is cooked in a skilled to char the "patty."  Paired with turnips, cabbage, apples, greens and cracklings, I spiced it up with the Cochon hot sauce and vinegar in peppers on the table. The hot sauce was so good, we visited "Butcher" the next day to pick up a couple of bottles. As our side, we had the off menu potatoes and figs cooked with lard. OMG...if we had only eaten that Cochon would have 5 stars! Perfectly cooked potatoes and figs with the charred pieces of lard on top. Inventive and divine. For dessert, we had the chicory & chocolate pot de creme with real whipped cream and sprinkles of cayenne pepper! Different, not too sweet, and a perfect end to the meal. My friend ordered a Catdaddy moonshine to end the evening. It smelled and tasted like a cake donut. So interesting. For southern food in a modern environment, head to Cochon. I would recommend reservations on a weekend evening and the service was fairly slow.Busy place, but service was impeccable. This is a well oiled machine with very friendly and professional parts. Great drinks, nice wine list, but it's the food we will go back for...and oh, that food! I had the amazing fish special and he had the perfect pork, with a side of the best collards we've ever eaten. Can't wait to go back!EXCELLENT SERVICE - DELICIOUS FOOD - FUN. Cochon is inventive and refreshing. Someone has obsessed over every aspect of this restaurant, and it shows. Highly recommended.I needed some time to digest my meal and overall experience at Cochon before I could write about it.  Eating at Cochon for the first time was like the first time I listened to Jay-Z's Blueprint; both having profound effects on my emotions, senses and the way I look at food/music.  Cochon takes Southern comfort food and Cajun cuisine to a new level just as Hova did for hip hop in the aughts. Jay-Z used the Blueprint to do three things; solidify his spot at the time as a top 5 rapper (dead or alive), introduce the world to Kanye West and create one of the best rap beefs of all time.  I used Cochon to prove three things as well; New Orleans is a bada** food city, modern upscale barbeque exists and I am addicted to the swine!  Now let's talk about the food; excuse me as I shift my pants.  The spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle was Cochon's H to that Izzo, V to the Izzay, for shizzle these ribs were incredible and would have a mass appeal to everyone who comes to Cochon just like Jay's Jackson 5 sampled pop smash.  Jay's battle track "Takeover" is the pork cheeks with baked peanuts.  The dish may be sound a little rough at first but just like the Jim Morrison sample, if braised and cooked for a long time, it becomes super tender and unbelievably enjoyable... ROC, we runnin' this rap sh*t!  Just like the songs from middle section of the Blueprint record, everything that came out of the kitchen next was straight fire as if Dy-lan himself had spit it.  The fried head cheese, homemade boucherie plate, boudin balls were all excellent and could all be easily featured as a compilation or mixtape (if you will) of the best individual items I ate in New Orleans just as "Hola Hovito", "Girls, Girls, Girls," and "Jigga that N*gga," each achieve the same goal for the Blueprint.Jay then switches the album into his version of a love song with "Song Cry."  This part of the meal was definitely the beef brisket with horseradish potato salad that was so painstakingly good, I think I finally understand the meaning of true love lost now that I can't have it again (unless of course I head back to New Orleans).  The spicy kick from the potatoes were a perfect match with the savory and tender goodness from the brisket.   Like Jay said "But once a good [briskets] gone bad, she's gone forever." And just when you think things can't get any better, a slow sensation starts to creep into your soul just like Eminem and Jay-Z trading flawlessly constructed verses on "Renegade" with effortless rhythm and cadence.  Cochon sent a blitzkrieg of porky perfection straight to the center of my heart and taste buds with the appropriately named signature dish, the Louisiana cochon.  This is the perfect pork dish and it is a good thing we ordered two for the table.  Unlike on "Renegade" where Marshall Mathers outshines Jay, the crispy pork rinds were an amazing accompaniment they but couldn't compete with the feature item. Cochon shines as the best restaurant in New Orleans just as Blueprint crushed all rap competitor in the "aughts."  I am already planning my return!Best Thing on the Menu:  EVERYTHING, Cochon, Brisket, Ribs, Fried Head CheeseWaste of Time: Every other restaurant in New OrleansPerfect For: Life Altering Dining, MeatfestWaited half an hour for a table at lunch on a weekday.  Perhaps it was because we went during the water scare, so they weren't serving soda (was really craving a diet coke), but I didn't love it.I found the food a little too rich for my tastes.Fried alligator was good, but I wasn't in love.Service was really slow.Next time I'm in New Orleans, I likely will be trying elsewhere.I was a little disappointed, to be honest.Cochon both exceeded my expectations and completely let me down all at the same time. Three stars because the food was absolutely exquisite, no doubt about it. The overall experience, however, left a lot to be desired.Came for an early lunch to beat the crowd with a good friend and her chef husband who were visiting from out of town. We were one of only three tables that were seated, but the service was incredibly slow. And the servers (we had two) could have definitely used some improved in the attitude department. Seriously. My friend ordered a domestic beer got one of the most condescending looks I've ever seen. But, we persevered. (Note: The beer was finished long before the food finally came out and no one ever offered to bring another the entire meal. Not cool.)I ordered the pork ribs and mac and cheese casserole. And, alas, they were out of the ribs. I was told that the only ones they had were still frozen and it would take too long to thaw and cook. Frozen? Really? Ok, so I decided to get the brisket. But I really, really had my mouth set on that mac and cheese, so I asked if I could substitute it for the potato salad since they didn't have what I wanted available. You would have thought I asked them to bring me a piece of the moon. I totally get that all of the entrees are specifically crafted to specifically go together and all of that, I really do... but when you have as small of a menu as Cochon does and you're out of something, I really feel like making the customer happy should be more of a priority. Also, if you're so set on not messing with the offerings, then why do you have salt, pepper and hot sauce sitting out on the table? Just saying.Like I said, the food was freaking fantastic. It really, really was. My friend got the boucherie plate and a salad, her husband got the rabbit and dumplings and we got the fried alligator to share. I cannot stress enough how good it was. But, for me, the food is only a part of the picture when dining out, especially when I'm shelling out $40 for lunch. I'd like to go back and have some more of that fantastic food. But, I seriously doubt I'll ever return. I'm glad I went once, but there are too many other really, good places that will treat me like they actually appreciate my business to go through that again.Excellent food & atmosphere!  We were here around 2 on a Saturday and had about a 20 minute wait.  It was WELL worth it!Must trys:  Mac & Cheese:  I don't know what they do to this stuff, but I've never had anything like it in my life!  Delish!Fried Alligator:  husband & daughter loved it!!Oysters:  Delicious!Go if you are in NOLA, you will not regret it!overpriced, overhyped, ridiculous expensive. they call it creole, its just home cooked asian fare (not to be confused with asian american general tso type).Hands down some of the best food I have EVER EVER had and I am a damn stuck up bitch when it comes to good eats, it was everything I could have asked for.  Great service, amazing/strong drinks, and delish food!! I The alligator was to die for, my pork cheek was like God kissed me, and I even sampled a little bit of headcheese.......go go go GO!I visited NOLA a few weeks ago. This was my first time to New Orleans. While down there, I had the opportunity to visit some very well-known eateries. One of them was Cochon. A high priced, over-hyped fry kitchen. First, let me say that I expect a specific kind of elegance and complexity in my food when I visit a high class restaurant. If I want to eat a shrimp po-boy or a bucket of fried stuff I will go to a fry kitchen where I can eat all the lard I want for pennies on the dollar. Why would I do this instead of eat at a high class fry kitchen? Well it's simple. If something is coated in oil and fried, it pretty much tastes the same as anything else. You taste grease and burnt *whatever was fried*. It's not a sophisticated flavor. Certainly not one that warrants a $15 price tag for something no bigger than two quarters placed next to each other. I'm not going to say I'm a sophisticated diner. I don't have an amazing palette, I can't tell the difference between an oyster fried in ultra refined and purified butter mixed with the glandular oils from a peacock and an oyster fried in pan drippings from a chicken leg; and that's really my point. If you can't tell the difference why pay for the difference? That was really the theme of my meal. Why am I paying for this? I honestly can't tell the difference.... Maybe I'm a dimwit for not understanding, but I just didn't see the point. I ordered several items from the menu, 4 appetizers an entree and a dessert. The appetizers were pork ribs (mediocre), pork cheek (indiscernible from a tender roast), oysters (blah), and a stuffing type dish that I have forgotten. The entree was a roast with a horseradish mash of some kind (all extremely salty -- I think NOLA residents really like salt). For dessert I ordered a peach turnover -- it was disgusting. Food: 2/5Cochon is a very nicely designed restaurant. It has a very upscale vibe to it. The settings however are reminiscent to a commercialized restaurant, though I think the dim lighting causes many visitors to overlook this fact. I personally did not. I think that really is the illusion here. The hype and name results in patrons believing their food is better than it actually is. I know for a fact that I have had meals that were better than this. The difference is that when I or someone else pays a 3 digit bill for themselves, you begin to think that the restaurant must have amazing tasting food, and your brain actually causes this to be reality. I like to call it food placebo. Certainly the food isn't bad, but should I be paying top dollar for it?  Then what am I paying for, the atmosphere? Nope. I didn't see a band playing the evening I went. I didn't see anything in fact. Just a packed restaurant with people clamoring to get into the "scene." If one person says it's good, nobody will argue. Nobody wants to be seen as the person who "has no sense of taste," but Cochon is not tasteful. It's a hype train gone wild.Atmosphere: 3/5This place is so ridiculously expensive, it's stupid. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem dropping mad dough for an experience. I spend like a leaky faucet in a flood; however, I don't see the point in paying more than something is worth. The majority of Cochon's dishes are worth (in flavor) $5.50; however, it charges a 200% premium minimum on its dishes and serves such meager portions that you'll be wondering where the server dropped the remainder of your food and when he'll be admitting this to you. Cochon is a place you go to take the in-laws when they're visiting, your girlfriend when she's mad at you, or your parents when they come for your graduation. It is not a place you go to eat and feel satisfied.Value: 1/5The service at Cochon was adequate. The waiter came to our table 3 times over the course of 1.5 hours. Enough? Not quite. Was it busy? Certainly, but when I pay over $100 for my meal and give a $30 tip, I expect better service. Service: 3/5Cochon is such a waste of time. It really made me angry to find that a place so beloved by so many celebrity chefs was so awful. I just didn't understand it. I will NEVER go back to Cochon, EVER. I was appalled. Feel free to go if you would like, but be aware that you are not in for a culinary adventure, just a trip to fry town down Salty-Greasy Boulevard with toll booths at every block. Enjoy.We went here based on a recommendation from a friend and after watching Anthony Bourdain's Layover show.  I had to make reservations a few weeks in advance just to get a table for a late lunch--couldn't get a reservation on Open Table, but actually got one by emailing Cochon from their website.  It is rare that a place lives up to rave reviews, but this place exceeded anything I could expect.  The service was great.  We had the wood-fired oyster roast, crawfish and green tomato casserole, macaroni and cheese, pork cheek terrine and the Lousiana cochan--all of which were out of this world!  The crawfish and green tomato casserole was my favorite thing I ate the entire weekend in New Orleans!  The menu was very reasonably priced for such amazingly tasty food and wonderful ambiance.  Will definately look forward to going back again.This was my first dinner on my first night in New Orleans.  I have to say, it set the bar high.We had an earlier reservation and, luckily, there was a table outside.  Inside was like a zoo.  Our waitstaff was friendly and engaging and we were tended to well.  They have some great drinks, although I was disappointed to find only a few exciting wines by the glass.  For appetizers, we ordered the fried alligator in chili aioli and the boudin.  The alligator was good, but a little bland and muddled flavors.  The boudin, however, was amazing.  The flavors popped and the mustard that accompanied it was absolutely perfect.For our entrees, my sister had the brisket with horseradish potatoes. The potatoes were excellent, but she complained of the meat being excessively salty.  My parents were both very pleased with their meals--my dad raved about the catfish and the one bite I had was amazing.  My dish, however, was just okay.  I had the rabbit and dumplings and was pretty disappointed.  The rabbit was cooked well and was tender, but the sauce was gluey and one-dimensional and the dumplings were more like bread clumps stuffed in the dish.  We had the strawberry shortcake for dessert, which was good, although nothing phenomenal.Despite some shortcomings, I had a great time here, overall.  The atmosphere is fun and casual, yet you know you're getting quality food with lots of thought behind it.  Next time I'm in town, I'm heading back.I really hate to do this. Cochon's food is very good and I've enjoyed eating there a few times, but an experience last weekend has prompted me to give this low rating. We were entertaining out of town guests last weekend and went to Cochon for some post-parade dinner.  The alligator appetizer was delicious and we were enjoying our drinks as well. We ordered the ham hock, which came to us covered in organic greens. I noticed that something was moving on the greens. A SMALL GREEN WORM WAS WIGGLING AROUND ON OUR FOOD! Now, I understand that they were busy that night (it is Mardi Gras, afterall) and no doubt the chefs were really churning it out., but this was so unappetizing and repellent that I pretty much lost my appetite. To top it off, we sat there for a full 10 minutes watching the thing squirm around our food before we were able to flag down a server. They were busy but when a waitress notices four people sitting at a table with a look of utter disgust on their faces, she needs to swing by and see what is up. We finally flagged down a waiter and he he swooped this off our table with a brief excuse about "You know, those organic greens". I realize this is a valid statement but c'mon, if I am served a bug on my food I need more of an apology from the waiter than a shrug. They brought out a new ham dish for us, which was good, but it was hard to eat after seeing such a disgusting image. I expected after that, that they would have comped the dish, sent out a free round of drinks or dessert or something to make amends, but when the bill arrived, they had charged us for the dish that had a worm., along with everything else. When a restaurant makes a mistake like this they NEED to make amends. Cochon is not cheap and it is not a little hole-in-the-wall taqueria. This is a finer dining establishment and in this case, I was not satisfied with their apology for serving me a writhing invertebrate.    I have one other criticism: Last year, my business partner and I hosted a work dinner for about 12. When making the reservation, I told the hostess that this was an important work dinner and it would be nice if we had a good table for our party. They sat us right near the front door in Feb, which blasted freezing air every few minutes. We dropped about $800 at that dinner while our colleagues shivered through the whole meal. For a big important party like that, it would have been nice if they'd done more to accommodate us.The highlight of our trip to New Orleans.  Such imaginative dishes.  This is a foodies dream.  It's one of those places that you'd try anything because you know they'll do it right.Have been dying to check this place and was really impressed. My date and I split the special, which was a pork chop with rinds over mashed sweet potatoes and collard greens. We also got the rabbit livers, the fried alligator w/ chili aioli sauce, and the fried hog's head cheese. The pork chop was so tender and flavorful and the rinds were a crispy phenomenon. I was surprised by the rabbit livers, they were actually pretty good and not to liverish tasting but the best was the fried alligator hands down. I love gator and have tried it all over the city and state. Cochon's was the best I have ever had and it was not too tough at all. The sauce really brought out the flavor. This place is a must if you are in the NOLA.I am supposed to save something special for that 100th review, so I hear.  This is a review I have been holding off on because it is my favorite sit down restaurant in the city, so how do you do it justice with the written word?I have been going here since the week it opened, right around the corner from the latest hotel I was calling home after the storm.  From swapping war stories at the bar with the owner and his wife to coming here for my birthdays, I have never been disappointed with the service, food...or drink.I'm a sucker for their horseradish potato salad, which accompanies the beef brisket, and their gumbo.  The smoked brisket is so tender that you can leave the knife on the table.  The oven-roasted gulf fish "fisherman's style" is a light and delicate choice if you're not all that in to meat (a concept totally foreign to me.)  I have also more recently enjoyed the mustard crusted ham hock and the cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins.  You can taste how long everything has been stewing and cooking, because everything is so packed with developed flavors.  And if you like that, don't miss the St. Andrews Day festival every November(Guess who's cooking all that phenomenal Polish food!  nolabulls.com/saintAndre…)  A nice alternative to a salad is the cucumbers and herbs in vinegar.  If you're anti-salad, how can you go wrong with a gooey dish of mac 'n cheese!  I wish they'd make this orange and coffee ice cream I had there once, but the chocolate cake is always a sure ticket to heaven!  They have good cocktails, and they even serve moonshine!You really have to admire a place that has the whole hog delivered, and that actually butchers, prepares, and uses it all.  It just has an atmosphere that I'd call fancy casual.  There really is just no place like it.Holy deliciousness Batman! We got lucky and scored outside seats on a Friday night. Our fun waitstaff delivered the goods, including pig cheeks with mushrooms and grits, roasted shrimp with hog jowls, and cream of garlic soup. And that was just the beginning! We then moved on to redfish, lima beans, more grits, smoked pork ribs, cucumber salad, and rabbit and dumplings. Everything was just great, and totally hit the right note between inventiveness and comfort food.The food here is phenomenal. I was hesitant to try the alligator but wow, were they delicious. probably the best thing on the table. I got to try rabbit for the first time, presented to us in a pot pie. Delicious. We also had the boudin (sp) balls which were pretty interesting but delicious none the less. Nice atmosphere and staff.Alligator was fantastic. Nice service.As much rave this place gets, I expected more. The food was okay. I went with my other two girlfriends and we ordered alot of different things on the menu. Nothing was that great, for the ridiculious prices. The service SUCKED. It wasn't even busy but our waitstaff was no where to be found when we needed her. Overall, if you want to waste money for not so great food, and bad service.. this is your spot.okay, so really...this is the best food ive ever eaten. hands down. no doubt. 100%. sorry farina, youve gotten bumped.i had the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad and just let me say...im not a fan of potato salad generally, but it was so so so so good. for reals.they also have an amazing selection of whiskeys and bourbons (high-five) and the desserts looked great even though we didnt have any.so, go there if you go to NOLA. do it. and make reservations beforehand.also, if they could please open up a spot like right near my place in SF, that would be amazing. thanks.A truly outrageous experience. I can't say enough about the food or the service! Unable to get a table I opted for dinner at the bar. It doesn't matter where you sit, it's a foodie experience that you're after.  A must have for me was the pork cheek appetizer, best I've ever had. Fully knowledgeable & helpful wait staff. If I could, I'd give it six stars.Oh Cochon, now that you are famous you have raised your prices and forgotten how to try. I was blown away by you a few years ago but not this time. You made me take 4:30 (what appeared to be the only open reservation on open table) and then the place wasn't even full at 5:30 when we left! The waiter chose not to tell us the specials and the food was good but nothing as special as it should have been for the price. Try harder or else Butcher is going to steal all your local clients. You have become a home for tourists not foodies.Pork, many, many ways. Had pretty much the whole menu and I must say it is amazing. Ham hock, my favorite, an amazing wine list as well. This place is wonderful, everything is a win.We went here twice during our two week stay in New Orleans! We also went to the Butcher next door associated with this restaurant, also delicious! We tried a lot of different restaurants during our stay and all we could really think about was this place every day. In fact, when we did eat at other places, we felt like we were cheating on Cochon with a bad mistress! Nothing conpared! This is my FAVORITE restaurant in NO hands down! I don't think there is one thing on their menu that wouldn't taste good. Have the beef brisket, their potato salad is KILLER and their peanut butter pie is something I will be craving for a long time now that I'm back home in California! Great restaurant!This was our best dinner during our 1-week vacation. At first we thought we got lost when we were walking to the restaurant, but the big neon cross was like a beacon of gluttony. My husband and I shared 6-7 small plates (it was Thanksgiving eve so we splurged) and they were all excellent. Our server was very helpful because I can't eat pork, and she didn't judge us when we kept ordering more and more items. Just because they worship pigs doesn't mean vegetarian should stay away. Most of the items I ordered were vegetable-focused, and produce gets equal attention here.Three and a half stars for a wonderful local bistro in a city of extraordinary world class chefs. Had several small plates and the wonderful pork. We would frequent this spot often if we lived in NOLA. Great value for food from a passionate crew.Great tasting food. however, got the impression some things were pre made a while before being served. Flavors were good and quite creative dishes. Service was quite good.Tried Cochon again just to be fair. the service was worse if possible. and the food had to be sent back as it was stone cold. My pork was fatty and underseasoned.  The sides were fine at least.  Our waitress seemed a bit overwhelmed and quite disinterested.  I gave this place a fair shake, I will not be back.Eh. For all the hype I've heard, I wasn't overly impressed with the food. Decent, but not quite there yet. Lots of potential...I'll go back another time in the future and see if maybe it was just an off day.amazing!!! not one bad dish!!! Staff was perfect with the service and recomendations. First time in Nola and this was the best place yet.Well, it doesn't take a biologist to figure out the theme of this restaurant - "Cochon" is French for "pig," and upon entry, you can see paintings and t-shirts boasting the same motif.  The atmosphere is hip but humble, a good place for a mid-twenties birthday party, a casual date, or in our case, dinner for a family of five riding in from the airport in airport clothes.  The place gets busy, so make reservations to be safe.  Service is friendly and casual, a good match for the ambience.The menu is adventurous and interesting, and we tried a few things we'd never tried before.  Even so, the overall presentation was homey and unpretentious.  The food wasn't mind-blowing, but it was pretty good.The bread was of the soft tear-apart variety, much like Hawaiian bread, but with a great, salty, yeasty flavor.  For our appetizers we ordered the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, the fried pig ears with cane syrup mustard, the wood-fired oyster roast, and a hen and andouille gumbo.  Alligator was a first for all of us, and while I was happy to check that off my list, I wasn't terribly impressed.  It really did taste like tough chicken, and the aioli overwhelmed the already artery-clogging dish with mayo.  The pig ears, another first, were much better.  They were surprisingly tender, and I enjoyed the fry-like presentation in a paper cone with yummy mustard sauce.  The oyster roast was great, very flavorful with good texture.  I love raw oysters, but these were different and not inferior.  The gumbo was good, though certainly not the best of our trip.  It was very salty with a dark roux.For our entrees, we tried the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad, the Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, and cracklins, the ham hock with sweet potatoes, pickled greens, and black eyed peas with ham broth, the rabbit and dumplings, and a deep-fried soft-shelled crab special.  We also got a side of creamy grits.  The ham hock was the clear winner with flavorful meat accompanied by creamy sweet potato and a nice tang from the pickled greens.  The cochon, in comparison, lacked juiciness.  The rabbit and dumplings came in a lovely, comforting stew, and the dumplings became progressively more toothsome as they soaked in the liquid.  The beef brisket was disappointing - the potatoes were cold and tasted like potato salad from a plastic tub.  The worst of the bunch was the soft-shelled crab.  It was enormously greasy, and all the succulence of crab got deep-fried into oblivion.  The grits were tasty, though the near-full plate at the end of our meal meant we had all decided they weren't worth the calories.We weren't particularly impressed by the entrees, but we decided to indulge in dessert with good results.  Don't waste your time with the root bear float, which you can literally duplicate at home, but the peach cobbler with creme fraiche ice cream hits all the right notes.  The creme fraiche ice cream actually managed to convey the sweet tang of creme fraiche, a feat that I have seen attempted and failed on various occasions, and it elevated this rustic dessert with a trendy twist.  The cobbler was presented with gooey-soft sliced peaches and crumbly buttery biscuits on top.  It took restraint not to lick the bowl.  The homemade strawberry fig ice cream was also good, if a bit icy and not on the same level as the cobbler.After trying the better half of the Cochon menu, I can say that I enjoyed myself and tried several new things, but that the wow factor was missing from most of the dishes.  Still, it was a good time and I would recommend the place to those in search of a little novelty.Had a lovely brunch here. The food was very, very good. The pastries were delicious, but my favorite dish was definitely this toast thing with smoked salmon and other goodies. There was also some great egg dishes. I really want to come back and try this place out for dinner.Absolutely FANTASTIC!!  Cochon was everything I expected and more.  I came with a friend last weekend for lunch, and it was simply incredible.  The flavors that the food emanated was amazing, and it easily became one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA.  If you're looking for good quality food that reflects the flavors of New Orleans, Cochon is it!  My friend and I decided to get 2 small plates, a plate from the boucherie section, and an entree and shared everything.  I definitely recommend getting a bunch of small plates and sharing because an entire entree for one person can be a bit filling.  The menu is great for big groups who want to share many different dishes.  If you're like me and want to try as many dishes as possible, then you'll want to order multiple small plates to share.  The two small plates we ordered were Yelp favorites: the wood-fired oyster roast and the fried alligator with garlic chili aioli.  These two dishes were my absolute FAVORITE of everything we had there.  Like everything at Cochon, these dishes were exploding with flavor and awesomeness!  Goodness I want some more thinking about it!The dish we ordered from the boucherie was the fried boudin with pickled peppers!  This just might have been the best boudin I've ever had, so far at least.  I've had boudin from both the restaurants Boucherie and Cochon Butcher (Cochon's sister sandwich shop next door), and I must say the fried boudin from here was more flavorful and yummy. (And the boudin from those two restaurants are pretty darn good too!)  I loved the pickled peppers the fried boudin came with!The entree we tried was the smoked ham hock with red beans and rice salad.  My friend and I was debating on whether to get the much suggested beef brisket or the ham hock, so we decided to ask our server.  She told us that we would be able to find a good brisket in plenty of places in the city, and the ham hock they served was different at Cochon so we decided with the ham hock.  The dish was magnificent and huge!  We could not finish it!  It was good, but I wish it was more flavorful like the previous dishes we ate.  It's great for those who like the smoked taste, but I think I'll try the brisket next time around.Now my favorite part: DESSERT OF COURSE!  Cochon offered a number of desserts I wanted to try but of course I couldn't try it all at one time.  I was most interested in the apple pie, hummingbird cake, and the pineapple upside down cake.  My friend is allergic to nuts so we couldn't get the hummingbird cake because it contained pecans.  We decided to try both the pineapple upside down cake and the apple pie.  Both were decadent and delicious, but I did like the apple pie more!  The sour cream ice cream that came with the apple pie complemented it so perfectly!  I know sour cream ice cream sounds weird, but it was awesome!  The other dessert came with a coconut sorbet and it too complemented the cake well.The service was also incredible.  The food came out SOOO FAST!  Like really, lightning speed!  Our server was very informative about the menu and catered to us fabulously.  Great experience I must say.  The decor of the restaurant was surprisingly very casual.  For some reason I was expecting it to look much mroe fancy than it actually is.  The restaurant tables and booths are made of wood, which gives it a very casual feel.Cochon was just absolutely FAB!  I can't wait to come back to try the rest of the dishes (and some of the same).  All of their food has sooo much flavor, and that's what I look for in everything I eat, that AMAZING NOLA FLAVAAAAA!My rating on this was solely based on the quality of the food...which was great. Especially the wood-fired oysters and alligator but service did not match the quality of food. Inconsistent greeting from table to table, waiter never checked on us during the meal and then went MIA so we had to ask the hostess who our waiter was and for the check...table beside us went through two rounds of drinks before getting their meals.I visited France in august and this meal was comparable to those in france, no word of lie! We had the crawfish & green tomatoe casserole, Wood fired oyster roast & Sautéed shrimp for apps. The drinks were good with the normal amount of alcohol which is nice. The service was spot on! Onion beef braised shoulder Was out of this world! We finished it off with peanut butter cake! Deeeelish! The atmosphere was cool, perfect mix of dressed up & casual folks. The bathrooms are clean too. Thumps waaaay up!Meh.  Seemed ok- Coming from SF, II think I had an inflated sense of what to expect here... But it IS New Orleans, and it is a place named after my favorite food source!  We went back in spring so they may have spruced it up, but we came away with a just average feel...  GREAT BAR!!!!I really wanted to like this place, especially since seeing owner Stephen in Anthony Bourdain''s moving episode on New Orleans. However, the food was at best mediocre, and the service was sullen/We ordered the wood fired oven oysters (5) for $11, and that was the highlight of our meal, with little more than chili oil over the oysters. However, there aren't many restaurants in NOLA that can mess up fresh oysters and this was no great feat.Next, our oyster/meat pie was flavorless and oily. Our kale/beet/egg salad was good, and mainly necessary as an acidic counterpart to the heaviness of the Louisiana cochon which--as good as the pulled pork was--is still too heavy to finish as a meal without a tart or acidic sauce, which it desperately lacked.My biggest gripe is the service. We, as a party of 2 were seated at the edgemost table of two against the side of the restaurant. The waiter for the couple next to us felt the need to squeeze himself in the space between our already too-close tables to wait on that couple, and each time his backside would hover over our food. Awful. Isn't the first rule of service is not to hang your backside over someone's food? Despite our various attempts to drop hints, i.e. move our table further out, move our food from that side of the table...he never got the hint, and continued to have his butt hover dangerously close to our dinner.No thanks--better food and service elsewhere.Really loved this place! Runs with precision and the staff is very professional. We sat at the bar that overlooks the kitchen. Normally, being close to the kitchen isn't really a good thing. Not the case here. It's actually fun to watch the wood fire oven and truly professional staff work. The restaurant is exceptionally clean and the service is wonderful. The food was amazing. I loved my dressed up ham hock and of course, as others have said, the gator bites are great. Overall, a wonderful experience!The alligator and oyster appetizers are two of the best things I've ever consumed in my entire life.Mmmmmm. Pig is delicious and this place does it right, as well as taking care in crafting all types of other delights. Believe the hype. (my pal who lives in New Orleans said I had to visit this place, as it is "f*cking awesome!" and she didn't lie). It ain't cheap, but you can save some dollars and try more dishes by just ordering from the small and medium plates section, rather than the $25-$45 entree items (and our meal was still less than at Emeril's restaurant, and we liked cochon a bit better). The pork cheeks were fantastic, as was the brisket served with horse-radish potato salad. Honestly, everything we ordered was yummy. While we didn't order it, our neighbors got the fish special, and it was gorgeous and oh-so-delicate. We didn't have reservations, but were able to find seating at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and very informative. They'd just added an autumn specialty cocktail (the pumpkin vine) including whiskey, and an infused pumpkin syrup that they made in house. It was divine!! Tasted like Thanksgiving, so smooth and warm, and I just wanted to curl up in front of a fireplace and drink gallons of it. ha!Although it's difficult, save room for dessert. They did NOT disappoint. The pineapple upside down cake was corn-meal based and amazing, served with a super tart lime sherbet (my mouth is watering and puckering just thinking about it). My pal had the apple pie (served with sour cream ice cream, but she's less adventurous, so substituted for regular vanilla). She said it was delicious, too. The surprising part was it was an entire mini pie, rather than a slice, which meant there was more crust/less filling ratio, but that's okay. Definitely worth the trip and the cost. And I just love that they butcher their own pigs, and utilize the whole animal. Very cool. The decor is lovely, although a bit overwhelmingly wood-y, with a blond wood (oak) covering EVERYTHING! And strangely, the restroom wasn't heated very much, so that was a bit of a surprise (a bit chilly).  Still, a great evening. Thanks!I went to New Orleans for a conference. I visited this place twice because it was so good. Their cocktail is decent. The bread is wonderful. I tried Wood-fired oyster roast, Louisiana cochon, and rabbit & dumpling. I also had a few bite of oyster & bacon sandwich. Every single piece in every dish was delicious. I feel that they pay attention to detail for their ingredients. Cochon is my favorite restaurant in NOLA so far.The Pig has now been Perfected! This place is amazing, and Donald Link has truely beat the high expectations he set for himself at Herbsaint. Don't miss the Satsuma Mojito in December.There are so many good places to eat in New Orleans. Cochon is good example southern cooking but if you have allergies to certain food like peanuts or other food intolerance. You have to be careful.. The staff was good but everything is fried in soy or peanut oil. The oyster was good and salads are great. Overall was very good.We went to Cochon primarily on the basis of its online menu and the positive reviews on Yelp.   We were not disappointed.  The restaurant itself is very comfortable and welcoming and the staff is very attentive, without being intrusive.  We made dinner from small plates and a shared rabbit and dumpling entree, which was plenty for the two of us.  We started with a woodfired oyster roast and the crawfish and green tomato casserole.  Both were excellent, but the oysters took some adjustment.  Being used to Appalachicola oysters, which are smaller with a more intense flavor, these oysters were milder and BIG, not just an oyster, but a commitment.  Still, the Oyster roast was a satisfying start.  The crawfish and green tomatos in the  casserole perfectly complemented each other and the dish was very good, though I thought the crawfish were a tad diminutive.  The next morning we ate breakfast at the Old Coffepot and I had an crawfish omelete.   In contrast to the crawfish at Cochon,  the crawfish in the omelete were large and succulent.  Still we din't know this when eating at Cochon and were delighted with the casserole.These two plates were followed by the aligator with chili-garlic aoili.  This was the surprise of the night, with succulent alligator with just the right snap to the sauce. I was suspiscious of this dish, having had enough tough dry alligator to prevent me from ever eating it again, but this was delicate, delightful and perfectly done.We finished the main meal sharing the rabbit and dumpling entree.  The rabbit was perfectly done, savory, with wonderful taste and no bones.  The dumplings were fine, not remarkable, but worked well with the rabbit and sauce.  We had ordered an egg plant in shrimp sauce side dish, but somehow it got forgotten, which was fine since this was plenty of food for the two of us, though I was intrigued to see what this dish tasted like.Cochon has very nice beers on tap and serves them by the glass and in pitchers.  We shared a pitcher of pale ale with the meal and it really was the perfect complement to the dishes.All in all this was an excellent and very satisfying dining experience.  However, our dinner at Herbsaint  a few evenings later was almost perfect and a much more memorable dining experience than Cochon.  Thus we were lucky to experience these two excellent restaurants in this order. Had we dined at Herbsaint first, I suspect we would have been disappointed in Cochon, which would have been unfair to the restaurant.Food is not that great! Tried the oyster and meat pie, the bucherie plate and the apple and pecan salad with pig ears for appetizer. The appetizers are good but not excellent. Probably, the oyster and meat pie may be the best. For entree, we tries the fish, the pork hocks ham and the cochon. The fish was satiafactory but lacked seasoning. The ham was good and cochon is basicslly pulled pork. We ordered the upside down pineapple cake and it was the best part of our meal.Incredible shrimp and grits. That is all.Freaking awesome! Started with the celery, beet & farmers cheese salad, the boudin with pickled peppers then the eggplant dressing, the crawfish pie, the slow braised beef & horseradish potato salad & finally a cornmeal pineapple upside down cake for dessert. Everything was absolutely delicious & so well made & looked gorgeous. I love small plates & the preparation, flavors & consistency of everything was fantastic. I'll def be coming back again! Can't wait to try one of their whole hog cookouts or wine tasting nights! Great service too!amazing. the wait is going to be rough on a Saturday night. but the bar is first come first serve, so we aggressively snatched two seats at the bar, and i think that it turned out much better than eating at a table would've been.great bartenders, lively, quick. fantastic cocktails. the interior of this place is super rad too, light wood. i believe that i had the Porch Swing cocktail, which was gin and some cucumber business, and it was so refreshing and yummy.the paneed pork cheek small plate was so good that i wanted to lick my plate over and over again.the grilled shrimp small plate was also good and fresh, although if i come back, i'd try something different for a small plate.the GUMBO WAS AMAZING, it was shrimp and hardboiled egg gumbo, and it was sooo creamy and amazing. i want to go back now.Anthony Bourdain recommends this restaurant on his website, so I thought that it would be a good idea to give it a try. I did not make reservation so had to wait for about 30 mins for a table since the place was packed. I had a so-so martini at the bar while was waiting for the table. Once got to the table, I had the bread and butter, which were good. I ordered the so-called signature entree with the pulled pork, vegetables, and cracklings on top. The cracklings were good like any other cracklings, but the pork and vegetables were way too salty. I do not like salty food so did not enjoy it that much. Overall, the meal was pretty forgettable. For me, this place is more hype than anything else.Cochon was marvelous. Can't go wrong with any of the nightly specials! The Roasted Oysters were fabulous, The Meat Pies are fantastic, Red Fish was lite and wonderful. The Ham-Hock was great. All the fresh greens were cooked perfect. I will be going back next trip to New Orleans.WOW! Definitely the worst service ever. I'd understand if there was a line of people waiting to be seated but we walked in and there was 3tables occupied!  More than 85% of the place was empty and you are telling us that the only available place is on the bar. But as soon as we said thanks we are leaving you found us a table. We should've left right there. Just  put a freaking sign that would say no walk ins instead of giving them a cold shoulder service.  And as soon as the waiter came by we knew we are just not welcomed there. But enough with bad service. Now the food. Omfg absolutely the worst we've tried on our stay here. The fried gator was so chewy and without any seasoning.  All the seasoning came from the breading and the aioli. What's your basic cooking step? Always season your food! Me as a chef I become very upset and aggravated when people are trying to take short cuts on the expense of the guest/customers.  Moving on... smoked pork ribs. Same story. Oversmoked and if it wasnt for the sauce flavorless.  Chicken and andouille sausage gumbo. Was I thought wrong all this time? Should gumbo have the trinity with the meat and okra in it? Should it be thicker than broth soup? Was I thought wrong? It ddidn't even have the naughty flavour from darkening your roux. And at the end mac and cheese. Bechamel sauce with overcooked pasta and some American cheese for color. Come on now. Give me a break please. Do not know what all the fuzz is all about but definitely not worth all that money. $12 for the ribs, $7 for the gumbo, $6 for the mac n cheese $10 for the gator. Do not waste your money and your nervesI can't visit NOLA without eating at Cochon!  PORK +!  These guys do pig like no other.  Everything on the menu is good.  The alligator is crispy and tender, the oyster roast has so many different flavors - chili oil, minced garlic, mmm mmm good.  Gumbo please, so amazingly rich and dark.  Last time I was in I had the Louisiana cochon with cabbage, turnips and cracklins.  It was unbelievable.  The cracklins were done to perfection.  We also had a side of greens and grits, delish!  The restaurant is one of my favorites in the country.  The service and food are outstanding.  If you love pig, you will be at home in Cochon.The best meal I have had in New Orleans was here at Cochon. The wait time here can be considerable so do yourself a favor and make reservations.Oddly enough my meal started poorly with a pretty bad gin based cocktail whose name I have forgotten. My friend had a flight of rye whiskeys which were all good ryes, but nothing particularly interesting as they were all pretty standard ryes any good bar would have: sazerac, jim bean and an overholt. Things quickly improved as we got the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli. I had never had alligator before and it is a tough meat. Otherwise it was pretty good. Next was pork & black eyed pea gumbo which was also really good. The gumbo had a great texture and the pork was mighty tender. The food just got better and better. Next came the spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle. Oh my was this divine. Sweet, a bit spicy, a little smokey with some tangy from the watermelon pickle. At this point the server noticed I hadn't touched my pretty bad cocktail and so they offered to change it with something else. Can't remember exactly what it was. It whiskey based and an improvement, but not a great cocktail. The final dish was rabbit & dumplings. I salivate even now reminiscing about this fine dish. It is like a thick stew with biscuit like dumplings on top. It is got some great spices and hearty texture to it. Just a superb dish.Excellent service and fantastic food, I would stay away from the cocktails but you simply must have a meal here.A very trendy restaurant with a delicious menu.  The fried alligator with chili garlic aioli was outstanding.It's hard to find a bad place to eat in New Orleans, but this place really stands out. It is down near the warehouse district (I think), so is away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon St. There are some other cool little restaurants and bars nearby as well. When the weather is cooperating they have outdoor seating, which made it possible for us to enjoy after dinner cigars, a moonshine tasting and coffee. The meal was a reflection of your typical NOLA cuisine, only amped up!We started out with some wood fired oysters, fried boudin with pickled peppers, and braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, applesauce and goat feta. All of these were great. Our unanimous table favorite starter was the pork cheeks. They were so tender they melted in your mouth. Our entrees included two nightly specials, one of them being the fried soft shell crab served over a salad of summer squash, black eyed peas and tomatoes. This was one of my favorite dishes, I thought it was fresh and spring-like. However for the other 3 men at the table it was not their favorite. The other special was my entree, the roasted pork loin, skin on, with creamy grits and greens. When the waiter explained it, I thought the skin would be more crisp than it was. It ended up being kinda chewy and unappetizing. This is actually is the reason that I'm only giving 4 instead of 5 stars. I will say that this was only a special, and not on the regular menu. My husband had the rabbit and dumplings. It was served in an individual sized cast iron skillet. The dumplings were not too heavy, and the gravy was magnificent. It also was a good opportunity to get to eat some rabbit, not something you find everyday on menus. The last entree we had was the Louisiana Cochon. Basically what this restaurant was named for. It was a tender piece of pork shoulder topped with crispy cracklings. Not to be missed!We did get a couple of side dishes as well. By far the star of the side dishes in my opinion was the broccoli and rice casserole. This is not your mama's casserole. So delicious. I actually could have eaten that as a meal. The grits are also amazing. They are full of butter and just creamy goodness. Like true grits should be. Our least favorite side dish was the eggplant and shrimp dressing. It was pretty tasty with good shrimp flavor, but the other side dishes on the table just out shined it. For dessert we split some lemon cream pie. We were stuffed to the brim. They also have a great cocktail menu. I had a Trotter Jennings, which is Vodka, St. Germain, Prosecco and lemon juice. Their coffee is nice and strong too. The service was excellent. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and able to answer all of our questions. He was also able to make some recommendations, something I always appreciate. For the 4 of us, each having 1-2 cocktails, 3 appetizers, 4 entrees, 1 dessert, 2 coffees and a moonshine tasting the price was only around $294, plus tip.I would love to go five stars on this place, but when you really think about it there is some difficulty in assigning five stars to a place that serves creamy grits, oyster/bacon sandwiches on white bread and fried boudin balls. Although, if there were a class for five star excellence in a three star environment this is the place.A good friend of mine works at the Butcher shop and I'm with two of my friends who are MAJOR foodies, so expectations were high.  We made reservations day of quite easily.  The hostess was friendly and accommodating.  A good start.  The atmosphere was nice, but we chose to eat outside.  Everything was superb except my view of the Shell station across the street.   Yes, yes, I'm glad to see Tchoupitoulas is alive, thriving and has moved on up to the top all the way down to the Zoo, but a bamboo fence or an awning would do this place justice.  PLEASE UNDERSTAND this is a luxury complaint as it's not every day you can be surprised by the number of cabs that continue to flash you with headlights while you enjoy some of the best Cajun food I've had in New Orleans.  I was just telling my friends I wanted to be surprised at restaurants and that was hard to come by these days.  I was pleasantly surprised at Cochon.  Thanks y'all!!We ate everything...well, as much as we could without rolling off the curb into Tchoup.  The fried alligator, rabbit livers and oyster roast started us off nicely.  Then the gluttony began.  Michele-Schlumberger, Chardonnay, Dry Creek was an easy choice shared with Cochon, cabbage, turnips and cracklin's (best cracklin's ever y'all!!), braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, goat feta & pears, oyster & bacon sandwich, cheese grits, lima beans, shrimp & eggplant dressing (rockin') and macaroni & cheese casserole. STUFFED like the fatted calf we were...  But, there's always room for dessert, right?  Ha!  Jefferson bourbon by the glass?!?!?!  Nice!  Scotch list needs some help.The pineapple upside down cake needed to be soaked in bourbon or Scotch or something 'cause the cornbread cake was a little dry.  Otherwise, we ate it all and shared a Hummingbird Cake (eh) and a chocolate, caramel, peanut brittle frozen thing that was superb!!!  The salted peanut brittle drove me to shake some salt all over the top of the bar, which gave it the surprise I would have loved from the Pastry Chef.Anyway, kudos y'all!  Kudos!!  We had a blast and although it may be a while before I'll be back...I will be back!!!I dined for four days, and 99% of all choices were amazing, but THIS was my favorite. From mussels, mac and cheese, alligator to short rib. Service, presentation and the FOOD were the highlights of my trip. Be sure to get reservations, and expect many people. But who cares? I still crave their mussels!Veggie at Cochon?  It's definitely possible, but the choices were quite limited.  The waitstaff was very helpful with suggestions for vegetarian options and what I was served was delicious.Wanted to go to Butcher but it was so crowded, we decided to go to Cochon instead and were glad we did. just shared a few small dishes since the larger ones were a little more out there/weird. Had the eggplant/shrimp dressing, the lima beans, shrimp over the crab cakes, and the meat pie. My favorite was the eggplant/shrimp dish and the shrimp with the pickled salad over the crab cakes. However, what made the food experience the best was because of the bread - it was so good that we asked for seconds - I normally don't like bread, especially by itself, but I've found that restaurants with good bread tend to have really good food as well. Would like to go back and try the riskier dishes!I was in New Orleans for a conference over a weekend and tried Cochon Butchers first and liked the various meats they offered.  We then went to Cochon and ate there.  The food was great.  I like their gumbo better than the one at the court of the 2 sisters.  Not sure when I will be back in New Orleans again but I will recommend this restaurant to anyone in this area.OK, so I am still on my business trip and everyone told me to try Cochon.Since I am French and for the non French Speaking person, Cochon mean pig, I was very hesitant to eat at a restaurant call Pig!!But I must say, it was very good, I was alone so I sat at the bar, and I had the fried Gator with Chii Aoili sauce to start with, very nice and crunchy with a good kick to it!I continue my dinner with a boucherie Plate, which has 4 different kind of cure meat and house made rilette and pate, it was tasty and refreshing for sure.I also had a side of Lima Beans and boy they were good, the best I ever had!i am not sure what they did, but I highly recommend the Lima Beans if you go to Cochon.Overall, it was a very nice meal, I am not sure if it is up to all the hype, but regardless the food was good, the service was good and I am happy I ate at Pig!!! LOLI grew up in Cajun Country, so trust me on this.   I once helped a friend on mine make hundreds of pounds of boudin in the back of a grocery store in a small cajun town.  On my own one night, I sat at the bar for get a quick bite, and asked the bartender about a few of the dishes on the menu.  When I asked about the boudin, he said, it's pretty good, but no better than anything you could get at a gas station in New Iberia or Broussard.   (boudin is commoinly sold out of slow cookers at  convenience stores and gas station in cajun country)    I ate at a table two times as well.To me, Cochon epitimizes all that is wrong with the modern restaurant scene.   They take something that is already there, pretty it up, and quadruple the price.  I grew up on food like this --  maybe Couchon has a few twists, but this place is nothing special, except for the price.Would definitely go back.The highlights were the alligator with chili garlic aioli and the pate from the boucherie plate.  Both excellent.  The louisiana cochon with turnips, etc... was pretty good, but not outstanding.When we were there, they were unfortunately out of the rabbit and dumplings.  However, I found the recipe online for it and it was excellent even at home.The only down side is if you are looking for some privacy during your meal.  The tables are pretty close together.  But then again, that's the type of restaurant they are and you can't fault them for that.Definitely a nola must do.Great beers on tap, great service, great mac and cheese, great beet salad, and most of all GREAT oyster dish! Do it, you won't be disappointed. This is a good place for anyone who wants to try gator!Praise the Lard! This place is good! I'm a huge pork fan and the Lousiana cochon with turnips, cabbage, and cracklins was delish!!! It was perfectly cooked and falling apart with the touch of my fork. We started alligator appetizer and my husband ordered the rabbit with dumplings. Everything was amazing. The service was quick, but this place gets really busy on the weekends and a reservation is a must!I am glad that I had the chance to dine here twice during my two separate visits to NOLA. The wood-fired oyster roast was the best oyster plate I have ever had in my life. We ordered twice because this dish was that good. Note, if you go in a big group (as I did the second time), make sure you order many entrees because they will disappear fast! The oysters barely lasted 30 seconds on the table. Besides the oysters, we had several dishes which included the boucherie plate, rabbit dumplings, smoked pork ribs, and oven-roasted gulf fish. They were all good in my opinion. To top it off, we had several drinks which were amazing that one of my friends did not want to go home. No wonder this restaurant ranked in the top 20 of America's best restaurants (forgot which list). The food served here is unique and can't be found at any other place.So, I got yelled at for ordering beef instead of pork, but the brisket was 100% on point so it was all worth it. Mayhew lemonade? Horseradish potato salad? I might as well just scream "Sexual Chocolate" and drop the mic. There is nothing more to say.One of my favorites in the city.  Nice atmosphere in a good area, great, well-executed food, charming service, a nice selection of beers, wines, and spirits (moonshine anyone?).  Sit at the kitchen bar so you can drool over plates going out from the immaculate stainless kitchen service counter and watch the cooks at work: this may help you narrow things down as the menu is yummy top to bottom.  And you may get a little amuse-bouche (housemade head cheese for me mmmmm).I've had quite a few good meals at Cochon, but it's no-frills dining.  The straight-backed wooden seats are uncomfortable, and the fillet of fish I ordered last time was only garnished with a few sliced onions.  If you're a pig lover, however, you'll be in hog heaven.  Ha!If you're trying to find an authentic NOLA meal, I wouldn't go here.  I was visiting from New York and this place just reminded me of well..a restaurant in New York (expensive with fru fru decor).  I enjoyed the rabbit and dumplings, but the rest of the meal was really nothing exceptional.  Not bad, but not really good either.Oink, Oink, Oink. This place is pigalicious. I don't eat pork, but my friends LOVED this place. I, however, did partake in some AMAZING dessert. I had the Icebox Lime Pie, others at my table had the pumpkin and pecan pie and the caramelized apple brioche. Definitely hit this place up if you love pork and love desserts. YUM!! Make a reservation, though-this place is PACKED.Pork.  This is a pork paradise. Cochon makes their own sausages, including the very best andouille I've tasted.  They even roast a suckling pig over wood every night.  Great fried chicken livers too.  Not old NOLA at all, if this sign of renewal I'm all in.  btw, my service was great, even brought the chef out to talk to my table.I don't know what all the 2 and 3 stars are about...this place is seriously good and if they don't go back...oh well more room for me!I came to this restaurant based on my friend's request to go here based off of the...YELP reviews! The problem in all of it is that she didn't read all of the reviews carefully and in our ignorance did not know that this place served pork products, something one of my other friends does NOT eat.  Fortunately there was plenty of options to choose from that worked in our favor.  The restaurant was packed, ran into some colleagues since I was in town for a conference and was able to say hello.  Promptly seated and the waitress was great about explaining and answering our questions.  I opted for the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad and an extra side order of macaroni and cheese.  So I'm an idiot but so what of it.  I HATE horseradish, but in the moment the brisket sounded like it would hit the spot and that's why I got the extra side of macaroni and cheese.  I was hoping for a small hint of horseradish, but it was strong.  If you mix it in with the sauce from the brisket which falls apart with the fork then I somewhat enjoyed the potato salad, otherwise I left it alone.  The brisket was tender, tasty and falls apart so beautifully in your mouth! A great dish even if I didn't care for the horseradish.  The macaroni and cheese had a nice crunchy crust followed by creamy goodness under the surface.  I LOVED that dish.  Being in New Orleans, I had the Abita Amber beer, a nice dark beer with great body and flavor.  I really enjoyed it.  We were stuffed from dinner so we didn't even touch dessert.  My friends enjoyed their dishes as well.  The non-pork eater had a fish dish which was flaky and flavorful.  All the dishes were good and we were glad we could trust the Yelp reviews.  Just do a more thorough research job and if you don't eat pork, make sure you go to the right place, but my friend still enjoyed her meal!My second time at this gem and I had the special.  Roasted pork belly and it was fantastic!!!!!!The food is AMAZINGLY AWESOME!!!!!!!! Nooooooo disappointments. Everything ordered from appetizers to entrees to dessert was unbelievable! This has just become my FAVORITE restaurant in NEW ORLEANS HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!! Make sure to have a shot of their moonshine, too!!!I got the redfish or drum and it was so fishy I couldn't even eat it. My girlfriends said the same. The brisket was better but very fatty. The oyster and bacon sandwich was great   I had heard good things about this place but unfortunately it's another tourist trap.Was a party of eight. Ordered every small plate from the menu. Pork belly special was cooked perfectly, plate was over sauced. Roasted oysters looked amazing. Unfortunately, for me there was a drizzle of chili oil all over them(not listed on the menu). Chicken Livers with pepper jelly was a solid hit. The grits and the mac and cheese were also exceptional. The only reason for me to not give them five stars, is because we might have had one of the most sullen waiters ever. She never smiled. We all engaged her and as all being members of service staff ourselves, were not demanding, but polite.I was in NO recently for a trade show and saw the great reviews on Cochone.  Was not disappointed!  Fabulous food and atmosphere. Great Manhattan and then the meal was incredible.  We ate several small plates including the wood fired oysters, alligator, porkplus some great veggies including their charred carrots.  If you are going to NO, please stop here and enjoy.  Cajun coooking at it's best.Stop here. Really. Excellent food and friendly and knowledgable staff. The Fried oysters were so good we skipped desert and got a second order of them. Hot Rolls and and quality butter served to you while you wait. We sat at the back "chef's table" in front of the wood fired oven and shot the breeze with the chefs. Nice atmosphere and the Cochon's food speaks for itself.What a disappontment! After listening to locals recommendations, we thought cochon was going to be it. It seems like we must have gotten the wrong things on the menu. The alligator was just ok. The pork belly and fried green tomatoes were mediocre. Now, for the grand finale, we had pork ribs, they were so dry, I swear, we left there thinking applebee's would have been bettter. In addition, we didn't like the set up of the restaurant, it was loud and impersonal. Speaking of impersonal,our waitress, well, she was impersonal and unattentive, it was just the icing on the cake. I truly wanted to love this experience, but we won't be back after this.We had an amazing dinner. Pretty sure we ordered everything on the menu. Stay away from the moonshine! Strong!Loved this place! I first read about Cochon in Rolling Stones and knew I had to try it. It's a post Katrina establishment. Very basic, clean decor. The prices are good. After looking at the menu for a few mins, I decided to order several smalls instead of an entree just bc there was so much I wanted to try. My fav was prolly the rabbit w/ pepper jelly on toast...all the elements just played great off each other. The fried gator w/ a garlic alioi sauce was good. I had a few other dishes and they were delicious as well. We will be back for more whenever we're back in N.O.I went here a few months ago on a trip to New Orleans, and this was hands down my favorite restaurant.  I loved the atmosphere of the place. My favorite part of the meal was the fried alligator - the chili garlic aioli was really flavorful. I also got the pork cheeks, which were a little too salty for my taste but still really good. The grapefruit salad was tasty but a little bland. For my drink I had the Tiger's Tail cocktail, which I really enjoyed.  The waitstaff was also great - they called a cab for my friend and me at the end of our meal.  If I go back to New Orleans I'll definitely visit this restaurant again.The guys at the bar are awesome, extremely knowledgeable about their drinks and willing to tell you how to make things.  The food is wonderful, too.  Wood fired oysters!  AMAZIING!  All things pig in this house are to die for....I'll be back!Great restaurant!Wonderful New Orleans "tapas."We tried fried alligator for the first time. It wasn't the highlight of the meal, but a good experience non the less.All things pork are done really well here.Innovative, with a knowledgeable staff.  I always eat here while in New Orleans and I never regret it!  Highlights include the deep fat fried hog head cheese with field beans & ravigote and the pig's foot.  The boucherie plate, including a delicious pate, and the rabbit livers are not to miss.I also had the deviled crab with butter crackers and the arugula salad with pickled squash, crispy pig ears & charred cayenne dressing, and while delicious, the other dishes outshined these.  When you're in a restaurant called Cochon, order the pork!Ugh! Really great food in a cool space ruined by really bad, really rushed service.It's a shame because you can tell how badly they want you to vacate the table from the second you sit down. There's no excuse for treating customers like they're an inconvenience.I'm sure they'll continue to be hugely successful, but they've lost sight of the point.Went with a group of 10 and found the food really, really good.  However, I found the atmosphere a little pretentious and they kept saying things like "chef reccomends....".  Or when we asked where a missing appetizer was she said "Chef was dissatisfied was the quality of the food the first time, so chef is preparing again."  It was just a little bizzare.  But overall the food overpowers the atmosphere for 4 starsPig...Done Well!  The food was great, the service was great, and the atmosphere was great! I went here over a year ago, so this review is somewhat dated. My wife and I started with The Boucherie Plate and The Fried Boudin, both were excellent. The Brawn was some of the best that I have ever had! The main courses that my wife and I had were also awesome as well!I'm an enthusiast of local Nola restaurants and I've been to Cochon several times, none of the times was I that impressed but I thought my meat-loving boyfriend would enjoy it and I made a reservation for his birthday there. After asking twice for a table they shoved us in a booth and rushed us throughout the entire meal, doing everything but physically pushing us out the door. Even the menu didn't redeem the awful service, as there were so few options and honestly I was not allowed the time to make a selection because, as I stated before, they rushed us after all of 7 minutes after sitting down (returning 2 minutes after we said we weren't ready to order). I'm sad to say I will not be returning to Cochon. The experience was not what I expected from a highly rated New Orleans hot spot, rather it was closer to that of an Applebees diner. Some advice to Cochon: your food is up there in  price, certainly not the highest but high enough that you should let your customers enjoy themselves, particularly when they reserved a table a week in advance. Perhaps y'all are unaware but in Nola everything moves just a little bit slower. We like to enjoy all aspects of the restaurant but we can't when y'all don't give us the chance to do so. If you want a good Nola dining experience I'd hit up Revolution, Dominique, or Annunciation, .,..there are HUNDREDS of other options I'd choose before Cochon now.Delicious. Upscale, well thought out food, pushing the envelope of what can be considered Cajun food with a very comfortable vibe and decor. This place is certainly a foodie stop.  WE ordered the Cochon and it didn't disappoint.  Their deserts are delicious too.  Get a reservation, the restaurant is usually full for dinner.Awesome food, great service and Big Daddy Rabbit!  Cannot wait to get back - top dining experience in months...First time in town and came to cochon at the recommendation of a foodie.  GREAT decision.  The restaurant is designed to pack in a lot of people, and while we could definitely hear most of the conversation at the next table over.  But, the seats were very comfortable and there's a nice view into the kitchen.We ordered the alligator, the boudin, the zucchini salad, the cochon, and the Mac and cheese.  The alligator was tasty but honestly I probably wouldn't order it again.  The boudin was good but too big to share between two--would have been better for three or four people.  The zucchini salad was to die for.  If I had it at home, I would just eat a huge bowl for dinner every night. So, so tasty.  The Mac and cheese was quite good.  The cochon was tasty but a little dry, and I think it would have benefitted from some more sauce or jus.Also of note is the spicy ginger ale on the menu--I totally loved this and it went really well with the rich food.I wish our waitress had been a little more straight with us about how big the plates were.  I would have loved to try a dessert but we were so stuffed that we didn't even look at the dessert menu.All in all, we had a great meal and I would happily come back here any time I find myself in New Orleans.This was my second dinner at Cochon and it didn't disappoint. If anything it was perhaps even better. On this trip, I sat at the bar and sort of grazed the menu, sampling this and that.For a cocktail I had to have a Swinekiller, I mean I am at Cochon, right? It is made with Hendricks Gin, Fee Brothers rhubarb bitters, limeade and was well made, lots of interesting flavors. Not a sweet nor bitter drink, somewhere perfectly balanced in the middle.First bite was the rabbit livers. I love liver and even my friends that "hate" liver love this dish. $9 for 3 or 4 livers on crunchy toast with fresh mint and pepper jelly. Perfect dish, I ordered a second one...Second was the braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, goat feta & pears for $12. I normally dislike sauerkraut, but it worked very well to give a bit of acid to cut the very rich pork cheeks. This was delish and I would love to have the recipe!Finally, I had the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad for my entree. The beef was expertly cooked and was tender and bursting with flavor. I liked, but didn't love the potato salad. There was something in there that was not Hellman's mayo and I could not get that alien notion out of my head.It is a busy happy somewhat loud room. I sat at the bar and both of the bartenders were jovial and knowledgable making my meal even better.If you've not been, go get your pork on at Cochon!My boyfriend and I went to Cochon for our last night in NOLA, anxiously awaiting the food of the James Beard Award winning establishment. We got the last reservation left for the night and were seated right away.I got the Swinekiller ($9) to drink, he got the whiskey and amaretto drink ($10-I can't remember the name at the moment), and they were so-so. Nothing to write home about, but fairly decent.For our first course, we had the oysters ($11) and the fried alligator ($10). The oysters were our favorite part of the entire meal, hands down. The alligator was very salty, even for two people who love salt, and we kind of wished that the chili garlic aeoli had been on the side, rather than top of the alligator, so the salty factor could have been adjusted per our own liking.As an entree, we split the special; a crunchy pork belly on top of greens, black eyed peas, and an onion bernaisse ($27). The pork belly was good, but there was very little pork (I know pork belly is fatty, but SOME meat would have been nice to go with the crunchy skin). It was just alright. The greens were really the star of the plate.For dessert, we got the pineapple upside down cake with a lime ie cream and dolce de leche drizzle ($8). This was delicious, and not too heavy. It ended the meal on a positive note.All together, the meal was $83.31, before tax. The oysters and dessert were very good, but everything else was mediocre, especially considering the price. It was definitely ot worth close to a bill after the tip.As for the service-it was also mediocre. The wait staff wear plain black t-shirts and dark jeans and take quite a while to take your order, or even bring you bread. I actually had to ask for my water to be refilled several times before it happened.Overall, I would recommend stopping in for an appetizer and maybe a beer, but the majority of the food was nowhere near the quality reflected in the price or the fact that it is run by a James Beard winner. The people at neighboring tables also seemed to be disappointed.Happy eating!I thought this restaurant might underwhelm given the hype, but boy was I wrong.  We had a superb dinner here. Every single bite was delicious. Having overdone it at lunch (when in Rome . . .), we ordered a bunch of small plates. Particularly memorable were the boudin balls (divine when combined with the mustard and pickled onions) and the roasted mushroom salad with fried jerky, but it was all great. I wish I had left enough room to try even more!Food was good but the server was rude. He copped an attitude with me when I complained about having to split our own check and he bumped into me as we were leaving because he wasn't happy with the tip.Great boucherie plate, good boudin.  Skip the oyster and bacon sandwich.  It sounds great but was disappointing.  The best thing I ate in New Orleans: wood-fired oyster roast.  I should have just gotten three orders of these things.  Amazing.  Service was friendly and fun.  But, for the price points and the level of food, I would appreciate service to be just a bit more attentive.A very exquisite restaurant! The ribs were delicious, the pork was very tasty, the water was so very fresh, and the bread was warm and sweet. It was extremely irresistible when dipped in any soup or sauce. The Mexican coke was so sweet with the cane sugar.Over-hyped, and past it's prime.  Dry ribs, dry brisket, certainly not worth the price at this point.Best meal I had on a recent New Orleans trip.  I had the red fish which was probably the best fish I have ever eaten.  It was cooked in their wood fire oven and seasoned to perfection.  I was close to eating the scales it was so good.  We had a couple of vegetarians in the group, and the poblano pepper dish they made for them was a huge hit.  I don't think we had one complaint from our party of 13 regarding the food.  I will definitely make a trip to Cochon again on my next trip to Nawlins.The James Beard southern chef award prompts uber expectations.  I found things good but not spectacular.  The pickled/roasted cabbages with homemade slim jim was the clear standout.   The woodfired oysters with cajun spices came in second- I could have licked the dry-rub and butter from the shells.  The pork jowl and spoon bread was good but forgettable.  The grilled shrimp with chow chow regrettable- the combo just doesn't work in my humble opinion.  Nice reasonably priced wines by the glass and helpful staff are a plus.  The food was three stars- bumping up a star to four for the creativity of the menu.Cochon was ok, but not great.  I had the arugula salad.  That was really good.  The alligator was good as well.  The boucherie plate was disappointing.  It was pretty small and just not that good.  The pickles were probably my favorite part, but they were clearly not the point.  The LA cochon entree was disappointing as well.  The pork was ok, but not the best.  The cabbage was mushy.  The service was not great.  The hostess was kinda rude.  The guy who got our drinks was as well.  Our waitress was nice, though somewhat inattentive and we're not particularly needy.  The check or dessert menu would be nice after clearly being finished eating for 15 minutes though.  I doubt I'd go back.i think this place at one point was phenomenal, but perhaps with all the attention and accolades they have gotten lazy.  i don't think this was an off night situation.animals shouldn't have been done that way for badly prepared meals like that. plates were literally thrown onto our table. the food and service were simply not good.two nice things were the creamy grits and smothered greens. i bet the side butcher shop makes a tasty sandwich.An unequivocal solid 5 star rating for the oysters, they seriously kick ass! It is slightly undercooked so that the oyster flavor isn't lost in the highly addictive concoction of topping consisting of minced garlic, butter, and (from what I can tell), lemon grass and Thai curry seasoning. I had to order seconds right before catching my flight home. I had to lick all the oyster shells to get every last drop of the sauce. A trip to New Orleans isn't complete without a visit here, make sure you don't fill up on the warm yummy bread and soft creamy butter! Hats off to the chef!The food at Cachon was amazing. I've eaten a lot of chewy alligator and was very impressed with the tender amazing fried alligator here. Rabbits and dumplings, Pork Cheeks, etc..etc....was some of the best food I've ever eaten. We ordered every appetizer, 3 entrees, and 3 desserts. Everything was cooked perfectly and very flavourfull. Just bummed my new favorite restaurant is 2k miles away from me.I like pig, pig tastes GOOD. It tasted really good here! We were looking for someplace to have a late breakfast, instead we had an early (very rich and delicious) lunch instead... the way I see it, I'd rather gorge myself earlier in the day so I have all day to burn it off. Once again, order alot and order as if it's your last meal...Cochon is French for pig. Appropriately named, because that's what I was/am.  Everything was stellar.  Stand-out dish of the evening was the crab appetizer.  Get 20 of them.  Fairly-priced, awesome atmosphere, location could be better.Maybe my 5 star rating has something to do with expectations. I thought this place would be good, but not this great. Every single bite I had was incredible.Apps: boucherie plate (hog head cheese and cured meats) and deep fried rabbit livers. Both were great, but I am begging you to GET THE RABBIT LIVERS! Eat them with the mint and onions. It's like a zapps voodoo chip in 3 dimensions combined with something you have never had before. One of the most interesting things I have had in a long time, every bite was unique and spectacular.For dinner my guest and I got cochon and rabbit stew. Once again, the rabbit dish was absolutely killer. IT'S NOT BS: IT REALLY IS SMOKED RABBIT. I say that because even though it was in a stew, the you could taste the smoke in every bite. The stew was made with greens and well-seasoned cornebread dumplings. The pork was great too but I enjoyed mine much better.As for the service, when the food is this good how can you care? The service was perfect: polite but not overly attentive. They didn't get in our way. Unlike a lot of the people on Yelp I prefer a wait staff that doesn't bother me as opposed to those who do.Eclectic menu complete with standard fare and first-timers like rabbit liver. I had the oyster & bacon sandwich which was worth every single fat gram and then some.Fantastic place for anyone who isn't scared about eating everything but the oink.If I could spell the sound of a heavenly chorus, that would be the entirety of my review. Y'all don't need me to add to the almost 500 people singing the praises of this place, so I'll keep it brief. Boudain balls, omg.Deep fried gator tail, omg. Rabbit and dumplings, omfg, rinse, repeat. Also? It's a Michelin starred restaurant that's not foofy, pretentious or expensive. It's not cheap, but it's doable, and what I ate would have been worth it at twice the price.So glad we came by to eat! Was beyond delicious! I got the short ribs and Mac n cheese and boyfriend got the brisket. Was so yummy! Make sure when you go, you request to be sat at the kitchen bar! It's so entertaining to watch those chefs back there! Made for an amazing visit and early dinner :)The food is fresh delicious and thoughtfully prepared . Perhaps the best pork chop I ever ate. If you like good local sourced food and freshly butchered meats this is your spot . I'd eat here often if I lived on noBest snicker doodle cookie I have ever hadFirst night in NOLA it was a toss-up between Acme Oyster Bar and Cochon. I left the hotel and started walking. Finding myself on Tchoupitoulas Street I was on my way to Cochon. I ended up sitting at the Chef's Bar since you really should have reservation, I was able to watch the kitchen workings which was not a bad thing. I'm not sure how they keep it all straight.  Seams like organized chaos to me. With the help of a very nice waitress I decided on a boucherie plate, which is a selection of cured meats they do in house, along with a wood-fired oyster roast, I was set.  They brought out some rolls with butter on the side and three deep-fried andouille sausage rolls, both of which were very good.The food came in short order. There was sliced beef that was similar to Italian Bresaola, some cured salami, a pork liver pate and a cured pan-pudding of pork I believe. This was served with toast squares, mustard and sliced pickles.  The oysters can six to a plate, oven-roasted but not over-done. They also had a Cajun seasoning on them and butter.  The rolls, BTW, were great for sopping up the juice.  After finishing up this I decided on their butterscotch pudding which was creamy and very well made.I washed this all down with a Barritts ginger ale what was very good.  The bill was $39.51 plus tip. There was other interesting items on the menu like rabbit and dumpling and fried boudin with pickled peppers. I would highly recommend this restaurant.This was the best meal I have EVER had. I tried the zucchini salad, the fried alligator, the "redfish," whatever that is, and the pork. It was all amazing. Service was excellent, the interior is modern and crisp, and their drinks are tasty (I had the whiskey cocktail). It's fine dining for a reasonable price.I had Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins $23.  Or pulled pork with a cracklin on top.  Incredibly salty but well presented.  My wife had the Oyster and bacon sandwich for $15.  The first one came with straw or hay in it so we returned it.  The waiter blamed the problem on the oyster farmer.  I guess the chef doesn't look at the food he prepares.  The 2nd "free" sandwich was spectacular and has spoiled me for ever on BLT's.Noisy busy and very Los Angeles.  Way pricey for what you get.We started the weekend right by picking Cochon as our first restaurant of our trip.  Everything was superb!  The crab stuffed artichoke was delicious.  My husband had the brisket and it was super tender and I had the pork ribs which were delicious, a little too spicy for me but could handle it, the pickled watermelon on top was killer.  Then for dessert we had the apple bread pudding with sour cream ice cream, I mean come on sour cream ice cream soooo good!!!!   The best bread pudding I have ever had.  We went to NOLA on Saturday and this place blows them out of the water!!!Great place - the food is really enjoyable and reasonably priced.  Nice salad and the rabbit and dumplings was outstanding.  Others in my party had a variety of other dishes and we were all happy and satisfied with our choices (except the grits were a disappointment).  All sorts of very interesting choices for the brave (pig ears for example) - authetic cajun cooking, very clean and friendly environment, excellent service. Enjoy....as pork's *biggest* fangirl, i really wanted to like this place.the appetizers were great. i sat @ the back counter, where i got a VIP view of the kitchen. the chef was fun to watch and banter with. the service was attentive and courteous. the appetizers were great.what got to me was that their signature dish, the cochon, was not as tender and moist as i would have expected from a place like this.This place nailed incorporating the quirky proteins that are so quintessentially southern with prep techniques that are are so haute cuisine.  We walked in off of the street and they were totally accommodating by seating us right away.  They used the team method of service so we had 2 very attentive servers and both were completely on top of our needs the entire time.  They were a little lengthy in their descriptions of the foods, but I think that may have something to do with them being a little more talkative in the south!  We started with the wood-fired oysters and they were INCREDIBLE.  First of all, they were huge and they had a touch of spice that was perfect.  Highly recommend them.  Then we got the ham hock and that totally rocked with the gumbo that was a touch salty, even for a gumbo, but that happens sometimes.  It completely fell off of the bone and then melted in your mouth and I fell in love. We also had some hurricanes and moonshine that were both totally dead on.  I mean, how can you mess up a shot of moonshine?  Serving bad brands!!  These were great.  We had the white lighting...  Try it!!  We finished with the strawberry dessert that was one of the best desserts I've ever had along with the gateau de chocolat which was just the right size to not be overwhelming.  This was exactly the meal that we needed in N'awlins and we're SO glad that we found it.  Two thumbs up...  Two giant thumbs up.P.S.  Take advantage of sitting in such close proximity...  Your neighbors will likely be very friendly and maybe you can make some new friends at dinner.Absolute best lunch in New Orleans.  I've been eating there since the day it opened, and keep coming back.  A simple, modern take on Louisiana country cooking--I especially recommend the fried gator appetizer, and the rabbit and dumplings entree (which makes my mouth water just thinking about it).I recently dined at Cochon with a friend and was reasonably impressed. The ham hock and cochon were very good but the pig ears were greasy and mostly batter. The greens and apple pie were excellent. Make sure you make reservations as the place gets very crowded. Service was slow and a bit rude odd at times but maybe that was just our waitress.I just went to the alligator which was excellent - lighly breaded with a spicy sauce.  I had some good conversation with a few locals.  This place had very nice decor and was a little more expensive than others. Compare prices to Emerils.   It was more of an upscale New Orleans style and not what I would consider true NOLA food style; however, it was good and I would go back.Very good restaurant close to the convention center.  I really enjoyed the smoked brisket and horseradish potato salad.  I recommended this restaurant to several other conference attendees I spoke to throughout the week and they all enjoyed this place as well.This place gets busy, so make reservations if you can to avoid waiting.  We walked in for lunch and had to wait about 20 minutes.  The ambiance of this place is nice and soothing.  Very modern.  I tried the fried oyster and bacon sandwich, which was interestingly good.  I never had fried oysters before, but it was yummy.  My bf got the beef brisket and that was pretty good, too, although portions seemed to be a bit on the small side.  Overall, the food here is pricey for what you get.After looking on Yelp, I found Cochon and decided to try it out with my fiancee. When I first walked into the restaurant, I was amazed at the Decor, which was very modern. We ordered the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle, and smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. Everything was delicious, and even my fiancee who is not food adventurous enjoyed the alligator. We also had the rootbeer (draft) which was awesome. The service was great and everyone was very nice. This place definitely lives up to the hype.Cochon could possibly be New Orleans' answer to Chicago's Publican restaurant. The Publican has a special place in our hearts and while Cochon is no Publican, it felt like we were transported to New Orleans' take on gastronomy celebrating the pig, Cajun-style. Bread baskets can be undervalued sometimes since items on the menu are generally considered the star of the meal. But these rolls... soft to touch, warm on the inside, melting the whipped butter as I spread it, and slight sweetness on the taste. The crab-stuffed artichoke is beautifully served inside the "shell" of the artichoke leaves. Baked and topped with crispy bread crumbs, the taste of crab meat combined with the somewhat creamy dressing was well balanced. We also tried the fried alligators for the first time. The alligator meat bites were first deep fried until crispy and then tossed in chili garlic aioli. The entire dish had an oriental taste to it especially with the tangy hint coming from the aioli. The alligator meat itself was almost like a chewy form of chicken meat. My husband always teases me that I don't eat as much vegetables as him but after we finished our first plate of smothered greens, I asked to put in a second order of it. I loved it that much.The service was efficient and attentive although we were confused as to who our actual server was since two different servers stopped by our table periodically to see if everything was ok. Also, after the first server took our order, a second server came over to ask if we had ordered our food. No complains though as everything was efficient and well taken care of.i was reallllly looking forward to this restaurant, and i was a little disappointed. i guess i worked it up too much in my head. yes the bread was perfectly buttered and delicious. the fried alligator was good (reminded me of bonefish grill bang bang shrimp) the beef brisket was just alright for me the horseradish potato salad was delicious. Louisiana cochon was good and even better if you put it in the previously mentioned bread. the banana mouse pie was what put me over the edge, it was simply divine, i would love to have that recipe at home!Yes!!  After a long 8 month wait to go to this restaurant I finally was able to get back to NOLA this week.  I came here this past Tuesday for lunch and Cochon without a doubt met my expectations.  Cochon is nice open restaurant, and casually designed restaurant with an open kitchen in the back.  I have seen many open kitchens in my day, but not many kitchens that had an wood fired oven.  I've seen custom built pizza ovens but none of them were fueled by wood fire.  A nice touch I thought.   After perusing the menu, I had a really tough decision to make on what to order.  I went with two small plates, since I wasn't that hungry.  I hadn't had oysters yet while in NOLA, so I went with the wood fired oysters, and the braised pork cheeks.  This was my first time ever trying cooked oysters, and although they were divine, I definitely prefer my oysters raw.  This is not an insult to Cochon, just a matter of personal preference.  The pork cheeks were out of this world good!  For years I have always heard that the cheek of the animal is the best part, and this was my first time trying cheek, and now I know what everyone is talking about.  These were so good.  Fork tender and served on top of a piece of corn bread, with onions and peas.  If I had the luxury of going to Cochon more often, I think I would always begin with this dish.  My only regret about going to Cochon is that I did not come hungry enough.  I so wanted to try an entree, but I didn't have the room to put it down.  Completely my fault!!!  Next time I head back to NOLA, Cochon is on top of my lists of restaurants to dine at!Highly overpriced and overrated. I don't get the hype. Rabbit was tasty, but there are better places. I enjoyed more in the French Quarter.Only went once, but wasn't that impressed with the food.  Liked the place, but dishes just seemed a little overly fatty and light on finesse or flavor.The fried alligator, whole gulf fish and moonshine (both strawberry and apple pie) are favorites.I think Cochon lives up to the hype. A really nice restaurant with really good food. I actually just went for a small bite/ appetizer (got the fried alligator), then went next door to Cochon Butcher for my real lunch. I can't say that was a bad plan, but I kind of wish I got a really meal here.Wowwww...Amazing wood fried oysters! Perfectly spiced with garlic, butter, and red chili flakes. The catfish courtbouillon was mildly spiced and had a nice kick to it. The restaurant also had a great New Orleans style ambience with faint jazz music playing in the background.This place was just a short stroll down from the Hilton Garden Inn where we were staying and a great introduction to Cajun food.  Who knew I would enjoy fried alligator?  We opted to order a bunch of the small plates so we could sample a bit of everything.  From the top of my head that was the gator, the ribs, the chicken, the loaded potato and the cucumber salad.  Next to my excitement of trying a strange new food such as gator, I really enjoyed the cucumber salad.  I would not let my fiance have the last bite, and I usually tend to be quite giving.  Very stylish on the inside, nice in the sun outside, friendly servers in both areas.One of the best restaurants in the city and extremely innovative with creole classics. And not to mention the environment with great music. Drinks are killa too! Get the alligator bites!Good service and delicious food. Notables were boiled peanuts (I don't eat a lot of southern cooking so these were a revelation to me), pork cheek appetizer, fried alligator app (sort of like popcorn chicken with a delicious spicy creamy sauce), oyster BLT, Mac and cheese side (perfectly cheesy and gooey).Although this place is all about meat and I am vegan, I had a fantastic meal here. The vegan plate is chefs choice, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But the vegan plate was outstanding. I was not able to eat the rolls because they have lard in them, which was a bit disappointing.Cochon i wanna have your baby! If you are only in new orleans for an hour eat at cochon. If you are here for more than a day eat here twice. Service was impecable. The coctails were so delicious, i had the swine killer, wife had the swimming hole.Food was the best i have had in ages. Bodin balls melted in my mouth. Wife had pork loin it was acceptable. I had the pork belly special, large piece of pork belly with the skin on. The skin was super crispy, belly meat was luxurious. Came with beans and some greens in a super light vinaigrette. Was a perfect  pork partner. I wish i caught my servers name. She was on point. Ran into her the next day as she headed into work, and she was pleasant outside the work zone as well. Thanks cochon for putting the on the pedestal it deserves.Great food and feel but VERY small menu!  And no bread pudding!EAT HERE. Seriously, if you're in New Orleans, and you don't eat here, you're doing your tastebuds a disservice.Absolutely delicious! Known for their pork and fried alligator. It was my first time ever eating alligator and boy am I so glad I tried it!OH MY GAW!! We had to make reservations about 4 weeks in advance for Friday night dinner. This place is fan-freaking-tabulous!!! Everything we tried on the menu was great, and with a group of 10 girls dining, we tried a pretty good portion of the menu. I wish though that I had asked the waiter if I could have ordered some smoked boudin from next door. I was disappointed not to see it on the menu. The restaurant is casual but intimate and our waiter was very informative and fun. I wish I could comment more on what I had to eat, but I had been drinking for about 4 hours prior to dinner here and somehow I thought it was a good idea to order wine, which I SWEAR does not impact the stellar review I'm giving this place. My sober girl friends raved about the food just as much as I did!We went here for dinner on a whim one Wednesday night. There was a little bit of a wait when we arrived around 9pm but it was definitely worth waiting for. The service and food were both awesome. I had the beef brisket with horseradish potato salad for entree and fried pickles for appetizer. Will definitely go back again to try other entrees.Pretty great, perhaps for me, an out of towner, it was the best example of local food i had.  The place is fierce and fast and it no way delicate.  During my meal there i think i ate 6 different animals half of which where fried all of which were pretty good.  I hate to sound like a savage but i think the place would be great if there were no menu and you just told the server how many different creatures you'd like to eat, maybe if it were twice as big with picnic benches, maybe i'm missing the point.Perfect for lunch. Delicious unusual flavors (pork ribs with watermon pickle) and a lovely ambience. The miniature bread rolls were terrific, the service was pleasant, and the ambience refreshingly pleasant.The ingredients are fresh and the menu is certainly creative. However, in all honesty, I found everything I ordered to be bland. There was seasoning, it's just that the food reminded me of Chinese places that dumb down their food for American tastes. Are alligator balls with chili aioli supposed to only have a hint of seasoning and spice? Is the Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins supposed to taste like shredded pork with sweet sauce, with the cracklins tasting like something you get out of a bag? The decor is gorgeous, with natural poplar, and their service is the some of the best you'll see. Again their food is pretty fresh. It's just not cooked to its full potential. Their other restaurant however, Cochon Butcher, is absolutely off the hook.I really enjoyed Cochon. I had the fried boudin with pickle peppers and the Louisiana Cochon. I also ordered an old fashioned for drinks. This will be the first place I visit when I'm in N.O. again.Spectacular early dinner. 10 different plates. All outstanding. Loved the pork cheeks and the boudin.  Awesome all around.Wow!! Simply the best food experience! Definitely coming back on my next trip to Nola! Everything was just amazing. The ambiance, the service and the food. Fairly priced as the experience is worth it. Tried the wood fired oysters, fried boudin, fried livers, Louisiana cochon and the unforgettable Mac n cheese. We had a top notch location... Right in front of the chefs kitchen. Definitely a foodie lover experience you must try!Heart stoppingly good.  If you're looking for a clue about the healthiness of their menu, check out their icon which is a silhouette of a big fat pig that's being roasted.  I had their signature dish, the cochon, which was a deep fried pork brisket on top of bacon and topped with pork rinds.  Don't tell your cardiologist that you went here!  I washed down all that grease with a very tasty iced tea/lemonade.  Service was fantastic and the atmosphere was very urban-rustic.  Dessert menu looked equally good but I had no more room.Mint Julep was great, but none of the food was mind blowing at all. I was all hyped up from these Yelp reviews and from personal recommendations, but everything was honestly average at best. Plus, it took a long time to come out. I had the "special" pork saddle which was topped with a shrimp and yam mixture. The topping was a drastically different (cooler) temperature from the pork, and the pork was a little dry and bland. Either came on an off night or I just don't get it. Crispy pork ear starter was OK, but I tasted mostly batter and mustard. Mushroom/onion/beef jerky salad with lemon was interesting but more like a garnish than a salad. After $45/person I left slighty disappointed.One word: YUMMY! Im not a huge pork fan and I was a little unsure about going here. HOWEVER, our party of 18 descended upon Cochon and did not leave disappointed!!! We started off with a shot of moonshine. (I must tell you this was amazing and the coctail selection there is off the hook!) Then we ordered all the appetizers, baked potatoes, redfish, the braised pork etc. All was amazing! I would definitely recommend.This was one of the tastiest and most memorable meals I have had in quite a while.  We couldn't get a reservation so we ended up sitting at the chef's bar.  I would actually really recommend this, it was a lot of fun to see the mastery going on in the kitchen.  The decor is simple and unassuming with wood panelling covering most of the interior with an exposed brick wall on one side.  Anyway we sampled the fried aligator, wood-flame roasted oysters, grits, shrimp, and the red fish [of the day].  Every bite was like "wow" and I've heard the pork cheeks are also amazing.  Price-wise it is surprisingly a value for the quality you are getting.  If you are in New Orleans, you already know what it is...It was my first time to NOLA and we happened upon this cool little restaurant.  The service was quick and friendly.  The gumbo and brisket were the bomb!  The only thing I wasn't impressed with was the bread.  Can't wait to visit again and check this place out!Damn this place rocks! Best food I had during my trip to NOLA. They have THE most delicious gator I have ever had. Also my rabbit and dumplings was fantastic.Food was great and reasonably priced but the service wasn't the best.During our visit to NOLA we had been looking forward to our dinner here.  We were lucky to get an early evening reservation during our vacation and looked forward to it for weeks.  The entire day was planned around this meal. The food was good, great even, but so much of a meal like this is about the ambiance and the overall experience.  Unfortunately that aspect of it killed the entire night for me and my perception of this restaurant.  The restaurant was near empty when we got there however even with our reservation the hostess said she had to "try" to find us a table and made us wait 15 minutes without another word spoken.  Then she proceeded to seat us in such a way I felt like I was being dragged off to a sentencing.  Now, I don't mind waiting, I know that she could be juggling more than I might be able to see, it was the arrogance and attitude that got me.  No matter, a hostess on a power trip was not going to spoil this for me.  But, the waiter was no different.  We learned as we were leaving that there were specials to be had that night, it would have been nice to be told what they were.  We could hardly get a drink order taken or waters filled.  I asked a question about a menu item but was asked to wait mid sentence.  By this point I was over it.  I had good money to spend on the evening but obviously it wasn't any good at this establishment.  We had a small meal and left.  The only thing that kept this from being a total waste was getting to see a jazz wedding go by while at the dive bar across the street prior to our reservation.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone I know given the thousand other delicious, lively, and courteous spots that you could spend your time patronizing. Too bad.fantastic food and awesome cocktailsWhat luck - we were able to walk in on the Friday before Mardi Gras and got seated right away.    The dining room was warm, comfortable and attractive and lively but not too loud.     The service was terrific. Professional and very helpful.  We mentioned our friends' difficulty finding produce locally and our server told us about a number of farmers' markets in the area.      I had a mixed greens salad which was good but unremarkable. G had a hog's headcheese and pig ear salad. ??? Well, he liked it. Called it "interesting."    I had deviled crab for an entree served in a crab shell half and with crackers. Very rich and delicious. G had the signature Cochon. He was happy.    For dessert we had "Checker" cake. Chocolate and white cake in a checker pattern with chocolate frosting. Tasted very home made.     Bonus for our meal: a parade had just ended and the floats all zipped past, empty. Like a parade in fast motion.The food here is good -- I just wish they gave you more of it, at these prices. It's like the cooks have a strict limit on how many peas (and everything else) they're allowed to serve.This place wrapped up our weekend dining experience in New Orleans.  Not to mention all the great food we had at Jazz Fest!  A small party of 4 this time enjoyed a smart casual early dinner at this lovely little place!  We went completely local with our dinner choices this evening, from alligator to rabbit, ham hocks to catfish.  Delicious!  We had an inside connection with one of the chef's. ..  makes for an even more delightful experience!  Cochon, a definite must for a trip to the big easy!BEST PLACE EVER! After eating ALL DAY in New Orleans, I was worried that I wouldn't be hungry for Cochon, but I made room in my stomach. I was so excited about the menu items, that I ordered SIX dishes. (This is after I had a muffaletta, etouffe, charbroiled oysters, beignets all in 5 hours). Every single dish we ordered was outstanding. There are very few times when you can go to a restaurant and EVERY dish you order is perfect. I have no complaints on any of the dishes. We ordered the meat pie, a crab cake special, fried alligator with chilli aioli, fried boudin, spicy pork ribs with pickled watermelon, and the MAC AND CHEESE. Yes, MAC AND CHEESE. The mac and cheese was and is everything I look for in mac and cheese. It was creamy, but not too thick. It was cheesy but not overwhelmingly cheesy. It had the perfect amount of cheesy crusty goodness on top. Everything was to die for. I wish I had room for dessert, but I had to pop a couple Rolaids right after devouring almost all six dishes. The only issue I have with this restaurant is the acoustics. The stained cement floors and hard wood walls do not help muffle the noise. It was really busy and extremely loud. I wish they could do something with the sound.Went for lunch while vacationing in NOLA. Very good restaurant. This is a total 5 star place if you like quality, homemade beef and pork. Sweetie, who LOVES pork, swooned over his house made cold cut plate. I don't eat red meat usually, so I had a great sweet potato soup and a great salad. Service was great, explained things well and very attentive. I'd like to go back and try Butcher.I have gone here once and was left thinking one thing. That was fun to try, I would go again only for the whiskey sampler and fried boudin appetizer and then head somewhere else. Our entrees were not at all impressive and the service & atmosphere were mediocre.It is a lovely place. The deco is contemporary, the atmosphere is casual chic.  The food is good, though my catfish is not that flavorful.  I am doing a road trip in the south, and had catfish in every place I stopped by.  The Hummingbird cake is a must.  The portion size is good, not too big.  If you want to go in the evening in the weekend, be sure you book a table.Amazing, thoughtful food prepared by some of the best chefs in the city - and that's saying something. Try the black eyed peas if they have them!This is the ONE restaurant that I always hit when I get into NOLA.  The food is amazing and the service is great.  The atmosphere isn't too loud and you can enjoy the meal.  This is the gem of the Warehouse District, who's Emeril?Macaroni and cheese. Trust me. Order.This was the best place I ate in New Orleans during my last trip there.  The food was fun and innovative.  I ate at the bar that over looks the kitchen and it was amazing to see this restaurant put out food.  All the dishes were thoughtfully created and had a panache to them.  A great example of New Southern food.  There were a few extremely well done vegetarian dishes for those not partaking in the cochon.Had an excellent lunch here yesterday.  We ordered tapas style...fried alligator, pork roast and ribs, liver, Waldorf salad, rabbit dumplings etc.  Very attentive and knowledgeable wait staff.  Rich and delicious food paired with impressive atmosphere and ambiance.  I will come here again.A bit pricey for the servings. Have not had the urge to go back. However, the decor was great and I had no complaints about the quality of the food it just did not stand out for the price.MEAT!!!! And they're doing it fervently. Everything's homemade and delicious.... right down to the pickles.What I loved most of all was the warm and inviting decor, kind of a mix between a sauna and a rustic log cabin... but very clean and spacious. I came here solo and the tables around me were lively and you could tell they were all foodies like me...Had a glass of the Malbec which was fruity and tart in all the right places, the wine list didn't have too many glasses on it but they were varied in body so it encouraged me to try something new. Had the deviled egg gumbo, which was incredible. The spicy and thick gumbo was balanced well by the perfectly devilled egg set in the middle of the bowl. The bread is also perfect here!For my entree, I had redfish prepared fisherman's style along with a twice baked potato (maybe too many scallions for my taste but the cheese on top made me happy). Redfish was some of the best fish I've ever had. Servers worked together well to get food out quickly and make sure I had everything I needed. Great experience and a chance to walk around the warehouse/arts district which I had never done before. I will certainly be back!had my first gator here - it was friggin delicious.  See what's amazing about this restaraunt is deliciousness - 4 courses with ample alchohol and paying what you'd pay in the city for medium vietnamese - yowzers what a steal. The alligator had some happy mystery sauce that was a little cheezy a little cajun and a lot tasty. Go here. Enjoy.The food was great - pleasant refinements on cajun food.  The pork variations are delightful.  Airly, light open dining room, and light wood seating referencing picnic tables definitely added to the experience.   The food and space definitely merit a 3.5, but the waitstaff was a little hostile - multiple clear requests (like "please bring us two waters") that were simply not followed (we got one water).  Not sure what's going on there - the hostess and manager were great.Cochon, the name says it all.  Pork a zillion different delicious ways.  The boucherie plate was a great, especially the country pate.  Cocktails were delicious, and I recommend the moonshine.Everything I ate here was really quite good! From the crayfish & deviled egg gumbo, eggplant and shrimp cassoulet,  fried alligator in chili aioli,  smothered greens,  and the horseradish potato salad (excellent!). The Hurricane here is made with freshly squeezed fruit juice-yep tasty, strong and the best Hurricane I have had. The service was attentive and informative. The street corner outside entertaining. My taxi driver earlier today would have remarked, "it was so good I could have hurt myself."Add us to the fan club. Nothing new to add to prior reviews.We were lead to this restaurant based on all the hype. We had a reservation for 3 at 8:30 and upon arrival at 8:15 we were promptly seated. Although I wouldn't say the restaurant was dead, it wasn't completely packed as I had initially expected. The atmosphere reminded me of just about every other trendy restaurant in NYC which should have lead me to walk out.... but we decided to stay. We ordered the rabbit liver, pork cheek, fried alligator, deep fried pig ear and ribs. The rabbit liver was too gamey in flavor and texture. The pork cheek was the star of the meal and it was delightful. If anybody really wants to visit (I'd say there are over 50 restaurants in NYC that are better) make sure you try the pork cheek.This place is awesome! Everything I have ever eaten here has been amazing! Best boudin balls i've ever had! the wood fired oysters are to die for, and the orange whiskey drink kicks ass!! I love this place!!! Oh yeah, the atmosphere is awesome too... you MUST try the pork belly sandwich at the butcher next door, too!Cochon was the highlight of our trip.  The restaurant has a fun and unique feel inside. Servers are thoughtful, friendly and knowledgeable. The creole inspired menu is very appealing.  Best of all, you get an upscale experience in a casual atmosphere.  Don't leave without trying the fried alligator.  I highly recommend it!i dont know if I can say enough good things about this place. so much pork. so little time. people and the internet kept telling us to check this place out while we were in NOLA and i am so glad that we did. we arrived during the lunch hour rush and were seated at the chef's counter...if you have the opportunity SIT AT THE CHEFS COUNTER....you can see a pig being prepped for the various things that Cochon does to it and maybe get some cracklin samples while you're there. the food is out of this world. i dont even know how to go into detail about it. i had headcheese and i loved it. normally i would get squeamish about that sort of thing but i figured if you're going to eat pork headcheese the best place to try it is at a place that specializes in pork. go. trust me.Ate at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed everything.  A lot of great flavors and cool twists on their dishes.  Highly recommend the fried alligator...don't worry, its tastes like chicken.  Thanks to Carla for the post-brunch moonshine.Had an excellent time here while in town for a convention. Get the whole roasted fish. Also, come during off-peak, like around opening for lunch. You'll be the only one in the house but you'll thank yourself when your peers suggest going for dinner. On the other hand, the bourbon flight was regrettable. You're better off going for a pour of something good. The flight (at least when I was there) was mostly well bourbons. Don't forget to hit their charcuterie shop around the corner on your way out!Upscale atmosphere, upscale presentation, average everything else.  I deleted the rest of my sarcastic posting to remember that for a $23 entree, I was paying to a dining experience, not the cost of the food.  ( just dont ask for bbq sauce).The service was good and the food tasted fine but the portions are way too small for the prices. One of the small plates was basically an 8.00 empanada (like a beef patty). I ordered it because it said "oyster meat pie" and I thought it was something similar to chicken pot pie but it was actually just an empanada that cost eight dollars. One of the entrees was about $20.00 and it was basically a few slices of pork with three pieces of brocolli.We were in NOLA for a convention and to my surprise Cochon was only a few blocks away from the convention center. I had read about the place before going to the Big Easy, but the food exceeded any expectations I may had. If you're in NOLA, this is a must.Heard everyone I know and trust mention Cochon as a must-visit for my first time in NoLa. My friends and I decided to get all small plates so we could sample as many dishes as possible. The rolls are unbelievable, you will want to fill up on them, they're warm and delicious with the salted butter, just perfect. We followed all the recommendations and got the baked oysters, the alligator, the ribs with watermelon pickle.  Not one of these three dishes compared with the pure velvety Southern perfect divinity of the smothered greens, the eggplant dressing and the lima beans, three dishes that don't seem to be recommended here much. The oysters were lovely, no doubt - smoky and cooked to perfection. The ribs were just average, dry and a bit stringy and the watermelon pickle was super sweet and didn't really go with the meat, kind of like that sauce Chinese restaurants give you in the takeout bag for your ribs. Honestly, the alligator was kind of gross, four people agreed. The coating is weird, halfway between panko-delicate and Kentucky fried. Not crispy and kind of limp, with a vaguely gummy texture and a flavor we couldn't place, but not in a good, exotic, "wow, I've never eaten anything quite like this before" way but in a "this could be chicken, this could be some kind of tofu" bewilderment way.Our drinks were very good, we had Tiger Tails (made with tequila) and very good wine. A lemon tart for dessert was just fair, a little too sugary for me. The prices are super reasonable. I would definitely give Cochon another try, and maybe try the porky stuff more.Oh Cochon how I wanted to LOVE you but I just can't. We went all out and got a few small plates and some entrees so we could experience it all, so I'll break down each one.Wood fried oyster roast- INCREDIBLE!!!! That's all. I wanted to eat 5 more of these plates.Fried boudin- Ok; flavors were  really good but they were fried too long so they were slightly too oily.Smoked pork ribs- Ick, these were terrible. They were swimming in their own grease and were chewy and not at all tender (and my family owns BBQ joints)Pork cheeks-These were delish!! The meat was so tender and the flavors were incredible!Mushroom salad- Yummy, but the dried lemon slices were extremely bitter, so I had to pick them out of the salad before I finished.This is where the yumminess stopped, in my opinion. The cochon was the best entree, but it wasn't nearly as good as I had expected it to be. It seemed like glorified pulled pork to me. The brisket was not very good; the meat was really tough and chewy, but the horseradish potato salad was pretty good. I had a chicken dish which was extremely overcooked, oily and dry, and the accompaniments (minted peas and other veggies) were cold. The staff were great, though, and were really thorough, but my expectations were definitely not met here. I was pretty disappointed with my meal with the exceptions of a few gems explained above.Went out for my sister's birthday.  Food was excellent.  All local beers.  I will definitely go again!Cochon was highly recommended by friends.  We enjoyed our dinner there.  Very eclectic mix of patrons (trendy, business, family).  We had the pasta with chicken. It was very good.  The shrimp appetizer was excellent as well.It was a pretty good place.  I got the Swimming Hole cocktail and the Louisiana Cochon with cracklins, pickled peaches, turnips and cabbage.  It was very good, the meat done just right.  We didn't have to wait long for a table either. My only complaint was that the staff seemed a bit unfriendly and weren't too attentive.  I would recommend the place though.Delicious food and many different things to try. It's not in the french quarter and you will find many locals here. I'm there every time I visit New Orleans and they seem to change up the menu a bit every time, but leave plenty of the classics around. The food is creative and original, but not too the point that it gets too complex.  Definitely make a reservation either the night before or early the next day as they book up quick!When I first came to New Orleans, Cochon scared me. Having seen the insane cuisine this city has to offer, I finally decided to do it, and I was not disappointed. I went for the pork cheeks "small plate" and a side of mac 'n cheese, both of which were fantastic. Had no idea what pork cheeks would taste like, but they were amazing and whatever was on them complemented the flavor wonderfully. Luckily for my mother, not the biggest pork fan, they also happened to have a soft-shelled crap special, which she loved. We all shared the oysters with chili butter sauce and the votes were unanimous that they were delicious. Not too spicy, just enough to work. The service was good, nothing memorable, but the food made a serious impression for sure.I'll start by saying I have only been twice, and it has been a while.  The food was great.  The atmosphere is really nice as well.  I've recommended it to friends, and it hasn't disappointed.These reviews on Yelp are accurate.  Cochon is quite good. The space had a convivial vibe and was large with lots of wood and an open kitchen in the back, but it wasn't defeaningly loud like it could have been.  Nearly all the food sampled in our group of 7 was quite good.  The cochon and the fish of the day (redfish) were particular favorites.  The sauce was a great blend of slight sweetness from the roasted peaches, with some vinegar tang that was a great compliment to the well cooked pork.  The cracklins really gave the dish some nice textural contrast.  The alligator appetizer was great.  It came in a spicy aoili with mint.  Some were very anxious about eating alligator, but after one taste, it was a challenge to keep them away from the remainder of the dish.  The banana pudding and the milkshake cake were the favorite desserts, especially the banana pudding. The wines by the glass were a little limited and a little pricey.  I think the menu would have benefited from some more full-body, fruit reds, such as Zin. Only downsides if you're with a group, they automatically add a 20% gratuity, they don't split checks, and only allow 4 different payments. I would recommend figuring out a way to overcome these obstacles to be able to enjoy a meal here.Wood fired oysters were delisch (disclosure - they had a spicy sauce) and the pigs cheeks tender (and were spicy as well but he grits tempered that. Service was great- especially he follow up. I thought the drinks were a little undersized.  The alligator looked good , as did the Mac 'n cheese- neither of which I had. overall it was very good and I would return.I really wanted to like this spot. Cool atmosphere, nice service. We had 5 apps and a main and only 1 we loved.1) pickled mirliton and beet salad with deviled eggs---OK, nothing wowing.2) fried alligator---tough and flavourless3) jalepeno spoonbread---bland4) Veal cheeks---solid flavour, good texture5) mushroom and onion salad with beef jerky---AMAZING, worth going just for this dish...and infact i would. Just a wonderful flavour combo , perfectly balanced dressing...6)Louisiana couchon---dissapointing. It came out like a croquette---it was deep fried and the texture was like it was but through the blender...i was sad :0(Yummy! Love the grape soda at the bar, the wonderful service, and the creative dishes coming out of the kitchen. Pork, pork, and more pork. One of the best places I've ever dined at!This is the restaurant that I was waiting to uncover in New Orleans.  I know that all food is slow food when it comes to this leisurely town, but I wanted Slow Food.  If you are like me, a die-hard fan of the pig, then you will be overjoyed by Cochon.  It's a little on the spendy side, but not bad for this caliber of cuisine.  The interior is lovely, perfect to impress a date, go out for dinner with friends, or even for business lunch.  I love the charcutterie and the ribs with pickled watermelon.food was incredible.  Everything that our waiter recommended was so delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  Ambiance- okay- modern.stunningly good.i wish i had a second stomach so i could enjoy more of the menu in one sitting.we arrived without reservations, and were ushered to the chef's table/bar.  we got free head cheese which was excellent, and proceeded to enjoy an odyssey of flavor and texture that leaves my mouth watering to this day.i would drive to new orleans from austin just to eat here.highly recommended.my favorite are the in-house cured meats on the charcuterie plate.  the ham hock is the biggest taste explosion of ham ever, and they have a nice selection of beers.  watching them lovingly prepare the food over the counter helped me understand why the food was so amazing.  these guys and girls not only know their way around a kitchen, but they imbue every bite with a little bit of creole love.Everything I tried at this restaurant was absolutely amazing. My main dish was the rabbit and dumplings which was so good that I can't wait to go back and get it again. I'd recommend it to anyone. The menu choices are way different and interesting. I'll definitely be back here every time I'm in the area. This restaurant pretty much changed my life. Nuff said.Saw an ad for this place on a flight and decided that next time I was in the area that I was going to try it out. Now, I am a fan of the Brennan's and their restaurants, but this place definitely stands out. For the gestation I had the Alligator with chili garlic aioli to start with the ham hocks with sweet potatoes and black eyed peas for an entree. The ambiance isn't quite as nice as Brennan's, but not a deal breaker. I enjoyed everything including a pitcher of Harpoon IPA(don't judge me)  all for a much less price than the Bourbon House.Excellent food, horrible service. I was really looking forward to this restaurant but the experience was ruined by the impersonal, unfriendly service from everyone beginning with the hostess, and continued by the bartender, waitress and servers (with the exception of one young man). We also felt extremely rushed. I will not eat here again nor would I recommend it. There are so many restaurants in New Orleans where you can get get excellent food and outstanding service - this place is not one of those. A big disappointment.Great food, awesome bread, wonderful alligator and Abita Beers! A bit over priced, but very nice place to stop. I will return. Wait staff is very friendly.My favorite restaurant, love the Bourbon flight. great fish, great brisket with horse radish mash potatoes, always something out of your comfort zone; head cheese, beets, etc. wait staff is great, managers always stop by. get a reservation cause they are loved by many.At first I was a little worried when I looked at their menu.  Nothing jumped out at me and the prices were pretty high.  I decided to get the oysters that were grilled and they were absolutely fabulous.  Some of the best oysters I have had in a long time.  I also really enjoyed the horseradish potato salad.  Never have had horseradish in my potato salad but would highly recommend it.  Very close to convention center so you can walk on your breaks.Excellent poor boy on a butter biscuit!  Good service.   I'll definitely return.Cochon is really a restaurant for meat lovers. Unfortunately, I am a vegetarian and didn't get to try any of the succulent meat dishes that others in my party had, but, nonetheless, I still recognized the greatness of this restaurant. For my first course I had the greens salad, which was pretty good. I wasn't really expecting it to be as good as it was because at meat oriented restaurants/steakhouses house salads usually are sub-par. But at Cochon, the salad tasted light, citrusy, and delicious. It was a very good prelude of what was to come.For my main course I had the mac and cheese casserole. It is FANTASTIC. Everything mac and cheese should be: creamy, salty, crispy, with a good layer of cheese on the top. After all of that goodness, how could I not get dessert? I got the lemon sorbet which was amazing. I love anything lemon flavored, so this really hit the spot.Cochon is truly a great restaurant. It's fun, friendly, and very southern. I probably would not have come here if it hadn't been for some of my friends that wanted to try it, but if you're into meat and good food this is the place for you.I had heard great things about the restaurant, and was eager to try it out for myself. I'm so glad that I was able to have dinner here for my last night in New Orleans! Everything from start to finish was delicious! Try the Swimming Hole for a refreshing, and not too sweet cocktail. The sweet bread that they serve as you sip on your drinks, is amazing. I had to ask for another round because I couldn't get enough! The highlights of the many dishes we ordered? The wood-fired oyster roast, fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle, and the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. You can't go wrong with ordering one or all of those! Just be careful, or you won't have room for dessert. The coconut lime sorbet is a perfect and refreshing way to end your meal. Enjoy!Sis and I stopped in for a quick snack - we tried the mac n cheese, grits, greens and the fried gator!  Everything was great except the grits - they were just meh - but what do you expect from grits.  BUT the gator was so fantastic!  The pairing with the mint was such a great and unexpected combo!  Try it, don't be scurred!Catfish. Very good.Take my advice.... plan your trip to N'awlins based on how many meals you can eat at Cochon, Herbsaint, and Cochon Butcher.  First let me say that the service is what I'd call "Southern Hospitality in it's finest form". Thank you to the amazing staffs of the restaurants. Next, let me say that you should be prepared to eat several of the best tasting dishes you'll ever taste in your life!  Several!  Wow! The flavors are mind-boggling!  Thank you ALL!!!I loved this restaurant.   I am so glad that I made a reservation a few days before hand or else we would never have gotten seated! Tried so many different types of meats-some I did not want to know what part of the animal they were from. But everything was delicious! Soooo good.A very, very solid four stars. Hope you like pork. Been three times and have not been disappointed. Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins -- yes please. The Boudin balls are also totally sick. Atmosphere is open but not loud, nice but not stuffy. Staff are friendly. Go.This place came highly recommended, and rightfully so.  Great atmosphere, nice staff, delicious food.Started with Alligator and Wood-Fired Oysters.  Alligator was ok, oysters were divine.  Had the brisket and horseradish potato salad.  Don't leave here without trying the Horseradish potato salad!  Dessert we shared a pineapple upside-down cake.  Overall, great meal.Make sure you work this into your NOLA visit! So good! Definitely make a reservation - this place is packed! Service was very friendly, but more importantly, the food is amazing! We ordered oysters, fried alligator, stuffed baked potato, collard greens (we're dying for some veggies by this point so happy to see this on the menu), beef brisket. I'd definitely come back!Alligator was yummy! Also tried hush puppies, dumplings, fish (slightly overcooked), ckn thigh (a lil burnt) pork cheek, & the Mac & Chz was AWESOME! cute place & good service ;o)PROS:Food was awesome. Ample sunlight during the day to take awesome pictures.Get the oyster roast. You will not be disappointed!Get their signature cochon entree. You will really not be disappointed. I got the rabbit and dumplings. If you have a super discerning tongue, then you'd be able to tell that it was rabbit. Otherwise, delicious.They have their own house hot sawse. Yummy!CONS: Our waitress was a slightly snooty hipster type. The worst kind of hipster. Blech...If you have a peanut allergy, like someone in my party did, your food choices will be limited. Stick to non-fried items. All in all, do not pass up a high-end/quality, but not ridiculously overpriced, Top 10 Restaurants of the U.S. eatery.This place was an NOLA affordable treat.  Great food and excellent service.I absolutely LOVE the food at Cochon.  The cocktail and wine list are amazing as well, and the service is outstanding.  The only reason I give a 4 start instead of 5 star review is that the menu is a bit limited, so it is hard to take some of my friends there who prefer not to eat pork.  But for folks like me who love the pig, this place is great!We were intrigued by the Bon Apetit claim that this was one the 20 most important restaurants in the US.  Relative to that expectation, we were disappointed.  The wood roasted oysters were in puddles of grease, though good tasting.  The soft-shell crab entree was plump and well fried, but it was on a bed of pickled cucumbers.  Weird combo.  The blackened fish was good, but that's taken for granted in NO.  We did not see any indication that this was an extraordinary restaurant.  I might have given one more star if not for the hyped up expectations.  Oddly, the service was inexcusably inattentive and our waiter did not know the menu.   The noise level is deafening.I wish I could afford to eat here for every meal.  You have to try the dumplings and the chocolate chip bread putting.  So delicious!In an effort to find a good place to dine, I took the recommendation of a local and ventured around the corner from my hotel only to experience some of the best seafood I have had during my short stint in New Orleans.  Contrary to the delightful pork dishes Cochon is about, there are a couple of other items to choose as a main entree besides swine.  I began my evening with some local brew, Abita IPA and the Wood Fire Roasted Oysters which were fantastic.  Oh, I miss the girth and flavor of the Gulf oysters which were only enhanced with a savory array of spices hinted with a smokey touch.  As my main meal, I took advantage of the soft shell crab accompanied with the cucumber salad that was the evening special.  I allowed the bartender to choose a wine and the Gruner Vetliner of Gobelsburger delivered was a perfect crisp yet dry wine that worked well with the fried dish.  The crab was a treat in of itself because soft shell is so limited in availability; however, I could of easily ordered another round of oysters instead.  Funny part is I had two servings of oyster the following night.  In fact, it was my last supper in the Big Easy.  As you can see, I really enjoyed Cochon.Great restaurant!  We were recommended this place by our hotel concierge.  Such an adventurous menu but still really accessible to non-foodies and delicious.  Our server was so sweet and accommodating to our large party.  I was particularly excited about the wood-fired oysters, beer selection and pork shoulder appetizer.  Everything that came out was delicious.  This place almost has a NYC vibe inside.  I would recommend it for lunch or dinner.  Just delicious!We ate here on a Monday night. We made a reservation for 9 p.m. and got there a little early but we ordered some drinks at the bar and got seated pretty quickly after that. I can't remember what I drank, but it was delicious and interesting. I don't think it's listed on their website currently. We started with the wood-fired oyster roast which I loved. I like oysters but I don't LOVE oysters so when they are really large they tend to freak me out a little. One of the oysters on the plate was gigantic and it was so well seasoned and creamy, I didn't feel the slightest bit weird about it. I thought these were great. We also had the fried alligator which was tossed in a chili sauce. The sauce reminded me a little bit of wing sauce (this isn't a bad thing!) and the meat was super tender. After that we ordered the pork cheeks with corn grits and tomato salad. I wasn't sure what to expect with this one--I have never even seen a pork cheek. These were also really good, tender morsels of meat. This dish was one of my boyfriend's favorite things we ate on our trip to New Orleans and we ate a LOT. For our entree we had the rabbit and dumplings. This was good, but kind of underwhelming compared to the appetizers. Dessert was the pineapple upside down cake with coconut lime sorbet and dulce de leche. This was a great end to the meal! The cake had a really good rustic cornmeal texture and came out warm. Would definitely like to try some other dishes at Cochon on our next trip to New Orleans.I had an unforgettable dinner with my family here last weekend. My dad made our reservation and is definitely not someone I would consider "hip," but this place was really cool, our waiter was super-polite and the food was phenomenal. We sampled a little bit of everything (which I highly recommend), but my favorites were the fried boudin (giant breaded sausage ball), creamy grits and fried alligator. I also had a delicious bourbon drink with house-made ginger ale -- and I'm not a bourbon drinker. A must if you're in NO!I got one word for you moonshine! The Catdaddy moonshine that they tastes like Christmas. The food is delicious we had fried boudin balls that were scrumptious. The fried rabbit liver was perfectly seasoned.  The pork checks were so tender. For dinner the oven roasted gulf fish was flaky with a perfect amount of lemon pepper taste. Service was a bit hurried for NOLA  so you should order apps than your dinner after you are finished with your apps. But seriously  try the moonshine. If you don't want to have it straight you should ask for a mixture welches grape soda and Virginia moonshine.beautifully re-imagined southern cooking...perhaps they should re-imagine their service to match.we had the alligator, ribs, pork cheeks, cucumber salad, broccoli casserole, banana cream pie, and pineapple upside down cake.  all of it was delicious.  the ribs weren't quite as tender as some others we've had, but the sauce was phenomenal, thus making up for it.i would have liked to strangle the hostess; she was standing behind the host station with her arms folded across her chest from the moment we walked in the door.  she didn't even quite look up at us until we started addressing her.  basically, she acted cold and stand-offish.  the wait staff was very friendly, but slow.  and a million different people served us, so there was no genuine interaction.  it's hard to feel like someone is interested in your dining experience when it's never the same person talking to you twice.good food, nice place, and i'd surely go back.  but i'll have a stiff drink to loosen my nerves before i go.we stopped in NOLA, and man if cochon didn't feel like a little bit of our home (SF). the place was packed on a friday night as expected, but we nabbed the two last spots at the bar without reservations. we got to watch their kitchen run like clockwork...it was a nice treat! the alligator was divine, and since i'd eaten this little delicacy when i was a kid going to florida for spring break with my parents, i knew what to expect. my boyfriend's first words after a bite? "oh...this tastes just like...chicken." the cilantro was a nice touch, but since the boy doesn't eat it, i was the lucky one to get extra!the chef also sent by a headcheese amuse bouche perked up with some mustard and pickles. such a nice treat--how was i supposed to fit the catfish in my nearly-full stomach, and my partner-in-crime's rabbit dumplings? but that's just what we did. and it was fantastic. no room for dessert, buf if i ever get the chance to go back to NOLA this will be a must-stop.This place is really as good as it gets.  Everything from the meat sampler to the wine was fantastic, tasty, well balanced and expertly prepared.  Great service, well appointed location, clean and original.  I must for anyone wanting something different but yet unique to New Orleans.The pork belly was fantastic. Cochon was good, and the fried alligator was decent.The wood fired oysters are sure to leave a smile on your face. You will be able to recognize the wood grill in each bite and I dare you not to lick the oyster for every last drop of the scrumptious sauce it was cooked in. If you are in the mood for a local Gulf Coast brew, ask for a pint of Lazy Magnolia. The ambience was warm and lively. My only slight complaint are the smallish portions for the price but perhaps my young wallet is not too use to "fine dining".We traveled a long way to visit New Orleans, and Cochon in particular.  I'd recommend that small parties sit at the bar for dinner!  We had some beautiful roasted oysters there, and a nice glass of Gruner Veltliner.  The bartenders were helpful and friendly.  When we went to our table, the experience was still good but our server was a little arch.  Anyway, the rabbit livers were delicious with that pepper jelly!  And we had the cochon pork which was rich and succulent; I would have liked a bit more turnips and cabbage, as they were what drew me to that dish.  My husband had the brisket and horseradish potato salad, also fantastic -- one caveat is that the potato salad surprised us by being cold.  It was great and worked perfectly with the brisket, we just weren't expecting it!The food here is amazing.  I have eaten both their lunch menu and their New Years Eve special menu.  Both were fantastic.  Be sure to try their signature drinks.  If you are staying in the French Quarter its definitely worth the walk or cab ride.  Great and helpful wait staff.  Good comfortable atmosphere.  Highly recommended.This was the first place we ate in NO. For a Thursday it was pretty busy so my friend and I sat at the bar and were presently greeted by the 2 bartenders. Both were very attentive getting us getting us menus and drinks. He was able to answer our questions about the menu as well as the different whiskeys and moonshines that they offered. My friend and I are very open to exotic foods and I planned on getting just about anything that was different for me.  We shared fried alligator with chili garlic aioli, Rabbit liver with pepper jam(omg so good) and Kale soup with smoked pork to start and I must add that all were quite amazing. The entrees we shared also they were the oyster bacon sandwich... y ummy. The other was entree was the ribs and man they really just melted in your mouth. I would totally go again!!! Also they have a whiskey tasting that I will have to go back for next time too!Cochon is the reason you should get out of the French Quarter to get a good meal. The oyster and bacon Po'boy was fantastic. The bacon was the best I have had in a long time. The "mustard crusted ham hock with stewed shell peas & greens"  was also very tasty. Special mention for the bread. The place is beautiful, the service is good. What else would you want? Just go there.They say southerners know how to use every part of the pig but the squeal.  I would not be surprised to see the squeal work its way onto the menu here and still be delicious.  I've eaten here a number of times and it has been outstanding ever time.  Do yourself a favor and get the boucherie for a sampling of the house-cured meats (available at Butcher around the back).  Everything on the menu involving pork is outstanding, and their fish deserves a stern nod and a toast with a sacalait punch.  I have a short list of "Don't miss" restaurants for friends and family coming to town, and this is one of them.THIRD VISIT .....disappointed. Boudin balls were the best item on the table and the first order of bread was the second. The bread refill was a drop-off. Service was good, again but not exceptional. I could not wait for the ribs, again ..... I should have waited. They're grilled over an open flame and were charred pretty bad, The fried gator was chewy and tough. On to find another -NOLA fav restaurant. ((sigh)) Consistency is critical for a pricey establishment.Amazing!  The smell as you walk in gets all your salivary glands going! The Louisiana Cochon is simply amazing! The alligator is a must. The specialized drink menu is refreshing, try the swimming hole! Was a wonderful meal during a weekend at the big easy!i ate here during my epic train journey around the US during the past month, and although there were some high points, overall i was a little disappointed. * wood-fired oyster roast: excellent. smoky and just the right amount of spice and vinegar. i'd get this again in a heartbeat* chile and goat cheese hush puppies: good, but not amazing. nice and moist, but no chile taste that i could discern. * iceberg wedge with radishes, bacon and buttermilk dressing: unremarkable. the dressing was nice, but the cubes of bacon and radish were hard and it was difficult to eat them together with the iceberg wedge, which had some brown edges. bleh.* rabbit and dumplings: not so good. far too salty, although the texture of the dumplings was good. the meat was tender, but bland other than the almost metallic taste of the salt. service was good and friendly, and i love the decor here--seating is open and comfortable, and the light wood slatted effect is pleasing. i'd come here again and try some other things.A chef-friend from San Francisco recommend this place. It was a 10. I literally used the warm homemade buttery bread to consume all sauces left on my plates. The onion casserole dish, the pork special, the service. Don't miss this place!Nice cozy restaurant that is a little out of the way, but the food is delicious. It's a little pricy for the portion, but that was expected. The design of the restaurant is trendy and it can get pretty crowded at night. We ended up sitting on the bar with barely any place to put anything. But I loved watching the cooks make the food over the counter.My wife and went for our final dinner in NOLA, and were not disappointed. What a feast, from start to finish. They seated us early, the waiter was great and super helpful, and even the other patrons were so happy with their meals and what they ordered that they couldnt help but show them off and share. I have almost never seen that before. We started with the wood-fired oyster roast, and the pork cheeks...wow. Amazing. I had the cochon with cracklings, a great beer, and we shared two fantastic desserts. A fantastic, epic meal, one I will remember for the rest of my life.pulled pork and pickles are the best thing on earth, and this place nails it!I've eaten at Cochon's on two occasions when I've had the chance to visit New Orleans. I believe this is my favorite restaurant in the world. Yes, the world. I've travelled to a lot of cities and countries around the globe, so I don't say this lightly. The atmosphere, service, drinks, and especially the food are all fantastic. Call early to get a reservation b/c they book up fast.  If they have pork cheeks on the menu, get them!Ate last night with my girlfriend, her sister and a friend. Great environment and delightful wait staff. As expected, menu was adventurous, but well thought out and delicious. We had the Mustard Crusted Ham Hock, Oyster and Bacon Sandwich, and the highly recommended Cochon. Only gripe (however minute), all the people in our party received their food a couple minutes before myself. Didn't change the fact that the food was fantastic and the wait staff was friendly and professional. Will definitely dine again (though butcher is more my day to day dining experience).Amazing food... fun atmosphere that's more casual than the menu (and prices would suggest). A great restaurant all aroundTried mac & cheese, fried alligator, fried cheese curds & buffalo oysters and it was all delicious. We didn't have room for dessert but they looked really good. The atmosphere was pleasant, good for intimate conversation and candlelit lighting (can't recall if actual candles but was dim).Hostess was an epic fail. Refused to put two 4-top tables together even though the place had 10 open tables. Once seated our experience was excellent. Server made up for the hostess. The starters we selected did not disappoint. Was still miffed about the hostess when half way through our meal there were still eight open tables. The dinner finally erased our seating blues. Could become my favorite in NOLA.Every dish was a delight. Will return when I'm back in NOLA for sure.Rabbit and dumplings are ssoooooo yummyFantastic Experience, an absolute must go for anyone in New Orleans. We went and enjoyed a few small plates and drinks at the bar on a thursday evening. This is clearly a spot where local chefs come to eat and drink, as we were talking to the people around us who were all in the industry. Our Bartenders were very knowledgeable and attentive. Service was on point and water glasses were always full. The pigs ear with cantaloupe and arugula salad was my favorite, but everything was great. Boudin Balls, great, shrimp and eggplant dressing, great, crab stuffed artichoke, suprise, Great. A perfect place to spend my birthday,  and very reasonably priced.Had the mustard crusted ham hock.  It was awesome. The baked peanuts that it was served with were soft and delicious, almost like boiled peanuts. Service was a tad slow in that we waited a while for tea and refills were sluggish, but everyone was friendly and the food was outstanding. A very live atmosphere, noisy but not uncomfortably so. I say go there.My best meal in NOLA was had at Cochon. We had lunch and I had the dish after the namesake, the pork Cochon. It really was great. My wife had the red fish, which she throughly enjoyed as well. Our waiter was fantastic: patient and helpful. We ate at several other so called 'institutions' of New Orleans and nothing really held up the way that Cochon did.Probably a 3.5 if I could give it.  I think I heard of the restaurant on the either the food or travel network so I decided to give it a try.  The restaurant location makes parking relatively easy to find, and its new and chic interior sets it apart from the older new orleans restaurants.   I've tried the oyster roast and the boucherie plate and I would recommend the boucherie plate to anybody looking for something interesting to try.  For the main courses, I've tried the smoked beef brisket and the lousiana chochon.  In my opinion, I enjoyed the brisket more than the pork dish (although that's what they specialize in).  The brisket had a lot of flavor and was very well cooked while I personally thought the pork was a little dry for my liking.  Overall, I would recommend the place, especially to those who love pork, but would rather try taking company elsewhere in terms of great food.I chose Chocon for a five person business dinner on a weeknight.  No problem getting a reservation and we were seated immediately on arrival.  I ordered the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad for dinner.  It was terrific.  Good smoke flavor and the entree was served in one bowl, which allowed the brisket sauce/juice to be mixed with the potato salad.  Very good!!  I also had a great draft beer, the locally brewed Heiner Brau Strawberry Ale.  It was definitely not filtered, which provided great flavor.  Service was good.This was our best meal in our week of feasts in New Orleans.Delicious!  Our first visit to Cochon was a good one: good service (other than the ridiculous hostess who said we would have to wait 30-45 minutes even though there were plenty of open tables), great atmosphere, tasty & unique food!  Oh & Nicolas Cage was at the next table... that definitely didn't hurt :)We started with the Fried Pig Ears (awesome!  don't be scared - they taste & look like French Fries), the boucherie plate, & the rabbit livers.  Next we had the rabbit dumplings.  We finished the meal with some pie & moonshine.  Excellent meal.  Only so-so dish was the rabbit livers.  The next day we went back to the butcher shop that they have next door.  Fantastic sandwiches & great wine options!I'm Cajun - Donald Link is as well - and he's taken the food I grew up with and bumps it up several notches - this is THE restaurant you must try when in New Orleans - we tried many apps, and each had entrees and were not disappointed - blown away is more like it.  Service is great and unobtrusive.  Can't wait to go back when I'm in the area!Very creative small dishes; Normally, in New Orleans I would not go to the same restaurant twice, but this trip lead to Cochon twice. The desserts are expensive, but worth it. I did not eat an entry, but stuck to small plates, soups, and salads. All wonderful. Even having dinner at the bar was interesting (I usually avoid sitting at the bar for dinner).I was in NOLA for a conference.  Cochon is just a couple of blocks away, so our lunch group decided to try it after finding it on the web.The menu is quite creative.  I don't know if I'd call it Cajun, though.  Then again, I'm no expert on Cajun food.  Let's just say, though, that this is GREAT food.We all started with the fried alligator with the aioli.  I thought the aioli would come on the side, but the alligator was already dressed with it.  It was great.  Alligator does taste like chicken, but the aioli gave it that little kick that set it apart.I went twice, and this first time I had the smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad.  The brisket was incredibly tender, but I would have liked to see a little less fat. One piece was almost all fat.  Still, the taste was excellent, and the sauce didn't overpower everything.  I am not a fan of potato salad, but I love horseradish; so, I didn't know what to expect.  I should not have worried, as the side was very good.When I returned the next day for lunch again I had the catfish courtbouillon.  Catfish never tasted so good, and that's saying something considering that catfish is a bottom-feeder.  It was all very good.Service was excellent, except for the fact that they won't take an appetizer order (the alligator).  They have to take the entire order at once, according to our server.  Also, I had an Arnold Palmer to drink, and they charged me each time ($3) to refill it.  I thought that was a bit much.  They also charge each time for a soft drink refill.If I had stayed longer I would have gone back for dinner, but this place sure was a gem of a find.My friend summed up this restaurant succinctly by saying, "I wanted to like it more," which is exactly how I feel. The cocktails & appetizers were outstanding. The entrees were good, except my rabbit & dumplings which I found a touch salty. Nice moonshine selection.Early dinner reservation for one, while in town on business.Friendly and helpful maître d'.  Friendly and competent waiter, although at this price point I wished he knew the food better (he was familiar with some of the menu but did not know all the dishes or ingredients).I ordered enough for three people, ate for two, and took the leftovers with me for lunch the next day.The dishes ranged from good to great.  Fantastic and well-seasoned tongue appetizer.  Fantastic, smokey, hot gumbo.  Good cochon entrée--but a little dry.  Needed more moisture or fat.  Great rabbit stew.Disappointing wine list; nothing terribly interesting.I would definitely go back, even though they could improve a few things (staff expertise, rough edges of some dishes, better wine list).I was very much looking forward to Cochon during my New Orleans vacation. If this review was based on food alone, I'd give the restaurant 5 stars. I ordered a half bottle of champagne to get me through dinner, while my friend ordered a bourbon sampler. I started with the deviled crab and butter crackers appetizer, which was brought out at the same time as the Arugula salad (which was refreshing after way too much fried food during my stay). The deviled crab was good, but pretty standard fare, while the dressing on the salad was extremely refreshing, and the crispy pig ears a delight. I must say, this was my favorite part of my meal. I then had the rabbit and dumplings for my main meal - the rabbit was succulent and moist, the dumplings didn't do much for me. I ended dinner with the fried apple pie, which reminded my friend and I of an apple fritter (at least in taste). It was still very good as she and I both finished our pies. The rub came with service. Unfortunately it left a bit to be desired. At no point after my friend finished her bourbon sampler, was she asked if she would like anything else to drink. I kept having to refill my own wine glass, since they only came back once to check on that. Unlike the other tables around us, we had to ask for dessert menu, and we weren't asked if we wanted any coffee. the final service straw came when one bite into dessert, the server unceremoniously plopped the check into the middle of the table, without a word and walked away. I guess he decided we were finished. When you are spending a pretty penny, and eating as much as my friend and I did, we expect better service (or at least the service the tables around us are receiving.)One of my favorite New Orleans restaurants and recommend to anyone visiting looking for some Cajun-style cooking. Love the rabbit & dumplings as an alternative to the pork dishes.As good as all the yelpers have said. Inventive dishes, great quality food, hip and active scene -- this place was just terrific. Went there with a group of six and got a circular table perfect for conversations.Great food, decent service, sitting at the chef's table is great. I love watching them make all the plates.Jalapeno sausage was terrific. Mac and cheese was also excellent - in fact, good enough to order a second round. The cochon entree was very tasty. The meat was very juicy and flavorful. I'd go back.Great food and great service. Loved the fried alligator.If I could rate this five negative stars, I would.  We walked into an empty restaurant with 9 people and said we could split up if needed.  Waitress said no problem & said she'd have the hostess seat us.  When the hostess came up to the stand she said she didn't have room but we could eat outside.  (it was windy & cold.)   The restaurant was empty!  We went over to Bouche and had THE MOST AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!  Go there, not here.Got the ham hock which was very well done on a bed of red beans. I'm a big fan, can't wait to go back. Price was also reasonable.Cool vibe but service was ok. We ordered a million tapas and they were all tasty. I think it was due to the fact that we waited for two hours for our table so everyone was starving but I still want to give them credit for their dishes. One word of advice thought, stay away from the MOONSHINE! No bueno.Amazing lunch;  chicken andouille gumbo, pig rind snacks, pork ribs, rabbit liver and broiled oysters!  Wow!  I will be back!This chef knows what he is doing. Check out his Butcher shop next door.Packed on a Weds. night.  But  able to get a reservation for 5 people same day with no problem.  They serve beer by the pitcer at a reasonable price.Liked:fried alligatorboudinfried oyster and bacon sandwichrabbit and dumplingsso-so:pear turnover but loved the almond ice cream that accompanied itGreat food - especially the pork dishes.  Service was ok, but not great.  Very busy place.Everything I've had here is great! I recommend getting a lot of plates and sharing.  The eggplant and shrimp dressing is solid.  Their rabbit livers and pepper jelly are another great sampling.Absolutely love this place.  I've been here a good number of times and will definitely come back for more. The food here is so delicious, and I love that the plates are tapas style, so you can always share with your group. My favorites are the Pumpkin Calas, Fried Alligator, Fried Boudin Balls, and the Mac n Cheese. Oh and the cocktails are great too! Yummy!I just love the overall feel of this place. A nice social, down-to-earth place. An excellent restaurant to bring out-of-town guests to..I've already brought my brother and good friend from California here on two separate occasions, and they too have loved it. Also, I never had to wait long for a table, and the servers have always been efficient and nice.Go here, you won't be disappointed!Dropped in for a quick lunch by myself.  This was my second restaurant in New Orleans The restaurant is in the middle of nowhere but I'm glad I stopped in.  I ordered the braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut potato cakes, apple sauce & goat feta ($11) as well as a side of twice-baked stuffed potato ($5).  The portion size was really small so when they say "small plate" it actually is a small portioned plate.  I got 3 small pieces of pork cheeks on my plate but it was delicious nonetheless.  I could really taste the flavors of the pork and potato cake and the whole dish just complicated each other really well.  The place was nice and casual.  The staff smiled and greeted me when I walked in although she made it a little awkward that I was coming in to eat alone.  The wait staff took turns coming by my table to check on the food.  There was an open kitchen which I love.Great service and food. Nice modern space with exposed brick walls and open kitchen. I highly recommend their fried alligator with chili aioli appetizer. The mint leaves surprisingly worked very well with the dish and completed the overall taste factor. Also, their grits are so amazing, I'm giving this place 5 stars.Since this is one of the renown restaurants in New Orleans, be sure to make a reservation weeks in advance.We only had 4 days in NO - I could have came here everyday for every meal and would have been content. The grilled oysters maybe the best dish I ever had!  The charcuterie plate was amazing. If you love food, you will love this place.Good service, food good and more variety then some menus for southern cooking. Had crawfish pie, gumbo with egg and alligator.  All good!Following the advice of a friend, my boyfriend and I came here for a nice night out during our visit to the Crescent City. Like other reviewers before me, and despite the supposed pork theme of the restaurant, I preferred the non-pork appetizers to our ham hock main course. The ham hock was certainly tasty and very rich - our favorite part was trying the chicken hearts - but it was almost a different meal from the light and fun appetizers.We really loved the oysters, alligator and gumbo, and would recommend just getting a bunch of the small dishes plus dessert. If you love caramel like my bf does, don't miss the Chocolate Cream Pie with salted caramel... mmmm delish!Coming from Chicago, we found the price to be extremely reasonable. At a comparable restaurant like the Purple Pig, all the food an booze that we indulged in would have cost us well over $100, but here it came in comfortably under.Friendly, knowledgeable staff and a fun atmosphere completed the perfect experience.This place rocks. Has it all and you can tell from the crowds, they know what they are doing. I was in town for the tail end of the jazz festival and a wireless conference and had dinner at the back counter. It's all good!Prices are a bit high, but it is great!Food was great and so was the atmosphere. I got the fried alligator and loved it. The ribs were perfect; fall off the bone tender and covered with a sweet and spicy BBQ sauce. Definitely hit this place up.Outstanding food and service. The cochon is unbelievably good and the cracklin's can't be beat! The rabbit was tender and cooked just right, with yummy, perfectly browned dumplings! They accommodated my young children - picky eaters! The mac & cheese is a winner. Go and enjoy!Enjoyed our experience here which was basically a pit stop among many other eateries on our culinary walking adventure. As vegetarians, we couldn't eat much on the menu but what we had, we definitely enjoyed! The vibe was good and we were seated at the back bar in front of the kitchen (I love bar seating). The servers were super nice and we were given free deviled eggs compliments of the chef. I find you always get nice treats for sitting at the bar! The rolls slathered in pork fat looked and smelled good from afar but of course, we did not partake. The wood fired oysters were off the hook and still memorable after the month now that I've been back from the trip. Ironically, the freebie deviled eggs were not great which I found surprising. I'm sure as a meat eater you'll have a great time here! As a vegetarian, it was a fun hang out with some options if you're open to cheese and shellfish. I made an exception on my trip to eat shellfish and dairy (it's NOLA, after all!). Otherwise, take a pass.We came her for lunch on the first day of trip to New Orleans, figuring lunch would be less crowded & we'd  be able to get in. I was pretty excited (in general, as I was on vacation, but also about the food here) when we arrived. The restaurant was pretty much full, which is a good sign I guess, albeit 11:30 am. We ordered the Cochon, crawfish and green tomato casserole and gumbo. I thought all of the food was pretty good. The cochon was my favorite, but belonged to the husband so I didn't get much of it. Crawfish and green tomato casserole was good, but truthfully tasted like a fuckload of heavy cream and cheese, which is bound to make anything delicious. I felt that the service wasn't great. Our food took nearly an hour, which is chill if the server comes by once and awhile to say hey, but no one did. It was a good experience overall, but seeing as how I spent the rest of my trip eating insanely good food, Cochon didn't stand out as much as I thought it would. There was an extensive beer list in which I did not partake. Maybe next time? We'll see.Went today for lunch. The Okra salad was both unique and better than I expected. The wine list was okay but nothing special. I would go again on my next time in New Orleans.We got alligator, Mac n cheese, fried liver on toast. It was OK.All the reviews were spot on! Food is awesome! Started with fried alligator with aoli BEST alligator!! Then tried the Pickled tongue with mushrooms and goat chees on toast, the person who said they could eat 20, was right!!! Then had spicy rice n catfish with red sauce, super yummy!! For dessert the Banana pudding was to die for and the Pineapple upside cake was soooo goood, cant decide what was bettter, we r headn back for round 2 tonight!!Not my favorite.  Just more of that over done heavy southern food you can get any place dressed in a trendy package.  If I was going to go again I would stay with the small plates. They were much more creative and not as heavy.  They really need to take it up a bit.  Someone at our table ordered the pork tenderloin and it was pounded, breaded and fried.  WHY?  It tasted like veal.  If we wanted veal we would not have gone to Cochon.  However the swiss chard that it came with was amazing.  It really is all about the small plates.  Also the waiter was a real dud.  I was really hoping for less fried, chessed, buttered....etc.  Cochon, clean it up,  lighten it up and you may just have something.Ate at a packed Cochon late on a Tuesday night. Enjoyed the experience overall, with just a few reservations.The interior is an interesting kind of rustic moderne. The booths and tables are in the style of wooden benches, with some very unique lighting illuminating their backs. Overall, however, the place was far too loud and far too dark, so dark that it made it tough to identify the individual elements on my plate.Service was friendly,very knowledgeable, and professional and the meal was well paced.As for the food, we started out with the pig ears and the "boucherie plate", which is actually from a confusing menu section. What is the difference between "boucherie" and "small plates"? And why are they on separate sections of the menu? But I digress. The pig ears were paid. Cut into strips, breaded, and fried they could have been any deep fried Applebee's appetizer. The cane syrup mustard that came with it was fine, but did little to redeem an unremarkable dish. The boucherie plate, basically charcuterie, fared better. It featured hogshead cheese (a delicious headcheese with a wonderful salty, porky essence), fried hog jowls (like crispy bacon, but far too salty to be edible), "rolled bacon" (actually cured, similar to prosciutto or pancetta), pork rillette, and tasso ham. All, with the exception of the aforementioned hog jowels, were very good. I sampled the catfish courtbuillion, the pulled pork (inexplicably called the cochon on the menu), the ham hock, and the rabbit stew. The pulled pork was not BBQ style, and was instead incredibly moist and perfectly seasoned. The flavor just melted out of the meat. The cracklins, part of the accompaniments, were dry and did not add a whole lot to the dish. The ham hock, served with sweet potatoes and black eye pea broth (probably mostly ham stock) had a very interesting and pleasing combination of flavors. My rabbit & dumplings, actually a stew, was way over seasoned. The overwhelming spiciness ruined any other flavor it may have had. Once again another case of the meat in a dish being basically unidentifiable. The catfish courtbuillion was the clear star of the night, being just a perfect balance of flavor and texture. It was slightly spicy, but the spiciness was followed by some very full and well developed flavors. Thinking about it now makes me desperately hungry for it.So, overall the experience was a decent one. As another commenter said, the food was just ok. I was expecting great leaps of creativity, but everything was just ok, especially considering the hype around this place.  Many items were pretty expensive, too, given the ingredients and preparation. I would visit the place again, however, if only to see how other items on the menu are.In a nut shell, one of the best meals I've ever had. What does that mean? I spend about 150 days a year on the road and travel all over the country, in other words I eat out a lot. Try an appetizer, salad, gumbo; try as much of this menu as you can it is fantastic! I will be back.Great food.  Where else can you get moonshine???  Service was great.  Super atmosphere.  What's not to love.  I will return!!!  Oh, by the way, they do good pork....Disappointing from both the service and food perspective.Service was lacking. Our server did not even inform us about the specials. We learned about the specials because we overheard the waiters for the tables around us informing our fellow patrons of the specials, but we had already ordered.Food was not good. First truly disappointing meal that I have had in NOLA. Ribs and brisket were not good and I simply could not eat the brisket, which seemed more like a pot roast than brisket.Unfortunately, Cochon did not live up to the hype and offered poor service and overall quality.Read about this place on Yelp and boy were the Yelpers right on this one.  Came here with a large party of and the staff accommodated us with no problem.  I tried almost everyone's dish and was impressed with how delicious everything was.  My favorite was the fried alligator, wish I could have some as I am writing this now. once you get past the whole lizard thing and try it, you will be happy trust me.  The Pork Belly and their signature Cochon dishes were amazing as well.  The soups  were also very tasty.  Overall, Cochon was the best meal I had in New Orleans and will definitely come here again. Perhaps the next time I will  be able to pronounce Cochon the correct way.Um, I don't really see what all the fuss is about! We were feeling fortunate to walk in and be seated immediately. So very excited due to all the glorious reviews for this place. I had the soup special cream of mushroom. Good. The alligator app was ok. I also had the eggplant/shrimp dressing. This was very good. My husband had the rabbit and dumplings. He said it tasted like turkey pot pie!! Although we didn't get any cochon, we expected to have great food....oh well. As we ate, the restaurant got crazier and crazier with exceptionally long waits. I would go back but not wait an hour.Went with 3 other people and we ordered just about everything on the menu that evening and i can't think of one thing that wasn't good.  I really like what they are doing at this place.On my first trip to NOLA, we ate here and was amazed by the quality of food. Absolutely delicious. They also served draft root beer, which we both loved. I would recommend eating here over any other place I have tried in NOLA, providing you have the funds!It was very crowded when we arrived around 9:30, but we had made a reservation via OpenTable earlier that day and were seated almost immediately. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Most of the two-tops were very close together, so my wife and I made friends with the people sitting next to us. The food was excellent, which is exactly what I'd expect for the price.Excellent! Stopped by here in our first night in New Orleans and loved sitting at the bar overlooking the kitchen. Food was amazing...and more than worth the wait. Made reservations to return on our last night here.An unusual menu, but fabulous.  I highly suggest one of their refreshing specialty drinks and the pork cheeks-yes pork cheeks- to start.  From there, you won't be disappointed.  For lunch, try the Butcher right around the corner.  Meat eaters- these are both a delight to the senses!Sadly, I only made it to Cochon once during my recent trip; I'll definitely be back as the menu offered too many good choices for just one meal. I eventually "settled" on the Fried Alligator appetizer, the Rabbit and Dumplings entree (with a side of mac and cheese casserole), and the Black Bottomed Brown Butter Banana Creme Pie. With the exception of the mac and cheese -- which was good nothing extraordinary -- everything was amazing. The little nuggets of alligator and the sauce drizzled on top were perfectly balanced. My Rabbit and Dumplings were a little too hot to eat at first (temperature, not spice) but once it cooled down it was a delightful plate filled with flavor.And the dessert? Just wow. I highly recommend coming here; try to sit toward the back of the restaurant and you can get a peek at the open kitchen. (For what it's worth I went on a Tuesday evening, around 7:30 pm, as a party of one without a reservation and was able to get a table. It did get a little more crowded as it got later so I would suggest reservations if possible).Food: 5/5. Service: 4/5. Fried alligator is not to be missed.Food:  Extremely well executedService:  Adequate.Ambience:  Loud and crowded, reminded me of Republic in Union Square, NYC... know what I mean?My waitress was awesome and I have no idea what they did to make the rolls so good! I had beed brisket that was tasteless. It came with a potato salad that was pretty good. Spend the $5 and get the baked mac and cheese - it is to die for!The food at this place was fantastic!!! We went after reading yelp reviews. We ate fried alligator appetizer, it was so good, can not even explain how delicious it was. Has a spicy kick. Tried the Mac and cheese. Rabbit dumplings. Beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. We shared and tasted all of these things and would highly recommend everything we had.We first stumbled into their butcher shop next door.  This place is a diamond, we just happened accross it while walking downtown.  Amazingly great food.  We had the fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly appetizer and fried alligator app as well, my wife had rabbit and dumplings, I had the redfish.  All I remember is we were swapping plates like crazed foodies.  After the meal we went to the butcher shop and bought 10 lbs of meats to take home with us.  NOLA is foodie heaven and Cochon is definately Cloud #9.Had the pork cheeks, oyster and potato soup of the day, and the cucumber and herb salad for lunch. Great presentation and flavor profiles on each item. Bread was brought beforehand and was fluffy and warm.  Definitely want to come back for more!Oyster's were delicious.  I would go there just for the oysters!   Service nice but not overly friendly.Great dinner!!!!!  Was having not so great dinner in my travels to new Orleans for jazz fest. Then came along Cochon!!!!!!  Had a great beet salad and oyster loaf to start, beef brisket was to die for.  Wonderful service and atmosphere. Will return when in the NOTook a group of 9 here last night. The food was delicious and so was the moonshine!! Our server was excellent as well. The Louisiana Cochon was the most ordered dish in our group and it delivered on taste!!! The second favorite would be the Catfish Courtbouillon. Yum!! The Chocolate Creme Pie was the best dessert on the menu!! So good!! Would highly recommend and I will go back!!We just spent a week in New Orleans and had dinner at Cochon one night. Excellent wait staff,  extensive menu, nice drink choices and atmosphere. Our meal could not have been better. Admittedly we paid more for this meal than any other in New Orleans, but I guess you get what you pay for. 4 adults and 2 kids (with adult eating habits) and the bill was about $350 including tip. 3 appetizers to share + the 6 meals and 7 alcohol drinks.The food was delicious. I highly recommend the alligator and also the rabbit and dumplings. The food would receive 5 stars but the service was a bit lacking. We had two waiters and our service was still slow.This place is decent but a little bit overrated. The food kind of has a home cooked feel to it. Lot's of stewy things, hearty meaty things. I had an oyster bake and some fish. The fish was a little overcooked, but pretty good. I greatly prefer Cochon's Butcher right around the corner. I feel like this place really should have $$$ instead of 2.Louisiana cochon was nothing special, my wife cooks better pork from her crock pot.  We ordered the oyster bake and it was good, but overpriced.  Also ordered mac and cheese for the kids and they liked it.  I think the place is overrated, for the money I think you can find better service and better food.  We had two waiters and it was a little confusing.  Not very kid-friendly environment.spectacular james beard award winning food, very unusual menu to those outside louisiana and by far not your typical new orleans fare, however recommended for more open minded diners, the chicken liver appetizer with pepper jelly was amazing...Love Cochon. 2nd time to cochon.  First time was over 5 years ago.  Didn't disappoint.  Kale and beet salad to start.  Ribs, cochon dish, sides of greens and Lima beans.  Really, really good country fare.Disappointment from the James Beard recognized restaurant. Nothing special.My dad and I got a reservation here last minute and I'm super glad we did. The restaurant has a super cool ambiance is located near the WWII museum. We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation and were seated promptly. The wait staff was very friendly, attentive, and gave us great suggestions throughout the night. I am gluten free and she was also very helpful for what menu options I could and could not eat. I ordered the braised beef shoulder and my dad ordered the ham hock. My beef shoulder was impeccable. It was very tender and the medley of green beans and field peas underneath the beef were seasoned wonderfully. It was a healthy portion and my dad had to help me finish it. My dad really enjoyed his ham hock and the brussel sprouts were cooked to perfection. We split a side of the greens and we both agreed they were the best greens we've had. For dessert my dad got a chocolate cake that he loved, and I had chocolate ice cream which was very rich and almost fudge like. Overall we had a great experience and I can't wait to go back!Perfect place, service, food.  Had the cucumber side dish, okra bean tomatoe, ribs, and fried bouncing.   Checking out the butcher behind nextA must go! We ate at the counter facing the kitchen and it was a visual delight. I saw so many dishes I wanted. Wished I lived in NOLA. That said... we ordered rabbit and dumplings & spare ribs. Service was attentive.  I think about this place often.highly recommended. Mac n cheese, oysters, beet salad and the pig.Went to Cochon after having a great experience at Herbsaint (also reviewed by me), which we understand to be affiliated in some way.  Cochon was a real hit.  All 7 people in our party thought it was fabulous.  I ordered the Cochon which was good, though slightly, and somewhat surprisingly, salty.  The other entrees were exquisitely prepared, particularly the hamhock and the beef brisket.  The appetizers were also fantastic, particularly the rabbit livers.  The gator was good, though not remarkable like several of the other dishes.  Highly recommended.  Great atmosphere and not the typical, get-it-anywhere Cajun meal...Loved it.  Will definitely go back next time I get to the Big Easy!It's by convention center. I had Louisiana cochon (Very tender and juicy), wood-fired oyster (awesome!!!), Mac and cheese (good, I ordered it because that's what yelp reviewers said but I don't know, if you want to try, try it it's only $6), Pork Cheek (Good but kinda salty, I would order louisiana cochon over this), Alligator (it's chewy, I liked the aioli sauce, Should try!) If you sit at a bar (the one in front of kitchen), you should get chef's special thingee that has pickled tomato and some kind of ham.Mediocre is the best adjective I can think of to descibe this restaurant. A recent lunch visit with a friend from New York started on a bad footing because as we walked up to the entrance, the staff was wrestling to drag in two large pig carcasses! Though somehow appropriate, dragging these pig carcasses through the front door so shocked my friend's sensibilities it took a lot of arguing to convince him to dine there.After the meal, I was very embarrassed because the brisket dishes we ordered were so revolting we could not finish them; way too much fat. I have eaten at Cochon's several times in the past, and though pricey for the items on the menu, I did not have a problem with it. But over the last few visits, I've noticed a big decline in the quality of the menu items. I grew up in the same general area as where the chef did, and I struggle with the concept of paying top dollar for a menu that we had on our table most Sunday lunches after church.Everything was great! The oyster appetizer is a must! I had the rabbit dumplings which was amazing and my husband had the pork sandwich special also really good. If you are looking for a light desert the pineapple upside down cake hits the spot! The coconut ice cream is soooo good and the cake is amazing, don't let the cornmeal throw you off! Would definately come back!we shared some various appetizers at the bar here & the standout, by far, were the wood fired oysters.  the other stuff was good, not great, but all tasty.  our bartender was slammed during a busy lunch but still provided us good service & was even able to manage to take the time to give us some background about food, sources & preparations - nice. I'm heading back for some more oysters.Absolutely our favorite place to eat here. When we want to drop some cash on a good meal, we come to Cochon. The best plate, surprisingly, is not pork based (though we have yet to have a bad item!) but is the eggplant and shrimp dressing. A choir of angels sings and tiny harps are played with every mouthful. Don't skip the dressing!I still think about the alligator sausage appetizer.  It could have been a whole meal- it was that great!I tasted some of everyone's meal and they were all great - oyster sandwich, rabbit pot pie (not the name, but that's what it was), and beef brisket.  All amazing.  I had the rabbit and it was the best I've ever tasted.For dessert, the 4 of us split the pineapple upside-down cake, which had cornmeal in it.  It's tough to describe, but it will not disappoint.  It came with a scoop of ice cream which made it even better.I know I'm not the first to say this place is great and I won't be the last.  Check it out.Oh yeah, and they have Orange Crush in a bottle.  Isn't that exciting? I got one.Hey I got in and got a seat at the kitchen bar over the first weekend of Jazz Fest on no notice so I was happy.Cochon has a really nice vibe, not too upscale and very friendly.  Sometimes the food was perfect like the roast oysters they do right in the wood-fueled oven.  I must say that after having a perfect cochon-de-lait sandwich at the fairground in the afternoon, the signature cochon dish came in second best.  But maybe I was cochoned out..  Nice bourbon list.I travel to New Orleans often for business; I have been there twice since April and live in Seattle.  I missed an opportunity to go to Cochon in April and had it at the top of my list for my trip in August.  Unfortunately it was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had in New Orleans; and it certainly makes the top-five worst dining experiences of my life.I think part of the problem was the overly aggressive waitstaff; and their need to up-sell every item we ordered: "Maybe you would like two of those?" "You are only having sparkling water?" and on and on it went.Speaking of the sparkling water...three of us ordered.  The wait staff brought a bottle poured the entire bottle into two glasses and then asked if we would like to order another one...even though obviously we needed more to fill a glass for myself.  I quickly switched to New Orleans finest.We ordered our entrees.  When a chef friend across from me pulled a piece of plastic out of his food and placed it on the edge of his plate. I quickly stopped eating my Rabbit & Dumplings (the same entree) It was full of bones already...and the plastic was the icing on the cake.When we pointed out the situation to our waiter he took the dish back to the kitchen where they removed the piece of plastic and brought the same plate back and proclaimed it to be nothing more than celery.  They did not offer another option; they just brought the plate back.  Thankfully they did end up comping one of our meals; but to inform a customer (who is a chef; and his table who was full of food marketers) that we were wrong and that it was celery and simply drop the plate back in front of the guest was unacceptable.  A piece of PLASTIC is not a piece of celery.Cochon was a disaster...I am sticking with August.I loved it, it celebrates everything pork.  Not like most of the restaurants in the city serving up an institutional gumbo, this place is real.  Chef's Link and Stryjewski have a winner.  DOn't miss their "swine-bar" behind Cochon called Butcher.  Wish I could afford to go more often.very very delicious restaurant. YUM!started with teh fried alligator, corn cakes and bean soup. the fried alligator was perfectly prepared -- very dense in a nice sweet/hot sauce. The corn cakes again had a nice sweet delicate flavor topped with the most delicious tomatoes and basil i've had so late in the season. I was stuffed! The mac and cheese was too salty and dense for me but the eggplant stuffing was yummy. Will say that the service was slow but our server was incredibly knowledgeable and made great recos. The atmosphere is very relaxed but still hip. Very good restaurant choice for dining with a large group of friends.Came upon this restaurant by accident. Wasn't sure at first but looked inside and saw that it was packed...which usually means, great food! So we all tried it and were Very pleased! I had the oven-roasted gulf fish "Fisherman Style", lots of great spices on the fillet, and the fish was so moist it was unbelievable. My husband had smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. He said it was pretty dam good very moist and with every bite lots of flavor. I do have to say that if your not a fan of horseradish then you probably don't want this dish...the horseradish did have a bite back. Also, you must order your sides separate. My husband and I both shared the twice baked potato, which I have to say was the only thing that came out of the kitchen that was dry and hard. We also ordered the mac-n-cheese..that we both loved! Ohhh and we also had the fried alligator with chili garlic aioli...that is a must very good! Something definitely different than what you can get her in Cali. If you do go remember it's downtown.Wonderful spot just around the corner from the hotel.  If you're attending a convention at the Convention Center, this is a hidden jewel.  A real find for being so close to the Conv. Ctr.I had the fried alligator - my first time - wonderful - then the warm spinach salad special - also good.The Porch Swing cocktail was good but seemed a little weak.The banana toffee pie was fabulous and very light and not made with fake cream (such a blessing).  The salted praline icecream was great, although the toffee praline in the middle was a bit of a solid lump of butter and sugar.  Needs a bit of tweaking.Overall, though, a great find and a great dining experience.The space was very cool and I loved the decor.We visited New Orleans last week and Cochon was definitely our favorite stop at a variety of eateries in the area.  We were unable to get in the first night we were there.  Apparently the place was overbooked due to the white linen festival.  However, we came back twice over the next few days and were really pleased with the food and service.The place was clean, the food was (very) hot, and the service was great.  I had the brisket with horseradish potato salad and it was really good (4 stars); my wife had gumbo and mac and cheese (both 5 stars); the kids had gumbo and the ham hock with black eyed peas (4 stars).  During our next visit the following day we tried the fried alligator (4 stars) and shrimp and eggplant dressing (3 stars) and more gumbo.  Oh, and their bread is insane!  I usually don't even eat bread, but this was some of the best I've had at a restaurant (5 stars).The selection isn't one for everyday dining - mostly fried pig and side dishes - but WOW its really good eats if you're passing through and willing to be adventurous!  I wish we had time to go there a third time while in the area so I could try more of their menu.P.S. We tried a couple of their mixed drinks (don't recall which) and those were really good too.  I wish we had one of these in L.A.Food was excellent. Rabbit &  dumplings were on point. Nice casual environment. Missed 5 stars with negligent service.We stumbled upon this place because our hotel was a block away and we needed dinner without another long walk or cab ride.  This place is amazing. When the waiter realized that folks from Chicago don't know what a lot of those cajun terms are he just went through everything on the menu in detail.  He was awesome and the service was outstanding.Even better then the service was the food!  Wood fired oysters, spicy pork ribs, cajun catfish and bread pudding.  Side dishes were amazing.  I would highly recommend everything we tasted!!!I was very disappointed with the food especially given the great reviews. It's not cajan food it seems to be French food. As most people point out the service isn't great. I am somewhat of a healthy eater and had a hard timeout finding the meal. I just got the gambo soup. I thought  it was just ok but very small portion. I just didn't like the food and didn't meet our expectations especially given the high prices.Appetizer: I loved the pork cheeks (an appetizer). I'm not sure I've ever had pork that tender. They were served on top of beets and were absolutely delectable. Salad: I tried the arugula salad with pig ears. The salad part was spicy and delicious, but the flavor of the pig ears on top can only be described as "fried." There was not a hint of pork to the pieces of meat--it was all overwhelmed by the breading and grease used to cook them. Entree: The ham hock was one of two dishes our sporadically-seen server recommended, and it was the toughest piece of meat I have ever received in a restaurant. Service: The restaurant was packed, but even so, I expected to see my server much more often. It was very difficult to catch her attention and we had a difficult time getting our drinks refilled. Although the pork cheeks were incredibly, we probably would not go back. A little bit of a disappointing experience...I went to Cochon on a Sunday while visiting from Chicago. I'm originally from Texas and well versed in cajun food. I noticed Boudin on the menu so I ordered it. It was not even close to the Boudin I've eaten for 30 years. It had very little taste and did not even taste like boudin.I was hoping to order a muffaletta but they were out of the ingredients. Since they are their own butcher, didn't they plan ahead?I ordered the Gambino which was okay.Can't say enough about this restaurant that hasn't already been said.  Try the fried alligator, even if you think you won't like it. I also had the redfish special plate and it was fantastic!  Perfectly cooked with a scrumptous side of mac n' cheese.  Our server was extremely helpful and insisted that we skim right over certain menu items which is always nice.  He also recommended some dishes based on other cajun food I've had in the past.  Very nice guy and was helpful in navigating their menu. You won't be disappointed.  This was a top 10 meal that I've ever had the pleasure of eating.Excellent food and attentive service.  I highly recommend the alligator and oyster roast appetizers.  Also, the restaurant has beer on tap and offers pitchers, which is rare for a good New Orleans restaurant.Great room, lively and full but not screaming-loud. I had the rabbit and dumplings, and it was just sublime.  You seriously need to order it if its on the menu. Husband had the Louisiana Cochon, also great. Service attentive and timely, very professional.  It's an easy walk from the French Quarter.Had to try it after hearing about the James Beard nod.  Fantastic food and not formal.  Had a great beer selection to boot.  It stands out as a top 10 place to eat at in the bountiful foodie arena that is Nola.mmmm... I had lunch at Cochon while vacationing in New Orleans last week.  I don't usually eat a lot for lunch, so I just ordered the gumbo and some boudin balls to share with my boyfriend.  The gumbo was delicious, but I was not crazy about the boudin balls.   (Then again, they are the only boudin balls I have ever tried, so maybe I just don't like boudin balls?)  Based on my meal I would have only given the restaurant 3 stars, but I'm giving it 4 because my boyfriend's rabbit and dumplings were definitely as good as it gets!  I was incredibly jealous of his delicious meal and kept taking bites off of his plate.  If I ever make my way back to New Orleans, we'll be stopping here again for more of that rabbit and dumplings dish :)Our meal at Cochon was amazing.  Definitely the best meal we've had so far on our trip to new orleans, arguably the best meal we've had in our lives.  We had the oyster roast and boucherie plate to start and then the braised beef cheeks with saurkfraut potato cakes and applesauce with goat feta cheese and beef tongue with white beans and broccoli.  Everything we had was delicious, and the drinks were good too.  Definitely worth the price.YUM!Great food in a nice space. Staff were super friendly. Aligator was great.Red fish special cooked perfectly. Softshell crab special served over some AWESOME grits. Desserts (choc pecan tart and lemon tart) aim to kill you they're so good!Bacon and oyster sandwich alone is worth the trip!Nice atmosphere and courteous staff. Food too salty.Small plates were very good: fried alligator, wood-fire oysters, shrimp etouffe. Thought I couldn't go wrong with their signature dish, the 'Louisiana cochon' , but unfortunately it was way too salty.Love this place!  Atmosphere, staff and food all compliment each other. Try the Alligator!The food and service here are excellent. The prices are fair, and we had food to bring home. You can't go wrong at Cochon.Even with a late reservation, the staff was nice, attentive, and helpful. Everything I tried was exceptional. Oyster roast and BBQ short ribs were delicious, but my favorite for the night was the oven-roasted gulf fish "fisherman's style." Amazing! After dinner  we tried the nutmeg/vanilla infused moonshine...a perfect ending!Cochon is great.  It's a wonderful atmosphere and a more casual option for fans of Donald Link's cooking.  Don't miss it!This was my wife's favorite restaurant.  Definitely try the fried alligator and fried liver with jelly, by far the best appetizers.  The rabbit and dumplings are amazing.  Not the dining experience of a Commander's palace, but sublime food.attention to detail, the food is superb and very local with all the fresh ingredients!Fantastic New American.Should be a definite stop on your visit to NOLA... Great staff, atmosphere and food.... The Gulf fish was amazing , so fresh, delicious and abundant (this from someone who doesn't eat fish!). Appetizers we enjoyed ribs, fried gator, crawfish pie & Mac n cheese.   All very good and worth a try!Let me say that I was SOOOOO excited to be eating at this restaurant.  It was on my bucket list of places to eat before I left the area.  I had reservations at 9 and it took us...20 minutes to be seated.  The place was PACKED but the host was incredibly nice.  The issue I had was the fact that it was SO loud.  I was sitting across from my girlfriend and couldn't hear a word she was saying.  The other dinners are an arms length away.  It was different.  The food came out very quickly, which was great.  I had the rabbit and dumplings and my girlfriend had the gulf fish.  My sauce was excellent...the rabbit was delicious...but there wasn't a lot of it.  She liked her fish.  All and all, the food was alright, but I guess I just expected more.  This rating might have been higher if we went as a party and just wanted a loud, fun experience instead of a date.AMAZING!!!! Portion sizes aren't what typical Americans are use to, but it's all so amazing.With the name Cochon you would expect everything pig to be fantastic here which I'm sure it is and so I have heard from many.  The problem I've got is I'm not really a fan of the pig so lots of things I'm not eating here like their signature andouille, boudin, or cochon de lait.  I've been here three times just to make sure I'm not a fan and I have now confirmed that they probably have the WORST and most flavorless beef brisket entree I've ever had in New Orleans (but remember the worst food in NOLA is probably better than most food in other places but I will grudgingly admit Texas is the all time brisket master champ) and the other non-pig dishes I've eaten have just been pretty mediocre with much better versions available elsewhere.  This food might be good to you if you never had a grandmother that cooked this type of food but mine could do ANY of these dishes far better.  What really confuses me is that the next door Cochon Butcher has much better tasting brisket and sandwiches so you probably would do better to just go there unless you worship at the high alter of all things pork.Cochon is probably in my top two New Orleans restaurants.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is in town visiting and locals alike.  The atmosphere in great, and the food is top noch.  You can't go wrong.Cochon is one of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans. The atmosphere is charming and reminds you somewhat of a German Brasserie. The food is pretty outstanding. My favorite dish is the "Wood Grilled Oyster Roast" which is actually grilled/roasted oysters in an amazing sauce. The wood grillling gives them such amazing and unique flavor. We could really just order a couple of orders of this each time, but there are definitely other menu items that are worth trying as well. They have a number of small plates which allow you to try different things, and they also have full entree portions for order as well. I love the crawfish and green tomato casserole and the crab salad. I'm not a person that typically orders gumbo because my mom makes the best, but I tried it here and thought the shrimp and devilled egg gumbo was fantastic. My fiance loves the oyster and bacon sandwich. Keep in mind the menu is seasonal so some of the items change and aren't always available. All of the sides are delicious--mac and cheese casserole, lima beans, eggplant and shrimp dressing are our favorites. My only slight negative was that the Catfish Court Boullion was just average and I wouldn't be inclined to order it again. Service is always wonderful and the food is always great. You can rack up a hefty bill quickly trying so many things but it's definitely a worthwhile trip for a nice dinner out! Also, situated adjacent to it is Cochon Butcher, which caters--great for delicious party fare.I wasn't raised to like lima beans. In fact, the mental image I carry of these legumes is accompanied by severe freezer burn. But when I ate the lima beans at Cochon, I felt like I had been transported to my grandmother's kitchen on a hot summer day, just relishing the taste of these beans obviously braised with pork and buttered until they cried 'mercy.' Cochon doesn't feature an extensive menu but everything on it is exquisite and its waiters are extremely knowledgeable about pairings--what to eat with lima beans, for example. My husband and I enjoyed a leisurely lunch here in February topped with a great dessert of checkerboard cake (it was my birthday) and some catdaddy moonshine. Cochon may be reviving this long illicit spirit and I hope they do. The moonshine (80 proof) was sublime. Discovering new tastes and remembering old comfortable flavors is an unlikely pairing when dining out. Cochon hit both marks with ease.Best meal my sister and I had in New Orleans. We got the crawfish pie, rabbit dumplings, and ham hock. All of it was really tasty.For those who know me...they would know that I would love this place based solely on the name. While in Louisiana, I had the pleasure of dining here. I sat at the kitchen bar and had front row seats to the creation of one of the best meals I've had. Started with rich, yet light and flaky craw fish pie. A pot pie from heaven, you could taste the freshness and clean lobster like flavor. My single malt scotch was a perfect accompaniment. Chatting with the chef, he learned I was a California native (gulp) and had never enjoyed the southern tradition of grits...made me some on the fly and they were delicious (too bad all grits don't taste like those...I learned this the hard way). Next, a crispy pork belly on a bed of butter beans, mustard greens, and fresh blueberries. Holy F**k'n S*i7! This was Awesome.  I was now  in "hog heaven"...seriously...I was in "hog heaven"...If I was a pig, and could give my life to grace the lips of hungry pork enthusiasts such as myself, I would hope to land my dead hog butt at Cochon. Go there. Do it. Today.Very Creative.  Great food, great service.a year and a half and about half a dozen visits later and the only thing i want to update about this review is to avoid the brisket. it is the only entree i have had that consistently is disappointing, so i can only imagine that is the intent.The atmosphere was wonderful at lunch.  The staff after a slow start were attentive and friendly.  The food however was outstanding.  The small plates were remarkably good.  zEverything was just delicious.  If you like food - especially pork, stray from the French Qtr and hit Cochon!Unique, tasty food. Excellent service. Always a pleasureAte at the bar for dinner - bartenders were very friendly and helpful, and the crowd was lively and fun. I may not be a connoisseur of food, but have eaten at a lot of highly rated places including a 3-star Michelin-rated restaurant (Alinea). The reason I mention this is because Cochon is awesome by comparison to 90% of the good places out there (no, I am not suggesting it beats the Michelin star achieving restaurants I have experienced).Fried Alligator: very good, tender and well-seasoned.  I have had this before at a few places, this definitely is tops.Rabbit and Dumplings: excellent, I almost ordered another portion to take home. Well-seasoned, and the dumplings were moist and fluffy. This dish smelled and looked so good that the two guys next to me at the bar ordered it after seeing what I had, and loved it as well.Had a flight of rye after dinner, good mix and price for it.Overall, price is in line with the food quality, but a definite steal compared to what I used to pay when living in NYC for a similar dining experience.I struggled between 4 and 5 stars. I think this is a 4.5, so rounding up to 5.The food is really good. I have never been disappointed in a meal here.Went to Cochon last night with a party of 6 people at 9 PM.  while the food was fabulous and as good as I had remembered, it came out all at once -- drinks, appetizers, entrees -- everything at once.  It almost didn't all fit on the table.  It seemed to be completely intentional -- the waiter said as much when he took our order but we didn't really pick up on it at the time.  I guess the point is to get folks in and out quickly but it wasn't a very nice dining experience.What is a vegetarian, even a crustacian eating vegetarian, doing at a place named PIG? Well, I had heard great things about it and my friend from out of town was in and we were doing White Linen Night and we kept passing it as we tried to find a place to park, so I said sure. Oh my Goddess!!! We met some friendly local folks at the bar (of course, they asked me "where did you go to high school, so typical and so why I love my native city) and they warned us that we would not be able to go out after, we would be too stuffed. Well, it was true. Also, I have to say that the host staff and the waiters were more than attentive and friendly. We shared several small plates and that was the way to go. I even ate alligator (my rule is that I don't eat anything with a spine, but I made an exception.) The meet was chewy but the nuggets were crispy fried and the aioli sauce they were coated in was addictive. The roasted oysters were yummy. The grilled shrimp were just so-so, so I wouldn't recommend that necessarily. But they were still good. A surprise was the cucumbers in vinegar, chilis with cilantro and mint. Get  an order for the table. Dawn got the rabbit livers and I think she liked them. The only pork she ate was bacon. She meant to order the pig's ears, but I don't know why she didn't, guess you have to read her yelp. The oyster and bacon sandwich would have been great but we were already full plus we asked them to cut it in half and by the time it got back to the table, it was soggy. Our fault, not their's. As stuffed as we were we still shared the chocolate and chicory custard which was super yummy with a hint of salt and topped with whipped cream with a light dusting of cayenne. It was the perfect ending to a great meal and a great evening of art and friendship.I took my family to Cochon's to celebrate my husband's birthday.  We had a great meal, ordering the oyster roast, the brisket, baked fish, and rabbit and dumplings.  The fish is my personal favorite-- lightly seasoned and baked to perfection.  Recent negative reviews surprised us-- we have been here a half a dozen times over the past two years and the food has always been delicious, with only one problem in 6 visits -- a late entree -- which we received on the house.  We are natives, and Cochon's is in our top 10.I can't say enough about Donald Link's latest venture, but I'll try. Chef Link is a genius in the kitchen, and we're big fans of Herbsaint, too. On our last visit we had the boucherie plate, and I agree with Annalise P., as this is some of the best charcuterie I've had also. We eat barbecue all over the country, and his grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle are worth the visit alone, and some of the most succulent ribs we've ever had. We liked verything we tried, from the fried boudin balls to the pickled pork tongue, and their signature dish, the cochon with turnips, cabbage and cracklins..well, my husband ordered it on both of our visits, and was speechless both times. I had the rabbit & dumplings on our first visit, and was loathe to share. I like the way the menu is set up, so you can order smaller plates and try more food. Service was an issue here on our first visit. We were approached by a server and asked for a beverage order, and we both ordered water. Then we were approached and asked again by another server, and when we said that we'd already been asked, and someone else was waiting on us, she explained that they tag team tables here, and we may be waited on by a few people. Not team service, mind you, where everyone has a designated role, but a rather confusing stlye of service wherein, if you look like you need something, someone will ask. Sometimes we were smothered in service, and sometimes we were left hanging, with no one person responsible for our table.  I don't like repeating myself, and had to a couple of times, so was irritated with the service here. This is my only gripe, and it wasn't an issue on our second visit, but it was much busier, and the table ordered drinks, so we looked taken care of. I hope they've changed this, and I plan to find out, many times, as I revisit this gem.I really don't need to add much to the chorus here except to say Cochon deserves its reputation. Love the classy, yet unstuffy, ambiance - and they play a killer selection of music. Unpretentious and completely delicious. How happy am I to be lip synching to "Whatta Man" by Salt n Pepa while my lips are synching to the most divine dishes sprinkled with salt n pepper! 3 of us shared 3 small plates (grilled oysters, boudin balls with creamy grits, fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade) , a soup (gumbo), a side (broccoli and pecan rice casserole) and 2 desserts (strawberry cheesecake and chocolate doberge), and we each had a drink for $85 (tax and tip inclusive). We were all totally, blissfully full and didn't miss the entree, which is a great way to make this luxe dinner experience affordable since they have fab small plate options. Fantastic, just make sure you get a reservation. We still had to wait about 15 minutes even with one for 9:30pm on a Tuesday.From the fried alligator appetizer to the perfect baked red snapper to the wonderful (and large) desserts, the dining experience was wonderful on this first visit. All of the support was spot-on.If I could give this place 2 1/2 stars I would. Definitely did not live up to the hype. Food was pretty good but a 3 course meal lasted less than a hour. Maybe they should warn people about how fast the food comes out because it is hard to enjoy when you are stuffing yourself to get to the next course the waitress already put on the table. Maybe I am just a spoiled New Yorker, but I don't want to be told that "we're welcome to finish our wine" (that I just dropped $60 on!!) after we are brought the check. Decent food but fix the service.Went for a solo lunch.  Service was top notch and no wait to be seated (beat the rush).  Broccoli soup with toasted almonds was wonderful as was pot roast with horseradish potato salad.  Great meal for a chilly day.The place to eat in New Orleans to get the taste of the region.  Gourmet food, low cost, unpretentious.Truly epic in every way. You cannot go wrong on the menu but the namesake dish is extraordinary.Boy is Cochon a delicious pig-out spot. Even though it was mentioned in virtually every single guide book I found, it still did not feel touristy at all. In fact, it is a super nice place with pretty friendly people and amazing food.Heard great things about this restaurant. In town for a convention, it was about a block away. Made reservations, timing was perfect. I had the special, with the tip from the sever had great pairing of wine. The food took a little long, but the taste was so amazing the time it took didn't matter. Will go back and recommend this place to other people.I am a firm believer that a place must be judged in context, especially its location. In other words, in our home town this place would be 5 stars. But, in New Orleans, the home of OMG  (as the kids like to say) dining experiences like  Antoine's, Bayona and Commanders Palace, I give Cochon a four star rating. Ribs  - very good, plus the cheap skate in me likes the idea of pickling watermelon rinds instead of chucking them in the garbage. Fried alligator - meh, what's to like or dislike vis-a-vis taste? Alligator is, I think, more of a textural experience; sauce that accompanied the gator was very good: spicy enough without going overboard. I wish they had used cilantro instead of parsley in the garnish, but that's just me. The brisket was just OK. That's a bit of Texas snobbery, but it could have been colder and more tender for the price. The butter bean soup - the star! I'd eat that again in a heart beat! Have to say also, I like this idea of small plates (just like Emeril's Delmonico the night before), so that one may taste a wider assortment of goodies. Wish more places in Texas went that route.I've been to Cochon a few times, and it is always worth returning.  The wood fired oyster roast is divine.  The last time I went, I decided to be virtuous and order the fish, which I believe was drum roasted with vegetables.  It was good, but next time I am going back to the Louisiana Cochon, which is sort of like a crabcake made with pulled pork,  Oh,  OH.  It really is to die for, and what's the point of calorie counting somewhere this unique.  The Sazerac Cocktail is good.  The first time I was there, our table wasn't ready so the manager comped us a round--quite nice, and it was the absolute right thing to do as a "make good" for the inconvenience,  I've got a reservation booked for my trip there next month,I have to say, it was good, but I was pretty disappointed with my experience at Cochon. I was looking forward to it SOO much. I heard and read nothing but absolutely wonderful things so I was expecting a fantastic meal. The appetizers were probably better than the main courses. Our table had the fried alligator, the pickled shrimp, the fried boudin and the pickled pork tongue. All of those were delicious! I love the unique, fun, and strange meats and animal body parts incorporated into the dishes. I guess I expected a more outstanding, unique preparation of the entrées. I had the cochon, which was good, but a little dry. Others at my tabled had the rabbit and dumplings, the beef brisket, the ham hock and the oyster and bacon sandwich. Everyone seemed pleased with their dishes, but it wasn't anything to rave about. Maybe my expectations were too high. booo for hyping things up.some ladies on the streets asked us if we knew where this place was, we were looking for a dinner spot, i got out my i phone and told them how to get there.. then read reviews on yelp and decided to lead the way!  my fiance and i sat at the bar. 4 kinds of rootbeer is worth 1 star itself to me.  The food here was amazing.  one of the best food experiences ever. we had pork cheek with applesauce...  amazing.  for dinner we had both fish dishes, the fresh catch was redfish and was so tasty, the catfish was in a bowl new orleans style, spicy with rice. and was also sooo good.  this will be our first stop next time through new orleans.I thought a restaurant that only had opentable.com reservations available at 5:30 and 9:30 for the next month might be a good one.  I was right.  I contacted the restaurant directly and had no problems getting a table a few weeks in advance (no idea why).  The service, food, and atmosphere were outstanding.  The goat stuffed biscuit and the crawfish pie were terrific.  The Louisiana cochon with turnips was great.  The rabbit dumplings were bland.  The chocolate cream pie is to-die-for.  This restaurant is cochon (hog)-heaven!The braised pork cheeks were fantastic and the pork chop special was tendeder and delectable. Good selection of Burbon. Buffalo Trace is their well Burbon. Be sure to make reservations because even if there are tables they won't let you sit anywhere but the bar or chefs table. The bar tenders are amazing and put on a good show. Very knowledgable about the food as well.Cochon was recommended to me by multiple people including the chef of Boucherie.  Now I know why.  I got there later than I would like and had to settle for the chef's bar in the back but this gave mr a great view of the food.  I had the shaved squash and zuchini salad, the cochon with turnips & cabbage, and pineapple upside down cake.  It was all quite good.  The squash and zuke were thinly shaved and had a vinagrette dressing, with parsley and mint garnish throughout.  Very refreshing.  The pork was shredded and formed roughly into a patty.  It was only very lightly spiced, which made the turnips and cabbage stand out more as they were in a sort of sweet & sour sauce.  Very tasty!  The pineapple upside down cake was cornmeal flour soaked in something sweet with pineapple chunks and I believe it was lemon sorbet.   I think normally I'd make reservations as this is not a big place but it was worth it!I really wanted to love Cochon - it's been on my list to try for a few years now, and we just made it to New Orleans on the week prior to Easter.   However, the experience was really brought down by some of the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant.  Let me set the stage - we wanted so badly to go here we took at 5:30 reservation on a Thursday, which actually worked out well for our schedule.  The restaurant had only about 5-8 tables full and there were at least as many waiters.  As a former server, I noticed that our server only had one table.  First, the food.  We had the cochon, the bacon and oyster sandwich, a braised pork special, and a fish special.  We also ordered several vegetable sides.  The food was all very good - well seasoned and yummy flavors.  One of our party particularly loved the braised pork.However, the poor service overshadowed our meal.  Our server, despite having an almost empty restaurant, popped by every two minutes for our order even though we were obviously still studying our menus.   Once we ordered, our food came almost immediately which made me a little nervous.  It was good, obviously, but it feels strange to have something plunked down in front of you minutes after  you've ordered it.  I understand the desire to turn tables, but we were well on track to be out of there by 7pm or soon after when the next phalanx was to arrive.    She then continued to be obviously disinterested in us as clients - trying to push drinks and more food on us and acting vaguely annoyed when we didn't order everything she wanted, even though we had appetizers, sides, cocktails and beer.  The cap on the night was when our server had brought our main dishes.  She then disappeared for the length of the meal to the point that we had finished our food, like another reviewer here we weren't really offered dessert, and decided just to get out of Dodge rather than force the dessert issue.    We finally had to flag down another server, to whome we said, "Could we get our check please?" and who responded to us, "Oh, you'd like me to tell your server that you want your check?"  The attitude was such that all of us looked at each other incredulously and burst into laughter - why one wouldn't just say, "of course" instead of trying to teach us a lesson for not asking our server is completely beyond me.The crazy thing - the restaurant wasn't even half full when we left.  All that rushing for nothing...tasty food and a  stylish interior. Service was good.  We had the alligator and rabbit, but skipped the roasted yak ear based on a review we read earlier. A good time was had by all.Awesome lunch at a great spot. Ordered 4 amazing dishes with recommendations from the bartender (we ate at the bar), who was friendly, knowledgable, and spot on. The pork cheeks we the star of the afternoon, well-supported by the potato-pork hash, kale salad, and roasted oysters. Food was spectacular and ambiance was classy without being stuffy--would love to head back here for dinner.Let me start off by saying that New Orleans is my new favorite city. Cochon (even saying the name aloud makes me salivate) is as cool and unique as the city itself. I was in New Orleans for a week and ate my little heart out. Cochon was my favorite restaurant. Yes, definitely not a cheap endeavor but MY GOD IS IT DELICIOUS. I am a HUGE pork enthusiast (I wish I could major in 'Pork Appreciation') and this place did nothing but impress me. Cochon is definitely known for their delectable and diverse pork dishes, but the rest of the non-pork entrees are excellent as well. The appetizers of braised pork cheeks with sauerkraut cake and the oyster and meat pie were so different and simply wonderful tasting. I wish I remembered the name of what I ordered for my main course. It was something Pork-y, French-y, Louisiana-y sounding and it was TO DIE FOR. I have NEVER had something like this. The outside of this pulled pork mound of excellence was crispy and crunchy, whilst the inside was incredibly moist and rich. Perfect. Easily the best pork I've ever experienced. Ok just to nitpick here: our waiter was just fine, not overly friendly or personable, just a mixture of 'meh' and fine. Whatever. So be it. Similarly, we ordered some sort of spiced carrot cake for dessert which was also just 'meh.' Alas, I'm stilling giving Cochon 5 stars because the meats and side dishes here are seriously so special and DAMN TASTY. Perfect. Just like the city.Second time I ate here and both times were great. Today had some hogshead cheese to try unique and wow. The cochon was wonderful. Good beer and wine selection. Worth the tripPork cheeks and Collards were to die for! Cocktails were great as well.Very disappointing. The alligator with chili tastes like old chicken. The cochon is not edible. Who ever knew of dry pork? Nice enough to exchange it for a properly prepared dish though. 3 stars for decor and service, food not worth mentioning.Cochon is an 'interesting' place.  The atmosphere is fun and relaxed, although with a fancy-ish tinge to it.  Lots of light woods, primarily the seating and tables, contrast nicely with the dark walls . . . although to me it gave the place kind of a Texas barbecue joint visual aura vice the intended (to the best of my knowledge) fancy-ish aura.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  The menu was small-ish but held a variety of foods - although there were surprisingly few beef and pork options for a restaurant named "Cochon" and having a butcher upstairs.  The entrees were good although somewhat unimpressive; however, the appetizers were very good and held many unique plates.  Several different people I ran into during this trip raved about Cochon as a place they'd had one of their finest meals, but I was disappointed having come in with that expectation, particularly after all the other wonderful meals I'd already had in New Orleans.  My dining companion and I agreed that we could not see ourselves returning to Cochon.The service is phenomenal to start, and the servers really know the menu and can suggest items that will knock you off of your feet(should you be standing).  That said, I've been here once and only ordered what was recommended, so I'm not certain if the entire menu is as mind-blowing.  We started with the wood fired oysters which I was extremely hesitant about ordering as I've never enjoyed an oyster in the past, but that is now the past and I can  no longer claim that I do not like them as Cochon turned me 360.  They were spicy and buttery and literally almost melted in your mouth, as in they were in no way chewy. There are some interesting choices on their menu, but they are all new southern cuisine inspired and mostly pig options. The Louisiana Cochon was excellent as well, and for us non natives to the area, the dishes here offer a unique view of southern food mixed with modern cuisine.  Overall, one of the best meals I've ever had.You remember that line from Scarface, where Tony Montana asks, "Frank, you know what a hassa is?"..."Its a pig that don't fly straight".....Well Couchon flies plenty straight!.  I dropped in on a Saturday night by myself and immediately liked the vibe of this warehouse district restaurant that specializes in pork. From the lighting, to the brick exterior walls, to the bar, this packed place had to deliver a decent meal. I decided to take a spot at the kitchen counter so I didnt have to wait. I decided to sin boldly and ordered a "Creole Downfall" ($10) that had Virginia White Lightning corn likker, gingerale and mint. Wow, it packed a powerful punch. Tisere, my server took plenty of time describing the house specialties while trying to find out what I was wanted to accomplish in this gastronomical endeavor. For an appetizer I started with Spicey grilled pork ribs ($10) and a cup of black eyed pea & pork gumbo. ($6). The ribs were well done and oh so meaty and spicy. Great start to the meal. The gumbo was a little atypical in terms of the roux but I loved the combination of black-eyed peas and the soft pork. The bread and hog head cheese was hard to put down too. For entrees, I watched the procession of plates living the kitchen either from the wood burning stove or the grill. Everything from oven roasted redfish ($24) to Rabbit and dumplings ($20), but I decided to try the namesake items which was Louisiana couchon with turnips, cabbage and cracklins. ($22). If you like pork, (and I do), this is a great selection. Tender, juicy, flavorful and plenty of it.  I couldnt bare to try any of their $5 sides which included smothered greens, creamy grits, twice-baked potatoes, etc., because I wanted to leave room for dessert. I missed the special but was happy to choose between Mississippi Mud Cake, Banana Cream Pie, a Citrus Parfait and Pineapple Upside-Down cake for $7 a pop. I lept for the Banana Cream Pie and was delighted at the crust and how creamy it was. The banannas were ripe but not overwhelming. If you are looking for a casual place with an original cajun flair, go be a hog at Couchon!went with the broucherie plate and the alligator with garlic alioi.  we just went with a light lunch.  their meats are great and cured in house which really makes them top notch.  the sauce with the alligator was spot on in flavor and amount. great service as wellpork haven; excellent food; great ambiance; pork lovers dream; can see why one of americas top restaurants; service perfect; in warehouse district; make reservationsWe walked in (no reservations) and the place was bustling, but there were seats at the 'chef's table' - which was the bar that looked into the kitchen so customers could watch the food being prepared in the wood stove ovens. We ordered the pork cheeks (came with mushrooms and corn grits); macaroni and cheese, and then the plate that comes with different cold cut meats (can't remember the name). The food was amazing, however, if I went again I would skip the cold meat plate and order another hot entree, and I would skip the macaroni and cheese and go for a different side. Don't get me wrong, the food was amazing, but after having the pork cheeks, everything else simple just tasted so underwhelming and it left us wondering what the other hot entrees would have tasted like. Halfway through the meal, the waitress brought us a basket of cracklin from the kitchen, which is pig fat fried so it's crispy like a chip. She gave us sugar cane syrup to dip it in, and it was delicious! The waitress was also spot on in terms of telling us how yummy the pork cheeks were, and how good the cracklin was (we had to have some convincing to try it). We also talked a lot to the locals, and they all raved about Cochon. I heard they have crazy delicious lunch sandwiches as well, but unfortunately we didn't have time to stop in again.In one of the best food cities in the States, Cochon provided me with a meal that stood out from several others during my several days in the city.    We went on New Year's and had a 10pm reservation and they ended up seating us at 10:30.  I really believe that visiting a restaurant on holiday requires a little bit of forgiveness.  The first thing was that at a restaurant named for a pig, they ran out of the pork shoulder dish.  That was kind of a bummer since it was the only pork option that night.  The venison with grits and the boar sausage dishes were both great.  One of the best parts was the service.  We had two waitresses who did everything that they could to get us out before midnight, including getting us a cab on a night when I could not even get through on the phone all night.  Cochon is a great piece of a great city and I hope that it becomes an institution like many other restaurants in the city.chic, new york hot- spot, martini crowd bar food looked at cajun food and said "hrmph. impress me." cochon stands up. "alright then." obviously, cochon is new orlean's answer to how well, and how creative a talented chef can prepare the tastes of cajun cuisine. the food is complemented by a very symmetrical interior, composed of blond colored wood, and tastefully swine-themed art. regarding the restaurant's patrons, it is immediately apparent that cochon is the place to see and be seen, with a smartly dressed crowd, enjoying themselves in a loud, lively eatery. note: this is THE new orleans hot spot, and while the restaurant's dining room was larger than i expected, it pays to call ahead and get a reservation.upon being seated, we set to ordering appetizer, after appetizer, after appetizer. this is a recommended game plan for anyone interested in tasting the most creative of cochon's offerings. wood fire oyster roast - spicy gulf coast oysters that have roasted in their own brine are delivered to your table. creamy and rich, this is a great take on the classic oyster roast akin to this area.fried alligator with chili garlic aoli- "tastes like chicken". hate on me if you want. it totally does. delicious garlic aoli though, and a good eye opener dish in terms of unusual ingredient. fried boudin with pickled peppers- in the words of andrew zimmern "i've never had it out of the casing before." well now you have, andrew. and it's pretty "think out of the box" mind blowing. isn't it? delicious boudin is deep fried in the shape of a ball, keeping all flavors of rice mixed with pork and liver intact in a crunchy little compartment. very impressive.fried rabbit livers with pepper jelly toast- this was the most highly regarded of the dishes, and a complete surprise.  take a rich main ingredient that is very rarely seen on a chic bar food menu (name? liver, mr. rabbit liver), fry it until it's crispy and add a sauce that has both a peppery bite, and a sweet side. this was brilliant.hogshead cheese with red mustard greens & fried pig ear salad- let us march on in our rich food marathon with everyone's favorite snack! hey kids! headcheese and fried pig ears! ::yayyyy:: another delicious dish. pig ears are julienned and then deep fried until crunchy. these are then thrown on top of a few greens. but wait, the greens were first sprinkled on top of a slab homemade headcheese. the headcheese looked nothing like the store bought horror show of jellied mystery meat that we associate with the dish. instead, it was creamy, and more like a pate, completely lacking the gelatin nasty-factor, and with identifiable meat and skin throughout the serving. just wonderful. boucherie plate- this dish again featured the above mentioned headcheese. in addition to this, we were able to taste sliced, roasted pork loin, smoked pork loin, pork bologna, pickled green tomatoes, bread and butter pickles, seasoned croutons and a tiny serving of pork rillettes. if you are just going to choose one appetizer, the boucherie plate might be the one to try...and share. be nice. pork and black-eyed pea gumbo with greens- just like the name implies. porky. meaty. smokey. and rich. to drink, i thoroughly enjoyed my spiked southern ice team - lemony, sweet, but light with just a hint of what must have been a hefty slug of vodka. likewise, my bigger half opted for the "apple sauce" - new orleans rum, apple cider, ginger beer, cayenne pepper, and cinnamon. (note: this mixed cocktail was righteously strong.)service was attentive and quick, as this looks like a place that likes to turn tables. overall, i bow down to the creators and employees of a restaurant that pushed forward to open shortly after the tragedy of katrina. donald link and stephen stryjewski, as well as other key members of the staff, should be incredibly proud of themselves. this is the restaurant to visit to experience up scale, inventive interpretations of classic, cajun, new orleans cuisine.Let me just start off and say everything was wonderful except for the having to hunt for a parking spot! Otherwise I don't have anything bad to say about this place. However I would recommend inviting as many friend as possible to eat here, only so you can order even more dishes. I was in a party of five, my friend made the reservation and we got the booth right in front of all the action (kitchen). They start you off with some complimentary warm fluffy, but still chewy bread which was delicious. We also had two bottles of their Riesling, but had I read some of the other reviews first I would have tried their moonshine! :) We had so much food I don't think I remembered everything, but here goes ... The Deviled Crab with Butter Crackers was warm, creamy and you can actually taste the pieces of crab. The Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Aioli was crispy and the meat tasted like the breast meat of (I hate to say it )chicken. The sauce was very special, but don't count your calories if you are going to try this dish. Of course we also tried the Fried Boudin which was better than most boudin, but what made it taste even better was probably because it was fried. We also had the Louisiana Cochon with Turnips, Cabbage, and Cracklins which out of the dishes I tried that was my least favorite. The cochon wasn't as juicy as I had hoped, but I could have eaten the veggies for days. We also ordered their special for the day Duck Confit, let just say scrumptious! The skin was cooked perfect, it was nice and crispy, but the meat wasn't dried out instead it was very tender. Then we also had some side dishes the Eggplant and Shrimp Dressing and the Creamy Grits. I believe they forgot the creamy grits so we didn't get that dish until we were almost finished with our meal. However with everyone already very full we could not get enough of the divine grits. As New Orleans has many awesome restuarants to choose from I would eat here again in a heartbeat!Four of us who are confirmed foodies and have dined all over the world decided to spend our first night in NOLA at Cochon, due to the rave reviews and buzz around this restaurant.  Not a good decision.  Service was so indifferent, you would have thought they were paying us to visit the restaurant, just one of those places where you got the impression that they wanted you out as quickly as possible so they could turn the table. No smiles, no warmth, just robots dropping plates on the table and scurrying away as fast as possible. The small plates were good, but nothing you couldn't find at any decent restaurant around the country, or in soooo many other places in the city.  Then came the large plates, which were simply not good.  The Louisiana Cochon was dry, overcooked, and so overly salted that it was basically inedible.  Seriously, this is not an exaggeration.  Same with the smothered greens, and when we questioned the waitress about the two dishes, there was no attempt to make it right, perhaps switch out the dishes with something that we might enjoy, just a shrug and an off handed comment that the greens are always salty as she disappeared from the table. Really? We know greens are usually salty, we're not food idiots here, can't you take thirty seconds to attempt to show a bit of concern?  Rabbit and dumplings tasted like a tricked out chicken pot pie --why do people love this dish?? Catfish was overcooked and also dried out.  Maybe our expectations were too high, or it was just an off night, but with so many other choices of tremendous restaurants in the city, DO NOT be sucked in by the hype -- our experience with mediocre food and bad service makes Cochon one of the most overrated restaurants we have ever dined in.My first time in New Orleans and I was ready for a whole weekend of good grub. A bit out of the way, in the warehouse district, this place uses all local ingredients and that in itself garners a plus in my book. My girlfriends and I decided to go family style and ordered a whole slew of foods...first off we whetted our palates with ribs (these were to die for with the right amount of spiciness and fall of he bones tenderness) and alligator bites (first time I've had alligator meat and it literally tastes like fried chicken breast....but a bit more moist). The main attraction consisted of oyster BLT (you'd never imagine it together but it was a great combination), gulf fish (fisherman's style - with scales and bones...fresh and juicy), smoked beef brisket (the moist-est brisket I have EVER had), along with 2 accompaniments, broccoli and rice casserole (this was ok, not as flavorful) and eggplant and shrimp dressing (reminiscent of Indian food). Overall a great experience...a place i would recommend for all nawlin's visitor's to try!!This is by far my favorite restaurant I visited in New Orleans.  The food is absolutely fantastic, and the service is superb.  Usually when I go to a new city on business I won't go to the same restaurant twice but I had to go twice and once to their butcher which is next door and serves fantastic sandwiches which you won't find anywhere else.  I went to the August which was rated higher and was definitely more upscale but in terms of food and friendly atmosphere, you MUST go here at least once  First time I didn't get a main entree per Chef Mike's suggestion.  I got the crawfish pie (WOW), the shrimp and eggplant dish (mmmm), and their fried alligator (yeeaahhh).  I sat at the chef's table and met a couple of new friends dining.  It's that kind of place where you could end up buying shots of their moonshine (goes down smooth) for perfect strangers next to you.  Fantastic restaurant, I want to go back to New Orleans just to come here again...Cochon is perhaps the most interesting restaurant to happen to New Orleans in a what seems to be quite a while. It's a bustling (definitely need a reservation), modern rustic looking place that oozes good energy. The food also performs - (mostly) authentic Cajun dishes prepared in a modern and highly skilled manner. Perhaps the best thing on the menu is their grits - a very large grind grit that almost has a fresh creamed corn flavor and texture. Their eponymous dish is a long braised pork dish with a few (wish there were more) cracklings on top. The redfish entree is as good as, if not better than anywhere else. For side dishes besides the grits, the green tomato and crawfish is good, not great; smothered collard greens are as expected; and the stewed limas were proclaimed totally authentic by the Cajun ladies sitting next to us. For starters, the fried pig ears are good, but missing the (hoped for) gelatinous chew - likely because they're thinly sliced and covered in too much fry batter. The fried boudin are nice, delicate and very soft meatballs - perhaps a bit too mild in flavor to stand up against the deep fry. Desserts are excellent - take your pick. All critique aside, you couldn't do much better in NOLA than having a meal (or two) at Cochon. Also, check out their butcher shop down the street if it's daylight hours.Love this restaurant! My husband had the Cochon and said the pulled pork could be the best ever.I had the rabbit stew,the flavors were the bomb.The rabbit liver appetizer and gumbo were delicious,the alligator didn't do it for us (but the table next to ours loved theirs).The wine list had pretty good value too,we had a Corbieres and it was perfect with the bold flavors of the food.Great service too!so good... so good. i was smiling with satisfaction through all four courses of my meal, and the service was fantastic.The food was awesome. The hostess is incredibly rude and unhelpful.This was probably my favorite restaurant from my trip to New Orleans (and I ate a lot of good food, so that's quite a compliment!). I'm still craving those pork cheeks. We tried a lot of different things (alligator, mac n' cheese, grits, ham hock) and all of them were outstanding. Even the bread was amazing. The service was a tad surly, but otherwise a great experience.4 1/2 stars for the just the appetizers.  We had the oyster roast, rabbit livers, and fried alligators.  Absolutely delicious.  I would recommend going and just ordering a bunch of appetizers to share and skip on the entrees.  We ordered the cochon and beef brisket and could have passed, not good.  On the other hand, service was good, much better than expected from what we read on yelp - almost deterred us from going and but we're glad we did.We were visiting New Orleans for a couple days and I'm so, so happy we chose to splurge on a terrific meal at Cochon! Then menu has many options- especially for meat lovers!  We enjoyed ribs, fried boudin sausage, catfish over a delectable tomatoey sauce, the pulled pork cochon special in a fantastic broth. Somehow we had room for dessert- delicious!! The cocktails are delciious and creative. The service is thorough and kind and  the decor is snazzy.Yelp turned up this little gem for us on a last minute trip to the Big Easy. Once again four of us rolled into the Warehouse District to sample a place purported to be the best of local Nawlins cuisine. Like the big ballers we wanna be, we made last minute Saturday night late reservations and showed up fifteen early. We were seated almost immediately. If you are sick of sticky sweet sodapop cocktails or tonsil-scorching shooters, I recommend you give a try to Cochon's simple house cocktail made from beet juice (I forget the name).  It sounds gross but turned out to be excellent mate to the food on the menu. The decor is straight out of Architectural Digest with lots of honed wood and brushed aluminum, but I never let schwanky decor sway my opinion of an eatery's real soul. It's the flavor that matters. Our first order was the night's special: a haystack of heavily spiced and roasted crawfish. The litte mudbugs intimidated one of our party, but the rest of us found them finger-lickin' delectable. Our main dishes and sides arrived so quickly thereafter that we wondered aloud if they'd been pre-made and microwaved. I don't care how they do it, each dish was so good that we all took turns sharing fork-fulls off each plate. Portions were generous enough that we couldn't quite lick our plates. Once again, dessert became out of the question. The final consensus of our gang o' four was that the pork and seafood dishes bested the beef brisket in flavor. But mainly, we were all very jazzed to have encountered a New Orleans restaurant that delivered great food, congenial service, and fair prices, all within a 5 minute taxi ride from the French Quarter.Great meat products, fresh ingredients, casual bar - an excellent choice for quality meat lovers.Loved this place.  The decor was hip and modern, but at the same time very comfortable.  Food was divine.  We started with fried alligator with a chili aioli.  This was soo good.  The alligator meat was slightly chewy - just enough to give it some texture and chili aioli was the perfect accompaniment for it.  I couldn't stop eating this.  We also ordered the pork ribs with pickled watermelon.  Another perfect dish as the pork was falling off the bone tender and delicious.  Our entrees were Louisiana Cochon and smoked beef brisket.  By now I was pretty much meated out, but actually really liked the cochon which is basically a patty made of shredded pork.  The beef brisket was decent but I actually wished I had ordered the gulf fish, what the waitresss had recommended, because it looked delicious.  We ended our meal with a yummy slice of ice box pie.  Overall a great meal!On my second trip to New Orleans I have to say, I had my most favorite meal at Cochon. While the building is a new construction, the modern maple wood decor is very inviting. The menu overall sounds extremely appealing though crispy pig ears ain't quite my thing. Unable to decide on just one entree, instead I ordered 3 small sides; the Mac n Cheese, the shrimp and eggplant dressing and the broccoli and pecan rice casserole. All were more delicious than the last. My fave was the brocc dish. My dad got the brisket which was deliciously smoky, my mom got the shrimp remoulade with the fried green tomatoes, which I enjoyed though she wasn't too impressed. For dessert, we ordered the key lime icebox pie with white chocolate mousse and candied pecan crust OMG SO GOOD as was the cinnamon ice cream with the little cochon-shaped cookie. I give it 5 stars not only for the food but for being located on my favorite street name in NOLA, Tchoupitoulas!everything was delicious. a bit heavy.  all the sauces were so flavorful.Hoo We! This is a hole in one!! Constantly changing menu based on what is fresh and in season. They do their own butchering for the restaurant and it REALLY shows in what shows up on your plate. Very well executed, well thought out and presented items. Excellent staff, who readily give you their honest opinion - really can't ask for better. Very careful beer selections, the NOLA Flambeax was hands down the best beer I had in NOLA on this trip. They also take their cocktails here very seriously, always nice to see. Had the pork cheeks with creamy grits. Best grits I've had since Charleston. Beautiful dish. Finished with the Toffee Mouse Cake, just awesome! Wish I had time and space for more. Oh well, will be back next time. AAiiieeee!Best food we ever had!! We opted for sharing a variety - chicken livers and pepper jelly on toast, then the ham and black eyed pea gumbo, we also had the lima beans, Mac and cheese. Ended with pb @ chocolate pie. Everything was absolutely delicious!!! Go here!!! We wonder if they would ship their food to Detroit area!First time I went there, my friend ordered the beef brisket, and it was mostly inedible fat, which you could see just be looking at it.  When she told the waiter about it, he said he would take it off the bill.  When we got the bill, the brisket was on it.  The waiter said the cook refused to allow him to take it off.  Very poor form.  I've been there a few other times, and I tried to be open minded after that experience because at the time, the place had just opened.  I haven't had anything bad and I've even had a few items that were pretty tasty, but the prices don't seem to be proportionate to the cost of the ingredients, difficulty of preparation, or portion size.  For the money, there are so many other fabulous restaurants-  including Herbsaint, which is another Chef Link restaurant- that it's just not worth it to me.alligator chilli apps were good but do taste just like chicken. The wood oysters were OK not great. If you are in for a heavy cajun meal this is your place. They have gators, pigs ears and other cajun delaciesSeven of us went on a week night (jammed packed) and we werent expecting the great food that came out of the kitchen.  Except for the fried alligator (which tasted exactly like the Bang-Bang Shrimp at the Bonefish Grill) everything else was a total surprise.  Each person raved about what they had been served-even the root beer!  Dont miss this place.very tasty food at reasonable prices. i had 3 small plates which was plenty of food. service was very attentive, even with our table of 9.nice mixed drink list and hearty and reasonbly-priced by-the-bottle wine list, but the by-the-glass list could use some additions. they offer several different moon shines which is always a fun thing to see! interior is large and airy, but ALL HARD SURFACES so the place is loud. i think the only fabric in the restaurant was the cloth napkins. this is not a good spot for a quiet, intimate dinner. but don't let the noise scare you away, the food is great.food was great! the cochon melted in my mouth. and the yeast rolls r 2 die 4! reminded me of the ones my grandmother used 2 make.ok i was disappointed...we had the fried alligator and oysters which i recommend. the meat platter was ok, the terrine was too salty, and where was the bread? terrine and brandade surely shouldnt be eaten straight? nothing special here, i would pass on this dish.the gumbo - unedible. they must have served the last dreggs as it was way too salty, the bits of whatever was in there was all mushy and soaked up all the salty gumbo stock. it was a beef stock as well, instead of seafood. ...simply put i couldnt finish it and should have sent it back.Went here a couple of weeks ago after reading about the restaurant and seeing it on TV. We had a reservation early which I had made in advance before we traveled and was told by the staff "we got lucky", but when we got there, nobody was in the place. Seemed strange. The place was modern and had a nice vibe. I will warn that if you are going here to get suckling pig or pig sliced off the bone, its not on the menu. Yes, there are pork dishes, but I went there thinking we would get some roast suckling pig cuts, or cracklings but what was on the menu was essentially pulled pork (which I could do at home) and some apps (homemade cold cuts and head cheese). I saw some other reviews that had dishes that had much more pig, but I guess not on the night that we went. We ordered wine off the list, but they were out of the two that we ordered which to me is kinda lame. We decided to get the starters and sample as much as we could and since nothing on the main menu really caught our eye. Unfortunately all the dishes came out at once even though we asked it to be one at a time, so it was hard to even find room at the table. The roasted oysters were really good and came baked with a nice spicy sauce. The cold cut sample was good too. The head cheese was speckled with lot of nice head meat and had a good flavor. The homemade mortadella was good and so were the salamis. I think the best thing was the boudin balls. Nicely fried and had nice spice. The pork cheeks were on the dry side and didn't have a ton of flavor. Overall, its a nice place and the food was good but not overwhelming by any means. This place gets a lot of press and has been on a couple of TV shows, but I wasn't impressed and if in NOLA again, I would skip for sure. The service was just OK. The wine mishap was lazy on their part.  While I normally dint care that several servers are waiting on us, the "main" waiter essentially sat us and brought us the bill. I would have rather given the tip to the server who served us the most and had to tell us about the wine. Its too bad she had to split money with him. I would normally ignore the little things if the food is super good, but I just didnt get it here.Have been back a few times now and it is consistently amazing.  I did run into a few locals who brushed it off as not authentic and said things like they shouldn't have named it Cochon and I beg to differ.  Just because they do not rehash the same old Cajun / Creole goods that every other restaurant in town is pushing doesn't mean they don't get it.  They totally get it.  They use the old ideas as a jumping point and drag it into the 21st Century.  My 2nd time there, about a month after my 1st visit, they actually remembered me which was so cool!  Standouts included Mirliton Salad, Eggplant & Shrimp "Dressing", Strawberry Moonshine and the Ribs w/ pickled watermelon were OUTSTANDING : }  The 3rd visit I tried sitting outside and it was delightful.  Everyone is super friendly there and the food is SO damn good!  This same trip to NOLA also got around to trying The Butcher a few times and highly recommend it as well (see that review)  Still enjoying my Ponchatula Strawberry Jam!This is one of best restaurants I have ever been too. I shared about 7 small plates,a few entrees and some sides with a group of 6 and everything was delicious.  Wood fried oysters, pork cheeks and the rabbit & dumplings were probably my favorites but I feel like you can't go wrong with anything at this place.One of the best restaurants I have ever been to.  We were somewhere around New Orleans on the edge of the levy when the drinks began to take hold.  My attorney and I stumbled into the restaurant for which there was no long wait.  Upon seating and examining the menu two things hit me, "would the food be as good as I had heard?" and "where is our waiter."  After ordering my meal in what appeared to be a normal amount of time the appetizers were served on to the table with steam seeping from the plates.  The smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle were so good I wish more came with the dish I though to myself between bites and the pork cheeks with roasted corn grits was delectable.  When the rabbit and dumplings arrived in front of me it could not have been in a better mood.  The rabbit was as tender and tasty as I have ever enjoyed and the biscuits and gravy complimented the meal as to leave me well sated on my walk back to the French Quarter.This Yankee was thoroughly impressed by the ingredients and the quality of meat served.  The service was not a distraction to the meal which is always a plus.  I wish my hometown had more restaurants of this caliber, oh and I live in Manhattan.Could have ordered anything on the menu.  Between three people, ordered ten things--all great.  Very highly recommended--preferred it to every other place I ate on the trip.The place was packed when I showed up, so I sat at the bar next to the open kitchen.  Service was fantastic and watching all the food coming out of the kitchen whetted my appetite.  I just grazed, and didn't order an entree.  Had the chicken and sausage gumbo, which is the best I've ever had....deep complex flavor and not gloppy like some I've had.  The mac and cheese was creamy and tasty.  The grilled shrimp with chow chow were a tad overcooked, but still had great flavor.  I had two drinks and dessert (pineapple upside down cake, which was good but inferior to the fabulous accompanying coconut-lime sorbet) and I thought the bill was very reasonable.  I would definitely go back and it's such a delicious change of pace from the tourist restaurants around my hotel.While visiting I wanted to try some unique cajun dishes and Cochon fit the bill.  Great service and the food was exceptional.  Favorites included fried rabbit liver with a great jelly and a hint of mint, wood- fired oysters, and a deep fried soft-shell crap.  Definitely worth a visit.I had intended to eat lunch at Cochon Butcher, around the corner, a totally casual sandwich place, but my parents weren't up for said total casualness. So Cochon seated us, despite no reservation, on a recent weekday afternoon. The seats outside looked pleasant...but we ate inside, where it was dark and pleasant. The only negative as to atmosphere was the heavy metal song that blared from speakers toward the end of our lunch. Other than that it was all "Hotel California" classic mellow rock. But the food--the gumbo was seafood-less and had SUCH a dark roux--delicious! This is a great place to bring meat-eaters, especially fans of pork. There were probably vegetarian offerings on the menu (aside from dessert) but I didn't really notice them. Even the (unbelievably delicious) pull-apart (Parker House?) rolls were made with lard, as the waitress informed us after I complimented them. The least great thing we had was the crab salad I ordered. It didn't have any stand-out flavors--with beets and satsumas. The crabmeat was stringy (they didn't SAY it was lump, but still...). It needed some dressing (or maybe even lemon?) to raise it up and unify it. My parents each had a bowl of horseradish potato salad with a chunk of beef brisket that was in a broth-y juice. Delicious. I tried a side of smothered greens--very good--and goood mac 'n cheese (really creamy). I'm going to look up his cookbook to see if he gives the mac recipe because I must have it. We each had dessert (mistake because I was getting on a plane after lunch and felt like I needed a second seat). I had the pineapple upside-down cake. Loved the cornmeal texture, but it could have used more of the caramelized pineapple on top. My dad got hummingbird cake, which was tasty. My mom tried the ice cream sandwich that was sweet and salty with chocolate and peanuts. I can't wait to go back and try the Butcher shop...or I'd like to eat at the bar at Cochon that seems to overlook where the chefs are busy putting together plates.One of the best things we did while in New Orleans. Came here for dinner Saturday night and was really blown away from the service to the food. My wife and I are vegetarians, so the chef whipped something up for us, off-menu, with the fresh, local ingredients he had on hand. Absolutely incredible, delicious and very creative. Our two meat-eating friends were floored by their meals as well. Great cocktails too! Make a reservation though as it was very crowded. I called around 11am on Saturday and got a 9p res which was fine by us, but if you want to eat at a specific time, I'd recommend calling a few days in advance.I came to Cochon twice for lunch during my latest trip, so obviously it really made an impression. I had the catfish the first time with the cucumber salad. Both were excellent. The second trip I had the ham and cheese sandwich which was a special for the day, and my wife had the pork cheeks. Again, both were very good. If you are a fan of pork, then this is a must try.Excellent food. My wife wasn't adventurous enough for the alligator that was recommended by a lot of reviewers, but the appetizers were still great. She had the oyster roast, and I had the fried boudin. We then split the Louisiana Cochon and the Rabbit & Dumplings. I recommend them both.  The only negative was that the staff was clearly trying to turn the table over. We wouldn't let them rush us but try they did.freaking incredible. check out their deli next door too. best sandwiches in the city and great cuts of meat.When entertaining out of town guests that want  New Orleans food with a twist, I always think of Cochon.  There are some great appetizers that I like to order; the fried boudin with pickled peppers, wood-fired oyster roast and spicy grilled pork ribs with watermelon pickle.  Donald Link amazes me because he can take something like "tongue",  whether pork or not and almost make it appealing enough for me to eat.  My memory of "pork tongue", like other children growing up in Louisiana/South, is the huge glass jar of about 50 pork tongue, sitting on top of the meat counter next to the jar of pickled eggs and pigs feet at the neighborhood grocery store.  I have seen fried alligator, pork tongue and rabbit all for sale, but not quite attached to the adjectives used by Link and his creative staff.  However, I find there is something on the menu for everyone.  My  biggest complaint is that the "fish of the day" sells out too quickly and some of the wait staff are a little too cocky.  If you can get passed those two issues it is definitely worth a try.I went to New Orleans for New Years...and well I decided to join Yelp just to say how much i liked this restaurant. The service was excellent and the Alligator Aioli was very very good. Considering the offerings on the menu, prices were also very good. I have a hard time imagining a better place to eat in that price range.Loud rock'n'roll was blaring at midday -- AC/DC & Robert Plant set the raucous tone.   We made the mistake of letting our waiter choose some small plates for our lunch and we were overwhelmed by the quantity of the rich, heavy choices.  Boucherie plate is accompanied by 3-4 tiny croutons so after a few bites you can just enjoy one mouthful of soft fatty meat after another. Fried alligator was tender and delicious -- deep fried chunks of anything with a spicy aioli is hard to mess up.  Heavy casserole of eggplant & bread crumbs.  Spicy wood-fired oysters, ribs...OK.  Salad of sliced raw mushrooms, something-jerky with mint and parsley was confusing but I was dying for something green, fresh or crisp so I ate half of it.   I wish I'd ordered the gazpacho instead to balance the meal.  Pickles were a sweet relief.  We struggled to make a dent in the spread before us -- so packed up a box with the charcuterie to have later with crackers and wine.   I felt like we'd been led by hype into another trendy, overrated JamesBeard-awardee spot but it was our own fault for trusting the waiter to order for us, too.Two hours after lunch I became very nauseous.  Headache, vomiting, diarrhea.  I can't remember ever having such a reaction as I usually have a tough constitution.  But my body rejected something @ Cochon.  We tossed the "to go" box not sure if it was safe.  I called to inform the kitchen and they were very concerned and apologetic.  From the rave reviews here, I'm sure my experience was very unusual, but I have to be honest.  I wish I'd skipped this one.  We dropped over $70 for this experience, but on the upside, I saved on meals and drinks I didn't consume until I'd recovered.  NOLA is no place to nibble toast and sip a soda for two days while everyone else indulges!i love this place, i loved it so much i came back the following day and ordered the same dish!!! you guys have gotta try the grits. so umm ummm good! great wine selections as well.best food i've eaten in new orleans, hands down. amazing dishes, friendly service, very nice outdoor seating, nice drink selection. and pork. delicious pork. win.At the end of a week in New Orleans, we recently wandered in for an early Friday evening dinner in preparation for returning to NE Florida next day....good move!  Reservations?  Are you serious....me, plan ahead?  I was a bit surprised when told we could be seated in about another 3 hours so I asked about two seats at the bar.  Another excellent move since my wife and I  got to enjoy the bacon/oyster sandwich and the redfish.  Both were delicious.  This is a good place with a friendly staff.....give it a try.I was excited to book a reservation at Cochon for our trip to Nola as my co-workers raved about this place.  First of all the 1 star was for the experience and the service.  The worst service I've received in years!  We booked a reservation on the night of 09/29/11.  As a couple we we're seated and then waited for more than 10 minutes for our server to take our drink orders.  After he brought our drinks he mentioned he would bring us freshly baked bread and take our order.  He then proceeded to disappear into the abyss.  A while later a woman showed up to take our order which was two Cochon's, an order of Collard Greens, and an order of Mac & Cheese.  She took our order and left.  The server for the table next to us explained all the different specials they had that night ours did not even mention there were specials.  The food showed up and was 5/5 stars.  After we received our meals no one asked us if everything was okay? We finished and the tables all around us received baskets of fresh baked bread.  The original server showed up again and asked us if we wanted another beer or something for dessert? We asked if there was any bread?  He said he would check on it.  He never came back!  Then the girl that was our second server came back and asked if we wanted dessert again?  We decided to grab the tab and get out before anymore of our time was wasted.  She disappeared for 10  minutes plus and finally showed up with the check.  All the "foodie" hype is true the quality was amazing but I'm still at a loss of paying $100 plus for two people and receiving poor customer service.  One of the greatest disappointments from our trip.I am not sure that you could ever cook a pig better. This is where the good food is hiding. You will not be disappointed.We were super excited to visit this restaurant when we went to New Orleans to visit family.  My brother, a New Orleans resident, called 3 days in advance to make a reservation and was told the only openings were 5pm or 10pm.  We made a reservation at 5pm and asked them to call if there was a later opening.  The day of the reservation, they called to confirm and we once again asked to get in a little bit later.  We were told they were booked and they would call if anything opened up.  We arrived at 5pm and were the 3rd or 4th table seated.  It didn't even start getting even a little busier until 6pm and when we left at 6:40, there were still tables that had not been sat in the entire time we were there.  Why they could not fit us in even 30 minutes later remains a mystery, but their inconsideration got the meal started off on the wrong foot.Our waitress was not super friendly.  We asked to substitute the vegetables from one dish with those in another dish and were flat out told that "chef" was unable to accommodate that.  Then we asked for some details about an appetizer and were told that there were 3-4 pieces of meat (pork cheek).  We requested that they include 4 (4 of the smallest pieces would have been just fine) since there were 4 of us and we were once again told "oh no, I cannot ask chef to do that."  I am not sure what kind of person this "chef" is, but he definitely isn't an accommodating one and the waitress seemed slightly frightened of him.  When the dish arrived it had 3 pieces-you would think at the very least the waitress would have cut one of the larger pieces herself to try and make her guests happy.  We had to flag down the waitress to ask for more bread (after she just whisked the empty basket away) and they never came around to fill our water (we had to ask).  We also had to wait 10 additional minutes for one person's entrée while the rest of our food sat in front of us on the table and got cold without so much as an apology.  Lastly, we got a new waitress for about 25 minutes in the middle of the meal and then our original waitress returned and basically threw the check on the table at the end.  All in all, a very odd and disappointing meal.That being said, the food was quite good, but for the price I expect to be treated much better.  We will not be returning here on our next visit.The eggplant and shrimp dressing -- that's right....dressing, as Thanksgiving cornbread dressing re-inspired  -- is awesome.  I wish i would have splurged on the creamy grits and mac n' cheese casserole instead of the lima beans.  Note: the sides are large enough to share (and are ordered separately from the main dish). Menu is concise, yet offers a great variety.  Same can be said of the wine menu.  Great vibe.  An overall positive experienceWalking by last Saturday night and were seated within 10 minutes. Good food and great atmosphere. Second time at Cochon and will come back.The worst restaurant in New OrleansWho knew alligator (fried with chili aioli) would be so mouthwatering? Kinda expensive but so very worth it..portions were just right and not too overwhelming!!!!Really great place!!  It was a long wait, but a great atmosphere to hang out.  We had DELICIOUS charbroiled oysters and an AMAZING beef cheeks appetizer.  The only thing I didn't love were my soft shell crabs, but it was otherwise fantastic.I had made reservations a couple weeks in advance since we would be visiting from out of state.  I'll say we overate.  Wait, what I mean is "Overated!"  or is that Over Rated!.  Service was lukewarm at best and indifferent at times.  When we ask about bread after ordering wine and an appetizer, we were told "the bread has to bake in the oven and they're waiting for it to come out."  The fresh from the oven rolls finally arrived at the same time as our entree which seemed to be slow out of the kitchen.  The ham hock was...well, a ham hock.  I've prepared many at home for beans, etc., that were equal to what I was served.  The accompanying roasted brussel sprouts were room temp. to cold, don't know if thats how they were supposed to be served but thats how they were.  We've visited New Orleans many times over the past 25 years and have always enjoyed the adventure in trying new places along with revisiting some of our favorites.  We did not enjoy Cochon, the service even less.  There are too many great restaurants in the city serving traditional New Orleans dishes together with new or updated variations to have wasted the opportunity on Cochon.This was our second visit in six months as we are from South Florida. Our first experience was very good and because of that we decided to go again on our second trip. To say I was disappointed is not enough. From the beginning the waiter showed no interest in assisting us with the menu even though we asked for help. The menu is very small, last time they had specials, this time none. Nevertheless we had a hard time picking an item. When my wife asked if she could substitute the potatoes for something else the answer was "absolutely no substitutions" then as my wife looked at him with an incredulous stare because she cannot eat gluten, the waiter said, "but you can buy a side". Really? We have eaten all over in high end to hole in the wall locales and never had an issue. This pretentious attitude is just not acceptable. So as it was our last night in New Orleans and we didn't want to deal with a headache or have our night ruined we just ordered something else. I had the pork which was not only salty, it was dry. And don't let me forget the peanut salad that was the biggest joke, seriously if you call four lettuce leaves with a few peanut halves on top a "salad" and slap a $9 dollar price tag on it and are proud of your efforts, you seriously need a reality check. We actually had lunch a few days prior at Cochon Butcher and it was pretty good, at that moment we wished badly we had just walked next door and ordered a sandwich. The most frustrating part is we have planned this trip since August and reservations were made since October. We are not food snobs, we just expect good food and great service. Having a waiter completely ignore you, not ask if you needed more wine or beer and never come once to your table to ask how everything was is just not acceptable. We definitely will not be going back and we were left with a bitter taste in our mouth. Hope your experience is better than ours.OK...YOU BASTARDS DEPRIVED ME OF 300 DOLLARS!!!!  Well, maybe I am not really angry but more ECSTATIC!!!!  I was staying at an exceptionally overpriced hotel and dying for a good meal and yelp turned out to be my best friend.  Just 2 blocks away was Cochon!  We showed up without a reservation and got a table without too much of a wait.  We ordered drinks (Michter's rye and Cat Daddy Moonshine) which were amazing and looked over the menu.  One word comes to mind when I think of that menu and it was incredible.   We ordered 1/2 the menu the first night and the second half the next night.  I spent well over 300 bucks at this joint and would do it again in a heartbeat.  There was nothing on this menu that was less than exquisite! Hush puppies, Mac n' Cheese, Ribs (yes, I just wet myself), and dessert were all amazing.  I don't remember what dessert was but what ever the hell they are serving...order it cause it's great.  I have no idea what you like but if you like Cajun food, BBQ, and pork, you will love this join.  If you don't, go somewhere else so we can get a table.amazing/unique food selection.  great cocktails, too.Cochon is fantastic!  My only regret is that I had only one opportunity to eat there during my recent visit to NOLA. I liked everything about this place: the creative menu that brings imagination, superior ingredients and preparation to traditional American fare and more; the attentive and very competent service and the charming, rustic setting which serves to amplify the overall experience.  Cochon transcends Cajun (which I happen to like a lot) with a menu that encompasses Southern regional cuisine and possibly more.  I had the Smoked Beef Brisket with Horseradish Potato Salad.  The balance and combination of flavors was perfect and this dish paired well with the Seghesio Zin that I had with it.  If I had the opportunity to introduce someone from another country to American cuisine and I could take them anywhere in the country and order any dish, this is the dish I would order, because it is a superior implementation of a historic dish with superb ingredients prepared in an imaginative and unforgettable way. The dessert menu is equally amazing.   I arrived relatively late in lunchtime and they had run out of some of the dessert items. I ordered the Moon Pie with Dr. Pepper sherbet.  I recall moon pies from decades past, but Dr. Pepper sherbet was a new one for me!  I probably would have ordered this dessert anyway because it sounded so interesting and it was! Again, all of the flavors were well balanced and not overwhelming in any way but not timid or missing in action, either.  I look forward to future visits to NOLA and to dining at Cochon again soon.