NOTE: If you have a big appetite, but not a big wallet, don't make this place a go-to.That being said, the food here is of high quality and is very flavorful.Unlike most Mexican restaurants, whose menus play in the ridiculously large space, Big Star limits their offerings to a handful of options that they do very well. It helps you make up your mind.$3 for a small soft taco is pretty high. And if you're a hungry guy (like my husband) you could easily be 10-12 tacos in before you actually start to feel full. But that means you're also $30-36 dollars in the hole. For one person. I know they're charging for the quality of ingredients, so perhaps this just needs to be a snack or light lunch for those of us who don't like leaving a place hungry.The pastor meat is amazing, brightened by pineapple. I asked for a side of it to go atop the Big Star salad, which ended up being a good-sized meal and very fresh.The guacamole was mediocre; you can get much better at Las Palmas up the road on North Ave or at Irazu on Milwaukee.My husband was raving about the chorizo tacos, and the tortillas are corn-based and scrumptious.If you like to "be seen" and talk very loudly to your dining companions, try to sit at a table. If you're like us and prefer actual conversation in peace, order your food from the to-go window and take it home, to a park, or sit at one of the picnic tables by the to-go window.We tried this place after the nearby, the Violet Hour.  Big Star has an impressive outdoor seating section and an indoor area as well.  We were there on a Thursday night and it was packed!  We found a couple seats inside quickly.  It has a very cool tex-mex theme.  Everything was very clean and the staff was friendly, quick and helpful.  We ordered a few different tacos, the chips and guacamole and a pitcher of margaritas.  The margaritas were delicious and the tacos were amazing!  I tried a bite of a couple different tacos and all were just awesome.  The guac was fresh and tasty also.  The food was all reasonably priced.This place is very popular so I could see having to wait on a weekend.  The food was great and the drinks were strong.  I would definitely recommend this place.  But keep in mind it is cash only.  It would probably be nice for a family earlier in the day.I loved it here and after reading reviews from people who gave this place 1 star, most were for ridiculous reasons.  I think this place deserves at least 4 stars.  The drinks were delicious and they have a wide variety of whiskey, tequila, and beer.  I thought the chips and guacamole were pretty awesome, also.  The meat in the tacos was well seasoned of the ones I tried, there were an assortment of different sauces and finishings.  The only thing I would change is that the fish taco was heavily battered but it still tasted delicious.  As for the atmosphere, although it had a bit of a hipster vibe, everyone was friendly, drinking, chilling, and not overly deuchey or rowdy.  I loved the outdoor seating, and although it gets crowded we didn't wait too long for a table.  Me gusta mucho, I would definitely come back and bring friends.And one more thing...pretty damn cheap! :)Came in mid-day to celebrate (or recover from) our move. Sat at the bar and got ok service from the bartender. We had one of each type of taco (don't judge, we were hungry!). None of them were that memorable -- fancy, overpriced tacos. Next time I want a taco, I'll get a real one. Drinks were pretty good. I'd come back again and give it another shot, if I wasn't so allergic to waiting for tables.THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!You completely saved an otherwise awful Chicago restaurant day. We were in from out of town for a birthday celebration and in between visits to Longman & Eagle (they were crazy overwhelmed so our experience unfortunately suffered greatly) for brunch and Alinea for dinner when we popped into Violet Hour and were pointed across the street when we asked for a recommendation for something quick and fun to fill our bellies. After a great cocktail at VH we put our name on the 45 minute wait list (which ended up being SPOT on!) but we actually ended up sitting at the bar when some seats conveniently opened up. There is nothing in this world that I love more than a restaurant that knows what they do and do it well. The experience is indescribable for me, it just seems perfect. No fluff, no bullshit, just pure authenticity and hospitality. Your staff was full of aces, all working extremely hard and with each other to provide a great experience. We enjoyed a few Micheladas, several tacos and the scrumptious, cheesy, oily and DELICIOUS queso fundido while admiring the bar staff busting their asses with smiles on their faces and laughs in the air. Lively, delicious, affordable, fun, relaxing, vibrant, blah blah blah.... just fucking go and ENJOY! Thank you to all of you for a seriously great experience. I will return as soon as my girlfriend decides to visit her sister again.The atmosphere is fun and almost carnival like.  They offer indoor and outdoor seating and from the looks of it, they're expanding into the lot North of them as well.  We sat outside under a large covered area, but they also have multiple tables with umbrellas.Food was amazing and the price provides great value.  I order the al pastor, chorizo & fish tacos and they were all really great.  The fish taco, although more expensive than the other two, was huge and I'm sure if I ordered 2 fish tacos, I would have not needed a 3rd.  My pescetarian wife enjoyed the fish taco loved every bite.  The classic margarita she ordered was citrusy and not stingy on the tequila.  My only knock is that it's too bad they don't offer veggies to dip the guacamole instead of tortilla chips.  I don't know of any Mexican restaurant that does, but still sounds like an untapped option.One word to describe service: FAST.  We went at noon on a Monday so I'd be a little weary if it wasn't, but it was still faster than I would have expected.  We ordered our drinks and tacos at the same time AND GOT OUR TACOS FIRST! WOW! I don't know if that's ever happened to me at a restaurant.  Quite awesome!Overall: Great restaurant with great food.  Cash Only is kind of a bummer, but I think the savings is passed onto the customer so not too bad.  Just have to know in advance.If you aren't in the mood to be around people, you probably want to skip Big Star. You'll likely wait in line (with people) and be seated at a table in close proximity to other tables (with people). And, said people may be several adult beverages ahead of you. So, I suggest you start drinking...the margaritas are good, and strong enough to take the edge off (the people)....you can wash them down with a few tacos. I tried the pork tacos and the fish tacos, and can recommend both as quality margarita supplements.  Guacamole was very good as well. Not sure I understand the seemingly ever-present Big Star mob scene, but I did enjoy what I drank. And ate.Came in on a Saturday night. Left my cell phone number for them to text when we can get in. They said about 45 minutes, 15 minutes later we got the text. Gave our number after we got in to get a table. We ended up getting a bar spot and ate there. The chips and guacamole were good, tacos were ok, atmosphere was nice. Didn't have a bad time there. Never got the your table is ready text though, even though it was not busy by the time we left. Good decision on the bar.Popped into Big star last minute on a Sunday; high noon; no wait."ID's please""Would you like to sit outside?""Yes""Would you like to sit in the sun or in the shade?""Shade Please"**We were sat in the 85 degree sun** "Can we sit is the shade please?""We are trying to save the larger tables for larger parties" We compromised with the hostess and found a table that was 1/2 in the shade. it's just kind of frustrating.-1 star Big Star. I love the open air ambiance and the good old American music "sometimes vinyl.The prices are honest. the Queso Fundido and Ensalate are a perfect, cheesy meal for 2. The Michelada is made with salsa (maybe Pico)  and oh so flavorful. The drink is $5 and definitely a fair price given the neighborhood.  Cash only!get their EARLY! or with time to spare. Drink a tall boy while you wait at the to-go area taco bar. THIS JUST IN::: They are expanding! This place is gonna be massive as they are taking over the shitty parking lot just north of them.I don't have much variety from what's already been written about Big Star but I figured I'd throw my two cents into the mix anyway. We ventured down here on a Saturday afternoon that was full of sunshine and summer vibes. We knew there would be a wait so we put our name on the list and perused the many shops near by. I expected the wait to be a lot longer but within 30 minutes we were seated at a table on the patio. While I know waiting can be annoying I think the advantage here is that there is enough in the neighborhood to keep you occupied while you wait. Once seated we needed a few minutes to browse the drinks menu and when our server swung back through for the second time we grabbed 2 gumball heads and ordered chips and guac. So so so so soooooo yummy! I can't say why I thought it was so good, I've eaten guacamole all over the country and in Mexico but this really hit the spot. We took our time enjoying the sunshine, beers and appetizer. When we were ready we ordered three tacos each. I enjoyed the taco al pastor (delicious! the pineapple was perfection with it and it's one of the best pastor tacos I've had in a while), the taco de panza (perfectly cooked pork belly and the sauce that was on it was so damn good!) as well as the taco de pescado (this was seriously one the top 3 fish tacos I've had. I don't usually do beer battered fish tacos but it was amazing.) I can't wait to come back here this summer, the food was delicious and the beers were cold. I will agree with most of the comments about the staff. They were kind of a pain in the ass. Pretentious and seemingly either annoyed about the fact that they're at work or just annoyed with people in general. I get annoyed with people in general too but when you're job involves dealing with people I think you should at least pretend to be happy about being at work. Maybe that's just me. But now I do know what to expect and I look forward to more patio time with fish tacos and a beverage in hand.We had such high hopes. We were told we would get a table and waited for over 2 hours with nothing and watched others get seated who came after us. The worst was when the server in the gray onesie (that looked like what an infant wears) shoved herself into me on purpose,  physically harassing me when she got annoyed with us. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.Love the atmosphere, location and food! Prices are decent and love how they serve food until 1:30am! Service isn't the greatest, was there two times and got forgotten both times. Thought maybe it was a one time deal or maybe I got stuck with that same server.People who wrote negative reviews on this place and complain about CASH only are truly lame! Yelp is here to offer an insite into the resturants food and culture. Yelp is not in place to bash the resturant because you had to wait two hours on a Saturday night. Gross! Get over your "me" first attitude and know in real life you have to wait for things you want. Big Star is located in one of the most popular neighborhoods in Chicago and is consistently crowded. For the space of the bar and the kitchen.... this place produces miraculously. The food is great, the drinks are strong and service is friendly. Whatelse are you looking for? For individuals who are looking to be babied and pampered this is not the place for you. This is a place for chill folks who are looking for a good time, not for people with an elitest attitude who think they are better than others and don't have to wait like everone else.  I love Big Star and I will be back!The tacos here are awesome!  I usually get chicken tacos and/or the fish tacos and they don't disappoint.  Service isn't' that great if you dine in but still a good spot to pick food up.Great prices. Really good food. Awesome patio. Solid bar for waiting. Waits are long, but great system with text notification and confirmation. Respectable beer list and tap selection.I came here on a weekday afternoon for lunch and I had no problem getting a table for four. Although there's only street parking, it wasn't a huge issue either--I just circled around the block and found parking nearby. I ordered two tacos de pollo (chicken tacos) to see what all the hype was about and although the tacos were decent, I would not drive all the way back here just for overpriced tacos. 2-3 tacos would probably be enough, but you should order 4 tacos if you're famished.Came here for a late night bite. The place was packed! But fortunately we were able to grab a seat. Luck for me, but unlucky for my wife, the place was too loud and we had to be a same side couple. As you can tell, I enjoy sitting on the same side with her haha.The food was really decent. I mean yes I would not come here just for the food, but this place was open and served really good food. And the service for us on this night was great! We were served beer rapidly and they kept it coming. The food came quickly and we were able to leave the loud noise to let the hipsters have the booth. Yes I called them hipsters. Seems to be more of an alternative bar, especially by the decor. Maybe it was a late night and that is all that is out that late? I dunno, maybe I'm old and am wearing a tie.Sure I'll come back! I live down the street!Pretty good tacos. Nice friendly service but one star for atmosphere. Tried to sit on the patio with friends, but the wind kept blowing our napkins away. I just couldn't. this is absolutely unacceptable. build a wall and enclose the patio so this doesn't happen ever again. I'm trying to have a nice lunch, not a wilderness survival trip, Big Star. Fix this immediately or we're never coming back. Also, my salsa bottle was half empty when we got there. I don't like feeling like I'm eating someone else's left overs. AND they only offered Mexican beers. What gives?Went here with my gf after hearing rave reviews about this place.  This is probably great drunk food and the environment was pretty nice (outdoor patio and cool indoor bar), but I thought this place was just your average gourmet taco and margarita place.We tried every type of taco except for the vegan one and had a pitcher of the spicier margarita.  Margarita was average, nothing really pushed me to keep drinking our pitcher. Also margaritas were a bit expensive for Wicker Park ($40 a pitcher. Not worth it in my mind.)Some of the tacos were pretty good. I really enjoyed the fish and steak ones in particular. However nothing to blow me out of the water.All in all this place is decent.  Can be fun but there are better places out there. Maybe I'll come back if I'm with a group.I will forgive them the long lines (90 minutes for a table on a Thursday night) and the meat-market vibe, because it is Wicker Park and to be expected.  But I will not forgive them the tacos.  They messed up our order so I'm not entirely sure what we got, but what seemed to be the "chorizo verde"  was bland, what seemed to be the "plancha" was drowned in a monotonous red sauce, and the taco al pastor was edible but unexciting.I don't think I'm just being a disgruntled ex-Californian here.  I am perfectly ready to believe that there are good tacos in Chicago; they just ain't here.Stopped in here on our way to downtown Chicago. The guacamole was terrific and not to be missed. I had the pork tacos and my wife had the tilapia. All of them were quite good, but I've had similar elsewhere. The atmosphere was "garage- chic" and seemed like it would be the perfect place for a group of friends to drink a few pitchers of the $37 margaritas, which were excellentSuch a great and lively atmosphere! Love to bring out of town folks here :) their fish tacos and margaritas pitchers are bomb diggityI personally think Big Star is over-hyped, and much of the experience is the atmosphere as much as it is the food, but it's solid Mexican food.I live in Dallas now though, so I've become pickier about my tex-mex.  It's not that it's not good, it's just not great.And, the cash only thing is rather annoying.Guac, Queso Fundido, Tacos, they're all good, but nothing I haven't had elsewhere, either.The tacos were good.  We ordered taco de panza, taco al pastor, taco de pollo, and the fish taco.  Panza and pastor were the good ones and the rest was ok. The service here was not great. The food took awhile to come out. The waiter never checked on us and it took a long time to wave her down to get the check.This is my first time to have tacos since I  used to thought it might not fit my Asian taste. But after I had it, it's totally changed my mind.Last Saturday afternoon, my boyfriend and I finally made it while a festival also be hold in that area. Befor came, we read a lot of reviews on Yelp and already made good preparation for the long time waiting. HOWEVER, the fortunately thing is it just took us about 3-4 mins to get the table!The first four tacos on their menu, we ordered 1 of each of them. I love the 2nd one (pork belly one), it's so flavored and tasty! The 1st one (which my boyfriend loved) is also good though, but the 2nd rock more.Hard to find a parking spot near street, so recommend you start to find it as early as possible. Busy surrounding with friendly service. Heard that they'll close the outdoor seating area when raining.Oh, one last important thing: CASH ONLY!! But don't worry, there's ATM around the corner.You can't hate this place, yes it's trendy and yes it's packed...to a ridiculous point we are talking freezing cold people huddling under heat lamps ridiculous. Anyway, good margaritas although the pitcher prices have risen dramatically. Food is ok, nothing super special, but not bad either, BUT it's the place to be in the summer...there is no arguing that. The only people who argue that it's not the place to be are the ones who don't want to wait to get in.Btw put your name in BEFORE you want to go and wait an hour or two they will text you and then head over, easy peasy.Cash Only!!!!!!Went to Big Star on Saturday around 3pm. Didn't get to sit down until 5:45PM! I feel bad for the poor souls that got there at 5pm for dinner.Unless Big Star was the only plan for the night EXPECT a very long wait period. I waited so long that they had to text me to see if I was still interested. That being said -- once you sit down it's definitely worth it. Cheap eats for Chicago and pretty good bar deals. If you are here simply to try the taco's and not the atmosphere go get take out. It's faster and you'll get the same food. If you aren't really feeling the crowd try an alternative -- Arturo's! Arguably the same if not better than Big Star. Also cheaper I believe. As a last note: This place is worth the hype....after a couple of drinks at the bar since you will most likely have to kill time.I usually don't do this but um.....  I've never been more disappointed with a restaurant than after having lunch at Big Star.  Service was awful, food was worse, and the outside patio is left me in the most uncomfortable dining experience ever.  Our server took about 10-15 minutes to even approach our table and she then asked "are you guys ok?" um...no lady.. we would like to order..?  I felt like the Taco al Pastor I ordered sucked all of the moisture out of my mouth with it's dry, flavorless pork shoulder wrapped in a sock trying to call itself a tortilla.  The best thing about my experience at Big Star was the Fritos in my Walking Taco- you can't mess up Fritos. Hey, at least I was close enough to the table next to mine to vicariously taste their guacamole because my Queso Fundido was BLEH! Needless to say, I have no reason or desire to ever return.Welcome to taco paradise. I used the take out area during the Green Festival and atethe taco de panza, chorizo verde and the fish taco. I could see why people were waiting in line. Muy sabrosos! Regreso pronto.Man, this place is poppin' during all times of the day. All of their tacos are awesome and I think each one will appeal to certain individuals with taste bud preferences.I personally loved their fish tacos (taco de pescabdo) as well as the chorizo taco (taco de chorizo verde). That fish taco was done just right...provided a nice crunch and yet, it didnt explode with oil nor was it caked with batter. Chipotle mayo, onions, cabbage, and a drizzle of lime...SHUT THE FRONT DOOR. You know, not many people enjoyed the chorizo taco as much as I did. Indeed, it was heavy on the flavor as their own pork sausages were knee deep in the chili profile. But man, they put it on a bed of potatoes!@#! TURN DOWN FOR WHAT.Geniuses in there...Al pastor and panza all day. I think the tacos are pretty darn good for $3. The dining/bar area inside is pretty tight but it's a good way to mingle with other people. I like this place more for the take-out window though. Better than the other quick taco places around the area.So this place is pretty awesome - one of my favorite places in Chicago. It's a hit or miss to get seating, but ultimately it's more fun to wait at the bar and grab a pitcher of margaritas or a michelada and order some grub while waiting. We ended up just hanging at the bar and taking seats as they became available. Pastor taco is always great. The guac has the radish in it which heightens the dish overall. The fish tacos are tasty - sometimes a little soggy.  I actually miss the menu from about 10 months ago - there was a beet tostada which was killer. Bring it back!!You must get the margaritas. I don't know what they put in there but it always makes the rest of the day (or night) much more interesting. I just moved out of chi and will definitely miss a Saturday or Sunday afternoon at big star.Ah big star- major bummer, I worked late night and stopped by to grab a taco to go at 1:25. Make sure to update your hours if you're not going to serve people more than an hour before closing. Really disappointed- i just moved down the street from here and do not plan on returning. Have fun with your trashed drunk hipster crowd when you won't allow a sober person coming off of work in.Really popular place here especially for the summer. Came a couple times around 330 in the afternoon and it was pretty packed. Being low on time I just ordered from the to go window. Tried most of the tacos in a couple of visits and must say the de panza is good but the best is the pescado or fish taco, one of the best I have ever eaten. But other then that the food was good not amazing or worth all the hype! The reason y this spot is popular is because of the fun trendy atmosphere which I do gotta give props for. I must come back at night and eat in hopefully the drinks will stand out because the tacos didn't!Great atmosphere, we had to wait almost 3 hours for a table but they had a system to text us when our table was close to ready.  That way you can go get some drinks other places and explore if you want to stick around that area of town.  The tacos were all good and the pitcher of margaritas were very well mixed.  Plenty strong and could be deadly after too many but you get your money worth.This is a great place if you are looking for something modern and trendy. They have a smaller menu then most places, and the prices have tax included which is great! The only negative thing is that it is kind of busy, and the seating is in somewhat close proximity. But the food was really good otherwise! I would come again.We came here after dinner for a margarita. Just a single margarita. But then oh my god tacos. They called to us. We got a fish, a chicken and a pork belly and basically polished them off in about 7 minutes. They were each unique and perfect. And they came out from the kitchen in mere moments. Our margaritas were superb. This place has no need for drink specials or happy hour prices since basically everyone and their mom is looking to get a table to eat at all times. And at $3/4 a taco, it's not a bank break to eat your fill. Go early or go late to get a spot, but stay a while because the drinks are great and you never know when you're going to be hungry for another taco.I've heard such good things about Big Star but never had the chance to try it until I started working in Wicker Park for the summer. I couldn't really imagine that I would be so satisfied by $3 tacos, but every time I walked by Big Star in the afternoon or at night, the place was just packed to the brim!The tacos were amazing. So far, I've only tried the Pastor and Fish tacos, but I thoroughly enjoyed both of them. They looked so simple when I first saw them, but they packed quite a bit of flavor. One of my friends includes Big Star in her "trifecta of Chicago;" when friends come to visit her, she makes sure to take them here. I see why!So glad I finally tried! Got the pork belly, chicken and fish tacos to-go. Granted they had to endure a long ride home on the CTA but they were still intact when I dug into them and the flavors were strong and zippity fresh! My fave was the fish taco, followed by chicken. Yum!Best. Tacos. Ever. Taco al Pastor and Taco de Panza are insanely good. So simple yet so flavorful. This place is a total must even if you don't wanna venture over to Wicker Park. I promise you that it is so worth it. Amazing. And don't skip the Tecate micheladas. They are a great companion drink to these insanely good tacos. This no frills places surprised me.As I spend more time in Chicago, it's becoming increasingly apparent that you're best bet is to always show up early to a popular establishment. Like really early.Today I was lucky, and met some friends who grabbed a patio table at around 5:45 because as we left at 9 or so, the line was long as the place was HOPPING.And there is reason... the food is really good and the atmosphere is fucking killer. For months now people have been asking me if I've tried Big Star and now I get it. A huge patio, tons of interesting people enjoying tasty (and tiny) tacos, and something in the air that makes you feel like you're making all of the right choices in life.I ordered 2 tacos, the crispy pork belly and the chorizo. Both were really devine. Incredibly flavorful, perfectly fatty and just... good. But small. Super teeny tiny. I wish I had ordered more, which I will upon next visit. So yeah, this place is pretty rad. It's super busy so you may come and hate it, because waiting 30-90 minutes or more for teeny tiny tacos sucks. But if you can grab a seat early or on an off day, it's so so worth the effort.Best. Tacos. Ever. Taco al Pastor and Taco de Panza are insanely good. So simple yet so flavorful. This place is a total must even if you don't wanna venture over to Wicker Park. I promise you that it is so worth it. Amazing. And don't skip the Tecate micheladas. They are a great companion drink to these insanely good tacos. This no frills places surprised me.Heard a lot of good things about Big Star. However, all the hype ended up in mild disappointment.The tacos here are decent, but definitely not worth writing home about. Sizes are small, and for tacos, slightly overpriced. The selection is okay, but missing some staples. They're also on the fusion side, rather than purebred Mexican tacos.I love Big Star in theory. Who wouldn't? I go there to eat good tacos and complain about all the other patrons. The potato tacos are the best potato tacos in the city. As a vegetarian I have a hard time finding really flavorful tacos. What sucks about this place is the service/staff. It's like they show up to be seen instead of showing up to work. Worst service I've ever had. Out of 5 servers I've had, one is definitely worthy of 5 stars and the others make me consider utilizing the carry out window only.For our Sweet Home Chicago wedding planned from grad school in Austin, TX, my husband and I wanted to honor our home away from home by serving our guests tacos. If you don't know ATX, tacos are sort of a big deal here. Okay, they're a huge deal here, so we needed the best we could find in Chicagoland.Luckily, we were already fans of Big Star. Luckily, they cater like bosses.We worked with Margaret and her catering staff to create a menu that was delectable (al pastor, y'all. for real), kid and vegan-friendly, and affordable. While I can never have too many tacos, Margaret helped us make sure that no one at our wedding went hungry.Walked in on a Saturday afternoon, sat down at the bar.  With several spots open around us, the place was busy, but not slammed.  At least three bartenders made eye contact with me, and then chose to just stand around doing nothing, rather than approach us.  We waited for probably 10 minutes, and not one person made any attempt to help us.  Walked back out.  So disappointing because I live for tacos and margs, but I guess I'll never know how they are here.  Along with the "too cool for you" service, the decor is depressing, also.  I'm not sure that even if I had ever gotten waited on, I would have enjoyed the experience at all.Ahhh, one can never go wrong at Big Star. I order a michelada, guac and ANY taco (pastor and fish are my favs) then commence people watching. Everyone in here is beautiful and happy. Cash only and long waits, but who cares?I forgot to update, but the pescado taco I knew and loved is back. Priced $1 more than it used to be but whatever, worth it. Summer is coming and this place just gets way too busy. I guess I can't fault them for that but it'll be walk-up window or off peak times only for me.Got here around 645 last night and it was crazy crowdeddd so we had to go to the takeout line which wasn't bad at all. The service was quick and the line flowed relatively smoothly and there were a couple of big benches to the side that could fit about 10-14 people each if needed. The tacos were pretty good, I got the al pastor, the pork belly, and the fish tacos. The al pastor tacos were quite tasty and it was a good balance of sweet from the pineapple and the pork. The pork belly was nice and rich without feeling too fatty. The fish tacos were delicious with a nice crunch from the batter and a good amount of slaw mixed in to provide a nice vinegary taste to balance everything out. Overall it's a pretty good deal with most tacos coming in at 3 bucks and the more expensive tacos at 4-5 tacos. My gf also got the horchata which was pretty good. Really sweet with a cinammon-y flavor. Definitely want to come back again to try all the other tacos!Being a native San Franciscan, I've been dying to have some great tacos here in Chicago. My friend had been talking about Big Star so the other night we went to check it out. It was a beautiful weekend night in Chicago so of course the place was packed but we got a table pretty quick.We ordered queso fundido, a pitcher of margaritas, and tacos al pastor, and the bbq pork belly tacos. Oh man! The al pastor was perfect as was the queso. The pork belly was rich and yummy. The margaritas were well balanced and great accompaniment for the tacos. You can easily get full on just a couple of the tacos. Definitely need to go back to try the rest of the menu.The chorizo taco was phenomenal, as was the pescado.  The pork belly taco was dry and overcooked.  But the service was the sole reason for my low rating.We stood in the sweltering heat waiting for our indoor/outdoor table for 2 for a weekday lunch, watching as party after party of 3 and 4 arrived after us, yet was seated before us.  The reason this was annoying was that there were a number of outdoor tables meant for 4 people that already had 2 women seated at them WITH THEIR HANDBAGS TAKING UP THE OTHER TWO SEATS.  Big Star, at least be consistent with your claim to need a minimum of 3 people to occupy a 4-chair table.Our waitress got our drink orders wrong but never came to check up on us since another worker brought out all of the orders.  So we put up with it.  Their next flub was that we had to wait another 20 minutes after the drinks and chips were brought out to place our taco order.  At times, the waitress was literally standing a few feet behind our table but was chatting with another employee and so did not notice us trying to wave her over.  As she finally walked past our table, I politely called out "Can we place our taco order, please?"  Just as I finished uttering this question, she stopped at the table immediately next to ours, looked me in the eye with a "How dare you call out to me" stank, looked down at our empty table, and then completely turned away to see to the other table.  Did not even give us the courtesy of a quick "one minute please" hand motion or nod to let us know that she had acknowledged our need for service.  One of the worst waitresses I've ever had the displeasure of ordering from.Pros are obvious: Great food, priced accurately, awesome booze, also priced appropriately. Cons are all forgivable: DUH there's a long wait, it's really good! Not their fault. YES sometimes the staff can be a little...."straight forward" but if you look around, there is a sea of drunk dummies that probably are not fun to serve. Big Star does it right, and I can't wait for a summer on the patio.Only thing that I was impressed by was the GumBallHead on tap. Tacos were quite small for the price. Service was terrible and left me with a stomach ache..... The hype is Not real for Big Star..Stopped by for takeout and was able to avoid the crowds, though now that it's getting warm out, the patio is open and there's a lot more space. I ordered the tacos al pastor, de panza, and de pescado, all of which were delicious (even though I didn't eat them until an hour after I'd gotten them). Tacos are pretty small - you'd probably need at least three or so to make up a whole meal, unless you're getting sides as well - but I really enjoyed them.Minus one star for the limeade - I was really looking forward to trying it (it's lime flavored agua fresca), but it was overly sweet and more or less tasted like the lime version of powdered lemonade. Nowhere near worth the three dollars I paid for it.Fish Tacos, Pork Belly Tacos and the Big Star Margarita. DO IT! Tip for the patio, yes, it's going to be packed...everyone in Chicago wants to sit on a patio when it's over 40 degrees outside. Go early or just deal with the wait.Take-out rocks if you just want to get 'em and go.Friday night, 6 pm...buddied up to the bar with my friend visiting from Ohio.  She got the Michaletta drink - they use homemade hot sauce- she said it was spicy but delish!  I had a big star margarita - it had a surprising smoky aftertaste.The chips and quac are better than average, hit the spot, as well with the pickled veggies.  We had walking tacos, but the fish taco and chicken were my favorite!  Afterword, we had dessert across the street at Stan's Donut - perfect dessert to compliment our spicy evening!Not much hasn't been said about Big Star, but I wanted to add that the beer-battered tilapia tacos have been on my mind every single day in the weeks since I last had them! They wash down nicely with $3 Tecates. Also, service is always prompt even during the shit show that is Friday happy hour. Enjoy you will!Utterly delicious. Cool vibe. Cheap eats. I've had the al pastor, chorizo, and fish tacos and all were awesome. What stands out though is the fundido, it is the perfect appetizer. It's a bit greasy and small but is packed with amazing flavor and is totally unique. Randomly, Big Star can actually be good for loud kids. My son was both talking and screaming but the ambient noise and background music made what could be a total embarrassment a decent meal.Incredible service. Went there with the significant other around 7:30 or 8 on a weeknight, and the place was packed. Estimated wait for 2 was around 45 minutes. As we were walking out, the hostess chased us down, and told us there were a ton of spots at the bar. She even cleared the way for us, and set up a nice little spot adjacent to the bar. Food was average-to-great. My favorite was the fish taco: the fish was tender and well battered, the coleslaw was crunchy and sweet, and the sauce underneath the fish was tart, smoky, and spicy. The taco was a little large, but that's ok. Also had the frijoles charros. It was ok--after the great fish taco, this was a little disappointing. Boyfriend liked the chorizo taco the best. The cocktails and beer lists both looked fantastic; extenuating circumstances made us skip drinks this time. We'll definitely be back for drinks and probably a taco or two.4 star service, 4 star food, 3.5 star atmosphere (kinda loud, but we were by the bar). Note: cash only.Must be 21 to even get in, but great atmosphere. I recommend the patio. The walking taco and fried tilapia is so good.If you love whicker park and hanging with a fun crowd head here!Great late night spot to eat tacos and drink especially for people who work late!Oh, cash only!3 HOURS!That is how long our "wait" was.  We were given a 90 minute wait time, and the text came THREE HOURS later.  What a joke.  With all the good restaurants in Chicago I will not be going here.  Just stop taking names.  Or tell people sure, but it will be THREE HOURS.  But they could care less.On arriving in Chicago, a friend told us that this was THE place to go near where we'd be staying, so we headed there as soon as we'd put our bags down. We were not disappointed! The tacos are excellent, and quite cheap, and the beer (and other drinks) are varied, tasty, and again reasonably priced. The chips and guacamole were the best we have had (who knew that something as boring as chips and guac could be "excellent"??). The tacos are relatively small, so two would probably be a good number to get if you are hungry. We liked the place so much we went back the next day!Worth the wait! Fish tacos go hard! Yummy. Really its worth all the hype and buzz. The potato tacos are very delicious as well.I'm a big fan of Big Star when the weather is warm and you can hang out on the patio.The tacos are fantastic, the margarita pitchers strong, and the guac is the best I've had in Chicago. I strongly recommend the Taco Al Pastor- pork shoulder and pineapple. I'm sold, but I love anything with pineapple.Don't forget to bring cash.They keep me coming back ;) between the margaritas and the tacos I'm hooked. The dishes are simple, but are complex in taste. My favorite drink is the twisted lizard, I love the jalapeño infused tequila and beer combination. They have found the loop hole of the old saying "beer before liquor never sicker...." Everything is fairly priced, the atmosphere Isn't for everyone, but I love that close encounter feeling, it's always a party.Disclaimer: I'm a Chicago native who was raised in Mexico and I know how to make good Mexican food.So, I was starving and, instead of driving all the way home, I decided to check out Big Star since I was in the area. Let me reiterate: I was so hungry and feeling dizzy, after a day of non-stop work, that I probably didn't have the sense to go to a better place. Anyway, I was appalled by the prices: $8 for guacamole. LOL. $4 for ONE taco. You can get better and less expensive food in Pilsen. The food wasn't bad.  I did enjoy my meal. But, I think the prices are unjustifiable. ATMOSPHERE AND SERVICE: Absolutely awful. And let's just say that the atmosphere is NOT diverse. The waitress walked by our table several times, without asking if we were ready to order. When I politely told the hostess that we had been waiting for a while to place our order, she looked at me with a look of disinterest. All in all, I don't think I'll be returning. The atmosphere was not conducive to a pleasant dining experience to warrant what we paid for our meal. There are SO MANY better Mexican restaurants in Chicago--hey, Adobo is way better, if you're too scared to go to the "ghetto"--with much better service and ambiance.Great location, right off blue line, reasonable prices, just really busy (sometimes long lines), and kinda noisy. The new addition will be nice when it goes in. Tacos are awesome, creative tastes and 3-4 bucks each.This might be the most hipster place I have ever been in. And it's cash only, so hit up an atm before you go to avoid paying the fees that you'll pay at a restaurant atm.Obviously, we started with chips and guac, because you can tell a lot about a place from their guac. The chips were fresh, crisp and salty; the guac tasted great most of the time--it wasn't very well blended, so we got some bites that didn't have all the flavors. Plenty of both for 4 people though, which is a feat in my book.Taco al Pastor: VERY tender pork, with a nice, sweet dressingTaco de Polo: VERY spicy, not sure I noticed the yogurt or queso frescoTaco dr Pescado: now, I like my fish tacos to be fried, but this was mostly batter, barely tasted the fish; the dressing was nice and light thoughFrijoles Charros: it would be nice if they mentioned you got 2 taco shells. Beans were soupy, kind of made a mess of thingsTostada de Hongos: VERY nice!! My friends had some other items, but I didn't try any of them--everything was finished though, so nothing could have been too bad.I was pretty happy with the beer menu: a good selection of craft bottles, although I might have expected a bigger selection of local from this kind of place. The tables aren't big enough for 4 and the music is super loud, but the staff was friendly, everything was clean and fresh.The food is delivered right after you order. You turn around and it's there.  The taco pastor was delicious as was the guacamole. The margaritas were strong and the record collection was eclectic and fun.Awesome spot. Went on Sunday for lunch and a drink - ended up grabbing a donut at Stan's just before so I had a limited appetite. My buddy requested a table for 3 out in the sun - we ended up getting a two-seated with an extra seat...in the shade. Had it not been for that little hiccup, I'd have given 4 stars. Anyway, started off with the Big Star Margarita - it was great and certainly refreshing. Then went on to the al pastor. These guys definitely got it right with the taco. Overall I was pleased with the food and drink and the atmosphere looked great - next time I'll be sure to catch some rays.The best fish taco in Chicago. However, I'm not a fan of the loud atmosphere, prices, or constant crowd. You can find better tacos at cheaper prices in the city - L'Patron in Logan Square, for example.My friend absolutely RAVED about this place as being The Place to Go in Wicker Park. We finally made plans to eat here at 9PM on a Saturday night and the wait was an hour and a half! It was so crowded that it was not even possible for me to squeeze past to use the bathroom during that insane wait time, so I had to run to another business to go. Awkward. Service was friendly, but not particularly attentive. My water glass was empty for half the meal without any notice from our server. He didn't fill it until we were done eating and had been sitting at the table chatting for a while. I found the atmosphere a bit loud and therefore difficult to converse. That being said, I really enjoyed sitting outside. The atmosphere was charming for late summer. The fish tacos were highly recommended to me, so I ordered those and they were indeed delicious, though a bit overpriced for a small amount. I was still a bit hungry after finishing the tacos which is not at all typic for me, which could give you an idea of the portion. I recommend the tacos but I also recommend ordering something else! Three of us shared the guacamole, which was so plentiful that we struggled to finish it. My first and so far only experience at Big Star didn't knock my socks off, but I enjoyed the food. I would certainly return here in the future though I will probably opt for a weeknight instead to avoid the big (hipster) crowds.Good food, a bit over priced for fancy tacos.Tips for surviving Big Star:1. Go have a drink across the street at Violet Hour2. Wait til midnight3. Get a taco de panza4. Bring cash, they're $3 a pop5. Get multiple tacos or regret it the rest of your life6. RepeatHidden gem! Love love this place. Great food inexpensive and just a good atmosphere. Will be back very soon big star !I saw this place in a Yahoo article as one of the top ten places for good tacos. We were visiting Chicago so we decided to come here on a thursday night for dinner and it was super packed, but there was only a 15 minute wait for 2 people so that was a good thing! I noticed after sitting down at our table is that this place is super loud and sitting so close to other tables to the point where I can join in on other peoples conversations and it wouldn't be a big deal doesn't make it any better. On to the food...I am Mexican and from So Cal so I'm pretty picky about my tacos, lol. I ended up ordering a taco de pescado(fish) and a taco de Panza(pork belly) with some chips and guac. The pork belly taco was good, but the fish taco was whatever. nothing to rave about. The batter on the fish taco was too heavy. fried fish tacos should have a light batter so you're not eating a bunch of grease and you should also be able to taste the fish, but it was a big piece of fish for a street taco so I'll give them that. The guacamole was good and pretty authentic...hey some people can screw up guacamole, but this place didn't! Service was good, but not sure if I would come back, but I am glad I gave it a try.Simply amazing. Hands down some of the best guac in the city. The taco pescado is so flavorful. And yes, the margaritas are toxic, but in the best way. Can't wait for the summer when the outdoor patio is open.The food is a 5. Maybe a 4.5 if you want to nitpick. I only have a few minor issues (after about 15 trips): One, it's always insanely loud inside. I don't expect to eat in silence - or anything close to it - but if I have to strain to hear the person sitting next to me, we've got problems. And two, what's with the ID nazis at the door? I once ordered at the take-out window and was asked to pick up my order inside. When I tried to go in, the door guy stopped me and asked to see my ID. I explained that I was simply going inside to pick up an order, and he said it didn't matter. He still needed to see my ID.Okay...Are you a bar, or are you a restaurant? I'm 28, so it didn't matter. It was just annoying. Kudos for curbing underage drinking, I guess, but I once saw the door guy card - and let in - someone who was under 21. And this was around 9 p.m. So if you're going to let underage people in, why are you carding? Or at least carding so stringently? Luckily, I rarely encounter either of these issues (the noise and the nazis) because I'm about a 10-minute walk from Big Star, so I almost always order to go. The food is insanely good, but the in-restaurant dining experience leaves a little to be desired. I repeat: The food is insanely good. Despite a few annoyances, this is easily one of my favorite places in the neighborhood. I will continue to go here at least once every few weeks.Good drinks.I hate that it's cash only.Seriously - what's the big deal? This place is NOT worth the THREE HOUR WAIT! We put our names down and went elsewhere for drinks as we really wanted to see what all the hype was about.Food/Drinks/Atmosphere:1) Another review said the guacamole was SO BIG that 3 people couldn't finish it! Maybe in Munchkin Village. In Chicago however, this was maybe enough for one of us.2) All tacos are served by default on a flour tortilla and are about the size of the average adult's palm.3) The beef tacos with pineapple were tasty with tender beef - but a bit bland.4) We all agreed that the chicken tacos were dry.5) The fish tacos are breaded and deep fried. Generally the flavor is good-very good but I would've hoped for something less calorie heavy/not fried so I could actually taste the fish.6) The tequila list is extensive and moderately priced.7) The outdoor atmosphere was crowded but pleasant. We never went inside - had no need.  The bouncer at the door questioned my 20 and 17 year old sons but okayed their entry as they were with their parents. He was nice about it.So on a scale of 1-5, they're a solid 2+.  If you're trolling for women - no.  Date night - yes. Trendy - I suppose.  Worth the wait - NO.  Our tab for five people with 1 shot of tequila and a decent amount of food - was $90 w/tip.My recommendation is to walk across the street to Stan's Donuts. No judgments/no pressure and you get to eat right away!Great music, great food and a great atmosphere. What more could you want?Went here on our taco crawl but since Big Star is a taco mecca, I knew we couldn't go wrong and as it turns out, was my favorite place of the day (out of 6).We sat inside as the weather was bit cool to be outside but I can see how in the spring and summer sitting on the patio, day drinking and putting away tacos like there's no tomorrow is not a bad way to spend an afternoon.We went there at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon and waited an hour for a table for 6 so if you're hungry, plan ahead and bring snacks as you may be waiting a while as I don't know if this place has a slow time of day.High energy place with great music and a lively crowd. Wide variety of people in there but definitely skewed towards the younger, hipster side. As you can see by my picture, I am not even close to fitting that description but had fun none the less.Food was great with interesting tacos of the day as well as killer guac. Interesting selection of draft beers (local and national) as well as Texas favorites like Sheiner. Excellent.And given how relatively inexpensive everything is, you can really have a good time for a good price. Pace your drinking and you'll be fine.Overall a can't miss kinda place so if you' rethinking of going and you get there and they tell you there's a wait, put your name on the list. it's worth it!I would give big star a 7 overall. Food was tasty, service was mediocre, ambiance was good for an overall 'good' experience. Definitely a spot to go if you are not in any type of time crunch. I didn't expect world class service, but we had to ask our server for everything- can we order drinks? Can we order food? Can we have another drink? Can we have our check? Can you redo our check because we were overcharged by $40 for things we didn't get? ..you see the pattern.Nice place to try, but can't say I'm a raving fan.Hipsta Please.  I am done with Big Star.  Tacos are good and reasonably priced.  Margaritas are decent.  The bartender (tall with blonde curly hair) gave us no attention at all until her hipster friends arrived and she wanted us to leave so they could sit in our seats.  Both of them were salivating to sit down so badly that when my friend got up to use the restroom, one of them actually tried to move her barstool and sit on it.  Annoyed eye roll when her other hipster friends received their guacamole right away and we (nicely) asked where ours was.  Not worth dodging shots of tequila passed over your head  when you can head down Milwaukee to Antique Taco.For a Midwestern city, Big Star's tacos are good. Probably even great. But when you've had incredible tacos on the West Coast for $1.75 a pop it's hard not to compare. For me, though, the biggest annoyance was how crowded this place gets; patrons at the bar literally spill over into the people seated at the table. I like people but not THAT much. Perhaps the location opens up a bit when the patio is open, but I found that my pork belly taco was not worth the long shoulder-to-shoulder wait.3 big stars for Big Star, but no more.Okay fine. I'm giving in. I've been here a few more times since my last review and I have to say.. I think I was previously giving in to what I'll call "over-hype backlash". It's a real thing, and I had succumbed to it. This place is constantly given 6-star social reviews, when in actuality, it's a solid 3.5-4 star place. Service seems to have gotten better, and at the end of the day, it's all about the tacos and margaritas, which are pretty great. Yes, this place is talked about way too much, but it's a good place to chill when you're in the area. 3.75 stars.It's 1:30am we walked a mile to get tacos and it says they're open until 2:00am. They won't even let us order tacos to go or let us in the door. We just got off work and we are stone cold sober. Eff this place.I was a little hesitant to come here because I knew it would be packed, but having lunch here on a sunny Sunday afternoon ended up being quite pleasant. Favorites at our table included the salad, guacamole and walking taco.Still can't put my finger on it but this place is so simple with an excellent vibe. Good is cheap & good. Margaritas strong & tasty. I think it's the patio or could it be the music? This is one of the greatest place for summer fun in the city!!Its this simple...Good eats, good drinks, good people! Many of nights I left with a full belly and a slight tilt in my walk from drinking! YASS!Oh it pains me to write this, because I LOVED, LOVED Big Star. I'd make special trips from Madison for some of that Panza and Pastor goodness... Alas, this last visit was so absolutely terrible, I'm not sure that I'll return.- 1.5 hour wait for table for two at 2:00pm on a Saturday?? Yikes. Zero room to wait or stand without being bumped into constantly by staff and other patrons.- DJ station took up a bunch of space in the bar; is that necessary? - No more Victoria beer? Boo. - Margaritas (from the tapper) are $8? Wow.- After being seated, our waitress took nearly 20 minutes to stop by; when she did, she said, "I'll be right back," and then checked on several other tables before coming to take our drink order (wouldn't take our food order until she finished getting our drinks). She seemed to not care that things were taking forever; never followed-up with us, and when I asked for the bill, she said, "Give me a minute, OK?!" Ugh. We spent nearly 4 hours at Big Star, most of it being ignored and annoyed. I've never not left a tip before - ever. Until this last visit. *sigh*I came here on a Sunday for some day drinking and food. Cocktails:Future Games-meh. Could've left it. It tasted like syrupy flat cola was used, but I know it wasn't. It just tasted like it. Old fashioned-solidBig Star Margarita-I'm more of a bourbon person, but I could've drank this all day. I liked it better than the classic margarita.Al Pastor-Great flavorSweet potato-not so much, but they seasoned it well. Thought it was a little too saltyPork Belly-DeliciousFish - Probably my favorite. It was a huge chunk of lightly battered and fried fish, fresh, and worked well with the slaw.Sonoran dog-This is no longer on their menu. It was ok, but I was incredibly full by this time and I think that had to do with not being able to enjoy it as much as I normally might. I'll try one in AZ.Al pastor. That's all i have to say about this place. It's the perfect combination of flavor. Mix that with a margarita and you're good to go. Thanks for an awesome experience guys.Vegetarians would NOT "go nuts" for this spot as there are only two options on the menu. That being said, the food is fresh and quality ingredients. There is nothing greasy on the menu. The Fundido cheese chorizo dish was the best. Definitely get that one. The tacos are well priced and the best you will ever taste. The chicken taco is very fresh with a tasty yogurt sauce, while the fish taco will prove tasty even if you don't like fish per say.  However, if you have never been here, I recommend you DO NOT GO HERE unless you are with someone who has been here before and understands how seating works. Most importantly, do not - whatever you do- attempt to enter the restaurant without being invited to do so. You must wait on the sidewalk outside until you are invited to go wait at the bar area. There will be a very scary bouncer to threaten you if you do not know what to do. If you are looking to fight someone, I would definitely recommend you wander around Big Star's sidewalk as you will be threatened by their hosting staff within minutes. He is rather unsightly with tattoos and is larger than your biggest friend. When you walk into the patio area to ask how seating works, he will simply clench his fist, cock his head, look you squarely in the eye and say, "BACK UP". By this point you will understand that your are not to enter the restaurant, but the inability for their staff to use their words to explain their needs will you leave you guessing as to what to do next... You will be left wandering around as to how to get a table at this delicious restaurant. It's a shame the staff are so violently threatening, as there is no need to be this way. I suspect the next time I go back this will not be an issue as I now understand how it works, and won't need any threatening gestures.No more sonora hot dogs right now.  Hope they bring it back for summer!If the wait wasn't so awfully painful, this place would be frequented by me much more often. However, I must say that when the stars align and we get easy seating.... it is such a treat! This last time we went, we had some great convo over shots of whiskey of the day and some Schlitz. I don't mind skipping the guac and going straight for the fundido when I"m feeling cheesy and ordering tacos 2 at a time to gauge my fullness and temper my whiskey intake.Bottom line: as everyone has already figured out, this place is great.... IF you can get seating. And if you're not planning on staying long and can stake out a barrel top table, you can eat standing up which isn't nearly as bad as it sounds when it's busy there because it's fun people watching.If you're going to Big Star, you pretty much have to know that you're going to be standing and waiting for a very long time. Once you acknowledge that, it's pretty great. The servers and bar tenders are friendly and attentive- they also let you take your time, which is appreciated at such a crowded place. The guacamole is amazing. I had their fish tacos which are pretty huge and very delicious. My friend ordered the mushroom and carrot tortas and said both were delicious and surprisingly flavorful. They also have a great beer selection, including $1 Rhinelanders, and lots of good cocktail options. Beware - cash only!Great bar, Pappys is  always available.   Atmosphere is loud and energetic. Tacos are a bomb!!!  This is the quintessential wicker park go to place!!!Great tacos, though a bit pricey at $3/per (they're small).    The fish and pastor tacos are unreal.   Really good.   The queso fundido is really good, and unique.   Spicier and smokier than the standard.   Big Star is also a hipster/yuppie local hangout, so expect lines at most times.   But, they have a solid selection of whiskeys and bourbons, with many tasty in house creations to tide you over with a healthy buzz until you're seated.   Really good atmosphere, cool patio.   Great summertime spot.   Highly recommended.The 2-hour wasn't worth it. The marinade of the tacos was too overwhelming that I couldn't taste the meat itself. Guacamole and horchata were alright. There are waaaay better places to get tacos AND CHEAPER here in Chicago. The only pro was that this place has a nice ambiance that other Mexican restaurants don't have.Dear Big Star,You piss me off. I'm not from Chicago, but as soon as I arrived, I hated you. We approach the hostess stand and you refuse to give me a wait time. But you say I can come back later and get an update. Why can't you let me know now?  But ok. You look so cool while you type my info in your iPad and dodge my questions. So we will wait in line to be allowed to find a space at the bar. The line isn't long. Luckily, there are free tables. But we will wait until the perfect one is available. The bouncer says we can come in and stand at the bar.  Hold on. I'll wait until the bouncer checks the IDs of the people who JUST SHOWED UP AT THE LINE, but it's cool. Bouncer looks like a hipster, go-with-the-flow kinda guy. So it's cool. Cash only inside?  Who does that in 2014? My food truck takes a credit card. I'm sure a place with a foundation can too. But cash only is so anti-establishment. Awesome. And your bartenders. Are they naturally angry?  Or have the annoyed customers just worn off on them?  Regardless, I like your standoffishness. It makes me want to order more things. There are so many rules for a place that give the vibe of a counter-culture establishment.  DON'T WALK HERE.  DON'T STAND HERE. NO ROOM AT THE INN.  BEHAVE.  So I really felt free to do whatever I wanted, within reason, of course. Sure, the margarita was ok. A bit on the acidic side. But the extra pretension and douchebaggery sweetened the deal. I also had a taco eventually. It had beef. And some pineapple. So it was alright, but the aftertaste was... bitter. The place was busy. Like I said, I'm from out of town, so maybe it's more the place to be seen and be miserable. But I hadn't drunk enough to be ok with the level of "I'm too hipster for my plaid shirt" this place offered... at a reasonable price. I never quite felt at home at your establishment. In facet, I felt like my mere presence annoyed you. So in that case, I shan't grace you with my presence again.Want to give this place a hundred stars. Omg every taco on the menu is perfecto. But if you only try one get the taco de panza. Everyone comes from all over the city so seating can be crazy. Lucky they have a take-out window and a park next store to enjoy the good eats!There are few places that I really dislike.  This is one of those places. "Hey, we're looking for a party of three."  "OK.  You're gonna have to stand over by those trash cans with your cigarette".  "Ok".  Thirty minutes later: "We've got your table.  Here are the menus."  The lady was pretty nice, I liked her.  "Oh, i guess the guacamole is on the house.  Didn't expect that."  That was alright, I guess, I'm glad we didn't pay for it because it was so salty that I couldn't eat it.   "Umm, can you point out the veggie stuff on the menu?"  Seriously, the menu is ridiculous to read.  Why oh why did I order "The Walking Taco"?!  I didn't know that it was just a damn frito pie served outta a chip bag.  Unfair.  The only thing I enjoyed was the Lonestar for $3.  Also, cash only?  What year is this?  The waitress thought we tipped her $18 on our $42 tab, so after she took our money she disappeared!  We had to go retrieve her from the bar.  Actually, I liked the fish tacos.  But congratulations, those aren't tough to make.Best food !!!Given that this is my neighborhood taqueria, we come here quite often. When the chef changed a little while back, most everything went downhill. We have been in about 15 times since then - what used to be an incredibly consistent and satisfying taco is now inconsistent at its best and flavorless/unseasoned at its worst.The fish taco had changed and now been re-instated to what it was originally (tilapia etc) but each time I've had it (every time we go) its been either incredibly off-putting and soapy tasting, fried too long prior and cold, served without the mayo, and totally inconsistent.The al pastor used to be my favorite taco in Chicago but lately has been either overly saucy/greasy, lacking in any pineapple whatsoever (used to have at least some, never none), or cold.The new vegetarian options are also inconsistent. The tostado do hongos was good on a recent trip, but the flautas de papas have almost no flavor. The filling was unseasoned and was boring after one bite, and the sauce (salsa borracha) was stone cold.The food used to take time to come out, which helped me believe it was actually being prepared and heated up properly for serving. Now, after we place our order, it seems the food is out one minute later. Maybe some people like this speed, but to me it seems like nothing is actually prepared fresh or to order and food is sitting around cold waiting to be served. I'd rather wait for hot and consistent food.We miss the old Big Star.This place is awesome.  The portions are huge.  The patio is amazing the drinks are strong.  The only reason why I subtracted one star is because it is always so busy.  We live in the burbs and have tried to get in three times and only have been able to get in one.  It is nice that they have the outdoor truck if you need something quickAn hour wait for not great tacos not worth it at all. This place is always packed I'm not sure why at all. I love mexican food and I tried each taco, most of them are lacking flavor, if you add salsa, sour cream and other toppings they might taste better. Wouldn't visit again unless I'm drunk after leaving violet hour. Staff was very nice tho, two stars for that.I've been to Big Star many times but my recent visit last weekend prompted me to finally write a review. Big Star is great- awesome tacos, really fresh gauc and tasty margaritas. It's a very popular place so it is to be expected that you'll have a long wait. We usually come when we don't mind waiting at the bar with a couple pitchers of margaritas. Last weekend, however, Big Star really showed that they aren't falling into the trap of becoming pretentious with their popularity. We waited 2 hours for a table and when we finally got one, were seated next to the door and were very cold. We asked the hostess to be seated somewhere warmer, and without missing a beat they took us to a big booth in the back of the restaurant, as far away from the door as possible. She thanked us for waiting and sent our new server over to us right away. Accommodations such as that are much appreciated at busy restaurants. Don't miss out on Big Star, especially now that it is getting warmer in Chicago... they have a very lively and fun outdoor patio!This review is FOOD ONLY, as I did carry-out.Okay taco lovers: I am your brethren.  I lived in the wonderful Mexican state of Puebla for a spell, and fell in love with the capital of Mexican cuisine.  Al pastor, arrachera, mole, pipian - you name it, I was all about it.My favorite all time taco style is al pastor - but since i've been back in the states I have found nothing close to the grandeur of spit-roasted, marinated pork shaved onto small, handmade corn tortillas, and topped with chopped pineapple, cilantro, & onions. All of this leadup is so you will appreciate my following words:THIS IS THE BEST AL PASTOR I HAVE HAD OUTSIDE OF PUEBLA, MX.  BY FAR.Go there, dine, carry out, whatever - just get the tacos al pastor and (hopefully) you will agree.This place is a Wicker Park staple, usually packed but great atmosphere and lots of patio seating. Hostesses are kind of aloof and distracted which seemed to make the wait even longer, but the tequila made that better :-)Loud.Expensive.Hipsters.Pork tacos are amazing.I am sorry but this place is not all that its cracked up to be. It is not worth the 5 hour wait!!! The best taco was the one with the pineapple. The drinks are like any other spot. In a good area, and would be a to go too if there wasn't a wait EVERYDAY EVERY HOUR for just "good/okay" food.Impressive bourbon selection.Why did I feel like I was deep in Southern Tennessee when I saw the extensive list of the brown stuff? All around a good time albeit a bit crowded but isn't that part of the debauchery and mischief? We were lucky enough to scout out a few seats at the bar as some buzzed patron were leaving and didn't move from that position for quite some time. The large bar centered in the middle of the room is perfect for people watching too.I have to admit that it leads up the pack as one of my favorite day drinking experiences in  quite some time. Added bonus, some snockered patron purchased whiskey shots for the entire bar!I'd like to come back and try some food and/or the patio the next time I'm in Chicago but my first visit could be the start of a beautiful friendship.Yo. This place is CASH ONLY, so go get some paper dollars before you come here.  Everything I have had has been standard fresh taco fare.  The thing is that this place is almost always packed because people crave standard fresh taco fare as if it is going out of style.  I don't mind coming here but I almost never suggest it.My first time going was last weekend and it was AMAZING! I fell in love with the place and the food. The tacos are AMAZING! Love the staff, music and the atmosphere. Order 2 large pitchers of margaritas and was AMAZING!!!! I was pleased with everything, definitely be back again!!I visit des locale many times earlier but ever since I lose my hand in Iran, I think der waiters are ashamet uf looking to me.  Gut fish tarcos dough.Service was very poor. Food was expensive. Best Queso Fundido I've ever had!! Food was very good! Drinks were delicious!!I just wanted to finally amend my initial review. They have brought back the original fish taco, the one that first made me fall in love with Big Star!  Could not be happier! Can not wait to spend many afternoons on the patio!Got a booth on a thursday night. Crazier things haven't happened.Luckily we did since we ended up being a party of seven.We got a ton of different tacos and a queso fundito, a torta, and some guacamole for the table.All the tacos I tried were great. The al pastor, the crispy pork, and the potato taco.The torta was also great and is gigantic and smothered in a delicious spicy mole sauce.The queso fundito was incredibly cheesy and not made for people who are lactose intolerant. It was meaty and cheesy goodness and you threw it on a warm tortilla and it was all you needed.They also have $3 shots of good whiskey every day and dollar beers (7 oz, but buy two and you get 2 extra ounces more than their $2 beer).Made for a great dining experience. With shared appetizer, food, and drinks we paid $20 a person with tax and tip.GREAT tacos. I got the al pastor, de panza, and pescado tacos. $3 each, each very delicious and unique. I wasnt full, but satisified. Definitely recommend and will go backMediocre food, overpriced, super hip and trendy, cash only, staff was nice, but there was a piece of wood in my food.I've been to Big Star countless times--which is not to say that the number of times is uncountable: I've just never bothered to keep count.  For the structure and formulation of this review, I will estimate that there have been at least thirty occasions over the course of Big Star's operation: sometimes for a swift duck, sometimes for an extended session; sometimes just for drinks, sometimes for a quick gorge, sometimes for a lengthy splurge; sometimes by day, sometimes by night; sometimes at a packed Friday-night peak, sometimes on a frigid, snow-burdened late Tuesday afternoon; mostly at the bar, sometimes on the patio, rarely in a booth, and often milling about a bit before my group scoops some seats.All of this is simply (a) to express that this review is the product of a very longitudinal experience with Big Star and (b) to illustrate a point about this bar, specifically, and maybe also something generally about reviews.After the first ten or so times (over the first year-and-a-half post-opening), I would have begrudgingly awarded Big Star three stars, and in my heart would have felt something between two and three more appropriate.  But I kept going--because I had friends who really loved the place, and because there *were* a few things I thought Big Star did exceptionally well (namely the de pescado and de panza tacos).And I kept going.  Over the course of another ten or so visits (maybe roughly the next year-and-a-half of operation), I began to regard Big Star--subtly and through a gnawing process of growing appreciation--as a solidly four-star establishment.  The margaritas--especially the Big Star Margarita, with its dose of mezcal--began to settle into a delicious, damn-dependable drink; the weekly carousel of three-dollar whiskey shots seemed to harmonize with my needs on any given night; the draught selection became much more well-curated, variable, and locally-sourced; I developed a keen taste for micheladas; they continued to refine and innovate their cocktail and food offerings.Now--a bit over four years into their operation--I consider Big Star indispensable.  It's place I actively crave at arbitrary moments, or after long spells of not patronizing, or when I'm drinking tequila at a less-satisfying bar in another city.  And in these instances, I covet not just what it purveys, but what it is; I don't just want to eat that great beet tostada from the autumn menu, or try that Quarter Mile Manhattan I haven't got around to sampling yet: more nebulously, I just want to haunt one of its counters or corners for an hour or three.But you *must* know when to go, and what to expect--and what you can tolerate--given the time you're choosing to go: a chilly Tuesday afternoon in late November is a great time to grab an immediate stool, while a Friday night at 8:00 is a great time to ensure you'll wait in cramped (but hopefully liquored) discomfort; and if it's the first warm, sunny, patio-perfect day of the year ... well you're probably better off waiting for another weekend, because everyone else has that same idea, too.Personally, a sleepy mid-December Sunday evening, snow landing lush on the large windows, twinkling strings of light glazing the wood and white paint with a limpid-crystal warmth, a shot of Overholt in one mitt and a pint of Gumball Head in the other, a couple tacos down the hatch and a couple more en route ... let's just say sometimes it takes a spell to develop things, be they restaurants, reviews, or one's personal little reveries and idylls.Short review:  Big Star is AWESOME.That sums it up, but if you want to know more details, you can keep reading.I've been coming here for years and it is always a great experience.  I've had many of my friends compare Big Star to bars that you'd find in Texas.  I've never been to Texas, so I will take their word for it.It's best to go in the summer because they have that great patio.  They have a lot of great cocktails, and I like to try something different every time I go.  The cocktails are more on the dry side, something I strongly prefer over very sweet drinks.  They have a really good variety of bourbons and tequilas.Order up some guac and a variety of tacos, and you are set for the night.  You order "by the taco", so you'll only get one of something unless you specify for more, but no worries.  They stuff the tortillas so that they are overflowing with deliciousness, and definitely worth the price. Possibly the best fish tacos I have ever had! They often do special prix-fixe dinners with other restaurants in the area (like Revolution Brewing).  I recommend checking out their website so that you can take part in one of those.My only issue with Big Star is that they don't have other Big Stars in the city that I can also frequent.If you haven't been to Big Star, you haven't fully lived.Love this place, especially in the summer. Cheap (yet delicious) tacos, great margaritas, and a huge patio.The fish tacos were delicious, and my friends were so excited they had walking tacos (served straight out of the Fritos bag, as they should be).Also, our server, Meredith, was THE BEST. She was so sweet and absolutely made our night.Well worth the wait. The beer battered tilapia tacos are the best fish tacos I have ever had. Delicious fresh made guacamole!  Too hungry to wait? The convient walk up window will put one of their delicious tacos in your hands in a matter of minutes. The fish tacos stay crispy even when you order then to go!  Great margaritas and good beer selection as well.  I really like this place and always have a good time there, but need to share these two things to management 1. guests always have the right of way, especially when walking in the door.  2. Are the bartenders supposed to be unhappy? If you could atleast acknowledge my friend standing by the bar raising their hand when u walk by, that would be swell. Other than that, very hip crowd and delicious food, loved that Johnny Cash's Folsom Prison Blues was playing when we first got there.Looking forward to trying their milkshake and may asked for them to spike it for me ;)Lives up to the hype so I won't repeat what everyone else had already said. Just wish it weren't so crowded so I could go more! Very potent margaritas! Yes, cash only.I went to Big Star a few years ago for a drink but I've been dying to go back for dinner and I finally made it this past Thursday. I met two friends there and we hung out at the bar while we waited for our table. I went to order margaritas and the bartender really impressed me by recommending we order a pitcher instead of individual drinks because it was a better deal, you have to appreciate that kind of service! The margaritas were freaking delicious and definitely some of the best I've had in the city. They're just the right amount of sour and VERY strong. Watch out for those bad boys because you may be feeling it the next morning if you drink too many of them. When we finally got seated at our table we ordered the chips and guacamole as well as the queso fundido. All of it was delicious and I could not get enough of the queso. I also really enjoyed the salsa they had on the table.For our meal we were all pretty stuffed from the appetizers so we all tried a taco for our main course. I had the pescado and it was so good! I've had fish tacos at a ton of different places but this was definitely one of the best and was much heartier than other fish tacos I've had. A friend asked me if Big Star was worth the long wait for a table and I have to say I think it is. Just be ready to commit a few hours to your visit there if you decide to try it out.I freaking love this place.  The beer (Tecate is my preference) selection is great and the overall vibe is tons of fun.  There is a reason this place is always packed, that's because the atmosphere is great and nothing goes better with awesome beers and drink specials than fantastic tacos. The tacos and the food overall has been top quality and the waiters are always part of the experience as they have always been upbeat, helpful and offer great service.Highly recommend for regulars or new-comers in the Chicago area.  And when the sun is out, fogettabout it, Big Star turns into a combination of all things great about eating and drinking with friends.The tacos taste really good, especially the fish tacos.  Wish the tacos could be a little bigger but they're still good. Chips and guac  aren't bad. Remember that it's cash only.With so many reviews on this place, I'm sure whatever I have to say will make little difference. But I'll go ahead anyway.If you're looking for a place with no wait, avoid Big Star at all costs. But if you're willing to wait a while for great food, it's worth it. We went on the Wednesday after Christmas, so it was a little crowded, but the wait was only about a half hour and we were able to grab drinks while we waited.Being a vegetarian, it can sometimes be tough finding a place to eat that leaves me satisfied rather than still hungry. With the options at this place, I was not disappointed. I had the potato tacos and chips and guac and it was more than enough.Service wasn't fantastic, but I wrote it off as maybe just a bad night?Overall a pretty solid place. The food was delicious, the drinks were reasonably priced, and for all the complaints I heard about wait times here, I was expecting a lot worse. I'm definitely looking forward to trying Big Star again.Best tacos for the price in the city. This place is big and fun and has quality foods.I have never been able to get a table here, and base on other reviews, I will never be able to. I did get to the bar and enjoyed some of the house margaritas, they were go, but a little bit pricey. The bartender, also, ignored us because she was under the impression that we weren't going to tip (we believe). We did tip her after we finished, but were dismayed we couldn't order more drinks because after we paid for the first round, we had to track her down to giver her the tip because she never came back.After some margs, though, it's hard to wait for the table we put our names in for--so we naturally just head over to the taco window instead because the tacos are out of this world and all we would have ordered anyway. I love the al pastor and the fish options are also very good.Even though we've never been able to get a table inside and sometimes have to sit and eat our tacos staring longingly across the street, the food is BOMB and there are so many people in and around the restaurant that you always feel like part of the party. I'll go back all the time for summertime fun.We were visiting Chicago for the weekend and decided to meet some old friends for lunch at Big Star.  I've tried to visit Big Star before but it has been incredibly crowded that we decided to go elsewhere.  As we were driving up I was excited to see that half of the patio was empty.  When we arrived we asked to sit on the patio because it was a nice day.  They seated us in the shade right behind their door that was propped open.  It was chilly in the shade, and being from Wisconsin, we were so excited to be able to sit on a patio in the sun so we moved 3 feet to a table in the sun.  Immediately we were scolded and were told that we could not sit at that table because they were "not seating that side of the patio yet".  We told the door man that it was cold in the shade and we had wanted to sit in the sun.  His response was that we could wait for a table on the other side of the patio.  Mind you, the patio is literally just a big square with a small aisle down the middle. Also, there WAS a table of 2 already sitting on the other side of the patio that they were apparently not seating yet.  2 minutes later a few tables walked in and they sat them on the other side of the patio.  I then asked the door man if we could move over to the other side of the patio now that they were apparently seating that side, and he told me that I had to go ask the hostess.  So I walked inside and asked the hostess if we could sit on the other side of the patio and she told me that she would have to ask?! Then, she told me to go sit down and that she would find me.  Thankfully one of the tables on our full side of the patio in the sun opened up and the hostess asked us if we could sit at that table because moving us to the other side of the patio was unacceptable?!  I thought it may have had something to do with the servers, but the servers were working both sides of the patio. I have worked in the service industry for years, and normally I wouldn't write reviews when I haven't had great service because I understand that shit happens.  However, I felt like I had to review this because it wasn't something that was a product of someone being slammed, it was just straight rudeness about not wanting to sit at a table on the patio where we were freezing.  If ANY of my tables asked to sit elsewhere, I would immediately say "No Problem!" even if it was going to be a small issue.  If we were not waiting for some friends to join us, I would have picked up my stuff and taken my business elsewhere.  Not only that, the food wasn't even that great! I've had much better tacos. I can tell you that I will not be visiting Big Star again.been wanting to try this place out for a really long time.. finally got a chance to with a few friends.. ordered the :taco al pastor - it was good i think the pinapple really compliment the pork.. favorite taco ive tried out of the 4 tacos taco de panza - it was ok.. i thought it was a bit on the dry side and that killed it for me..taco de pescado - it was pretty good but i have had better before.. however the fish tasted pretty freshtaco de chorizo verde - didnt like this one.. tasted weird to me.. doesnt taste anything like chorizo...queso fundido - cheese cheese cheese! who doesnt like cheese! haha this was pretty goodSonoran dog - it was unique for sure.. dont know if i like it or not.. its kind of too much all going at once for me lolI live in the WP and go here often.  I was highly disappointed by a recent visit due to a bitch faced bartender.  We ALL know that it gets packed in there, especially when the porch/deck/patio area is closed during the cold.  However this past Friday night, everyone was feeling froggy due the spring FINALLY coming so shit was bumping at an all time high velocity.My pal and I managed to karate chop our way to 2 prime real estate seats at the bar.  [Enters bitch face bartendress] Well, she never actually entered the scene because after 5 college tries to get her attention, she snared her attention in the direction to the other unknown victims of her unwarranted wrath.  After about 15-ish minutes of trying to show her we were on the cusp of dying of thirst, she finally took our order.  Not only were her nostrils flaring the entire time, but she failed to even make eye contact once.She aggressively made the drinks looking everywhere but our direct and then asked if we wanted to start a tab.  I asked to have my drinks on a separate tab and she insisted that she can't split a check... Say WHAT?! I've never encountered this there before... Is there new management?  Has the name of the drinking game changed?Feeling bewildered and bamboozled, I then asked to just one off my drink and pay for it then.  With attitude, she took my cash and I still tipped her $3. As I sipped the highly anticipated and painstaking drink, it was much to my chagrin that the results of my strained efforts in procuring a satisfying Big Star Margarita were left by the way side because the only thing she could mix properly were my feelings about  this place.... my neighborhood place.  The drink was less than stellar, and after that, I was gone like the wind.  Too bad, because I was planning on getting a little shit faced there after a hellish week, but no.... bitch faced bartendress got in the way of it. Shame on you.If I were in charge of Big Star's promotional attempts, its slogan would most definitely be "I'm the biggest star that you've seen thus far." I'm not, but like Rick Ross, Big Star is the boss when it comes to whiskey, tacos, and a day in the life of a good time.First: three dollar whiskey shots err' day. Second: a regular and very extensive bourbon list. Third: whiskey-based cocktails!Oh yeah, and since tacos are involved, there's some tequila and beer stuffs too.And the food! Tacos at midnight? YES PLEASE. Eat some al pastor. Promote synergy. Meet a giant fish taco. Like a boss! (And yes on more hot sauce.)Best bar in Chicago? I don't know. Probably.Seriously over-rated, not to mention over priced.  The hype is definitely the location as a "place to be seen" - but other than that, not one of the 6 tacos we tried tasted good.  I won't go into details since these two sentences pretty much sum it up.Staff was nice though, so they get a star for that.We all know this place, it's awesome but be prepared to put in your name and head somewhere else.  Seems like they've also fixed up the truck as of late.Overrated. Way overrated. If you go, just get a taco in the take out line. Or better yet get a cheaper better taco somewhere else. We were told it would be an hour wait. After 2 hours, we asked about our table and they said it would be another hour. After 4 and a half hours we went to the bar and got overpriced margaritas. After 5 hours still no table. The whole time we waited we watched people sit at tables, not eating or drinking. Just sitting. We also saw people get up and switch tables after sitting for a few hour. Don't waste your time. Ever.I would give this place 4-5 stars for the food, however, the host/bouncer makes that difficult to do.  First, let it be said that I really like their tacos.  I find that their fish and pastor tacos are one of my favorites.  They are full of flavor and a good size taco for the price albeit it is certainly a little on the higher side.  I would eat these tacos on a weekly basis if it wasn't so crowded.  I expect that I might try the place for lunch to see if it is a different vibe.  I understand hot spots in Chicago require a wait and can demand that there are no reservations.  I get that and can wait patiently at the bar (although it can still take forever to get a drink).  They have a fantastic selection and my husband loves that they have some special whiskey too.  That said, I really dislike places that do not seat in order and it seems that Big Star gives preferential seating.  The bouncer/host at the door is just rude and not friendly.  Even though the wait staff have been friendly and knowledgeable, it is hard to get past first impressions at the door.Here for a girl's weekend, we met locals on Friday night who made some edits to our restaurant list but assured us that Big Star was a must! We were told to be ready to wait about an hour for a seat which were definitely fine with - anything to put good tacos in our bellies!!!We got there around 10pm, and there was a line up outside the door. The line up, monitored intensely by the bouncer(?) was to wait to speak to the hostess - a little odd, right? There was a poor girl whose friends were inside and had a seat for her and they wouldn't even allow her to go speak to the hostess about getting in. Finally  they let her through to the hostess who then told her she couldn't sit there because there was no seat, but there was. It was quite off-putting. Eventually her friends got the waiter to come and get her. This was probably the worst part of the experience, it gets better from here.We got in and put our name down for 2, then went to the bar for some margaritas...when I say some I mean 1 pitcher - and then another from our new friends at the bar (I think you can see where this is going...) It is quite crowded and difficult to stand, luckily we were short and could cozy up to the wall and keep out of the way.About an hour later we got our table. Our waiter came right away and was ready to take our order, a few questions later I decided on:Poso Rolo: Super spicy and delicious.Taco de Panza: Crispy pork bellyMargaritas: be very careful with these, they are dangerous!One more thing: everyone we met at the bar seemed to be headed to Double Door (yelp.ca/biz/double-door-…) after... we didn't make it as those margaritas sent us right back to our hotel after!Phoning it in for vegetarian food. It was an hour and a half wait (when they promised 45 minutes....), then all of the vegetarian tacos were just......off. They tasted lousy and I ate just a few bites before giving up. Come for the margaritas....then leave.I've been here many times and I love their palomas, fish tacos, and queso fundido.  The tortillas are fresh and homemade and service is friendly and prompt.  You might have to wait awhile to get seated and the outdoor patio feels like LA - lots of scenesters with terrible style.  Don't let that distract you from the good food and drinks.So I just moved here from Miami. If you've ever visited my hometown, you will know what aholes people can be. They're rude, swanky lifestyle is a must, and if you don't look a certain way you are definitely not getting into the hottest club on South Beach. Well, I didn't know a RESTAURANT could be so discriminatory like the South Beach nightclubs until this past Saturday night. Let me give you the low down:My friends have been raving about this place the whole month I've lived here. I was dying to try their tacos! We had gone out to a few bars in the area and decided to give it a shot as a "food coma after party." Fast forward to us being in the restaurant. It was packed. We put our name on the "list." The male hostess, which now I am convinced was pretending to be a bouncer at a hot nightclub, did not keep a list per say. He just said, "how many are you?" We responded, "three." He said it'd be a few minutes. We thought, "no big deal. We'll wait." Well, tick tock tick tock TICK TOCK. Approximately half an hour later, if not more, there were about 5-6 empty tables. Since then, I had already personally went up to the male hostess and asked him what the deal was. Why was it taking so long? He kept telling me we had to wait and that was that. So here's when his true colors came out. Full disclaimer: I consider myself a pretty good looking girl, I'm not conceited or anything, but if you see pics, you know I am not at all ugly. I was dressed in jeans, a long sleeve blouse, and since it was cold, I kept my coat on during the long wait. Well, here comes a group of half naked girls walking in as if they own the joint. They open the door, say hi to the "hostess", and get a table immediately. WOW! Are you kidding me, guy? I was in awe. We tried to sit at one of the other empty tables (one of the ones the promiscuous girls did not snatch from us) and were told that was not allowed. So I personally went up to the male hostess once again and asked him his name. Let me just tell you: he thought about his name for a solid 10 seconds so I'm assuming it wasn't his real name and he didn't give a rats butt if he threw a coworker under the bus. The name I was given was Peter. Was it Peter? I don't know. But I will give you a full description of the discriminatory male hostess so that people who walk in and see this guy, can immediately avoid the place like the plague if he is there. Or so that MANAGEMENT (the people who should be reading these reviews and should want to make these awful situations better) will do something regarding this insanity. He was a tall, black guy, not super dark skin, but a lighter black complexion. He did have an oddly shaped head (sorry to say) and was bald. Please, for the love of God, Big Star. Do something about his discriminatory actions. Sorry I wasn't dressed to his expectations. Maybe if I was, we would've gotten a table, I would've fallen in love with your tacos, you would've had a new, devoted customer, and my friends would've continued dining at your establishment. Unfortunately, this was the WORST experience I've had at a restaurant, EVER; even in Miami.If it's possible to give -100 stars I would. After waiting 30 min for a table tonight, it's apparent that Big Star only prefers to offer seating to scantily clad/half-naked women. We went here with a group of girls/guys tonight hoping to spend a significant amount of $ of beverages and tacos and to show my newly-moved-to-Chicago friend an awesome spot but only to be treated like second class citizens from a bald, rude doorman named Peter. We were initially told that there was no seating/waiting list at this time, so we figured we'd have to be responsible for seating ourselves. After waiting the 30 min I previously mentioned, I approached a busboy and asked if I could take the table he was cleaning, or any of the other empty tables right by it. He pointed at 'Peter' who then began repeatedly yelling at the top of his lungs at my husband to 'wait a damn a minute.' I couldn't take any more disrespect after seeing random girls given tables that arrived after us so I just walked out.Never in all my years of being loyal to an establishment have I been treated to extremely poorly. My husband and friend who are also elite on yelp also plan on sharing their experience on every social media platform we can to let others know how poorly you will be treated at Big Star unless you are half-naked and wearing skin-tight clothing in late November. It's sad to end my love with Big Star, as I've previously given them 5-stars, but like any relationship where you're treated like crap, you have to have more self-respect for yourself. 0/5 stars. 1 because yelp forced me to.Go here often and today (Wednesday night) is the fastest, best service I've received. Faster than Jimmy Johns ;)Nandini was bartending and recommend the Big Star margarita that has mezcal mixed in. Great recommendation! The kitchen brought out our food soooo quickly too. Great night!I committed a major faux pas when I was in Chicago.  I never eat at the same place twice...there is too much food to be had when in town.  But that rule had exception when it came to this place.  In fact, I ended up eating here two days in a row.  The first was to grab a quick snack, the second time because my original lunch destination was a no-go.  I have to admit, I'm not regretting my faux pas at all.  Despite being an "authentic" taco fan, I really loved the tacos here despite the trendy and hipster factor.  Especially the fish taco....I think it was the slaw.  So good.  The al pastor got the thumbs up from my husband.  I skipped the alcohol but I really liked the horchata.  Service was pretty decent as well, no whiff of shitty service here.  Overall, a pretty good spot to hit up once (or twice) when in the area.Food good... Service awful. Snobby, hipster waiters. Fish tacos were amazing though, so I may go back!Service is excellent and the tacos are pretty good. Best for the atmosphere not a gourmet experience. Huge whiskey collection.Love this spot during the warm months in Chicago.Two words: potato. tacos!ZOHHMAHGAWD!There are few things better in life than shoving these spicy potato tacos in my mug. Drizzled with that green sauce that must be the nectar of the Gods! Love the spicy potatoes with the onion, cilantro and spicy powdered goodness on top!It hits the spot. What else can I say! It's the go-to spot for killer tacos in Chicago!Tacos- $3-$4, pretty good when you are hungry and tipsy. I loved it. Guac- $8 pretty expensive, huge chunks of avocados in there we have to break it down ourselves.The waitresses were alright. Not as nice as I thought they would be. But again the place was very busy so I can understand it was very stressful for them. I would come back if I'm in the area and if I were craving tacos again.I personally did not like this place, the food was awful. It's overpriced for pretty bad tacos. Obviously not authentic Mexican cuisine! The staff was very sweet  and it's in a great area. Sadly we left hungry and we will not return. The Taco Joint in LP is still my favorite urban taqueria!I'm always looking for new taco places, and came across Big Star while walking around the area. I go to Wicker Park for the Wormhole and Reckless Records and didn't even know that there was a taco spot around. I went there with my friend last Summer and found seating right away since the patio was open. I ordered the taco al pastor and the taco de pescado. Very good tacos. I likes the taco al pastor more though. I also ordered the dulce de leche milkshake and it was amazing. I took one star off for the cash only policy. I plan to go to Big Star again soon.I'm a lot more critical of this place than most. The tacos are, don't get me wrong, good--I recommend the tacos al pastor--but it's definitely overrated. the line is always enormously long and you have very little to show for the hour wait--tiny tacos with middling flavor. you can get something comparable and better throughout the city. If you have any respect for Horchata don't touch theirs. quintessential white people taco hypeIF you can get a seat, it's a great place to get apps and a drink on a nice day!  I don't love the tacos here - I think they are only ok - but I do love the walking taco.  It's a taco in a frito bag basically.  Fritos, beans, meat, cheese...really good.  I also love their Old Fashioned.  I wouldn't wait over an hour to sit here - just order from the side window and take your food to go.  Be careful with the Chiles Torreados - they are spicy hot!!342/365I had a good friend take me here while I was visiting Chicago and the only thing I can say about this place is WOW!!! I figured it was going to be good because I hadn't had any bad food while I was there but I was beyond impressed. Yes the tacos are small but are cheap enough to get a lot of them. I had at least five different ones and was very close to getting more if we hadn't had plans that day.I must say the outdoor atmosphere is amazing and the Bourbon selection well i'm surprised I left without trying everything. If you're in Chicago then i'm telling you this place is well worth the stop. I tell my friends i'm coming back to hang and see them but i'm really coming back to go here as much as possible.4 stars for great drunk food. Might rate this lower when I'm not drunk though, but as far as drunk food goes, how often can you get food of this quality after the bars?If you are looking for convenience or a short wait, look elsewhere. If you are a hipster, you are in heaven. This small bar with a large outdoor seating area (which wasn't available on my rainstorm drench evening) is quintessentially cool - crowded, CASH only, and weird beers (6 ounces, really?). After several beers, our table finally became available... and it only took 1 hour and 45 minutes. Yet, after all of that waiting, the food was only so so. The tacos had flavor but definitely feel short of Tex-Mex I had growing up in the Lone Star state. Probably the highlight was the guacamole which did taste quite good - not too much cilantro or spice, just right!So moral of the story is to go for a drink...after visiting an ATM of course!"I can't believe I had never been here before"So yes... it is crowded.. and yes it is cash only.. and yes it can take you a while to get a drink or place your order, but once those things come together, this place is awesome. This is definitely the place where patience is a virtue.I thought the drinks were tasty and the variety of tacos was really good too. I had the fish tacos, the veggie tacos, and the chicken tacos.. all pretty tasty and the side salsas are good too.The place is high-energy and inviting with the huge outdoor sitting area and open air/bright light bar area. I would totally go back!This place is so packed during the summer season and I finally decided to make the trip here after the cold seemed to begin deterring hour+ long waits. My girlfriend and I came at around 1 and it was packed with many of the waiting patrons sitting at the bar. Sadly we were told by the hostess that our wait would be an hour hah but since we were already inside we decided to wait it out. The interior is pretty cozy with a lot of steel/wood elements. The booths are in the back where the bar is and they looked like a much better seating option that being crammed in the front in uncomfortable looking chairs. However I was just with my girlfriend so we had no place asking for a booth.We got seated and and we tried one of each taco and started with the queso fundido which was piping hot small cheese dip delivered with tortillas. It was steamy and delicious but I felt it lacked either a uniqueness in flavor or a lack in portion size for its value.We tried the al pastor, fish, and pork belly tacos and I was super satisfied with al pastor. The addition of pineapple is pretty genius and the whole dish was packed with sweet and savory flavors. The Fish taco was good and the pork belly taco excellent.Note: With the glass exterior, the sun can shine pretty brightly into the restaurant, and it happened to right on our table. My girlfriend and I had to play musical chairs until finally she decided to throw her sunglasses on and bear the sun on the brunt of her face. I chalk it up to bad luck.The biggest hipster meeting place in Chicago. Overpriced and overhyped tacos are served here. In my opiniong, Taco Bell is better.Outdoor seating is filled with hipsters and their toy dogs running and barking everywhere. The entire wait staff makes me wonder when the last time they took a shower. No one could pay me enough money to come to this place again.The only thing this place is good for is if you want to hear and chime in on overally liberal ridiculous conversations being made by a bunch of little hipster kids who want to sound intelligent. Yes, I will say this again...the Tacos are horrible. Not worth the price.We went on a friday night..it was packed!! We waited about 45min for our table..which was fine, gave us time to mingle and have some drinks. Cash only place, but it was worth the wait for our table..the tacos were amazing, reasonably priced. I would go again..maybe not on such a busy night though.Signed up tor a yelp account just to complain about my horrible experience.  As a server, I am extremely lenient and patient when dining out or just having a few drinks.  My girlfriend and I waited forty five minutes for a table... no problem what better place to wait then at the bar... not at this place.  Service was terrible, I never had so much trouble ordering a beer.  Then I finally got a table.   Waitress walked past us about five times completely ignoring us.  At  this point my beer had been empty for a while,  and I wasnt going to give the bartender one more tip dollar she didnt deserve,  so I waited.  Finally we were acknowledged (not even welcomed or greeted) our beer and taco order was taken and more waiting began.  Long story short... Twenty minutes later the server comes to our table and says "what did your order,  I have to go check on it".  Ten minutes later I received my beer!I never had such bad service.   Both bartender and server were rude and not friendly.   They had no sense of urgency,  and made us feel like we were burdens not customers. Sad because this place has potential. My tacos were great, beer was awesome (as always), but employees are a bunch of meatballs!During the Christmas season, we celebrate the journey of three wise men following the great Star of Bethlehem.  Likewise, my friend Matt and I went adventuring last Monday to Wicker Park in search of the Star of Chicago: Big Star.I had been to Big Star once before in the summertime when the patio wasn't filled with frostbite and Christmas trees for sale.  The lights strung around the restaurant now brought a holiday cheer.  This was Matt's first visit and I knew he wouldn't be disappointed.  We were there in celebration, to ward away the traditional case of Monday blues.My first visit, I split the chips & guac appetizer with a friend.  The avocado was fresh and there was the perfect amount of Serrano pepper included to make it zesty and flavorful.  The grilled pineapple in the taco al pastor was delicious.  Even the thought of combining pork, pineapple and onions in a single taco still makes my mouth water.  I concluded my meal with the walking taco, an item that I was a little unsure about at first.  Walking tacos reminded me of high school basketball games, mystery meat thrown in a bag of Fritos with unusually bright yellow cheese sauce.  The walking taco, however, was in a whole different league than any of the walking tacos I had ever had before.  Big Star's walking taco is the Lebron James of walking tacos.  The toppings were flavorful and fresh, the chili sauce with the perfect amount of spice and kick. This time, Matt and I sat at the bar and evaluated their famous margaritas. I opted for the Big Star margarita while he tried the classic version. Both were very strong but delightfully combined the lunazul blanco with natural citrus flavors. All in all, the margaritas were a delectable and refreshing way to conclude Moday. They definitely took a bite out of the cold on the journey back to Hyde Park!Looking forward to going again and sharing the joy of Big Star with all my friends and family.The last 24 hours: Big Star tacos, Big Star whiskey, Big Star sized fat pants.Although I can't simply just walk around the corner of the block to get to you anymore like I used to, you're still lovely. Minus the fact that I have to remember to buff up on cash since you're cash only... but, I look past that. I promise never to pull one of those drunken stupor nights similar to when I (apparently) got into it with our waitress months back because I could "swear" you took credit. Hashtag I'm a bitch. Hashtag will be back again and again for tacos al pastor and tacos papas con rajas.Stopped by for dinner on NYE. Our bartender and server were both wonderful and had great attitudes, especially considering the chaos of NYE in a very packed restaurant. The fish tacos and the fresh guacamole were incredible!It's one of those place, that people go to because they think it's one of those places they should be going to.  Usually way too crowded to hear your friends, with utterly slow service, snooty bartenders, if you picked up Big Star and moved it anywhere else but its primo Wicker location, there'd be crickets. It's an OK bar, in a boring square room, serving OK food. It's Lakeview bar in Wicker Park.Big Star needs my review like Lake Michigan needs rain this summer . . . that is, it doesn't. From open to close, this place is slammed. My favorite door person line is when the keeper-of-the-clipboard at Big Star, with a straight face, says, "We're at a three hour wait." Yeah, call me . . . tomorrow. Basically, the tacos are good, the massive outdoor space has good energy, but the margaritas are a little on the sugary side, like a classier version of something you could get at a chain restaurant. I go here multiple times a summer, but I'm sure glad I live in the neighborhood and can chill at home until I get that call.I can eat tacos every. damn. day. I would eat tacos here every. damn. day.The one thing I have to complain about is the service.  It's not always that great.  Sometimes I feel like because it's so busy and crowded, that everyone who works there is just pissed off.However, Likes...BEER. Yes. I love their beer.  Usually have a decent selection on tap.TACOS. Duh. I haven't had a taco here that isn't just awesome. Pineapple and pork, yes please.PATIO. Summer time hangs outside are the best.  Catch some rays, and eat some damn good tacos.DAMN! - I used that word a lot.I started going to Big Star because a personal friend of mine(a yelper as well) told me about the tilapia fish taco's there. When I initially went I was stunned by the tilapia fish tacos. I immediately began to go regularly. I adored the tilapia fish taco. I fell in love with them you can say. I told my whole family and many friends too. I also told a lot of strangers on the public way. For instance I would be at the grocery store and would strike up conversation with strangers just to tell them about the amazing and adorable Tilapia fish taco.Then suddenly, the inevitable happened. It was sudden and without notice. I went to Big Star for a regular routine order of 6-8 Tilapia fish tacos. I just called them "fish tacos" to the waitress because they always knew what I meant. When I got the tacos I knew instantly that these weren't the same. They looked dried up and strange. My first bite was horrible. It turned out that they changed the type of fish in the taco. It is no longer tilapia but CATFISH......yea I said it... That's disgusting. It's also a cheaper fish. I instantly felt like vomiting when I made this discovery.....Also customer service has gone down hill...... Enough said..... So sad*I am adding some more information to this review. Since I wrote all of the above, Big Star has contacted me and assured me that the tilapia fish taco is back. I changed the one star rating to three based on this information. I'm going to give them another chance and if the tilapia fish taco is back to what it was then I will rate this place a four. The next thing I'm hoping for is the quality in customer service to return as well. If that happens then this place will be a five in my book. I will keep yelp updated on my next experience at the Big Star....**I have decided to add even more information about my experience with this place and this may be my final update. Well the tilapia fish taco is back on the menu. No more nasty catfish. However the tilapia fish taco has not seemed to have been restored to its original state. I would have given the original tilapia fish taco 5 stars. The ones they have put back on the menu are like 3 and 1/2 stars. It seems as though either A. They have a new vender for the tilapia fish or B. The tilapia is cooked differently. Whatever it is it's just not the same. They are also very stingy with the chipotle mayo sauce that they use on these tacos now. Why fix something that's not broken??? To top it all off they have raised the price of the fish taco by $1. The okay tilapia fish tacos are now $4.I feel somewhat betrayed by bigstar nonetheless we seem to have a love/hate relationship so I will be back again and again and again. I still give this place overall 4 solid stars.Too much hype on this place...I get it, great place to sit outside and people watch but other than that, this place has really nothing to offer. There are much better taquerias out there that are much cheaper and serve larger portions. Tacos here are like $4.00 a piece and anyone can eat about 6 of them, throw in a small amount of guac for like $10.00I will stop in here with friends to sit outside, but if I am looking for a meal, look elsewhere.CASH ONLY. This place is fun and affordable for some tacos and margaritas. We busted in on a Saturday late morning and got seats at the bar immediately, would have been a 15 min wait for a table.Place: Super convenient location at the Damen stop, basically right outside. Open, lots of tables and patio for nicer weather.Service: Friendly, food and drinks are super fast--great for hanger emergencies!Food: Tacos pretty standard fare with some surprises, I liked my pork belly and fried fish tacos. Friend got the one that comes in a fritos bag--interesting. Definitely get the queso fundito--could use some more chorizo and pepper but it was warm gooey greasy and delicious. Margaritas are bomb aka strong and delicious.Definitely check this place out for some tacos and margs, would be great for people watching all the hipsters too in the summer!I couldn't say anything bad about Big Star even if I tried. The food is great, the prices are reasonable, the drinks are fantastic, and I love the fun atmosphere. It's obviously not good for every occasion, but it's great for when you just want something fun and simple. Everything is so good, and the relatively fair prices easily let you try a few things at once. Though the wait can be long, the food comes out quickly. I also love that you can grab food late at night from their pick-up counter. I know the portions are small and therefore you could end up with a hefty bill, but I'm pretty sick of "fancy" Mexican places that are overdoing the whole tiny, novelty taco thing for like $7 each, so I appreciate that Big Star isn't trying to be something that it's not. It's a legit sit down place so I'm ok w/ paying a little more than the typical hole-in-the-wall Mexican taco spots. Oh wait - I guess one bad thing is that they are cash only. Meh, I'll still give it five stars. If you are in the area and the wait isn't super long, there is no reason to pass this place up.We came late on a Tuesday night, well after the rest of the restaurants had closed. Big Star didn't disappoint!We were initially told a 30 minute wait for a table of 3 and encouraged into the bar. Thankfully, the stars aligned and two tables got up right when we walked into the bar, so we were quickly seated just a minute later.We were presented the menu and it was refreshing that at such a popular place, there was relatively low pressure to make a big order or do drinks. This particular night, we tried the chips + guac, al pastor, chicken, fish, and potato.  My favorite, by far, was the al pastor- the grilled pineapple sweetness complemented the well marinated pork just right. It also helped that the taco was absolutely heaping when served!The chicken, fish and potato were all fine (I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken, to be completely honest) and the chips + guac were actually quite good. The chips were thin, warm, and crunchy (with a little extra salt) and the guac was as good as I've had elsewhere.  Just wish that for $8, there had been more guac to chip ratio.Prices are a little high- $3-4 for one of most tacos, sometimes a bit higher than that even. Given it's also a cash-only joint with minimal service, definitely paying for the trendiness.I can easily see myself back at Big Star, whether for a taco from the window next summer, or a late night at Violet Hour.Big Star!!! I'm a Big Fan!!! Pastor tacos with pineapple on top. The best fish taco I have ever had. The place was jumping wish I lived in Wicker Park to eat there daily.I wasn't blown away with this place.  There were definitely good parts about eating here, but there were even more negative parts.  I walk and bike by this place about every other day, and it's always packed.  But I was pleasantly surprised to be seated right away on the patio.  It probably had a lot to do with the fact that it was a Monday night.Our waitress was extremely slow and inattentive.  We sat with empty water glasses and drinks for quite a while, on a few different occasions.  The hardest workers there were the bus boys and the food runners.  They were way more attentive and on top of things than our server.  We ordered queso fundito for an appetizer, which wasn't spectacular.  In my opinion it could have used more chorizo and cheese.  We were fished with it for almost fifteen minutes before our server came back to take the rest of our order.  I ordered the taco el pastor and the walking taco.  The walking taco is just ingredients mixed into a frito bag.  Which I don't think is bad in theory, but if I would have known this, I probably wouldn't have ordered it.  My date ordered the taco de panza and the taco de papas.  I tried some of the pork belly on his taco, and I really didn't enjoy it.  The music that they were playing was great- some classic Neil Young.  I can get behind that.  But I can't get behind crappy service, and mediocre tacos.TACO AL PASTOR AHHHHHH.That night, my stomach capacity could only accommodate one taco, and I'm very glad I chose this one.For those not dining in, they have a take-out window on the right side of the building that's quick and easy.The TACO AL PASTOR, $3, comes with one flour tortilla topped with marinated spit-roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, and cilantro (yelp.com/biz_photos/big-…).It is bombdotcom amazeballs. I love the fact that it's one lone tortilla instead of two tortillas, and that it's flour instead of corn (flour tortillas hold toppings better without splitting). I love the fact that it's affordable. Most of all, I love the quantity of pork and pineapple that they shovel on top of your tortilla (yelp.com/biz_photos/big-…). So juicy. So succulent. So worth.I had heard that the Taco de Pescado and the Walking Taco (aka taco fillings in a Frito chip bag) were also must-tries, but I'll have to save those for another time when my belly has more space. Oh, and cash only!That perfect union of savory pork & sweet pineapple. AHHHHHH.This place has grown on me.  The tacos/food are really good.  There's good people watching.  The outdoor area is really nice in the summer.  They have a good selection of beer.  It's fairly priced.  And dogs are allowed outside!This place is always busy when I walk by but for some reason I've never tried it. I wouldn't call myself a taco person so maybe that's why. Luckily my friend is and he strongly suggested we head in there during our weekend Wicker Park hangout session. Good call, homey. Good call. We sat at the bar and Maria hooked us up. First of all, let me just say that she's super cool and has a great personality. My review is a few weeks late, but I didn't forget to give her the well deserved shout out! I ordered the fish, chicken and walking taco. The fish taco was ok. Nothing fancy. The chicken taco was amazeballs! Seriously. There was so much flavor packed in that little taco. I was pleasantly surprised and satisfied! The walking taco was sooooooo interesting. I had no idea what to expect, so when it came out in a frito's bag I started to scratch my head like, huh? The mini frito's bag was filled with corn chips, chilli, etc. All of the ingredients were swimming in that bag so I grabbed a fork and had at it. Delish.Overall, I had a good experience starting with the service (go Maria!) then the tacos. Two thumbs up. Now I see why Big Star is always so busy.Came here today for a late lunch and was surprised to find a wait-- this restaurant is popular! My boyfriend and I got the al pastor, fish and pork belly tacos with the queso fundido as an appetizer.  Tacos are pretty hard to screw up, right?  I liked everything we got, but I did not think that al pastor tacos were as amazing as everyone said.  I think the pineapple from the topping was canned, which kind of ruined the flavor of the dish (but still try it!). The queso fundido was delicious, obviously, because melted cheese makes everything taste better-- it's essentially a pile of melted cheese with chorizo and poblano peppers (?). I liked the vibe of the place too, it would be great for happy hours and late night snacks. A WPB must-try!Taco's are excellent.  They did mess up our order and short us a taco though.  Guac is above average.  Price is well worth it.  Inexpensive.  Need heat lamps out for those almost warm winter/spring days.Apparently the secret is to come here at 5 on a Monday. We beat the crowd and got great service. Fish tacos were flawless and super fresh. The guacamole is really small, especially for $8.00 (ack!). Try the pickled vegetables!Cash only and no reservations!Food and drinks were great. Hostess with the iPad was terrible. She had zero customer service skills.DESCRIPTION:Big Star has to be one of the coolest and tastiest Mexican restaurants in America. Simply awesome concept - tacos, appetizers, bourbon, tequila - and the execution of every dish is MONEY. Going to college in San Diego makes me a picky Mexican food rave-r, but this was out of controllllll good. SD - step your game up, the Midwest is gunning for ya. FOOD HIGHLIGHTS:Queso Fundito - There was one Super Bowl Sunday in college when my friends decided to only communicate with the word "queso" to each other.... This queso deserves to be the only queso in the dictionary. Taco Al Pastor - Marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder with grilled pineapple, onions and cilantro - It was my second time eating pork shoulder in 36 hours and man I could have done it again and again. Tacos de Papas con Rojas - Potatoes rajas chipotle, queso cotija, onions, cilantro - Going meat-free was my attempt at eating one "healthy" thing for the entire vacation. The little cubed potatoes crumbled with the piecey cojita cheese very nicely. EHHH:Sonoran Hot Dog - Bacon wrapped, pinto beans, lime mayo, mustard, onions, big star hot sauce on a bolillo roll - This hot dog was so spicy that I started sweating... and it takes a lot (Bikram yoga) to make me sweat. Some people enjoy their tongue getting seared off, but my tip to Big Star would be to offer a dog with the hot sauce and one without.I have never in my life had a similar experience with service at a restaurant. Busy day, sat at a patio table, waited 10 minutes, then 15 minutes. The hostess came by and I asked her (just to double check) is there table service here or may I just order inside? She said table service. Then it became 20 minutes of waiting. I saw tables around us receiving service from one woman. She checked in with many people including a new table that was seated next to us 10 minutes after us. I heard her say to them that the way things work is " you get seated, you wait for your server to come to you, then your food comes out real quick."  I am a restaurant server and I have worked local pub to fine dining. I don't care who you are and where you work... you don't seat a table and not greet them within 20 minutes. Also, although the restaurant was pretty filled up  it was not an issue of simply the server being too busy. We saw her hanging out having a drink and walking around most nonchalantly.  My friend just decided to get us a drink inside and brought them out... finally our server approached us to see what we want to eat. Of course we didn't want anything to do with her at that point and opted to have no food, finish our drinks, and leave.  I choose to leave out a personal description of this individual on a public forum because I think that is shaming and unfair if you were just having a bad day. But if a manager would care to know a description of this individual I would be happy to share because they are a lot of hardworking individuals out there that need jobs and it is unfortunate to have someone like this representing your establishment.Is this the only place in the city where hipsters and bros can come together as one and rejoice??? I think it might be.This was the second time I've been here, the first time was with a big group and we were ripping shots non stop, so didn't really get to experience as much of the menu as I would've liked.  I had a friend in town Sunday and wanted to take him to a chill place with some cool food options and cheap drinks, so we made our way down to Big Star. They open at 11:30 am, so we got there a little before, because the patio fills up quick.  We also brought our dog, since the patio is dog friendly.  Right when we got there, one of the staff brought out a water bowl for her, which was awesome. They have a variety of cheap beer options and have a different $3 whiskey shot every day of the week.  Naturally, we started with $2 Blatz and whiskey of the day shots, and the Blatz kept on coming for the rest of the time we were there. For food, we tried as much as we could.  Started with the Salsa de Frijol Con Quero (How's my spanish??), which was really good.  From there we ordered a variety of tacos, the Pastor, Pescado, and Panza.  I am not going to say they are the best tacos in the city, but they were damn good. To round out the meal we had to split the Sonoran hot dog (hot dog wrapped in bacon, loaded with taco fixings) and the Walking Taco, which is basically a taco in a Fritos bag. The Sonoran was a beast to look at, and to take down.  I was surprised with how good the flavor of the Walking Taco was, $2 well spent.  My Fiancee had the Esalada, which she said was just ok.Our total bill for all that, plus a good amount of beers was $60+tip, not bad at all for a lunch for 3 drinkers.  Some people have mentioned that the service was lacking, but I have nothing but great things to say about our server.  The place is cash only, which is annoying, but we knew that going in so it wasn't a problem. Will I be back? Si!In Chicago, you don't find restaurants like Big Star, and that's why it's such a hit.The main reason is the atmosphere, which (at least in the warmer months, which is the only time I've ever been) makes me feel as though I'm on vacation somewhere in Florida or Texas. Big Star's huge front patio and lack of a front door are more common in warm-weather climates, so to feel as though briefly transported there is incredibly appealing when seeking a fun dining experience.The menu is tacos, straight up, with some chip and dip sides/appetizers. There staples and things change time to time, but there aren't tons of options. If you want choices, go to any other Mexican restaurant. Here, you choose between 6-7 different tacos that you order individually, which is great if you want a taco snack, don't want to fill up or just want to have extra money to spend on drinks or appetizers.On the menu, I personally like the Taco Al Pastor, and the Walking Taco is a tortilla-less taco served in a bag of Fritos, which is both tasty and highly amusing. Vegetarians who eat fish will have some choices here as well (read: fish taco, but there are others), which you might not expect with a limited menu. Chips and guac and queso fundido are also delicious.In terms of drinks, Big Star stands out for its extensive bourbon list, but there are some great cocktails (from the looks of it, I've never tried any) and the beer menu has both craft beers and Mexican-style lagers (though mostly in bottles or cans -- the tap selection is small). This isn't a place where you see everyone drinking the margaritas just because hey, it's Mexican-style food.Big Star is open late, like any place that serves this kind of food should be. You can also order tacos at a walk-up window, so if you just want to taste stuff and avoid the long wait for a table, you can.The full package of food and atmosphere makes Big Star a total standout in Chicago. They're the best specialty tacos I've had in the city, but then again, can't say I know anyone else offering specialty tacos ... this isn't Dallas/Fort Worth. Big Star is just a fun, different place to go grab food.I am a taco fanatic...as in I seriously need to stop eating Tacos as much as I do. Big Star is a great place to take people from out of town or to meet up with a group of folks, its a super cool environment, busy and delicious. Their tacos are very good and their beer menu is awesome. I prefer Antique Tacos tacos but Big Star's environment. Either way you can't go wrong with either.I met a friend here for an after work drink and the sasparella (whisky and root beer) was awesome! We also shared the chips and quac and the chips were warm and salty and the guac was fresh and had a little zip - yum!Get here early or be prepared to wait. There's a big bar and the servers are friendly but don't forget that it's cash only!!I can't wait to go bak for a taco!Two words: Walking Taco. If you're like me and occasionally in need of some extra salty Frito-y goodness, those are the only two words you'll need at Big Star. We came on a weekday around lunch time so it wasn't overly crowded, but business sure was steady. The Walking Taco was the highlight, but the margarita was a big disappointment. I did not enjoy it at all. I've heard the sarsaparilla drink is good, so perhaps trying that would have increased my BS love. Definitely worth a stop if you're needing a quick bite before hoping on the blue line to Ohare.Perhaps my expectations were too high, but these are average to below average tacos at high prices. The pork belly taco was super bland and tasteless, the walking taco was just bad.  The taco al pastor was the best, but only on par with a typical Mexican taqueria for 1/3 the price. $21 lunch for 2 was 2 small tacos each and 1 drink each. Service was horribly slow and done without a smile. Being seated was an unorganized mess. They called us to tell us our table was ready, and had already given it away when we made the literally 7 step walk to the front, I guess some friends showed up. Sat in the direct afternoon sun which sucked since they don't have much shade for 2 person tables.  They called again when another seat was available, after we had been seated. It's been an hour since we ate, and I'm already thinking I could use a snack. I just couldn't leave fast enough. Would not suggest going there, but would be willing to be dragged back if someone wanted to go, so 2 stars.Went here around 2pm on a Saturday and it was packed. We had to wait 40 min but it was fine. The food was delicious (I had the pork belly tacos). My dad ordered 2 more additional fish tacos because he loved them so much. The additional food came out within minutes. I had to give it three stars because the service was pretty awful. The waitress completely forgot to put in my mom's order. The waitress sort of had an attitude about it and was not very apologetic.Favorite place to get tacos! They are all very unique and so delicious. Service super fast and drink specials awesome. For sure one of my favorite places in the Chicago area!Best fish taco's in Chicago hands down.  Great whiskey selection, so I hear.  Must have a pitcher of their kick you in the butt margaritas!!  I love all of their taco's... Always very busy and cash only but do not let that detract you from visiting.  Food service is ultra fast and there are plenty of standing areas around the bar to eat at.  There is also a food window to the right of the entrance if you're taking it to go or sneaking away for a snack.  This is at the top of my list for taco spots in Chicago -- do not miss it.GREAT cocktails.  And not only their fabled margaritas.  When I came here I had one of their wonderful whiskey concoctions - an old fashioned.  Super boozy and delicious, it may or may not have over shadowed the rest of my meal.Tacos are tasty, albeit small and on the pricier side, although its Wicker so what do you expect?  I really liked the taco de panza (pork belly - delish) and also the spicy pickled cabbage/carrots side order.  The drinks (both the beers and the cocktails) are at a great price, especially given their tastiness and potency (double win!).Service is average - the place was really busy when I went with a coworker.  Our waitress came to check on us a couple times, and although not super friendly, she wasn't surly and attended to our drink refills pretty quickly.  We went on a wonderfully sunny afternoon, too sunny in fact - the combination of direct sun and boozy inebriation required a table change from out in the open to under a shady umbrella before our food hit the table (which front of the house happily obliged us to).Definitely a nice spot to had some afternoon cocktails and snacks in.High end taco joint, with a great food, beer, and spirits menu.  Stopped by on Saturday night, and very lucky to get a seat.  There's a ton of outdoor patio seating, and bar seats and benches inside.  Awesome vibe!  Coming from L.A., I'm extremely picky about Mexican food, and specifically street tacos.  Food at Big Star was delicious.  Tacos Al Pastor (marinated, spit roasted pork, grilled onion, grilled pineapple, cilantro) were delicious.  The addition of diced pineapple was a brilliant touch and adding another flavor component.  Taco De Pescado (fried Tilapia) was really good.  The Queso Fundido (melted queso Chihuahua, rajas poblano, housemade chorizo, fresh tortillas) is the effin shiznit.  Soooooo good.Great beer on tap, delicious tacos. The pork belly was the best in my opinion. But the fried fish is also good with hot sauce. I also tried the green chile chorizo last time I went, and it was very good. Get the guacamole.Great tacos and queso and chips. Has all types - chicken, pork, vegetarian, fish, etc. $3 per taco and pretty filling so it is easy on the wallet. Nice outdoor seating area. I did not like the indoor seating area much due to the obnoxiously loud music (this isn't a nightclub, I don't understand why some restaurants want their customers to shout to have conversation). Cash only sucks.Best Pescado tacos ever. I also recommend the panza and pastor tacos. The sonoran hot dog looks tasty and I may give it a shot next time. They have outdoor seating, which is ideal on a nice 'n breezy, lazy summer day. The pescado was very crispy and flavorful, and each ingredient played their part in making this taco arguably the best taco I have ever eaten. If you do not prefer to eat fish tacos, give this one a chance, best taco, best fish taco awards go to this one. #foodiemoment, #Idonotthinkhashtagsworkonyelp.Coming from Southern California where I THINK are the best tacos, these guys did a nice job. The fish tacos are amazing...probably the best I've ever had. I highly recommend getting 3-4 of them! Atmosphere: pretty cool place and service was friendly. Our waiter was super friendly and super cute.If you want like be treated like garbage by a swaggering harpy in a cowboy hat while being deafened by ear-splittingly loud and positively inane conversations inside of a glass and concrete box full of screaming assholes, definitely stand in line to eat tacos here.Hipster fare. Maybe I'm spoiled because I come from California and tacos are good and affordable there, but for a taco joint we ended up getting nicked and dimed towards a $30 bill.  I get these aren't your average tacos but $4 tacos add up quickly so by the time you're full it's easy to spend a lot without feeling like you got a lot.  Chips were extra. Salsa was meh.  Cash only so be prepared!Ahh yea! What a hot spot to place a Mexican taco joint. After a night of drinks across the street at Violet Hour, hop on over here for some good late night munchies. 3 stars since it's just your average Mexican taco. Again, if you follow my reviews, I may be Mexican food spoiled coming from SoCal where Mexican tacos in San Diego are hard to beat.Big Star reminds me of summer. If you've been here in the summer, you know why. Great outdoor atmosphere! (it's great whenever though!) The tacos are amazing and so CHEAP! (cash only, btw) The fish and chicken tacos are my favorite! Be careful here, you think you're going for the food and then the drinks suck you in... The margaritas are incredibly strong and delish. The wait staff is also super friendly!I wouldn't recommend going here during peak hours. It is packed. The Taco Al Pastor is great. I wish the fish tacos weren't fried but delicious none the less. I don't know if they serve food all day but I'd highly recommend being here when they start. Cool place with solid but not pretentious vibe (more Harley less Prius). Cash only. Great place.After hearing much hype about Big Star I finally made it! We sat on the "picnic" side since the wait in the fenced area was at least an hour! The only downside to the picnic side is no alcohol is served since it's not a fenced in area. I tried the chicken taco which was DELICIOUS, great flavor and fresh cilantro with pickles! I would also recommend the salad if you want something besides a taco. The portion is quite large and very filling.Big plus of the picnic side: food preparation is super quick! I only had to wait 5 minutes!!Don't forget CASH as this is a cash only restaurantMy friends were giving me shit about eating Tex Mex in Chicago but who cares, I had a great time here.  The fish taco was legit, the pork belly taco was amazing.  Tack on a big ol' pitcher of margaritas and a DJ spinning, you're gonna have a good time!A lot of the reviews complain about the long wait but I guess I brought my Texas karma because we got seated right away at a sweet table outside on the patio.  Also, does the name of this place remind anyone else of the Kenny Chesney song?  Nope? Ok.  Yeehaw, yall.I just moved out here from Los Angeles, where we pride ourselves in our tacos.  So i was a little skeptical about Big Star.  After ordering the pork shoulder and chicken taco, i gotta say...LA could have some serious competition!!Plus, I love the fact that they have $1 Rhineland beer bottles (7 oz)!I went here for the first time Friday night with 2 friends, I had heard all the hype and how amazing this place was, so being a foody in Chicago I had to check it out.We arrived right before 6:00 and I was told it wouldn't be that long of a wait. Great, I expected a wait anyway. We go to the bar and order a pitcher of margaritas, which was cheap and a good call. We were finally seated 1.5 hours later around 7:30... I mean jeeze... a 1.5 hour wait? Pretty brutal.. It is what it is I guess? Minus 1 star for having to wait almost triple what we were told.Okay on to the food.. We ordered a BUNCH of tacos, Al Pastor, Walking Taco, De Pollo, De Pescado, Frijoles Con Queso, Guac and Chips. They were all very good! The Al Pastor stands out the most to me, that had so much flavor it was amazing, I wish I had ordered 5 more of them.So overall, great food, good atmosphere (especially the bar area), decent margaritas, and a terrible long line.Do I like the tacos? Damn straight. Is it worth strategically planning your trip so you're there at a time you can get a table....meh.....maybe not.First, parking is horrendous in the area. If you aren't close by, like us, you have to plan to go when it isn't peak time so you can park and get a seat. Few things are worth that trouble off the bat.The wait staff is awkward -- I understand that aloof hipster vibe is trendy, but I'm not into it.The tacos are pretty legit, but don't expect something authentically Mexican (head down to Don Pedro's in Pilsen for that). The fish taco is probably my favorite. There's a generous portion of fried fish filet, some slaw and a great chipotle/mayonnaise-y sauce. In terms of whisky, the pricing seems nonsensical. Some of the crappier booze will cost more per shot than some of the better stuff. And in the end, you're better off from a money-strandpoint heading to Binny's and buying a bottle. And $3 for a bottle of Coke? Someone needs to get a fountain.Last time we were here our tacos were nearly cold when we got them. It was a beautiful day though and we sat on the patio, which made for a great afternoon. I think I romanticized this place too much after my first visit over a year ago, and my last trip here was a little unremarkable. Thankfully the weather and good company made up for it.Such a great place. Everything is low priced and delicious. My girlfriend, her brother and his girlfriend came and between the four if us we ordered 6 tacos, the hotdog, queso fundido. It was the perfect place to hit the spot. Our server, Pim was great. Being from SF we were ready for good food. She was friendly and recommended other places in the area to check out. But more about the food...the queso fundido was my favorite. Similar to a chile relleno, this was the perfect amount of cheese and pepper in a small corn tortilla. Melts in your mouth and satisfies on the first bite. The tacos are street style and range from 2-4 dollars. The peacado (catfish) wash favorite. The hot dog was a little different compared to all Mexican food but satisfied the taste buds. This place had an awesome ambiance and was just great overall. I would recommend to anyone.best taco place EVER. sitting outside sipping on palomas is worth the two hour wait on summer nights. amazing chips & guacamole, the queso fundido is bomb, and the al pastor is the most delicious taco i have ever had in my entire life. been comin' here for years, never gets old. I LOVE YOU BIG STAR!I can't believe this is happening. I am writing a 2 star review for Big Star. This place has gone downhill and definitely lost the 'cool factor'. The crowd has turned into a Lincoln Park/Wrigleyville hybrid group. Lots of bros, guys who eagerly describe themselves as a 'young professional', and older people who have gotten a babysitter for the night who just 'really want to let loose'. There is nothing wrong with that, but it is a departure from what Big Star used to be. It also is kind of depressing watching a 40 something year old mom fall on the floor at 10pm on a Wednesday because she has had too many margaritas. Since this place is in my neighborhood  I used to come here all the time, sometimes alone. It used to have a community feel where everyone at the bar would chat and drink together. Now I would never go here alone because as a woman I am CONSTANTLY bothered here with "Hey beautiful, do you come here often?" type BS. I know, I know, it's a bar and that happens at bars. However it seems like Big Star has become one of the worst places in that respect, at least in this area. It didn't used to be like that. It is definitely better during the winter months, but it still isn't great. The other night my friend and I were shocked by how rude the bartenders were. After coming here for years we both agreed--- we have NEVER had a service experience at Big Star that we can remember being positive. It seems it is more important for the servers/bartenders to look cool than to actually be friendly, positive and engaging. There is a lot of mediocrity accepted here. The 'too cool for school' attitude is getting really, really old. Most of us in the neighborhood have lots of tattoos and skinny jeans too, that doesn't mean you have to be an asshole because you're edgier than everyone else. You're not. Stop it. Smile for once. Play nice.The food is good but now that Antique Taco is down the street I'd much rather go there. Too bad they close at 11 and aren't open on Mondays, because now that's about the only time I will go to Big Star to eat.Also, 'cash only' annoys the shit out of me.Holy hell, this place is a effing mess. Avoid unless you enjoy a deafening crowd and extremely sub-par food and general disorganization. Tried to go here around 10pm. Sounded like a thousand children were eating in a tiny cafeteria. So much noise (I've been a drummer in a metal band, I'm not afraid of noise, but good lord, try'nna eat here). Hostess flippantly tells us it's "at least hour wait" so we tried the To-Go window. To-Go window took a while as well, with people just sort of pushing their way up en mass. I was ready to knuckle sammich some frat boy gringos.Then we order, under high pressure since there's a thousand people behind us and you can feel their burrito anxiety. (Settle down champs, eat a light snack before you go out FFS.) Then they close the window after we order. After a while, the *same* window opens (despite having a pickup window with no line in front of it) and they start calling numbers. So we have to push our way back into the same crowd at the front of the line, with the frat boys acting like we're cutting, and trying to get our food along with the other 3 parties called back. Really dumb. We got a little of everything. Nothing was great. The best I can say is they did give us a gigantic bag of warm chips (like the family size at the grocery store).. BUT they gave us just a few tiny cups of salsa, so small the chips don't even fit in. And **everything** was really spicy, which I love, but one person in our group couldn't eat because it was too spicy (no mention of this on the menu). Hey management, is anyone even thinking any of this shit through?What can I say? Love love love this place!  Totally authentic Mexican and better! My home town music with awesome music! This is a great concept! Hipster food for hipster people. Ok, not everyone here is a hipster, just the staff, minus the cooking crew. Yes, you wait forever just to get your name in, yes you wait forever just to get in, and yes you wait forever for a seat, but without ranting more, it is totally worth it!  Ive been coming here since they've opened and sorry I haven't yelped yet, but today was over the top service as busy as they are we git kick ass service! Thanx guys!Came here with some friends at 4:30 PM on a Saturday and it was still a 45-50 minute way. Kinda crazy for an off time.We ordered the taco al pastor and the fish tacos. The taco al pastor was a bit salty and overall okay. The fish was a bit dry and bland. So overall, not a fan of the tacos.The outside seating is nice on a warm day, but for that long of a wait, I'd expect better quality. Seems like another tourist trap.Mmmmm... tacos are so good! A little pricey but that's what you get in that area. Cash only but that's ok with me! If you like the taste of condensed milk you should get the milk shake. It's sooo good if you like super sweet stuff.Being an Angeleno, tacos are a no-brainer, given the heavy influence of Mexican culture. We have taco trucks littering construction sites (and you better believe, you out-of-towners, we have construction all year long). Needlesstosay, I was not expecting what I got in Chicago. The place is crowded, all the time. The vibe is not what I would have expected, a clear cut Chicagoan crowd. I was clearly an LA girl, stood out a mile in any direction. Mr. Cotter ordered us $3 Tecate in a can along with our individual tacos de panza. YUM is the best way to describe this food. The pork belly was cooked to perfection and a lot of given in such a small shell, a bit, though, of overwhelming seasoning. Could've used less, as the pork belly was so tender and succulent in itself. The corn tortillas were warm and soft, not once falling apart in my hands or mouth. The juices dripped freely, which made the cheese so intoxicating. A little cilantro went underneath the cheese, giving it a freshly green flavor. The limes from the Tecates actually greatly enhanced the flavoring, making me wonder why limes are ALWAYS used?! It's almost like garlic. Except who wants garlic in their beer?This was a great pick me up (a "num-num") to help with the exceptional cocktails served at the Violet Hour. I would go again, if just to listen to the jazzy vibe (played on a turntable, nonetheless!), the boisterous crowd, and the $3 Tecate in a can.The guacamole was some of the best I ever had. I would  even make a special drive to the pick up window just for that.Would I ever go back to eat inside? Meh. We waited 2 hours for a table and had multiple drinks while getting bumped into by the many people who were also waiting for a table. The tacos were good, but not mind blowing.I just moved to the Chicago area from 22 years in Denver, and it was really nice to go someplace that felt - and tasted like home to me.  I have been sort of secluded in the burbs and this was, on a Wednesday night, full of young folks and a few older folks - and yes - very crowded. I read the other reviews and yeah, quite a lot of 'young professionals'  - having a lot of tipsy fun.  We only had the Taco al Pastor (pretty good) and the Taco de Panza (PERTTY DAMN YUMMY - and not fatty at all!).  I peeked at the tequila menu - maybe 10 or so - ranging from $5 to $18 a shot, and I'm not drinking, so I had a limeade.   That hit the spot.   Tasted like it might have had ginger in it. (Note to self - make limeade with ginger and fizzy water at home). The menu is short and sweet and I look forward to going there again, and exploring more of areas close to downtown.I came here a second time for a friends birthday. We quickly got sat for ten people at a big table on the patio. They let us reserve the table even though only half of us were there. Service was excellent. Tacos are good. Fish tacos are still my favorite. Margaritas are classic. They even offer skinny margs! Overall, a much better experience.I went to Big Star yesterday for lunch. They only take cash, so be aware. We sat at the bar. The food is amazing and comes out fast!  I had chips and guac (chips were warm), taco al pastor and taco de panza.  Really all of it was delicious.  We also each had a margarita.  It was good but for $8 kind of a small drink  And the bus boy took it away so fast and I still had a little bit left.  That was the only annoying part.  Overall, great food and I would go back.I'm sure this review will need updating since I only stopped by the "to go" window for a quick meal on Saturday night. I ordered the pollo and pastor, which to my surprise came out on flour tortillas. This was a huge bonus for me since I LOVE flour tortillas and never quite have grown to like corn tortillas as much as I would like to. The pollo taco was delicious, juicy, and consisted of an overwhelming amount of taco meat. Same deal with the pastor, although the pastor was a bit on the chewy side and not quite as delicious as the pollo. The salsas were pretty good, neither were very spicy, but the jalepenos we ordered were on fire! They were awesome, but I definitely could only tolerate one bite. I definitely would like to come back and sit down and have a few drinks at Big Star. It seemed continuously packed, and I want to get the full experience since it seems like such a big hit!One last note: It's cash only!FISH TACOS! I love it here. I would go early since it sometimes takes forever to get a seat and they can be a bit disorganized with that. It's a good mix of people there and the big star margarita is tasty. A great place to catch up with friends, and accidentally order too many tasty tacos and end up in a food coma. They also have mini dollar beers!A great please to start or end the night.I always joke about this place and how it's always a long wait.Hahahaha. Jokes on me. Over an hour wait for terrible food and crappy drinks. Never again.C'mon! you know my review is damn funny.People seriously J their P for this place. The food here is pretty good but I have definitely have had better tacos in Chicago and Big Star doesn't hold a candle to Bakersfield in Cincinnati. Go to Pilsen and eat a tamale for a $1. That being said, they have killer margaritas and a great atmosphere on the patio. Bring cash, expect a wait, and don't drive home after a few margs.4 stars for Big Star! I was visiting a friend in Chicago, and this is the place that she suggested we meet. After a long flight, I stepped off the El to this little taco place. It was already pretty late (10pm) so there was really no wait. What I appreciated the most are the vegetarian/pescetarian options here. The fish tacos were GOOD (taco de pescada). I also tried a black bean taco as well as the potato taco. They all had great flavor. The potato taco was probably my least favorite mostly because of the consistency (just too soft), but again, the flavors were great.This is a fun and trendy place to come, esp at night!YUMMMMMMM. That pretty much sums up my experience.GREAT SERVICE. Love that they card everyone and only let the 21 and older into the garden. Dogs are also allowed. There was a sweet French bulldog staring at us the entire time, it was quite adorable.This place has Gosling's Ginger Beer! I ordered the taco al pastor and another taco ith pork belly and pineapples. Everything was so delicious, it's indescribable, but maybe my picture will do it justice!Service was friendly and efficient. The outdoor ambiance was a winner, especially on the day that I was in Chicago, it was extremely sunny. The restaurant had huge umbrellas to shade us from the sun.For lunch with 5 girls (including drinks), the total bill came out to ~$53 + tip. Not bad for a Saturday afternoon get together.Two friends recommended this place to me, and I would HIGHLY recommend this place to you!Well, I was attempting to get some Glazed and Infused doughnuts, which happen to be right down the street....but they were out :(As sad as this lack of donuts was at the time, I found solace in Big Star's churros! yay!It was a Sunday morning and they had their food truck set up right outside of the shop selling churros!! Perfect. I bought an order with a side of chocolate dipping sauce all for just $3 on the dot and it was REALLY good. I was super shocked to see that the churro was in the shape of a donut, not the standard log! But oh boy was it fantastic - the super airy texture was just out of bounds, couple that with the cinnamony glaze on top and you have a wonderfully flavorful, divine piece of heaven right there.Absolutely the best fish tacos I've ever had... for now.There is nothing I didn't like about Big Star!  Great vibe!  Loved the bar and the music volume.  It was loud but not too loud to hold a conversation.  Just the way music should be played especially when you're playing some awesome tunes. Finally got our table outside (we waited awhile but who cares when you can hang out in that awesome bar??)  Outdoor patio is huge and everyone was having a great time!  Food was outstanding.  It reminded me of the authentic street food I get when I go to Mexico.  I had the tacos el pastor and the tacos de panza.  Both were perfectly seasoned and so delicious.  Great cocktails and beer list too.  I had an Undercover Shutdown and also a Texas Serenade (jalapeno infused)..yum!  Guacamole was excellent.  I don't know why I never tried this place out sooner.Here is what you are going to do. Go to Big Star at 11:15 and wait in line. This is 15 minutes before they open. When you finally get in and the weather is nice, sit on the deck, order yourself two tacos (pork and chicken), get yourself a delicious margarita and realize life is better than you thought because you are at Big Star.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!Big Star Wars is my favorite spot to grab a summertime meal. The patio is comfortable and colorful and is an excellent spot to watch Wicker Parkers amble on by. The tacos are fantastic. I ordered five of them and they were all very tasty. I wouldn't have ordered five if I was on a date, probably would have ordered only three, at the very least no more than one more taco than my date orders. The margaritas are delicious, though they are too expensive at $7 a pop. (comparatively, their pop is two dollars a pop). Before I continue with the second part of my review, I want everybody to make sure they are completely familiar with the term "Gestalt". It took me a while to find the most appropriate term for what I am about to describe but it looks like this will do just fine.The guacamole sucks. Remember that stuff Yoda fixes up about halfway through Empire? and Luke's reaction when he tasted it? That's exactly how I felt when ordered the guacamole. good guacamole is not that difficult to make and that makes it all the more frustrating.I know what a good portion of you are thinking.  The Mexican joint has overpriced margaritas and terrible guacamole and he gives it 5 stars. What's next, a Michelin Rating for cold Tecate? If you deconstruct the place, you can come up with plenty of reasons to justify its 3.5 star yelp rating. I'm not going to do that though. I am going to appreciate that this an extremely enjoyable spot to enjoy a beautiful day, eat some tasty tacos, and drink some cold margaritas or a Blatz. And I'm going to give it 5 stars,I waited and it was worth it. My favorite tacos in the city. HANDS DOWN.These margaritas will eff.  you.  up.  They are delicious and amazing but if you have a pitcher, be prepared to not remember much of what you do for the rest of the night.Don't bother coming here unless it's at an off-time of day.  I've gotten seats on weekday afternoons, and also on a Monday after 10 pm with ease.  Any regular dinner hour, especially on a nice day, and you'll be waiting at least an hour.  Pretty sure you can sit at the bar though, if there's room, and you can eat there so if you find a seat, it's worth it.  Who cares where you sit?  Sitting at the bar means drinks come faster anyway!  Later at night they start to close up their outdoor patio which is a bummer.$30 for a pitcher of classic margaritas but it's all you'll need for the rest of the night, so it's worth it.  I've also tried the Ramblin' Rose and really loved it - their tequila seems to be of quality.I haven't eaten here in a while, but I know it is a great deal.  Tacos are all $3-4 so you can try a whole bunch of different stuff without filling up.  I tried the Sonoran Hot Dog because there was a lot of buzz around it, but I found it really overrated.  It was basically just a giant hot dog, with bacon and beans.  I mean it tasted good, but it wasn't special to me.  If you really love hot dogs though, by all means, $7 and you'll roll out the door.  I prefer to stick to tacos.  They are all great.  Pace yourself on the booze and you'll have a great night here!Came after work and it's packed so it must be good. The bartenders inside aren't very attentive when needing more drinks. And it took atleast 10 minutes to get 2 margaritas made so they must not be so great either. I stood and watched haha. The food is great and I love a patio but get here in time to grab a table for the summer!I really think that being from Texas did have an impact on my rating of this restaurant, but pretty much any taco place I've been to in Texas has been better.Starting with seating - even though there were open tables, it took a while (15-20 minutes) to be seated.  When we were, it was in the open sun and I ended up getting sunburned (even after applying sunscreen).  I think that if I'd been better prepared for this, I could have gotten past this.For service, it was a while after we were seated before the waitress came by to take drink orders.  We were ready to order food also at this time, but she walked away before we had the chance, so we had to wait a while again for her to come back with drinks to place that order.  We were out of water quite often (many other tables were given pitchers of water, but we were not).  Also, after ordering, one of the employees took my walking taco away before I was done with it (yes, it is in a chip bag, but hopefully you could tell there was something still in it?  And couldn't you have stopped when I tried to get your attention to tell you?).I ordered the taco al pastor and a walking taco.  The taco al pastor was bland to me except for something sweet, but it wasn't really what I was expecting.  I actually liked the walking taco, but was disappointed that I didn't get to finish it.Awesome fish tacos... Parking is street parking and the wait is horrendous. always jam packed but worth the wait for the fish tacos.Tacos and Bourbon? That was the promise from the guys at Alinea. I always ask for recommendations from industry folks and get an array of cool places to go eat that i wouldnt have normally sought out. With the EL train stopping and stuck, i got off in Wicker Park and started walking around. Who know when it would start again, so i changed my dinner plans to food hopping. first stop, Big Star. All coincidence that i was told about this place a few weeks ago and then id end up right next to it. The place is crazy packed. Line, wall to wall people, drinking and partying. You could say that it was a bit of a shit show. Since i was hopping, it didnt matter that i got a seat so i went to the take out window. A pork belly taco, sit on the benches, and watch the people. No bourbon (too early) but a good taco. A bit on the pricey side but of solid quality ingredients. A later came to realize, that this is one of Paul Kahan's establishment, whose hospitality group ive become a fan of. This concept and clientele seem quite different from his other ventures but it seems crazy successful, so kudos to the group.  I think this place requires a bigger group to return with with some bourbon and other drinks in the mix. Not sure how to get past the shit show but maybe that's part of the ambiance. We'll see what happens next time.Today's Happy Hour brought Big Star into my life. I was excited already since we weren't getting the same old Papa Johns pizza that we usually get. Big Star set up a build your own taco buffet. There were tortillas, seasoned potatoes, chicken, steak, sour cream, onions, salsa, and other toppings galore. There were also plentiful chips so you could build your own taco dip if you so desired. The food was delicious. This really makes me want to visit the actual location in Wicker Park.Delicious tacos. Place is packed when the weather is nice so plan accordingly.1000000% worth the wait, if you do ever have to wait!  Best (hipsterized/americanized) tacos I have ever had in my life!  No place has ever even come close, and I am always looking for another great taco joint.  Their pescado and al pastor tacos are out of this world, same with the guac.  Everything on the menu is superb and I have never had a bad experience or meal.  Anytime I have visitors in town, this place is at the top of the list to go to, and repeat out-of-towners beg to go back the first night they're in.  The margaritas and other drinks are so good.  Yes it's noisy and crowded and you have a super long wait, but why not put your name in and go explore, drink, or shop elsewhere in the neighborhood until they call you...good system in my opinion!  Service is also always wonderful.  Best time to go is when the weather is warm so you can sit outside!There are a few things that you must know before you consider going to Big Star.  The wait will always, always, always be over an hour.  It doesn't matter if you go during the week, on the weekend, or in the winter, there is always a huge wait.  But, the food and drinks are amazing, so it's well worth it.  Big Star is pretty close to where I live, so similar to Piece, I most often just order tacos to go from the carryout window.  When I do that, I love to pop inside for a margarita to kill the 20 minutes it takes for the tacos to be ready.I had a friend in town on a Monday night, and we decided we had enough to catch up on that we would enjoy a pitcher of margaritas and brave the wait.  The hostesses are always the most friendly of the staff and accommodate people as best they can.  We waited against the back wall by the bar where there is a ledge and stools, which makes it a little more bearable.After about an hour, we were finally seated and ordered the guacamole.  It is always so fresh and delicious.  I ordered two fish tacos and a potato taco.  I should never ever stray from the fish tacos because they are always out of this world.  Love them!Even though the wait is ridiculous, I still love Big Star.Embarrassingly horrible service.Went there last weekend. First, the bouncer wouldn't let me join my group's table that was LITERALLY two feet away from me and pointed me to the line of about 15 people. Psh. Just went across the street.When the line finally died down and I came back, I got yelled at by a waiter for trying to add an additional chair to our table. Really, people?I didn't buy anything, but the margaritas I tried were pretty good. Would never give this place my money, and definitely won't be coming back.The poblano taco is gone.  Sad.  BUT BUT BUT they've changed the pollo from a tostada to a taco and made the filling extra super delicious.  LIKE SERIOUSLY the pollo taco is SO GOOD.  The chicken is tender, zesty, and awesome, there are pickles on top and stuff.Oh and also, the Michelada is bomb.  If you're a fan of micheladas, get one here.  You get drunk slower than on margaritas, but sometimes that's a good thing.  And if your friends insist on getting pitchers of the mezcal margarita (ew) then this is the perfect substitute.  Also, you can be smug in the morning when they're hungover and you're not.That's probably more me than you, but it is what it is.The worst service I've ever received in my life.This is an above-average taco stand under an L train that acts like a world-class 5* restaurant.  You'll see me over at high noon saloon for a much better margarita, comparable tacos,  and none of the BS you have to put up with at Big Star.It was aight.Apparently it was my "lucky" day, as my friend and I got a table (just us two) without any issues, despite the fact that I am the least-hipster person who has ever lived. Everything about the service was horrendous. Once seated, we had to remind the waitress for menus, our drinks, our order and had to track down someone else entirely for our check.Had the service been attentive, we'd have ordered another round of tacos/a margarita pitcher, but since they couldn't be bothered with actually helping customers, we paid and spent our money at a place that actually wants their clientele to be satisfied.Just not as good as I remembered.I came to Big Star a long time ago when they had lamb tacos. They were so good and I've always wanted to come back for more. One of my friends suggested we come here for lunch, and I was really excited to revisit those lamb tacos.Sadly, no lamb tacos. So I got the Taco de Panza (pork belly), Taco de Pescado (tilapia), and the Taco al Pastor (pork shoulder). The pork belly was described as crispy. Mine was not crispy. But I did like the overall flavor profile. The fish taco was bland. I feel neutral about it. The pork shoulder taco was probably my favorite. I like that they add pineapple since traditional al pastor tacos don't have pineapple. Guacamole. What is all the hype? This was truly the worst chips and guac I've ever had. The chips seemed stale. The guac was fizzy and limey like they put too much stuff to preserve it from turning brown. I'd honestly rather have slightly brown tasty guac that this nasty stuff. I just want fresh guac. Is that too much to ask for? I know you're always packed, but the quality of food should not suffer for it. We also ordered the horchata and the housemade limeade. Seemed watered down. In general I just wasn't impressed with the food or drinks here. I don't think I'd return except maybe if I was driving by and wanted tacos to go. Service: I didn't even recognize that our server was our server. At first I thought she was just a hippie who was trying to help out. She was wearing a loose dress and had no notepad or anything that would indicate that she was a server. Wayyy to casual for me. And didn't really provide "service." Maybe this is the vibe they want at Big Star, but it's not appealing to me.Good food! Fast!Ordered chicken taco and "taco on the walk" Very tasty.Cash onlyFinally had the patience to wait for a table on a Friday night.  It's very chaotic at the hostess stand because people are waiting to put their name down, waiting for a table, or walking through just to go to the bar.  At one point, the bouncer had to keep everyone back because they were filled to capacity.  We were given an estimated wait time of 1-1.5 hours when we checked in around 5:45pm and subsequently seated 2 hours later.  In the meantime, we waited next door.  I ordered a Dulce de Leche Liquado which was phenomenal!  The perfect summer drink.  We started with the chips and guacamole.  The guacamole was fresh and tasty while the chips had a nice thickness and just the right amount of salt.  We also split a pitcher of the classic margarita, which was one of the best I've had in a while.  A pitcher was enough for the three of us to have 2 drinks.  Hubby ordered the grilled salted jalapenos, which were too spicy even for him, but our Thai guest thought they were good as is.  The pickled veggies were okay, but Hubby was disappointed at the small size of the cauliflower.  The tacos were excellent - Hubby had the Taco el Pastor and the Taco de Panza.  I had the Taco de Pescado, which was delicious, and the Walking Taco, which came in a Fritos bag.  It was a little too spicy for me.  Our guest tried the Taco de Papas con Rajas as well as the Pescado, which he really liked.It was the perfect night to sit outside and enjoy the ambiance.  They also don't seem to pressure you to leave the table as many parties around us had been sitting there talking and drinking long after they finished eating.  If you have time to spare, not too hungry and wiling to wait, then it'd be worth it.  Otherwise, check out the take out counter next door and order the tacos to go!  Also, don't forget to bring cash - both places are cash only.I have a borderline obsessive affection for this silly former gas station thats now an amazing taco bar. The waits are so ridiculously long these days I unfortunately have to subtract a star their food totally deserves. Waits of 2+ hours for even stellar tacos are unacceptable and we've walked away many times over the years. First and foremost Big Star has always considered themselves primarily a bar that also serves amazing food. They don't rush anyone who's drinking out the door so the wait time can be out of control. It's loud and fun on the inside and cool and relaxed out on the patio during nice weather. I've heard they are expanding soon, which I applaud. Get on it!And now the tacos....I've never been able to pick a favorite - for me it's a total toss up between the pork shoulder with pineapple & pork belly with queso fresco. Both are so delicious and at $3 each, you cannot lose. I've tried the fish and chicken and they're really good but just can't compare to the pork extravaganza. A good beer or margarita to wash it down simply adds to the delight. I only wish I didn't have to wait so damned long to get my fix!Your tacos rock and your margaritas are killer. This place is on point and does it all right. Their guac is also delicious. I think the service could be a little better and the staff could be a little nicer but that's a small price to pay for delicious tacos.The fish tacos and the pork belly tacos are my favorites!See ya in the summer or I will be stopping by the taco window pretty soon.I had to return and write another review, because unfortunately I come bearing bad news. I saw the kitchen staff squirting guacamole from plastic packets into little bowls, to be served to all of the customers. Sorry, I don't care how many people you serve a day, this is completely unacceptable for the clientele and the amount of money you make. $8 for a bowl of wholy guacamole? And chips from a bag as well? Shame on you. Hire some more people to make fresh guacamole and shell out the cash to buy REAL avocados. You're a cash only business making thousands per day. Really nice business scheme. Your food quality is terrible.Good tacos but the cash only policy you have to prepare for. Guac is great. Try to avoid going on weekend, it gets packed. Many taco places in Chicago to check out, this is one for Wicker's people watching crowd.Big Star has somewhat of a cult following here in Chicago and when you stop in it's not hard to see why. The large bar area inside is flooded with natural light and the outdoor seating makes this the perfect spot to enjoy a beautiful day in the windy city. Oh...and the food and drinks are pretty darn good too!I've tried all the tacos here at Big Star (my favorites are the Al Pastor that's topped with pineapple and the fish) and they're all packed with tons of great flavor. I'm also a big fan of their guacamole,  the Walking Taco served in a Fritos bag, the GIANT Sonoran Hot Dog and the Queso Fundido. They also have a nice variety of margaritas and craft beers (Three Floyds Gumballhead) if you're looking to get your drink on. Unfortunately the service is usually a miss and the fact that they're cash only is a little annoying. Also...their tacos are good, but not my favorite in city. When I'm in the mood for the atmosphere I'll stop in but otherwise, I'm getting my taco fix elsewhere.As a Cincinnati native, Big Star in Wicker Park is on par with my hometown favorite tequila bar and restaurant, Bakersfield. Posi's:* Big Star has a very tasteful selection of alcohol; specifically Bourbons, Whiskeys, and beers.* The Wicker Park area of Chicago is very entertaining. It's a young, sort of hipster style scene, but there is cuisine and nightlife for anyone's liking. * Relatively inexpensive food and drink.* Small menu, wide variety. * Spectacular fish taco's, to whom it may concern.Negi's:* If you go on a weekend, you will absolutely wait to be seated... or squeeze up to the bar.* CASH ONLY (not necessarily a negative in my book, as there are ATM's everywhere)If you're in Chicago looking for food, drinks, and a fun atmosphere, head to Wicker Park on the Blue Line and give Big Star a go. 4/5I'm a big fan of the Pescado and Al Pastor tacos at this joint. The key to an excellent Big Star experience is to come during the day on a weekday. Unlike the weekends, weekdays are super chill and the customers are more akin to people I might actually hang out with. When I'm done with my dissertation, and return to a 9-5 existence, I'm going to miss weekday afternoon tacos at Big Star.The to-go window is great. Al Pastor.De Panza.De Pescado.Best nine dollars I've spent on tacos, ever. The fish variety was the best of the three as I recollect.  Large strips of fresh, deep fried, aquatic craniate animal. Not fishy either. Big Star doesn't ever seem like a viable option in my mind due to the popularity of the food and the outdoor area. Not sure I would wait in line for it but the to-go window is genius.More like 3.5 stars.I am totally not sure what it is about this place that makes me keep coming back over and over again. It must be the al fresco, loud, bustling and amazing for people watching in the summer. It is like the essence of Wicker Park all rolled into one, which could be a great or terrible thing depending on where your allegiances lie.Tacos for 3 a piece is definitely not cheap at all, but cheap compared to a lot of other hip food locations when added up. Pork belly is usually sorta tough, but the seasoning makes me keep ordering it regardless for some reason. The bar is decent and the tacos are decent. Not the best tacos I've ever had, but definitely pretty darn good. The margaritas have a touch of mezcal and are pretty good (with salt, obviously). The Micheladas are not to be missed (although I always have a hard time finishing them). The best part is that if you get drunk, you are already sitting in front of the ultimate munchies food.I just don't get this place! Yes they have good taco's, but they are just taco's! There are a lot of places that have "good" tacos in Chicago. They have a big outdoor patio, again so do a lot of other places! I guess it is the "see to be seen" place which I could care less about. I don't wait in line anywhere, with the obvious exception of the DMV and I certainly wouldn't do it for a taco! I have seen lines 20 people deep to get in there, even when it is freezing out! That is crazy to me! I don't waste my time and also the decor could not be more boring. They should take some of the crazy amounts of money they are making and buy some art. Oh, and why is it cash only, it's 2014 people, most people don't even carry cash now!Nothing says summer in Chicago like patio dining, margaritas, and loud music, which is what big star is known for. Located in wicker park, it def has a hipster vibe, which is one of my favorite things about it. Aside from their awesome patio and lively bar, the food is amazing as well. I've had a few different types of tacos, which were all so good. The guac and queso are also amaze. The buzz about this place has definitely gotten out, and there is a long wait for patio dining when the weather is nice, so be prepared to wait. Also, they don't take credit cards, so remember to bring cash to avoid the ATM fee.I love and hate big star.  Yes, it's the wait. I despise waiting to eat, and the wait here can be pretty ridic.  Luckily the to-go window is fast so i can get my taco fix there if there's a long wait.  Try the al pastor, fish tacos and the guacamole.Some new, fun things I've tried:- The Walking Taco.  This is a frito-pie, mexican style.  Yes, they literally throw stuff into a mini frito bag. The audacity.- Sunday breakfast truck -- they start at 8am until they sell out, usually around noon. Egg taco is pretty delicious but i think i needed 5 of them. Churros here are more like a churro/donut hybrid.  Guess they jumped on the Cronut bandwagon but decided to make a Chunut. Churrut? Dorro?? Anyway, kinda just tastes like a crueller.not sure what the big hype is of these tacos - we ordered the fish taco (not too bad, a little underseasoned even with the sauce, I've had better), the pastor (pork too dry but enjoyed the pineapple), and the pork belly (the tastiest of the three we had - sauce was good, pork belly not in huge chunks so it doesn't feel like I'm sinking my teeth into just fat). Also ordered the chips which were disappointing. Not really worth the wait if you're not looking to drink here. I suggest ordering from the take out booth if you're not looking to drink here. Would not come back here for tacos. Nice concept and use of an old gas station though :)Love this place and the food always delivered the el pastor and guac phenomenal but the server Meredith was awkward and took for ever for anything that we needed.A big kudos to the runners because our food and appetizers came out  quick also the drinks but anytime we actually needed our server to order new drinks or to get our check we had to get up and get her our selfOk, so I will admit that it's an awesome place with good food, but not good enough to pay their prices for. Then again, I am pretty stubborn about taco prices.I do recommend their walking tacos though. They're a super affordable take on tacos to go by stuffing all the ingredients into a bag of Fritos, and it's so good. Word of Wisdom: Don't go if you can't handle a yuppie crowd or little breathing space.Be prepared to wait. We waited only 25 minutes on Memorial Day. Not bad at all.Chips and guac, wow. I don't like guac at all, but here you can really taste the cilantro and lime. It was great! We also ordered the queso fundido. Cheesy goodness. This was fabulous!Tacos, I had one al pastor (pork shoulder) and one pescado (tilapia). Both were good and flavorful. I would give this place 3.5 stars. Service was pretty good, it was busy, but our server was attentive. My complaint is that they don't have carne asada tacos. That's kind of strange. I wouldn't mind coming back and trying the chicken taco!I'm going to break this review down the way Yelp should already allow "2.8 stars rounded up to 3:Hosts "2 stars": Not very friendly. Not that I need you to kiss my ass but you don't need an attitude.Service "2 stars": Our server seemed annoyed answering our questions. She did however recommend a good margarita. Speaking of the margarita, would it have pained them to fill the glass? I'm not a lush but it was filled a solid inch below the rim which means that at least two employees knew it was not filled properly (the bartender and food runner.) When we asked for our check the server walked past several times without dropping it off. No a big deal until we realize she's over chatting with the aforementioned hosts.Food "4 stars" overall: Salsa de frijol con queso "3 stars" - This was a pork, tomato, and onion dip topped with cheese and served with tortilla chips. It was good, not great. It had a decent flavor and wasn't overly spicy. My friend described it as something you could get at Taco Bell. I happen to like Taco Bell and I have to agree.Taco de papas con rajas "3 stars" - This taco contained potatoes, green chilies, cheese, onion and cilantro. Great flavor and absolutely nothing like Taco Bell! This taco was a bit on the spicy side but not overwhelming. I would recommend it but actually want to try some others next time.Taco de pescado "5 stars" - I did not have this but my lunch mate said it was the best fish taco she has ever had, maybe she will post her own review with more detail. She also had another taco which she didn't comment on.I can't remember the name of my margarita but it was amazing! It had several flavors including cucumber that blended together perfectly for a summer drink. Very refreshing and I would go back just to have another. (just fill it up next time guys).Been my favorite place in all of Chicago for years! If you not want to hang out walk by for the walk-up taco stand!I came here one night because my friend loves this place.  Note- I did not eat, this is purely a nightlife review.  I walked into a high class taco truck?  Reminds me of a college town.. Nothing special about this place, overly packed, and chairs/tables were metal.. reminded me of an upscale trailer site?  Maybe my thoughts would have been pursued if I ate their food, as I hear their tacos are delicious.  However, we grabbed a pitcher of margaritas and downed it fast, as I wanted to get out of there.  I probably won't be back here to kick off the night, but maybe for the tacos.I want them to build one of these in Denver, CO IMMEDIATELY!Awesome atmosphere. I love the super fun, loud, energertic crowd this place brings. The pitchers of margaritas are pricey, but do the trick and are not weak by any means like other places I've drank pitchers from. QUESO FUNDIDO...honestly, most amazing one I've ever had. So flavorful!! Also the Al Pastor tacos were to die for. Come to think of it, everything I ate I wanted seconds of! Will be back here next time I come to Chicago, no doubt about that!I've been going to Big Star since it's opening and have never been disappointed. The atmosphere is very upbeat, but chill, especially in the summer. The tacos are the best in the city! I recommend the pork belly taco and the chicken taco. I also recommend the dulce de leche milkshakes, order the $3 whiskey shot  of the day and add it to the milkshake, it's amazing!!! My boyfriend always likes to try new and crazy whiskey, Big Star never disappoints. They have one of the best selections in the city.Though I love this place, I will say upfront that they are ALWAYS packed (for good reason) so you may wait and you may wait long! I usually put my name in at the front, then search for bar seats. 100% of the time! bar seats become available before tables but I keep trying. Though you may wait long to be seated, the food comes up super quick.Whether you are a local or in town for the first time, you must visit Big Star.Big Star is definitely a great restaurant/bar staple in Wicker Park. The atmosphere is fun and high energy and on a nice day the patio is packed! They are known for their tacos which do not come with sides, and they make a great margarita. Unfortunately the line is also out the door on cold days and they don't take reservations, so you might have to freeze a little for your tacos. If you need your taco fix and don't want to wait, they do have a to-go window. They are a cash only establishment so bring your $$.I realized that they do rotate their menu periodically which can be a good or bad thing. On my first visit here I had the chicken thigh pesto and arugula taco which was THE BEST taco I have ever had. To my dismay it wasn't on the menu the next time I came in which has limited my number of returns.Love this place!  The margaritas are secretly strong and will hit you without notice.  I love love love the guac.  It is really fresh and perfectly seasoned.  I typically stick with the tacos here and none have disappointed me.  Highly recommend this place to anyone!My favorite sit-down taco in all of Chicago. Its really easy t have a good time at this place.Not a huge taco fan, but the meal was fine. More turned off by the waitresses walking around with their handbags on, as if they were about to walk out of the restaurant. Just a little thing.My friends and I can't really stay away from Big Star.  The food is cheap and delicious, and fast.  Fish tacos are amazing.  I can't go without getting at least one of those.  Also, love the vegetarian tostada.Getting seated during busy hours can be a little awful (even with a reservation), but you can at least stand around and drink.  But honestly, my favorite time to go to Big Star is at like 1 am, where we order from the window and eat at the picnic tables.  Best. Drunk. Food. Ever.It is cash only, but if you live in Chicago, that shouldn't be a big deal.It's really closer to 3.5 Stars. I stopped in with a friend for Mid-Day Margaritas and we were really pleased to share a sunny afternoon at a comfy outdoor table.  We ordered a pitcher of Margaritas, which was delicious and a good value. I like to taste the booze in my mixed drinks and this pitcher did not disappoint!We ordered an array of tacos to wash down the cocktails. Unfortunately, the quality of the food did not match the drinks! The tacos were pretty bland, especially the fish taco. I requested salt, there was none on the table, which would be fine, if the food was well-seasoned. The server was pleasant and brought a small container of large grain sea salt. Perfecto! That almost saved the day...almost...We had guac and chips...also blah. And the chips were straight out of the bag, thick, cold, and flavorless. We ordered chips and salsa, which consisted of a large platter of the flavorless chips and we were instructed to use the table condiments as 'the salsa'...NOT COOL. Big Star, invest in a fryer and make fresh, crisp, salty chips (and fresh salsa, too). Your guests will thank you!  Also had the bacon-wrapped hot dog...my best advice...don't do it. The bun was hard and the dog was overworked with too many sauces, beans(?), and stuff. It's also overpriced...it sounds good but, yeah, don't do it...OK, so we wrapped things up at the table and moved to the bar.  This is where Big Star shines! We started with Bourbon on the rocks. It took a minute to get a bartender's attention. But, when we did, we received a healthy pour in a nice glass.  While sipping, I noticed another bartender concocting a cocktail with great care. I really appreciate a mixologist who enjoys his/her craft, and it was clear that this guy knew his stuff and loved his work. I asked what he was making, ordered one, and he presented us with deliciously balanced Bourbon-based Old Fashioneds, perfectly bittersweet! I'll be back soon for good times, great cocktails and bartenders who care!The tacos (fish taco and vegetarian taco) I ordered were delicious true, but the walking taco was a complete mess -- and it's served in a Frito's bag! Ugh. The guac was very good, though, and my friend enjoyed her drink (Paloma). I, on the other hand, thought my margarita was gross -- way too sour.Why go for tacos at a place that serves bad margaritas? I can see the appeal (outdoor seating), but would rather not eat at a loud restaurant with bad margs.Food = 3 starsDrinks = 5 starsTherefore overall rating = 4 starsBig Star has an amazing bourbon selection! I've never seen one like it before. Located next to Wicker Park, it's a great spot to chill out on the patio with bourbon in hand and snacking on tacos.The tacos were just average, nothing to write home about. We tried the taco al pastor, taco de panza, taco de pescado, and taco de pollo.I had the Taco al Pastor, Taco De Pescado and the Walking Taco. Simply, the fish, beef and Frito tacos. All were decent but the only exceptional one was the fish taco, all the flavors were great and the fish was fried perfectly. The group I went with all split a couple rounds of the margaritas, which were also exceptional. Big star also has a really long whiskey list, which is different for a Mexican place so Kudos to themService was so-so, I realize they were really busy(we went in right around the peak of dinner). Waited probably 25 minutes to order food. As far as tacos or tex-mex joints go in the city, there are better places similarly priced. This one just happens to be right in the heart of Wicker park and has an awesome drink list which makes it so popular. Price point I chose was with drinks.Never have I ever been disappointed by tacos...until I went to Big Star. My friend and I got the Salsa de frijol con queso. The chips were delicious-- a subtle taste of lime. The dip was decent. There were no steak tacos on the menu!!! Saddened, I ordered the taco de pollo and the walking taco (an old camping classic). The chicken taco was so tart because of the combination of yogurt, cheese and pickled red onion. Not delicious at all. The walking taco was fractionally better even though it is fritos with a bunch of stuff on it. Tacos of little kids and drunk people. Not meant for sober consumption. I admit I didn't really understand the description when I ordered it. My fault. The staff didn't seem to have assigned sections so every 3 minutes a different person came by to ask if we wanted drinks which was a little too much. Good ambience, delicious chips. Nothing else too positive to say about it.I'm giving this place 3.5 stars. When I'm here, its usually 2 AM on the weekends and I ordering from the window counter with my inebriated friends. This time, I was looking forward to eating at Big Star at a normal dinner time.Came here with my boyfriend at 7 PM on a Wednesday. Super packed as usual. Hostess couldn't give us an estimate wait time because it was "too unpredictable". We gave them our name and cell number and headed over to a bar on Milwaukee for some drinks. It took about 45 min until someone (using a blocked number) called. We were told that a table was available but they could only hold it for 5 min so we hightailed it. Our host got us table in the front patio but also gave us the option to sit closer to the side so it wouldn't be too loud, which was nice.Note that this place is cash only and about 3 tacos + drinks per person should be enough.-Tacos De Pescado - Good, not great.-Al Pastor - Sweet and slightly savory.-Tacos De Panza - My favorite out of the group.-Walking taco - This is served in a tiny Fritos bag. Probably not going to get this again. -Tacos de Pollo - DeliciousI didn't like the wait but the tacos were overall good. The drink selection was excellent, especially bourbon. What's the verdict? Drunk weekend tacos are tastier compared to 45 min wait tacos on a Wednesday evening.Very much a hip bar scene than restaurant. Very loud, difficult to talk. Margs,guacamole and queso were awesome. Tacos were a little too out there for my taste. The chicken one tasted like fish. Actually the fish taco was the best one. The soup many were getting looked great.You can't argue with the food and beverage selection. It's all quality. Does it live up to the hype? Probably.Big Star looks like an Austin restaurant was in search of a new town for the exact same crowd. And crowd is the appropriate term, since you can't shake a flanneled elbow without bumping into a mustachio'd fella. It's almost always too busy for quick service. But you come to Big Star knowing that, since certainly one of your friends has been there before. You come for the quality, and you wait around to be lucky enough to sit outside and people watch in Wicker Park. Is it a great experience? Yes, sans the cash only pain in the ass. Are they THE BEST tacos in the city? No, but they are great. The best would have to be whatever Taco joint is occupying the 800 W Block of Randolph between Au Cheval and Little Goat...currently a place called Hello Tacos. (but this place is seasonal and not as convenient as Big Star)Food is still delicious, the margaritas are deceptively strong and service has drastically improved.  The wait is still long, but at least you can leave your cell number and they'll call you when your table is ready... And the take out window has a much shorter line :)Came here once for a girls night. What attracted me to this place is they are always busy so must mean its a great place!Pros- tacos are good           Price is reasonable           Outdoor seating availableCons- cash only :(Delicious tacos. But skip the loud, bourbon-laden seated area -- get take-away instead and devour it at the picnic tables. The meat was excellent, the sauces were great. The lines were epic -- go at off-peak times or go at your own peril. Just don't sit down.When visiting Wicker Park this weekend, it became apparent that THE PLACE for Mexican food, of which I am a huge fan.We arrived shortly before opening on a Friday and waited behind a larger group. Once they opened, the "bouncer" made it clear he would let them in first because they had arrived first. No big deal, until he started checking IDs and none of them could find theirs. The three of us, standing with ours in hand, had to wait while they dug through their belongings to find them. Not a huge deal, but this should have been a sign.When we were seated, there was literally one other table. Things started to fill out steadily, but given the first-come, first-serve attitude of the bouncer, it seemed like we'd be helped relatively quickly. No. We were not. We waited about 10 minutes to place our drink order, which took another 15 minutes to arrive (and they were just not good, at all). By the time the ONE waitress got around to taking our food order I was about to give up and just ask for the check for the drinks.Honestly, I'm glad we waited because the food is the saving grace of this place. Yes, it is just as good as all the reviews say. Interesting flavor combos, and moderately prices. However, waiting forever while watching everyone around us get served before we even got to order really burned my bacon.My advice? If you must check it out, skip the drinks altogether, order to-go, and sit in the adjacent park. And leave the credit card at home, as it's cash only.I'm not sure a 2-hour wait for a taco is acceptable, but we did it anyway.maybe waiting that long for food is big star's way of saucing you up so you order 534 tacos instead of two.it worked.everything we ordered - guac, queso dip, walking tacos, fish tacos, one million other tacos - was pretty tasty. once you're seated, service is fast and friendly. and... once you're seated, you might as well stay for another two hours to get your money's worth.drinks were good; but watch those margs! you'll feel them the next day.Such a disappointment. We read that when we come to Chicago this is the place to go :(We got the tostada, tacos al pastor, and the pork belly taco.The tostada was flavorless. As well as the pork belly but it wasn't terrible tasting. The al pastor was probably the best. I liked the pineapple.Their tortillas were meh, but I've spoiled with my boyfriends moms tortillasThough for what they lack in quality, they make up for in quantity. The service was friendly quick. If you're in the area go, but don't go out of your way.Though I can see the appeal for drunk foodI LOVE this place!  except it is a pain in the arse to wait 2 hours for a table every time I come here.  luckily there is a walk up window where you can just order your food to go!  they also will take down your number and call you when your table is ready, so that's pretty cool as well.my recommendations for food... tacos al pastor and tacos de panza.  don't order the fish tacos here, they kind of suck.  altho a buddy of mine said they recently got a hell of a lot better.  but you can't go wrong with either of the pork tacos.  yummmm...While waiting for Violet Hour, we went across the street to Big Star to get some tacos and drinks. They had great drink specials but the best thing on the menu were the tacos! There were 6 different kinds but I got the Tacos de Pescado (beer battered tilapia, cabbage, and chipotle mayo) and the Tacos de Panza (Crispy pork belly with queso fresco and tomato guajillo sauce). It was super delicious! I prefered the pescado one over the panza, which I was shocked but I still thoroughly enjoyed both especially since we had waited in the cold forever! I would love to come here during the day and the place was so packed, that it seems like a great place to pregame!Big star has been on my list for so long. Finally got to try it out. Not too impressed. I feel guilty for saying it. Something must be wrong with me. Not sure why everyone rates this place. If you are looking for a  restaurant to chill out and watch hipsters and yuppies in one location, this is it. I also like the outdoor seating (if you can get a table within reasonable amount of time). However the food is a different story. Remember this is in a hispanic neighborhood so if you are looking for better mexican food, there are lots of places nearby.Warning: this review will read like it was written by a schizophrenic. Food:Pro: The tacos are outstanding and originalCon: they are small and expensive. Dining:Pro: The outdoor area is inarguably one of the best in the cityCon: getting a table inside OR outside is a giant pain in the APro: There is a side window at which you can order tacos til late at nightAdvantage Pros. I guess.  Honestly, I've thought about it and I can't come up with a more effective way to rate it.  Most of its pros are balanced out by an equally powerful con.  Which leaves just the existence of that side window where you can order delicious, but small and expensive, tacos til late in the night.  It's obviously better than there not being an option for that, but I don't think it's enough for another star.  I'm giving it 3 stars and sticking with it.Spring is here, for real. How do I know? First patio lunch of the year at Big Star!Food & drinks were quick, service was friendly, patio is still awesome, and (somehow) there was no wait for a table. Everything's comin' up Milhouse!My only qualm: current veggie options are pretty meh, but they make up for it in booze.Strong, amazing margaritas and delicious tacos. Yes, the wait is almost always a little insane (especially in the winter when the patio isn't open), but they'll take your phone number and call you when you're up which is a huge perk. Do not make the mistake of not ordering guacamole, trust me.I've heard really great things about this place so I was stoked to finally check it out.  We arrived at about 7:00 pm on a Saturday and the place was packed to the grills.  We hoped this meant that the food really did live up to the hype.  Sadly, we were really disappointed.   Food:  Started with chips and guac.  Chips were fantastic.  A little warm with the right amount of  lime and salt.  Guac was average.  Next up was fish taco, al pastor, al rajas, and the hot dog.  I liked the size (small meant room for more!) but they weren't worth it.  The fish taco was a little too fishy and bland.  The rajas was so spicy you couldn't taste the potatoes or anything else on it.  The pork on the pastor was dry and flavorless.  The hot dog itself was ok but the bun was way too big and messy.    Service:  We were seated within 5 minutes of arriving.  This was amazing because we came at the peak dinner hour and the place was swimming with people.  This plus however was counteracted with the 15-20 minute wait to see our server and order drinks.  I understand that it was busy but her area of tables wasn't that large.  I can get with a 10 minute wait but anything over 15 minutes just rubs me the wrong way.  On a positive note, once we did order food and drinks, both came out fairly fast.  Ambience:  Very hipster and very loud.  Honestly I'm not that old but the volume level of this place and amount of leather leggings, chunky glasses, and jean jackets was all too much for me.  Were our expectations too high?  Maybe.  I think when it comes to Mexican food it is just best to stick to the simple taco with no fancy schmancy add ons.  From now on, I'll probably head to Pilsen for some more authentic and less trendy eats.We went here on a Saturday night at 7 and they were at capacity. Took about 15 minutes to get in and then we were told it could be 2 hours for a table for 4. We headed to the bar and got a pitcher of margaritas. We got about 6 out if it, so definitely the way to go if you are with a group. After about an hour we decided to just eat at the bar. Food was good as were the margaritas. 3 hours later we got a text that our table was ready... Moral of the story, don't expect to get a table.Solid taco place. Good for late nights when you're out in Wicker Park. Lines can be excruciating, which is always a drag, but their outdoor seating is perfect if you just want to crash and eat. Given its central location, definitely a place to try.This is really a comfort place for me. I have been coming here for years and I am a big fan of the food. you MUST get the queso fundido, sonoran hot dog(polish sausage), and the fish tacos. It is a bit pricey for tacos for me, but im paying for the vibe that comes with the food 8)Been wanting to get here for awhile...finally went.I was happy it was a monsoon outside right before we headed over there because it wasnt CRAZY busy when we walked in.First, its a super hipster spot.  Fine.  I could care less.  I like the space, but it is LOUD in there.  Be prepared to use 35 inch voices to your friend that is 10 inches away.Second, service is fine.  Not crazy attentive, but was always checking on us.Thrid, the food.  YUMMY!  and I dont know who is complaining that its expensive because it is CHEAP!  $2-5 for tacos, guac was $8, huge hot dog for $7.Its not like this place needs another review on the food.  Its great.  We tried everything on the menu...seriously.Fundido-get it.  Cheesy, mess that is deliciousGuac-so fresh and you can tell homemadePotato taco-so freaking goodWalking taco-delishPastor-YUP!Pork belly-they know how to do it right.  I have steered away from pork belly because very few places actually know how to cook it right.  Here is was crispy and amazing.Fish-lime and sauce make itSalsa frijioles or something-looks like dog food but tastes delishOverall, its a great spot.  Next time hopefully we will be able to enjoy the patio :)Really phenomenal food!  Just loved the tacos.  I was there for lunch so didn't imbibe in their famous margaritas.  The waitress and bartender were super-friendly.I'd definitely come back again.Big Star is the popular kid's mansion with parents away for the weekend and your invitation is as good as expendable.Watch this clip and understand: youtu.be/ssjpaQTnVmY?t=1…People may condsider Big Star the trendy place to go resulting in taco instagramin' the sh!t out of your plate. People may judge Big Star as a total venue breast feeding a scene of large black eye glasses, tattoos and beards.Will the tacos de panza have you at first bite...YES!Will the tacos de pescado in all their chipotle mayo have you at second bite...YES!Will the Michelada Tecate w/ a salted rim, lime & salsa win you over...YES!Well like my good pal Jack Burton always said at a time like this..."Oh what the hell".I really enjoyed my first visit to Big Star. The staff was friendly, I dug the atmosphere sitting over by the bar area, and was amazed when I saw the awesome prices for so many different a la carte tacos. I went with one pescado (fish) and one pork belly. The fish taco was the better of the two, really good. I washed them down with a couple Three Floyds drafts, and the experience was complete. I based my rating on my first visit, and will be back, but I will say that I could see dropping a star if the stories about summer crowds prove to be true.I really like this place and have been many times between opening and now. This place gets a weird amount of heat for not being "authentic" for whatever that means. People get ideas about how things need to be and spend too much time getting in the way of their own happiness. But enough about that.Food = solid. Drinks = supper solid.The Taco De Panza was my go to taco for the longest time. Uncomplicated and flavorful. I ate so many I actually burnt out on them. Shortly thereafter they introduced the fish taco (Pescado) which I love. Has a nice slightly spicy mayo that keeps it interesting. They recently changed the type of fish and it's basically the same, possibly a little better.The chips and guac are always satisfying but the pinto bean dip is amazing. The walking taco is fun but you need to be in the mood for that kind of thing.The Big Star margarita is the best marg I've had. Not the typical cheesy poolside concoction that gives this drink a bad name but rich and smokey and makes you pucker.Favorite time to go is lunch on a nice day. It can get very busy at night, especially on the weekends. This is where it gets dinged a star because they don't always manage the wait well. They've been open long enough to know how their nights go. Sometimes they're on it. Sometimes they're aren't.Definitely the best tacos I've had in Chicago.There's going to be a wait - it took about 30 minutes to get a table at 2pm on a Saturday - but once you're seated, the service is fast. Everything we had was fantastic - the taco con papas (potatoes in a delicious red sauce), taco de pescado (fried battered catfish), taco de pollo (chicken in a tasty green sauce), and the tostada de calabecita (pile of roasted veggies on a crispy tortilla). We also loved the red and green salsas, served in squeeze bottles, and the amazing (and potent) margarita.A special note for the grilled jalapenos - they're good, but they're SPICY. It's rare that I have trouble handling the spiciness of restaurant food, and these blew me away.Our server was also happy to let us keep ordering food, so we could have our tacos brought out a few at a time, which I liked.As far as I can tell, the only downside to this place is the wait. I factored that out of my rating because I knew full well going in to expect it. The host takes down your phone number, so you're able to wander off into Wicker Park or get a drink at the bar until your table is ready.I've really wanted to love this place.  Right in my old neighborhood, tons of outdoor seating, Schlitz on tap.  And tacos.  A quick peek at my taqueria review list should show you how much I love tacos.  And  I love the taco options, especially pork belly and goat.  But after quite a few times back here, due to much of the above, I just can't rate it higher than a 3. I won't even knock points for the fact that it's a perpetual 1+ hour wait no matter when you want to eat in.  The tacos have just been consistently dry and in the bottom 25% of what I've had in the city.  The only exception would be the pork belly, which I'd rate higher and still hits the spot on a hot day walking through Wicker Park.  But if you really want great tacos, you're in the wrong spot.I do not know what people are talking about? This place is not too bad on price. I am happy with a Shiner Bock that is $3 and a shot of Four Roses Whiskey for $3 and a taco. The atmosphere makes me even more happy, especially in the Summer. I just got back to Chicago after being away for ao long and I was in heaven when I would spend my early afternoons here. I got really drunk with my cousin here one hot summer  day and because it was a cash bar, I lost track and thought we had taken care of the tab already. Well when I came back the next day, the bartender said that we split on him. I said I did not do it on purpose and gave him the money I owed, which came out of the bartender's pocket the night before and I gave him a nice tip. He was very professional about it. I will try this place again and again and again because it makes me a happy camper everytime that I go.Sunday before Memorial Day is tough.  It's a second Saturday.  People clamor to various watering holes on a night typically reserved for prepping for the work week.  Beware the second Saturday, people.Imagine waiting in line for 45 minutes.  In the drizzle. With one of your friends coming off a full work shift with no food.  Now, imagine rejoicing to have your your name called, only to feel crushing disappointment because you were, in fact, waiting to have your name put on a second waiting list for inside the establishment.  Which is not drizzly, but as loud as any rock concert you'll ever hear.  There's no place to sit, so you stand there with your drink and get in everyone's way.  And you get hungrier and drunker and more annoyed and more deaf with each passing minute.  All 75 of them.  After two hours of waiting, you're seated, and soon after, your order's taken.  Soon after that, the food comes out.  Cold.  The pork belly taco is bland, but it gives you a nice vehicle for the delicious salsa verde.  The guac is good.  Keep eating that.  The fish taco is cold and chewy (?), but more flavorful than the pork belly taco.  The tortillas are actually pretty good.  Then, less than five seconds after putting your fork down, someone on staff comes to take your plate away. You tell them to back off.  It's the principle of it, really. You have the right to sit there for a ridiculous period of time, too! Damn it!Hell, you just pay your bill and get out of there. Enough, already.As you walk out, marvel at how the servers were actually pretty nice throughout the epic ridiculousness.  The saving grace, besides the salsa verde and the guac, is the company you keep.  If you go to Big Star on a drizzly second Saturday, be sure to take awesome friends.  That will neutralize all the bullshit.  Before posting, I read reviews of other Yelpers.  Yikes! I can't believe how many other reviewers also waited two hours.  Hey, Big Star, enough with the two-hour waits!  That's a problem worth fixing.Big Star is one of my favorite places in Chicago, so this review will largely be very positive, with a few exceptions. Any time I have visitors come to Chicago, this is one of the first places I think of bringing them, as we can enjoy great food, drinks, and music - the visitors I bring here are never disappointed. First, the food:Taco de Panza - my personal favorite. The pork belly is marinated perfectly and delicious. Queso fresco and onion are good toppings.Pastor Taco - delicious as well, juicier than the Panza, and also sweeter due to the bits of pineapple.Rajas Taco - the "meat" of this taco is potato that is spiced very nicely. The spices are hot, and this is one of the heavier tacos, but I love it. I don't think this one would be for everybody.Pollo Taco - fall-apart chicken stewed in a creamy tomatillo/poblano sauce, topped with picked onion. Taste is more subtle, but this one is also quite good.Guacamole with chips - delicious, creamy, heavy on the lime. Tortillas are warm, crunchy, and nicely salted. We almost always start with this.Queso Fundido - melted chihuahua cheese with poblano peppers and chorizo mixed in. A very unhealthy item, but it is also very delicious (the usual relationship). Chorizo and cheese are strong flavors that manage to work very well together.Walking Taco - not that good. A bag of Fritos with refried beans and a big handful of shredded cheese thrown in there. Very cheap at $2, but it felt like I was handed a chip bag that mostly contained shredded cheese.Getting a table - not easy. At peak times, at least a 1.5 hour wait. If you're lucky, you can get a few seats at the bar, or eat at a barrel. This is unfortunate, but the place is very popular, so not much can be done about this.Service - surprisingly good for such a busy place. Wherever you choose to sit or stand, a server will be with you to take your order for food or drinks. They seem to run a very efficient operation. The cash only policy should be changed.Drinks - good deals on beer and whiskey ($5 for beer and shot, for example). Excellent selection of whiskey, small but decent selection of draft beer. Margaritas also very good.Overall, an excellent place to go with friends for delicious food and a great selection of drinks. 5 stars.One of my favorite Chicago restaurants. Best taco's I've ever had.Okay, last update. After traveling to BS a number of times, you start to notice how inconsistent the food can be. For example, I got the pork belly 3 weeks ago and it was one of the best tacos I've ever eaten. I got it twice over the last 2 weeks and it went from good to down right awful. The pork ranges from nice and tender to tough like it's been sitting around for a few hours. My jaws literally started hurting after chewing through one last week.Another example is a mate ordered a chicken taco and it was half full. I ordered one and it had twice as much filling. The dulce de leche milkshake can be nice and creamy one week to icey and cheap tasting the next. You may have a taco with some ingredients missing from when you had it before. And why the hell is the chicken taco $4?I recently went on a Wednesday and our waitress was horrible. She came over after me and my party had been seated for 15 minutes and asked "when did you guys sneak in?" We didn't sneak in, you just haven't been in the area since we got here! She then commenced to screwing up our order twice, bringing drinks 15 minutes after ordering them and refusing to check in to see if we needed anything. She also had an attitude because a friend who came late didn't know she was our server and said "out waitress hasn't been around in a while, can we order from you?"At one point BS was the big guy in town. With so many taco spots opening up in the area they might want to get their act together.First of all, let me start this off by admitting that I am Mexican and therefore have a high expectation for restaurants that claim they are such. The Al Pastor basically does not taste anything like the real thing. The whole point is that the meat is supposed to be slightly spicy. Not only is this whole taco sweet because of the pineapple, but the meat generally taste nothing like al pastor.The stomach taco was just eh. Ok. It was generally pretty bland because of a lack of seasoning but it tasted more like an actual taco than the previously mentioned. The margarita was WAY too strong making it unenjoyable. I asked them to put more juice in it which made it better but more sour. My favorite part of the meal was the chips. The salsa was not spicy enough.My friend (also Mexican) barely picked at her tacos.Plus, $4 for a taco? Seriously? I can buy real tacos for $1.50.Most likely will not go back unless it's against my will. **The waiter was SUPER niceThe tacos at the order-up window are distinctly gringo and decidedly delicious.  Priced like a taqueria, but accompanied by an actual vegetable.  Yay, for shredded cabbage.  But Big Star: take a simple step against garbage and quit packing a million tiny plastic cups of salsa into my bag. Just put out bottles instead. The Big Star taco truck made an appearance as dinner-provider for a wedding recently  and the results were just silly.  Wait through a two-hour "cocktail hour" for dinner, only to get in line behind 100 starving relatives, many of them elderly, while the Beautiful People of taco heaven gaze down upon your hunger from their four-wheeled perch.  But the strangest part was the Taco People's sense of timing in serving up food.  With the menu (which was posted around the wedding venue) limited to 3 items, and no variance in each except the potential elimination of, say, the sauce, there is really no "ordering" to be done.  Just walk up and take a taco or six.  Plus, no money transaction was taking place.  So you'd think that procuring food would be a fairly speedy process, right? If you answered yes, you have failed to factor-in the Big Star "experience."  Your artesian taco is hand-crafted, highly personalized, and made with love...if identical to the hundreds before it.  So as you approach the pearly food truck gates, prepare for a server interaction that is all of curious, flirtatious, sincere, and slow.   It may be a full five minutes before a single red-white paper dish reaches your hands, but don't deny it: you did enjoy the server looking deeply into your eyes and really, truly caring about you for the minute they took your order before gingerly sprinkling the shredded cabbage of love upon your gift.  When hunger drives you back repeatedly throughout the night,  do not worry.  You will survive, and even learn to love, the Big Star taco truck experience, just as 100 of your great aunts and uncles did before you.So I hear people come here to get drunk, but I only ever seem to end up here after I already am drunk, and looking for some grub. And this place doesn't disappoint. The Tacos, while on the smaller side, are delicious. But I always go for the item that seems most forgotten about on their menu: The Sonoran hotdog. It packs a flavorful, albeit messy punch. I go for this bacon-wrapped wonder everytime. It may be the best hotdog I've had in Chicago so far. Oh and they're togo window in front is super convenient for passing drunks like me.Ah crud!  I'm a texan and by that makes my standard on tacos pretty high.  Usually I get some cruddy tacos with cruddy salsa and a bunch of cruddy chips.  NOT FOR ME.  Some places in the chicago their salsa made in (new york city).NEW YORK CITY??!?!?!?!Its the dumb city salsa thats made out of rodents, bad peppers, sea salt and crud (THANKS OBAMA)I tried tthe tacos, pork belly, asada and fish, they were out of the usual fish and replaced it with some cruddy other kind of fish.  So they get four stars but the rest of em were good.  So they get a pretty good not cruddy review.  The one thing, is duder, the owner, I don'tt know his name so I'm gonna say his name is Tony Pajama Rocknroll Pastapants (Or TPRP)I'll also say for the sake of liability that anyone named Tony Pajama Rocknroll Pastapants or for anyone resembling a Tony Pajama RocknRoll Pastapants is completely coincidental and does not resemble real life.  So the bacon wrapped hotdog.  Mr.  Pastapants, I like bacon.  I like hot dogs.  I like your style and for you and Mrs. Pastapants, I'd get a christmas card or a fruit basket or some other crud around the holidays but seriously that thing looks like if someone stuffed Queen Latifah inside another Queen Latifah and dipped it in refried panda diarrhea.  But other than the Panda express (hehehe) the food was good.Legendary.I was dragged here by my very attractive date last night - this place is legit.BigStar reminds me of a place in Seattle (yelp.com/biz/poquitos-se…).BigStar gets a +1 for offering the WalkingTaco - one of the pillars of my food pyramind, back in grade school.WALK UP TACOS. MMMMMMMMM!!! BEST IN THE CITY. Seriously! I'd heard good things and have biked past this place so many times. Finally I strolled up and ordered two potato tacos. $6 for fast ball of delicious Tex-Mex? Yes please!CASH ONLY!Went in on a saturday afternoon. The place was brimming with people but got a seat at the bar. Ordered the margarita - it was made with mezcal. the bartender had made an honest effort. i liked it.Food - got the al pastor - absolutely fantastic. never had a better al pastor. the pork was in thin strips, well marinated almost had a fried texture. only slightly acidic. flavors greatly boosted by the pineapple pieces. the fish tacos was good as well - because of the chipotle mayo. the fish was i think whitefish fried in batter. topped with shredded lettuce.the pork belly tacos - it was good. but if i had to rate them in order - my least favorite. i did love the ample amount of cheese on it.got the pickled veggies - gave me something to munch on between tacos. in all a great place for $3 tacos.Went to a vintage bazaar some place up north and they were a vendor there. I saw a few beers in the kitchen so whoever was cooking the food was really hooking it up. I believe because of that, the Al Pastor tacos I sampled were on point.     This prompted me to go to the actual restaurant. At the restaurant, the al pastor tacos didn't taste the same. The meat wasn't juicy or succulent. I also tried the chicarron tacos which were decent, and the fish tacos in beer batter and I forgot the name of the mayo they put on it, but they were good.   I'm glad I got there a little early because the line started to go out the door a few minutes after I arrived. No better than the hole in the walls I frequent or prefer but decent. Maybe they should let the cooks in the actual restaurant drink beer too and not just at events.One last thing. For the price of that guacamole it should taste a lot better than that. Had way to much lime and not enough love and I do mean love.So yes it is a great place in the summer but you must wait in line on Fridays and Saturdays - too many people there. But once you have access you will enjoy the cocktails (basics), the beer (local) and the tacosIt is a 5 star if you have a seat in the summer but that isn't as easyBig Star is pretty great! My first time going here I had high expectations and they were definitely met. We walked in and put our name down for a table (they don't tell you how long for a table, which really doesn't bother me) but decided to walk in and try to grab a seat around the bar. The place was packed on a Friday night. We ordered a pitcher of margarita while we waited for a table. They were SO tasty. Very strong and tart. I was content even before having the tacos. We decided to eat at the bar because after an hour there was still 12 tables ahead of us.... no big deal though.We ordered queso fuendido which had some green chilies in it and chorizo, it was really really good. The guacamole was good too.I tried a fish taco, the potato taco and the chicken taco. All nothing short of outstanding. The waiter was so nice and extremely attentive for how busy it was. I will be back very soon!This review is based on my one bad experience, that occurred this past Saturday, 12/29/12. I don't care how good the food is supposed to be-, i'd rather eat bad food and be treated well, than eat good food and treated poorly. Shame on this place.I was with 4 others when we walked over to this establishment at around 7:30,8pm. The place was packed. As we approached the door, the manager/host/owner/pompous jerk opens it quickly and shouts at us "WE ARE AT CAPACITY. NO MORE PEOPLE ALLOWED IN!" He didn't even say "hello" or "how may I help you" or "good to see you, would you mind waiting a second before I get to you?". So we waited in the foyer area a few minutes for him to say something to us. Not only were we waiting, but the same man who shouted at us was literally holding the door  in place with all of his might so no one could get in. REALLY? You are holding the door closed so fellow patrons can't come in (it was 20 degrees outside too). It was like he was some bouncer at a club- only cool people allowed in.After assuming that jerk manager would let us in after a few minutes, one member of my party politely knocks on the door to ask the man how long the wait would be for a table to open up for 5 people. The man replies "I would say an hour, hour and a half"- This after we had been waiting for 20 minutes already. He had seen us waiting there the entire time.We stormed out. You can take your trendy Wicker Park "Mexican food" and shove it right up your A** Big Star! You are not worth it! You are certainly not cool enough to treat people this way.I come from LA, where we have better, more authentic, Mexican restaurants than Chicagoans can ever dream of! Ever! And we are treated there like we are part of the familia, like we are actually respected as patrons who want to enjoy some food and margaritas.While I am still urging to find that place in Chicago that offers the mind blowing, authentic Mexican restaurant experience I've been yearning for, you can bet I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO BIG STAR AND I WILL ENCOURAGE ALL OTHERS TO DO THE SAME.Love this place, especially if you can get there early enough to get a seat at the bar. My wife and I love taking people from out of town here. The fish tacos here are just to die for. The pork belly tacos are awesome as well, the rest of the tacos are good as well, but they aren't as good as the fish and pork belly, so we pretty much just get those two. The biggest downside is that they are cash only, but they do have an ATM. The margarita pitchers are expensive, but they are good as hell, and worth the money.So, I won't take away that these are pretty tasty tacos, but I'm torn....it seems like with the amount of yelp reviews that I would have some kind of mind blowing tacos....but really all they are is pretty good tacos.Had the fish taco, the pork belly, the chicken and the pulled pork.  Fish taco was best.  Too easy to do at home... get a corn tortilla, some cilantro and sirracha mayo..$1 Schlitz on the other hand, I'm all in  :)P.s-to the bartender that just said "no" when my husband asked for a bloody mary (he saw the red concoction everyone seemed to be drinking) GET A CLUE!  Sheesh, tell me that there are no bloody mary's but a drink very similar with tomato juice and beer that everyone has!!!!!Pretty good food for cheap. They have shot deals for every day of the week. Waitstaff = major attitude issues though. This wasn't just one person either, they all have some serious attitude problems. It was quite bizarre.I adore Big Star. Just give me some of their fish tacos and a yummy whiskey/ginger beer cocktail...and i'm a happy camper! Gina is my favorite bartender and my boyfriend and I brave the hour-long wait on the weekends to specifically see her. The only reason I took off one star is because of the clueless hostesses. No matter how many times I have been there, the girls are not very polite and seem completely overwhelmed. Maybe a better system needs to be put into place? Once you are seated, though, you will be in complete heaven.Delicious! Went with my mom and it was really fun atmosphere with great food at good prices. The tacos are small,so we were suggested ordering 2-3 per person. We ended up ordering 4 tacos, a tostada, and chips. This was too much food for us and had to take some to go. The chicken and pork tacos are really delicious, and the tostada is vegetarian so that's a good way to go too! nachos comes plenty, you could share one order with four people. the chips were so crispy and lightly fried, and just enough sea salt.we also ordered one beer, and the total was $26, great prices!I desperately wish Big Star wasn't so far away from the Southwestern suburbs. I often catch myself thinking about their pork taco.... so ..far... away...This place is busy! Like lines out the door busy. Luckily there's an outdoor area to grab your food and run and benches to eat outside. The pork and fish tacos are ridiculously good.This is my favorite place in Chicago. Every time I have friends come and visit I bring them here. Their tacos are delicious and either need to be paired with a Tecate w/ lime or whiskey. You'll definitely get a pretentious vibe from 90% of the patrons but just keep your head down and  try not to make eye contact with anyone.Kinda torn between 3 and 4 stars. Reasons why it would tip towards either way:Pro:- Best fish tacos ever- Chicken tacos have pineapple- Mexican hot chocolate. +++- Open very late at night- Atmosphere at nightCon:- $3/taco?? That's literally more than twice what you'd pay at a small Mexican joint- Chicken tacos have pineapple??- Atmosphere during the dayDecember Supper Club at Big Star was a four-star success, even though it was a Monday and we still had an hour wait for a table. Service at the bar was good. Service at the table was just so-so. Also the beer pours could be a little more generous. Cash only is also a big pain. As far as the food, I was very satisfied. For apps we had guac and queso fundito. I was disappointed with the tortillas that came with the fundito. They were a little cold and didn't seem fresh. The queso and guac had good flavor. I had pescado, pastor and walking tacos. I really enjoyed all with the walking taco being the standout. Hubby had the chicken and pork belly. He would have taken a pass on the chicken.This is one of my favorite taco joints in the city. Here's the run down: Pros-* Great guac and chips* Great tacos* Three dollar shots of whiskey everyday* Great selection of whiskey and beers on tap* Outdoor seating is awesome during the winter* Dog friendly* They stay open til lateCons-* It's a hit or miss with the bouncer/waiter/waitress/bartender. Sometimes you get so much attitude that it makes me question why I keep giving them business. Every week.* Cash only (which it's compensated by their price point)* It's always packed and sometimes the wait is ridiculously long... I guess that's a symptom of their success* I do love their records but I'm not a big fan of countryOverall, I bring my friends here for good food, good drinks, good deals, good times. If they cool it on the 'tude, I'd give them 5 stars.VIBE I know the rave reviews and it DID NOT disappoint! Not as large as I thought it would be - space wise - but bright and airy interiors works. Though the weather was grim on my visit, the patio looks amazing and I can see how this place is constantly crowded. For a traveler - it's right across the street from Damen Station. Sweet! I ATE/DRANKIt's all about the queso fundido. GAT DAMN wow! Peppers and cheese - bring it on! Worth that 7 minute wait. Fish taco was VERY solid and I was comfortably full after both dishes. The margarita was STRONG and boozy. Very impressed. The staff here know what they're doing. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK 5 stars for Big Star!Good tacos, not so good business model. Last week, we met my friends at Big Star on a very busy Saturday night around 630. We knew the wait would be pretty long, and they weren't able to give us a specific time. After an hr, we got pretty hungry and ended  up ordering from the to go window and eating at a table next to the patio. This was a great life choice, we  couldnt drink alcohol but that was fine. We then left and went to two dive bars in wicker park. At 10 PM, we received the text that our table was ready.... the tacos were good, but not good enough for a 3 and a half hr wait, that is ridiculous. the problem seems to be that people like to drink margaritas on the patio, so theres not alot of table turnover. I liked the restaurant, but was definitely not worth that long a wait. More hype than payoff, but Im giving it three stars bc they have a to go window and the tacos were fresh and tasty.Well, almost 1500 reviews later I figured I'd share my thoughts on Big Star:HOT DAMN! An absolute go-to whenever I have people in from out of town. I've eaten here so many times I've lost count; both at the pick-up window and inside. I've gone shoulder-to-shoulder at the bar, enjoyed some sun on the patio, got snuggly in a booth, and even leaned up against the banister just to have a drink and down some tacos. I have attempted to get something in addition to the tacos in my most recent visits and I have yet to be disappointed. Jalapenos, solid. Queso fundido, slammin. Guacamole, off-the-chain. And I don't use "off-the-chain" lightly. Truth be told, I've never used that expression until now. You may have to wait, especially as it gets later into the night but suck it up. Always worth the wait.You've read some great things about this "Violet Hour" place and after braving the horrors of the blue line, you got off the train and after finding out about the wait there found your way across the street to Big Star, because hey, who doesn't like tacos?Here's where I have problems, friend.  I've eaten a taco or two in cities closer to the border, past the border, and all points in between in my short two centuries on this earth.  So I think I have some experience with tacos. More so, I think I have some idea of what to expect in a "gringo" sort of Mexican restaurant (not enough Norteño).  Things I don't typically see: bizarre salsas (which are rather bland hot sauces in squeeze bottles), very little tequila, and a weird look when I asked for a Chelada.  No matter, I'm perfectly happy with a Lone Star (and the bartender was shocked when I asked for the cap) and the whiskey special that day, the acceptable (and nothing more) light spice of Old Overholt.I say "light spice" as a rather poor way of foreshadowing all of the food at Big Star: not spicy.  Again, with my extensive taco experience (I've had at least two "Taco Supremes") I was a bit disappointed with my $4 a pop al pastor tacos.  First off,  I have read the origin story of Big Star (Mr Pedro Ordonez) and how he came from the DF (Mexico City) and missed the taste of a genuine Al Pastor taco when he was in med school, so he opened up Big Star.  Well he really must have missed it because these tacos taste nothing like Al Pastor tacos I've bought for change in Mexico, from late night windows in Denver and LA, and generally in any city or place in or near Mexico. Maybe he's marinating the meat okay (meh, I couldn't taste the guajillo if it was there), but usually the pineapples you get on your Al Pastor don't taste like the one it was cooked with.  Usually you get fresh onions and some cabbage (not on these puppies).  And in the DF and anywhere else that actual ex-pat Mexicans live in droves, you're going to get them on corn tortillas.  (If you're going to use flour tortillas at least use the kind made with lard, not the ones that yuppies smear Nutella on... I am one of those yuppies, FWIW.)But Big Star is a rebel and assumes you know nothing about tacos (they don't either).  Big Star with their bland sauces (what about some El Yucateco Habenero?  That stuff is a dollar from a bodega in any Southwest city), gross salsa, and crowds of faux-hipsters and old dudes in pony tails.  Big Star with the poor service and blah atmosphere.Oh well.  I guess if you're in Chicago and you must have a taco... you should drive out to Lawndale because these tacos suck.Big Star is very popular, and I think it is for good reasons.  The place has good food, good drinks, and good service.  As far as I'm concerned that makes a great restaurant.I came here at 6pm tonight (Saturday) for a birthday dinner with 8 girls.  I was surprised that there was already an 1.5 hour wait at 6pm, and that they were at capacity.It didn't take us very long to get inside, where we were able to stand around the bar drinking until our table was ready.  The bartender was quick with drinks.There are large booths here, which was good since we had a large group.  We fit all 8 of us snugly in the booth.I may be too old for places like this because I thought it was too loud.  We ordered chips and guacamole and plantains as appetizers.  The guac was very good.  I wasn't a fan of the plantains, but I only like sweet plantains not fried ones, so that is not Big Star's fault.Our server seriously had her shit together.  She didn't even blink an eye when at least 4 of us ordered food without dairy.  (And even more amazing, when I ordered the potato taco with no cheese and the fish taco, she told me there was mayo on the fish taco and asked if I wanted it without mayo.  I love when servers catch hidden dairy in things and let me know.  It means they are awesome).While the server did a fabulous job taking our order, the delivery of the food is a bit odd.  They bring out all of the similar tacos on the same plate, rather than bringing each person a plate with their food.  That was a bit harder for us since we had 1 vegan at the table, 1 person who doesn't eat dairy or pork, 2 that don't eat dairy but eat all meat, and 4 that eat everything.  Our orders were obviously a giant pain in the ass.  It would have been a whole lot easier if the orders were served as ordered.  But then again, maybe most people aren't as difficult as I am.  But it was annoying because I ate a pork taco thinking it was a potato taco.The guacamole and the fish taco were my favorite.  Someone else had the beet tostado and loved that.  I wish I had ordered that because it looked really good.They have Mexican coke and Mexican fresca.  Mexican freca is awesome, everyone should try it!Warnings:Cash Only (they have an ATM inside)It's dark insideIt's loud insideDo you like waiting 50 minutes for a table and paying twice as much for mediocre Mexican food? Well then big star is your place!The wait staff is condescending. The bouncer made me cry because he was so rude over a miscommunication between him and the hostess. Food took forever, beers cost way too much. Call me square, but I'll take a dive bar or a hole in the wall authentic Mexican place any day over this pretentious, over-hyped, over-priced hipster hell-hole. Will not return!I have been back countless times since my first review and have loved Big Star up until Saturday night. I still do love their tacos, just not their customer service. We were quoted 45 minutes for a table at 6pm. We didnt sit until after 8 PM and we found the host to be incredibly condescending when we asked about our table and how much longer the wait would be. The bartender serving us, wouldnt even look at us when we tried to order drinks for her and I dont think I saw her crack a smile ONCE. She might have melted had she tried. When we finally did get seated, the only upside was our food came out at lightening speed. And of course, the tacos were delish. I suggest on a weekend, if you're in the mood for Big Star tacos, hit up the take out window. Way less stress and hassle of trying to get a table....Ordered some tacos to go. I love that they have a take-out window on the right side since the line for a table was out the door. We waited about ten minutes for 5 tacos. Al Pastor was hands down my favorite. The grilled pineapple added the perfect amount of sweetness. That alone is worth going back for. I was less impressed with the Taco de Panza, mainly because it had the word "crispy" in the description and was not even the slightest bit crispy. The flavors didn't blow me away either. Boyfriend liked his chicken tacos. I had a bite -- they were alright.Final verdict? It's not a "must try" and I don't see myself getting random intense cravings for this place, but for $3 per taco, I'm sure I'll find myself dropping by for an Al Pastor once in awhile on my way home from the Blue Line.Big Star's got a lot going for it. Sweet outdoor area? Yup. Walk-up taco window? You know it.  Exquisite food options on the cheap? Sure thing.If you want delicious tacos, delicious beers and delicious atmosphere, Big Star will not be one to disappoint. This local establishment treats guests to the finest street foods south of the border.  I've been here on a few occasions to try the multiple, purposely limited menu options and have yet to be disappointed.The tacos are literally some of the best in the city and are only about $3 a pop.  So if you want to test out your appetite with a few beers, you can do so quickly, easily and with plenty of variety.My only complaint? They fall in to the dreaded "small beer glass" club. I just don't get why it's becoming so trendy to give you less beer for the same amount of money. It's like some restaurants all get together like classic movie villains and determine every year to make beer glasses smaller and smaller whilst twirling their over-sized mustaches.  I just want a pint of beer with my delicious taco.  I wonder if they would frown upon me bringing my own?  Although you probably wouldn't be able to tell with the over-sized mustache and all...Overall, Big Star's a great place with great food.  Lines can get kind of long in the summer months (reference "sweet outdoor area" above), but if you get there early enough and/or you're willing to wait, you'll be able to enjoy some great food in the heart of Wicker Park.I can see why people would like this place, decor, and how the bar is set up with outdoor seating etc. We were stuffed and could not eat or try the tacos. but we've heard they were to die for good.  Bartenders were not attentive at all on a Sunday night. It was quiet too so i don't understand what was with the non-attentiveness. I'm giving them 3 stars for now for it's potential, when I come back to chicago, I'll give this place another chance to earn a higher score in my book.At first I was apprehensive: 3 dollars for a taco is borderline immoral, coming from several years in LA. But these babies set my mind straight. I only grabbed a couple tacos and ran, so I can't speak at all to the bar side of this establishment, but they were incredible. The meat was transcendent, well spiced and had just the right mix of fat and meat. Little elements like the queso fresco on the panza and the pineapple mixed in with the pastor gave each one some additional character beyond "meat, onion, cilantro on a tortilla."A lot of my love comes from tripping across this place at about 1 AM. With no lines and excellent tacos, I left a very happy man.As if Big Star needs another five star review. The only problem with this place is the crazy long wait for a patio table. You can, however, wait at the bar with a delicious on the rocks margarita. The patio is a much sought after dining/drinking stable for the summer. I'd recommend arriving as early as possible and if the patio spot is acquired, keep it for the rest of the night. The staff is friendly enough, and the decor is nothing inspired but still relaxing and fun with large booths and friendly, open atmosphere. This is a great place to share a pitcher with girlfriends.The food is awesome as well. While I am a vegetarian and only go for the potato tacos (which are beyond excellent), I've had multiple friends attest to the amazing other options on the menu. A+This place was la bomba!!!!This review is for the walk-up window not the sit down restaurant inside. Super casual, fast, inexpensive, all from a window, amazingness. Everything was great, the Hot Dog, Tacos Al Pastor, the Fish Taco and the Potato Taco all had a great flavor. In Denver we have a place called Chubby's been there for years, they have a similar concept, I may fly one of their crew to Chicago to figure out how to do it right.Wow, I had NO idea Big Star got busy like it did. It was a Saturday afternoon around 1 pm and there was a 90 minute wait. NINETY!! Seriously. This was stop number 2 on my taco crawl and I didn't really think it was that great. I had a fish taco and the peeps I was with had the same and a taco de pansa. The fish taco was actually quite bland, I think they should add a little bit more chipotle to their mayo. I guess the taco de pansa was just meh...soooo, yea.I do want to go back and check out the actual restaurant. We ended up sitting out by the take out window. There are four, big, wood tables for people that just want a fast bite. The day was spectacular but the tables had no shade so it was kind of hot sitting under the sun. Just to be fair I'd like to actually sit in and enjoy the atmosphere.The food is good, the drinks are very good, but the hostesses, who told us the initial wait was 45-60 minutes but didn't have a table for us after 120 minutes are absolutely clueless. This is a typical restaurant that has brilliantly filled a void in a restaurant scene, only to get too high on their own reviews and decided that it is perfectly acceptable to treat customers like an easy-to-replace commodity. It was an overcrowded and annoying dining experience. You can do a lot better in this city. And you should.WORST customer service in Chicago.  Doormen think they are complete bigshots and couldn't be more rude to paying customers.  The fact that they make people wait outside in 30 degree weather is complete B.S.  Tried to "get in" (hilarious the fact that it is a taco place & not a nightclub) on Saturday night around midnight.  My friends were already inside with a table.  But still the doorman said I had to wait outside in the cold, in the line!  When my friends had a seat for me at a table inside.  It is absolutely ridiculous that they treat paying customers this way.  It shouldn't be allowed and I can say I would never return and no one else should either.  In a city filled with Mexican restaurants and taco joints the fact that Big Star treats you like dirt making people wait in line outside in the freezing cold should be a simple reason for it to go broke.  I guess I'll have to wait and see.Big Star has:-Great chips and guac-Good tacos (not great and a little bit expensive)-3 dollar whiskey shots-Gumballhead on tap (must try)-Good vibes-excellent patio (prime for summer people watching)-crowds and lines (come early if possible)Glad I finally went to Big Star. I never venture out into Wicker Park all that often, but I am glad I did. We went on a Wednesday around 6:30pm and the place was packed! It was about an hour wait for 4 of us so we walked around the neighborhood. Lot's of cute places around there to stop in and have a drink at while waiting.The service was quick and our server was nice. The individual tacos are definitely worth the price and three was plenty for me. They even have $1 Schlitz's you can get. I needed about 6 of those. I would suggest they get more taco options as three of the five available were pork and the other two were pepper and potato. More Chicken or Steak taco options would be great. The guacamole was awesome but a little pricey. You get a small cup for $9 dollars. It was great sitting outside and the patio was hopping so that made it even more fun. I would probably try and go back on a slower night though so we don't have to wait as long...not sure what night that would be.This place is always poppin', which is why i like coming here for a few beers, especially when the weather's nice and they open up the huge patio. Tacos are okayyy....i dunno, i'd still rather have chipotle.prepare to wait for a table.Tacos are tacos, right? They're pretty universal, right? NO. Big Star, located on Damen & Milwaukee in Wicker Park (I swear I eat in other neighborhoods, I just really enjoy this corner of town!), should go down in the record books for most ridiculously amazing tacos in all the lands.We tried all but the 'vegetarian' tacos, well because I think animals are tasty (Take that PETA!).Tacos Al Pastor (marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple and onion, cilantro) my favoriteTaco De Panza (crispy, braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, and cilantro)Taco De Pascado (Beer battered Tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro, lime) my fiance's fave.Taco De Pollo (roasted chicken thigh, salsa negra, black bean crema, corjita cheese, crispy fried onion, cilantro)All of the glory was loaded inside corn tortillas, which in my opinion or the only tortillas for tacos! And for $3 a taco (besides pollo which is $4), I may have overindulged a bit. Its a busy little place, so we sat at the bartop, which I prefer a lot of the time. The shelves are stocked with any and every whiskey I've ever heard of and then some.The bartenders change out the music and play old vinyls, which adds to the kind of 'hipster-esque' atmosphere. It used to be an old gas station or something from the looks of it. Very industrial architecture.  The service was good. I wish I could have said GREAT, but we were walked past a couple of times with empty drinks and spicy salsa. I give them the benefit of the fact that they were balls to the walls busy, which they are almost all the time. Nonetheless, I would absolutely return and try some other menu items.I was recently asked to name a favorite restaurant while interviewing for a job downtown, and when I blurted "Big Star!" the interviewer replied with a shocking "Big Star! Best f*cking tacos ever".  End of story. Go there, experience taco ecstasy, get a buzz, and tell me how grateful you are for the recommendation  You're welcome in advance.Hmmm...where should I start.  I dislike places that in this day and age are still cash only.  The pollo tacos were filled with cartilage and fat.  I have had better more flavorful fish tacos at other places.   Antique Taco not too far from here is much better place...A good margarita will have a kick, but it won't kill you. That is the first of my nit-picky complaints for this wicker park tex-mex joint. The ambiance is great, especially for a hot summer day in Chicago. You have ample outdoor dinning space and they are very dog friendly. I even think they violate a few city codes allowing you to eat in the outdoor patio with your dog under the table. If all you want is a fun cool place to spend a summer afternoon/happy hour Big Star is one of the best places in wicker park. The staff is great and the location is awesome.But food counts and a hate to say I was unimpressed. I had their fish and chicken tacos. The chicken was the best, but the fish tacos (that were beer battered, baja style) were to dry and so thinly battered you could barely taste it. We ordered some chips and salsa and they brought us a plate mediocre chips. I ask were the sals was and the waitress pointed to two ketchup style squeeze bottles baking in the sun on our table (that was $3 bucks). So they skimped on the chips, but not on the margarita. We ordered a pitcher and half way through my first glass I had a strong buzz. Now I'm not a lightweight, but these things were strong; too strong to be honest. When I slowed down to actually taste it, it was apparent the concoction was about 40% tequila. We ordered more food just to soak up the booze and I'm glad we did, because the queso fundio turned out to be the best thing we ate.Big Star isn't bad, it's just not great. You'll wind up waiting at least 50 minutes for a table on a nice weekend, but if you come here, you're not coming for the food. But if you want a margarita that will reduce you to a sweaty buzz after the first glass, look no further.Decent tacos, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.Al Pastor - Good, pineapple relish was a good touch.Fish - Ok, nothing special.Pork Belly - Flavor was good, but the pork belly was stale and rock-like.Horchata - A bit watery.I practically live here. I think boyfriend and I eat here at least three times a week, because it's cheap, delicious, and so easy.If it looks crazy, don't try to wait for a table. There's usually somewhere to stand or sit around the bar, and someone will notice you and take your drink order and your food order. Order a La Paloma or a Ramblin' Rose or a Margarita (WHICH THEY HAVE ON TAP), some chips and guac, and two of their tacos. You will be happy. You will be a little drunk. You will be surrounded by people who also love tacos and good tequila.Yes, it's cash only. But that's why it's so cheap. In my opinion, it's totally worth it.Does this place really need any more praise? In terms of food, drink and atmosphere combo, not many spots can beat Big Star. Great guacamole, delicious tacos and the best micheladas I've ever had; Big Star's michelada is my favorite alcoholic beverage in the city, period. I like the de panza (as does the rest of the city) and al pastor, but don't sleep on the vegetarian options: the potato taco and summer squash tostada are both packed with flavor and hold their own on the menu. The queso fundido makes the mark too, in all its cheezy chorizoey glory. And the patio is perfect for a breezy summer night, always buzzing with energy and facilitating a good time.The best thing I can say about Big Star is that it's remarkably consistent, especially given its popularity. Some restaurants suffer when they get packed to the brim but Big Star is clearly used to the rush and never fails to deliver top quality, well-executed food and drinks. I always feel that if there's a line, it better be worth the wait: Big Star makes sure of that every single time.The neighborhood is great except for all the hipsters. The tacos are pricey and small. Overall the food was good but, nothing stood out. The exterior looks great but, the  inside looks terrible. The bathrooms were the worst i have ever seen. They also have a to go window that i liked. They gave us a ton of chips and it was good food on the go. BRING CASH!!!!the bestI LOVE their food! I only come here during the summer despite being the type of person that hates large crowds, but the food is worth it. We come with a group of anywhere from 2-15, hang out while waiting to get our orders, eat, and bounce. I'm kind of anti-hipster, but I travel to Wicker Park for this place alone. Haha.It wasn't bad, but it was very safe & didn't exactly live up to the hype or price. Simple is better with Mexican & you're ingredients are what stand out. Big Star dared to be different but used a textbook approach. Doesn't exactly line upWhile the wait was a little over an hour, despite our arrival at 8pm, it was well worth it. We just got a pitcher of margaritas at the bar and finished them up at our table. Between the three of us, I was able to taste the Taco de Panza, Taco de Papas con Rajas, Taco de Pescado, and Taco de Pollo. The Pescado and Pollo were my favorites. I will definitely go back to try more. My only regret was not trying the horchata!Dying Big Star.I think quality is going down. I ordered couple of tacos - dry, over salty. Service is slow and super snobby ( Im a SERVER ! at Big Star?, sorry you are server! ). Now days there is so many sooo many places that serve much better food than Big Star, dying star.I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place earlier! Fell in love with this place on my first visit and still love it. It started a few months ago...I walked in on a Friday night and my friend said that we'd have to wait. I was super hungry so I didn't mind and I'm glad I did instead of head to another restaurant on the block. The tacos are delicious. My favorite are the chicken tacos. They have a spicy kick and the meat is tender. The pork shoulder is my least favorite. Not sure if it's the pineapple I don't like or the meat. On to the plantains....I could eat these forever. They are perfectly grilled and the cheese, sauce, green onions...basically everything they put on top of the plantains make for a perfect combo. Also tried the pickled veggies on the side which I could have gone without. We also tried the bacon wrapped hot dog which was good but be warned...it's really messy! The drinks are delish as well and I love my tequila! If you go on a weekend night be prepared to wait. If you happen to find a spot at the bar then stay there! All the servers and bartenders are really friendly and provide great fast service so it doesn't really matter where you sit (just as long as you get a seat!). Last tip...CASH only.I had a Hamm's beer here, and it was awesome.  Apparently, this is a good place to get some affordable grub and top-notch marg's.  More importantly, they've got Hamm's in tall cans!Without even reading the other reviews, I'm sure others will capture the essence of Big Star better than I can.  I went for lunch two days ago with my wife and a friend; we order all five tacos on the menu, and all five were great.  Big Star's prices are a tad high given what you can get at other taco joints nearby but the quality of the ingredients is admittedly high.The surprise for us was the tostada; I can't explain why I loved it, but it was something different and very tasty.  The guac was great and for once, a place served their guac with enough chips to eat it all (why can't more places think to do this??).  My $3 Schlitz brought it all home.When you go for lunch and it's winter, it seems like the hipster ratio is significantly decreased, and that worked well for me.  Curious to see how it goes when it warms up.Considering the wait, I thought they would have better food. The best item on the menu was the fish tacos. They were some of the best I ever had. Don't let anyone else kid you, everything else is mediocre. Also, they don't take anything but cash. They try and make up for it by having "an ATM on location". It, too, was nothing but a nuisance and inconvenience because there was a line for even that!  If you are willing to wait 30-45 mins for fish tacos, then this is the place for you.Tacos in order of tastiness:1. Taco al pastor2. Taco de panza3. Taco de pescado-Guac and chips and queso fundido were standard-However, the water tasted especially disgusting and possibly straight from the bathroomService:-Elusive server, forgot our order once, but made up for it by taking 50% off our checkDO NOT get the Taco de pollo if you're hungover. All that black bean crema and cotija cheese would not blend well with the leftover deluxe shots mixture in your guts.Overrated. I'm from so cal and I can't believe people in Chicago will pay this much for bad tacos. Not authentic sorry guys. It's a waste of money try a different taco shop. I was disappointed by all of it and the service... It's just lame here. The end.Big star is pretty great.  Delicious food, great drinks, lively atmosphere, but they crossed the line when they gave away/stole my bag of donuts from Glazed and Infused.After about a 3 hour wait, we got called there was a table available.  On our way there we stopped quick and grabbed donuts.  They wouldn't let us bring the donuts in, and said they would hold them for us at the front. Lies!  When it came time to leave my donuts were gone and they just kinda shrugged at me like "oh well."So beware, do not bring tasty donuts to Big Star!Came back to actually eat at the restaurant. We came after work one day and the wait was quite long. We had to wait 45 min but it was worth it! FISH TACO FTW!!! And loved the dulce de leche milkshake :)Here fishy fishy.  The pescado taco is ridiculously good; beer battered tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro and lime.  Perfecto!  The hubs and I also shared a queso fundido; Chihuahua (the cheese not the dog!), poblanos, chorizo and tortillas for transporting this delicious mess to your mouth.  It's a slightly spicy, uber cheesy comfort dish that's just as fun to say as it was to eat.  I love when I eat out and am inspired by dishes I can try to make at home.It's always busy here.  They have a great big outdoor patio for the good weather.  During the less desirable weather, seating inside is accompanied by a much louder atmosphere.  We timed our visit between the lunch & dinner crowds on a not so sunny day and didn't have to wait for a table inside.This place's patio is a hot spot during the summer, and just as packed inside during the winter. You really need to get here early in order to avoid an all out fist fight for a table. The bar and restaurant is cash only, and the margs are served pretty strong. I usually avoid the restaurant at all costs and go straight to the walk-up window. Take your tacos and eat them on the picnic tables, your own patio, or the park.Pastor $3- the gold standard for tacos, roasted pork with a sweet after taste from the pineapple.Pescado $3- down right amazing with a spicy chipotle sauce. The fried fish just melts in your mouth.Panza $3 (pork belly)- A great compliment to Pastor. Very rich, tender, and flavorful. Pollo $4- not sure why this is more expensive. Not worth your time. Stick to the three above.Maybe its good that it is CASH ONLY. I would be too tempted to get 10 tacos to go.. every day.I kind of felt like I was the unwanted step-child, relegated to the un-shaded, communal bench seating for their take-out window. The wait was 90 min for the regular restaurant, but all we wanted were tacos for Osi V's taco crawl so the take-out window actually suited us just fine.  So, feeling a bit unloved by the Big Star hostess, we definitely were embraced with open arms by the nice lady at the take out window.  We had to pace ourselves being on a taco crawl but the hubs and I decided to split 3 tacos. We got the Al Pastor (marinated pork with bits of grilled pineapple), Pescado (crispy beer-battered tilapia) and Taco De Panza (pork belly).  The El Pastor was an error as we wanted the Tacos de Papas.  No matter. The El Pastor was a wonderful tasty surprise. All three were good, but the Tilapia was the definite favorite--tasty tilapia topped with cabbage and cilantro.  The tacos were on the tiny side for the price.  I'm not sure I'd wait 90 minutes to come and dine in the restaurant, but if I'm in the area and need a taco fast, I'd like to come back to the take out window.My friend took me here in between meals for a quick drink, with the promise that we would go to somewhere better for dinner.  We of course, had to try a taco or two, and after dinner, I wished that we had just ate here instead.  I had the Taco de Pescado, which was beer battered tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro, and lime.  It was so good.  I could have ordered three more of those and been happy with it as my meal.  We also got the Queso Fundido, which was melted queso Chihuahua, rajas poblano, housemade chorizo with fresh tortillas.  That was pretty amazing and unlike anything that I've ever had.  I had Garvin's Tea Punch, which contained Old Forester, Rare Tea Cellar Iced Tea, and Honey and wow was that drink strong!  I've never done this before, but I actually asked for more Iced Tea to dilute it as the whiskey was just over powering.But, the food was delicious and it was a fun atmosphere.  I can't wait to go there again when I am back in Chicago.Oh Big Star, aren't your tacos delicious!?! Yes, yes they are and so is everything else on their menu.  I can't speak on the cocktails and the bar scene here but it looks like a great space for drinks and chit chat.  I believe our table had at least one of every taco and we couldn't stop talking about how awesome each of them were.  Must go back now!  The only flaw here is the fact that they only take cash.  Lucky, they have an ATM in the restaurant should you have forgotten but what a pain to be lugging around that much cash to pay for your meal.  Oh yeah, I should also mention that the meal (while not overly expensive) is pricey-er than Taco Bell.  Come in early for a seat and enjoy some amazing tacos!  And I would like to join you.Went in with a party of 5 on Sunday night and was so impressed with their attentiveness. We were told our wait would be about 20-25 minutes, but were seated in the back by the bar to wait. Since we had kids with us, we weren't sitting at the bar or ordering drinks. However, they came by several times to check in on us and offer us drinks while we waited. Even though we turned down the drinks, they brought us all waters. The wait ended up being a bit longer due to one of the tables staying long after they had paid their bill. We were seated in the atrium in a 4-person table so it was pretty tight. We put in our appetizer orders and very quickly got the chips and guac. DELICIOUS guac, and this is coming from a 100% Mexican family. A booth opened up and the staff offered to move us over to a bigger table. We accepted and they moved everything over for us. We finally got the queso fundido and it was really good as well. Perfect size for 5 people to have a couple of bites of it without getting too full. Finally, the tacos. The Al Pastor tacos are my favorite. Absolutely delicious and rich. The fish tacos were great as well. The slaw on the fish tacos is a great addition. As always, throw some lime on your tacos! It always enhances the flavor! We also tried the chicken tacos, which were very good and had the queso fresco for an added dimension of flavor. My parents had the Panza tacos and said they were the favorite by far. The salsas are great, add them to everything. It's pretty authentic Mexican food with a Tex-Mex/Hipster vibe. Thank you Big Star for being great at what you do!We met a friend here for drinks during a month-long vegetarian experiment. After two rounds of drinks, we were too lazy to go anywhere else, so we deciding on getting a couple dishes to share. With vegetarian restraints, there was only a couple things on their small menu that we were able to order. We asked our waitress if the Queso Fundido could be made vegetarian by omitting the chorizo, and they happily obliged. The first dish to arrive was the beet tostada (Tostado betabel). I am not a huge fan of beets and my husband is not a big fan of goat cheese, but we were both completely floored by this dish. Everything was perfectly balanced and thought out...the spicy goat cheese, the pumpkins seeds, and the roasted beets with some acidity, all came together perfectly. Definitely my favorite dish!The Queso Fundido was delicious, but isn't that to be expected from hot, bubbly cheese with fresh tortillas? Lastly, we had the Plantos Fritos, which were a bit like fried patties or fritters. A little dry, but still a interesting twist on fried plantains. My only complaint was my drink. The La Paloma was very average, a little on the sweet side and had very little tequila. I don't know if I ordered the wrong thing or if the bartender was having an off night. I cannot wait to go back and try some other (MEATY) things on the menuThe least favorite of my Chicago eating. It's not that anything was bad. It's just that nothing was mind blowing (sorry @nappleman) or memorable. What I remember the most from Big Star is that our server was overly pushy on the offering of booze. Even after we were given the check he made one last offer. Dude, drink a beer yourself and chill. Cash only. Really? Yup. Also, loud. as. hell. Big Star, gets a big no thanks.I really like this place! The tacos are cheap and delicious and it's also a bar, so how can you go wrong? It gets super packed (I've never seen it empty), but I think it's worth the wait. I most recently tried their margaritas and it was strong, but tasty. My friend and I split a pitcher, but we didn't realize how pricy the pitcher was going to be ($30). That alone made up half of our bill, but at least we were buzzed after. The waitress was really nice, and even though they were so busy, she made sure to check in on us. If this place weren't so busy, I'd definitely make this my permanent taco Tuesday spot!We braved the super loud ambience here because we had high hopes for the tacos.  Sadly, I was disappointed in the tacos AND the service.The tacos:Potato - soft, spicy diced potato cubes, cotija cheesePork Belly - somewhat dry pork pieces, cotija, cilantro, mehPastor - diced pineapple added a nice touch, but it wasn't a wow-erFish - good, lightly breaded and fried, topped with shaved cabbage, crema, cilantroHuitlacoche - really yummy, mushroomyRajas - peppers in a creamy sauce, pretty goodOur server asked us if we wanted to order drinks no less than four separate times.  FOUR!  And we were here for maaaaaaybe an hour.  It was really annoying, and combined with the mediocre food and super loud-ness here, this combination didn't work for me.Their fish tacos are delicious. Spicy, crispy and fresh they go the best with the hot sauce. They are so good that I can eat 6 of them at once! Absolutely delicious. And they go really well with Blondie beer! The only and the biggest downside is the place is always packed. It's sometimes so crowded you cant even got to the bar. Therefore, I never go there on weekend, only weekdays and late at night.We ordered some of their food to go. We got the fish tacos, pork belly and hot dog. I ate the hot dog and it was DELICIOUS. Also, I'm very happy that they actually listened to my order and didn't put onions or mustard on it. People always forget that and it's so annoying. Anyways, the hot dog was DELICIOUS. It was so filling that it was my only meal of the day. Yes, I am not joking. The combination of pure beef hot dog with beans was so good. I would definitely pick the hot dog over the tacos in the future.I've tried. Time and again I've given this place a chance, but I always leave disappointed. Tacos are nothing to write home about. I've had the pastor, pork belly and fish --- all of which left much to be desired. The pork belly was incredibly dry and the others lacked in flavor. Maybe the Texan in me has made me a taco snob, but compared to other places in the area (Antique Taco, taco burrito express) Big Star pales in comparison. Always had decent service though and the guacamole is pretty good. Typical crowd here really looks like they are trying the most which can make for amusing people watching. Just wish the food was better.BEST fish tacos in the city and only $3 each. Great drink selection too & trendy, yet laid-back atmosphere. :)Big Star! My gf and I love it here. Great beer! Gumball head on tap! Whatttt???!! Their employees are so welcoming.  Keep it up guys!I like Big Star for their taco window. They're quick and efficient, and you can eat at the picnic benches if needed. Overall, I like Big Star for the toppings they put on their tacos. Mango medleys, hot sauces, etc. they're all creative and Americanized. My favorites are the fish and pastor tacos. The one caveat is that Big Star is relatively expensive. You definitely are paying for something different than going to an authentic taco place, so with that being said, I'd consider them relatively expensive but fairly priced. Big Star also expanded their dine in space several months back. This is huge because the wait used to be crazy. Last tid bit, Big Star sells Christmas Trees on their patio during the winter! Fun and creative use of space!Big Star has to be understood to be appreciated.1. Harley parking is available next to the taco truck, in the driveway, or oftentimes in the driveway, as the driveway is seldom used. And Revenue has never written me a ticket in the "tow zone" (driveway), and I've never paid to park here.2. If there's a line, ask if they're trying to get on the table list. If they are, skip ahead of them (politely), and present your ID to the doorman/woman, and ask to go to the bar. You can usually go right in if you're not trying to get a table. There, you just saved 15 minutes standing behind Buffy and Stacey. 3. When you go inside, go immediately to the back of the bar...all the way back by the bathrooms. Order your first drink here, probably while standing, because the bar is usually fully occupied.4. Now you can stalk for a seat to open at the bar. If you see someone handling cash, they're paying their bill. Politely ask them for "dibs" on their seat. 5. They get up, you sit down. Ask for a food menu, get another drink. The tacos are great, so is the fundido, and the guacamole. I recommend any Three Floyd's beer in a bottle. ***No credit cards. There's an ATM just inside the front door.Its taken me quite a while to finally come to this spot located in my old hood of Wicker Park.It's a shame really, all of the years its been open I could have wallowed in the great tunage and awesomness of the servers , but I never gave it a chance.I'll blame it on a friend who can't get over the fact that his beloved Pontiac cafe is gone. When I would visit he would say "fuck that place , its for "yuppies".So true, but yet..... " "fuck that" ....... I create and live in an urban city, I pride myself on being proffessional .......so I guesss I'm a yuppie....I just get more dirty than the suits.I found the place to be way better run the Pontiac ever was and the bartenders were cool and down to Earth.What makes me love it more is Tony Fitzpatrick did the "about" section for the website explaining the theory of the place with nods to Wicker Parks own Nelson Algren. Drinking here..."Never Come Morning"....indeed.Big Star, I think, is kind of like those corny Will Ferrell movies. If you go to see one expecting to see a corny Will Ferrell movie, you will be pleasantly surprised if you laugh a lot. However, once everyone starts talking about how hilarious the movie is, you go to see it with high expectations, and then don't laugh as much as you hoped.I stumbled upon Big Star randomly a few years ago, and since I lived under a rock (or rather, the suburbs) had no idea it would be good. I was pleasantly surprised by the cheap but flavorful tacos, and while my whiskey loving friends love their selection, I stick with the margaritas. Big Star is one of the few places where you can get a good margarita that is light and refreshing, and not poured out of a plastic bottle, at a reasonable price. Unfortunately, the secret is way, way out. If I had to wait hours to try this place for the first time, I might be disappointed, because of all the hype and constant lines. Try ordering from the window, or if you want the full experience with no waiting in line at all.... go during the winter. Sure, you lose the patio outdoorsy appeal, but you also lose the tourists and you're guaranteed a table to enjoy all the tacos and beverages that made this place famous in the first place.you know how sometimes you just need to stuff your face with a big hunk of melted cheese?...really? just me?queso fundido is basically just that-- melted cheese-- but big star's ain't yo average hunk. they fill it with peppers & chorizo. just the right amount of spice and a whole lotta gooey rich flavor. on my last visit i also got to devour a fish taco, share a pitcher of schlitz, and witness the spectacle of a bunch of d-bags getting thrown out.  ah, memories.The How to Ruin a Fun Evening Manual1. Drink free Cervezas while trying on Warby Parker Glasses2. Place name on waiting list for Bocce Ball3. Score a table at Violet Hour wearing shorts and flip flops4. Walk across the street to Big Star for late-night street food tacosTacos muy autentico? Not really.Tacos muy caro? Hell yes. $3-$4 a pop. A Taco Joint in LA will charge $0.99 a taco, but as Tupac once said "It wouldn't be LA without Mexicans..." (To Live and Die in LA for the curious)Speaking of which, Johnny Depp bit into a Big Star Puerco Pibil Taco and immediately proclaimed "Are a Mexican or a Mexi-can't?" Upon taking the second bite he concluded Big Star tacos are a Mexi-can't . (Once Upon a Time in Mexico for the B-Movie enthusiasts)The only thing I found muy autentico had nothing to do with the food. It came courtesy of a big butch & burly Mexican woman taking orders from the take out window who delivered an Oscar worthy performance for her role as Juanita the DMV wretch who likes to remind you that you are an insignificant little pendejo.Juanita: "Look at all the drunken white foodies waiting in line for tacos...I laugh at you!"Bravo!!!!!!  Actitud putrefacta MUY autentico!!!  Even the refreshing Horchata couldn't save the day.It's a shame because this place is a fun and much needed hangover/street-food/round two of drinking (or maybe round three for some folks) Taco Joint.Finally made it here after hearing so much about it from friends and seeing them on Chicago's Best. They were all right! This place is amazing!  When we first got there, the lady took our phone number and said we could wait at the bar until she called us for a table. While waiting at the bar conveniently near the window where the food was delivered for the wait staff, we spoke to several employees and they were all very nice. Our waitress and bartender were very friendly and always made sure our drinks were filled. When the food arrived, we dove right in, but not before we took the advice of a fellow employee who advised us which sauces worked best with each taco. He was dead on correct with that. It was pretty awesome! I'll have to admit I was very hesitant to come here at first because driving past here every day after work I saw nothing but a full house. And I'm not a huge fan of crowds. It can either work in your favor or make it a horrible experience. In this case, despite the crowd, the atmosphere was very cozy and brownie points for the record player that sets the music for the bar. It's a nice relief to not hear the radio and it's repetitive playlist of music. -1 star for crowds which lead to long waits for tables +4 stars to food, atmosphere, and friendly staff!!! :DBig star tacos it's so fun. Foods okay..tell everyone! ;) guac, salsas, margaritas too, it's so crazy it'll make your señoritas poo!The tacos, across the board are top notch and insanely good. Prices are reasonable. Table service is speedy. The food comes out quick, even when the place is jammed. Some may knock it, but on a beautiful day, there is no better scene than on the patio. Cold Tecates and warm sun. WP people watching paradise. If that's not your thing, then simply order at the pick up window and eat your tacos wherever you feel comfortable.I really like Big Star, but it only gets 3 stars because it's pretty pricey for Mexican food.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not calling it super pricey in general.  It's just a bit much for Mexican food, where the tastiness is typically inversely proportional to what you pay.  I have a lot of friends who love the place, so I end up there every once in a while.My favorite taco here is the El Pastor.  It's small, but the pork shoulder in it is a nice touch.  I ordered the hot dog something or other today and expected a fairly small tortilla with some bacon wrapped hot dog pieces in it.  What I got was about the size of 4 tortillas.  It's good but I would recommend saving your appetite from eating the huge bun (it's actually served as a hot dog, not a taco) and focus on what's inside.  It's spicer than you think it's going to be so watch out if that's not your thing.The fact that Big Star is as crowded as it is is a testament to how humans are sheep. I mean people... They sell TACOS. And small mediocre ones as well.  The beer on draft is good, but not unlike any other bars in the area. Just cannot figure why people are filling the place to capacity every day. I can't believe the hype.The owners are laughing all the way to the bank.Cash only.First off, the fish tacos are delish. The chipotle mayo they put on there is magical. Al Pastor is also excellent. That being said, the overall dining experience leaves a little to be desired...First of all, don't even try to get a table. Came here on a Monday, a MONDAY, and we waited for an hour and a half before we finally wised up and just got tacos from the window. Unlike almost all other restaurants, they refuse to tell you the duration of the wait you might expect after putting your name in for a table. Instead, they just tell you the number of parties in front of you. Which doesn't really help for planning purposes. But they can do this, because it's so popular. This place is a money-making machine. And for good reason. The bar is pretty cool, decent whiskey selection, good margaritas, and, at least when I was there, the  music was great as well.All that being said, I'd have a couple of recommendations for this place. Don't even bother trying to get a table. Just go in to the bar, grab a couple of drinks, and then get your tacos from the window that sits to the side of the restaurant. Unless, of course, you feel like waiting for 2+ hours to even start eating.This place is a must when I am visiting Chicago. For a taco lover, they have it all. I have the best time when I can get a patio seat and order a pitcher of margaritas, but this last visit, I was only able to do the late night window. The walking taco was kitschy and delicious and the al pastor was good too. The horchata is a little gritty, the squash taco was a bit lacking, and the man at the window must have misheard me say something because my order came with a little syrofoam contained of steamed veggies, and the receipt reflected that I was also charged $1 for them? Weird addition to the meal, but not worth complaining about.Have been trying to try this place many times but there's ALWAYS at least an hour wait....mehhhSo I happen to be around the city last night and I thought why not, it's wed nite. I thought wrong, the place was packed and the host said there are 10-12 parties ahead of us..alas... But me & my friend weren't in any hurry so we just chillin' by the food truck and wait there curious what's the fuss about this place. After about 50 mins they finally called us which is a good thing to have our number down so you can actually drive around or do something else while waiting.FOOD- It's not the greatest prolly coz I've been to those taqueria in those mexican establishments which serve (more of) authentic tacos. But theirs not bad either, I like the fish taco aka Taco de Pescado. Chips good, salsa ok, didn't try the guac tho'. They don't have many variety, taco & couple other thing, that's it. Had the classic margarita which is really good consider it's $7. A pitcher will go for $30. Service is not the greatest, if they had a dress code or something could've been better. Kindda hard to tell which of them among other patrons. One great thing is the patio. Imagine dining under clear sky, good temp and good margarita  So overall, it's good if you don't mind the wait and don't have things to do afterward.Need a taco at 12:30 am on a Sunday? Here you go. Pork Belly. Only way to go.Here's the new vibe surrounding Big Star. Picture this as a monologue, perhaps a rant or just a great speech by an evil villain/ epic hero:Big Star tells us it will be two hours. Yep, it's a gorgeous 60 degree friday alright. Of course they have their typical two hour wait. We decide to have fun with the shops on Damen and get some cash to fulfill their needless cash-only policy. We stop in a bunch of stores, come back an hour and a half later, only to be sneered at by the silly young hostess. Merlot socks though, and that's the color of fall. So she had one thing right. Merlot is the "it" color. The It color aside, she smiles viciously and tells me that it is going to be an exponential amount of time until we are seated and she can't even think how long it will be, but it's not the two hours she told me. She suggested that we have drinks at the bar while we wait for that unknown period of time it will take to get a table. I said that we wanted to eat and the bar wouldn't cut it, but then she just smiled and said nothing. I felt like she had told me to go screw myself, but I just thank her and walk away to discuss it with my buddy.I don't know who waits around for 4 hours to eat $3 tacos, but I can be sure that Big Star is trying to give off the same vibe its' owners' other establishment has. Well, Yelpers, Big Star is certainly not Violet hour and not even close to deserving the same discerning attitude. You can find better tacos and margaritas at 5 places less than a mile away in that area. So Big Star, give up the 'tude. You are not Violet Hour and never will be, and your popularity will fade. Unless of course, Big Star turns into an "I Robot"-style plan and tries to kill us all. Believe me, the hostess'  condescending smile certainly could have. Until then, Big Star, I say no thanks. I'll take my tacos with a little less pretension. And get over the cash only thing. You can afford to swipe cards with the crowds you gather. Or is it an image thing again?This place was a little to hipster for my tastes and not a fan of waiting forever for a few tacos, but with that being said, those tacos were the shit and I discovered my new favorite drink here. Plus the bartenders are pretty nice and quick to get your order.Forget the $1 beer or $3 whisky shots or the Cash Only caveat. Just sit back and order the Taco Al Pastor and Taco De Panza, pair it up with a beer if you please or the limeade. Don't worry, you'll not regret what lands on your table. And once you're done, all you need to do is just repeat the whole order again; trust me, it just works!Yes. This place does live up to its hype and fanfare.Mmmm. Haven't had a chance to try a lot of Mexican food in Chicago since I've been here, so we don't have any point of reference. What I will say is that these tacos were original, cheap, flavorful, and delicious.We had the following: Pork belly, chicken, and pork shoulder. The pork belly was far and away the winner (even ordered a second one), but the other two were also really tasty. The guacamole was very satisfying, and the Big Star salad we ordered was also fresh and mucho grande. Did we mention the wait time for the food? It was virtually zero. It may take awhile to get seated, but the food pops out fast. Adding this to the list of places I take out of town guests. (ps, it closes at 2 am... hello late night! (sort of...))pps, the grilled jalapenos were nothing to write home about.Order a pitcher of margaritas and as many al pastor tacos required to fill your stomach.Be happy.I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. When people ask me about different places to try, depending on what they are looking for, I recommend Big Star almost immediately. The taco de pescado is my favorite, hands down. Though, everything I have tried is great. Micehladas are tasty. If you like WHISKEY, like me, you are going to continue to visit Big Star over and over again. Their list is wonderful and I seriously do not live or work in the area, but constantly go out of my way to dine here. I've heard from others that the service isn't great, but I have always felt welcomed and I feel like the food comes really quickly. It is a busy place, I often go here during off peak hours. I've sat at the bar and at tables, alone and with friends and I've never had a bad experience. I can't believe I haven't written a review before. Once, I came with friends who had gluten allergies and the server was so great about rattling off suggestions for food and drink. The ratings should be higher for this awesome spot. I think maybe most of their fans just haven't taken a moment to recognize them through Yelp.Came here for lunch on one of those gorgeous summer-like fall days we've been having in Chicago recently. I ran the gamut of vegetarian options. the Papas con rajos taco, calabicita tostado, and Big Star salad. The tostado and salad were solid. The Papas con rajos was really delicious. It was perfectly spicy and the cojita cheese really made it pop. It's a little on the small side, but the price ain't bad. I wish the other offerings lived up to the amazingness of that taco. Wish there was a little more consistency across the menu, if so this place would be much higher on my crave list.Does Big Star need its ten thousandth review? Probably not, so I'm  just here to save you some time in a few easy steps if you want to enjoy tacos and drinks outside in the nice summer weather.1. Skip the wait for a table at Big Star and head straight for its pickup window. 2. Order food. Maybe a nice Limeade. 3. Get food in minutes. 4. Grab a spot at one of the picnic tables outside the overcrowded patio. 5. Eat delicious tacos outside.But you said enjoy tacos and drinks! Booze is not available at the pick up window! No, it's not. 6. Then you just leave and go find literally any other patio in the area without the ridiculous wait time and order drinks.7. There. Enjoy the weather and your belly full of delicious tacos, Chicago."Didn't De Cero corner the foodie taco market 5 years ago?" I asked. "STFU with your restless lip syndrome, dick queef. This place is the future," I replied. And so the conversation with myself went. I'm not sure I was totally feeling this place, but I do think the very reasonable prices will keep me coming back. Without booze, you could easily get out of here for like $10 and be pretty full of awesome pork belly or al pastor tacos. Some of the other things we ordered weren't quite as impressive - goat tacos, queso fundido, beans (still not sure why we ordered "beans", but there was bacon in it I guess). On a more positive "tip", everything we ordered came with excellent house made tortillas. The drink menu is decent and a lot cheaper than the speakeasy across the street.As for the space, I know I'll get over it, but I was initially offended by what they did to the Pontiac. And I didn't even really like the Pontiac. I was just comforted knowing it was there. Not that that makes sense or anything. The patio fence and fire pit are completely gone. Where the scary, biohazardous-waste-filled bathrooms were, there is now a kitchen enclosed by a window so people outside can see the cooks making tortillas. There is a valet car hiker in the parking lot. There is absolutely no signage. There is a giant bar in the middle of the building, around which food orders are taken and consumed. The entire room is painted white. Yupster infestation is at level 10 - the highest reading I've seen since 2007, when yupster infestation levels were first recorded. If you didn't know that this space was once a dirty old road house that had average bar food and live band karaoke Fridays, you never would guess it by coming to Big Star. So what do you guys think of this review? I predict ROTD on 1/6/10.This review is for Big Stars new DIY taco bar catering options. I had a DIY taco party for St Pattys day. The tacos were great and the portions were more than enough to feed my party of 15 people. (Enough for leftovers!)You really can have Big Star tacos anywhere now!! This is a must try for your next family party or friend get together.Big Star? More like Big Disaster!My lovely colleagues and I made our way here today to enjoy lunch on their patio. It's not the prettiest of patios, but who cares when the suns shining on ya.The 3 of us ordered the following:chips and salsaa diet coke, limeade and a horchata3 salads3 tacos (a variety)Our waitress had a little trouble understanding this not so complicated order, but assured us she was bright because she had a PhD.  Not sure in what, but apparently not waitressing.* We had to ask for the chips twice* We had to ask for our drinks 3 times* 2 of the salads made it out, although mine got lost in the shuffle and I had to ask for that about 8 times* After an hour and asking a dozen times we gave up on the tacos, but they came out just when I needed to leave for an appointmentWhen we inquired about our order PhD waitress apathetically blamed the kitchen and mentioned every single one of her tables was having problems this afternoon. However, one of the guys from the kitchen told us the problem was that she wasn't putting the right orders on the ticket. Instead of listening to excuses we would have rather them just gotten it right.We asked to speak with the manager, Lisa, who was apathetic about the entire situation as well. She did end up taking care of our meal, but that's to be expected based on the awful experience.As for the food...My veggie taco was inedible and while the salad tasted OK I found a hair in it, the perfect ending to the worst lunch experience ever.Just 1 Big Star for these guys! Never again...This review is brought to you by the letters W, T, and F and the number TWO!As in much of this has me thinking, "WTF?!" and of the number TWO since I felt like my best friend came over to my house and left an upper decker in my toilet.I can forgive the waits and prices. I loved this place but I think they're starting to believe their own hype. Servers aren't very friendly and curt. A smile or a thank you is rare. One server was so rude and terrible she'd cause Ann Coulter to take a step back and say, "Whoa, there's a real btch."With the good fortune of being taken care of by that charming little buttercup I started eating my tacos. I've eaten tacos here many times. Always the same, always the best. I take a bite and red grease shoots out and splatters explosively all over the table like a gunshot scene in a Tarantino movie. This has never happened to me at Big Star before. Gross.So the stars are the Margs, *generally* the food, and patio. The big is the wait, price, and stankss or just indifferent attitude.A final WTF and TWO. This is my second review, please read the first, you'll think WTF and see what a huge downgrade it is.*After much thought, I do believe the ladies of En Vogue can more adequately capture my (drooping) sentiment for Big Star...No, you're never gonna get it (Ow!)Never ever gonna get it (No, not this time)No, you're never gonna get it (My love)Never ever gonna get it*Apathetic service is a plague, and Big Star's got a big problem with it....frankly, I can forgive SO much (soggy tacos, missing food and 45 minute horchata wait time), if the service is at the very least APOLOGETIC. Excuses and a "you're lucky to have a seat" attitude. Sorry, no thanks...I don't care how prime your patio is, or how yuppified the tacos taste, I'll take my money (oh, cash only...HA!) elsewhere. CHORUSNo, you're never gonna get it (Not this time)Never ever gonna get it (My lovin')No, you're never gonna get it (Had your chance to make a change)Never ever gonna get it(repeat)*The salad I had was OK, but hardly noteworthy or worth a 40 minute wait time. Lettuce, dressing, some nuts and some cheese. Eh, ok. Now you promise me the moon and (BIG) starsSave your breath, you won't get very farGave you many chances to make changeThe only thing you changed was love to hateIt doesn't matter what you do or what you sayShe doesn't love you, no wayMaybe next time you'll give your woman a little respectSo you won't be hearing her say, "No way"*Maybe the tacos will be better? Not so much...CHORUS[And now it's time for a breakdown...]*apathy killed the Big Star*mediocre food*concrete patio*slow service*disorganizedI thought I'd never say this, but I think Pontiac Cafe actually may have been a better bet. I won't be back. Never get it...Never get it...My love/My money.Big Star Light, Big Star bright The first Big Star I see tonight. I wish I may, I wish I might, Have the Taco Wish I wish tonight. Wishes do come true... if your dreams and desires are comprised of warm chips, smokey salsas and tasty tacos, that is! 'Tis true what they say, Mr. Big (Star) definitely stands as more bar, less restaurant. If your plans are solely going to get your grub on, do yourself a solid - like me - and go at an 'off' time to guarantee yourself seating (tables are at premium here) at one of the handful of booths. Don't be swayed from late night shenanigans however, just popping in for yummy drinks (think housemade horchata + rum = heaven. yes!) to hang at the sizable bar and be impressed by just how good Big Star makes the swill and swallow experience doesn't suck either. It appears the taco menu changes - perhaps daily - as I went in jonesing for fish tacos and sadly saw there were none to be had that day. Went with the juicy, crisp pork belly taco (yum.Yum.YUM) and al pastor tacos that positively rocked my socks off combined with charred pineapple and cool, tangy cheese. Silly as it sounds, the highlight of Big Star was most definitely their chips and guac... super salty, warm and glistening, they are chips as the Gods intended them! The guacamole? Perfection. They Bruce Lee'd that shizz with a hefty karate chop of citrus, cilantro and garlic. YUM. The tableside duo of salsas (go green!) thankfully rounds things out perfectly and brings positively no shortage of kick to the party. Lunch was nice, but I put money on the fact that late night will be better. Coronas and Queso? Yeah... near or far, I'm making my way to Big Star!Sorry Big Star, but for me you were just a big flop.Service was horrendously apathetic, and to wait 30+ minutes for drinks alone (non-alcoholic ones, at that) will guarantee starting your experience off on the wrong foot.Once we finally received our food (at different times), it was better than average but not worth the extended wait.Your patio is not pretty enough to justify this level of service... no one is this pretty!Cash only.I have been here a lot, and they do get really crowded almost everyday at 5pm-10pm so be prepared to put your name in and wander around the hood. I hung out with Screech from saved by the bell here once, that was awesome. I admit in the past the servers were somewhat curt, but now it seems they have righted the ship and it is all gravy. In the summer, this is the best spot to post up and make fun of hipsters riding fixies. Big Star is a real staple if you are drinking and taking people out and around wicker park. The pick-up window is key for these excursions, but if you can, get in and sit down because the menu doubles. Meaning there are now 13 items to choose from. Of these I highly recommend: Tamales Verzcruz: This is a seasonal item that is not always available, but it is now, so come in and get it, it is sublime. Sonoran hot dog - bolillo roll, big star hot sauce, pinto beans, lime mayo, yes. Please. Thank you. The server was all, "Its pretty substantial!." I then pulled up my shirt and shoved my thumb in my bellybutton and exclaimed, "So is this, lady!" This item is a real treat and they wrap it in bacon in case you have second thoughts. Tacos al pastor - Must get, with the pineapple it plays wonderfully. Tostada de pollo - cilantro pesto, queso crema, another must get, this is a staple. Drinks:La paloma - This is freaking awesome, and it is pinkish in color so you know it is super manly. They hide the tequila well. But I do not. Classic margarita - Nice and smooth. Tons of sea salt on the rim. Michelada - Mexican cerveza preparada made with beer, lime juice, tomato juice (or Clamato) and hot sauce, get this if you have no fear and want to get properly toasted. Everything I recommend above minus the Michelada and tip is $38. You can't beat that.After eating and drinking many tequila drinks that have made me forget the horrors of the week, I take my daughters hand and saunter over to wicker park, where I can bask in the unseasonably warm sun and enjoy a few fleeting moments of uninterrupted half sleep time while I allow the juices to marinate in my belly. This place truly is an embodiement of wicker park, supplying the bad and the good, while still allowing you to feel like you're doing something when just lazily lying in a sunbeam after stuffing your face with pork and liquor on a Friday. For a few precious moments, I am transported out of wicker park and into southern California or northern Puerto Rico. When I burp, the tequila rises from the back of my throat and reminds me how lucky I am to be an American.The reason I hesitated to go here in the past is because I've tried and failed so many times to get in.  And I think that's pretty fucking stupid for a taco place.  I was there the first week they opened and got smashed between the back wall and 500 sweaty dipshits for about half an hour, until I finally gave up on getting a beer or a taco or even a water.  After that, I walked by with friends about a million times, put my name on the list, and then immediately took it back off after they told us it would be AT LEAST a 17 hour wait.  Sorry, but I just don't think any taco experience is worth a long wait.  I'll go sit on my stoop and have a can of beer and a trailer park style taco I whipped together myself while the rest of you jackasses wait in that line for some gourmet pig butt.Anyway.  So I have no say in the venue for a particular event last week.  I walk in during a snowstorm and I'm bundled and peeking around to see if my party is there yet, and this guy in a super-tight shirt comes up to me and says something.  I say "hold on" so I can get my gloves off, pull my hood down and take my hat off so I can hear what he's saying to me.  He does this little huffity huff thing like he's fucking busy trying to online shop for giant star pendants on his smartphone and I've interrupted him.  Meanwhile, as I struggle with my winter accoutrements, the rest of my group comes shoving in the door behind me.  So StarFairy repeats, "ID'S!!!" and eyes me like, "See, bitch?  I am the gate keeper."  So I dig for my ID and hand it over and he glances and walks away.  I hope he got a good deal on some man jewelry.We approach the pixie in the Zooey Deschanel Halloween costume because she has a clipboard, not because she's like, you know, making eye contact with us or letting us know in any way whatsoever that she's responsible for the seating.  We tell her we need seating for at least 6 people, the rest of us can stand if that's OK.  Well guess what?  That's actually not okay.  There can be no standing.  There can be absolutely NO ONE blocking the aisles.  I have to keep the aisles clear.  Do you understand?  Do you understand that the aisle has to be clear?  Okay.  As long as you understand that.  If you want to stand, stand in the back.  Not around the tables or around the bar.  You will have to STAY in the back.  There will be NO standing around allowed in the front of the restaurant.You have now entered the 1940's Berlin of overhyped taco joints.  We will henceforth refer to this place as "Der Tacoplatz."So after reading us the rules of the joint, Frau Doorlein just stands there, looking around, making marks on her little sheet.  "So..." we say, "when can we sit down?""Oh, I have a table ready now, but you can't have it until at least 4 people are here."  We look around nervously at each other."Well," someone says, "there are five of us here now?"  That's when Frau Doorlein SUDDENLY realized that there is a crowd of people in front of her.  "Oh, I didn't know you were together!  Well, I can seat you now, but you can't stand in the aisles, okay?  Are we clear on that?  No standing in the aisles.  If more people come you have to tell them that.  They have to keep the aisle clear."  Okay.  We fucking get it.  Give us a goddamn table.So we get a table in the back and we make sure not to stand.  Our waitress was fast, and efficient, but we encountered the same Reich Bar policies with her when we placed orders and she tried to collect all of our menus.  "Can I hold on to this?" someone asked about ONE menu (which is a small one-paged double-sided thing).  "Um, no, actually?" she says.  "If you want one, it will be over here and you can come and get it.  It's 'cause the tables are so small."We realized that in order to get another menu to order more food, we'd have to get up and STAND IN THE AISLE to reach them.  We had to set up a covert mission to do this when we wanted more tacos because we didn't want to get shot.  Eventually, our food came, and one person got his order on a plate by itself, and all the rest of us were served our food on a single plate--which meant we had to figure out what the hell everything was and everyone handled everyone else's food and my germ phobia went zipping off the charts and when I finally got my pork belly taco I was ready to leave.  This was in part because of the Storm Trooper staff and the strict regulations in part because of the giant crowd of Lincoln Park shit sacks standing in the aisles around us talking about beer and football and saying stuff was "totally boss" and shit.Oh, the food?  It was okay.  IF YOU LIKE THE TASTE OF FASCISM.Here's the thing: I'm a good girl.  I'm orderly.  I play by the rules.  I don't cheat.  I'm a generally nice person.  I don't push and shove.  I don't get angry very easily and I'm only aggressive when it comes to my career and playing board games. The seating situation at Big Star brought out all of my bad girl tendencies.Never before has a restaurant tested my need for an orderly lifestyle.  Upon entering what can only be described as a complete clusterfuck was happening in Big Star.  Because most of the seating is around the massive square bar located smack in the middle of the restaurant with a few stray booths reserved for parties of 4 or more, there's no waiting list for prime bar real estate.  You have to uncomfortably hover around the folks eating at the bar, pray they finish quickly, dive-bomb their seats as soon as they leave and hope some bitch doesn't cut you for a much sought after bar stool.  It makes me tuck away all my nice girl tendencies, roll up my sleeves and get ready to tackle another chick wearing stilettos... and I'll do it because I've been working out AND I'm usually wearing flats.Seating woes aside, I did enjoy Big Star.  Their drink menu is whiskey and tequila heavy.  Perfect for me.  I'll stick to a nice Old Fashioned thankyouverymuch.  If you know your whiskey you'll be very excited to see pages and pages of your liquid mistress to keep you happy.  I managed to take a sip of my friend's margarita which was powerful and tart.  Mmm...  Me likey.Food.  Food!  Not much variety on the menu.  Um, pork tacos.  Chicken and fish tostadas.  Chips and guac.  Uhh, I'll take a fish tostada and a chicken tostada, please.  At $3 a pop, you can load up on Mexican goodies and not break the bank.  I was satisfied by my two taco meal, but I'm sure the menfolk could easily kill 5 tacos and not break a sweat.  I really liked the flavor of the fish tostada with radishes and fresh avocado slices.  Add the green salsa and you're looking at a winner.Maybe not the best place for a large group or stressed out diners.  Big Star is not a relaxing place to grab lunch or dinner. But if you're feeling adventurous (or just very lucky), I would give Big Star a shot.What do y'all mean "our server" over and over again, as is "our server sucked" and whatnot?Because, here's the thing :You see a really crowded clusterfucky seating area...but then you a slightly less clusterfucky take out window! right next to it!...and a 7-11and it's all next to a park...What's it like inside? Shit, I don't know.* Don't care. Not even gonna try probably. From the outskirts, looks like a lot of the young and privileged wearing big sunglasses, even inside, talking loudly with some really good country or rockish or western or country/rockish/western type music blaring kinda obnoxiously loud in background with very little attention toward people minding each others personal space.  And more power to them.And y'all are still waiting for somebody to bring you a Schlitz or some shit and a taco for 45 minutes? Because NO beer and taco will taste good by that point because you'll be (obviously) wanting to stab a fool and because I'm already happily done eating by that time. Make that change! byob and just consider this place a straight up take out place and all of a sudden, life is great. Chill at the picnic benches next to the take out or go to that park or whatever...because the food here is hella delicious. And cheap. And made by some of those people who own those kind of fancy restaurants that I can't usually afford thepublicanrestaurant.co… . And seriously, to all of the "I know authentic tacos!!" people, seriously - shut the fuck up already.  There are more than like one or two ways to make a taco - everything doesn't always have to be like that one place you go to when you're druuuuunnnnk and makes "omg, the best tacos eva!!!" There are like a fuckbillion ways to make tacos and these are good.Pork belly taco? It's basically a BACON TACO = goooooodAl pastor? STFU! These bitches got it right on! perfect pineapple, lots of burnty pieces with the moist pieces of pork - gooooooodChicken tostada? Hold up - that mess is pollo asado! Con thigh meat - say it with me - gooooooood. The menu changes, but past tacos have included a fried chicken mole taco. That's like my own personal Prince Charming of tacos. I would fucking defile a fried chicken mole taco. Veg options - rojas poblanos tacos and guacamole and a shake - who doesn't want that?ps - it does seem like a kind of shitty place to work - rich owners making others work with no air conditioning in a hot ass kitchen on a hot ass day while dealing with bitches in ironic gear all day? [shudders]Have mercy on them. Leave tips out of the goodness of your heart or just light a candle later.*I have actually sat inside. It works well only like on a random Tuesday at 2:30pm or something - basically only if it is almost totally empty inside. The take out window is still the best choice.This place is all over the map. First hurdle: There is an entrance, but it's unmarked and you will drive/walk past it several times before you figure out that the drab, grey garage is actually the place raved about in the New York Times.OK, you've made it inside. Next hurdle: It's a restaurant, but you have to sit around a bar. Wait, there are tables, but oh, you can't sit in them unless you have a larger party. Oh wait, small parties can sit in them, but only if it's after a certain hour.Alright, you've decided you can deal with sitting at the bar. Hurdle #3: There is a host, but oh wait, they won't seat you, they'll just explain that you have to hover around the people eating at the bar until someone gives up their seat. And there's no priority system, so you either have to watch your fellow hover-ers like a hawk, or stake your claim to an area and pray they leave as soon as they're done eating. Hurdle #4: Cash only. Obnoxious, considering this is not a Mom-n-Pop kind of place that can't afford a credit card machine.Final hurdle: The servers don't write down your order. I cannot fathom why places do this. Especially at a place like this, where the menu encourages you to order a lot of small items. It inevitably leads to a screw up, which is exactly what happened. We ended up getting two of something we only wanted one of, and none of something else. There is a very easy fix for this: FUCKING WRITE IT DOWN.If you can get past the foregoing barriers to enjoyment, you will probably find that you like Big Star. A lot. For one very good reason: The tacos are tasty little bastards. Fresh tortillas, piled high with delicious carnitas, pescado, pork belly, ect. Add in just the right amount of guac, cilantro, and/or pico. And, most critically, a lime wedge. Top them off with one of the three salsas set at each station. Yum. And they will run you about $3/apiece. Three to four makes a meal.Big Star also has a great beer selection, and by great I mean cheap and served with limes. Sip it while taking in the converted garage decor, and by decor, I mean the light fixtures above the bar. Sparse, but awesome.Despite the excellent food and drink, I can't give Big Star more than three stars due to the aforementioned set up issues. I'm sure they become less of a problem after the first visit, but I'm not into places that intentionally make it difficult to just show up and have an enjoyable meal. I just don't want to work that hard.I think depending on your expectations you might either be enamored of Big Star Taco, or hate everything about the permeating pretentiousness of this so-called "hot-spot."If you're looking for a place to watch the beautifully bourgeois of Wicker Park in full hipster splendor, this might be your shangri-la. If however, you're looking for a Mexican meal that approximates the flavors and abundance of authentic cuisine, I suggest literally any other restaurant you can find. On a Thursday evening I found the staff to be immensely snobby about the prospect of seating me. I was carded before they let me put my name down on a table, even though my stated purpose was dinner. The hostess graciously allowed me to put my name down with only a cluck of her tongue and we waited (and waited). While we didn't expect immediate seating with no reservations, I didn't expect to be treated like a pest to my hostess, who after calling me for my table, told me I didn't have enough in my party to take our seats. She told me I was lucky that none of the other parties of 5 had shown up, because if my party arrived I could then sit down. Not a few moments later the remainder of my party arrived. When I approached the hostess stand, she gave me the dreaded no-look  "just one second" finger so that she could continue her apparently delightful conversation with another employee. After we were seated, we waited about 20 minutes just for the waitress to pull menus out of the bench next to us. Another long wait for the drink order, and another one for the main order, they must be advocates of the slow food movement.The atmosphere can be charitably described as immensely loud, I'm not sure Glenn Beck could be heard over the blaring music, but I might prefer his voice to the audiological assault of music.The chips were really great, as were the roasted pork belly tacos. Both nailed their mark, but at 3 dollars for chips with no salsa but those at our table, and 3 dollars per taco, it was more like expensive tapas than a true Mexican meal.  However, nothing else about this place justified the high price and generally intolerable dining experience. I am of the opinion that any establishment should act as though they welcome each patron and the business they bring. I am told that this place specifically employs a smug attitude to give the appearance of exclusivity, which is also used in other establishments run by the same proprietors. My thoughts on the matter are, if someone wants to pay significantly higher prices for Mexican food that has but some of the flavor and none of the spirit, then by all means, it's a free country. For my part, I think the drinks are small, the cheer is smaller, and the only thing in abundance here is the soulless elitism that is slowly gentrifying the city we love into a Disnified version of itself.While I hate to differ with the love fest that is going on with this place- I really just don't get it. The first time I was here I actually got a seat- but this time? Not so lucky. We got here on a Wednesday night only to be told by a harried host that he would take our name but he had no idea how long the wait will be but that we could stand in the crowded bar to wait. Uh . . .gee, thanks. We then stand inside waiting. And waiting. And waiting. And after an hour or so we go back to the host stand where he just shrugs and suggests that we may want to go elsewhere as he really has no idea how long this is going to take. These are tacos, people! Good, but tacos nonetheless. Served in a re purposed gas station (that part I actually liked). I, for one, am not going to wait to eat a taco. So I did what any sane person would do. I took the host's advice and left.When I first heard about Big Star, its location, its concept and its menu I firmly decided that I would never, EVER set foot in there.Tacos for hipsters?!?Forgetaboutit. Not for ME. I don't eat my tacos dubbed, thank you. Los quiero en la version originale, with rolling "R"s and extra cilantro.And do I really look like a hipster (whatever the definition of the word actually is)?!?Then, I moved down the street from the Enemy. The first time I tried I was more than slightly inebriated after an afternoon of World Cup watching and needed something to help me walk all the way back home. Big Star was on the way.I was defenseless and gave in.And realized it was actually:1 - quite cheap2 - quite goodDamn.I like the al pastor tacos (served with bits of pineapple, yum!), their cheap beer options and the take out window (which helps if you don't want to mingle and be surrounded by questionable - to not say 'retard' - trend-setters, and lose all fashion sense) but what I come here for is actually:****Tacos De Rajas De Poblanoroasted poblano peppers, onions, oregano, crema, queso de freir*****Love, love, love them. I feel guilty as charged.I dream about them at night.Can feel their light heat on my tongue right now.SIGH.3 stars because of the people, both customers and staff.It's called Big Star not Big Head. Lose the attitude.Good tacos, very good guacamole, and really good salad. Chips were fine. Salsas are excellent, too. Fairly inexpensive, too. We shared a tostada, large salad, chips/guacamole and a couple of diet cokes. Bill was $27, so not terribly high cost. Why only three stars? It was solidly good Mexican food, not bad, not great. Certainly not worth a long wait, which is what you'll get on weekends and evenings. Go at lunchtime on a weekday and you have your pick of tables. It's a fun atmosphere, especially when the weather is nice. If it's a Saturday afternoon or evenings, go to Zocalo in River North instead. It will be slightly more expensive, but the food is great there, prices are reasonable, they have a bunch of tequilas, and you can get a table (or eat at the bar) if you get there by 6:30 or 7 p.m. Also, you can use a credit card, another thing you can't do at Big Star.Booo on the hostess who says to my party of 2: "Eh well the booths are only for parties of 4 our more but you can sit at the bar or on the wall".  Uhhh biotch do you know how much money I spend on food and entertainment? A LOT.   I don't cook shaaat!!  Let's just say my fridge only has lime juice for my tequila and some Kraft singles (cuz those never go bad) and my stove is always clean (cuz I don't use it).  Metromix users Ooed and Aahed about the tacos and we didn't get to try em cuz our party wasn't large enough to sit on some wooden benches?  *In Ed Lover's voice*: C'MON SON!    Maybe they should've let us in and allowed us to spend money...so they could use it to buy a real sign instead of the one taped to the window. Douch bags.I don't understand. Let me get this straight... I have to wait in line for 20 minutes to put my name on a wait list for a table. Then I get to wait in the bar area for a half hour while shirtless over-served dudes are occupying tables by playing Uno. Then I finally get a table, but only one menu is available for the 4 people at the table. The only thing on the menu are a few different tacos (with meat, which sucks for the one person in our party that is a vegetarian...she just gets to eat guacamole and beans.) Then we have to wait another 15 minutes to get our drinks. And people enjoy this?? Not me.We left without tasting the food, but I don't care if the tacos taste like ambrosia from Mt. Olympus that was just too much hassle for a f'ing taco.Wow, it's packed in here for 530. The chips are hella large and warm.  The salsa comes in 3 unlabeled bottles so i guess you play a mystery game with it.  All 3 were good, the chunkiest one was my favorite.  Let's call that the chunky salsa then.   The al pastor taco has grilled pineapple inside, which blends well with the dark, smoky taste of the al pastor.  The fish tacos are insane.7 oz schlitz for $1? Don't know how I feel about that.  And they serve horchata here!I'll chalk up my rather long wait for food to opening night crazies, and my bartender couldn't have been sweeter, even though she was swamped making labor-intensive beverages.  If i were her i'd steer people towards selecting beer.Earlier this week I discovered I had this afternoon free before I had to be back at work. Hmmm... me thinks my 2010 theme of having more fun needs to be activated here and now. Upon pondering some ideas of places to go for an early dinner/late lunch/medium sized snack I had a brilliant idea hit me: Big Star. I love tacos. I have time free when they open. I can eat. Trifecta!I wondered over just before 4pm, staff was having their final evening meeting so I shivered and waiting outside. Ahhh, it was fine, I could email in peace. Upon entering you feel you are at more of a bar than a taco place, good reason since the drink menu is twenty times the size of the food menu. Sadly, since I was returning to work, food was only on my mind, a drink or three will have to wait for another day. The bartender was nice, friendly and helpful with the few questions I had. As I sipped my lime aid, (tasty and refreshing even on a chilly winter day), I pondered the menu. I knew the tacos weren't huge, but I decided to go for three and tostada and start there. I am sure if I needed more, I could go for another round. IF I liked them. One lamb, chicken and al pastor taco and a chicken tostada please. Oh, serrano chilies? Yes, please. I needs to warm myself up!Shortly after about five minutes, out popped the food and damn, small.  Well for me small. Like three bites small. But some wonderful things are in those three bites. The lamb braised in a spicy broth, lovely and flavorful. The toppings a slight overwhelming, but really when blended well in a good size mouthful, it just presents heaven on a tortilla. The al pastor was good, the pineapple I have had with it before, but really it helped to balance the heat from my serrano laden taco. Superb. The chicken, although what many would considered ordinary, was quite a distance from it and neither was the chicken tostada. Loved every bite. In fact had to go for another round of three tacos. Yes, the if can go away, I liked them.Honestly I could have had a few more rounds of everything. More of the tacos, more of the tostadas, try some of the queso fundido. Seriously, I know I have an appetite but I didn't want to seem that hungry. Also, look and ask about the specials. A regular had gotten a treat, who shared some with me, plantain fries. Loaded. Plantains. Love. *Swoon*But the nice thing is, its fairly cheap. Tacos are $2 to $3 each, tostadas are not much more. The drinks will cost you, but when you see the selection of the drinks, it may make you giddy to the point of seeing things. For me, I see myself settling in on a cold winters late afternoon/night, away from responsibilities, a cold margarita in my hand, a plate of hot tacos in front of me and wide smile all over my face.I must be going at the right time because I've never had to wait for a table. The tacos here are pretty good, especially the fish tacos! The pork belly and al pastor are flavorful as well. I am NOT sorry about the time I accidentally ate my friend's pork belly taco!The margaritas are kinda meh, though. They are strong, but I find the flavor to be a little off. I'd stick to beer or another mixed drink. The patio is great for grabbing food and drinks on a nice summer day.I like to think of Big Star as an obese, scantily clad gutter troll that thinks she's hot and all that because she's wearing a skidmarked thong and she snagged the best spot to troll toll you on your away across the bridge.Nuh uh honey. This place has enough attitude to try even the most stalwart, trust funded, hipster.  The tacos are soggy, really soggy. And they are bland. The guacamole? I think I can make something with more flavor out of smegma. The night we skipped across town to visit this hipster magnet, the line for the patio snaked south damen to the park, why? WHY? YOU CAN GET BETTER TACOS FROM THE PLACE ON YOUR CORNER (OR DOWN THE STREET), A BETTER VIEW ON YOUR OWN DECK AND YOU WON'T HAVE TO WAIT THREE HOURS FOR SOME DICK TO TELL YOU, YOU'RE LUCKY TO HAVE EVEN BEEN SEATED.I am a taco freak, and I love this place. So does everyone else in Chicago, so you need to be patient! Bean dip, pastor taco, beers, done. I'm happy.Donnie Madia et al:  we know you are good at what you do.  Get over it.  People are going to get sick of putting up with your bullshit just because your food is good.  What type of sadist do you have to be to keep going back to your weirdly non-customer friendly yet super busy restaurants?  No offense.The food at Big Star is good.  I love the tacos al pastor.  I've been relegated to the carry out area twice due to egregious wait times (which I'm not offended by).I am however offended by $3 Mexican Cokes and signs that say "20 taco maximum."  Keep in mind that a half-mile west there are like 100 taco joints who charge $1.50 for the same Mexican Coke and who would like nothing more than to serve you 1,000,000 tacos.  Not that I would buy 20 tacos but it is exhibit A of bullshit.  "Our rules here people.  Not yours.  And we really don't have good reasoning behind the Coke price...we just want to stick it to you."Also, I don't like it when the guy behind the window calls out number 84 when it should have been 94, doesn't re-call the number at all "because they don't do that," and just lets my food sit there for 10 minutes.  When I figure out what happened I take the food back to the crammed picnic table and I see that I don't have the chip component of my $6 guac and chips.  So, I go back and knock on the window (now he's irritated because I bothered him) and he asks me "if I'm positive I didn't get the chips" and "maybe you can check your friend's bag." Since my friend bought one taco the chips could just slip in there.  I'm not trying to steal the goddam Mona Lisa - I just need my 35 cent bag of chips.Exhibit B:  Window guy: "it doesn't matter.  The customer is always wrong.  I'll just keep saying that to myself because the sadists will just keep throwing tips my way."Another thing.  It was like 90 degrees and I looked over at the patio area and there was this waiter guy who was serving food in a sleeveless basketball jersey.  Wow.  There is no deodorant on earth that could have helped that guy...I mean it was hot.  And he was really running around, leaning over people, serving them their food.  Gross bro.  Seriously?  And nothing classes a place up V-Live style like a basketball jersey.Exhibit C:  "I'm hot. You deal with looking at/experiencing my hot mess armpits right before you are about to eat.  I need to be comfortable.  If you can tell by my basketball jersey we're quite cool and laid back here.  So laid back we bust your balls over chips."I guess the margaritas are what make people tolerate this place.This place yanged my ying.3 weeks ago I paid much money to have someone inflict much pain as I tried a new diet fad which actually worked. its called oral extraction surgery.last night I gave up the pain of deprivation and filled the pie hole with many of the offerings at this location.yes, the food is good. yes too I must give credit to the eye candy and company which allowed me to sit at a table with them as this probably had my oral juices in over drive. the guac was refreshing, but could've used a bamm of some lime and salt to suit my taste. the wait staff seemed nice and concerned, but yes at a peak dinner time, service for drinks was too molasses ass slow... 20 minutes for a first quench was sucky.food came out within 11 minutes of ordering, but they chose to just group their tacos on communal plates, leaving us to remember who ordered what and trying to decipher the differences between the pork belly, the lengua and the other non veggie item which all tasted sublime, and left my mouth feeling like a blindfolded orgy bitch.yes, the place needs some tweeking to make the moments more than just the food and drink. they have a good foundation and just need to let go a little further.hell, add some color to the blank slate, even the bathrooms just felt cold though clean with just one little tag etched into the wall right above the muchkin sized pisser.I do give them credit as they did succeed in me wanting more.assholes, there goes the diet;pI heard we were extremely lucky to be seated as quickly as we were. We came on a Saturday early afternoon and found tables immediately. Our party was large, so we had to be split up, but that wasn't a huge deal. We weren't staying long and just wanted to grab a bite and hit the next spot on our Taco Tour 2012.Maria F. and I split a Taco de Panza, marinated pork belly with sauce, queso fresco, cilantro and freshly chopped onions. It was delicious, but it couldn't hold a candle to the Taco de Pescado, in my opinion. I love their light batter and the Chipotle Mayo. It was so good that I convinced my boyfriend to order another one and split it with me even though we had a number of other taco places to try. We washed it all down with their Mexican Hot Chocolate, Horchata and $1 mini glasses of Schlitz.I've tried to come here a couple times before and it's been way too crowded. They have a wonderful outdoor area in the summer and it's always full. I hope the next time I return that I'll have a bit of luck and snag another table quickly and get my mitts on another fish taco. It sounds like they have a take-out window, so maybe I'll have to utilize that.Pro's:Great foodAffordableAmazing barHuge bourbon list, and "in house single barrels"Near Public TransitCons:CrowdedSuper CrowdedHOLY HELL IT'S CROWDED (ON A WEDNESDAY NIGHT)Cash OnlyOthers:Clean restroomsNice staffPatio in summerSUCK MY LEFT ONE, BIG STAR. I see you've caught on to your hype and raised the price on the only good item you had: the al pastor taco. This used to be my default place for a decent, cheap lunch while working in the area, but screw it. It's time to start brown baggin' it again. $3 for a tiny taco in a city full of amazing, vastly superior Mexican food is a total fucking scam. Not to mention that everything else I ever tried here was terrible! Bland, bland, bland and never quite filling enough because the portions are miniscule. I realize this is to be expected of Wicker Park, but it's like they're not even trying.On a side note, the last time I came here to grab a bite before work I actually walked away from the take out window before I could even place an order because I waited over FIVE MINUTES without even being acknowledged by any of the kitchen staff. Not that I blame them, seeing as they were all frantically trying to prepare 2-3 items at once in that broom closet you call a kitchen. I bet they get paid shit for all that work, too, while all the bitchy waitresses make bank. Awesome.It genuinely pisses me off that all these Stupid White People(c) think Big Star is the holy grail of Mexican food when tiny portions, weak flavors and high prices are the antithesis of what a Mexican restaurant should be about.Bleeeegh.Ok I have been dying to check out this Taco spot and have to say that after starving and craving it all day it hit the spot!I had the Taco De Papas Con Rajas crispy potatoes, rajas chipotle, queso cotija, onion, cilantro and the veggie Tostado with mushrooms and arugala.  I loved the heat in the potatos that were on the taco and the tostado was something a little different but would have preffered some time of black bean spread on the shell.  It felt like it was too many mushrooms and not enough flavor.  The salsas are delicious and I would definitley come back if I am in the area and there is no line.  Always remember to bring cash!  I felt they were a little pricey for veggie options since Taco Joint charges a lot less and their tacos are fabulous!Went there Friday night for a get-together/bday gathering. There was only 6 total in our party so not an entirely huge group which makes seating easier.  Honestly, I don't know what the big deal about this place is....I yelp'ed it before going and saw it only received 3.5/5 stars reviewed by over 1000 ppl so naturally I think...eehhh....this place should be ok, not great but not bad.  Luckily, we found parking right around the corner and surprisingly it wasn't residential, so a plus for that.  However, long did I know that it would be a 30 minute wait just to even get your name down on the list to wait for a table!!  We got there at 7, put our name and number down at 7:30pm and was told the wait was going to be an hour to hour and half.Wow right?? Anyway, whatever....we decided to wait b/c there were plenty of bars within walking distance that we can wind down and grab a drink. But we decided, hey let's give them 2 numbers in case it was too loud or whatever reason for assurance, give them 2 phone numbers we can be reached at.  My friend went up to the list to add her number and the bouncer, yes they have a BOUNCER, was so rude and said she couldn't step up here.  I swear...these ppl treat you like 5-year olds, first day in kindergarten or something.  So it was another 10 minute wait before my friend was allowed to step past the bouncer into another "inside line" only to wait 5 more minutes before she can add her phone number.So we go down the street to 6 Corners, a chill sports bar, to hang out and wait to be called. An hour passes, both phones don't ring but we decide to head back thinking "ohh our table should be ready soon."  When we get there, my friend again reapproaches the bouncer and goes thru the same nonsense process before being able to talk to the girl that writes down the list.  And we learn that yes they did call us to tell us our table was ready but gave it away since no one answered.....well get this, we asked her to repeat the phone # and she freakin called the wrong number!!!!! seriously, how incompetent are these ppl, wasn't that the whole point to give TWO phone numbers!!!I'm only rating this place higher than I believe it to be b/c of the food. as the other reviews mention, chips & guac were good (the chips have a hint of lime flavor which is also a nice surprise and pleasant to the taste buds) and yes, the pork belly taco - Taco de Panza - was good.But the only reason why I decided to right this review was first, because of the awful service, it really needs to be addressed, and the delicious taco that may be unrecognized.  Its the potato taco - Taco de Papas con Rajas - it absolutely delicious, better then the Taco de Panza in my opinion.so yes, food was great but considering the service we had, we don't plan to be back.  it could have been just our luck that night b/c this place was PACKED!I have *never* been treated more poorly by an employee of a public establishment.  I have never been publicly belittled because of my weight and appearance by an employee who was on the clock.  To be clear, this was the middle of the day, and I was 100% sober.  We hadn't even entered the establishment. I've waited for a while to write this review - I wanted to be able to write it after giving it a bit of time, but I can't accept how I was treated.The bouncer/doorman Maurice (if memory serves) was aggressive and inflammatory, making a situation extremely volatile.  That sort of behavior is absolutely unacceptable from someone who is ostensibly paid to prevent problems.My crime? Briefly parking in the lot next door to big star (not owned by big star - owned, I believe, by the owner of the building my companions were bringing gear for an event into) I never left my vehicle and I informed Maurice that we would be leaving as soon as we finished unloading (something we were doing when he starting yelling at us). When I asked him to be more civil and noted that we had up to 150 people coming to Big Star that evening after the event we were hosting next door, he told me that they didn't want our business (though in a much more colorful way).When I asked for his manager, he said the manager was gone.  I came back later and asked someone else for the manager. As soon as Maurice saw that it was me, all of the sudden, the manager "was in a meeting" and would be for a long time.In the end, he won, I guess... but they'll *never* have my money nor will they have my respect.Here are my four words to describe Big Star: NOT WORTH THE WAIT. Why is everyone jizzing their pants over these tacos? I just don't get it. I can get a Lone Star beer elsewhere. Oh and I can also get a decent taco ON ANY FREAKING CORNER ON THE NORTH-WEST SIDE.Ok, now here's where I admit that I can't entirely understand the hype because I'm a vegetarian and their options are already slim, but take out meat and you have two. TWO. Not including chips, obvi. So the tostadas covered in mushrooms aren't an option for me because if I wanted a fungi, I'd just call my boyfriend (puns!), but the taco option would be good if they didn't make it so hot that it was un-edible. Seriously. Even my friends who can withstand more mouth-heat than me made worse faces then they do when taking a shot of malort.  So I stretched my pescetarian legs and tried the tilapia. My exact words after eating it were "I wouldn't yelp about." But alas, here I am, yelping about it. Cause it made my taste buds so bored they considered taking up knitting (no offense to the knitting community).Also the margaritas weren't great.Also we waited an hour and a half.That'll do pig.Picky picky!  Too many rules.  I already knew that Big Star only accepted cash, BUT THEN....  We showed up here on Saturday night around 8pm with a crowd of people standing in the doorway.  I finally squeezed through and was abruptly told by some dude with very nice eyewear that the bar was at capacity and I could not enter the building.  I asked him if I could at least put our name down for a table? That is when the Hostess informed everyone standing there that they only took names for parties of 4+.  Since it was just me and my dining companion, we left.I am certain that I will make my way back here at some point, and will update my review accordingly.  Hopefully their attitude has improved.I love reading yuppies' reviews of average but trendy places! "The staff was a bunch of assholes and I was treated like shit, but the taco was great and I could get wasted on $30 pitchers of Margueritas, so it was the best place I've ever been!!!" The place was OK and the food was above average but the music was abusive to my very post yuppie ears, so I'll pass in the future. You hipsters should ask for directions out of Wicker Park for a few hours and head down to south 26th street for Mexican food that will knock your Pradas off,  served by friendly, appreciative servers for a price of two beers at Big Star.5 stars for Big Star!The star-by-star review:1 - If you order food, go with the tacos de pescado; the tilapia is absolutely delicious.  After a dash of hot sauce, these tacos are the perfect snack to prevent drinking on an empty stomach.  Which leads me to...2 - The drinks!  Big Star's claim to fame is their enormous selection of whiskey, but the tequila and American craft beer selections are also respectable.  Every night of the week (weekends included!), there is a $3 special whiskey shot.  The Big Star margaritas may steal the limelight, but you must try an Old Fashioned.  It was a bit stronger than I'm accustomed to and perhaps not as complex as a drink from "that speakeasy across the street," but it was a smooth and enjoyable drink.3 - The bar was insanely packed, but the bartender stopped by after a few minutes to see if my Old Fashioned was made to my liking.  Who doesn't love good customer service?4 - The outdoor patio is perfect for people watching, or when it is just too damn loud inside of the restaurant itself.5 - Maybe you're getting ready to call it a night and that one little taco wasn't enough for you?  Fear not, there's a to-go window, where you can grab another for the road.Cash only.Overrated.  The people who love the new gentrified wicker park are the people who use yelp are the people who love this place.Fun place, hospitable staff, solid food...and bourbon, bourbon, bourbon.  Mmm.  I should have counted, but I think that there were at least three dozen, plus a handful of expert cocktails.As far as the grub goes, the pork belly tacos are by far the standout.  Do not miss these.  We also tried the carnitas (tasty, but they include pineapple, which is too much sweet for me on a taco) and lamb (seemed a little boring).  The guacamole with radish slivers (a unique touch) is very good, but somehow the chips are even better, very sturdy but not heavy with grease.  One other dish that let us down somewhat was the fried plantains.  We were not expecting them to be cut--or to taste--like French fries.  I hated to see such a big plate of food go to waste, but after we had eaten a few, we sort of gave up because there just isn't much to the dish to make it interesting.I would definitely come back, but watch out for the crowds:  even on a Wednesday, this joint was packed full until about 9:30.  Apparently in the summer they will have the garage doors open and patio/parking-lot seating, but, man...summer is a long way away.I loved the al pastor and poblano cheese tacos, enjoyed the two different salsas, thought the take out window was brilliant, and was impressed by the cheap price tag.HoweverThe guy taking orders at the take out window was rude.  I can be kind of empathetic for people that have to deal with crazy drunks wanting late night food, but this was 9 PM.  In addition to the fact that he acted as if my order was a complete inconvenience to him, I watched him yell at the kitchen staff as well. The food, convenience and price tag are enough of a reason to return, I just hope the next take out window attendant will be more hospitable.Big Star is alright.It's crazy packed all the time, I suggest rolling in around 11 on a weeknight. We were able to get a table quickly.I dig the whole concept, but it is not cheap! $3 for a tiny taco? Well, they're fancy, foodie tacos. There's your justification.I will say that the pork belly taco is as wonderful as everyone says. The food IS good, but I wasn't blown away by the other tacos I tried. The horchata was tasty and I liked that I was able to spike it with rum. Boozey horchata? I'm sold.I was really excited to try Big Star, after hearing so much buzz, but I just wasn't impressed. It was good, but not as awesome as I had hoped.Very loud, very crowded, and a great place for a large group.The food was good, and available by the piece.  Everyone's food is served on one communal plate.  The inner room is set up to accommodate large groups with a central large multiple-bartender bar as the centerpiece of the establishment.Easy access to the Blue Line and many buses.  Washrooms are clean.Frequented by a younger crowd, conversation can be difficult.  Servers are friendly and efficient.  Hosts are efficient and friendly, but very businesslike.I recommend Big Star for a no frills drink and snack with friends.Hype much? Really now...I'll give it to Kahan. Premier location. Cheap eats. Bumpin' patio. But seriously, educate your staff on hospitality. Fcuking ridiculous. RIDICULOUS.Table for two: two and a half hours. How many tables were empty in that time frame? Seven. There were constantly seven tables that were available for patrons to sit, dine, and drink. But no. Seated we were not.What bothered me even more? The fact that random people were let in because they knew the staff. Maybe they were called for their table? No. I was watching the hosts like a hawk, waiting for them to pick up the phone and dial my number. NEVER HAPPENED.So after hours, I sat and ate $9 worth of food...half of which was not ordered by the wait staff. I had to ask where food was before they ran back to the kitchen to reorder it. The server owned up to it and comped it, but c'mon man, it was the simplest of orders. Three tacos and some chips. What's up, surrrriously.Would I go back? If the staff was trained like that at the Publican, avec, or Blackbird, YES. Wtheck, Chef Kahan?Like most people have already said, the food and the drinks here are VERY good.  They are good enough that I will occasionally visit.  Usually as soon as I walk through the door I remember why I avoid it in the first place.  The wait staff, the bartenders, the customers ... even some of the furniture has an attitude.  The last time i went I did manage to get a booth and a very friendly waiter but it was after having to deal with the aloof bartender and the uptight customers.The food and the drinks are super good though so if you're going to give it a shot try for off-peak hours or takeout. As for me I will continue to avoid Big Star ... until those pork belly tacos call my name again.Oh Big Star you are definitely the "Grande Estrella" in my taco corazon!Yes, the place is hella, crazy, annoying crowded.Yes, its cash only.  Quite annoying.  Believe me i feel you, Im the girl who charges .32 cents on her debit card bc i seriously NEVER have cashYes, the door/bouncer dude can be a jerk sometimesBut is it worth it???   Ohhh its so worth it.  Tacos de Panza:  Oh my lord...soo good.  Perfectly crispy.  Perfectly seasoned.  And the queso fresco.. mmm.  I love queso fresco.  The tacos de Papa are nice and spicy.  They taste just like the ones my grandma used to make but somehow fancier.  Sorry Gramma! And they're not stingy on the filling.. these tacos come stuffed.. At time I usually order extra tortillas.  Maybe it's the Mexi in me or the carb lover in me (??)  The guacamole is nice and chunky and the chips are always fresh.  And the margaritas, you ask?  Well, I've never left this place sober!  ha!  Nice and tart and fresh (No im not describing myself)  I love that they Seriously you have to try this place.  Just look past the attitude, come w plenty of cash and expect to wait... but if you're with friends. who cares!  Enjoy!Somebody please explain the hype to me!Crowded as hell (people if you're not eating or drinking stop blocking the bar so I can get noticed by the staff and order an overrated taco)Long wait for half-decent tacoscash-onlyNice location, but needs improvementI am giving Big Star - three stars because I was there 4 times - I had three good experiences and one really bad experience. The food here is really good and priced well so I can forgive the staff and their belligerent attitude....for the most part. My first three or four times there, I didn't have any problems. It wasn't all hugs and kisses, but nothing terrible.  My most recent visit was at the walk up window where I encountered, the Taco Nazi.It was a Tuesday night around 10pm, I ordered a veggie taco from the walk-up window.  I must add, I was the only person at the walk up window.  You pay at one window, walk 3 feet and pick up your taco - but NO ONE tells you to save your receipt.The Taco Nazi started to yell "62!"  "62!" I was confused, wasn't sure what the hell he was yelling. I asked, "Is that a veggie taco?" and he shrugs his shoulders and continues to yell "62!" I then ask, "Do I need my receipt?"  The Taco Nazi nods "Yes". I begin to look for my tiny receipt in my giant purse in the pitch black night.  No receipt.  Taco nazi watches my struggle in jubilation. I accept defeat and confess to the Taco Nazi that I cannot locate my receipt.  Taco Nazi shrugs his shoulders in protest and refuses to relinquish my taco.I am ready to jump through that little window and kick some hipster ass.  Instead, I growl at Taco Nazi "Keep the Fucking Taco" and head down Damen street back towards the safety of the Gold Coast.  In the Gold Coast, we may have douche bags and sugar daddies but at least they don't hold my tacos hostage.The tacos were pretty good. The tacos al pastor were good and the pineapples were a nice touch.   The tostadas were good.  I liked the freshly made chips, but everything else was just okay.   The service was okay too, for an early Sunday afternoon. What irks me about the place is that it STILL doesn't have a website.  It's 2010 and times are tough.  But not having a website doesn't make a lot of sense in this day and age..   Most of the people know that there are some big names behind Big Star.  So the question is, "Are these people being thrifty, arrogant or just simply brilliant at marketing?" Is it an, "act like we're broke, but rake in the cash business model?"Or a sincere, "We're really watching our budget and cutting costs business model?"   I don't know the answer to this question, but I'm guessing it's a little bit of everything.How fitting it is that I can now both no longer visit the Pontiac or buy a new Pontiac. Instead, I can go to a place with mediocre food and eat along side people that push strollers that are the size of a Pontiac.At this point in time, I've now visited thrice. The first two visits were only for drinks and snacks. This time, dinner.I ordered a pitcher of Schlitz, a pork belly taco, a lamb taco, an order of guacamole, and a side of refried pinto beans. Here goes:I've never gone anywhere in the Americas that serves soft corn tortilla tacos that only uses one tortilla. I'm pretty sure that they cost roughly one penny each which is why even in the poorest of lands, they double up. People won't complain about soggy tacos if ya'll stick to tradition. The meats were all perfectly tender and juicy, but the spice was lacking to a point that it was just boring to eat. The poor service didn't particularly bother me due to my permanently relaxed nature, but I will mention a few things about it. Our guacamole didn't come out until I had asked when it would arrive. Then I would later find that when I asked, I was charged for a second order. Also, it was around 90 degrees outside and we were never offered water.The business model is actually rather genius. Build a massive bar and force people stand near it while they wait. And make sure that it's cash only. We wouldn't want people to realize how much money they've wasted while waiting for an hour or two. Then seat them, take an order, walk away and repeat.In the end, I've learned to never return to a place that serves Mexican food that isn't actually being served to and from Mexicans.My friend told me this place was great and dragged me here to eat before we went out. I looked it up, and at over 800 reviews, it must have something going for it. We rolled up, and there was a line to go inside. Really? Us two cute girls standing in line to enter a taco restaurant? Next time I'll be sure to reserve a table with bottle service.Sheesh.We realized that food could be bought to the right, so we waited in THAT line. I ordered a taco de pescado ($3) and a torta de pollo ($4) while my friend got a salad ($9) and a taco de pescado. It took way too long to get my food, and people who ordered after me got their food before me. Why? Oh, remember your order number and hold onto your receipt to get your food.I wasn't going to get the fish taco, but I'm very glad I did. The tilapia is beer-battered. It was delicious, especially doused in the salsa verde. The torta was hard to eat, and very oily.Overall, good, but I don't get the hype. I feel like you can get more and better tacos and tortas for the same price - or cheaper. My friend said the margaritas are good, so I'd go back to try that and other stuff on the menu.Adventure Fridays continue, yee haw.Our experience here started off just great when the hostess asked my 30 year old daughter for an I.D.  She was thrilled so I quipped, will you need to see mine?  I immediately realized that, ouch, the Host might have an eye rolling reaction.  Nope, without missing a beat, he deadpanned back,   "I am going to see all 3 I.D.'s"  We all had a nice chuckle and it was a pleasant start to a nice visit. We arrived about noon and got the last booth even though they reserved it for a group of four.  That was very cool!  The waitress was friendly and attentive and the guacamole was great - creamy with a few chunks and sit up and notice lime flavor instead of burn your tongue off spice that is more prevalent other places.  When you are a 58 year old retired Spanish teacher in a Hipster Taco joint it is giggly fun but your expectations for a decent taco are pretty darn low.  And that's what I love about low expectations - when the opposite occurs it just lights up your brain and in this case also your mouth.  I loved the Al Pastor and the pork belly tacos I devoured and my sister loved her corn taco but found it a tad spicy.  My daughter enjoyed the fish taco very much as well so they were batting a thousand.Then why the four, Kathy?  I found the sleek grey cool gas station redo  of the restaurant didn't work in the bathroom - it seemed pretty much like a dirty gas station bathroom to me.  And the music was crazy loud for lunchtime at noon.  I get it if there are a couple of hundred bodies at the bar on a pulsating night but volume controls can be dialed down, yes?Hipster tacos you surprised me!The tacos are good but when the bald guy in charge of checking ID's called a female member of our group "Bill Clinton" (you can probably deduce what the 'B' and 'C' stand for) we decided that these would be the last tacos we would be ordering from Big Star. I've read some of the other yelp reviews and apparently a negative experience with this particular employee is common.  When a restaurant continues to employ staff that think it's acceptable to treat customers this way, it says something about the management as well.I just went here today after being told their tacos were amazing. Ordered 2 hotdogs 1 al pastor, 1 Papas taco and a horchata.I was disappointed by the taste, size and price. Horchata tasted like red hot candy or big red gum....disgusting.The flavor profile of the Papas taco was weak at best. The meat wasnt overcooked, dry or tough but had no impact on my palate whatsoever. I took a bite and thought wow....ive had a more flavorful taco at a carnival for 2 dollars cheaper.The al pastor taco was better than the Papas but still wasnt anything to write home about. The combination of pork and pineapple will work in almost any application but I could pull something together better than what they handed me. I wouldnt tell a friend lets go get some awesome tacos and take them here....I love mexican food and I will give this place one more chance someday but I was severely let down by all the hype regarding the food.The hotdogs were good, it was a  bacon wrapped hotdog....so it would be hard to mess that up, the toppings were colorful and flavorful and the beans were really good as well.Bottom line, I dont know what all the fuss is about.I would not recommend to a friend.We got off the L and followed the crowd.  It wasn't really obvious this was Big Star, but with the look of the hipster crowd and a food truck parked in front, I just assumed.  We thought about waiting for a table but opted for the takeout window and a dirty picnic table instead.  The woman taking orders literally shuts the window on you if she does not want to serve you.  I guess at some point they need to push out the orders and not take anymore?  We ended up ordering the pork shoulder, pork belly, and fish tacos, chips and guac, along with horchata and a Mexican Coke.  The highlight of the meal?  The Horchata!  Probably the best I've had.  Maybe because it was hot and I was craving something sweet, but I thought it was excellent.  I expected more from the Coke but it wasn't even cold.  The tacos were good, although extremely messy.  Pork belly was probably my favorite.  The guacamole was really good - a decent sized portion with a ton of lime in it.  A little on the tangy side but I liked it.  The problem was the price.  $8 for some chips and guac to go?  Seriously?  Don't know if it's even worth waiting for a table.  I would just take it to go.  The wait wasn't long after the woman opens the window to take your order.This place is fun and I would go back...multiple times if I had a chance.  It's crowded, loud, takes forever to snag a table AND it's all worth it.  The food isn't authentic but rather a modern take on mexican classics.  I tried just about everything on the menu (it took more than 1 visit of course) and I could see ordering all of the items again. There are no misses on this menu.  My favorites were the panza & fish tacos. Also, the margaritas are strong and tasty. protip: if the weather's nice sit outside because you'll have no waitOn principle alone, i've avoided the mythic Big Star since the day they opened.  And it's for similar reasons i've eschewed that overpriced, trendied out yupster haven across the street.  No place is that upfront and cool that accounts for their wait policy and general pretension they exude.  But we're not reviewing a speakeasy here, we're talking tacos.So i've walked past here a bazillion times and it's always rammed to the gills w ppl too cool for school, all admiring one another for their ironic dress differences....umm, they apparently didn't get the memo: in an overt attempt to be so "different" they all end up looking the same, which is to say, usually ridiculous.Oh, the review, soz for the tangential side.  I came w my 5 y/o on a stunning Wed afternoon after hanging out in the WP playing some baseball, or our version of it.  There was a wait of about 8 ppl on the hosts list so we put our name in (I needed cash anyway).  As we were walking away, she calls my name and says, you know what, take this table in the corner, you have a boy who looks hungry.  Ha, well then, sure we'll take it.  That basically cost me $3 bc I had to use their ATM and that's the re-re'd fee they charge.  How  tedious of you BS. Menu, simple, fairly cheap and nice variation, I was really looking forward to our meal.  Chips and Salsa:  bad chips (El Ranchero or tasted exactly like them....i know it's a chicago product but i've never liked them).  Uninspired salsa's.  A basic runny Verde and Roja in plastic bottles that are already at the table.  Overall 2/5 at best.Al Pastor:  A bit fatty and not very warm.  Home made corn tortillas were just ok.  Overall  2.5/5Beer battered Tilapia:  very thin cut of fish, lightly breaded.  Not a lot of flavor but ok, 2.5/5.Pollo:  It's chicken thigh i believe, again, some very fatty pieces in there, decent flavor.  2/5It's possible I'd come back but pass on pretty much everything we ordered and try other menu items.  There's so much better Al Pastor in Chicago as well as chix and fish, and esp the chips and salsa (the latter of which there's a charge).  Again, W.T.F.  Get over it already, you should pay *me* to eat that crap.Foolishly we gave Big Star another chance last night. We figured after our previous bad experience maybe we should try it early on a Sunday evening in hopes that it wouldn't be so busy. We got to the door and saw that it was pretty mellow ... all the bar seats were taken but there were a few open tables tables. So we asked to be seated only to be told brusquely tables were only for parties of four or more and if we wanted to eat we'd have to wait for seats at the bar to  open up.This makes sense during a rush, but man, good hosts and managers know when to go with the flow. Not to mention, this place seems flexible about closing its kitchen early when they're busy6, but inflexible about seating two people in a booth when it's slow?I had high hopes for this place since I like the owners' other endeavors ... but this venture seems deeply flawed. It's touted as a laid-back no-frills joint, but in fact the staff has been nothing other than condescending and the number of rules and managerial missteps sort of kill that whole "laid-back" thing.Since Wicker Park  has grown used to restaurants that are full of themselves with no basis for their attitude I've no doubt Big Star will do well, but I think I'm going  to give the place at least a year before I try it out again. Maybe by then they'll have sorted all these issues out?Dear Big Star,I wanted to love you.  Your food was excellent and cheap.  Your bartenders were beautiful and charming and the patrons pretty in that dirty hipster way.  Good beers at a good price.  All positive things, right?  Well there was something so seriously off about your vibe that I'll think twice about going back.  Maybe you're trying too hard, Big Star?  I think you want to be that kind of place that is so authentically good that it doesn't need to put in any effort.  You don't want to need anything but white paint on the walls and a wall menu made from plastic letters.  You want to be the kind of place where hipsters hang because it's just grungy enough to detract the douchebags.  All that should just come naturally.  But with you, Big Star, it feels very contrived.  The red Christmas lights over the bar, the stand up while you eat thing.  The guy at the door who tells you the tables are only for parties of 4  and when you get a quizzical look on your face says "This is a bar not a restaurant".  Relax, Big Star.  We all know the superstars that are behind your food and concept.  Either be a shiny superstar like the Violet Hour or the Publican or be a hole in the wall.  What is with the real estate you gave to the bar?  That is such a trying-to-be-sceney-without-appearing-to-try-too-­hard move.  If you were the real deal, you would have a tiny bar and lots of uncomfortable 4 top tables.  If we're lucky we could snag one of the booths, but if we can't that's cool cause there would be other seats.  All the dirty, pretty people could still check each other out without that ridiculously humongous rectangle of a bar.  The ones who want some in-and-out food could do that with the benefit of a chair and the ones who want to hang and drink some beers or bourbon could do that too.  No one, not even the guy at the door, would need to get uptight.In summary Big Star, probably the only way I'll be back will be on a hot summer night when I've been drinking and need a to-go taco from the window.  For now, I'm not really interested in hanging out with you.I'm generally averse to "hipster" joints but, when you go out in Wicker Park/Bucktown as much as I do, it's pretty inevitable that you're going to fall in love with one. Big Star...I will sacrifice my extreme distaste for hipster hotspots just so I can feast on your fish tacos!!!Not only that, I also gorged on Tacos De Panza (with pork belly, hello!!!!) and tacos with poblano peppers/mint/queso fresco. We also had some limeade which was delicious with all of that rich food. Pity it wasn't warmer there on Saturday. I would have loved to sit outside but it was still too cold in Chicagoland. I definitely felt underdressed in the restaurant because I was wearing workout gear, in preparation for my 4-mile run that afternoon. Everyone else had on extremely tight pants, trendy sweaters, and funky haircuts. The service was a bit slow but the place was packed so it's understandable. But as I said, I will ignore the pretentious hipster crowd in order to eat those miraculous "street" tacos again. Bring on summer, beer, and patio dining!!!And now it's time for... more HaikusGetting a table,Wish I didn't have to wait.Tacos are worth it.Outdoor patio,best place in the summer forbocce ball, hipsters.Horchata is good,Goose Island Pepe Nero?It's even better.A pitcher of margsSeems like a good idea...Not on a school night.Queso FundidoMinus chorizo, becausemy hubby is veg.Carne asada,Al pastor, chicken's good, too,Why not have all three?Don't. Waste. Your. Time.I waited 1.5 hours for a table. I was asked to move four times around the bar, and none were to a table. I walked out. I would suggest a 1.5 hour swirley instead. You'll find striking similarities: You may get a drink. You won't get any food. The place is disgusting. There's a lot of turds near you. At least the turds in the swirley aren't pretentious turds. Honestly, I don't mind eating in dives, but this place is the least cool joint I've been to in years.Plus, wtf with no credit card? Get out of the stone age.Someone really ought to consider listing a second review spot for Big Star's take-out window, rather than reviewing the place as a whole, because the experiences are completely different.From a business perspective, the brilliant thing about Big Star, is it does a lot of different things for a lot of people.  There's a scene there, and plenty of scenesters to fill the space.  The scene many times spills out onto Damen with people waiting in excess of 90 minutes just to be a part of that scene.  Not my thing for sure, but I can see how if you were a scenester, this would be the place to go- especially in the summer.The over all feel for Big Star is one that I actually kind of like.  A converted garage, kind of divey, with Hank Williams and Johnny Cash spinning on old 45s and ample amounts of whiskey, bourbon and beer on offer at the bar.  The problem becomes, once again, the popularity of the place somewhat takes away from the experience.  Somewhat cramped seating areas and heavily worked staff equals a not so pleasant dining and drinking experience.  On more than one occassion I have had to ask someone to get the bartender's attention because I've had an empty beer and water glass for the last 15 minutes.  I'm a camel...  I need to drink...The prices over all are pretty reasonable.  Considering, no matter how you feel about this, these are some outstanding tacos, paying $3 a pop isn't outrageous.  I find that other items on the menu are fairly priced as well, and the fact that you can get a 7 oz. pour of Schlitz for a buck is about the only thing that attracts me inside these days.Which brings me to the other experience- the take-out window.  Perhaps the best no-longer-kept secret in Wicker Park, you can order pretty much any food item while Big Star is open, wait a few minutes and either take it to go, or eat at some picnic tables immediately next to the scenesters (or venture over to the REAL Wicker Park and eat amongst the families, drug addicts and dealers, and other fun people watching people).  I guess technically it is BYOB, but keep that shit in a paper bag and hide it because it really isn't allowed there.Considering I don't live too far away, and work even closer, I love Big Star for the take-out window and the ability to get some tasty al pastor, huitlacoche (by the way- many of the servers there don't know how to properly say the word "huitlacoche"), and pescado tacos on the go.Too bad I dislike it for the over-worked service and the pretentious nature that comes with the scene.Best patio in Chicago? It just might be.Mix cheap booze, delicious eats, and great people watching and you've got yourself a recipe for success. Tacos al pastor and de pescado shouldn't be missed.The cons are worth mentioning but probably not enough to keep me from coming back: a staff that is a little pretentious, cash only, and a guaranteed wait. On the latter point, they've got a great practice where they take your phone # and call when your table is ready--so you can grab a drink nearby while you wait. Funky, scene-y, and delicious. Will be back.Big Star is as close as Chicago gets to taco perfection. Being from La Jolla I know good tacos. The tacos al pastor here are savory, smoky, sweet and quite frankly: perfect. I've eaten here a dozen times and frequent the taco window in the summer. Seriously, it's the bomb.The whiskey selection is off the hook. The salsas are so good! I usually opt for 6 tacos al pastor and 2 Tecates. I can't wait to go back!What's a girl to do on her last day in town when the sun is shining and she's been away from California long enough to miss tacos? Well go to Big Star of course!These may not be your traditional choices but the pineapple compliments the al pastor perfectly, the crisp pork belly is drool-worthy, and the guac is pretty close to perfection. With delightful authentic cocktails and awesome limeade, Big Star is the perfect place to enjoy the sunshine while downing some delicious food. This place may draw you in with her spacious patio and positive buzz but she's definitely got some depth to her. The service is fantastic, and the guy at the bar who insisted he anonymously  pay our bill because we have "beautiful eyes" rounded out a perfect afternoon meal. Big Star, you can bet I'll be back for another sunny day soon!I feel the hate for the "no cards policy", but it doesn't overcome the fact that everything else seems to have been done "right". Big Star was clean and polished, the drinks were good, and the snacks, salty/tangy/spicy, definitely hit the spot.There are a few large booths along the side, but most of the seating is around the bar. We walked in at around 4pm on a Sunday, freezing cold outside, to find it packed, and getting packed-er, some great classic country music playing, and ate half a dozen tacos, and two fancy drinks each for ~$50.I think the key to full enjoyment, from reading other reviews, is to show up at a random time on a miserably freezing day, after getting a haircut. ps. Thankfully they had the common sense to burn the Pontiac bathroom to the ground before rehabbing the rest of the place.pps. The margarita is delicious, don't let the smokiness warning turn you off.We thought 5:30 PM on a Saturday night was pretty early for dinner, but so did the rest of the restaurant/bar.  It was packed!  And it stayed packed well past midnight when we returned for some drinks.Our waitress was extremely snippy.  She was in a bad mood before we got served.  She was efficient yet blunt, and she didn't hold back with the eye rolling or sighing.  If you hate people so much, don't work here!So I tried the chicken and pork belly tacos and the chorizo tostada.  They were a little more upscale and prettier than the tacos you get at a taqueria, and they should be for $3/each.  They were delicious, so I'd come back if I was in the area, and if there was no wait.  The food alone would be 4-5 stars, but the service and atmosphere are 1-2 stars.  I probably won't go out of my way to eat here because truthfully, I prefer the taquerias - better prices and less traffic.I don't think people come here for the food because it was nothing special.  I don't know if they're using the 'Tex-Mex' style as an excuse for their food not tasting great but I swear I can make guacamole better than theirs.  I ordered the Tacos Al Pastor and I think the kind you get at Tony's food has more flavor than Big Star's.  The prices are pretty reasonable but they only accept cash and that's kind of annoying since most places in that area accepts credit.So, let's talk about customer service.  Once we got to the entry way, the host or bouncer was rude and unhelpful.  He only loosened up when I jokingly asked him why he was giving us a hard time.  He also made comments about how we were 'old'.  I'm sorry, but he looked like he was about 40 years old so he is the last person to call 30 year olds 'old'.  The waitress was friendly and I have no complaints about her but the guy bringing the food out had an attitude.I think the real reason why people come to Big Star is their cute bartenders and relatively cheap food.So the past few times that I've been here I've just ordered from the take-out window because trying to get a table here is kind of a nightmare. We went on a Friday night & the guy tells us there are 40 groups ahead of us! WTH?! (for that I think i'd rate it more a 3.5 just based on the ridiculously long wait) So yea we just ended up ordering from the take-out counter. There is still plenty of outdoor seating on that side, but if you're looking to enjoy a margarita w/ your tacos then you gotta wait. I really like the food here though! The taco al pastor is super delicioso..the pork is marinated really nicely & its also topped w/ grilled pineapple. I also ordered the Ensalada de Big Star & I didn't realize that it was such a large portion w/ lots of greens, cucumbers, pumpkin seeds & chile ranch dressing. It's definitely big enough to share w/ someone. I love the chips & guacamole here too..they make the guacamole & the chips have a nice hint of lime to it as well. I didn't really mind that we couldn't order drinks at that side b/c I was feeling like having a refresco anyway. They have the old school glass bottles of coke & also serve Jarritos and Horchata of course. Ooh & they even have popsicles too..I had the rice it was a little different but still pretty tasty & perfect for a summer night.FYI: Cash only @ the windowI've been inside before too but only for drinks & the margaritas were A-OK, we were lucky enough to get in w/o waiting long..but I definitely would not wait if there were 40 groups ahead of me. I think I might have to stick to the take-out counter.Woah guys...Tues @ 6pm, this place was wall-2-wall!  The patio was packed and had a 45 min wait, but we were able to snag two seats at the bar.  I felt like an asshole because my darling companion is a vegetarian.  And there was only ONE taco selection that he was able to eat.  Luckily, he enjoyed it.  I devoured the fish & pork shoulder tacos.  The fish was tasty--everything had a kick to it, so have water and/or beer nearby.Usually I'm not too bothered by a mix of crowds, but with rowdy young guys across the way and being poked in the back by some girls obnoxiously huge purse, I was ready to GTFO of Big Star.In a modern world of really great tacos in Chicago, "meh, I've experienced better" is totally appropriate for this place.  The best thing about the place is that tax is included in the pricing.  The tortillas are ok, the guac is ok, the tacos are ok, but nothing is great or even good for that matter.  The taco fillings lack any sort of complexity in the seasoning and sort of fill the taco with a mushlike substance.  The salsa verde is very good, the chipotle salsa is so overwhelmed with the smokiness of chipotle that it would make a better ingredient than a topping for anything.  A fresher, brighter tomato salsa would be more appropriate.  Very disappointed.  And for crying out loud, clean the dust off the intake of your space heater in the front dining area, jeesh. I'd recommend some really great taco places not far from here but I'm afraid of having to wait in longer lines at them.The new squash tostada is boss. squash tostada + pork belly taco+ pickled veggies = the sometimes necessary 1am take-out window meal.Remember when you were a kid, at every lame birthday party, you played musical chairs? It was definitely easier to grab a seat there than it is at Big Star. Luckily - they've got a takeout window situated right next to a park. So grab some to go grub and a park bench and enjoy.If you luck up and find seating (which you will, if you're patient) then order a bunch of tacos and a pitcher of margaritas. They make a damn fine margarita here. I have to say - 4th meal feels way less guilty here than it does at Chava's. But that's probably just because it costs more so I don't feel as cheap.Okay .... LOVE Big Star! Love it! What's not to love ......+ Large garage style eatery with open patio for Summer dining & drinking+ delish guac+ Bourbon. yah you heard me, this girl got her Bourbon on ... to the tune of an Old Fashioned (J. W. Dant Bottled in Bond, Demerara, Angostura) - FIERY+ individually ordered soft tacos. DELICIOUS. Simple. Pure. Grubbin.A must stop anytime I'm in town!Sorry, I don't care how good your tacos are - the attitude merits never coming back again. We walked in with 3 people at 8pm on a Wednesday and were told that we could put our names down for a table, but that we'd be kept last on the list until our fourth person arrived. We were sent to wait between the bar and the wall, a space about 18 inches wide where you have to stand with your back flat against the wall so the screaming servers (yes, they did scream at us) can get back and forth to the kitchen. Stellar. Our fourth friend arrived, and the hostess finally put us on the list. When asked how long she thought the wait would be, she told us that she didn't know and no, she didn't have a rough estimate. We asked if we could leave a phone number, go down the street for a drink, and have her call us when our table was ready. Absolutely not. The best that she could tell us was that there were four big groups ahead of us.We eventually gave up, ordered food at the window outside and drove to a friend's house. Maybe I'm just not "cool" enough for this part of town, but if the experience is miserable, I don't care how good the food may be.I came on a Friday afternoon around 3pm.  Surprise. No wait time! That's kind of how it works.  Either come at a time when people should be at work or be prepared to wait.  Even at 3pm on a Friday Big Star was pretty busy, which speaks to its popularity.  Getting a booth was awesome, however people constantly opening the door to to the frigid Chicago weather outside was not.  I still have no idea why they kept going outside.  Also the service was great since it wasn't too busy.While this is a taco joint, I would first like to point out how awesome the daily $3 whiskey shot is.  Most taco places are all about tequila, but I love that Big Star also has a very large selection of whiskey - even bigger than their tequila selection.  This is almost enough to make me bump up my rating to 5 stars.  The beer selection is not as vast, but still pretty decent with more bottles than drafts.  Now the tacos. They are all so good.  I love pork belly, and the tacos de panza were awesome especially with the queso fresco on top.  I loved the arugula in the tostada de pollo and the pineapple in the taco al pastor.  The chips were nice and crunchy, and there are bottles of the house made salsas at the table.  So delicious and appropriately sized for $3.  They're small, so order at least a few per person. I'm not the first to complain about cash only, but why does this have to be cash only?  Bank fees suck, yes, but carrying cash is becoming more and more rare.  Maybe it's because Big Star is located in a hipster area, and it must be so hip to eschew credit cards.  Maybe next time I'll try to write a check in protest.  I'll definitely be back for some whiskey and tacos, and I want the sonoran hot dog so bad.No tacos can good enough to justify a 1.5h wait and paying a $3 ATM fee just because this place doesn't take credit cards. It's 2013 people! Food is a 4/5, in case you don't care about these.- $3 tacos full of fresh delicious organic ingredients- $7 cocktails made with boutiquey bourbons and tequilas- $3 starting prices for beer- Free ironic beards and moustachesShabby-chic, bare bones taqueria full of good food, good drinks, and the beautiful yupsters of Wicker park. But it's loud enough and dark enough that I can just concentrate on my pork belly taco with some of that chipotle salsa from the big, plastic squeeze bottle on the bar.from the reviews and my experience on a Wednesday night...this place seems to be perma-busy! while their inability to quote wait times can be frustrating, I appreciate their honesty - cause really now, on a nice summery night, with the lights strung across the patio and good company, who's in a rush!?the fish taco (TACO DE PESCADO) here is delish. excellent combination of textures and flavours - I should have ordered a second. the pork shoulder with pineapple taco (TACO AL PASTOR) was absolutely loaded with filling! I was impressed. the CHIPS AND GUACAMOLE was average, nothing special to it.the 30-40 minute wait time was manageable, and Wicker Park seemed nice enough of a neighbourhood to take a stroll as we waited for a table of 2.Scene:  Big Star Walk Up WindowMe: Hi! How are you? I was just eating outside on the bench and I ran out of salsa. Can I get a red one please? They: No. Me: What? They: No. We don't give out extras. Me: Huh? They :let's see the receipt? ??Me: Do you see the food all over my face? that is your product! (shows them bag of Big Star)They: This is the last timeMe: Right...The salsa is the size of a chicken mcnugget sauce holder. You guys can't afford to give out more then one? Whatever.So I have had two craptastic experiences here now.The first time was a Wednesday evening.  I called to see about the wait and was told it was very crowded and no, I could not put my name on the list.  OK, could you estimate the wait time for me then?  No, we don't do that.  You don't? No, because it could be 10 min or 2 hours.  Um, excuse me?  Seriously?I was pretty ticked off, but decided to try going last night.  We got there, it  was packed.  The host told us she had a list for outside but we could go inside and it was first come-first served.  We went inside and 2 guys at a booth happened to get up so we snagged the table.  The waitress then came over in a huff and told us it was only for 4+ people and there was a wait.  Well, maybe your host should inform people the inside is not a free-for-all then.  The waitress was incredibly rude, we walked out never to return.Big Star, get over yourself.Skip the ridiculous wait and just head to the pickup window on the side of the restaurant and get your tacos to go...or snag a seat at the two benches there...same outdoor seating, no two-hour wait, just one problem, they don't serve alcohol at the pickup window.You must try the tilapia tacos, the pork shoulder and the pork belly tacos, and of course, the chips and guacamole--all were fantastic. At $3 a taco, you can have a few, they're small but satisfying. Glad we did the carry out, crowd and staff was a bit too hipster for me.DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!!!!!Tacos are just ok and over-priced. I can go about 5 or 6 more blocks down Milwaukee Ave and get a better taco at Comales.But I guess if you are leaving the Double Door and are that hungry and feel like waiting 20 minutes for 3 tacos. This place will do.I think people just talk this place up because it's the "TRENDY" taco spot to go to.Based on my experience 6/30 We arrived at 7:30pm5 Stars for Casey the bartender...He was the saving grace and why this is not a one star. Had it not been for the excellent service I would have walked out. He completely changed my mood and kept me ordering more beers and food.We sat at the bar as most know it big star that's the fasest way to get a seat. Which I actually love... I sat towards the back where the fruit was placed....(bad move) not only was I grossed out a big because fruit flys were basically LIVING in the lemon container....One thing I will say is I did not see use of a lemon the whole time I was there where at one point I took a napkin and just placed it over the lemons.Also when we sat down we were greeted by a VERY intoxicated gentleman ( i use this term loosely ) He was so intoxicated  that he couldn't get his food in his mouth it was revolting. He was eating and all the food was falling on him and on the floor...there was a bartender with a grey tank top...side braid....that looked grossed out by him but didn't pressure his friends to get his guy out of here. At one point I was a bit scared because he he kept staring at my girlfriend and i....weirdo....Finally after about 25 minutes and the creeped out looks from everyone surrounding this guy they left.BACK to us just sitting at the bar when we walked in. the girl with the side braid had us sitting there for about ten minutes without a glance our direction which was a surprise to me because of the drunk show happening next to us....when she finally served us it just felt like a bother...after two beers and being the annoying people of trying to flag her down I was ready to give up. Until I caught eyes with Casey and he came right up and was ready to take our order. The bar was busy but he GOT IT DONE with great calmness and ease. I didn't feel like I was I was bothering him....I will be back....i think this was a bad experienceThank you Casey for great service.Not your average taco shop!  This was quite a hip, happenin' spot early on Friday evening.  I would love to come back in spring or summer with the huge front windows open.  Interesting drink selection heavy on the bourbon, whiskey, and tequila.  I went with the bourbon & rootbeer.  Yum.  The guacamole and chips were delicious and plentiful.  The queso fundido with chorizo was to-die-for.  I woke up the next morning wanting more of it and the craving has still not gone away!  Next I had the poblano taco and the tostada de pescado.  Both were dynamite.  My friends enjoyed the pork belly, pork shoulder, and lengua immensely.  Paul Kahan, please consider opening up a Big Star in Scottsdale.  Pretty please.This hipster taco hotspot has a lot to offer, but Big Star can be a Big Pain if you're not prepared. A few things you should know before you go:1. There is both patio and indoor seating. If you go during busy times there will be a wait - so, potentially you could wait to get through the front gate, then wait again for a booth when you actually get inside. In that case, it's probably best to just saddle up to the bar. No umbrellas on the patio, so bring your sunglasses.The patio was pretty empty when we arrived, and we still waited between 5-10 for a server to approach us. For me, that was okay because I was nursing a hangover and soaking up the sun, but if you're impatient I can see how your irritation factor would be high.2. The tacos are amazing. When your menu is that small, you should nail it - and they do. Perfect tortillas that somehow repel getting super soggy, perfectly seasoned guac, and their homemade salsas pack a punch. However, you will wait a while for service. If you're in a hurry and want tacos only (no drinks), go to the pickup window. 3. Cash only.Oh, and the horchata? Bliss.The next time I'm in the hood, I'll be hanging on the patio with a marg in hand.Ok, short and sweet,Pork belly tacos, oh yes!  $3 bourbon shots generously  poured, nice!  Good service, at least on a Sunday when it wasn't too packed, sweet.  Small ass tacos are 3 bucks, a good 50% more than at a tacqueria in Pilsen...boo.  Then you realize it's 3 bucks and 3 or 4 tacos does you right... after pounding some beers, some shots of bourbon and some tacos and splitting a queso fundido, my bill is still in the 20s. Not bad! Solid 3 stars, try it out now before the summer time when you can't get in.  Oh yeah cash only...boo.Oh Big Star - how you piss me off ....It wouldn't have been so awfu except for this: show up at 5:15 on a Friday, alleged 2 hour wait, receive call at 9:50pm offering me a table - really?!I've waited over an hour for some places and it was always worth it - here we ended up grabbing some tacos from the walk-up and honestly, the pork belly was good and a "new to me" flavor combo but the rest were pretty mehLiving in Ukrainian Village there are so many traditional authentic taco joints that I just don't get the hype about Big Star.I suppose if the deck didn't feel like a sauna I might have been more inclined to stand around and wait for a cocktail but I guess I'll just have to try again another day ...I've been in this place probably a half dozen times in the last 2 weeks. One of the bartenders even knows my name now and doesn't make me surrender my ID to start a tab. What a sweetheart. I always carry cash, so the no credit card thing doesn't bother me. It's new. It's owned by the same gangsters that own Violet Hour across the street. They're probably laundering money through the place, but who cares?Yes, the system is very unorganized. But the general concept, though somewhat skewed and random, is well thought out and, for the most part, well executed. For the best experience, go in late on a Sunday or Monday night. Forget the weekends for now because all you're going to do is get pissed off at all the people posturing and drawing attention to themselves. Why do you think the staff is cranky? Hmm???You know by now that Big Star is not trying, by any stretch of the imagination, to be an authentic taco joint. This bothers a lot of people for some reason. I don't know why. From any street corner in Chicago, you can throw a rock and hit at least 3 other "authentic" Mexican places, all of which serve up the same greasy, thrown-together food with ingredients of questionable origin. Who needs another one of those? Yes, Big Star is taking creative liberties. I mean, lamb in a taco??? Sacrilege, maybe. But it's fucking delicious. And it is ever-so-consciously served with a braising sauce that is just like icing on a cake. I'd like to see somebody eat it in one bite. They're retarded. It takes at least 3, but I prefer to stretch it out to 4 or 5 because the flavor is better savored. Stop being such a fat kid and maybe ENJOY the exquisite food that you obviously very seldom experience. I love their use of the radish. It shows up in many items and perfectly compliments the food. Great idea. I have tried almost everything on the menu and I have to say that the pork tacos are my least favorite. They're just too greasy for me, but isn't that the whole point of the Al Pastor?The alcohol selection is impressive if you're a bourbon or tequila drinker. Which I am. The tequila is as expected, but the bourbon selection caught me off guard. This is one of those creative liberties I was talking about. Bourbon is not typically paired with Mexican cuisine (or many cuisines at all for that matter), yet they stock a shit ton of very very good bourbon. I think the owners just have a hard-on for it. They just said "fuck it" and opened a Texas-themed bourbon bar that sells pre-prohibition era cocktails and serves quasi-gourmet tacos that the chef dreamed up while tripping mushrooms. Or maybe it was the fumes from all that white paint on the walls. Regardless, kudos to their bourbon "Shot Of The Day," which changes daily, for $3. Also to Tecate cans for $3. Also to no extra sales tax being charged. The price on the menu is actually the price you pay. That should be enough to shut the pie holes of all the Trust Fund babies complaining about the cash-only policy. There's an ATM right across the street for God's sake. One other important point has been mentioned here before, but deserves re-addressing: the 7oz Schlitz draft is ONE DOLLAR. This is the only $1 beer that I am aware of in the entire city of Chicago, especially being offered all day every day. But here's the glitch: the 12oz version of the same beer is $3. It doesn't take a genius to figure out the bad math in this pricing strategy. The only advantage I can see to ordering the 12oz is not having to stand in line at the bar as often. I wonder how dirty of a look you would get from the bartender if you ordered three 7oz glasses of Schlitz. For the same money, you would get 21oz of beer. This is still blowing my mind as I sit here thinking about it.I will definitely be back. Probably tomorrow. Maybe the day after that. I'll take a day off, then I might go in the next day. But that might be too close to the weekend. So I'll just wait until Monday rolls around again. Yee Fucking Haw!It's usually too crowded and often the bartenders are too busy to serve you very quickly.  You will probably have to wait at 30 minutes to an hour for a table but that gives you a good amount of time to hang at the bar and meet people or just watch them.  If all you want is a good taco then you don't need to sit on the patio.  Go to the window instead.  Personally, my favorite thing to eat at Big Star is their SALAD.  I also am not a fan of Mescal so I'm not a fan of Big Star's Margarita.  And for some reason every time I order a classic it still has a little mescal flavor in it.A few questions I have for Big Star:1) Why is your service so confusing? My three friends and I were waited upon by three different waiters and waitresses. None of these people were wearing a uniform, t-shirt, or any other sort of paraphernalia that distinguished them as employees of this fine establishment. During my time there, I saw each of these three people hanging out at other tables, chatting, drinking, and just looking like they were patrons themselves. So imagine my confusion when these people came up and asked if we needed anything. At first I thought we were getting hit on or propositioned somehow.2) Why is your service so slow? We were sitting at our table for at least a good 20 minutes before we were offered drinks. And then another staff came and asked us if we wanted drinks again, didn't ask if we wanted food, and then walked away without taking our order. We waited another ten minutes before our order for food was taken. We ordered three tacos and one entree, which should not have taken what felt like 30 minutes to come out, which leads to my next question...3) Why would you put three different orders on ONE plate? Are you trying to save your dishwasher some work or something? One of the waitresses put the plate down, hastily explained which taco was what, and walked away. Nobody but me heard what she said, due to the high noise level in the restaurant, and my friends and I spent the next couple minutes trying to figure out whose food was whose. Why would you put your patrons through that?And FINALLY...4) Why is your horchata SO TERRIBLE?That is all I have to say.The tilapia fish tacos are the best I've ever had...and eating them outdoors and having the juices drip everywhere was even better! The chicken tacos were just as good..chicken very well seasoned. Definitely going backThis place makes it in my book for 2 reasons. Music and service. Those are two very important aspects of what makes a place great. I had never went to Pontiac Cafe prior to this spot opening because quite frankly, the place looked like a heap of garbage. They've done well with re-incarnation of the building. White walls everywhere and red lights intertwined around the beams surrounding the bar. Booths to the left when you walk in, ample bar seating and the taco bar to the right.Tacos right? I love tacos more than most people, but taco's don't seem to fit in at this place. Yes it's very casual but the music they play here (or at least on the night that I went) was 40's and 50's. I just can't picture sitting and eating a taco listening to that. Separate, those two are just fine!There were 3 bartenders working when we came in last night and we scored the last 3 spots at the bar. Within 5 minutes, all 3 of them had come up to us, greeted us and made sure we were ok. The one guy (Who was very friendly, and wearing green) gave us a very good description of what the place was all about. Awesome! It's nice to see people who care about the place they work. They've got a really great beer list and a more than impressive Bourbon list if that's your thing. Needless to say, I didn't try the tacos, but I need to because I've heard great things. This is a great place to meet with friends, chat and take in the mood. I'm impressed.The Pontiac Cafe was a staple of my Chicago existence. As my stay here draws to its timely close, some friends and I decided to stop into Big Star and see what it's all about.At first I walked into this place and saw 3 dollar tacos. THE "S" AT THE END IS MISLEADING.It is 3 dollar tacO. Singular. One. That's it. Three bucks for a taco.Which is fine, what am I - from logan square? (Ukrainian Village snobbery at it's finest) I have no problems dropping a few extra bucks on food, as long as it's worth it.Now if you haven't gathered by now, I love mexican food. I basically dream in frijoles (I sleep in a tub of frijoles), so my expectations, as always, were high.We had the lamb and pork belly tacos. They were small, but packed a ton of flavor. The three salsas were magnificent and the queso had so many flavor qualities I just wanted to deconstruct the entire dish. I would be descriptive of the food, but here's where big star failed me.I arrived in a group of three. You have to be in a group of four to get a table, otherwise you are fighting with all the other ham and eggers trying to get a stool. This. Sucks.Seriously, I REMEMBER the pontiac cafe like it was an image of my blurry, drunk, shaky right hand. I could have SWORN there was more space. They used to do live band karaoke there! YOU CANT DO LIVE BAND KARAOKE HERE.It's a real bummer because I would have loved to sit, drink some beers, listen to the country music and eat al la carte for hours. I plan on doing this too, as soon as I can con three of my friends to come with me.The service is funky but it didn't bother me, but I could see how it would bother people though. You don't really have a server. It's just a carousel of mexican food and beers flowing in a counterclockwise circle. Like I said, that's bound to bother some people, but to me,  a carousel of mexican food and beer sounds like the greatest thing ever.However the food and the ambiance was fantastic, from what I could allow myself to enjoy. I will definitely go back on a non-busy night.Good God I cant stand this place!!!  Ugh!  Everything about it is miserable.  Well, I guess I'm out of line saying that since I haven't tried the food.  I hear the food is pretty good.  So I'll say that the only redeeming quality this place has is the walk-up kitchen.  That way you can bypass all the horrible people that work in the bar area and only deal w/ the kind, curteous people of the kitchen.Full bar, my patootie!  Sure, they have 7,000 tequilas.  And a bunch of bourbons as well.  But, lets be honest here.  I'm guessing not everyone who goes out wants just tequila or bourbon.  (And some of us are forced to go there because of a friend's bday choice.)  One kind of vodka?  That no one has heard of from Texas that is barfworthy.  What about gin?  Whatever, the minimal selection has been covered.Attitude... Big stars got some effen attitude!  (to be sang to the tune of the misfits song).  Seriously, though.  This has got to be one of the most pretentious places I've ever been.  It must be a job requirement that under no circimstance will you smile.  Ever.  Or be kind or considerate in any way.  Everyone who works there acts like you're an idiot.  And to be honest, I agree with them.  If I ever go back, I am an idiot.  Two visits is too many for me.Though it is nice that they have Lone Star Beer.  Still, nowhere near worth it!Loud and crowded, but well-worth every minute! Big Star is the new "it" place of Bucktown. The crowd is diverse ranging from hip, casual, young and old. I don't know what it is about Paul Kahan, but he successfully opens these places where hoards of people are willing to wait hours to get their hands on a bite of his culinary creations. Winning a seat, is like winning the lottery.  Don't  forget to bring cash, because it's cash only. The place was packed, but we were lucky enough to snag 2 bar seats as a couple was leaving. Tacos were priced between $2-3 and the beer list was great. We tried the guac/chips, pork belly taco, al pastor taco, braised goat taco, chicken thigh tostada, and fish tostada. Everything was so fresh and well seasoned. I'd have to say the pork belly and chicken thigh were my favorites. I was hesitant to try the goat, but it was pretty tasty. They served it with a cup of braising liquid like a jus style. The tacos were a nice size (think  3 generous bite portions) and the low prices were surprising for the quality of ingredients. The bill came out to $50 for 8 tacos, chips/guac and SEVERAL beers. We left stuffed, but without feeling gross because the food wasn't greasy.Big Star is a great place to grab drinks and eat. I'd definitely return.As a recent transplant to Philadelphia, I am remiss that there is not a Big Star Philly. After a recent visit back to Chicago, I made the requisite trip to Big Star: it does not disappoint. Atmosphere, Price, Location, Drinks, and the Tacos...oh the tacos. The Panza is a party in your mouth (that's what she said). Order them immediately if not sooner. The one drawback is this place can get too crowded. Solution: be smart and go during off peak hours. Big Star is always on the money.I hate to knock a restaurant when the food is good, but in all honesty my experience here was completely ruined by an extremely poor floor plan (of all things!!).  We arrived around 6:30 pm on a Monday hoping to avoid the horrible crowds and the 1 hour + wait.  Our plan worked well as the hostess told us it would be just a 15 min wait when we arrived.  She recommended we hang out along the wall and grab a drink while we waited.  This is when things went horribly wrong.  We bellied up to the bar and ordered a Green Flash IPA and mint julep.  Shockingly the bartenders replies "sorry we're all out of the mint julep."  I almost fell over backwards... YOU'RE OUT OF THE MINT JULEP??? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  Last time I checked there were only three ingredients in a mint julep: water, bourbon, and mint (well, and a little sugar).  I guess Chicago is experiencing some severe mint shortage.  On top of that our bartender poured me the wrong beer, the Lagunitas pilsner instead of the IPA.  I didn't think things could get any worse until some guy total rails into me with his shoulder after standing up quickly from his bar stool (recall me mentioning the poor floor plan).  He apologized, but this unfortunate event could have been easily avoided if they had put at least another 2 feet between the bar and the south side wall.  I mean, I understand making the bar seat as many people as possible, but there is barely enough space for patrons to stand while the servers are constantly running through the aisle.  In fact I should call the Chicago fire marshall in to inspect this issue!  So basically if you stand here, you are constantly getting bumped into on a regular basis by the servers trying to get through.  This can get annoying very fast.After our hostess told us the bar was now a free for all, we moved to the other side to avoid the full contact football and to grab some seats from a party that was about to leave.  We weren't there for more than 3 minutes when I got bumped into again. Twice!  Last I checked they were playing country music here, not R. Kelly...I don't see nothing wrong (Wrong) with a little bit of bump and grind.After ranting about the horrible floor plan and wondering who the idiot they hired to design the bar and interior was, I have almost no energy left to review the only good part - the food.  We ordered all four of the tacos (the braised goat with dipping sauce was awesome, so was the Tacos Al Pastor topped with delicious grilled pineapple).  The guacamole was the best thing ever and served with heaps of homemade chips.  The fish taco, and the frioles - loved the frioles, but could live without the fish taco.  The food was solid, not great, but very good.  At $2-3 per taco I think it's reasonably priced, but not a bargain as others have suggested.Bottom line is Big Star is not worth waiting over and our for a seat at the bar.  If you're into the trendiness of the scene and are making an evening of it, I guess that's alright, but if you've come here for some good bourbon or whiskey, and an opportunity to enjoy your food, you might be in for a rude awakening.  You can avoid the aggravation and save yourself 50% by heading down to Division and stuffing yourself with Mexican goodness at La Pasadita.Oh and P.S. bring cash, they don't accept credit cards.Good food, good pop selection, and I got carded while walking in.  Do you see why I like this place.  The tacos were really good.  I got the fish and the pork shoulder.  So good and not too spicy.  We also split a guacamole.  I like the lime flavor as that is how I make mine.  The Mexican Sprite was the perfect compliment.  The only con is the insanely loud music.  I know Big Star is largely a bar and I imagine that at night ,when packed with more people, the music doesn't seem as obtrusive.  But, at lunch time, I would prefer to not yell to the people in my same booth.  I would go back but probably during warmer weather so that I can sit outside where it is quieter.Big Star, take two.  Only this time, the patio was open, the sun was shining, and tables were bountiful.  Hallelujah, because Big Star serves up some delicious tacos.  Small? Yes.  $2 a taco seems about right to me, but anything more than that for a couple bites kinda makes me cringe.Price point aside, the chicken tostada with the awesome smokey toasted shell and oozing sauce is absolutely the best.  So. Much. Flavor.  Pastor tacos are also a favorite, especially when accompanied by some chips and guac and a horchata to wash it all down.  Yum yum yum.  Good thing I don't live too close, because I would be hitting up the take-out window far too often.Finally came to Big Star. This place has been on my list of places to go for 2010. While walking around in Wicker Park--I asked my friend if he would mind sitting outside on their HUGE patio & share a taco or two with me. Of course he said yes. The tostada de pescado was THE BEST. I had two of them. Also, the chips were made with lots of lime & salt. Mmm. The salsas are quite mysterious. They come out of a squeeze bottle. One spicy red & two milder green. Overall, great value. 2 tostadas, chips/salsa & one beer. My total was $12. That was INCLUDING tip. Yes. I love this place.Big Star, Big Star, Big Star...why must you be so popular? I want to eat your pork belly tacos everyday, but not have to dodge the random collection of drunk dudes - old, young - big, small - hipster, prep. Ry & I decided to try the actual restaurant instead of the to-go window thinking a Monday night might be slow. Oh no, we were wrong. The bar was packed & it was clear people had been drinking there all day. Good for you - wanna switch jobs?! Anyway, we were seated within a 1/2 hour & after reading all the reviews of slow service on Yelp, we decided to order everything at once. 2 beers, 4 pork belly tacos, 2 lamb tacos, an order of beans, and chips & guac. The guac was delicious - very light & I liked the crunch of the onions, but the chips seemed like they came straight from a bag. Not my favorite. The pork belly tacos are just out of this world. The meat is so crunchy, yet tender - how is that possible(?) & topped with the most delicious toppings. The lamb taco was ok. It was very gamy, which I didn't like. I probably wouldn't order this again. The beans took forever - I think our waitress forgot them - & we almost asked her not to bother, but man am I glad we did. The bean, bacon, poblano pepper, garlic, and onion combination was the absolute best way to end our dinner. I ate the beans plain while Ryan loaded it onto corn tortillas. It was perfectly salty & the beans were cooked perfectly. I would like some right now please.The waitstaff & crowd didn't really bother me because I knew what I was getting into. I cannot imagine what an out of towner or first time diner would think of it. Big Star step up your waitstaff game & you'll get another big star from me!Expect:Big Star to be packed/there to be a wait;To pay CASH ONLY;Classic toe-tapping lo-fi country music (not the crap on the radio today);An equal mix of scenesters and hipsters;Ironic facial hair;Amazing pork belly and al pastor tacos, decent goat tacos; Gooey queso fundido and roasted poblanos (hint: mix the two together!);Some awesome homemade tortillas, chips, and salsas;Ridiculous bourbon selection;Cheap drinks (I can polish off $3 Lone Star bottles all day);Your bill to be significantly cheaper than you thought it would be;Expect to walk out of Big Star contemplating your next visit with cash still in your pocket and a smile on your face.Great layout of the place.  One side they have a setup for dine in with decent outdoor sitting.  Other side with a take out window and picnic tables.  Just went over to the take out side since the dine in side looked super busy and why wait when theres simple order up and picnic tables??Anyway it was my first time so I grabbed a menu and sat down to plan my attack.  Simple menu..looked like something you would find on your windshield.  Dont get me wrong; I love simple menus.  It usually means theyre doing it right and spend more attention on what they offer.   Also, no substitutions..which means they want you to experience it the way they intended.  So I tried the Al Pastor, De Berrego, and De Panza.  Which was 3 out of 4 taco choices.  I forget the 4th choice but I know it had no meat so why waste time.  $2-3 a piece.  They were all gone within minutes.  I was starving at this point and they were good but not great.  I guess I'll give it another go around to make sure.  Oh yeah..I almost forgot to mention they have a sign posted:20 TACO MAXIMUM ORDERreally? wow..I mean I love to play piggy but there really is a better way to max out with 60bucksCan you say, SPICY!? I sure can after chowing down on the chicken tostada - they warned me - I couldn't say no - and boy, was it ever spicy. I broke out in a sweat with each delicious bite as the temperature in my mouth crept up on me and by the end, I needed another margarita to tame my flaming taste buds (flaming in a good way). Finally, a place that says spicy and means it! I was here early on a Sunday (11:30AM) for a birthday celebration lunch with my fam and we had a blast! Pitcher of Margaritas, a sampling of all the tacos and the chicken tostada and yes, one more margarita before hitting the road. We enjoyed a nice shady spot on the spacious patio (which is about half shaded, half full sun at this early hour) and couldn't believe how much time had passed by the time we sauntered back out onto the street. Did I mention is right off the blue line?? Super convenient. And did I mention the tacos are like $3-$4 apiece? And the tostada was equally well priced?? Well, now I did. So...go...now...enjoy!Big Star is pretty typical of the new Wicker Park: it has replaced a WP standard (the Pontiac Grill), is packed with lame people, manned by a bitchy staff...  In fact, it's a lot like the nearby Violet Hour, which thrives on forcing people to wait and thereby upping its "ooh" factor in the city.The food is decent although the pickings are almost laughably slim for vegetarians.  Thumbs up for the limey guacamole.  Come very early if you really want to visit the place and sit down.  Otherwise be prepared for a disorganized, chaotic experience that I did not think was worth the food or ambiance.  I'm so glad I was there with good friends.  Overall, sorta boring, sorta meh.Big Star didn't make a huge impression on me, but I will say the following:  - Good luck getting a table without waiting some ungodly amount of time. - Good luck finding a place to sit or even stand at the bar. - I did not know this going in, but they are CASH ONLY. If you don't know and try to hand over a credit card, a bartender will give you a hard stare and inform you.  - The pricing on drinks seemed arbitrary. One bartender charged us one price for a shot, another charged us $2 more for the same shot.  - The barkeeps are undoubtedly hopping, as there are a ton of people around the bar because seating is so limited. But as others have noted, they're also curt and short and I don't like that. Bad thing, because it doesn't encourage me to tip, which sucks for the barkeep and also for me, because then I don't get any service at all.  - I echo another reviewer's comment about the margarita. I'd expected a margarita relatively on-par with those from, say, El Cid. This was super-sweet and didn't taste "real." Couldn't put my finger on exactly what it was, but I didn't enjoy it, and I ADORE margaritas. I may go back with friends, but it wouldn't be my first choice due to the impossible waits for food, the unfriendly bartenders and hit-or-miss pricing and drinks.We arrived at 8:30 on a Friday fully prepared for large crowds and a preposterous wait. We were right, there was a line to simply put your name down for a table. We finally entered the bar area with the understanding that we wouldn't have a table for at least an hour and a half. While we ended up eating at the bar and having a fantastic time, two and a half hours passed with no call for a table...The bar was packed but we managed to squeeze along the back and finally flag down a bartender. Our evening was pretty dismal so far, but the two whiskey drinks we were given instantly put us in a better mood. He had an Old Fashioned and I had The Rambler, which was enjoyable, but incredibly sweet. Then, our luck changed as we snagged two seats at the bar. Next, I ordered the Bakersfield Buck and he ordered the Tiger Eyes. Our bartender, Casey, came back with beverages that were marvelous; we could taste the effort that went into their creation through the layers of flavor. For food, we started with the chips and guacamole which were disappointingly ordinary. Both items had a very distinct lime flavor, I would have much preferred something with a kick. Next we ordered several tacos: al pastor, de panza, de papas, and de pescado. I'm glad we went with a variety, but the panza was the clear winner. Spicy, flavorful, moist, this pork belly was cooked to perfection. All the other tacos were great, the papas were really spicy, pastor very sweet due to the pineapple, and you only pulled the chipotle mayo flavor from the fish tacos (least fave of the bunch). Overall, once you get past the crowds and find a seat, it's a fantastic experience. Great food, delectable drinks, and entertaining atmosphere...the later at night, the more entertaining. Some serious characters at Big Star...so sad, we used to go here 2-3/month when it was new and the food and drinks were always top notch. not anymore.we have a friend that LOVES tacos, and she always wants to go here, so we grudgingly oblige, the last few times though have really just sucked. we waited forever, whatever, it happens, but the hostesses must have thought we had just given up and left because they never called us even though we were at the picnic tables by the to-go window, and they started seating people that had showed up way after us, with the same size party of 3 that we had. not cool, especially when we reminded you an hour in we were still here and hadn't left. we waited another 25 minutes to get some water and drinks, the drinks were mixed poorly and just not good, the proportions were off and you could tell the bartenders were just throwing stuff together. same with the tacos, you could tell they were rushed and the pork belly tacos were missing 1/2 the stuff on top. the only redeemer was the guacamole and chips we ate while waiting from the to-go window. the guac was super good, limey, fresh and salty. i don't know if it was worth the wait, i'd get guac to go, but def don't plan on waiting around to eat or getting tacos from there anymore, there are too many other amazing options in the area.sorry big star!You know what's great? Coming out of a show around there with a buzz and sharing tacos from the take away window. We call this place "hipster tacos" and it's not hipster like that the ones who don't shower and live in basements. It's the type of hipster that lives in 300K condo and wears button up shirts with diesel jeans and loafers, but I digress.Delicious tacos, not worth the wait for a table to me, unless you want to stand awkwardly near the bar for an hour, just go to the window! They are little tacos and if you want a meal you can easily have three or more and feel full. It's a great place to try tacos you wouldn't typically have like pork belly or fish or whatever. they're all good, though a few are spicy and you might want to ask if that's concern before you order.I like it here, I dont know why people bitch so much about portions and it being crowded.First of all, it's not THAT crowded. I mean, YES, there isnt a shining spot waiting ready for you because it's not a TGI Fridays... and also, the portion sizes are smaller however taste better, and then again, ITS NOT TGI Fridays!!! Go back to your mom and pops taqueria if you want, just in case this is not supposed to be a quiet sit-down RESTAURANT, its supposed to be a DIVE BAR-ish place. Have you looked around haters? Does it look like a place that serves milk shakes? nope.okay so:Food, GOOOODDDDD - who doesnt like GOOD tacos/queso fundido/tostadas with a little umph while hanging out with some cool peeps?Drinks, GOOOOD - who doesnt love good beers, whiskey and tequila? again, whilst hanging out with some cool peeps? AND NICE bartenders?Ambiance, GOOD! who doesnt like a nice dark bar with good food and good drinks and enough people to maybe have to haggle over stools with at the bar? And since this page isnt full of enough corny "star" related comments, I'll say: gold star for big star. YES. I SAID IT.May not the best bar Ive ever set foot in, but Im definitely a fan.I can't think of a better way to while away a few sunny hours than by sipping a few margaritas at Big Star. It's a scene for sure, especially on the Saturday I was there, so the people watching is in full effect, inside or out.We chose to sit at the bar, which is so light and airy, you kinda feel like you're out in the open anyway. I gotta say service is a bit off, but can you expect much from hipsters? We ordered some chips and guacamole, which came out first, then some hot sauces and salsas arrived five minutes later. About ten minutes later, plates came (which admittedly we didn't really need). Still, once you settle into a potently sour margarita or two, all's good in the world, so if you can't take the heat, get out of Texas, so to speak.Mostly because of my taco-loving bf and my obsession with all things street food (their claim to fame we hear was originally served out of the food truck parked outside of the loc), we visited this spot to try "just one" of the tacos and be on our merry way to the blue line, conveniently located just across the street...The best plans always go awry... this time in a pleasant way... here's what actually went down:Browsing the menu, deliciously described tacos were just too hard to pass up trying just one.. and at $3 a pop, it looks so cheap, why not?  So we ordered one pork shoulder and one pork belly taco... hell throw in some chips too since they're only a few bucks too.yelp.com/biz_photos/_StO…A mere moments later four tacos arrived - two of each kind - they had mis-heard our order.  Fine, good thing an already full belly never stopped either of us, the tacos were great.  My favorite was the pork belly, suprisingly, Michael W's was the shoulder... go figure!  Still waiting on the chips...(ding a star for that and the forced more food)... he gets a beer and "for warmth" I try the drink with the two tequilas and muddled fresh strawberries - a dangerously strong and delicious drink which you can also order by the PITCHER at $30.  yelp.com/biz_photos/_StO…Sitting around, still waiting on those tortilla chips... finally asked for them and they forgot but while we're at it, let's try just one more taco... the veggie one, a strange but great combo of squash, apple, crema, cilantro and onion... wow!yelp.com/biz_photos/_StO…And... for good measure, Wat goes for the $3 whiskey shot of the dayyelp.com/biz_photos/_StO…End of story, we never made it on the L that night but we did leave Big Star warm, buzzed and full :)Strictly for the pick-up window.My wife doesn't like mayo.  Probably because it's made of eggs and vinegar, or because of the caloric content, I dunno.  This may seem out of place now, but you'll see why this makes sense later.Finally got to eat here while sober.  Came after a disappointing dinner at Acadia.  Had previously eaten here drunk, and the tacos were amazing.  Had the pork and the pork then, of course, and tasted my wife's fish, but she got it with no onions, no slaw, no mayo. When my EtOH level is up, my threshold for non-pork items is lowered.  But I seem to recall not liking the pork belly as much as the shoulder, and I did want to try the fish.....so last night I got 1 fish no mayo for my wife, 1 fish and 1 pork shoulder for me.The fish taco?  Holy shit.  The chipotle mayo lifts the taco to a whole new level than i had previously tasted before, with a slight smoky spiciness along with the mellow bite of red onion, it was 200% better this time around.  And the pork shoulder hits it as usual, salty and sweet, I like to top it off with a squeeze of lime and the red sauce for extra Bruce Lee kick.  Love the salsas.  Properly roasted peppers give it that charred smoky taste without overpwering the rest of the flavors.  And the chips?  Similar to Chipotle with the lime, but not as salty and freshly made, they were served warm and went great with everything else.Some foods taste so good when you're drunk, and not so great when not.  Big Star did not fail in helping me forget about my regrettable decision to dine at Acadia.  Thank you Big Star for rescuing me!I agree if I went for dinner and had to wait several hours, maybe I wouldn't have such a good review but I went for lunch on a Tuesday right when they opened.  Somehow it still gets packed.  My friend and I sat at the bar.  I got a margarita and if you ask they'll make it spicy.  I've had 'spicy' margaritas before where you can't even taste any spice but this one was really solid.  No frills...very laid back and they don't even have margarita glasses.  They are known for bourbon and they have some good beers.  They only have one red and one white blend but they're actually decent.I had the al pastor, pork belly, and fish tacos.  The al pastor was my favorite and the pork belly my least (despite what my expectations were).  I really like the atmosphere.  In the all important question of which tacos are better: Big Star or Antique Taco, I honestly have to say Antique but the ambiance at Big Star is so much better.I really like the idea and feel of Big Star.  Cheap food, reasonably priced, beer, and a casual atmosphere - with abundant outdoor seating.  The problem?  First of all, the waitstaff is consistently apathetic.  It's slow, less than friendly, and everyone seems like they're too cool to do their job.  The hosts/esses aren't any better - I tend to approach all people in the service industry with warm smiles and polite questions, and I hate when I get sass in return because I know I'm being more respectful than average.  There are so many places with good service, I just don't have any tolerance for it.Additionally, they only take cash, which is just plain annoying.  Sure, save on credit card fees and make me pay $3 (plus my Bank's annoying $2 fee) to get cash.  What a great cost-shifting mechanism!Anyway, I can't say I'll never go back.  I like the tacos and the beer, and people always seem to want to go there.  I'm just not going to suggest it.I've only been here once so far, but I really enjoyed my experience.  My friend made a reservation, so it was nice not having to wait.  We sat indoors and had grapefruit margaritas.  I had the taco de pescado, which is a fish taco (fried tilapia) with chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro and lime.  It was delicious!  I don't even like fish very much.  I also had the tacos de papas con rajas - a vegetarian taco with potatoes, chipotle, cojita, onion and cilantro.  Really, really good.  The tostada de betabel was amazing as well.  I loved the combination of beets, pumpkin seeds, jicama, orange and arugula.  I want to recreate that la paloma margarita at home.  Mmm.We visited on Saturday at around 2:30.  The hostess quoted a wait of 20-30 minutes.  This turned out to be wildly optimistic.  It is a lucky thing that we snagged a couple of stools at the bar.  We tried the cheap beer on the menu (the 7 oz Schlitz was $1 while the 12 ounce pour of the same was $3... I don't understand).We eventually tired of waiting to be called for our table and just ordered food at the bar.  We started with an order of roasted jalapeños and another of pickled vegetables.  The peppers were roasted to a mellow creaminess with a hint of smoke; very nice.  The vegetales were quite spicy, with the carrots having soaked up a good deal of jalapeño juice.  Both were reasonably priced and recommended if you like spicy vegetables.For our meal we ordered the potato and pepper taco, the beet and pepita tostada and the fried tilapia taco.  My favorite was the tostada, though I didn't try the fish taco.We struck our name from the wait list on the way out and was told that we would have been next.  The lesson: eat at the bar if you can.  The tables can be a very long wait.Everytime that I go to a Mexican restaurant I never order anything with chicken, cause really how boring is that. I think that steak should be a good starting point, and venture from there. Wow am I wrong with that assumption at Big Star!  I've been going here for years and have usually ordered the usual of chips and guacamole, then going with a few pastor and/ panza tacos usually leaving full and happy. I've also ordered the Sonoran hot dog and left satisfied. However, the last time I went with the chicken tacos, but after reading the fine print, it's actually the leg met of chicken and boy does that make a huge difference. I can't believe that I haven't ordered this sooner as its super juicy and the most tasty taco on the menu. Definitely the highlight of the tacos served. In addition to the tacos and other Mexican fare, I usually go with the $3 Tecate's served with a lime. Can't beat sitting out on the patio if if nice outside in the summer(if you can score a table).  I've actually found the most luck finding a seat or two at the bar and eating there. If you're in the neighborhood, stop in and check out some of the best Wicker Park has to offer - keep in mind it's cash only.The pork belly tacos are just amazing. So are their chips. They are served hot with the perfect amount of salt on them. All the seats were taken so my friend and I ended up standing for a while, but who cares. Yum. I'll be back.Looking over previous reviews, I'm really surprised to see so many complaints about the service.  Maybe it's because I went on a Saturday afternoon just after open, but there was no issue with service in my eyes.First off - Beer. Tequila. Whiskey.  Choices are endless and high quality.  I had my first Gumballhead on tap and was smitten (we don't get 3 Floyds in MI).  I would go back strictly to booze.The guacamole and chips were among some of the best I've ever tasted. Period.Even though the tacos are expensive, they're substantial and taste fantastic.  The pescado taco = heaven.  Chicken tostada was so spicy it made me sweat and brought a tear to my eye.  That's a good thing.  I love the vibe of this place.  The music. Everything.  A really cool spot.  Would definitely visit again next time I'm in Chicago.We chanced it on a Sat night at 6 and only had to hover for 8 minutes before snagging some bar seats. The drinks were great. Had a margarita, San Anto Slinger, and a Michelada. We ordered Queso Fundido and a bunch of tacos. So you'd think they'd bring out the Queso first which they did but immediately also brought the rest of the food. WTF? So now we have all this food crammed in front of us at the bar. Queso was great. By  the time we start eating the rest of our food, it's getting cold. Al Pastor tacos were the best, followed by the lamb. Pork Belly was dry and a real letdown. And fish tostada was OK but not memorable. Also very loud ad the hovering of people in back of you just makes it difficult to relax and enjoy yourself.Good food, indifferent service, and over hyped.Big Star is just plain awesome. The patio isn't impressive, but the interior is pretty cool. You can sit around barrels, or at the bar, or at some booths around the sides.The food is excellent, even if somewhat basic. If anything Big Star claims to be Southwestern food, not Mexican, so in that respect it seems pretty authentic, but I'm no expert there. Who cares? It's cheap and it tastes great whatever it is. I've had everything from the hot dog, to fish tacos, pork belly tacos, pork tacos, and the out of this world queso fundido. There's also plenty of whiskey, including a different $3 whiskey shot everyday. I always look for an excuse to take people to Big Star. It's just such a cool place to eat or drink. But, if you go, bring cash. They don't take credit cards.Worst horchata I've ever had in the city. I wanted to ask the busboy, have you tasted this shit? Answer me with a straight face!Ordered four tacos and nothing distinguished them than the meat. They all tasted the same. Horrible.Awful stomach ache afterwards. My mates love this place, otherwise I would continue with this review. The server and hostess were really nice, bus boys were crazy busy - barely heard the mumble mumble of which taco was what as the guy slowly creeped away.Excellent booze, the best fish tacos I've ever had, and an outdoor patio that's hard to beat. It doesn't get much better than this place. Service is always fast. Food is always excellent. Booze selection: beer, bourbon, mezcal. Need anything else? Falls one short of 5 stars, but only because the place is always PACKED and difficult to get a seat, through no fault of Big Stars.2 Stars "Meh, I've experienced better." Here is why:Don't go here expecting a restaurant. This is a bar that serves restaurant food. Don't sit at the bar stools directly across from the door in cold weather. Also, if you are one of those long down coat wear-ers, there will be no place to put it unless you bunch it up and sit on upon it on your bar stool. Booths are for 4+ people only. (Again, another reason to not come here expecting a restaurant.)My beef:Just that...a lot of meat. Which is expected for a Tex-Mex style menu. But I was down to 2 choices: a salad and a poblano taco. I ordered the salad. The salad is HUGE, which is cool, but its more of a sharing-type salad. And, they decided to just serve whole leaves of romain, nothing is cut up. Eh, not my style. Radishes. Everywhere. Everywhere. I like radishes, but if you do not, request none because every dish comes with a radish in some way or another. (Even guacomole is garnished with them.)Our bartender. "What can I get you two?"Me: "The salad, and..." I look down at the menu for a second and when I look up, she is gone. She just took off somewhere without us finishing the rest of the order. Never took my date's order. We had to flag her down. Annoying. CASH ONLY. This is represented to you by a dime-sized note on the bottom of the food menu. There is a National City ATM across the street.My date said the meat filled tacos/tosadas were good, but very small. I'm not sure I'll be back for food. Atmosphere inside is cute, but overall I wasn't impressed.So far my favorite taco joint in da chity!!This is the Cadillac of taco line ups- so many delicious options. Start with the grand daddy the "El Pastor". You will like it. the margherita mix is the perfect way to wash it all down. The guac/chips is tittilatingOnly drawbacks: cash only/crowded/ and a bit drafty in the winter. Either way - you are getting lots of taco flavor for your peso.Summer time is the best time to go - can chill al frescoMostly bitter because of bad experiences ordering vegetarian food here... If you are vegetarian, DO NOT come here to eat the food.  They cook the chips in lard, and the only other veggie option is the miniscule poblano taco.  Mine came with lamb inside, and the waitress acted like they were doing me a favor by including lamb in my vegetarian taco... and it felt like pulling teeth when I asked her to have the kitchen make me a new one sans lamb... Apart from those experiences, it's a fun place, though was severely overcrowded both times that I went.  The beer is reasonably priced though, and they have a good bourbon selection.  My take is that it's massively overrated but I have a friend across the street who swears by it.  All of that being said, I want to boycott it just because of the way they treated me as a vegetarian.The margaritas are great!  If you go at off times, there are fewer lines and it's less obnoxious.That said, the tacos are small and expensive and they always end up being pretty disappointing.  I mean they're okay--and it's a fun place to go if you're in the mood for loud, crowded places.  ...there are just better Mexican food options in the area.  (Ahem, Las Palmas.)  Extra points for the takeout window, though.   And the ice cream truck in the summer!Awesome foodHowever, I wont go back and will tell others not to go based on the rudeness and insensitivity of the staff. One word:  Nazi's  I guess they don't care since it's the mexican mecca of hipsterville and always packed with douche bags drenched with wrigleyville B.O.We walked out when the hostess decided to insult me saying she didn't like the way I looked at her when she told me to "get out of the way now!" while taking her forearm to my lower back.Don't worry, you'll be closed in 3 years when you realize the only months you're turning a profit are from May - Aug and nobody wants to bother going anyway because your staff is all A-HolesWe tried Big Star because we've heard so much about it, but we feel like the tacos are overrated. The atmosphere was really fun and we used the take out window, so we can't say too much about the service. The lady at the window was pleasant enough for the short exchanges we had. FOOD: .we tried the horchata,  fish & al pastor tacos. The fish tacos were the best part of our meal, but we've definitely had better fish tacos and they weren't good enough for us to return to Big Star. If we were in the area and looking for tacos, we would definitely go to Taco Joint before Big Star.The al pastor tacos just weren't good. The meat was tough and the toppings didn't compliment the tacos at all.  We've eaten some REALLY good al pastor tacos in the US as well as Mexico and Big Star left ALOT to be desired.The horchata was AWFUL. It was SUPER watery. It seems like they "pre" fill cups with horchata & ice because as soon as the word "horchata" left my mouth, the "take-out window girl" placed the cup of horchata in front of me. So, it was kind of like getting Gatorade instead of Kool-Aid........so disappointing.I'm glad we got Big Star out of our systems, but we won't be returning.These guys seem to be off to a good start. The tacos and tortillas are awesome, simple and somewhat cheap and the one chicken tostada left me wanting two more. The only two problems I have with it is no credit cards (ever?) and it's pretty damn cold in there. Time to winterize those garage doors.Looking forward to the take out window!I want to eat the taco al pastor all day, everyday. Seriously. The drinks are strong and they have a cool beer selection as well. Last time I went, I had one of the 3 Floyds brews from Munster, IN and loved it. The bartender was nice and attentive, but you could also tell she was extremely busy and overwhelmed with all her customers.For being a trendy extremely place it's not that expensive. Tacos are like $3 and you get them pretty quickly. My only complaint is it's impossible to get a table and usually you're better off just eating at the bar. We had 11 people in front of us and were not eligible for a table until 3 hours after we arrived. By then, we had a couple drinks and our full meal.Who doesn't know Big Star? It's basically "the-spot" in Wicker park for street food. It's a hangout bar/restaurant. Lots of tacos to choose from and it's just a few bucks each. The place is always packed, so expect to wait a little and eat in a very crowded place.Big Star falls in the same category for me as Kuma's. I'm not so into the "place to be seen" kinda place. Also, I am too old to wait for a table anywhere. Therefore, unlike many of the reviewers of these places, I don't torture myself and show up at 7 on a Saturday and expect to leave satisfied. I met my best pals at 3:45 on a Wednesday. Hello?! No wait. Pushed two tables together outside, dove into some salsa and guac. I'm knocked up, so I was hindered when it came to the margarita chugging. (Though I did have a chelada. All you pregnancy police can suck it.) My two friends that had previously been to Big Star ordered a pitcher of their house margs, but with mezcal instead of tequila. I had a little sip and yowzer, they are not F-ing around. The booze and beer prices are reasonable, even bordering on cheap, especially considering the neighborhood. If you're like me and my friends and despise those syrupy, calorie-laden, hangover-inducing margaritas at other places, this is your salvation. Just hooch, lime, and ice. Ok, the tacos. I could only have two after the guac, so I went with the pastor and the chicken tostada. Both a solid B+. I was concerned with the one lonely corn tortilla holding up my pork, but it held together beautifully. The pork was nice and juicy and I liked the pineapple. (That was not such a hit with a few other diners. They deemed it a little "too sweet.") Hubby went for all four tacos. I had a bite of each. I think if I had to pick them in order of yummy, it would be 1. poblano 2. pastor 3. lamb 4. pork belly. This could just be because I'm pregnant and my taste buds change daily, but I think a whole pork belly taco seems a tad rich, even for me, though the flavor was clean and it was cooked perfectly. I think Big Star is a solid 3 1/2 stars, if you go at the appropriate time for your level of tolerance to crowds and douche bags and faux-hipsters. Cheap eats and even cheaper booze. I thought the staff was nice enough in their hot pink fake Ray Bans and thrift store outfits. They're very skinny. On a side note, I have no idea how Big Star would do any business not in the summer. If the outside is closed, you will just be sitting in a garage waiting for a table to eat tacos. When this happens, go to your nearest taqueria, get three el pastor tacos with cilantro and onion, grab a bottle of tequila, and go home.I'm surprised the overall Yelp rating for Big Star is so low... our food was pretty damn delicious and the beer list was diverse (from cheap Schlitz to some more adventurous micros). Additionally, the wait staff was very nice to us and seemed quite competent. I'd definitely patronize a place like this out east - so what's the problem, Chicago?"The tacos are so small - and they're expensive!"Yes, the $3 tacos are small, but they tell you up front that you need to order 3-4 per person. It's not like they're operating a bait-and-switch. 4 tacos at $3 a taco is only $12. In other words, we are not talking about an expensive meal. I'll allow that 3 tacos from the Ashland ave. grocery stores (which I love) are cheaper, but it's apples and oranges, isn't it? Do you want to go eat grocery store tacos on Saturday night out?"They won't sit my party of 2 in a booth even though I am a paying customer."Grow up. Do you really not understand the logic behind this? You're the same kind of person that complains when the party of 2 that arrived after you at a restaurant gets seated before your party of 6 ... even though the only table open is the awkwardly located 2 top in the corner."They only take cash and the ATM is all the way across the street."So does Claudio, the tamale guy - and I don't hear you bitching about that. 4 1/2 stars for Claudio (and rightfully so) despite the fact that he'd say "no way, Jose" to your plastic. You can walk the half a block - hell, you can walk 5. I've spent some time in Chicago and you can definitely use the exercise.Okay, first let me get a few points out in the open.  If you are in a big group and you want to get a table and sit down and have a normal style dinner experience- this place is not for you.  There are only 5 tables and you should expect to wait a long time.  So if you are frustrated by that....don't come here.  ALSO....THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH....SO COME PREPARED OR SPEND $3.00 IN ATM FEES.Now....the whole experience for our group of five was amazing.  We got seated at a table fairly quickly.  The food was awesome. We got the  Queso fundido, salad and guac as starters.  We loved all of them.  As a girl, you really fill up on three tacos- and yes, they are smaller.  We loved the pork belly, vegetarian and steak tacos.  We didn't care for the lamb one...I say skip it. Their margaritas...not so great....and that is my only complaint.  They were strong though!The place is pretty cool...and for anyone complaining that they miss Pontiac Café...get over it.  Although it was a great place to hang out, it was not somewhere you'd ever want to eat...or visit the bathroom. Yes, it was hipster.  Yes, it was totally the heart of Wicker Park...but really, the same crowd that used to hang out at Pontiac still hangs out at Big Star...now if we can only get the owners to do Bingo Sundays!Yep, just as I predicted - when the warm weather came, and the outdoor seating was installed, Big Star became insufferable:1.  Not enough staff to handle the huge crowds, hence service problems.2.  Really d-bags? Really? You'll line up down the street just to eat tacos and drink whiskey outside?3.  The scads of 21-34 year-old doucheoisie that descend nightly on Big Star - because ZOMFGBBQ! I can strut and preen outside and impress all the other monkeys with my CLOTHES and my ATTITUDE - have, like an addled swarm of snotty, dimwitted locusts, stripped it of almost everything that was tolerable.4.  But since the owners are no doubt making bank from the locust swarms of d-bags, I'm sure they're not in the least concerned.5  Somebody on staff really likes "Pacific Ocean Blue."At least there's a take out window.  That's why this place gets three stars instead of two.An Open letter to Big Star.Dear Big Star,We were waiting patiently for our friends to join us for your delicious eats.  Then we notice that the host starts carding people who walk in.  "We don't serve minors after dark", the host says.  That's understandable, but why was your takeout window closed??T he group that I was with were culinary students that were hungry gourmet tacos.  I felt bad for my underage friends, so we just to went to Skewers instead.I will call ahead of time to see if your takeout window is open.Sincerely,Dantee of Dantee's Midnight Grub ClubUltimately, i think this place thinks way too much of itself. Yes, they got mentions in Chicago and Bon Appetit magazines. No, there's no sign outside (just gray paint on the cinderblock walls, and a takeout window to the right En Espanol), and no decor inside either, for that matter. And yeah, the food's pretty good. But not for all the fucking hassle. I mean, the hostess can't even give you a *sense* of how long the wait might be? [She: (sigh) "It's a bar, so people tend to linger; we really can't say..."] It took the manager (or whoever, a genial guy without a 'tude) to overhear this and tell us that we could wait at the bar AND order there if we wanted. Which is what my bf and I did. We were fortunate to snag two seats and ordered quickly (frijoles charros & tostada de chorizo con papas, with horchata, for him; tacos al pastor, tacos de rajas al poblano and limeade for me). The small tacos were messy, filling, spicy, and tasty enough, and I enjoyed the super-tart limeade, but you feel like you're being rushed for your seat, and there's commotion everywhere; the industriously-working barmaids, the raucous crowd, music, etc. Rather than enjoying the food, I felt like I was wolfing it down (not something good to do with spicy stuff...) so I could get away from the atmosphere. They do have the takeout window (don't know how long the wait on that is...), so you could order there and hoof it down to Wicker Park (during the day, anyway) to enjoy your comida away from all the craziness. Overall, too much madness for me. I might try the takeout window, but I'd never eat in this place again, so that's one less person you'll have to fight in the "who knows how long" waiting list....This is quickly becoming my after work stop, since its less then a hop, skip, and a jump away.But more then that, its a pretty good mix of people, they have a great selection of tequila and bourbon, AND they serve great tacos till the wee hours of the morning. And its less upscale then the Violet hour, across the street and owner by the same people.The design insides is clean, stark, and modern, but has a warm glow. With the bar in the middle of the room, it has lots of seating around it, but you just have to look for it, since the 4 or 5 booths they have (which are roomy) are mostly for larger groups. The place could use some more tables, but I feel like they are banking on the HUGE patio area for that, but with the winter on its way in, you are stuck standing for the most part. In the summer, this place will blow up. Service is not fast, but its not slow either, and some of their staff could afford to put a smile on their face. Finally, when I walk in here, I feel like I entered a new hipster Texas. Not much to look at, wide open spaces, good bourbon, and great tacos(the cocktails suck, be forewarned). Its not a bad thing, but I think they could put some art on the walls, the blank white walls are crying out for attention.My first experience at Big Star was pretty average. I came there to meet up friends at the bar - I walked in and forgot to show the door guy (who is an asshole, btw) my id. He stopped me and I apologized but he said, "you're pretty but not that pretty" -- I looked at him and literally said, "Wait What did you say to me?" Sorry, dick-wad - but maybe you haven't looked in the mirror lately. Your head looks like a penis. Rudeass. Drinks were fine. The bartenders were alright.The next night I came, we stopped in for drinks and some tacos. Same guy at the door. Dick-wad. We ordered the huitlacoche tacos, a few of the pork belly ones and some of the el pastor ones as well. The huitlacoche had a unique taste - in a good way. The pork belly ones that EVERYONE adores? I'm pretty sure they were cooking in huge portions because they're so busy all the time - so my batch of tacos were dry as hell and kind of hurt to digest actually. I will be coming again to see if Big Star can redeem themselves. Maybe fire that asshole of a door guy/host. You're a doorman at a taco joint, get over yourself. Totally recommend micheladas with your tacos! Drink it slowly, it can really heat your palette up.Solid Mexican food with a great patio in a central Wicker Park location.The potato tacos and chips and guacamole are a nice vegan and gluten free option - and if you can tolerate some gluten, the micheladas are great.There's routinely a very long wait to be seated there, but if you're not in a hurry and hanging around the neighborhood it's worth the wait.  I've got a friend who lives around the corner and he usually puts us on the list an hour or two in advance.As if one more review will help in a pile of reviews.  I wish they accepted credit cards, but hey, cash is king I suppose.  The food is good, the beer is cold, the drinks are great, the location is fantastic, the people who hang here, for the most part, are accepting, fun, and nice.  The music is always good, bring a smart phone with Shazamm in your App Library to bring home some deep tracks.  Fun for a group of five or fewer, more than that could be tough to sit together. Great for a first date at the bar or outside, great people watching. Noise: The bar is loud. Very loud.  The outside is chill. Close to the train, fun part of town.  Did I mention the service is always with a smile?  People who work here again are friendly and I dig that. They are welcoming unlike so many Chicago places where they act like, and probably really don't give a F, if you're there or not.  This place cares that you are there and they let you know with a smile and genuine conversation.  Much appreciated!  Love this place.  Big Star gets Five Stars from me.  See you there!I've heard so much about Big Star, that I had to check it out. At first glance, it looks like a broke hot dog stand, but when you taste the food, you know what everyone is raving about. I got the pastor and pollo tacos and boy oh boy they were ridiculous. By far the best pastor tacos I've ever had. I mean they had freaking pineapple on them! I also tried the fish tacos and my tongue almost retired because it tasted so good. Overall, these were probably the best set of tacos I've ever had. Oh yeah, they have an unreal selection of tequila and whiskey drank. AND they have a shot of the day that is cheaper than most shots. Any place that has a "shot of the day", gets my vote for a slamming spot. I guess I'm gonna have to spend more time in Wicker Park. Whatever. Boom (in some type of spanish)I have tried to experience different aspects of Big Star.I started on a lazy Sunday afternoon at the take out window. The pork belly taco was better than I anticipated. The al pastor taco was just ok.I've sat both out on the patio and inside. The patio after sun down is great.  Dining inside can be loud and difficult to hear everyone at the table. The bar has a good mix of beers, cocktails and liquor. Try the chelada to mix things up.Overall, after reading plenty about Big Star it was exactly as I pictured it. The place doesn't pull any punches. Wait in line or help yourself to the take out window.Meh.The food is pretty good.  I tried one of each taco because I am a pig.  The pork belly taco was great, the pastor was good, and the lamb was weird.  I'd heard good things about it but the meat in my taco was both dry and had unpleasant pieces of fat in it.  The chips & guacamole are poorly portioned - way too many chips, not enough guacamole.  Either give fewer chips or a larger cup of guac.  $6 is a lot to charge for a few tablespoons of avocado mash.  The drinks are pretty tasty - I had a Paloma and a chelada.  Service is weird. Not bad, just very weird.  The blonde bartender seemed miles away in her head. Perhaps she was dreaming about a sale at Urban Outfitters, who knows. I think she was an alien. I saw a really drunk girl wobbling at the bar at 5 pm and several men wearing sweatbands ironically, so its good for people-watching.I had a good laugh at the male host outside.  The lady host was sweet but this guy was cooler than school and made sure you knew it.  When I asked about how long of a wait it would be his answer was and I quote "Well we're not a 'typical restaurant', so our waiting system isn't something, you know, we can't just predict that."  And he sneered an actual sneer.  Yeah OK dude, you're awesome, I get it.In the middle of our dinner it began pouring and hailing in freak summer storm.  Half the patio patrons ran inside and the staff closed the doors, leaving the other half of us still outside trying in vain to stay dry under the patio umbrellas.  After a few minutes there's only so much you can do so we just let ourselves get wet.  A waitress brought out 2 pitchers of beer and let us keep it for free.  So we got that going for us.  Which is nice.  The rain stopped in 10 minutes and we left soon after.Cash only = major drag.2 stars for Big Star.Food:  Too much meat on tacos--make the tortillas larger, or cut the amount of meat and lower the price. Meat (pastor and pork belly) was dry as the dickens.  Fish taco was good, though.Prices: Too high.  Go to a real taqueria and you'll pay half the price.Service: God awful.  I have never received the correct order at the walk up window, and every time I politely ask for the correct food, I am given attitude in return.I had no idea what to expect from this place other than "cheap tacos" per my friend. My quick and dirty impressions of Big Star:Way too crowded and loud. I did like the modern decor - much nicer than Pontiac. I was not happy about waiting an hour and half for a table. They have maybe 5 booths for a billion people.Yummy cheap $3 tacos, but TINY!! Delicious tostado de pollo. Mmmm for the hot sauces. Guac was awesome.Service sucked! The bartenders were super slow, and the table service was just as bad!I hate the continuous honky tonk country music...All and all - food is delicious, but I could do without the whole rest of the place. Oh, and why can't I pay with credit card??? It's 2010! Really?! Ridiculous!Al Pastor tacos! It lived up to the hype. I'm a sucker for the inclusion of sweet with the savory, and the pineapple bits in the taco did just that. However the ambiance of this place is super douchey and crowded... and this coming from an LA girl. It's a long fucking wait for a table. Granted, I was there on a Friday night... but damn. If you can swing it, opt for eating at the bar... or better yet, order them to go and save yourself the misery of waiting.Some of the best tacos I've ever eaten in my life for prices that can't be beat. Not to say that Rick Bayless doesn't do his job well, but I enjoy a Big Star taco more than a taco from Frontera Fresco(and a Big Star taco is three dollars flat). I don't need to dwell on the food too long because everyone knows this place deals out some top-notch cuisine. The most important thing to know when you're going here is that it can be loud to the point where I can't hear what the person sitting next to me is saying. Not the place for an intimate dinner. Big Star still reigns supreme though.I'm torn on the upside with this one. Their tacos are pretty damn small and overpriced. It's true. Sorry, devotees, but a taco that size should NEVER cost $3. The staff are often times pretentious jagwheels as well. I've never had a bad experience with bartenders, but I've dealt with more than enough asshole bouncers and hosts (flatly refusing to give a ballpark wait time, etc). I laid down on one of the benches near the pickup window one afternoon while waiting for my order (there was nobody else there), and was reminded that this "isn't the Holiday Inn." The clientele are almost as bad. Go back to the suburbs, or hit up that stupid "Barrio Taco" near Diversey and Clark in the neighborhood you actually live in, Jesus.The tacos, though, despite being small and overpriced, are some of the greatest tacos I've ever had. The Panza (pork belly) is imported from Mars, I swear to god. I'm a marinated pork junkie, and I've never found anything like it. It's straight outta this world. Guac too, and the beans, and the chicken tosdadas.   So I'm torn, and I honestly feel like I'm giving these guys a harder time than they deserve. But it's a matter of principle, a taco should never be more than $2. Yet I give the place 4 stars. I'm just a hot mess of confusion right now.Mmmmm, tacos!Wait time on a random Tuesday at 7pm... ~30 minutes or so... not as terrible as I expected but still somehow too long for me for a Tuesday, but the tacos were worth it! I had 2 pork shoulder & 1 fish taco. Delicious! Chips & guacamole were great, also, and they have a good selection of beer. Our waitress was super nice & fast, so kudos for that as well. Cheap, fast (save for that wait time) and tasty... you can't go wrong.Surprisingly packed at 6pm on Friday night...surprisingly inexpensive...surprisingly quick service, and not surprisingly - great food!  Menu is limited, so we tried a lot of it.  I particularly would highly recommend the fish tostada and pork belly taco.  Also had the pork shoulder taco and chicken tostada, which were good, but not great.  The chips are a must have - not greasy, plentiful, and salsas are spicy and delish!  The Big Star Margarita at only $7 delivered quite the punch that i needed after a hard week at work...the tequila in it tastes like the authentic, dirty tequila from Mexico that comes with a worm in the bottle (in a good way!).  They also have a great selectiono of Mexican beers...gotta love the Modelo and Pacifico.I had read some Yelps that led me to believe that you get 2 tacos w/each order...this is not true...every item on the menu is just one single thing.  So each taco is like $2-3 and tostada like $3-4.  I had 4 things plus chips and salsa, a marg and a beer, and my tab was like $25 with tax and tip!  VERY reasonable.  Also like the walk-up taco window outside...was able to grab some goodies to take back for my bf to try.  He was impressed as well.The only reason BS isn't getting 4 stars is because of the restaurant itself...i don't like how it's laid out, there's not enough room to enjoy your food, there's no semblance of any kind of order, it's pretty much to each his own...so if you don't feel up to battling w/strangers over barstools and counter space, do NOT go here!  The food was good, but not outstanding enough for me to really care to go back, due to the struggle to get comfortable.  I wouldn't mind going back for some drinks though!Maybe I've gotten lucky.  I've been several times on weekday afternoons when I didn't have to wait and it wasn't too crowded and I've mostly sat at the bar. I really really like the food here. I've tried most of the menu and both the tacos and tostadas are delicious. Try any of the tostadas that have the black bean paste on them, its awesome. Also you have to try the delicious pork belly tacos.Besides Mexican food, one of my other favorite things in the world is craft beer and they have a small, but well chosen selection here. I've had pretty good service. The girls working the door have seemed a little out of it, but the bartenders have all been great.I don't venture out this way as often as I'd like to but golly gee am I happy I was here last night. Big Star may just be one of my new favorite places for cheap drinks and quick eats. For now, however, they're only getting 4 stars until they change my three complaints:1. cash only (who carries cash? plus, I'm waaay more likely to spend tons of money on a tab)2. "show" line outside for no reason whatsoever, other than to appear as exclusive and hip as their sister bar, Violet Hour3. freezing cold bathroom, almost unbearably coldBut other than those three things, which would most def not deter me from returning, I am in love with this place. They have a unique drink selection, their 4 beers on tap being 4 things I've never seen or heard of before, and tons of bourbon and tequila (though not my thing, it may float someone else's liver-killing boat). If you like whiskey, they make a sarsaparilla drink that tastes just like root beer. For me though, the michelada is the ONLY way to go for cocktails. It's a Tecate beer with a salt rimmed glass, lime, and the most orgasmic and flavorful house-made hot sauce. Spicy and salty and DEEEEELISH!Loved loved loved the tacos, especially the pork one with caramelized onions and pineapple. The sweetness from the pineapple gave it such an interesting kick, and the cilantro balanced the dish with a true Mexican flavoring. They're cheap too, at $2/taco considering they make them to order and you can order as little or as many as you'd like in whatever combination you desire (they have about 4 or 5 different tacos to choose from).So to the owners of Big Star - my 5th star awaits you as soon as you let me use my credit card, allow me in the door when I arrive, and put a space heater in that bathroom!First time at Big Star this past Friday....cool place!  My last time in Chicago, Big Star had a huge line so couldn't go.  This time, walked right in around 11pm...maybe the patio being opened helped keep the line down since it was March the previous time?...Only had drinks this time.  Great selection of booze plus, the $3 whisky shots are a great idea.  I like the classy ice cubes too.  They're the big, solid cubes where you only need one or two for your beverage.  Interior, love the fact it's an old garage...at least I'm pretty sure it was or they designed it to look just like one.  Big garage doors open up to reveal the patio in front.  High ceilings, huge horseshoe bar, lots of space for people to sit or stand behind the chairs against the wall, dim, simple lights all around, it's a great vibe.  People-wise, between late 20s to 40.  So all around, just my style and can't wait to go back!There are foods that are appropriate to lick. Lollipops. Icecream. Oreo's creamy center.  Tacos aren't typically on the list of lickable foods. Not until now, that is. I have come to Big Star several times over the last year. I've sat at the bar and outside on the patio, but I've never made it into a booth. And frankly I'm surprised this is the first Big Star review I've written (sorry Big Star, you deserve better).Look the place isn't perfect. It's loud. It's crowded. Seating is limited. It's cash only. But it's also lickable, and that speaks volumes.There are three things I MUST order when I come here. 1. Pitcher of Margaritas- they go down like a hot knife through butter - proceed with caution. You'll lick the salt right off the glass.2. The Queso- Oh hot damn!! Oh Lord have mercy! Oh lickable gooey cheesy goodness3. THE PORK BELLY TACOS. You'll lick the pork. You'll lick your fingers. You'll lick the napkin you wipe your hands on. You'll lick the plate they came on. These are by FAR the best tacos I have ever in my food lovin life eaten. For a casual, fun night out with friends (or a casual date) go to Big Star. For a great meal for not a lot of cash, go to Big Star. Just remember to bring your CASH!I was incredibly excited to go to Big Star after hearing all the hype.  However I have to say the food just did not live up to its experience.  Yes, it was relatively inexpensive as far as a restaurant meal goes in the city especially considering the restaurant leverages great ingredients like sustainably raised meat.But the food itself was just average.  The flavor combinations were pretty expected and there was nothing that really stood out.  Even the Taco Joint which was still working out some service kinks at the time I went had more interesting varieties of tacos.  Really, it felt no more interesting than what you could expect to find at your standard pub or bar.The bottom line is the atmosphere here seems fun and quirky so I'd definitely go back for a drink, but I'm just not sure the food is up to snuff.Decent bites and drinks. Atmosphere wise - this is the kinda place I go when I want to feel uncool or get treated like cattle. Every time I've been here or attempted to go here I've left saying the same thing "food and drinks are good but the atmosphere sucks hard... I prob won't come back"Inevitably though, I end up coming back to meet friends... but every single time I leave a little angry that I gave it another shot. There are way better places in the city to get tacos and decent drinks. Unless your a little on the yuppy side - or like that vibe, I'd say skip it.Thank you.Great job.  Honestly, thank you to the owners of this establishment.I think they hit the nail on the head with the combination of a good beer/spirits selection and a simple but very complimentary food menu.Based upon my first experience here this evening I will be visiting again, perhaps within the next few days.I'll start with the only low notes of the evening.  The guac was not my style.  I like it spicy, salty, and with citrus but this batch was pretty average and not to my liking.  Second, it was a little stressful scouting out seats at the bar.  But I do understand, it's a new hot spot, not really feasible to "reserve" seats at a bar and it was relatively busy.  No biggie, but thought I'd mention.Ok, on to the good stuff.  The al pastor taco was excellent, they make the tortillas on the spot and to order and it shows.  Flavor was very nice with an unexpected hint of pineapple tossed in.  When I ordered I thought I would not like, but in the end it worked out nicely.  Next, the pork belly taco.  It was awesome.  I know it is no stretch of genius to make pork belly taste good, but seriously it was a great little taco (I say little because they are smaller than the average, but greater in taste).  We also ordered a side of beans and they were also spot on, smoky, peppery, and very good on chips or the supplied tortillas.Service was great, both of our bartenders, Ben and a nice latin girl, provided us with drinks without much delay and were very helpful and friendly.***I have to get a quick shot in at Pontiac.  I've lived in the area for about 12 yrs now.  Pontiac left me pissed off and feeling ripped off every time I would visit with it's wretched service, bad food, and overall dirty-ass vibe.  I was happy to see it go and even happier to see Big Star take its place.***Anyways, I think I've made my point clear.  This is a great new business and a nice fit to the neighborhood.  I look forward to visiting regularly.  You should go too, just stay the hell out of my way when I'm chicken-hawking for a stool.  I will cut you.  I repeat, I will cut you.Went here on a Friday evening for Happy Hour/Dinner. The place was ROCKING and it was only 30 degrees outside. There was a 45 minute wait for a table and large bar area was packed. We decided to wait anyways. You can order even if you are just standing near the bar. They have a small bar that's at standing height that's on one side of the bar. Great to drink and eat if you can't get a table or a seat at the bar. Margaritas are good and strong! Guac was some the best I've ever had. I really enjoyed the tacos too. I was two margaritas in by the time we got them so I can't remember which one was my favorite, but they were all good. Also tried the Big Star Margarita. It had a smokey flavor. Very interesting, but not my cup of tea. Parking is nearly impossible, at least on a Friday night. But even still I can't wait to come back un the summer when the very large patio is open. They also have a walk-up order window which is pretty cool. *CASH ONLY* (I'm not sure why this is even still possible in 2013.Cool spot, very crowded.This is the kind of place you have to put your name in 2-3 hours in advance on a weekend, seriously. Really cool spot outside on a nice day. The pork belly tacos are awesome and I really enjoyed the guacamole. The margaritas pack a punch. I like the mexican joint crossed with a whiskey bar feel. Pretty cool and unique. This is a really good spot to start the night.Why is it that upscale taco places and I just don't agree? Am I cursed or something? I heard about the buzz on Big Star and came here with some friends on a Saturday night. I knew that the place would be packed and the wait would be long. Our group of six including a 7 months pregnant friend waited for about a half hour for a table. We had some drinks one side of the bar where other hungry people were waiting to be sat. I couldn't get over how gigantic the bar was. Did it really need to be that big? I kept on thinking how on earth are they going to accomodate diners in the wintertime with less than 5 booths inside! After waiting, we snagged an inside table and poured over the menu. Our group selected chips and guac and various tortas and tacos. The pork belly taco was pretty good as was the fish torta. Overall, the food was good, but slow to come out. We had to get more chips because we damaged the first one upon arrival and needed more to finish off the guac. Our service was alright, just slow going with the massive crowds. Big Star on a Saturday means a slow dinner whether you want to or not. Overall, food was alright and tasty. The service was fine as well. I guess I'm just not a big fan of a la carte tacos with fancy fillings. For me, it's just another case of someone trying to make street food high-end and hipster. I'll take my tacqueria anyday over expensive, fancy tacos.Big Star might as well be on the blog "Stuff White People Like." That's the best way I can describe this place.If you're only going for tacos, there are better tacos to be had. However, cheap beer, cheap food, and a nice outdoor eating area is a good way to draw a crowd.I would have gone for three stars, but the takeout window is a nice touch. Get the pastor.Come on a weekday for lunch.  That's my solution for the waiting and waiting that Yelpers have been referring to in their reviews.No wait at 11:30am on a beautiful Friday afternoon.  The patio is perfect for people watching and overall alresco dining.  Not all tables are covered by umbrellas so choose wisely.Also, found this a bit odd, but we got carded even before we sat down at our tables, at 11:30am!Mexican street food is their theme with big country Texas tunes blaring from their speakers.I was hunger so I ordered:-tacos al pastor-$2 (marinated, spit-roasted pork shoulder with grilled pineapple, grilled onion and cilantro).  Loved the combination of sweet pineapple and salty pork shoulder-tacos de panza-$3 (crispy braised pork belly with tomato-guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onions and cilantro).  This was my ultimate favorite, but then again I do have a soft spot for crispy pork belly!-guac & chips-$5 (creamy guac with a hint of heat)-horchata ($3) was a bit too ricey and left a weird after taste in my mouthThe tacos are served in pairs so one or two orders would be ample belly filling goodness.  Can't wait to come back, just scared that my belly may turn out a little porky if I keep eating here!Big Star!  Oh, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways!1 - For your super crispy, downright delicious talapia fish taco with chipotle mayo and cabbage!  I am not a fish fan, mayo fan or a cabbage fan, but when Big Star puts these particular items together, I could eat them all day!2 - For your oh so yummy tacos al pastor!  Again, not a fan of pork (other than bacon), but Big Star has shown me the way.  Properly marinated and cooked pork shoulder with a perfect pineapple, onion, cilantro salsa and I can't get enough of this Big Star creation!3 - For your homemade tortillas!  I love a good corn tortilla and I am a fan of quality, not quantity.  I don't need a giant carb taking up room that tilapia and pork could be taking, so I am quite pleased with the size and taste of your tortillas.4 - For your fresh guacamole!  Holy moly, it's good eats!  Nice combinations of avocados, onions, cilantro and peppers.  Worth every penny.5 - For your excellent people watching!  We are suburbanites who travel a great distance to visit you and experience all your patio dining has to offer.  We enjoy the wide variety of people who grace you with their presence.  We laugh and have a great time. For these reasons and more, we will be back soon!  p.s.  These things are true as well:  Cash only.  Clean bathrooms.  Long waits.  And, a take-out window if you just can't take the wait.A lot of hipsters go here to eat a lot of tacos. The waits are gruesome, but you'll be hard-pressed to find a better batch of tacos in the greater Chicagoland area that aren't handmade by Rick Bayless.The Protip I'd offer is to order take-out and see if you can just eat at the picnic tables nearby.all it takes are some great margaritas to makes the crazy long wait and ok tacos and tolerable. The atmosphere was fun and noisy, and the restaurant super crowded. The wait was 1 1/2 hour. We ordered2 pitchers of margarita - really good!2 of each tacos - ok, really greasy and really little. guacamole - good, could be biggerwe ordered pretty much the whole menu (due to the alcohol created cravings) and thought the food was ok, just need more alcohol!remember, cash only!I bow down to the late-night walk up window.  This is just what every city dweller longs for late at night, as a last stop after a generous amount of libations, a final stomach- and soul-warmer before heading home.For me, nirvana came to me in the form of a pork belly taco.I placed my order, and eagerly watched the women make the tortillas through the window.  You have to wait a little bit - but the entertainment value and freshness is priceless.I carried my food home, smelling the wonderful smells emanating from the brown paper bag, and laughing at my ticket that said simply "1 BELLY".I unwrapped my food and found the most tiny, perfect taco with a lime and a huge amount of spicy sauce, and I ate it while all of the time making happy noises.I thankfully avoided the free lollipop in the shape of a turkey, which, it turns out, is TURKEY flavored - blech.But all in all, oh what a delicious oasis of savory goodness.  4 Big Beautiful Stars for you, Big Star.If I lived within walking distance of Big Star I would become morbidly obese.  It wouldn't be just the volume of cheap guacamole and tacos I would consume, but the day drinking on the patio.  We're not talking light beer here, but 200+ calorie IPAs ( Lagunitas Hop Stoopid on tap) and sweet, delicious Tequila-based cocktails.  There is something fantastic about drinking and eating Mexican food outside in the summer. I went on a Friday for lunch and the service was quick and friendly.  The tacos were amazing, and the guacamole seemed to never end.  More than three hours passed before I realized I was extremely full, a little drunk, and it was waaaay past lunch time.GREAT tacos, (cash only spot, so bring cash) my favorites, the pastor (pork shoulder w a pineapple salsa), borrego (braised lamb, easily my favorite), and panza (fried pork belly)flavor absolutely pops, nothing is too over the top, and I think it was worth the money I spent. definitely do the order out, so much more faster and efficient, especially if youre going for a quick bitedulce de leche drink though, OVERLY sweet.chips and guac though, are fantastic.the new chicken/chorizo taco, simply put, amazing!my new favorite addition though...the pescado tostada. cant go wrong w fish, lime, guac, and greens on a tostada!We stopped by here after a bike ride. Instead of sitting inside we opted for the take-out window. The menu was okay. The person taking the order behind the window was friendly and helpful. They have real Fresca in real glass bottles here...yum.  We tried all different types of tacos including (FROM THE MENU:Tacos Al Pastor marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, cilantro      2.00Tinga De Pollo wood grilled chicken thigh, chorizo, tomato, garlic, chipotle salsa, crema, lettuce, queso fresco      3.00Tacos De Panza crispy, braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro      3.00Tacos De Rajas De Poblano roasted poblano peppers, onions, oregano, crema, queso de freir      3.00Tostada De Chorizo Con Papas house made chorizo, crispy potatoes, refritos, crema, queso fresco      3.00Tostada De Pescado wood grilled basa, cucumber-onion yogurt, radish, cabbage, red onion, avocado).The Tacos Al Pastor are by far the best ones out of the bunch.I wasn't really amazed by the tacos, but I may try it again this summer.This is not a place I would wait for a seat at.Bike parking out front.Violet Hour trying to be hipster-ish. For $7 bucks, Violet Hour drink? Hell Ya!Fell in love with their margarita made with El Tesoro.So the bartender doesn't have a green card. So what?! She still deserves a tip (though the way she came around the patrons was kinda eastern-europeanish and without a tact, that I must concur). I'm telling ya, tip her. Taco what? Taco who? Was not impressed...Went out with friends last week to Big Star and enjoyed my experience.  I had yet to try "The Publican" or "Blackbird" which come from the same culinary minds as Big Star, but alone the tacos in the place exude flavors of combined street food with high end ingredients. You may have had pork belly and lamb on your tacos before, but none with the tenderness and enriched flavor as Big Star. On top of everything, as a bar to hang with your friends BIg Star gives a great experience packed with bartenders who can serve you solid mixed drinks with a latin edge.Must Try:- Tacos Al Pastor- Tacos De Panza - Queso FundidoMust Know:- Cash Only- The place can get packed during Friday & Saturday nights. You'll be waiting a hour at times.Restaurants are like relationships.Some restaurants are one night stands. You eat there, think "wow that was fun. Let's maybe do it again sometime" and then go back and see it wasn't as pretty as you thought it was.And then some restaurants, like relationships, are real. You feel a connection even after you go back a thousand times. It's love.For me, Big Star is the latter. Every time I come to Big Star, I affirm my love for it. I take it for what it is. It may have little choices to offer, it may have a questionable music taste, and overall it may be a goddamn hipster... But i love it anyway. With all my heart.Vive le big star, c'est mon amour.The atmosphere is fun, casual, and crowded, and at least on a Sunday brunch, way easier to get seated and fed than Bongo Room around the corner.The food is good but could be better, primarily but cutting down the salt content by about half. Same with the horchata except referring to sugar instead of salt. My mouth was on simple-seasoning overload.Was it better than Flash Tacos for a mex fix after Violet Hour boozin? Heeeelllllllllll yes. Would I go out of my way just to eat at Big Star? Probably not.I'm a huge fan of this place, so I want to give it 5 stars but I will admit that they have their flaws. The food is 5 stars. Easily, the best tacos I've ever had. The fish tacos are insanely good. I recently came back from China and came straight here for fish tacos when I got off the blue line. Somethings you just can't get in another country. The Queso Fundido is also a must have appetizer when you dine here. It is amazing. Fix of Chorizo, pablano peppers, and melted cheese on top on warm tortillas. It's a bit spicy, but it's a great starter. The margherita's are really strong, but really good. They make them with whiskey and offer a traditional style of big star style. Both are good, but have a heavy whiskey taste as opposed to margherita's you're probably used to elsewhere. The only knocks that make me give Big Star 4 stars instead of 5 is the staff. The guys at the door, particularly the bald guy that checks ID's is pretty rude and has been a smart ass. Seems like he has an attitude of entitlement and last time when I asked if we can sit at the bar, he responded with "you can do whatever you want." Um thanks buddy. To echo the past reviews, it does get crowded but the new addition of the snow globe outdoor patio has helped this a lot and I have not had a problem finding a seat as of late. Sometimes I get carry out and even the girl has some attitude when I wanted to add on to my order and then paid with a hundred dollar bill. That's all I had on me at the time and she rolled her eyes. Sorry? CASH ONLY ESTABLISHMENTThe tacos here are tasty, yet small and expensive for the simplicity of the meal. That said, I enjoyed the food, especially the Pork Belly Tacos and the Guacamole. The night we came here it was packed, per usual for this joint, so be prepared for a wait, and grab a drink from the bar, where they make some pretty good cocktails. Enjoy Suckas'!!!Approach this place as a bar, and you'll be fine.They have 6 tables, and even though it was early Friday evening, my group waited 2 hours to sit down. We were happy because of good drinks and company though. It would also be fine if you went with only one other person and could snag seats at the bar for an evening of beer and tacos.Birria, pastor, and pork belly tacos were delicious. Really good chips and guacamole, and nice fresh tortillas.My first night at BIg Star was one of the best of my life......Bourbon, tacos, and the most random mix of restaurant/bar goers that I've ever seen.  The high profile of Big Star is definitely bringing in some new people to the neighborhood- its a nice change from the dark rimmed glasses and flannel shirts to see some leather pants and plastic surgery around town.I think its fantastic that you can get a wild west drink that'll put a little hair on your nipples for only $7.  To clarify, the liquor to mix ratio is strongly in the customer's favor.  Sasparilla Springs is my number one and its a tie between the HUD and the Black Cherry Fizz for number two.  When you add some Johnny Cash on top of it I am soaring in heaven.  If I was just reviewing this as a bar, I'd probably give it a 4, however its become just as much of a dinner place with the popularity of the bar food.The drinks are consistently fantastic but the food quality varies night to night.  I always get guacamole, a chicken tostada and a fish tostada and it tastes different every time.  Never as good as the first week they opened.  Except the poblano taco.  That was never good, unless you like eating snot.There is no way to beat the rush, but go on a week night if its your first time.  Its worth it to wait for one of the tables and get a server to balance out the crowd- keep in mind you have to have a party of 3 or more to qualify.  Have a snack before you go, get a sasparilla spring if you like bourbon or a san antonio sling if you don't.  Get the queso fundido and a taco or two, but save the rest of your moola for booze and you will have a fantastic night.I'll be honest, when I read people's reviews about bad service I always give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt, thinking, 'oh, maybe that reviewer has never worked in a restaurant' or, 'maybe they're just too demanding of their servers."  Never again.  The service we had on Saturday for lunch was TERRIBLE.  After ordering promptly, we sat and watched no less than FOUR tables be seated and order up to 30 minutes after us and still no food for us (table of 2).  When we politely inquired about the status of our food we got a snide, "Your order is in, they just all went in at the same time so it's coming."  No apology (which always goes a long way with me), and besides, it was just a flat-out lie, because when a table comes in a half hour after me and gets their food first, that doesn't mean our orders went in at the same time, it means the waitress forgot to put our order in.Anywhos, the food was friggen awesome.  Absolutely delicious.  I would get take-out in a heartbeat, but the service ruined the restaurant experience for me.I really really liked this place in the spring when it wasn't so crowded. The outdoor seating is really nice and the vibe they have is really cool. However, now that I've attempted to go here periodically throughout the summer, I've changed my tune. There is always at  wait at the door and the door staff isn't particularly friendly. They are now often full to capacity at the bar too! The margaritas aren't consistently good and the food is a little pricey.Got here around 10 pm with boyfriend and was told outdoor patio seating was closed and booths inside were for parties of 4 or more, okay no problem.  Proceeded to other side of patio to the walk up window to order and was told no alcohol served on this side....getting better by the minute. There should be a sign when ordering at this place stating " We serve the smallest tacos in the world here".  Not sure what all the hoopla is about but I definitely won't be coming back!Notting beats the summer heat like having a Big Star magirita out on the patio!I've decided that this is a taqueria for white people. You will never see anyone that is of actual Hispanic heritage here because they know better. The taco meat is usually chewy, this is because it has been pre-cooked, possibly several times. Congratulations Big Star, thanks for making a succulent pork belly chewy and tough - way to go! Don't expect to order your taco to taste without a fight. They strongly discourage you from asking for a custom taco. This is because they simply churn out massive amounts of crappy tacos. They don't put any love or care into their tacos.The best thing I have ever eaten here was their hot dog. Go to an authentic place in the hood for a real taco.Awesome pork belly tacosI'm just going to get this part of the review out of the way first... the food here is phenomenal. Just thinking about those pork tacos with the pineapple and cheese is giving me a fwoodie (yes, that's short for a food woodie)."But then why did you give this place only 3 stars?" you ask? Two words... The Service.My brother was visiting from LA and we walked through my neighborhood looking for a place to eat. We really wanted to go to Belly Shack, but it was a Monday and they were closed. We trekked further down Milwaukee and came across Big Star. I had heard both positive and negative things about the place, but we were starving and headed inside regardless.The people that work here are rude hipsters that seem to not give a crap about the fact that you're there to give them your hard earned money for a meal. We were seated in such a way that amounted to being told "There's some stools over there. Go sit." We were ignored by the bartenders/waiters for about 15 minutes even though we were ready to order about 3 minutes after sitting and attempting to flag down a bartender several times. We finally ordered and our food came out ultra fast, like within 2 or 3 minutes. At least the chef seems to give a crap about the customers. Once we were done eating the fantastic grub we couldn't even get a bartender to give us our damned receipt. He was more interested in figuring out which record album he was going to spin on the turntable next. We just threw a few bucks on the counter and left.In summary, avoid going inside the restaurant and just go to the take out window outside. You'll save some time and a few Tums tablets from the frustration of trying to get someone to look like they give a crap that you want to give them money.As far as the actual tacos go, I'd rather go to one of the multitudes of real taquerias in Chicago. If I'm looking for a great place to spend a summer afternoon out in the sun, Big star would be up near the top of the list. Good drinks, fun atmosphere make it worth the high price for the smallish tacos.Everything about the experience here is amazing. The staff are attentive, the drinks are delicious (careful with those margarita pitchers), the food is AMAZING and I love their patio area.Most of my fellow Yelpers have it right, this is an amazing place to have a margarita or beer, enjoy their splendid tacos and sit on their great patio. I usually get to Big Star when they open since if you wait even a few minutes, you could be waiting a long time to snag a spot!I dont like how every time i go in there they want to id you like some people just want to come to eat not drink. There cheap bottle of water is over priced for 2$ a bottle. Besides that they have probably the best fish tacos in the city there nice n small and delicious. Its always crowded but its a decent size, and they also have a quick outside stand .Its good i would def recommended.Not bad at all. It has a few good taco choices. The prices aren't too bad either. I wish they would slide an extra tortilla under each order so you could make two smaller tacos instead one bulging taco. Heh, just a thought.I can't give this place more than 3 stars because it is cash only. That never sits well with me. Also, I guess I got super excited to see tacos al pastor on the menu. Hmm, tacos al pastor they are not... but still pretty tasty. "In the style of" would be a few good words to place in front of this menu item (that goes for 99% of Mexican food sold in the US, but I digress). The fish and borrego tacos were also good. To drink I had a delicious sarsaparilla that really hit the spot. The limeade was also good, but I wish I would have had another sarsaparilla. You know, typing sarsaparilla isn't quite as fun as saying sarsaparilla. Sorry, I'll try to stop writing sarsaparilla.I like the look of this place. It's laid back and the location is also pretty good. I'll probably be back.Sarsaparilla - I tried.Since there are well over 400 reviews I'll keep this brief:1) Cash only.2) No beef, only chicken & pork.3) Best chips & guac in the world, lots of sea salt & fresh lime.4) This place gets crazy-crowdy on the weekend. Last Sunday there was a 3 hour wait. The hostess told me.5) The only music they seem to play is country-western. I hope that changes.6) The outdoor dining area was filled with modern-day-hippy twig boy in skinny jeans trying way too hard not to be the modern-day-hippy twig.Busy is the word that is most often associated with things operated by the Blackbird, Avec, Violet Hour gang, and this place is usually just as busy as the other buzz joints these folks operate. I have been here many times for beers, but have never had the food here. I like the decor, I like the radio tube amp, and the LPs spinning. I went in today to try the food. I have been meaning to do so for a long time, and today as I was walking around my neighborhood decided that it was not busy, so I would go in and have a relaxing meal and a beer. I ordered the pastor taco, the fish taco, and a chorizo and potato tostada. When they came out they were on small tortillas (smallest I have seen in Chicago) which reminded me of the little tacos sold in Piedras Negras, MX for 50 cents. The tacos were wrapped in a single tortilla which goes against the whole taqueria principal of "dos tortillas de maize" to hold together the wonderful taco meat/juices. Taco 1: Grade D The pastor taco was tasty, but the meat was exceptionally dry. It was one of the worst versions of this classic taco I have ever had. Compared to the Tacos Al Pastor at hole-in-the-wall taquerias this place really put forward a weak offering for a whopping $3 (well more than 30%-50 over the average price of a taco in this city). Taco 2: Grade A- Despite the failure to double tortilla the taco, the fish taco here was quite good. Was it worth $3? Probably not, but it was flavorful, and the sauce was perfect. Solid entry. Tostada: Grade C+ My grandmother who was born and raised on the US-Mexico border in Texas has been cooking tostadas for over 75 years and so I am a tostada snob. This offering was a tiny little tortilla (smaller than the smallest I have seen in Mexico) with black beans (also fairly rare in many parts of Mexico, and certainly Texas), and topped with chorizo and potatoes. Now Chorizo and potatoes is a staple in any Tex-Mex or Mexican breakfast line up, and this was done quite well. The only problem I had with this was that it was a tiny-tiny-tostada, and my grandmother would have had a word or two for the cooks for sure! Was it worth the price? Not really but it was good. Sauces: the hot sauce (red) is quite nice. The food was fresh, but not mind blowing. Cemitas Pueblas a few minutes drive or bike ride west on North Ave. is much better for most of these staples I must say especially if you like pastor. So, in the end what does Big Star deliver? It gives you quirky ethnic food without having to go into an ethnic neighborhood like Pilsen or a few blocks south of the Wicker Park triangle to Chicago Ave (Think Tacos Veloz). Everyone speaks English, and you don't have to worry about getting a taco made with beef cheek or brains, goat, or lamb by mistake. Many years ago, a friend described this trend as "de-racinated" ethnic food. You get the food without the people who make it getting in the way. It is a good business model, but paying nearly $10 for three tiny items was a bit much for me to consider coming back for food. It reminds me of a place inspired by "Last Chance Texaco" (why the Big Star in an old gas station?) which I have always liked when coming here for drinks on busy weeknights or any night for that matter. For people watching, drinking, and fun, and a snack on a hot corner in the city, I'd have no problem going back to soak in the summer sun on the patio and watch the beautiful people, but for the world's best tacos? No.Oh my god. Even Big Star's rail whiskey is good.T-R-O-U-B-L-E.I finally got to go to Big Star! Everyone know it's one of the places to be in Wicker Park! A true testament to that is it being featured in the most recent Time Out Chicago. Alfresco season is upon us in the city and this is one of the prime locations to dine. My friends and I waited 90 minutes for a table yesterday but the great thing is you don't have to hang around while you wait. We put our name down, drove off and did some shopping, then they called us when they were ready. We were seated in their outdoor area and it was the perfect weather for the venue...warm but with a bit of a breeze.We were very slow getting service and just throughout the meal attention to our table was pretty weak. That could definitely be improved upon here. We waited 30 minutes for our beers to come up. C'mon now. However, our server was nice and friendly.A big plus with Big Star is the prices! Tacos are $3 each (took 4 of them to fill me up!) and beers range in price from $1-$7ish? But you can order pitchers plus tons of other drinks. Being the cheap girl that I am, I went with the 7 oz $1 Schlitz beer. It hit the spot so well I got a second one. Great deal!On to the food! I tried my friend's hot dog and am sorry to say it wasn't very special. Drenched in toppings was it's main selling point but that didn't work for me. I tried the Tacos al Pastor (pork shoulder with pineapples, very good), the Tacos de Panza (pork belly taco, extremely tasty but the pork belly was overcooked making it a bit hard to eat, slightly disappointing) and TWO of the Tacos de Pescado (beer battered tilapia with chipotle mayo). The true winner was the Fish Taco! It is highly recommended! The chipotle mayo on it was amazing although it had my weak tastebuds on fire. It was seriously so good, I ended up ordering a second one. Nomnomz! I also liked their chips & guac. I don't usually like chips but I couldn't stop myself from eating more and more and more!What I wish for Big Star...live music! Even just an acoustic kind of thing...a man and his guitar would have suited my fancy. It would have paired well with the whole atmosphere. Just a tad more attention to food. And a lot more attention to service. Either way, I'll definitely be back.I'd like to take your mom here sometime. She likes mexican food in case you didn't know. Since she's not too classy a more casual spot with good food and good booze will do just fine. You can't go wrong with the tacos here. Anything pork is an excellent choice. Your mom really likes to get drunk with me when we go out so she'll love all the bourbon selection here at the bar. I've got a few of the sides here too and they were good. It was busy when I went here before. It was well worth the wait and I sat at the bar. Service was excellent and I'm sure your mom would really like it. I believe in Mexico they would refer to a man such as me as "Sancho." Sancho approves of Big Star.With over 1100 reviews I'm not sure what I can add, other than the over-hyped fish tacos are just that: over-hyped.  But everything else was excellent.I went here with a couple friends before a show at the Double Door on a rainy Saturday evening (about 7:30) and even with the cold dreary weather we had to wait about 20 minutes in line to get a table.  They did move the line from the sidewalk over up against the building when the rain picked up which was nice of them.After getting a table be prepared to wait a few minutes for the drink order, and even longer for a food order.  So don't go here when in a hurry.So back to the fish tacos; one friend was calling these the best they've ever had, but is just a setup for disappointment if you ask me. I opted for 1 one each meat taco they had on the menu, and we shared some chips and guacamole.  So that's the fish, pork belly, pork shoulder, and (for $1 extra) chicken.The chips were excellent as they had somehow been seemingly infused with lime, it seemed like more than just a lime spritz on the chips as there was a definite hit of lime in every bite.  I make homemade guacamole all the time and I wish I could get even halfway to their result, it was as if the most perfectly creamy avocados in the world where sacrificed for this appetizer.Since we all ordered a bunch of tacos it was interesting that they just bring them on shared plates, so make sure you remember what you order since you'll have to do the match between friends.  Oh yeah, there were a couple decent draft beers incluing $3 for a pint of Stone Pale Ale.  Unfortunately that evening they were out of the draft IPA, as well as the Sonoran Hot Dog (a bacon-wrapped all beef hot dog on a roll) which one of my friends was talking about for the previous 3 hours.I started with the fish taco (Pescado) and yes it was good, but nothing worth raving about.  (Personally I think Carbon in Near South has better encrusted tilapia tacos, their sauce is better as well.)  I then moved on to the pork shoulder taco (Pastor) which I liked better than the fish, great flavor on the pork and I loved the pineapple and pickled red onions.Moving on to the pork belly taco (Panza) this meat was even better than the last.  And (unknowingly) saving the best for last the chicken (Pollo) was great.  The menu says 'marinated chicken' but no mention of the smoky bite from the perfect balance of chipotle adobo sauce it was apparently marinated in. My hands-down favorite.The bill was a bit on the heavy side but we all were famished by the time we got there so we probably went overboard a bit, but if you reign yourself in to 3 tacos and a beer the cost is actually not bad at all.Yes I like this place. It does things differently- no credit cards, just cash- tax is included in the prices- food is super authentic, even though this place is really a barwe tried all the little tacos and I think the way they made them was incredible. Great mix of tastes and textures. My faves were the pork belly, the tilapia and the potato. the soup was super bean-y and flavorful too and the hot dog was pretty big, a meal in itself. The menu is limited, so it's recommended that you try everything. Dinner for 3 came to $31 and we had a margarita as well. The margarita was small and saddened me a little, but it was strong and well made. I would recommend that you go in the week, since this place packs up on the weekends.Decor is nice inside the bar area- lots of wood, seating available around the bar and booths that sit upto 6-7 people. Outside was a little more patio-like furniture, and it's great to sit out there in the evening on warm summer nights.Having been here several times now, I will say the patio is the bomb, and make sure you get your name in/ know how to work it to get a patio table. Had a whisky sour this past Saturday afternoon, and it was fresh and good, like all the food and drinks here.This place is my go-to Taco place. The atmosphere is pretty awesome, it's pretty loud but very laid back and casual. You can go in a t shirt or something nice and pretty much you will fit it. If you get only 1 thing here, get the Al Pastor tacos. Simply amazing. The food and drinks are reasonably priced and the service is great. Only a couple small complaints...Cash only...I know you are trendy but it is almost 2013, you can take credit cards and survive.The 'not free' chips and salsa is kinda lame in my opinion.Lastly the constant pre-bussing and organizing of the table is annoying when you are trying to have a convo. The food here rocks and I will be going back lots!Oh Big Star, you hold the key to my heart! and always reminds me of why I love Wicker Park. No, I am not a hipster cowboy, nor do I pretend to be one on TV. But I like being surrounded by them. Big Star's draws: my kind of people watching, cool stark environs, scrumptious al pastor tacos with grilled pineapple. (Yesterday, when I was dissatisfied with my mediocre tacos at Mayan Palace, I realized that I was comparing them to Big Star's). At Big Star, you can catch a whiff of the good life.Be careful, you have to get the timing right. The perpetual long lines outside and standing room only inside never fail to amuse. We usually sit at the bar, where the service has never failed me. (fingers crossed)It has been brought to my attention on several occasions that all that the bar lacks is TVs. Careful honey, lest we ruin it.I'm obsessed.  You hear me? Obsessed.DeCero? Pshhh.  Frontera? Bayless, you've been out taco'd.  My only regret is that it took me so long to get to Big Star.  Oh, and that I didn't order about 20 more tacos.  This place was already bustling at 5:00 on a Friday and bar space is definitely at a premium, so if waiting and being bumped by hipsters makes you anxious...well...get yourself a margarita (the smokey one) and get over it because the pay off is totally worth it.Cannot wait until patio season.  Guac + tacos + pitcher(s) of margs + people watching at north/milwaukee/damen = my new favorite sunday.Ya Ya, everyone knows...Hipster central, great patio, always crowded even when every other place is empty. Inside is loud and annoying but if you get a patio seat it is good people watching and I am sure many upon many of peoples have brought someone home that they didn't show up there with. Food and beer selection is nothing special but the service is better than you would expect...Location, Location!Maybe if I lived next door, as my friend does, I would grow weary of having unlimited access to delicious tacos.  Unfortunately, I live 2.5 hours away, so I fantasize about these tacos while I'm eating the so-so ones I have to live with in my town.  I've eaten here at off-peak hours, so waiting and freshness hasn't been a problem, luckily.  The chicken tacos were, as I alluded to above, the best I've ever had.  They're served simply, and spicy.  I like it.So as I was walking towards Big Star.. I see a man with orange crocs..ummmmmmm.. MARIO BATALI ! (Also saw Paul Kahan)Mario took pictures with me and it came out sooo dark(iPhone..boo!) so he offered to take them outside :) So nice ! He also checked my ID hahahaha. Anyway, that just sort of made my night there... It was SUPER packed. Dark. Loud music. Cool people. lol. I ordered the limeade, guac & chips, and two tostada de pescados  All really CHEAP, delicious, and surprisingly filling. They used basa for the tostadas,  which is a type of catfish. Yum!!! Their guac had shaved radishes/some other veggie on top. Deericious. My friends got the braised pork tacos and the roasted poblano tacos. They both enjoyed itttt.I'm glad I went tonight. Also learned that a phone (no matter how awesome it is) is not a camera. Should start carrying a digi cam from now on. iPhones need flash!I'd been to Big Star a few times, but held off reviewing, because I'd only ever imbibed the alcohol there. Finally, this weekend I waded into the great debate that are the tacos there.So, to start off, I'm a huge fan of the Schlitz. This is for many reasons. a) It's nice and crisp and goes down easy. b) The bad math associated around the Schlitz initially boggled my mind. Why would I buy 12 oz for $3, when I could just buy three 7 oz for $3? But now I think it's a masterpiece. It functions like google goggles. If the people you're with order the 12 oz, both you and big star instantly realize they're horribly, on-the-verge-on-alcohol-poisoning drunk, and you take them home. Right? That must be it. Otherwise it makes no sense.The micheladas are great as well, but I always have to reach for the tobasco sauce for some more spice, but hey, that's just me.And so, finally, to the tacos. It's really something else to be told that you get *one* taco for three bucks. You're like, haha, sure, it must be a monster taco. Nope. They're frigging delicious, I'll tell you that. Amazing. Goes down in one bite. But that's exactly the problem. It's over too soon! And if you're even remotely hungry, and especially if you've drinking and are ravenously hungry, you're going to wolf down 5-6 tacos, and where does that leave you? Working the streets for cash, that's what.So, in conclusion, I love your setup, Big Star. I watched them turn that nondescript little garage into you from the Damen Blue line stop every day for months. I was so excited to see you open. I dig your beer. I dig your bartenders. I dig the way your tacos taste. I do not, however, like their price. So I'll give you 3.5 stars and round it to a 4. Cya sometime again this weekend.Let me start off by saying I have **tried** to eat here three times and was only successful once. What?!? The first two times, I was with two other people and we were told that they would NOT put our name on the wait list for a table unless we had four people or more. We tried to squeeze in at the bar and grab a drink and maybe order some tacos. WRONG. The bartender not only didn't give us menus, she didn't even acknowledge us. And it got old being bumped into and elbowed every five seconds. We left without ordering a thing. Oh Big Star-I have tried!!!Well, last night I went with my husband and some of his friends. We went to put our name down the list and the kind of rude host couldn't estimate how long the wait would be for seven. He took down our cell phone number and said he would call when our table was almost ready. Two hours later, we still hadn't received a phone call so we headed back to Big Star to see where we were in line. The super UNfriendly host didn't even mention that he forgot to call and miraculously, our table was ready two minutes later. Obviously, they had no idea we were even waiting for a table. Should I keep going?Ok.We sit down, the waitress rolls over about 25 minutes later to take our drink orders and before our whole group even orders, she walks away. Yes folks, a waitress walked away while taking an order. It doesn't get any better than that.We had to get her attention and remind her that there were still people sitting in front of her who hadn't ordered a drink yet. We decided to order all of our food at that point as well-who knew when this girl was coming back.15 minutes later our food starts coming out...but still no drinks. Now, I am parched.10 minutes later, our drinks arrive. Yay! Except she forgets mine. Let's see, 7 people, 7 drink orders,  6 drinks. ???The food was average, the place was absurdly crowded, and the staff was confused and unfriendly. Next time I want to wait 3 hours a meal, I'll just make something in the crock pot.If you think of this place as a crowded bar first, and a restaurant second, you will be more pleased than if viewed the other way around. Like everyone else, we had the wait, but, c'mon people, the patio is closed, and the place has about 5 tables!  As such, if you go expecting a wait, drink some really good and strong margs while doing so, once you are seated, you will enjoy some good (not great), but definitely better than average, Mexican "bar" food.  Plus, apparently service differs, as our server got it done right.I added a star because the no-nonsence (obviously slammed) bartender offered to replace two margaritas that were over-zealously removed by a bar back -- no questions asked, and no hassle. So, maybe lower the expectations a notch, and you will have a good time -- for what it is.....especially when the patio opens again.HIPSTER. The atmosphere is plaid, pbr, and piercings.  Not that there's anything wrong with that- but you will notice what I speak of.The food is good, but not as good as the crowds would suggest.  I had a mexican squash (pumpkin?) soup with toasted pumpkin seeds which was out of this world good.  Tacos are pretty good too, but I think taco joint has the superior food.It's a little too crowded- and they have very limited seating.  They honestly could half the size of the bar and add some tables to make seating a little more possible.No credit cards accepted.  Lame.  I get the desire to avoid credit card fees, but this place is certainly making enough money where they should extend the convenience to their customers.  It's not like this is some hole-in-the wall small operation.At the end of the day, it's a good meal and i'll continue to frequent this place.Took a random day off of work yesterday and decided to celebrate by traversing down Damen Avenue to a spot I've been eyeing for quite some time now...Big Star (I suppose the "suspense" of the ellipsis was unnecessary considering you already knew what restaurant I was reviewing...)On first glance walking past Damen and North I wondered if I had somehow passed it...I assumed it would be a large establishment sitting in one of the many connected buildings down that stretch. As I ventured further the landscape opened up and what appeared before me seemed to be some sort of hipster oasis. Flannel shirts, over sized sun glasses, ironic trucker hats, and asymmetrical haircuts converging in a short fenced play pen in front of what looked like a haphazardly renovated auto shop. The "door guy", in this case a young woman with aviator sunglasses so big that I could easily see the confusion on my face regarding the nature of her position in the reflection, asked for my I.D. and then told me there'd be a wait..."I'll find a seat at the bar" I said, and she nodded in approval. As I walked into the restaurant area I gained more respect for the establishment, as the the interior bar had that blonde wood that I'm finding more and more in new establishments across the city (think all of the Pony Inn and Duchamp...what I refer to as "Norwegian Wood"). Lots of natural light coming in as the entrance ways are two large glass garage doors and there are rows of bubbled "moon roofs" that scale across the ceiling. I sat down for a drink amongst the crowded bar and took a gander at the menu.Cheap...the place is cheap. It's not taco stand cheap, but I don't think anyone should go in there expecting $1 tacos with free chips and salsa. You're getting quality ingredients with innovative pairings. Pork belly tacos? Yes please...El pastor with pineapple? Don't mind if I do. The size and price of items here allow for a diversified meal that is filling without being too filling, and won't murder your wallet. While my experience at Paul Kahn's other restaurant The Publican was amazingly epic, it was so in a different way as I left comatose and broke. This is the ying to Publican's yang in my opinion, and it's a welcome change to my common strategy of valuing food by its weight. Whiskey and beer selections are pretty standard, with the whiskey selection being a little more defined IMHO. My choice for that afternoon? $1 7oz pours of Schlitz...when a cold beer sounds great with a taco but too much will inevitably lead to an ill conceived afternoon nap, this offering allows you to refresh yourself without the burden of finishing a beer just so you don't waste it. Best surprise of the day...no tax. $11 worth of food is $11 and not $12.10. I know it's not much, but in the highest sales taxed region in the country the "tax included" policy is a brownie point waiting to happen.All in all I think this is a place that at times takes itself too seriously...but the location, food, price and concept are well worth what will probably be an ever growing line. I will be coming back soon.I feel ridiculous adding my 2 cents to 800+ reviews, soooo...I'll keep it short and sweet.-It's busy.-The fish tacos are totally worth it.-The guac is not worth $7.-The servers have a "too-cool-for-school" attitude...but I think this place is kind of too cool for school.-I'd be willing to wait 30 minutes...but not an hour plus.-Yum.No thanks.  Rich privileged white people reinventing Mexican food and profiting from it.  Not to mention the food is extremely salty and service is bad. I hope their latino servers make more than minimum wage, I mean, it would be fair being that their food is being colonized.Big disappointment is what this place should be called. Average bar and definitely nothing special. Big outdoor area with seating. Went on a Wednesday night and it was pretty busy but I've been to busier places and the slow service excuse because it's busy is really no excuse. If you have a busy bar hire more employees. Duh! Hovered around the bar because there was no place to sit of course. Could not even make contact with the bartenders to get a drink even though we were just on the other side of the people sitting down. Do only the people who have seats get served? Maybe that's it. Decided to try a different tactic and get put on the list for a table even though there was only two of us. Lady who took our names said it would "be a long time". Exactly how long is that, 10 minutes, 30 minutes, 2 hours? Be a little more specific please. At the end of the day if there had been a decent looking crowd or good music it would have been worth it but there wasn't so with a lot of minuses and no plusses we decided to leave and take our business elsewhere. I'm new to Chicago but there has to be better places than this and I will find them. Not gonna waste my time here again.I hate writing reviews for a place with more than a few hundred write-ups as there is usually little to add.... and Big Star has more than 1200. I grabbed a quick lunch last week while on assignment in the area. Never been carded before having tacos? Must be the suburban boy in me! Once I got in and seated at the bar, service was good, ended up working with a few different folks. Quickly tossed aside the whiskey list... even if I wasn't working, I'd have done that, I was just there for the al pastor and as it turned out the Queso Fundido! Hard to go wrong with chorizo or al pastor! I probably should have done just the al pastor tacos or just the Fundido, it was too much food for one person (had two tacos). Everything was pretty solid, tacos could have been a bit hotter (temp not spice), but overall a nice experience. Wish I'd had more time to soak up some atmosphere, but had to keep working. Definitely worth a shot if you're in the mood for Mexican and are strolling about WP.I went to Big Star with a couple of friends for dinner and a couple of beers. Friendly atmosphere and great staff. We visited a  Sunday and altough the place was packed we didn't have to wait to be seated. Their hot dog was one of the better I've had in Chicago, quite filling too. We were recommended their mexican food and I tried a taco which was good, not great. I will definitely give the tacos another try next time I'm there. Good selection of beer, covering most styles but not inclunding my personal favorites.I feel like i'm waiting for my car to be serviced when I dine here. Yes this used to be a garage, yes there are authentic mexicans from mexico preparing your food, and yes the food is pretty damn good. I love their pork belly and al pastor tacos. Like any good mexican joint their guacamole is perfectly seasoned with a great balance of lime and salt.Lately, they seem to always be busy, especially around dinner time. Have a good Plan-B like liquid dinner across the street at violet hour.Big star, big crowd, big wait time. My date & the other couple I was with all said there is almost always a long wait. One star automatically deducted for that because I'm pretty sure we waited at least an hour in a crammed space beside some barrels. Good thing we enjoyed our drinks & had a place to set them down because waiting would have been awful otherwise. Points for allowing us to bring two dogs, one being a big collie that barked at random times. We got a lot of attention from them and saw a few other dogs on the patio. Patio is pretty crammed, so we had to keep the pups pulled in close, but no one seemed to mind because the table adjacent to us had a dog and everyone else seemed to be dog lovers, petting our pooches & smiling at them. Small beer list, but they had one on draft from a new local brewery, Off Color. It was decent. I also ordered an $11 Le Merle (great farmhouse saison) and $1 7 oz. Rhinelander (cute beer in a tiny bottle for a great price.) The other couple ordered a pitcher of margaritas & a couple shots of tequila paired with sangrita; very spicy, but they loved it enough to order a second after the first. Food was great. I had the queso fundido, the guys ordered a couple tacos, and our fourth diner was a vegetarian (can't remember what she got, but said there was a decent selection of vegetarian choices.) My q.f. was just enough food and oh so good. Has chorizo in it (yum) and is real melted cheese, not cheap cheese sauce like the last time I had it. Note: if any place ever serves you queso fundido that isn't real melted cheese, run away & never return. This place does it authentic. Prices are fair, too. As far as I hear, this place is always packed & does very well. My date really wants to go back because they were so dog friendly, but we also loved (or love) the food. Parking was a cinch and it was a Sunday early evening, actually just plain evening because by time we actually received our food after the wait & after ordering, it was probably around 8:00. Not sure if you can call ahead & make a reservation, but we gave our name & they were supposed to call us on our cell phone when they could seat us. I would definitely go back. I love the area & loved the place in general. Would plan on sitting inside next time, maybe, at a booth so we wouldn't feel so crammed and I probably would go on a week night, not weekend.The food is good, but I am not sure that the long lines and the hype are worth it.  So, if I were in the neighborhood, maybe I would stop in from time to time, but I don't think I would make a special trip for it.My wife and I were not treated well here. We were promised the next table, but after three tables were passed up with "Reserved" signs placed on them and no explanations what-so-ever other than your table will come soon, and we decided to leave the place.  We have come here plenty times before and have loved the place, but since the bouncer and staff have treated us like such, we doubtfully plan to come back.Matt's list of things that are good:1) patios2) whiskey3) tequila4) tacoshaving the four things on my list and doing all four very well? 4 stars for you, Big Star! I have to say, the pork belly tacos were excellent, as was my seafood tostada! That staff was incredibly friendly as well. All around a very pleasant experience. I'm sure i'll be back on my next visit to Chicago.Yup, the tacos are delicious. I rarely give 5 stars, but this place deserves it. The El Pastor is just perfect. A little bit of pineapple to cut the rich meat. Yes, please. The pescado is great, too. I'm a sucker for a good fish taco, and this is it. Drinks - amazing. The margaritas are all very tasty, plus they have micheladas and tons of tequila. I don't often venture into this neighborhood, but I feel like it's worth the trip!!!Well, I finally had my Big Star experience. I was actually really torn between 4 and 5 stars. I don't think my 2pm on a Wednesday visit was very typical, so I'm hesitant to bump it up to 5 starts until I try it one more time later in the evening. Being an off time, my party of three was easily seated at the tables near the front of the indoor portion. We proceeded to order guac and tacos...oh, and a series of three pitchers of margaritas. Did I mention there was only three of us in our group? Ugh, these margaritas are NOT weak, and we were in pretty rough shape by the time we left. Luckily the food came out quite quickly and I was able to enjoy (and remember) it, before sinking into tequila oblivion. DELISH! I had the first two tacos on the menu - a pork shoulder and a pork belly one. Both fabulous, I guess I'd go pork belly if I had to play favorites. Guac was very good as well, and everything was reasonably priced. I'll be back often, although maybe not too soon...I'm still kind of hung over almost a week later...I been here twice this summer already. Thank goodness I have gone during random days and times where the wait was not as bad as I have read.The place is not much to look at, but the outside seating is fun; yet can be a little crowded (good thing I am small). Both times I was seated at the same crowded little table on the edge. We ordered a little bit of everything both times. I absolutely LOVE their GUACAMOLE..I love that I can taste the lime. I know that everyone likes their margaritas but you must try a MICHELADA .It is beer (tecate)w/ a spicy sauce mix & lime. It tasted just like what I have had in Mexico!Everyone had nothing but good things to say about the fish tacos & pork belly tacos. They may be small but all real tacos are and they come really stuffed.Personally I enjoyed their veggie taco over their veggie tostada (not good).I can see why people have mixed reviews about the service. I didn't have the same waitress the entire time. People really weren't too friendly but to me it is just a taco joint so I didn't expect much anyways.Too much attitude, not enough service.  If you go, go for the scene and the patio (which is alot of fun).The food is fine - tacos are good (though not sure about the fish tacos - fried fish is not my thing) though I'm not sure I'd wax on rapturously about them.  Both varieties of pork tacos are good and satisfying.  The guac is also very nice.  This is basically glorified bar food which, let's face it, is basically what Big Star is - a bar.The bar tenders were cool and very helpful.  Not at all what I expected from a place which is too cool for school.  I recommend the Michelada - beer mixed with lime and something similar to spicy bloody mary mix served over ice.  So refreshing!Based on this I'd be pleased to give this place a three star rating - good solid food, good drinks (excellent Bourbons), but nothing earth shattering.They lose a star (pun intended) for the attitude and waiting.  After waiting 45 minutes for a table I inquired where we were on the list.  It turns out they'd crossed off our name and hadn't called us.  I was told we'd get the next table.  Back in the bar my wife had scored some seats, so we sat.  In 10 minutes, still no word from the front desk, we ordered.  45 minutes later when we left, still nothing.  I'm happy to wait, but the restaurant better keep up their end of the deal.  This was not cool.In short - if you are looking for a sceney bar with fun outdoor space, please go here.  If you are looking for take out tacos use their take out window, they are tasty.  However, I see no reason to wait this long, and put up with the attitude just for a few pretty good tacos.  You can use your time more wisely.Big Star. Great atmosphere (3 points). Delicious tacos (3 points). Jackass door man that treats people like shit (-5 points). If they get rid of him, Big Star would always be a good call.Plaid shirts- cowboy style, country music on the turntable, $3 beers, and the best fish taco in town? Big Star is the best. Honestly, I don't like country music, but somehow it just felt right.  The guys I was with tried hitting on the bartender by not believing that she knew what a vinyl record was (It was Record-Store Day, so the topic came up). But, then she points to the turntable at the back of the bar and proves them wrong.  HIlarious, friendly staff, and the tacos come out in seconds after ordering. I started with just one taco at 1am, but by 1:30 was craving another of the creamy cabbage on top of grilled fish that I smothered in the two salsas offered with each order.  I wasn't picky about drinks here, but they have some unique Big Star selections.The hipster douchebag pretention is thicker than any salsa I've ever had.  The food is actually delectable, and the service much friendlier than in comparable hipster hives.  I was tickled silly to see a huitlacoche and mushroom tostada on the menu, and quite pleased with how it tasted.I'll definitely be back, but maybe not before I get a requisite sleeve tattoo and ironic t-shirt.Probably my favorite restaurant in Chicago! Tacos are amazing, cheap awesome Mexican beers and shots. Never seen so many, and so elaborate, hipsters in my life. Love it! Waiter was exceptional, and made our dining experience more fun than it already was. Would come back in a heart beat, and would bring all my friends. Very popular place though - be prepared to wait. They also only take cash. I suggest putting your party on the list, then going somewhere else for pre-game drinks. It's possible, though, that I had beer goggles for this place because I pre-gamed it at Blue Line, then got drunk here off shots and $1 beers....Either way, highly recommend.Perhaps my view of Big Star is clouded by the Violet Hour-caused inebrieation, but I was really impressed with it. It was refreshing to enter and hear southern-influenced music and see cheap lights around as if I had entered a Texan oasis. Big Star has a great whiskey selection, as well as a few specialty cocktails. I had the tostada with fish on it, and the cocktail that consisted of whiskey and mexican coke. Both were delicious, and it was delightful to even see such things on a menu. I'd love to come back to Big Star for more whiskey and texmex.Mediocre.  I had built up Big Star for the last year, never having made the trek out last summer when they first opened (crowd adverse I am).  I took the first 80 degree day of May to enjoy my first Big Star taco, and honestly I'm kicking myself for that idiotic decision.I think the waitstaff assumed EVERYONE has been to Big Star and knows it's a 2 hour wait for a table (I did not)-- no one was particularly helpful w/ logistics, bar seating options, or any information for that matter.  I'm not adverse to finding someone to ask, I am adverse to standing in front of someone for 5 minutes w/ no acknowledgement.Big Star was just too trendy for this yelper.  I mean, what else is the draw when the tacos are that bad/overpriced?  This place must be trendy right?  Is that it?I don't get "it"...I'll admit it-- I tend not to be a fan of trendy, heavily hyped places. I try to avoid crowds, don't much care for long waits, and am all about good customer service. This said, Big Star? Not at all overhyped. Amazing, even. When you head in to Big Star-- even if the line isn't out the door-- be prepared to wait. Wait for a table, wait on the slow bartenders, and, sometimes, wait for the poor, overworked wait staff to notice you. But chill. Peruse the awesome whiskey and bourbon list (and, boy, do they mix them drinks strong!), figure out how much delicious Mexican food you can conceivably shove in your face, listen to some solid vinyl, and double-check to make sure you didn't drop all your cash at Flat Iron or Debonair, you hipster.Everything on the Kahan-compiled menu is good. Really, really good. The pork belly tacos get a ton of love-- as any bacony, delicious pork products should-- but I'm partial to their perfect al pastor. Deliciously barbecued 'n marinated lean chunks of pork interspersed with soft grilled pineapple and melt-in-your-mouth roasted onions. Topped with a little cilantro, this is my dream taco. And I'm usually a stickler for authentic Mexican tacos. Big Star also serves one of the finest California-style fish tacos in the city. Crispy-battered and topped with a chipotle sauce-- so good.If you still have room with all them tacos, order their citrusy guacamole and queso fundido. The latter is one of the better interpretations I've ever had, filled with ribbons of roasted poblanos and tons of spicy, greasy chorizo.Superb patio and a less-crowded alcohol-free carryout window. The server with the shaved head is phenomenal and a total sweetheart. Yeah, I'm a fan. Now, if only I could ever get into Violet Hour...Hipsters? Yes. Outdoor seating just like the old Pontiac? Yes. Same old crappy food? NO. A big resounding NO.Only had the braised lamb tacos but they were orangey and the meat seemed to have been stewing in a light mole sauce but I couldn't place it. Super good though and topped with radishes? Cute and added to the flavor as well. Small portions for $3 but the walk up window is good for when you take your dog to the park and then want a light snack...They also have the mexican style cokes which I absolutely adore! Bravo for reinventing a place that had been a real food eyesore for many years. I don't know about the service in the 'real' restaurant but if it was slow I would just walk over to the window and pick up a taco and keep it moving!I cannot believe this place is not 5 stars! The tacos are amazing and don't get me started on the margaritas! There is always a wait when I go, but I never mind because  you can always head to the bar get some drinks, and enjoy their chips and guacamole (which is out of this word!) Seriously hands down best guacamole I've had! The pork belly tacos are my favorite but they are always changing the menu which is nice because you can always try something new!Who would have thought that a $2 taco and $1 tap beer were possible in the heart of the stupidity that Wicker Park has become?  We showed up with a group of 7 at 8pm on a Friday and were seated at a cosy booth within 20 minutes.  This is a great place for a party of 4-8 because the booths are so flexible and you won't be stuck waiting for that one table that fits 8 to leave.The bourbon list is amazing, they make their margarita with smoky mezcal.  They have the longest rye list of just about anywhere in the city.  And they serve their bourbon/rye as a tall shot with a glass of water and a glass of ice on the side.The vegetarian options are limited though- just one taco, and even the queso fundito has sausage.  BUT that one taco is AMAZING, such a great mix of spice and creamy cheese.  Our whole group agreed that we'd be back.Any place that gives you chicken lollipops and has a seriously good salsa roja--here, more like an adobo--is worth a nod.But then, this is culinary futility with a capital F. Seriously, folks, you know that both Tierra Caliente and Las Asadas are within a four block range? This place has no reason to exist...unless you want to show off that flannel shirt of yours. I go gingham--take that Wicker Park~!Horrible decor.Yet everything is delish!Cheap, so I'm in love.I spent my formative years in Texas, a veritable hotbed of some of the best food I've ever eaten. I've been in Chicago for 22 years now and I'm still in search of Mexican food like I found on a regular basis down South. I thought my search would be over after eating at Big Star, based on rave reviews from friends. I was wrong. First off, the service is horrible. Our server was so disaffected she might actually have been nodding off from recently shooting up. (I rarely leave less than a 20% tip, just because I know what it's like to wait tables for a living, but here it was a solid 15%.) I felt like it was an imposition for us to be served, and the other staff we encountered tended to be a mixed bag (ranging from stoner-spacey to fabulous). As for the food: remember that Barbra Mandrell song -- "I was country when country wasn't cool" -- that was out in the early 80s? Yeah. Well, I feel similarly about all these hipster eateries. Besides really missing the live-band karaoke at the Pontiac, Big Star seems to be part of this trend of pseudo-foodies who like to bring their brand of pretension to the masses. The tacos I had were okay, but the chips were half-fresh, half-chewy/stale. The "gourmet" salsas were reasonably tasty but lacked any sort of bite. If the flavored had been used with a little more heat, I might have liked them better. And the limeade was almost disgustingly sugar-laden and NOT Mexican-style in the least (see Garcia's in Lincoln Square for a good approximation of Mexican limeade). My dad still lives in Texas, where he bottles his own salsas and enjoys a healthy relationship with local Mexican restaurants. He's coming up here to visit soon, and I'd thought about taking him here but after eating the food myself I'd be embarrassed to do so. Nutshell: good if you like hipster ideas of what constitutes quality food (which, I admit, many people do); bad if you grew up eating genuine Mexican food and are looking for something of the nostalgic sort.Came here on the most lovely of early Chicago summer days (72 degrees, no humidity, sun shining) with NO hangover, even tho it was the day after Pride Festivities!!!My BFF'y and her BF, in town from Cali, were down for a nice little lunch somewhere outside on a loverly Monday afternoon.  We decided on Big Star since I've been wanting to go forever but get intimidated by the overwhelming crowd that always swarms this joint.We had the chips and guac (delicioso) and the ever popular queso fundido (ahhhmaze.), and the 3 of us shared a Sonoran dog and some tacos.  The Sonoran is humongo and yummy...definitely NOT part of your average healthy lifestyle.My tacos were good, we didn't try anything special just the standards.  My fave was the Pastor, but the chicken was great too.I would love to come back when one of the specials is on the menu, they always look so delicious!Great food again! Consistently my favorite 4 star taco place. These hipsters are okay. If you want good service, go elsewhere.big fan of great prices, service and food. however...new menu has dropped our 2nd favorite entre (after pork belly tacos, of course) the chips and bean dip....oh no!Here is what I heart about the Big Star.  Vinyl Records set the atmosphere with Old Country.  The food is super affordable and the flavors are put together in such a way that you can taste each ingredient.  Guaca-HOLY-Mole.  I really wish i loved whiskey, because the atmosphere made me want to have a fine sipping bourbon in front of me.  I began this review with every intention of giving it 4 or 5 Big Stars, but the bartender was eeh and I am not convinced the layout was designed with customer comfort and traffic flow in mind. Oh and pet peeve.........cash only.   If those things do not bother you, then you will LOOOVE IT.Ok this place gets 4 stars only because their Pork Belly Tacos are that good. I will however say that chances are the next time I go there, I'll probably go to the carry-out cafeteria window. If I had to rate the clientele, I would give this place a 1. If I had to rate my bartender/server, I'd give him a 5.First of all, I'm not a big fan of fighting for my seat. They only seat parties of 4 or more at the booths. My thing is...I'm a big spender, I bet you my party of 2 ordered more than your party of 4.Second, the crowd in there sucks. We had some jerk-face swap our bar stool after the bartender waved us over to a seat. The man, I mean asshole, was unwilling to give up the stool "because his buddy was on his way." How chivalrous, you dickwad. Anyways, I could tell he wasn't a real Chicagoan. He was probably some transplant from Ohio or Michigan. I will say, however, that our bartender/server was super nice and apologize for how rude this customer was and looked for another seat right away for us.  Once you finally get a seat the service is rather fast. The food is almost instantly served, which is good because after waiting for 45 mins for a seat, people get antsy and irritated. Hungry people are mean, don't forget that!The drinks here are super good and I wouldn't expect anything less from this restaurant group. These drinks are not for amateurs that's for sure. So bring your foodie/drinkie (?) palate and savor the flavors. But watch out for that Jerk, he thinks he owns that place so I'm sure he'll be back to steal your chairs and remind you what is wrong with people in America these days. If he were in NYC, he would have been "snuffed." 'nuf said.I'm a fan of this place for sure. Whiskey+tacos=awesome. The only caveat is that I wish the tortillas used in the tacos were maybe a half inch bigger around, to capture the meat better... though it might overwhelm the texture and seasoning so I defer to the expertise of the chef. One of the more amazing things, and so simple in retrospect is the use of pineapple in the al pastor. It just explodes with taste as a result! It should be criminal to offer al pastor without the option of pineapple or possibly mango. Just tiny amounts, dry and chopped... but still. The Lamb shoulder is something amazing, it melts and the au jus is superb. I wish they offered a plate of this with rice and beans. Ah the bar. Best Old Fashioned I've had outside of Louisville. The proportions are all spot-on. I can't remember the other bourbon cocktails i've had here, but they were damn good too. This place wins for me, I just have to remember to order 4 tacos, not 3 next time.I went there during the day and it was still packed but the service was good.  I'm sure it is crazy like Kumas in the evenings or during peak weekend hours but that is to be expected.The booze selection is impressive.  I started with a Tecate Michelada  followed with chips n guac which was huge!  The people I was sitting next to recommended a Los Tres Reyes which is a shot of tequila, a shot of blood mary mix followed by a Tecate.  Great recommendation.I ordered two resonably priced tacos, the Borrenga ( lamb ) taco and the infamous Panza ( pork pelly ) tacos and the sizes were not too far off from any other taqueria in the city except these were made with great meat.  I'd argue the other places you go to may be cheaper but the quality would not be as good.  I'm a fan of Pasadita, Arturos etc but I'm willing to pay the extra dollar for quality meat.After reading all of the other reviews I was expecting to pay a "gringo" tax on this.  I was wrong.  For the ones who complain about the portion sizes you are mistaken.  If you have an appetite like a slightly obese American then you need to go to Taco Bell if you want bang for your buck.  I found the portions to be just fine.  Overall, amiss the hype from my friends, it exceeded my expectations.  Good middle of the road mexican fare but more importantly a place to have a well made drink and bar food.  If you want a restaurant then go to a restaurant.  This is all about hanging out, drinking and having a nibble.  I'm definitely going back.Went there two Sunday nights ago with my hubby. I will keep this short because I was so disappointed with the food.Pros: $1 7 oz. Schlitz, which I would almost drive back to Big Star for. ALMOST! Very attentive bartender; our orders were placed and delivered in minutes although she was very busy.Cool, albeit a little loud and diverse crowd. The place was packed with people: the bar, the tables around the bar and the patio seemed to be full of pleased patrons. Cons: Tacos Al Pastor and Tacos De BorregoFirst of all, that was not cilantro on our tacos al pastor, I'm almost 100% convinced that it was parsley and it was not that tasty. Although the tacos were cute, lol.I had one taco de borrego and it was dis-gus-ting!! All the way. It was just way too lamby for my tastebuds and not appetizing to me at all.I almost feel bad that I did not enjoy the food and feel as if I should go back to see what I missed.Needless to say, Big Star, you were not shining for me that night :-(.I was introduced to this place by my Mexican co-worker.  Although it's not authentic in a purist sense, this guy knew good tacos when he tasted one.The place is a little overwhelming at first.  You're thinking good tacos I'll try it, and you walk up and they got a friggin doorman and a clipboard like it's some swanky lounge.  But it's not.  It's a taco place with a bar.You'll probably have to wait to get seated.  My wait on thurs night at 10pm was about 1 hour.  No problem I'll wait at a bar.  But not Big Star's bar.  It's infested with a gaggle of hipsters.  Good thing there's plenty of dive bars to park ourselves within 1-block radius.  Luckily the VIP host/club promoter/taco joint clipboard guy asks for your cell phone number and will give you a call once your table is ready.  Hooray for technology.Fast forward 1.5 hours.  Seated, served food and drink.  Pork Belly tacos and Fish tacos.  It's good.  They get 5 stars on just the tacos alone.  Even my Mexican gf who is rather snobbish towards non-authentic mexican food gave it her seal of approval.As for drinks, I really liked their Old-Fashioned.  I asked for it with rye instead of bourbon because I like the spice kick instead of the sweetness.Overrated is the best word to describe Big Star.It's too crowded and be prepared to wait probably 30 minutes just to get inside. Once you're inside prepare to wait another 2+ hours for a table. Just to go the bar and be quick when people leave. Their food is whatever but their drinks are never disappointing. Highly recommend the big star & classic margarita. And for the best $7 buzz get the los tres reyes (shot of tequila, shot of sangrita, and a can of beer).Want good tacos? I would recommend going to your local Mexican restaurant for cheaper and tastier tacos. But if you're stuck at Big Star... get their fish tacos. They have the best flavor and very tender.taco al pastor - the grilled pineapples are too sweet and kills the taste of the tacotaco de panza - if you like your tacos to have the texture of beer jerky then this is the perfect taco for youThe guacamole is good but its expensive for the amount you get. Plus it doesn't take a genius to make good guac.Recommend figuring out what you want before you get inside. Once you're inside, it take a while for the waitress to get to you and for your food to come out.CASH ONLYReally?  I don't get the big deal about this place.Came here on the way home from a day/night of drinking because I had just heard RAVE reviews about the food esp. the guacamole.The prices are outrageous for the amount of food you get.  It's like $3 per taco and $4 per tostada but they are the tiniest tacos and tostadas I've ever had.  Also, they only serve you one tostada shell (to-go) so by the time you get home it's all soggy.  The chips and guac are more reasonably priced, but at $5 it's still on the steeper side. The salsa verde is too tangy and not spicy enough for my liking.The salsa roja has a strong chipotle flavor but lacking any spice so the smoky flavor ends up being overbearing.  IMOThe food tasted great, but not worth dishing out $18 for two tacos, two tostadas, chips and guac + $2 tip.Will not return.Food was SOOOO delicious.  Went with a friend on Sunday night of Memorial Day weekend.  We split the Guac and Chips (very limey) at the bar which were fresh and delicious.  My friend's Michelada was so tasty I wish I had ordered one for myself.  The beer selection was great.  For dinner, we ordered all of the tacos... Pastor and Pork Belly were my favs.  I did NOT like the cinnamony Lamb (too weird for Mexican).The food alone was 5 stars but I just CANNOT deal with the terrible ATTITUDE of servers and especially the douchebag bouncers towards Big Star's patrons.  We waited 1.5 hours for an outdoor table.  At around the 1 hour mark, I walked back outside to check in with the bouncers and make sure I had not missed their call.  "Yeah, we'll call you when WE'RE ready" was his reply.  I seriously wanted to punch this aviator-wearing quasi-hipster in the face.  I have never been treated so badly while waiting over an hour for damn tacos, no matter how good they taste.If the servers don't think I'm cool enough to eat at Big Star (in MY neighborhood) then maybe they should go back to serving mediocre bar food a la Pontiac Cafe.Cadillac margarita = a margarita that is finished with a orange liquor, usually grand marnier.  i don't even know why i went back after my first experience, but for some reason i ended up there last weekend.  the fact that these guys are just posers was further validated when not one, but TWO bartenders didn't know what a cadillac margarita was.  the owners should invest in a mexican immersion trip for these idiots.  good god.Ohhhh so hipster.  While at Big Star I played a game called "how many flannel shirts do you see?"  Toooo many to count.That aside, the tacos are cheap and so delicious, the beer selection is great, and it is a great place to hang out with a group of your friends (if you are lucky enough to get a table).And Big Star, thanks to your $3 shot of Old Heaven Hill (and special Goose Island Deguello - who knew that double fisting these two would yield such a tasty combination), you've officially made me a fan of whiskey.  Congratulations...I think you may have unleashed a monster.Living in the area I've been to Big Star a bunch of times. I've always liked it because they have cheap beer, seriously $2 for a can of beer in the Chicago, that's a pretty gooood deal. And it wasn't even PBR!  I was out in Wrigley and had to pay $5.50 for a bud light, I thought I was going to have a heart attack. So, anyways love that they have cheap beer!  Secondly, we asked for some lemon drop shot, it was unbelievable. So yummy!  My friend got this cocktail, forgot the name but it was also amazing. Vodka, ginger beer and something else. Yummers. I've only eaten their food once, at 2 am, so to me it was delicious! Maybe it was the cheap beer, who knows, who cares but I enjoyed my tacos. There is always in mix of people at big star, which I like nothing wrong with a diverse crowd. It's always packed so if you want a table or a seat at the bar, come early.One margarita, two margarita, three margarita, floor. I've been meaning to check this place out for a while. Finally it happened and I was not disappointed! As a rule for most good places in this city expect a little wait. I went for drinks with a group of friends and I must say the bar is a reason to come alone. I had margarita(s) but tried this drink called "The Gold Rush" which was whiskey lime and honey syrup YUMMM. They carry an extensive variety of whiskey and tequila for all you liquor connoisseurs! I didn't eat but everything on the menu sounded and looked amazing. The service was great and very hospitable, I never felt rushed to leave. If anything I was worried If we didn't leave soon we may never make it home! Keep an eye out for their daily whiskey specials. There is a different whiskey shot special for every day of the week. I will be back soon and I will NOT underestimate their drinks! (We all left with whiskey grins) Good time.i mean, honestly, a 2 hour wait for 2 on a weekday?we put our names in, walked around the neighborhood, watched dogs play in wicker park, checked up on where we were on the list, ate somewhere else, paid our bill, then FINALLY got the phone call.  big star?  ONE BIG STAR.  that's all you get.The first time i ever walked past Big Star, i stopped dead in my tracks. I was mesmerized by the controlled chaos that was unfolding right in front me. This place was packed with customers, and i wanted to know what the hype was all about. (I *was* in wicker park, so maybe they were giving out free pairs of TOMS? fixies? tats? well whatever they were doing it was working very well)After hearing mostly good things about the food, i decided to venture out to Big Star for lunch today with the expectation that it would be my new fav lunch spot.  My boyfriend and I got here around 2, and despite it being the supposed "slower" part of the day, it was bump-a-lumpin'. We were greeted by a friendly host and managed to snag a table outside. We had a chance to sit in the bar, but we decided that the chance of us turning into sweat buckets were fairly slim, plus it was our chance to be outdoors-y? her..her..The drink menu was extensive and filled with craft beers. The prices were super reasonable, and most of the drinks were $5. I ordered a Lagunitas "A Lil' Sumpin' Sumpin' Ale" for $5, and i was pleased because most bars in the city will charge you over $7 for a beer like that. We each ordered 3 of the same tacos:1. Taco Al Pastor: marinated pork shoulder with pineapple, grilled onion, cilantro. This taco was very savory and the pineapple added subtle hints of sweetness. I thought it could have used some lettuce and more veggies for texture and cooling elements, but i'm no head chef, and i did enjoy what i was eating. 2. Taco De Panza: braised pork belly, tomato, queso fresco, onion, and cilantro. Probably my least favorite of the three. I thought the crumbled queso fresco was kinda "meh", it added more to the texture than taste. 3. Taco De Pescado: MUH FAVORITE! I wish i ordered more of these because it was soo delicious. Beer battered crispy tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro,  and a lime on the side. This was the most composed in terms of taste and texture, and the chipotle mayo tied everything together to make this one hell of a flavorful taco. The fish was not greasy, but firm and crisp. It got better the more I ate it. The food was good, but i wished it had more in terms of variety. there were a total of 4 tacos and no side dishes of beans or rice. The service was all right, and I'm a sucker for service. Our waitress was a bit blasé and didn't check up on us to see how everything was. I understand that it can get busy, but a "hey, everything good here?" would have been more than enough. I realize that this place is not what i was looking for, which was a full on restaurant. I would go here again for the fish tacos, but i do think this place is a bit overrated. Good  for people watching, drinks, and it's right off the damen blue line. ALSO! cash only!!Let me start by saying that I love Big Star. I go here at least once or twice a month. It's my go-to in the neighborhood, and I have had some great times here. Food is fast and awesome, drinks are good. Come early and sit on the patio and get hammered. So obviously any complaints I have are next to meaningless. BUT.......but the service -- especially/mostly at the bar -- SUCKS. I've come to understand this is par for the course with this place, and my friends and I have running jokes about how unfriendly the bartenders are. But it's starting to get to the point where not only is the bar unfriendly but downright rude.I'm service industry, I get it. We all have our days. I'm sure it's frustrating to go to work at a place that is constantly busy; you can't hope for a slow day when you're feeling sluggish. But that's your JOB. You know what to expect. And as frustrating as it might be it's BIG STAR. You probably walk with more money in one night than I do in a week. So suck it the f*ck up and crack a goddamn smile.Or actually, don't. I don't care if my bartender is super googy-goo friendly and shit. Big Star wants to be edgy and I understand that. I don't need friendly, but don't act like I'm an inconvenience to you. Because I'm not, I and my fellow patrons are the reason you have a job. Anyway, my point is, Big Star has great food, and most of the servers are good. In fact I have a few I remember specifically because they are awesome. Generally servers are around minimally to take your orders, check up on you, and close you out, with a large backup staff of runners and bussers, so don't expect an intimate, walked-through experience. This is turn and burn, folks, but there's nothing wrong with that.Unless you are a masochist and like being treated like an inconvenience by people hired because they look edgy and cool rather than for their good customer service skills, skip the bar and sit at a table, you'll have a much better experience.I have to say, I was definitely feelin' the hype on this place. There is no doubt in my mind that I will frequent that walk-up window once it starts getting nice out. I love how the place looks inside now; what used to be a cluttered mess is now an open and comfortable place. The dim lighting gives Big Star a homey feel and it just smells amazing. All of the employees were friendly and seemed genuinely nice. The music was being played from a turntable behind the bar. It was so lovely.We started with some chips and hot sauce. The chips were a little salty for my taste, but that is a variable factor based on who's making them, I'm sure. The sauces were outstanding. I particularly liked the smokey red one. We then had some Queso Fundido. Melted chihuahua cheese over roasted poblano peppers. Need I say more? I ordered a chicken tostada and a pork belly taco. Both of the meats were seasoned to perfection and practically melted in my mouth. One of my friends had the tacos al pastor - which he loved. I would have snatched a taste, but I feared he would bite my fingertips off!I really want to give it five stars, but I can't for a couple reasons. I rarely have cash on me, so places that are cash-only stress me out. Secondly, the Queso Fundido only came with four tiny tortillas. We asked for more and they gladly brought three to us (there were four of us... okay...) Really, these are not huge issues and I will definitely continue to come here.Had lunch here on a hot Memorial Day Sunday.  Crowded as expected seeing as it is a major hipster hang out.  The food was good, queso fundido (melted cheese w/ chorizo & peppers) was fantastic as were all the tacos.  The inside decor is trendy & pretty barren, lots of natural light and the front of the restaurant is open to the world.  The patio does lack any shade, so be prepared to be fried by the sun.  Some reviews talk about bad service, I was sitting at the bar and had no problem getting what I wanted quickly & without hassle.Overall a pretty cool place for some good food, cheap beer, & whiskey specials, but if you come here with a big group, be prepared to wait.I eat pork belly tacos here at least once a week. Hence 5 stars. Not a fan of their guac or pork shoulder, but it doesn't matter bc all you need are pork belly tacos. I like to come here for lunch during the wk bc it gets insane at night, but I've had plenty cocktails here after work or on a weekend and it's always good people watching.What I've learned at Big Star:-A $7 cocktail in Chicago is soooooooo refreshing.-Pork Belly tacos, ain't nothing wrong with that.-I haven't had tortillas that fresh since Texas.-Hot damn it was dark in there, and cold, but they seem to have worked this out.-I am now loving the music.I'll be back after I dig my cowboy boots and western shirt out of the closet, and then I'm taking over the turntable.It's hard to describe what Big Star is.  It isn't really a restaurant, but is much more than a bar.  The food is good, but not that filling as a friend and I ordered the entire menu plus four tacos and drinks.  Let's leave it at upscale drunk food / bar snacks. If you can get a seat, Big Star is a great place to hang out if you're drunk, or to go to if you're not quite there yet.  Wouldn't call it a dining destination.Chipotle with a liquor license.And the music made me want to stab my eye out with the lemon zester at the bar.I have never been a fan of tacos due to places like taco bells and poor food qualities non-authentic restaurants. I love food and willing to travel for them. Always looking for the next best meal to satisfy my love for good food. One night, my boyfriend and I got the munchies and decided to go try something new. Thanks to some help from foursquare, we found Big Star. We pass by this place a couple of time, but only thought it was a bar. We came there around 12am, they asked for our ID, so I'm guessing you have to be 21 to be in the bar that late. If you're underage, you kinda out of luck but they do have a walk-up window to order out. Their menu selection is very limited, only have a about 10+ items. But since this is mainly a bar, they have a wide ranch of wine, beer, and other liquors like whiskey for a very reasonable price.Since it was our first time there and they didn't have that much to choose from, we just order all five of the tacos on the menu because they were all around $3-$4!!!. We wanted to try and see which one we would like better to know for future reference. We shared them all, and to our surprise they were delicious. We even order seconds! One on my favorite was the fish tacos, light and crunchy. My boyfriend love meat, and they had plenty of that for him. Each tacos was filled for a good amount of meat with their special toppings. His favorite is the crispy pork belly.Another good dish on the menu is the tostada de pollo, shredded chicken on crispy tostada, YUMMY!!!I would recommend this place to all my friends and clients. Affordable and friendly environment. Good for a couple night out, or have some drinks for a friend(s).Thank god I don't live close by here any more! Otherwise I would spend way too much time at Big Star.The tacos and salsa are to die for...the margaritas are pretty damn good, not quite great, but tasty none the less. This place is hopping non stop and has an awesome bar and cool atmosphere. The front room could use an ambiance upgrade but ultimately it is pretty damn hip.Mi gusta!It would be a tough challenge to find another bar/restaurant in this neighborhood that offers a better price/quality ratio. Got there right at 4 p.m. on Saturday afternoon, literally one minute after they opened, and within a half hour the place was full. As other people have mentioned, there's not a ton of seating, which is unfortunate for people going there to eat as well as drink  - the food wouldn't really be easy to eat standing up, so if that's what you're going for, I'd recommend getting there as close to opening time as you can, or there will likely be long waits for a table. But onto the food. It was amazing - I had the fish taco, which was by far the highlight, huge (for the $3 pricetag) piece of perfectly cooked fish topped with slaw and avocado, this is a must-try. I also had the taco with pork shoulder and pineapple, which was also ridiculously tasty, great melding fo the pork and the slightly sweet roasted (?) pineapple, and again a huge portion for $2. The guacamole "made to order" was very good and served with a heaping portion of chips, but it didn't awe me as much as the rest of the meal. Definitely do not leave without trying the three salsas -- they are already at the table, and all you have to do is order chips to go with them (though if you order the guac, it comes with more than enough chips to serve for salsa as well) - there is a red salsa, a salsa verde, and a very spicy, but deliciously complex salsa. The drink list looked great, I had one with bourbon and ginger beer. They're reasonably priced at $7/cocktail, which considering the quality of bourbon and other ingredients going into it is a good deal, if not quite a "steal."Highly recommended, especially if you can manage to avoid the crowds. p.s. the hours listed on this site aren't correct -- they don't open till 4 on Saturdays (as I found out today)...The food here is pretty darn good - I had the fish tostada and queso bowl.  I loved it.  But the staff is 100% the worst I've dealt with.  We were walking around the bar looking for a table and stumbled upon some friends by accident so we joined them and had dinner in one of their huge booths.  Our 6 other friends decided to leave but we decided to stay and finish our drinks.  Immediately an incompetent staff member came over and harrassed us on why we were sitting there.  We explained that our friends had left and we were closing our tab.  He said ok and then scurried away.  We then checked into what the wait was for a table outside for 2 - since we were wanting to enjoy the nice outdoor weather.  The same incompetent staff member proceeded to say that our "story" of why we moved from inside to outside didn't make sense and we weren't answering his questions properly.  WHAT!?  We then just decided to stand outside and try to find a place to finish our drink.  ANOTHER staff member told us to move.  Move where? we said.  Somewhere inside, he responded.  Um...ok.  I officially hate this place.  But they get 2 stars for the delicious food.  And an F for service.Real quick, the food is rad. The Pork Belly taco is great, tostadas are awesome. Eat the food. Priced right, fresh ingredients, nice and filling. Now for the real reason I'm here: bourbon. They have a pages-long bourbon list separated similarly to a wine-list, by distillery. Buffalo Trace alone has a page and a half dedicated. They're all great, I had the Nine Year Single Barrel Buffalo Trace, it finished with nice oak, and a touch of vanilla and honey. DRINK IT. Or try a different one. Up to you. Their beer list is pretty decent, lots of well done domestics in bottles and on tap. Again, all are priced right. Most around $5, unless you want a 22oz, which will run you a bit more.OK that's the good, now for the not great. It's cash only, which I understand, but it's still a bit of a hassle. DO bring tons of cash in case you end up drinking a crap-load of cheap beer. Also there is a hefty, hefty wait if you go at prime hours. So do this: go at 3 in the afternoon for a late lunch. Or 4 for an early dinner. If you don't want to wait, don't go at 7 on a Saturday. And don't complain about the wait if you do. Lastly, There is an overwhelmingly hipster vibe here. Skinny jeans, ironic t-shirts and ennui abound. But it's all worth it. Go. Bring Cash. Eat tacos and drink beer for cheap. And expect a friggin' wait.Tacos... decent.Wait time...RIDICULOUSWaitstaff... besides the bartender dancing while mixing, host was a complete ass and had no idea he is actually a host at a restaurant, not the ruler of the world.Hipsters...everywhereBig Star, as in, the only big star is the manager and everyone else is treated like crap.  One of many totally inept persons on a waitstaff too unqualified and too arrogant to work at Ed Debevic's or Taco Bell.As a party of four I wasn't surprised we were asked to wait 20 to thirty minutes to be sat at dinner time at this 'trendy' Wicker Park locale.  What I didn't expect was that the food runner would bump into me three or for times(enough for me to spill my drink ) and never say "excuse me" or "I'm sorry", enough times that by run-in 4 I decided to just lean right into him- and then he just used his elbow to push me out of the way.When two tables opened up 1 & 1/2 hours after we initially arrived I asked the host if we could sit furthest from the door to avoid the draft, at which point I was berated by the host for asking such an "assisinignWith all the dining options in Chicago, the fact that I went to Big Star twice in one week says something! Again, didn't appreciate the 1.5 hr wait but this time we went window shopping on Damen Ave. to kill time while we waited.  I would like to comment that the service was once again impeccable and we didn't experience any rudeness. I couldn't resist ordering anything but the fish tacos ( they are THAT delicious).  Looks like the other items will have to wait until I go back...probably sometime soon!Went to Big Star last night (a saturday evening). Got there around 7:45ish with a party of 5. Was greeted at the door by a stylish man with great hair and glasses - gave him my name. Was told they don't quote how long it'll take to get a table, but the list ahead of us didn't seem out of control and it was a nice night so went ahead and waited for a booth to open up. It was pretty crowded inside but we still managed to grab some wall space and order a round of drinks by sending our tallest friend to the bar as to not be ignored. The crowd while we were waiting was pretty mellow. A funny mix of local hipsters and dare i say "bridge and tunnel" folks dressed up a bit too fancy for a night of tacos. But even my super cynical scared-of-yuppies boyfriend couldn't complain about the crowd really. We had to wait about 45 to an hour for a booth to open up (can't remember, but still not an awful wait - i think some people before us got antsy and left) - and the nice man with nice hair (who i think writes down little descriptions of the people in your party because there is no way to shout names over the din of the crowd and the funny country music) came over and showed us our booth. It was a cozy with 5 people in a booth but could have squeezed one more.We ordered a fair amount of food - a few rounds of tacos, chips and guacamole and a few more drinks. I had two pork belly tacos and a fish tostada. The pork belly was out of control. I sort of wanted the waitress to just bring me whatever bucket they had of it waiting in the kitchen. The tacos are a little small... but premium fillings in a freshly made tortilla for $2-4 a piece is a pretty nice deal. The fish tostada was tasty as well - a good char on the fish - and a nice contrast of cabbage/radish/crema on top - but would have preferred it to be a taco because the tortillas are pretty great. Drank a "La Paloma" cocktail (which was refreshingly on $7!) that was super tasty.  Some members of our party had the goat tacos - and said they were also way tasty. I'm not that adventurous. Our waitress was quick and friendly enough. The food came out really fast. And though the crowd grew and shrunk and grew again throughout our meal, we weren't rushed out of our booth - which was a pleasant surprise - being that we had a few parties staring at us from the bar. Perhaps they were staring at our mounds of food, but whatevs. All in all - the bill came to $73 for dinner and drinks for 5 people! YAY! We were all so full and happy when that bill came and it wasn't a zillion dollars. Just a bit scared now that this place is super close to home - and it looks like there may be some sort of walk-up window in the works... glad i don't take the damen el - i'd have a pork belly taco every day!-the music could be turned down 15 notches if not more...very irritating. (and I am in a heavy metal rock band!)-all of the wait staff should stop for 2 seconds and consider that the customers they are talking to are paying them to be nice. (and I waited tables and bar-tended for almost a decade (and made a s*** ton of $ being nice to my customers.  Just a thought))-the food is over priced and kind of bland....and there is NOTHING to eat here for vegans, and slim pickings for those who abstain from pork. (highly unusual for a Mexican joint)-the drinks and location are okay but not okay enough for me to come back. boo blah upside down frownie faceI hope the owners are reading this reply..I went in to Big Star today for lunch with a 25 year restaurant veteran with the McDonalds corporation and a Sommolier, all three of us are restauranteurs, we heard alot of buzz about Big Star so we wanted to see what the hype was about. we went in around 12:00. My initial reaction seeing the place was I loved the concept and the minimalist design brilliant from a business standpoint. Teh attractive hostess greeted us at the door with a friendly smile. The music was very honky tonk which I didn't like but it went with the whole theme so I get it.The server was attentive to our every need, but they all looked like they came out of an episode of LA INK...The "euro bus boy/bouncer" was hovering over the table uncomfortably  waiting for any shred of paper and staring it was a very uncomfortably annoying.The food was conceptually well but all of the meat was dry and overcooked. Strictly from a food standpoint I was not impressed at all. More attention needs to be made to the detail of the food no doubt.I loved the tortillas, the guacemole, and the salsa verde was good. Out of the two that was the best. I can see for individuals who are looking for a great place to drink, and the food as an after thought this is a solid place, but I expected the food to deliver and it fell short.I hear you are slammed at night and I know they will make it with the concept, but somebody fell asleep at the wheel with the food.Bring cash, good friends an a big appetite for Mexican. This place is the perfect mix of outstandingly constant food and cool kid ambience. This place is always a good idea. Just go.All I know is that they are open late and serve huge huitlacoche tacos for people riding the struggle bus!It is a little pricey, even for NYC prices.My favorite taco place in Chicago!Love: Tacos can be ordered individually for maximum variety (al pastor is the best one!!)  VERY FRESH! $2 beers. Great vegetarian optionsMEH: cash only, super super crowded (especially in the summer), cold in the winter, hit or miss staff.  Come here - it's amazing!Not sure what all the hype is about.  My food was ok but I think any taco joint in Pilsen would be cheaper and better.  I tried shrimp, chicken, and steak, but didn't love any of them.LOVE this classic Wicker Park outdoor/indoor joint. The vibe is great and the food is terrific.... every taco is uniquely delectable. However, don't plan on this being a quick bite... no reservations and the wait is almost always an hour! It's ultimately worth the food and margaritas, though... but you buy more since you're so famished! Visited November 2012awesome place to hang out in the summer. great tacos, margaritas are fantastic, although a little sweet--i wish they had more natural ingredients--sometimes they come off as being made from a mix. they have a whiskey of the day, which is fun! i love when the patio is open and i can sit outside and soak in the sun.Oh, I was excited.  Cheap tacos?  Cool area?  $3 cans of Tecate?  Yay!I went last Sunday, and was supremely disappointed.  The awkward lingering that is required to nab a seat at the bar if you are there as a pair along with the SMALLEST tacos ever created were so unimpressive.  I have eaten many-a-taco in the US and in like 15 cities in Mexico, and I have never seen such a small taco.  Yeah, they are $3, but that is not a good deal if you can easily down it in three medium sized bites!  The salsas were out of the squeeze-bottle, and my bf and I didn't enjoy any of them.  I craved a big bowl of chunky tomato/onion/cilantro salsa to go with the chips we ordered.  I wanted to get out of there ASAP.  I had to check it out, but I definitely won't be back.Ok!  I'm not a regular visitor to this uber-trendy part of town, but had to stop by it check out because a colleague praised it highly.  Big Star scored brownie points with me immediately for being in an old gas-station.  It scored even more points for having someone extremely friendly and customer service oriented at the door, checking IDs.  My partner and I sat at the bar; we'd arrived for an early dinner and the place was already crowded.  We did need to wait for a server, but the wait wasn't unreasonable given the crowd.  We got our beers quickly, and the food promptly afterwards.  The wait for a check took a bit too long, but I was able to flag down a server (not ours, but friendly & accurate all the same) to get our check.  By that time, my partner and I had attracted seat-stalkers, and as soon as we stood, they swooped in and got the empty seats.  For such a busy place, I'm sure they could afford to hire more staff & get the crowd turned over more quickly!The Beer:I had an Anchor Steam - a great treat since I've been interested in trying San Fran's famed local beer.  It's a departure from the "going local" craze, but a good one.  The Food:The chips and guacamole were fantastic.  DELICIOUS.  I'd go back just for those & beer.  The tortas were fresh & good; not out of this world great, but definitely good & worth checking out.  The Atmosphere:It's hipsterville - but you knew that already.Why 3 stars instead of 4:It's cash only!  You give up your ID, not a credit/debit card, to run a tab at the bar.While Jed and I were running around before leaving for the World Cup, we stopped into Big Star to have a drink and snack, and finally cross it off my list. I'm glad we went, the food is good and the drinks are fantastic. Like most people have already noted, I'd go to Big Star for the drinks/atmosphere first with the added bonus of tasty food. The prices for individual servings are reasonable ($2-3 per taco), most people I know need a few of those to feel satisfied. The bill can quickly go from cheap night out to standard Chicago bar and food establishment. Not that I felt there was poor value, just a slightly contrary opinion to what's out there.As for what we actually ate, my small snack included the Tacos De Borrego (marinated, braised lamb shoulder with radish, roasted scallions and queso fresco), and an order of guacamole.I really liked the guac, lots of avo chunks and nice spices. The taco was tasty and a little messy. The radish is a nice touch that I wouldn't think to add to a taco. I was dissapointed with the "salsa" or sauce, as well as the hot sauce provided. Neither of the sauce options had any flavor or spice, so you're stuck with what you get. It should not be too hard to find some good and spicy red sauce to make available to customers.I forget what I ordered to drink, but I do remember my first choice of Buffalo Trace Bourbon and Root-beer was not available. All the drinks are delicious and reasonably priced.I'm glad to finally make it to this buzz worthy spot, and I recommend checking it out for the honky-tonk atmosphere and laid back scene. They serve great drinks with tasty food. FYI, cash only so leave the plastic at home.Having just moved from Seattle, I was pretty skeptical that there were any hipsters in Chicago. Oh wait, I found them--Big Star.But let's not kid ourselves--though my after-work crowd and I definitely didn't jive with the vibe of most of the patrons, it didn't bother me in the least. Hipsters amuse me in the "why are you too cool for life" type of way. Now that's out of the way, let's focus on what rocks about Big Star--the drinks and the food. I vote moreso for the drinks than the food. I mean, the tacos were 3-star good (I had pastor & panza), but the drinks are really what bumps this joint up. Two words: Bakersfield Buck. Whiskey and ginger beer. Pure heaven. Strong as hell and reasonably priced at $7 a pop. Two of those puppies and you are good to go for the evening. Everyone else in my group was equally pleased with their drinks. I found the waitstaff to be quite helpful. Our waitress was great at recommending drinks based on people's interest, and very responsive when we needed anything. Food came out almost instantly.In terms of the crowd, we arrived about 5:30 on a Tuesday night, and there were several big booths open. It became a bit crowded later, but nothing atrocious. I think the key is hitting it on the weeknights and hitting it early.As an update to my previous review, some friendly advice for Big Star...- it's very cold out during Chicago winters...for those of us standing at your windows, please, please get our orders correctly.  One of my favorite food items is guacamole...to my dismay..after waiting in the cold and basically running indoors to eat, it was missing!- maximum window order quantities at the window: 20.  Since table seating inside (and outside in the summer) is typically full, please let us order more at the window!  What if there's a big group?- minimum order quantity by phone: 30.  How can a few people get takeout with these kinds of conditions?Loved the patio.  Schlitz on tap!  Mmm.. Guacamole!  Mmm.. Fish tacos.Great place to catch up with friends on a sunny day!Decent sized place with passable decor.I loved their unique taco options, but not all of them were a hit.Hate to say, but their guacamole sucked.Props to them for their unique serving glasses for spirits.Huge fan of Big Star!Highlights of the Resturant: huge fun outdoor patio, plays AWESOME music, all around good atmosphere--has LA vibes, inexpensive-- only 13 dollars for a LOT of food! Favorites of Food:  chicken tacos, fish tacos, guacamole, mushroom tostata, pickled veggies (spicy!!!!)I will say that I think the fish tacos are a bit over-hyped up. The chicken taco was my favorite. We also tried the Salad and Potato taco and they were good, but not the best thing we ordered. Few Complaints that knocked it from a 5 star:1. Service was bad. We were told it wouldn't be a long wait at all. We assumed 20 max. We were told there was a table available inside and we said we would take it. Didn't end up sitting down outside (they accidentally gave away the table we said we would have taken)- after waiting for 40 minutes! For some reason, al of us really got the feeling that they did not like us and we didnt know why! Very strange...2. They were out of a lot of things on the menu and the resturant had only been open for 2 hours!First class on accommodating its customers. The hostess did a great job with us.Tacos are awesome, and the hot sauce beer is second to none.Simply put you will not be disappointed with the food at this place in any fashion.  And yes it is worth the wait.This place was just plain awesome.  This was the one place we held out for during our stay Chicago.  We found out about it in a Not For Tourist book we picked up before our trip.  So starting off this place had a very unique atmosphere to it.  Its a very open space with a large patio and windows surrounding the entire front with a minimal western like feel.  But at the same time with it just being so popular and busy that a lot of that can be forgotten about and starts to become very uncomfortable.  If possible I recommend visiting on off hours of the day.  The staff was very friendly but again because the overall volume of people in the place things can get confusing and disorganized, which we had with two different servers coming by the table asking if we got served already.  Now on to food which overall was delicous, but I can't say is best being I've never visited a taqueria before and thus had no actual expectations. We first got the bean dip which was just awesome.  I would say maybe a bit more spice and some added heat would really just set the bar for the dip, but besides that amazing.  Next we got three tacos, the al pastor, de panza, and papas con rajas.  The panza was good but salty.  There's not too much their to tone down the salt so everything kind of builds on top of each.  Now the papas con rajas was interesting but not there entirely.  I really did enjoy it but it was kind of bland.  It could use some more seasoning to the breading and something different than a mayo.  But overall really good just a couple little things to consider to really make it amazing!Always packed! And for good reason. They don't try to do too much. They have a minimal menu and each of the items are mighty good. Drinks are on the cheaper side at $7 for a margarita.If you are hungry and don't care to hang out, there is an outside window in which to order.Sadly the service does blow - no smiles and a lot of slight shoves from the barbacks and waitstaff. Wonder how long the customers will put up with it.I was not impressed with the service. I did not get what I ordered.I was indifferent about the (large) crowd. We all can't be hipsters.I was complacent about the food. It was solid, although I'm not sure what made it Tex on top of Mex. You can get much bigger and cheaper elsewhere.I was a big fan of the beer. They have a Texas brew that's a stout in a can: Southern Star Buried Hatchet. It has amazingly smooth body with sweet chocolate notes. It completely defies what I thought beer in a can could be. I'll need to figure out where to buy this stuff: beeradvocate.com/beer/pr…I would have also got a $1 (one dollar) Schlitz, except my companion was concerned that I was driving. As is, we went walking to work off the 8.5% abv stout.Cash only.I love that they added onto the front of the restaurant and added more tables.  The best part is that the tables are smaller, so now you can get a table for less than 4 people.As always, the tacos were out of this world.Their waitstaff always seems overwhelmed, so you just have to be patient.great locale right near the Damen stop off the blueline. I can honestly say the chicken thigh tostada was one of the tastiest and spiciest things I've put in my mouth in quite awhile. A must try every time...p.s. if you think everyone who serves you is a rude asshole it may just be a projection, just sayin'I went here at the insistence of a friend to find out what i assumed: so-so food that was over priced and over hyped.  There was a line but there is a pick up window where you can get your food fast at a take out window.  Tacos are $3 a piece as is the horchada (rice water).  I was hungry so I ordered 3 tacos (2 fish and 1 pork shoulder with pineapple)My order was ready and as its from the pick up window your option is a communal park bench outside.  Holy crap the tacos were the size of dollar pancakes... I didn't know they made tortillas that small... about 2 bites to a taco.  The fish tacos were nothing special.  The pork shoulder with pineapple was good but dry.  The hot sauces (1 red and one green were good).  I wanted guacamole and chips but at $8 I don't think so.  Shouldn't someone at least bring it to my table for a $20 dinner...?The worst part was the horchada which was not smooth and left a bad taste with a sandy consistency which ruined the whole meal.  My friend asked for water... sorry no tap.. you can buy bottled water at $2.  I'm pretty sure its not legal to not offer water.After eating we went into the "bar" area which was quite obviously an old garage/auto body shop with all its ambiance... it looked like they plopped a bar in the middle of it and did nothing else. The place was crowded so perhaps the hipster of bucktown have no real Mexican food... poor them but I won't return.  If you have to try this place get a pork shoulder taco or two and take it home... if you want a meat market you are looking at some sad pickings.....A friend and I were at movies in the park in Wicker Park. After enjoying Jurassic Park we strolled by Big Star and decided we were hungry. I put our name in for a table for 2, we probably had to wait half an hour or so. It wasn't very late, maybe 10 or 11, and the bus boys were clearing the patio area therefor taking tables away and making the wait even longer for those after us. Once we were seated we had to "move" out of the way for the bussers twice so they could assemble the glass wall that makes the outdoor space, indoor. This was especially frustrating because all the employees we interacted with that night were rude. As for the food, we started with chips and gauc which were yuuuuum and I got the tacos al pastor which were pretty good. Unfortunately I wouldn't say the food lives up to the reputation this establishment has earned. $3 whiskey shots doe!I celebrated my birthday this year by inviting friends out to drinks here on a Saturday night. We did have to wait in a fake line in the cold (only for a couple minutes) but once inside enjoyed plenty of space.Everyone had a great time - the beer was cheap and the Micheladas (sp?) were awesome. It's one of their specialties: Tecate mixed with a house blend of spices to form a very original, spicy beer. Lined with salt and served with lime. A+We camped out near the little kitchen window, and it's certainly too bad I didn't come more hungry. The little tacos and other dishes waltzing by looked (and SMELLED) delicous. Several friends ordered 1 or 2 and were very happy.I'm going back here with a group of girlfriends to eat this weekend and I'm really looking forward to it. Let's hope they don't make us stand in line, that's just cruel in the Chicago winter...PS. You have to order food to get a table. If you want one, make sure you get your name on the list by finding the hostess. And the tables are huge, this place would be good for a big group.Rick Bayless has nothing to worry about.  While decent, there's nothing special here.  I like the location right off the Damen stop.  It's an old garage they stripped clean, painted white, installed sky lights, and built in several booths around a bar.  The layout works, and the bare bones decor screams hipster.The guacamole is fresh and worth it.  Liked the tinga de pollo (chicken taco for those who took French in high school).  The tacos al pastor were disappointing (too sweet on the pineapple, overbearing flavor).  Be sure to request a plain Sonoran hot dog if you don't like condiments.  Otherwise it's covered like a condiment commercial.  Oh, and it's big (that's what she said).Bummed that the tostada de pescado was no longer on the menu!  That was my fave!I made do with the tostada de pollo, which was delicious and served with yummy pickled onions.  My only complaint that it was TOO spicy.  I love spicy food but I could barely finish half of this because of the heat.  I seem to remember having the same chicken filling in a taco before and not thinking it was crazy spicy, so maybe just a super hot batch?I also really enjoyed my fish taco, even though the fish was breaded and I prefer grilled fish tacos.  The bite of my husband's pork belly taco that I managed to swindle was also very good.The four of us also shared the queso fundido, which I did not care for, but everyone else at the table loved (didn't stop me from eating it though!).Guac and margs continue to be top notch, great (and reasonably priced) beer list.  Service continues to be very slow, but the service is also very hipster so I am guessing that has something to do with it.An excellent place for al fresco dining.Good foodFresh ingredientsHuge patioDecent serviceGreat locationAnd.... that about sums it up!Weird service today and our tacos initially came out cold and we had to ask for some hot tacos. Our waitress basically ignored us the whole time. The manager was helpful and brought us some hot tacos since our waitress seemed to be actively trying to avoid us. The hot tacos were good (the fish and the pastor) and the queso fundido was delicious.Don't know why it's just a 3 star place on yelp!! It's even better than all the tacos that I had in Northern California!! It's really cheap and awesome tacos!! We got chips and 4 tacos, and it's only $17 including tax and tips for 2 ppl! Yes, it's $17 for 2, not each!! Fish taco is so awesome, walking taco is very creative and delicious!!!!I thought for a while about how many stars to throw at Big Star. There were definitely things I didn't like about the place, but most of those are symptoms of the neighborhood. I could have gone for a little more decoration, the walls are pretty bare, but I feel like in time we'll find art from some of the locals all over the place. It'd just warm the bar up a little.That being said, I can't not give Big Star a solid five. Great bourbon selection, and "mad props" to any place that has multiple options in the way of mezcal. Exciting, but reasonably priced drink menu topped off with the local bar special, 7oz Schlitz on tap for a buck. A buck. Sure, they have better beers, but there are times when a cold Schlitz and a warm taco are all one needs. (Well, that and sex)Tacos, tacos, tacos, yeah... The tacos are great. Everyone has said it. I have to go with the tacos de panza. They're braised pork belly tossed in some delicious little sauce that packs a kick, cheese, cilantro, and delicious tortillas. 3 bucks. Excellent. Seriously, one of the better tacos I've had the pleasure of inhaling. My pal had the lamb, and said they were great (apparently so good there wasn't any left to share), and my chicken tostada was tasty, but nothing comes close to the panza.Again, three buck tacos, dollar beer. The service was efficient, not warm, but even on a Thursday the place was packed. It's new, there's a lot of buzz, so it would be stupid to quibble about the bartenders not being very chatty. PS, great tunes being played all night.I'm addicted. ADDICTED. their Plantain Frites special was amazing. I've come back probably 8 times since my first review. Bartenders Ben, Michael (of course, what a doll) and the cute shaved-head barback and worth waiting in line for, i promise.  loveloveloveloveWe stumbled across Big Star while waiting for stupid Violet hour's long wait. Anyway I was pleasantly surprised by the tacos! After living in LA and eating so many delicious tacos in trips to Mexico,I thought I would never see al pastor con pina (pork with pineapple) in Chicago! Alas a mecca for a taco overflowing with meat (for only 2 dollars). The horchata (cinnamon rice drink) was also pretty yummy! We also tried the lamb taco, but I think the al pastor was significantly yummier.The atmosphere was really friendly and warm here! The staff was not pretentious at all and really helpful.  I think it'd be a great place to come with friends to hang out by the bar or in a booth.They put grilled pineapple on the tacos. That is really all you need to know.I mean, I love me some La Pasadita. Love it. But the really great tacos I've consumed in LA and from taco trucks in the midwest do the pineapple, and I have no clue if that's a common ingredient in legit tacos, but I think it's amazing. I will gladly sit here and eat my tacos while being forced to look at the other patrons who look way more attractive, successful, and happy than me in order to get these tacos. Because these tacos make me feel more attractive, successful...and certainly much more happy.@Emily B: Who the eff orders a chicken taco? Go to Taco Bell or chill out.We came on a Wednesday night and had a bit of a wait for a table, but we were also a group of 7. Then again, it was like 11 pm or later. But I told everyone there would be a wait. Got some drinks for the wait -- good prices, every night has a $3 shot of whiskey and though I do not remember what Wednesday's was, it tasted good.The tacos were tasty as hell. Definitely worth it for a slight mark-up (you can definitely get a cheaper Al Pastor at any authentic-ish  local taco joint). The al pastor and the fish tacos were both pretty awesome (fish taco being served on a harder flat shell, fyi) but the pork belly taco was AMAZING. So good, I ordered another. Yum. Seriously, eat this.Overall, this place will be crowded and there are not many actual tables, but the food is delicious and we had a good time.I can't understand why I don't love this place. And from a quick survey of reviews, I'm not the only one with mixed emotions.The food is good, but not better than a really good family-run place. The whiskey cocktails aren't great, but strong and in the spirit of the place. The staff is...present. But overall, I think it just tries to hard to be a faux-dive. You own Publican and Blackbird -- you could paint the front of the building. Of course, this part of town isn't known for it's ironic co-opting of other cultures, so maybe I'm  wrong...One thing I unabashedly love is the take-out window with it's rows of benches. They could have easily turned that into patio space, but it's a nice nod to people that just want to enjoy the food.I think I conquered Big Star. The secret is taking a Monday off work and dragging two good friends for lunch, preferably 15 minutes after opening. Then sit at the bar devouring 100% delicious tacos, guac, peppers and margaritas while chatting with the friendly waitstaff. I've heard horror stories of Big Star's crazy waits and lacking service, but could not have had a better afternoon there. Highlights included the insanely tasty Al Pastor tacos, the Big Star margarita (smoky, STRONG) and the sweet fish tacos. Also, a record player provides music. Sold. I will definitely return this summer to fight all of Bucktown for a spot on the expansive patio. Definitely.Great vibe. Great tacos. But, they only take cash. That's really sums it up.Big Star is really popular and, for good reason. So, be ready to wait for everything. Wait to sit. Wait to drink. Wait to eat. This place gets really busy at least when I have been there. Maybe they could use another server or two? Probably, but I try not to care because it feels so cool with the garage doors up and the music pounding. It's beautifully simple - the iPad of Taco's bars - so nerdy to say but true. For me it's an escape from the midwest because to me it feels like a coastal joint. I know I will come back for another vacation soon when I have some cash and my ID in my wallet because they ain't taking your credit (although there is an ATM in the bar for the suckers like me) and it's a bar so they ID errbody.We waited a long time in the rain for a table. And it was worth it.Our waitress wasn't the most friendly person in the world, but she was good at what she did.The margaritas will knock you on your a**, but super yummy!The guac is off the chain! The chips are nice and fresh, too. The salsas I didn't care for too much, though.I tried the pork belly, chicken, and potato tacos. The pork belly was good. The chicken was good too. It had alot of flavor, but the chicken was dry. The potato taco was the amazing one. SO GOOD!!YUM YUM YUM!!4-stars = Food/Drinks2-stars = Wait Time/Service= 3 stars ratingAlerted the large party coordinator of my 10+ table 1 week prior, I was told to come in 1-1.5 hours before the actual time I would want to be seated.  Did it and then over 2 hours later was seated... was not a happy camper considering we witnessed other tables that were there for less time seated before us.  The standing room available is the size of a small crawlspace and there are many "backpack hitters" (you know those people that wear backpacks and are unaware of their width when walking through crowds!?)  however we did receive complimentary shots at the bar and it sort of made up for it?Food/Drinks - fish tacos were amazing... by far some of the best in the city for that matter.  The drinks were also delicious - took in a few bourbon mixtures.  Overall the bill was definitely comparable to the meal served and have no complaints at all, would definitely go back with a) smaller group, b) during the week!I can see why there is always such a long wait here! We waited about an hour and 45 minutes on a Friday night for a table for 8. With that many people, you need to sit in one of their booths and there is obviously a limited number. Plenty of people were standing around the bar waiting, but we went to my friend's apartment across the street and Big Star was nice enough to call us to walk over when the table was ready. I feel like that never happens!The Big Star margarita was awesome, I guess it is made with mezcal. It had a very different smokey flavor. We split two appetizers and I found that two tacos for dinner were the perfect amount of food. I had the pork belly and pastor, and have never had tacos as good as these before.  Very impressed. 4 stars for the long wait which unfortunately will deter me from coming more often.I went relatively early on a week night after I got off the blue line from work. As a new Wicker Park resident, Big Star had been recommended to be quite a lot. Me and Tacos are close friends so I went in with very high expectations. And I was NOT let down. Great, friendly environment, delicious food, and not too loud that I was still about to have a conversation. I'm the first too admit that maybe I judge too hard on fish tacos. This one was good, the only complaint was that I wish it had more fish; it was a lot of batter. While GREAT batter, that's really all I tasted. I also had the queso fundido and it was amazing. I love that they only use corn tortillas. Fresh ingredients and friendly service. I cannot wait to go again and again.I have changed my mind, altered my perception let my mouth re-experience this place, and added a margarita.. and oh damn. oh mother lovin god.. oh hell yes. for some reason.. it all felt.. great... i think it had to do with sitting at a table with plates of food spread out before me, and a jammin margarita sitting in my hand deliciously.. it was killer. I still wouldnt wait an hour for tacos, but i went at 5:30 and it was perfect.. so.. go. at 5:30... yum. if you dont like meat or dairy, eat elsewhere first maybe.********************************ok i have heard   n o t h i n g  but rave reviews about this place from everyone i know that goes there..  and so I went there. And it was good. to be sure..profound? amazing?  meh, I wont go that far..   I had the pork shoulder taco which was good, good flavor, but the meat wasnt as soft as I was hoping for.. perhaps I should have tried the pork belly taco..I did have the fish tostada and it was  excellent, I wanted a couple more, excellent tangy deliciousness.. My friend had the beans  (yeah my explanations of the dishes are awesome, i know.. but once you look at the menu youll realize 'oh fish oh beans.' its a small menu, so forgive my lack of proper names?) and those beans were pretty delicious but not as good as my fish tostada..and then there's the chips.. yeah yeah the salsas are great (but in a squirt bottle and i prefer dipping, myself).. The chips were the jam.. pretty sure those are fried in lard, which means they are  d e l i ci o u s .. altho not vegetarian as you would assume chips would be..tons and tons of whiskeys.. it was 4:30 so i didnt partake..Its a 'wait your turn' kinda place and after the bar is filled up people surround like vultures.. there are a few tables but they are for parties of 4 or more only..try it. at 4:30 before you have to wait for 2 hrs to sit down. no taco & whiskey is worth that. ever.****  NOTE:  ok, so after talking to people about this- its a bar, not a restaurant, which i didnt realize before going.. it is not focusing on its food menu but on its booze menu.. in that regard, way more understandable.. a big misunderstanding about this place i think..First of all lets just get it out there, this is a majority hipster joint. I'm not saying that's a good or bad thing. I've got plenty of friends that are into skinny jeans and the price tag that comes with them, not my thing but doesn't really bug me. If it bugs you, you will not enjoy this place, avoid it like the plague. Met some friends here for some drinks and dinner a few nights ago. Let's start with the good., as I am a glass half full sort of guy The El Pastor tacos were pretty good. Pork was well seasoned and each taco was filled a plenty. The margaritas were strong and had decent flavor. Ok now the not so good and the flat out terrible. The not so good: the service. I think there has been plenty said by previous reviews about this so I won't get too in depth. Not awful service, but it was like our waitress was annoyed that we were there. We were also told they accepted ONLY cash. This is the year 2010 and you cant swipe my MasterCard, this isn't Russia COME ON! Lastly the prices here were AWFUL, over $30 for a pitcher of margarita's (not top shelf stuff here)  is absolutely highway robbery. I don't care how trendy you are, over $30 for a pitcher of margarita's could be one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard at a Mexican restaurant. Also the tacos are about $3-$5 per so these are not exactly a deal. Like I said they were good, but I've had comparable tacos other places that were 3 for $5. Overall this seems to be a very trendy place, and they know it. For the price there is far better out there.Oh my god were the tacos good. Oh my god did the wait suck. Actually, it was alright. There were about 8 people ahead of us, and instead of just waiting around, they let us stand around a barrel table and start ordering. Although it was a bit inconvenient, we were starving and impatient. So, I guess it was nice of them to let us do that. They were pretty busy, and their walk thru was closed. Womp womp. The guacamole and chips were great and decently priced. It was enough for 5 of us to be content with. Their salsa was ..alright. Yeah. Dots....and alright. That's how I felt about the salsas. My friends ordered the pork belly and lamb tacos. It was a consensus that the pork belly was much better. They said the lamb tasted "too lamby". I guess that means too meaty? Not sure, but they loved the pork belly. I got the fish tostadas. So GOOD! The fish was great and the toppings went along so great with it. I would have ate more had I not felt like my stomach was going to burst. The portion sizes are smaller than I would like, but they were surprisingly still filling. But then again, I did want to save room to have some dessert elsewhere. The service was alright. They took our order, delivered it, gave us our check. Not a lot of checking in. Some water refilling. It was enough. I don't like to be suffocated. And for the price of the food, I wouldn't expect more. The outdoor seating was great, seeing as it was a great Chicago summer night. The restaurant itself is very hipster and belongs in Wicker Park. I think they converted a garage into a restaurant/bar? At least that's what it seemed like. It was cool. Parking is semi-inconvenient. It's near Milwaukee so parking is sparse, but if you look a little harder, you'll find some spots open a couple blocks away. You just have to walk. No big deal in the Chicago summer night. I would definitely go again, but I don't know if I would wait about an hour to get seated. So let me rephrase that. I'd go again if the wait was short. OH YES! JUST CASH!So much of Big Star's appeal is derived from its incongruity. They serve a kind of Southwest-influenced Mexican street cuisine, Latino-inflected cocktails, and lots of bourbon, among other things. But details about the place are readily available. And opinions too, I guess. Anyway:There are plenty of good Mexican joints in Chicago, but Big Star hits all of the yuppie objectives. Long and well curated booze list. Sophisticated takes on ethnic food. Unconventional cocktails. Calculated atmosphere. But that's not to put it down. The menu, while quite short, emphasizes small, satisfying plates that go well with one of their micheladas or a margarita. You'll definitely pay over $10 a person to fill yourself, so I don't know about "cheap eats," but each menu item I tasted was well put together and highly tasty. I had a couple of tacos and the black beans, as well as my share of some queso fundido.The real reason I was into Big Star, though? As a temporary expat of Southern California, it provided just the right kind of feeling I daydream about. It helped that it was a sunny late summer day outside, but it really was like a little sanctum of sunny flavor and limey drinks. So there are some things Big Star could probably do better, but I'm nonetheless grateful for its existence.Dang. I thought that good Mexican food didn't exist outside of California, but I was wrong....I came here on my first night in Chicago, and wow was I impressed. We got here on a warm Weds night around 9pm, and it was an hour long wait for seating.  The entire front patio was packed, and so was the rest of the bar and restaurant.  Clearly there are a lot of people who want Big Star tacos all night on Weds, and I can probably pretty safely assume that this happens every other night too.We started with the guacamole, which was awesome because it had red onion on top, and it had a lot of lime juice, which is my favorite.  Then I had two pork belly tacos, the Tacos de Panza...... Wow. Big Star, you get a BIG A+ for these pork belly tacos.  They were messy, crispy, tasty, delicious, juicy, and we stood in the bar to eat them because we were too hungry to wait an hour for a table.  But gosh darn it, they were worth it.  Plus, you need to add the salsa verde that they have in the bottle. It is an awesome tomatillo sauce that should be topped on everything you eat here.Also, they have a huge selection of whiskey, as well as a whiskey shot of the day for $3..... Ummm that is a steal..... Well it could be really dangerous too, but it sounds more like a great deal above anything else.Ok also as a side note, this could be just because I'm a 20-something-jaded-San-Francisco-chick-who-is-­accustomed-to-poorly-dressed-dorks-or-SF-dbags, but how many hot guys can you put in one bar? Seriously??? It's not even fair! Tacos, beer, whiskey, AND hot guys??? Seriously, sign me up, and please, send one of these to San Francisco.Great work Big Star. I was impressed, and I'll be back for more tacos and guac!  I hear the fish ones are pretty darn good too....The food here is pretty good (like 4 star good - al pastor pbelly tacos, queso fundido!) and they have a great selection of good and cheap whiskeys with bar tenders whoa re generous and knowledgeable (bumping it up to 5 stars) but there are also a few of issues with this place:1. It is impossible to get seated in this place and the space is super cramped.  In fact, I have never sat down at a table here until after I was done eating.  I understand that this place is popular (for the reasons I gave above) but it is still annoying.2. The cocktails suck.  All the cocktails I've gotten here are way too sweet and not balanced well.  I remember the first time I came here and asked for a cocktail that was not too sweet.  I was told, with a bit of snobbery, that none of the drinks were too sweet.  Well, just so you know, they are all too sweet.   Bleh.I am still giving 4 stars because now I just skip the bar all together and inhale tacos in front of the take-out window.  Win for me.  *Tear for no more cheap whiskey.Bright and warm inside, loud and very cheerful.  Before I even had a bite of food I was taken in by the atmosphere.  Awesome drinks (Michelada is Tecate with salsa and lime and a salted rim- perfect).  Great place to hang out and keep the tacos coming.  My tacos were tasty, and were very flavorful.  The only thing I didn't like as much was the guacamole- too heavy on the lime for me, it drowned out the other flavors.  It gets very crowded and is cash only.  I had lots of people enviously eyeing my seat at the bar.  But if you can grab a seat, this place is worth a visit.It was Friday night. There was a blizzard. Stage set.So, my date and I came here pretty late (hey! a girl needs time to get ready after 2.5 hour commute of death!), so the place was switching over to the night crowd. We got two beers and waited about 15 or so minutes for a table. This was pretty good as the place was busy and the tables were a little short in demand. The food came quickly (tacos and chips!) and was pretty tasty. I am excited overall about the tiny tacos trend, which this place seems to follow to the t. Anywho, the one thing that I didn't really appreciate was that the beer list wasn't as extensive as it could have been. I am feeling a little picky about such things lately, maybe it is something that I need to get over. But, the place was pretty and full of interesting people. A good place for Wicker people watching and tiny tacos. Also, a good place for a casual night out. Not a good place for a large group of people (5 people max).Be ready for a long wait if you want to dine with the hipsters at this taco joint.  Cash only but they do have a ATM on site.  Tasty tacos for $3 each.  I highly recommend the pescado.  Their Margaritas are strong, so I prefer the refreshing Tecate with lime and salted rim.  The servers don't rush you out so that they can get a new table.  They let you linger over drinks- greatly appreciated.  The tacos come out very quickly.  If you don't want to drink, there is a walk up window with quick service and picnic tables.I have been a fan of Big Star since my first visit there a few years ago while seeing friends in Chicago. It is, in my humble opinion, one of the smartest businesses in the Damen stop area. Offering cheap and tasty food, copious quantities of import beer, and takeaway options, Big Star gets four big stars from me.I haven't eaten here often, but was pleased to park on their patio this summer and enjoy some delicious and fresh tacos. Service was quick, there was a pitcher of water handy to fight the heat, and the craft beer selection was ideal. I enjoyed several kinds of taco to great success.The next day, I popped in for take away tacos, which came out just as fast and just as fresh, and with chicken flavoured lollipops... though I didn't partake of those. Additionally, prices are quite reasonable and make a stop in always enjoyable.Rolled in for a few drinks and tacos on a weeknight.  I'm not a bourbon fanatic but they have an amazing collection here.  However, I love the taco when it's executed well.  Great Chorizo and Cheese taco, and Pork tacos here.  Also prices are very reasonable.  Most beers $5 and mixed drinks were $7. Good place to meet up with a few people.  Beware of size + crowds, and don't expect more than tacos for your snack/dining options.  But if you can deal will that, great concept and thank goodness the eyesore that was Pontiac is gone forever.For Big Star I'm going with four big ones. Hit it up last Sunday night, thereby avoiding the crowds I've heard so much about. Even on Sunday it was pretty full up. The tacos were good, the chips alternated regularly between under-seasoned and needing to be chased with a pint of water. At first I got excited at the prospect of another place in town trying to run a decent cocktail program, and then even more excited when I saw how many whiskey-based drinks they had on the menu. And then the expectations I've come to know of "cocktail" places were so suddenly confirmed, with one single sighting...The anemic shake.Devastating. A sure fire sign of yet another place faking the cocktail funk. Oh well. Next time I'll stick with my plan of beer or whiskey neat. The food here is good and the prices aren't crazy. Dunno if it's worth all the hype or waiting an hour to sit down, but a solid place for a Sunday night bite.Pastor tacos are delicious and I am addicted!!!!  My measure for all taco places is the holy pastor and Big Star can definitley do it right.  Yes, its dainty and trendy but its so yummy and cheap!$3 shots of whiskey every night that rocks!Nice patio- chill spotNow the bad:- No seats, do not come with a bunch of peoples and expect to sit down after 9pm- Weekends are yuppified- Drafts come in tiny 12oz cups-- what a mean trick!- Bad country all the timeBut yet and still come by for a drink bc its new and have the pastor, worth a helloHere's the deal, if there's a line to get in and you're not willing to wait, move on-- don't sit in line for an hour or two and then whine about it.The food here is spectacular as is the service. Reasonably priced--tacos are $3 and under!The crowd and the music (turntable) make it worthy and the inside booths are big; fitting more than six people each.The bar is the center piece and wraps fully around making it a great place to hang out. The bar is also extensive with cheap-ass beer and of course great tequila, whiskey, bourbon, and rye.Well done.This place gets packed on weekend evenings. The food menu is rather small, but the limited selection somehow allows most orders to be ready in negative 10 seconds from when you order.  I really don't know how they do it so fast. The fish tacos are the best item on the menu for sure. If you're not at a table, then the beer selection is only so-so, and served in tiny little glasses, and the focus on Whiskey is not really what most would be interested in. Most other mixed drinks are well made, strong, but on the small side.This is a descent bar for a Friday happy hour, and an OK place to start your night out in Wicker Park.Big Star:Get over yourself. You are terrible. The star on the sign represents the 1 star review that i'm giving to this terrible establishment. For those who are so excited about finding a place with a $3 taco, I suggest you actually try the dozens of more authentic Mexican restaurants in the area, which are much less expensive, much less pretentious, and have much better service.Big Star, you have so much potential but it turns out you are an epic fail.I actually didn't really mind waiting an hour and a half for a table because they take your cell phone number and call you when your table is really.  So, I walked down the street and had a beer at Northside while I waited.Once we were sat, our server didn't come over for at least 15 minutes, if not longer.  Once our drink order was taken it took forever for her to come back to get the food order.  Once we FINALLY ordered our food it didn't come out for about an hour.  When we asked what was going on she said they lost our order slip and we had to place it again.  To try and make up for it she brought out bourbon shots which was nice but also kind of gross because I had been drinking margs before that and hadn't eaten in a really long time.Then we finally get our food and the bouncer came over and told us we had to leave in 10 minutes because the patio was closing.  What?  Seriously poeple?Also, it is cash only.Great tacos. Fast, friendly service. Over priced though (I'm not saying tacos should all be cheap - I'm saying these tacos and their ingredients were overpriced for what you get). And what is with the really small "pint" glasses in Chicago? My dad would have a fit. Tried the guacamole and chips, tacos panza, tilapia and pollo. All very nice. $35 for 4 tacos and 3 small beers. Cash Only.Do you like the taco or thee hot-dog?I like the taco ... ;)Oh do I love the taco. I like all the tacos. Except the fishy ones .  If yelp had smell-a-net I would bottle up the heavenly scents Big Star permeates down damen. If I could somehow save leftovers for my boyfriend I would but when the tacos and queso fundido come rolling around I know any other person at my table does not stand a chance. MINEEEEEE!Queso fundido... What is it you ask? Oh, just the greatest thing that happened to restaurant dining and the worst thing that happened to lactose and tolerant people like me. It is a bowl of melted chihuahua cheese and chorizo. Then you delicately wrap it in a warm tortilla .......and you max that bitch out! As far as the tacos, we already established... I like them ........ Wait no ... I LOVE them. There are  meat and veggie options. The price is D but the wait is not sometimes. If you want some bubbly you can get it here or go to the many bars down the street. If you want the best queso fundido then you will come here. If you like tacos like I do then you will come here.By far one of my favorite places in the area to frequent. The tacos are out of this world, and the guacamole is the best I've ever had. Combine that with a great beer and whiskey list and I'm in trouble. Lost a star for the sub par service though.After once writing that "the Publican is the reason I joined Yelp", some people might think this is a Paul Kahan-biased review(er).  The fact is, I just like when food tastes good, is interesting and fits the craving I'm having at that moment. Now, I am an enormous fan of bars and restaurants that have square bars.  Plus, while walking down Damen on my way to Big Star, I quickly remembered that it is one of only a handful of bars that is serving the new, sustainably brewed and distributed, Green Line Pale Ale from Goose Island.  So, when you put these two factors together, I was immediately impressed with the bar aspect of the spot.  Good country music adds to the - something Chicagoans should relate to - rustic feel inside.  We found an open spot by a corner and got a $4 Green Line quickly.  With the space full and there being no sign of letting up, we decided to order from the bar and take our meal home.  We ordered a bunch of food to share: four Al Pastor tacos, one tostada de pollo and a lamb shoulder taco.  We also ordered chips and guacamole, naturally.  All of the food was delicious, some of the best tacos I've eaten outside of my cousin's destination wedding in Mexico.  Crisp pork in the al pastor was a good complement to the more tender, shredded lamb.  While we ordered a chicken tostada, we were given a tostada de basa.  It wasn't a big deal, actually an interesting white fish. While $3 for a taco is a bit much, its not surprising given its quality, fresh ingredients.  The radishes chopped into the guacamole were the perfect touch - something I think I'll "borrow" from Kahan's recipe book.  A full bag of chips (Chipotle take notice), fresh limes and quick service at the bar made this a regular stop for the future.Total bill for 5 tacos, 1 tostada, chips/guacamole, 2 Green Lines and a bar tip = $30. Food and drinks for $15/each? When its gourmet street food, I'm all about it.Reason:Live in the area and love Blackbird and Avec as well as The Publican.Order:A sampling of the apps and tacos as well as the fruit honey dessert.Thoughts:Loved the atmosphere but is 10x as busy now (went at time of opening).The pork and pineapple tacos are as good as everyone says but not as authentic as say La Pasadita but what is.In closing:Lots of hype, good food, too many hipsters now.  Worth a try.CASH ONLY.There's a reason why it's constantly crazy busy: the fish tacos.Service is great, food delightful, drinks strong.Food.... great. Tacos are unique, slightly eclectic and delicious. Wait staff and "security" leaves something to be desired.  I can easily tolerate a long wait , but there is nowhere to go and the staff is not accommodating for those waiting. Im in the industry, & I hate using that as an explanation of my opinion but a smile goes a long way.... servers here look like they'd like to teleport to anywhere else!Definitely a solid 4, probably a 4.5 stars.  I live a few blocks away so I have been there 4-5 times in the place and stopped by for tacos to go more than once. As stated in multiple reviews, the portions are small.  Nicer pricier ingredients mean either high cost, small portions or both.  I think they find a balance.  This just gives me a chance to have a couple different tacos plus either their delicious guac or queso fundido.  Glad to see they added fish tacos among other items as their menu was very small early on.  I much prefer the size and taste of the shrimp tacos and fish tacos at Big and Little's but that is a drive for me where as here its a walk.I was a big fan of the Sonoran hotdog.  A bacon wrapped hotdog covered in numerous condiments.  Why is this here?  No idea, but its fantastic.  It definitely takes the place of 3 tacos for quantity of food so easy on how much you order.  I almost always get a margarita or a limeade depending on my responsibilities for the rest of the day.  The margaritas are pricey but potent.  Its busy round the clock, even for lunch on a Monday when my wife and I are off together.  Weekends are ridiculous for seating.People need to stop bashing.  The place is small and gets busy.  And as for the food... this isn't Alinea... its a god damn taco stand.  Atmosphere - ExcellentService - started shaky, ended excellentFood - good and affordable, inventive for the pricesDrinks - cheap if you consider some bars charge $12 for a redbull vodka and even craft drinks at Jake Melnick's are $10... at Big Star, they are $7 and excellent.I went in nervous and left drunk and happy.  This place doesn't need a 5 paragraph review, just get their early, get a table on the patio, don't complain about not getting a call from the door guy and that you couldn't modify your taco...  Shut up and enjoy or go somewhere else...Big Star, how I love thee. While my visits are rare over this long cold hell known as winter, only visiting for a quick fix at the taco window after getting off the train, know that I'll return at the first sign of the sun. Like the phoenix that rises from the ashes, your patio will rise again from the muck, salt and grime to become hipster heaven flavored with margaritas and delicious slow-cooked meats wrapped in pillowy tortillas.Are the waits long and occasionally torturous? Absolutely. But once you're ensconced in the comforting bosom of this asphalt-covered nirvana, there is no equal. A pitcher of margaritas or a Pancho and Lefty in hand and a platter of tacos wending its way from the kitchen and troubles cease to exist. The pork belly, as hordes of unwashed flannel-wearing Wicker Park denizens have said before me, is spectacularly delicious, but there's oh so much more to enjoy. The roasted poblano taco is a subtly sweet herbaceous masterpiece, redolent of peppery goodness with a solid slab of melty cheesy goodness on top.  The Sonoran hot dog is a godsend, with some bizarrely delicious sauce that can only be derived from the purest crack cocaine. And watch out for the specials, the beef heart taco is love in meat form, believe it or not. Braised to tender perfection, it's a reminder that everyone's organ needs some love. Plus - order the dulche de leche milkshake right freaking now and ask them to drop a shot of bourbon in it. There's no way to be unhappy when sipping on a straw full of that.Is the staff sometimes a bit harried? Sure. But deal with the wait and crowd with good humor and they'll offer the same. There just ain't no reason not to go, especially once the patio opens up again!This place does have good pork taco items, very good tortillas, and cocktails but they piss me off with how they cannot do substitutions/removals for people with allergies. I know you guys are all efficient and speedy but don't you think its messed up when people can't order things that sound good/will feel good after they eat them - things they are paying you for - just because you can't take 5 seconds to write down NO _____? So because I didn't want to deal with dining drama I was hungry one day and went to the to-go window to get one taco that didn't need substitutions and asked for a cup of water with my meal and they were just like NO. WE DON'T DO THAT. ???What??? McDonald's gives you a cup of water with your meal... if you just walk into Starbucks they will give you a cup of water too... they seems to be doing pretty okay business-wise by giving out cups of water to their customers.I'm knocking two stars off because the host staff needs to get their act together.I don't get to go to Chicago often, but I always look forward to going to Big Star when I'm in town. Well last week I finally got to go there after a year and I was really looking forward to some delicious food. It was a total zoo (Friday night, so I knew it would be busy) - the hostess told us it was an hour wait, which we figured would mean 45 min-1 hour so we got a drink at the bar and hung out.A little after an hour we asked the hostess how much longer she thought it would be and she wasn't sure so we asked how many two tops were ahead of us and she said 15. Fifteen! At this point it was almost ten o'clock and we were super hungry so we went somewhere else to eat...the Big Star hostess finally called to say our table was ready two hours after taking our reservation.Come on people, with a place that busy and popular you need a host staff that can gauge wait times better than that.Best tacos I've ever had.  I went to big star for the first time last night and I fell in love.  We found a nice spot for three right away and the booze and taco feast began.  I doubt I will ever find a better way to fuel Sunday fun then $2 Blatzes, $3 whiskey of the day shots and the most glorious little tacos that I've ever had the honor of sampling.  Our waitress was a whiskey wizard and she and my partner in what I'm sure wound up being crime talked whiskey while I waited patiently to shoot some.  I started started with the pastor and pork belly which may have been a mistake because as I had my first taste of the pastor a tear came to my eye and I knew my life would never be the same.  Over the next four to six hours (details remain hazy) we devoured several courses.  The Pastor was by far my favorite but everything I had was stellar.  The staff was all great, the food amazing and the good times were abundant.  And if you ask nicely and promise not to make a mess they might just let you shotgun a couple beers.If I was rating this place just on atmosphere, I would definitely give it more stars because I love places like this.  Nice patio, friendly servers, and other than the annoying table that crammed 9 people into a 4 top and had a big dog to boot, I didn't mind the hipster scene everyone described.  I live in Bucktown though so maybe I'm used to it.  As for the food though, I could only give it 3 stars.  They get an extra star for the Michelada though because that was awesome!  After my Michelada I had a margarita, which I could barely drink.  It was over the top strong and didn't even come with a lime so it looked ungarnished and sad.  We ordered the chips and guac which were good.  The salsas were also good.  Because we ate so many chips, my friend and I just got one taco each.  We went with the pork belly based on the reviews.  It was good...I guess.  I like my pork belly to be juicy and fatty, and this tasted more like what I would expect the al pastor taco to taste like.  It was just so-so.  So really I guess my review is more based on my disappointment with the lackluster pork belly taco I was so excited about.  Otherwise, this place is great and I will go back.Big Star is for those who want Mexican but not the typical steak burrito. I have been to BS three times now, and have tried all the tacos and the queso fundito. The queso fundito was good, but when is a glob of melted cheese not good? As for the tacos, for starters, they are cheap. 2 or 3 bucks each and that's including tax. My favorites are the Pastor (Pork Shoulder and Pineapple) and the Relano (Cheese and Peppers, somewhat spicy). Two very different tastes, but both have plenty of flavor. I don't `usually like the idea of pineapple being thrown in to the mix of most entrees, but with the Pastor tacos they accent the grilled onions and spices used for the pork shoulder so well its hard not love them. The Pork Belly taco is my next favorite. Totally different taste than the Pastor, the pastor is sweet while the Pork Belly is more salty. It's pretty good, but I just prefer the Pastor over it. Most of my friends disagree with me and like the Belly more.The final taco is the Borrega (lamb), the lamb taco just didn't do it for me. Was it good? I mean it was ok, but compared to the other 3, it just can't hang.You can end up waiting a long time to get a seat at Big Star, so if you can, I advise using the takeout window. There are even tables to eat at right outside the take out window, you just can't order booze, but you also don't pay a tip....We don't service your kind here...My boyfriend and I visited Big Star on February 11, 2011 after my co-worker raved about the food. Granted the restaurant was jammed packed with people but we totally understood. We made our way down the bar and to our surprise, two seats opened at the bar. "Must be our lucky day." I thought to myself. BOY... was I wrong. The bar was staffed with 4 bartenders and 2 bar backs that evening. There was one bartender (can't remember his name, extremely thin Caucasian male.) who seemed to be upset we were sitting at the bar. He constantly ignored us when we tried to order drinks. At one point, I almost fell over the bar trying to get his attention. The few times he did acknowledge us, he purposely slammed things on the bar right in front of us as though we were bothering him.After enough abuse, we decided to close up our tab and leave. Once again... he ignored us for 15 min. My boyfriend usually leaves generous tips but this time I argued against that.  If the bartender was annoyed with the idea of serving 2 professional Hispanics, then he should not be upset with not receiving money from us.  After some debate, we agreed to give the tip money to the bar backs. They were the only two who acknowledge us and worked their asses off. Overall, I consider myself to be a reasonable person. Perhaps the bartender was having a bad day... we all do. However, his lack of professionalism left me with a negative impression, which will force me to shun this establishment in the future.Because of the daunting lines outside and the hornets' nest of swarming hipsters and yuppies inside, I had avoided Big Star for over a year.  I was finally persuaded to go for a friend's birthday and the promise of amazing margaritas and guacamole.  We arrived at 7 p.m. on a Saturday with a group of seven and the hostess warned us that the wait would be long as there were 15 groups ahead of us.  We had anticipated a wait so we squeezed our way to the bar and ordered a pitcher of margaritas to hold us over.  While I still think $30 for a pitcher is steep, it did contain an entire bottle of tequila.  They weren't the best tasting, a little sour for my liking not to mention quite strong, but they did the trick.A mere two hours later, we were seated.  There are very few things in life I'm willing to wait two hours for so my expectations were high.  We ordered the chips and guacamole for the table and I chose an al pastor taco and black bean tostada.  Our order came out fast but our group had expanded to 10 and they brought out each type of taco or tostada on a single plate so you had to shout across the table to see who ordered what so they could put it on their individual plate.  Not the most efficient way to serve a large party in my opinion.The taco tasted not unlike what you could order at Chipotle and while the tostada was good, it was no better than what I've had at any other Mexican restaurant.  The guacamole was a decent size for the price but  it was no better than I've made at home.I realize I'm basing my opinion on one experience but I just don't see the appeal of Big Star.  You can get better taqueria style food for less at any one of the many restaurants in Wicker Park near Western and Armitage, which also serve alcohol, and you won't have to be squished, yell to hear your friends or be bothered by a rude doorman.I knocked a star off for each time I had gone there and not actually eaten or drank anything - and not because I didn't want to. The wait for a space of any size to stand and eat can be ridiculous; I had gone once about two hours before a friend had to work - in the end he was scarfing down his tacos just to make it to work on time. I've also been denied at the walk-up window, literally having the door shut in my face since they were closing (after waiting in line and the person before me being served).Yea, the tacos and guacamole are good, just not good enough to overcome the other issues that I have with this place.This place IS a joke.Every time I've been there, the hostess tells me the wait is 25 people or more.  I ask for an estimate waiting time, and they refuse.  They suggest that I don't want to wait, which comes off to me as if they don't need my business.  Again, they do this to me every single time.We tried to order tacos at their fast food stand.  However, my girlfriend does not like onions at all, and they are not willing to "modify" any orders.  At any other taco stand, we never have a problem getting onions and cilantro in some aluminum foil on the side.  I've been all over central Mexico, through the states of Jalisco and Mexico, and I've never had a problem getting anything on the side or "modifying" any order.  Also, for $3 a taco, that price is absurd.If you are curious about this place, my advise would be just stop.  Go somewhere else.  This place is destine to disappoint.Delicious tacos. I agree with others, they are messy.They are cash only, which sucks when a pitcher of margaritas is THIRTY DOLLARS (although it was tasty).We waited over an hour for a table and were less than impressed with the service. It was very slow, and we had to flag down a person every time we needed something. They claimed they could not split the bill. Give me a break, I've been a server. You can split the bill. Tacos come out on one big plate, so you have to figure out whose is whose. They come out fast, but separating by person would be nice. It is very very loud.Just go to the take-out window. We did that the first time we came (due to the ridiculous wait), and it was a much more pleasant experience.Take out window = delicious tacos without the hassle.First as we all know the tacos are great.They have some of the best smokey margaritas and guac&chips.Great ambience.But this review is more about the service.Very rude Doorman(average height,30's black man normally) who just stares at you with no hello or can I help you? I've dated door guys and am friends with a bunch.You can still be a "tough guy" and talk to people like their human beings.Next the younger white woman(30's,skinny,hipster-ish) who plays the role of the hostess in front of the entrance.Snarky and rude. She actually lied on a pal of mine once to get him kicked out (said he was rude)after his name was on the wait list and she waited until he was being sat at his table to alert the manager to this(another older black man 40-ish) Why wait til he is being seated? Just take his name off the list and escort him out of the bar.Bartender wise:The short bartender who is prone to wearing hats,jean jacket and has shaggy blonde hair is quite sweet and social.He's always been great.So if you spot him try to get a seat at the bar.The servers are neither here nor there.A little forgetful but that place is super busy.I like to see other people try serving for a day.Takeout counter is efficient and orderly.So if you don't mind dealing wth a few snarky employees to get to the good ones and the great food.By that third Big Star Margarita,you will have forgotten all about them!P.S. Cash only,ATM inside.Watch what you order.It adds up pretty quickly.I don't really see what all the fuss is about. The tacos are good but they're pretty small. The wait was very long even in the to-go window, and they screwed up my order which resulted in another 15 minutes of waiting. They also don't take credit cards, which apparently is still a thing at some places in Chicago.Went here for a few birthday tacos the other day. I have been here for dinner/drinks a few times but this was my first time here for lunch. I sat up at the bar and was greeted by a very friendly and personable bar tender. I wish I had gotten her name because she deserves to be noted as fabulous! I had fish tacos and  pork belly tacos (pescade & panza) and they are my 2 favorite. Although I didn't have any guacamole while I ate lunch the other day, I can say that I've had it and it is GRRRREAT!I love good tequila and there is certainly no shortage of good tequila here.So, cheers to you Big Star.My first impression - Saturday night - the place was packed - wait time 2:30 - 3:00 hours. Of course we turned around and went some place else. Tried again on a Monday evening - the place was buzzing but there were plenty of empty tables. We got 2 spot at the bar right away. The hostess was  extremely RUDE, was standing at the entrance and completely ignored us. We approached her and she couldn't care less, so we just seated ourselves at the bar. This place is perfect for hanging out with friends after work. It has a fully stocked bar and a very limited menu. Just tacos, chips and guacamole and some other tex-mex appetizers. We started out with the chips and guacamole. Surprisingly the guacamole was good. Having lived in CA for 7 years I am very picky about my Mexican food. Luckily this place passed :)The service was super quick. We got out food in less that 10 minutes. Both the fish and chicken tacos were delicious. The fish tacos definitely had more flavor. The chicken tacos were topped with Cotija cheese and pickled red onions. Everything was flavorful and appetizer size. It's definitely a fun place, its loud, had good music, good mexican food and a very casual atmosphere. It does get very very crowded on the weekend and the wait times are insane. Worth the wait - probably not! The best time to go is during the week after work. They do cash only!!Come for the fish tacos. Stay for the whiskey cocktails.I'm a huge fan of Big Star. I've been frequenting this establishment for a little over a year. Why? Because they possibly have the best cocktails in the city. I love and respect bars that know about liquor. Their whiskey cocktails are great and go well with the fish and/or chicken tacos. Each time I visit I have to try at least 3 whiskey cocktails. It's also entertaining to watch the bartenders muddle and shake away while making drinks. I always have a great time at the bar.But Jeremy, if you love this place so much so much why give it 4 out of 5 stars? Well that's because of my only two complaints about the bar. First, I feel that the tacos are over priced giving that they are relatively small. I could easily eat ten fish tacos, but that would cost $30 bucks. Second, If you want your drinks within a reasonable time frame then you better find a seat at the bar. Getting to the bar can sometimes be a difficult task due to it always being crowded. I've only sat down at a table once and have been here about 15 times.September 19th, 2011Already had low expectations, but the FOOD IS EXCELLENT! ONLY GET TAKE OUT!!! 5 minutes to get menus. 15 minutes to order drinks. 15 minutes to order food (food is ready fast).  15 minutes to sit with an empty drink before being offered another (even with one employee per patron). 15 minutes to decide that another round of drinks and more taco's could tip the scale at over 2 hours if it takes 15 minutes each AND it might take another 15 minutes to get the check. Got the check after 15 minutes and bailed. The bill was $15. left a goodbye tip of $5.  I would have ended up spending at least 3 times more in tacos and booze but why bother. Red head bartender was very upset by simple requests (menus, check etc...).  Looks like you don't need to care about your business in this area to make money. Current patrons must enjoy being ignored and overpaying for non-existent service. If you are lucky there will be some sort of hassle walking into the patio area by the "awesome" host.I don't expect 5, 4, or even 3 star service. I always tip at least %20. You could have made a lot of money on me.  bye bye... PS. It's not hard to pour beer. You have inspired me to open a restaurant. If you can afford to pay 6 people to do nothing then I am your new competition. Good luck to you!Thank you.Tacos de Pescados!! (taco fish)One word: satisfaction.Went here on a Thursday night around 8pm for some late night tacos and boy was that a mistake. It was packed and we were told to wait outside for a table and they'll call us. I was all confused and asked where to put my name in and the bouncer said the hostess would be right back...finally got my name in and was told 15-20 minutes and they'll call me when my table is ready (literally call me, I gave them my phone number). Not bad other than we were standing outside. in. the rain. Yep. So we wait. and wait. and wait. And finally the bouncer tells us we can come in and head to bar. Sweet. So we grab a drink and wait. and wait. and wait. By now we've been waiting 30 minutes so I go find the hostess and ask how much longer for our table since they told us 20 minutes 1/2 hour ago. She tells me that the hostess shouldn't have given us "times" since they never know and tells me that we're the next table. Sweet.So I head back to the bar and order some chips to hold us over. But the wait. and wait even some more until the point that we're starving. So finally we decide to just order some food at the bar. We all got 1 or 2 tacos (which, let's not kid ourselves, was not enough food and I'm sure we would have ordered triple that if we had an actual place to sit) and got out of the place. But here's the kicker, they finally called me to tell me our table was ready. At 10:15pm. Yes, 2 hours, 15 minutes later.I don't care how great the tacos were, which they were, but ARE YOU JOKING? 2 HOURS LATER when I was told 15-20 minutes? Yeah, I'll never be going here again.I went to Big Star for dinner with a friend on a Wednesday night at about 7:00.  Big Star, big mistake!  The hostess wouldn't tell us how long the wait was, but that we had a page of people ahead of us for a two top.  We decided to wait and I ordered a beer.  The bartender was pretty nice but my friend had to wait 15 minutes for a limeade from the kitchen.  Really?  The restaurant was slammed and standing by the bar we kept getting bumped by the wait staff, bussers and other customers.  After an hour we got fed up and left.  Never did get that phone call!Went here this past Saturday when Vibe wasn't on ish. I ordered the fish tacos, I'm not too sure they were freshly made considering our food came out in about 3 mins. My fish tacos were satisfying, but real talk, the ones i make at home are 100 times better. The drink we had was pretty good. Cash only = SUCKSI'm not sure if I will go back if I can locate another late night Mexican eatery with a full bar. The full bar was the deciding factor to get us in there. Also, please just look for the Big Star...Went for dinner with a group of three friends and was told it would be an hour and a half wait for a table for four.  That's no good - luckily for me I was able to Macguyver a slot at the bar using my catlike speed and reflexes elbowing much smaller hipsters with my broad polo-wearing shoulders.  This battle for 4.375 feet of bar was won with a strong sense of urgency, the footwork and athleticism of a Black Swan, and a clear size advantage which helped box out any unsuspecting bohemians from this stretch of bar.  I would not be denied.  Victorious in battle, the reward for such fearlessness was guacamole for four and 2 pork shoulder and 2 pork belly tacos with a chelada, plates shared with my group, and good conversations about Back to the Future screenings, facebook checkin's, and various relationship status updates. I'm a fan of pork belly - its a fattier portion of the hog (RIP for your deliciousness) but the shoulder has the grilled pineapple; it's a tossup, so get one of each.  I'd like to go back to get the Sonoran Hotdog and try the fish tacos; but the pork tacos are pretty good.They also have a great selection of house whiskey and beers, lightspeed service, and its fun to people watch if you're not having to bodycheck your way into some bar space.Granted, if someone with a deadly airborne virus one day decides to get tacos the same time as me or 100 other Big Star lovers and coughs into his or her guacomole, we're all screwed, a la Dustin Hoffman in Outbreak. But at least we'll have one final, gratuitous beer and pork taco chow fest.I'm over this place.Also, they stopped making the lamb tacos.I have lost all reasons to come here.And also I'm allergic to pretentiousnessMy main complaint would be the long wait and excessive crowdedness at this place at dinner times.  It's annoying getting constantly bumped even if u found a supposed spot to hang out and wait, by either patrons or waiters. Food is great. It's supposed to be by the owners of Avec. All tacos were deelish, and the drinks like the old fashioned and margaritas were stiff and not overly sweet. Perfect. Would come again if I dont mind waiting an hour or so while drinking and jostling as u wait for an elusive table.Big Star is more of a bar with good food than a restaurant. Adjust your expectations accordingly.A first visit to Big Star merited 3.5 stars, rounded up for the relative ease of scoring a couple of bar stools on a Sunday evening and the vibrant, festive atmosphere. Prices are pretty cheap, and the upfront warning about cash-only policy was helpful, yet it's still sorta annoying to have to run over to the ATM mid-date.Pork belly tacos were a standout, while the lamb was more forgettable. And that Velvet Hour-esque ginger cocktail is still burning the back of my throat (in a good way).I'll try Big Star again, although I might give it some time to let the hype die down (and for them to come around to accepting credit cards).Fantasy: sipping reasonably priced cocktails at a sleek bar with friends, laughing and chatting it up with strangers who have produced straight-to-DVD movies. Reality: standing in a narrow-as-balls corridor while waiting 90 minutes for two seats at the bar with a party of five and being constantly crashed into by staff, patrons and  strangers who have produced straight-to-DVD movies. This place is a mix of both of those things but everything appears better through tequila colored glasses. I really loved this place but I would definitely not wait in line for HOURS outside in the cold like some people were doing. Word to the wise: make like the Golden Girls and start your evenings early! Minus one star for slooooow ass lippy waitress service but I would definitely come here again. I mean, it's delicious tequila for god's sake!10PM last Thursday at Big Star was packed like a boat headed for Ellis Island in 1940. My girl and I visited since we were craving Mexican and I had wanted to check this place out for a long time after getting one of their recipes from Bon Appetit. If you go in the later hours (after 9?), the environment should be understood before entry. It's lowed, pretty crammed, and a bit chaotic. I wasn't in the mood for this, but I didn't let that interfere with my dining experience. I'd have loved the atmosphere if I was a buzzed or with a group of buddies. The DJ was mixing it up and hipsters will in full swing. Ultimately, I enjoyed the Al Pastor recipe I use more than what Big Star served up. I did love the Queso and their pickled vegetables. The queso was perfectly browned, had an almost nutty aroma, and was loaded with chorizo and poblano strips. I've had the style of pickled vegetables they serve before, these were hands down the hottest and best I've had. It would be great to by a giant jar's worth to keep on hand. The tacos didn't hit the ball out of the park, more like a ground rule double. The tacos are a great size, about 3-4 bites. We had their Al Pastor, Pork Belly, and Fried Tilapia. The tilapia was good, I'm always of fan of the crunch you get from cabbage slaw and the crispy fried tilapia. Great with a squeeze of lime too. I didn't thing the Al Pastor was that great, not a lot of bold flavor or spice I expected. The pork belly was good, a tad dry, but some lime helped that too. The Margarita we got was disgusting, basically all sour mix...It was really busy, so it's likely the bartender was just trying to get me my drink in a timely fashion. I'd have waited 10 minutes if that's what it took to get a well prepared drink. Too bad, I'll just stick with a cerveza next time.  Overall, Big Star left me feeling satisfied but not impressed. I do like whats all going on here, but I wish the tacos had more memorable flavor. If I was in the area again, I'd certainly go back after having some drinks already in my system.Came here on a Friday night with some friends after work. Long wait to sit inside, mostly because it was pretty windy outside. While waiting, I tried the michelada (beer with lime and salsa), which I really liked.I had the taco al pastor (marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, cilantro, taco de panza (crispy, braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro), and the taco de pescado (beer battered tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro, lime). I liked the al pastor the best, a bit disappointed with the fish taco (a tad fishy smelling).  We also had the chips & guac (yum) as well as the vegetables en escabeche (spicy!).All in all, if I was in the area, I'd probably try ordering from the window. The wait didn't seem justified (especially after having been to the Maxwell St. market).I am dedicating this review to Big Star's fish tacos.Since the first time my husband took me there on Valentine's day 2011 (for lunch), I think I have been back 10 times which includes one week that I went 3 times in a row.The place gets a little crowded, but I don't blame people for wanting to crowd around for their delicious tacos.My favorite Friday night lately involves Big Star's fish tacos and a michelada.I don't have much to say about this place as a bar. It's nothing special. But as a taco joint, this place is tops. Best tacos ever, bar none. I usually go with an al pastor and a panza. AMAZINGdon't forget. CASH ONLY, just like mexico!Oh, Big Star, I have such a love-hate relationship with you.You're way too small for your clientele, your servers suck and there was one time my group was actually told we'd have to wait behind 45 other parties... ON A WEDNESDAY. We were really craving tacos and the heavenly blend of spices that accompany yours, so we gave you our cell number and got a drink at Pint. That turned into another drink... and another... and before we knew it, we were blasted and it was two-and-a-half hours later. Still no phone call. Boo.But lucky for you, my liver -- I mean, heart -- still holds a soft spot for you. Nothing beats these delicious, cilantro-ey, mango-ey tacos at 2 in the morning. Sure, it's cash only. But they are as cheap as they come for the quality.One thing's for sure -- customers definitely don't pay to look classy here. Deal with it. And savor the goodness.Wait, there's a bar in wicker park that's crowded due to hype?! Wait, there's gambling in this casino?!This place rules...I've yet to find another place where I can consume INSANELY DELICIOUS food, Top Shelf bourbon, and make a fucking spectacle of myself for under 30 dollars. People need to learn how to be patient. It makes life so much easier.Oh where to begin with my experience at Big Star. So I don't sound like a whiny jerk a few things to clear up - when my group of friends and I headed off for dinner here we fully aware of three things:1) We were a group of seven which can be tricky on a busy night2) We went on a Saturday evening and were prepared for a late dinner3) We knew this place is really popular right now so our expectation was to wait a minimum of an hourPeriod end of story, my opinion of this place was ruined by the staff. Our group was treated so rudely I don't care if they offered me a pedicure while eating, gold plated silverware that I get to keep and a $100 to come back to eat again.I won't belabor you with the full shit-show that was our visit to Big Star but essentially what should have been a simple seating of seven people turned into waiting around for 2.5 hours, being told that they can't physically sit a table of 7 (there was a 13-top there when we first arrived at 8pm), being told that we were going to have to be split into two tables, being insulted to our faces AND that was all topped off with mediocre food. I will give it to them the premise (simple, ala carte style menu) is interesting and makes ordering easy and the patio seating is pretty killer. My braised pork shoulder taco was OK at best. It had a good marinade but I felt like it was lack luster. I also had a fish taco and it was fine. The house salsas were bland. My friend had the chicken thigh tostada that was so spicy she couldn't eat it. This is a girl that practically drinks Sriracha and she couldn't get through this plate!  The only good things about the evening was the margaritas and the guacamole.Do yourself a favorite - don't fall for the hype. There has to be a place with comparable prices, better food and a staff that actually gives a shit about the people coming to spend money at their restaurant.Oh, Big Star.  I tried my hardest not to, but it seems I have fallen in love with you.My dining companion and I arrived at Big Star at 9pm on a Wednesday night.  We expected a wait, and weren't surprised when the (not rude, rather pleasant) hostess told us it could be upwards of 2 hours before we're seated.  We made our parents proud when in our heads that meant "Let's drink at the bar for a couple hours!"  The bartender was very helpful, suggesting a few different brews when we told him what we liked.  We had fun people watching and only 3 Liberty Ale's later were we called for our table.  Being  young alcoholics-in-training, we ordered a pitcher of Whiskey Lemonade which arrived at our table in 64 ounces of deliciousness.  It was strong and I was tickled by the perfect ice cubes.  Our appetizer, Queso Fundido came out quick, but it seemed a bit overcooked.  The flour tortillas that accompanied it were a little tough too, making me think it was already prepared.  But when it comes down to it, a bowl of melted cheese is a bowl of melted cheese and who doesn't love that?Based on other yelp reviews, I decided I had to try the tacos de panza.  I ordered for the both of us, because I'm all HBIC like that.  I can't say anything that hasn't already been said about these tacos.  They're effing delicious.  The pork is crunchy but tender, and the whole taco just screams "I'm happy, I know it, and if I had hands, I'd clap them."   We also tried that night's special:  chorizo and potato tostadas.  They were good, not great, a little over-seasoned.  But they made up for it with real crema, queso fresco, and a whole lotta cilantro.  I wanted to try the dulce de leche milkshake but I was really full.  Our server was really nice and was okay with us sitting there and getting sloppy on lemonade well after we finished eating even though I'm sure she would have rather turned the table.  I love you, Big Star.  I've given up late-night Flash Taco booty-calls and will be visiting your pick up window in the not-so-distant future.Big Star Fish Tacos changed my life in that no other food to ever touch my lips since eating them has been even approached their sent-from-the-gods delectability.That's all there is to say.  I heart Big StarI'll start with the bottom line: good tacos, but I don't get the hype and not worth a huge wait.I had been so excited to try this place after hearing how amazing it was.  Since I got off work early on a Friday, we headed over there and were happy to find out it was going to be a quick wait.  A couple minutes after getting drinks at the bar, we were seated.  We ordered the fish tacos, tacos al pastor, and the walking taco.  The fish was just "meh", the other two were solid (the walking taco would be AMAZING after a long night of drinking).  The guac was good too.  I was happy with the meal and the price, but I've definitely had tacos that were just as good elsewhere.  For basically no wait it was good, but nowhere near two-hour-wait good.OK, I have seen a few other people say the same thing, but i am going to say it also. Don't close you kitchen early.  That really sucks.  It happened last night and its really annoying.  Granted it was the night before thanksgiving, but they had a good crowd, and people were still drinking.  But it seems to happen often, and that's why i am mentioning it.  Pissed me off.The Tacos are small but delightful.  They are flavorful and interesting.  I actually was there twice yesterday, once at 5pm, and then later at 12:45am.  I had 5 tacos, and I could have had a few more.  As i said, they are on the small side, but they only cost $2 (some $3).  I sampled their Violet Hour label Buffalo Trace whiskey.  Apparently they visited the distillery and were allowed to pick out their own cask of whiskey.  I tasted their as well as the one you can buy in a store.  There is a small difference.  The best drink I had was the Tequila.  I can't remember the name, but it was in a tall bottle and i drank it straight.  Amazing.  Libby the bartender picked it out for me.  If you need recommendations or help with the menu, just ask.  The staff seems to be pretty knowledgeable.  Next time I am trying the Buffalo Trace moonshine.  Sounds dangerous.Seating sort of sucks.  Lets hope the patio rocks when they get it open.    I'll go back for more tacos after work when its not crowded, but its too crowded and cramped at night.This place really is on the verge of awesome, but it has some major drawbacks. Seating: either bring in the troops for an oversize booth, or work on your balancing skills by sitting along the skinny-bar-height ledge that goes around the room, or sit at the bar and have the bartenders ask you every 2 minutes if you're ready for another drink.Cash only: wft? Who does this?! Thanks for offering $3ish options because that's probably the max of change I can dig out my purse for you.Ok. That being said....Staff was very friendly when they weren't being too persistent. Very knowledgeable.Good beer selection. Bourbon means nothing to me so I guess that doesn't count. Fried plantain french fry things....tooootally awesome. I'm also a HUGE fan of salty-limey-chips and guac.Oh...and I recommend getting there before 6 on any weeknight otherwise don't bother.I have downgraded my Big Star review, but only by one star. The food is still amazing. The guacamole was flavor-packed, full of lime (without it being overpowering), and a decent portion for $8. The pork belly tacos are still some of the best things I've ever ingested. The pastor tacos are good, but not quite up to the level of the pork belly (panza), AKA perfection. I tried their pinto beans recently, and though I wish they were a bit less liquid-y, they were plenty smoky and -you guessed it- flavorful.I just can't give this place five stars, you see. It's so pretentious and takes itself so seriously that it makes me want to roll my eyes rather hard. From the condescending hostess (with her not-British-not-American accent) scoffing at the idea that we'd want a table, to the cash-only policy, to the very limited menu...I don't know. It all seems very "we can do whatever we want, even if it annoys you, because our food is good." That's fine, but it's annoying. Take credit cards from the hipsters and Mexican food lovers who crowd your place at all hours. Act like you're happy to see customers (you will live, I promise!). Of similar annoyance is their prices - not high enough to be obnoxious, but just a hair above what you want to pay - but you will pay it anyway because it's not THAT bad.I will probably come here, but various aspects of it are frustrating. Luckily, the food is not. (Neither is the limeade!)(I should also mention that I've never sat down at the actual restaurant - just the take-out window/its picnic benches. Getting into the actual restaurant is a ~*~scene~*~ not unlike the late-night clubs in River North that Big Star probably wants to be a little.)Big Star is the Fleet Foxes of Chicago eating and drinking establishments: everybody knows that it's the definition of hipster, but it's so high quality that people can't get enough. All of the tacos are delicious. My favorite is definitely the pork belly; perfectly seasoned pork roasted crisp, sauced simply, and topped with queso fresco. However, the fish (lightly battered and fried tilapia with cabbage and chipotle mayo) and al pastor (sumptuous grilled pork/lamb with pineapple salsa) are also spectacular, and all go well with both of the restaurant's homemade salsas. The guacamole and tostadas (pig feet tostada currently on special is the BOMB) are excellent augmentations to the tacos..Drinking here is always awesome - Big Star has been partially responsible for many of my best nights out/embarrassing stories. Micheladas (tecates with salted rim and salsa) are divisive, but more often than not I find them delicious. Furthermore, it is impossible to argue with $3 shots of whiskey, all day, err day. Outdoor seating and seating-independent taco stand are also huge pluses, although during the 8 months out of the year when the weather stinks neither is a huge perk.In summation: I love to make fun of Big Star for its hipster vibe as much as the next guy, but it's definitely unique, and is one of my favorite places in Chicago. An absolute must!The Sonoran hot dog is gods gift to man. Seriously. Perfect amount of heat/spice. The drinks here are great, too. I ordered the house margarita (which is on the rocks, lovely) and although it was only about 2pm I definitely got a decent buzz just from the one drink. Chips and guac are great but a little pricey. Overall this is what you'd expect from a trendy place that's supposed to be "cheap". It's not crazy expensive but it's definitely no $2 taco stand.Only complaint is that some of the tables are so packed in that I barely fit into my seat and kept bumping into the people at the table next to mine.Oh and just as a side note since a review popped up regarding those who have eaten "real" Mexican food growing up, I'm dating a die-hard Texan who also "grew up" with "real" Mexican food and he still loved this place. I didn't really come in here expecting traditional/authentic Mexican food, anyway.Came here for lunch on a Monday and we were actually able to get a table, but it was still very busy!  We didn't have even close to the same service experience as others...our waitress was attentive and the people that delivered the food were efficient.  Didn't have to wait long at all for anything.  We tried: Chips and guac: very goodQueso: kind of on the greasy side, but also very goodSonoran hotdog:  this was actually my favorite thing, it was kind of spicy with all kinds of yummy toppingsPastor tacos: this was my favorite taco and I'm normally not a fruit + meat kinda person, but the pineapple worked really wellPanza (pork belly): not bad, but not quite as tender, juicy as I thought they would bePescado: valiant effort...again, the bar is high as a transplanted San Diegan, but these were pretty decent.  Yes, there are tons of hipsters with their ironic beards and mustaches, but who cares?  The food is tasty, the patio is amazing and you can't ask for much more on a perfect day in Chicago.Having a long day? LOVE it. Love the atmosphere and crowd they draw in. I recommend their Micheladas & their TexMex Al Pastor tacos. A must!Positives: Pork belly Tacos (must try them!)Ancient, Ancient Age (only found in Kentucky or at Big Star) - carmelly yummy bourbon that is good all year roundNegatives: Micheladas - just okay. They have salsa in them?Wait time - 30 min or longer,and in the winter the space inside is not so big. Better to visit during the summer months, or get food to go.Overall this place was good, though I live next to 3 taco joints on Chicago Ave with cheaper prices and less wait time. I will visit Big Star when I have a craving for the pork belly and the people watching (hipsters abounding). Otherwise I'll stick to my hood for a better Michelada and quicker wait.Having fallen in love with the Publican over the last few years, I couldn't wait to visit Big Star with my rare weekday off from work. With a late 11:30 lunch opening, I spent a good 20 minutes waiting in my car outside playing angry birds and watching tirelessly for meter maids. Needless to say, I was determined to eat here.The place smells amazing. Five stars alone for that. It's similar to the smell at Girl & The Goat as it engulfs you, gets in your clothes, and you go home wishing you were still sitting in the restaurant. It's heavenly. And the music...I could have sat there all day eating spicy tacos and listening to Waylon Jennings over the speakers. Big Star has a vibe about it that is nothing less than great.The food. The guacamole was good but I prefer my own version. It had plenty of lime but needed more chile pepper to round out the flavor and give the heat that was lacking. I went with 3 tacos: the potato, pork belly, and the al pastor. I actually didn't care for the al pastor taco. The pork was rubbery, tough and chewy which isn't anything like what you should be served. A bit of a disappointment. The potato and pork belly tacos on the other hand were very good. I'd order them again over the al pastor but would look into other menu options on a return visit.I settled in with a can of Tecate at the bar this morning and enjoyed the music. It's a fun place. No, I wouldn't wait in line for a table at 7 PM but for an afternoon lunch it was a nice change from the restaurants I frequent. I'd go back.I always thought Big Star was ok and a decent place to hang out with friends over ok food and a few drinks until the other night..Let me start off by noting, I saw OK food, I have had over a million tacos in my life since I love and crave them constantly and have tried countless tacos place in Chicago, the US and in Mexico. The tacos are VERY pricey at $3 and really aren't that great. I would say if you want an expensive good taco go to Antique Taco not too far away in Wicker Park. My boyfriend is Mexican and said they are the almost one of the shittiest tacos he's ever had. Also the horchata, YUCK! Don't even try it, it's disgusting. Stick with a margarita or tecate here. Secondly, I can't quite understand the hype here. As noted above the food isn't that great. I can only assume people line up here since the outdoor atmosphere is nice at a prime location near the Damen blue line.Speaking of lines, my last visit, I had a friend in from MI so I figure why not show her 6 corners starting at Big Star then heading to Violet Hour. I put our name down for a table for 3 (boyfriend was with us) and gave number they said we could walk around. When it was our time for a table, a very rude and I'm thinking racist man wouldn't let my boyfriend in since he wasn't right next to my side while putting our names on the list. Now I'm not just assuming the racist part as he let others though to be seated who weren't all there when putting their names on the list. He told my boyfriend to go to the back of the line but he would seat my friend and I. I was terribly offended and my party left since I cant stand anyone who is the slightest bit racist considering I spend most of my time learning and respecting other cultures.Big Star, please hire more respecting staff and look into bettering your food!stopped by the takeout window for dinner at 8PM on a weeknight.  For $20 we weren't really satisfied (they are very tiny portions) so I can't recommend for a full meal, but I would happily eat their stuff when out boozing/snacking.  Limited menu (tacos, tostados and chips/salsa) but the items are well made and tasty.Can't wait to go back and drink/eat here - it looks like a lot of fun.So ok. I could have been the first YELPER to review this place but I am very glad I didn't.  Because the only time I got great service was the day BEFORE it opened.   Yes, Paul Kahan is a genius and his food is always spot on.   And everything he touches turns to gold and is a huge success.  He's a great person and a great chef. Unfortunately I don't think that the service there is good at all.  They are just banking on the fact that the food will speak for itself.   And the food, yes is quite good. Inside the bar when it's busy is awkward to walk the space at best.  Small. The only time I am going to go there is to go up to the Taco Window and get the food myself and then get out as fast as I can. The worst part was eating outside on the first day it was open.  Um, Some sort of shade?  Hopefully that will get fixed and there will be some sort of covering so you don't leave with a wicked farmers' tan like I did. As it's a new business, maybe things will improve. I like to be positive but right now it's just another trendy place for people to be "See and Be Seen".    I'd rather eat and be eating.Dropped by on a Monday night around 11:30 after checking out Washed Out at the Empty Bottle and was pleasantly surprised by the low key crowd. We were served almost immediately, the drinks were stiff and the bartenders were friendly. My compadre, who hadn't yet tasted their delectable tacos engorged himself and washed it all down with what was a very, very good Old Fashioned. Having come here for dinner at a more reasonable hour, I can now say with assurance that it is a totally different spot late in the evening. With the crowd of people with dayjobs having dispersed to their comfy beds its the crowd of service industry/bloggerheads/musicians/ the un/underemployed/grad students who don't have to be up at 8 am that keep the place abuzzin ever so slightly in that perfect way. Call me obnoxious but thats my crowd and the bartenders seem to loosen up when they recognize their fellows. Yes, Big Star, you have redeemed yourself in my humble, unimportant eyes.Ah, the Wild West. The sun-soaked Arizona desert in 1880. Tumbleweeds. Revolvers. Arrowheads. Pistols. Whiskey. Tacos.Mmm, the city. Smog-drenched Wicker Park in 2010. Hipsters. Ironic Country Music. Impressive Interior Design. Whiskey. Tacos.This odd restaurant (with almost no room for indoor sit-down dining) must be converted from an oil-change station? IDK, it kind of looks like that. The bartender was really really nice and helpful, suggesting beers based on what we were enjoying, making whoop-ass micheladas.... Earnestly explaining the presence of a country-style-cover-songs-of-beatles-hits album behind the bar...After hanging out at the bar for a while and spending too much on (admittedly worth-it) beer, we were seated outside. Our waitress was really really nice and helpful, maybe she is a sibling to the bartender.The whiskey selection is great. Solid five out of five stars. The End.Oh wait...THE TACOS! DAMN THEY'RE GOOD AND CHEAP!!!111``!~one1Judging by the crowd at the place I am 100% convinced that anyone who calls out the tacos on yelp is just doing it because it's not "cool" to give anything your 100% support unless (a) nobody else does or (b) it really is just that damn good.Well the tacos here aren't just-that-damn-good... But for the price, they beat the platinum pants off of nearly anywhere else where tacos are only 3 bux or less... So that's worth the five stars alone.There's a walk-up window too. I imagine that soon-ish I'll be stopping around here on the way home for tacos-2-go!PRO-TIP: Have yourself a michelada or three as an appetizer.Pros- Delicious tacos and tostadas. I had the al pasor, poblano, and fish tostada. It was delectable. The guacomole was also very tasty and the drinks--I had a margarita--had a kick!Cons-Until my visit to Big Star, I was undecided on the issue of asking patrons to leave in order for another guest to be seated. Well, now I feel there should be a time limit. We waited four hours to be seated. Every single table had been seated since our four hours began. They finished their food 45 minutes to an hour and finished their drinks at least two hours into it. They were just sitting and lollygagging.I think that it is rude to the establishment and other patrons to hog seats. The establishment loses business if people decide to leave and eat elsewhere while these customers, who have completed their meals, just hog seats. The customer should not have to wait that long. I know we could have simply went somewhere else but that does not take away from the fact that it is rude to lollygag while other paying customers are ready to eat.Big Star's entire sound system is hooked up to a record player, there is a full whiskey bar, strong margaritas and guac.oh.yeah.My sis and I went here after she got out of work on Friday and I basically never wanted to leave.  It was pretty crowded, but everyone was really chill and friendly so it wasn't bothersome.There should be a bar like this in every city... where is Boston's?Their tacos are okay. But I'd come back for their chips and guac. I really enjoy the lively crowd this place attracts. Outdoor seating is a plus.The biggest issue here is how packed it gets. I've actually tried coming here a few times but could never get a table. Finally got to try it during non-rush hour and sat at the bar.Tip: cash only.3.5 starsTasty tacos. You can't go wrong with the Panzo and Pescada. The tacos cost 3 bucks each and 3 of them will get the average person full. Not too bad...The guac dip is great to share with a group. 7 bucks though. Big Star is a happenin' place, but so very crowded. Expect long waits on the weekend.  Still, the bartenders get the job done. When it gets busy, the service is wack, yet we still come crawling back for more... Hope they don't become a victim of their own success.Yes, the wait for a table at 7:30 on a Tuesday night was pretty long (we were told it would be an hour, and it was).  Yes, it was crowded inside at the bar while we had a drink and waited for a table to open up.  But there's actually a good amount of space to wait inside, and we could have gone elsewhere to wait--they took my phone number and called me when a table opened up.  The margaritas we drank while we waited were delicious, and the people-watching was very entertaining ("Do you think she *meant* to do that thing with her hair?").  Once we were finally seated, the food was well worth the time invested.  The al pastor tacos were terrific and the pork belly tacos were even better than that.  The guacamole was marvelous.  The salsas were tasty, although they didn't offer the chunky pico I'm used to--thinner sauces, but flavorful.  Limited menu, but what they do, they clearly do very well.  Service was attentive when we needed it, but the server let us linger at the table with our pitcher of margaritas, in spite of how busy it was.  We never felt rushed away from the table we'd waited for, which seemed fair.  All in all, a very positive experience.Oh!  Almost forgot--the place is cash only and won't split tabs.  So, you know...plan accordingly.Real good food, especially the hot dog! Its all super spicy and wrapped in bacon and in a really nice roll, soft but a nice crust to it. Their queso fundido is so yum too, but thats because its so damn fattening and full of porky spicy yumminess. Drinks are good too. They always have some really nice special cocktail using a familiar elements but with a twist, like green chartreuse in a cucumber margarita. Just good stuff. Nothing too fancy, but on trend and super solid.And its always fun sitting on the patio too, its perfect for people watching ;pThe bar is fun too, but as long as you got a seat, otherwise its mega mega cramped when youre just standing.Had to come back to big star for the fish taco! I also got  the Al pastor but I didn't really like the pineapples, so I'll pass on that next time! Never been here at night and this place was packed so we went too the little window on the right, but its cash only!If you want drinks afterwards go to three violet room across the street.. Its the boarded up whale! You should see a line too get in!Believe the hype, the tacos are delicious.  I've had better margaritas in my day, but the food made up for it.  Get beer instead.  The only problem, really, is that the patio tables are too close together and there aren't enough umbrellas.  This isn't cool when you're sitting next to a table of idiots who peaked in high school but didn't get the memo.I'm digging it. I just got one beef, the bartenders, in particular the females, tend to "forget" what the prices are for certain things. Three times I have been overcharged for beverages and three times I had to do the math for them. Are they slow or clever?Double check.A-ok fits the bill.A bit like sitting in a hot parking lot, surrounded by patio tables with blaring Southern 60's Rock and being served shitty beer. Wait. It's not a bit like that, that's what it IS. Quite a Douchebag factor as well...but for the Life of me - I couldn't figure out why so many people were flocking here. Food was less than remarkable, service not terribly great...I suppose if you're there for the long haul, you like sitting in the sun with music so loud you can't have a conversation with people at your table. and lining up to get into a Parking Lot...this is the spot for you!Viva mini taco's!!!Margaritas were delicious as they washed down my pork belly tacos. Yummy tacos, fun atmosphere and music. I'd expect nothing less from one of the owners of Violet Hour which is across the street. . .Since I've recently been trying my very best to avoid the six corners area, it took me a while to find this place.  I was brought to Big Star by a friend who lives down the street and who isn't bothered my 21 year old hipsters as much as I am.  But I'm glad he decided to bring me here.  I was thoroughly impressed.  It was a beautiful day, and so we sat at a table outside, surrounded by an absurd amount of outdoor seating.  We ordered margaritas and an appetizer, along with guacamole and chips, and followed with tacos.  HOLY HELL, PEOPLE!  The food is SO good!  I was blown away.  My mind was BLOWN.  Completely blown.  I didn't expect it at all.  And, well, let's just say I was fairly toasty after two margaritas.  The place seems to be perpetually packed full of interesting-looking people.  They card at the entrance to the outdoor seating, therefore I think they don't serve minors food after a certain time.  Because of the expansive outdoor area, I recommend putting off your trip to Big Star for a warm, sunny day.  The portions are small, but man, they're damn good.  Four stars.The menu is short and sweet.  Not a roundup of all the usual suspects; tacos take center stage here.  Big Star does only a few things and they do them extraordinarily well.The "de panza" crispy pork belly are a must try.   Yes, pork belly is showing up everywhere but these are a standout.  Pineapple in the "al pastor" create an ingenious sweet/savory combination.  Guacamole was okay.  Had it the first time but not necessary on subsequent visits.  Awesome green salsa.Food comes out quickly with everyone's order on the same plate.  Drinks are slow.  Even for beer.  All service issues seem to come from the bar and not the kitchen.  Servers are hipster-of-the-Hopleaf-ilk, marginally friendly and too cool for you.  At least they don't rush you.Every time I've been here I've sat on the patio.  Great ambiance to enjoy a leisurely meal.Prices are extremely reasonable.  Tacos go for between $2-$3, $1 beer option daily, $7 margaritas aren't a steal but they're good.  Cash only.  That's not an endorsement or a critique, just a statement of the facts.Great place.  Do not miss it.I'm not a fan of waiting or huge crowds, even with dynamite food.  Here's how I like to do Big Star.1. Order at the to-go window2. Get 2-3 tacos and a Mexican soda (al pastor is my fave)3. if you're with a few people the guac is excellent to share4. dig in at a nearby picnic table or standing tableThese tacos are worth it, if you cut out the hassle of waiting forever for a patio table.Tacos?  Yeah, ok.  They are interesting...tasty even.   Advice?  Skip the patio and just grab them to go.  You'll be thankful you did because.......Service?  HORRIBLE.  Apathy abounds at this place, and the played out "lucky you have a table" gab was enough for me to leave a 10% tip (absolutely rock bottom unheard-of terribleness)  We get it: cool location, cool patio, tons of uber-awesome yuppies and hipsters drinking Lone Star and PBR bottles.  Unsubcribe. I'd love to say I'd go back, because I actually liked some of the food, but I cannot let complete and utter apathy and incompetence be rewarded.Pass.  You should too.LOD 11Okay - the Tacos are Solid!!  Before and after a few pints!!  Just remember to get the spicy pickled veggies located on the counter to enjoy with your tacos.Super yummy and creative vegetarian tacos. Service was really fun and knowledgeable about the food. Guac was delicious, I wish it were less expensive ($8?!) and they served more of it. We went on a really busy night and the bar was packed. We had to wait about 45 minutes for a table, but got Tecates with salt and lime at the bar and had a blast. Food was delicious. I want to come here everyday...why so pricey!I must say.. before I went here I heard that it was "amazing".  Well.. I think i might have expected too much.  It was very good especially their Fish Tacos, and their pork belly tacos.. but.. I didn't like the fact it was cash only.  Each taco was $2 dollars ish.. that added up quick.I would definitely go back.. but I wouldn't say it was the best place ever.Yummy food, yummy booze!  We had a little bit of a wait but we lucked into two seats at the bar.  A few margs and tacos and a few more margs, made for a great Friday night.  Stick with the pork tacos, they were delish.  I love lamb but in a taco, it is kind of strange.  The queso was great!  Hot, spicy, meaty, cheesy definitely NOT low-cal.Get there early, the place was packed already at 7pm.  Looks like they will be adding outdoor seating with the warm weather...Sunday Funday!I would have given it 5-stars, except the lines are out of control. Sometimes being that crowded is just a turn-off. Good food, beer, and drink specials. Friendly, efficient staff. Amazing outdoor seating set up. Basking in the sun on a beautiful summer day with tacos and whiskey = perfection.Friends of mine invited to grab some grub and beer after work. I must caveat this review and state that I am not a hipster nor do I ride a "fixie" bike to work.Location: Wicker Park, what can I say, its in Wicker Park, nuff said.No parking lot.Ambiance: Nice people, its in Garage, it can get a little loud, but in summer they have very nice outdoor seating.Service: Slow, be patient, depends what you order.Food/Drinks: Guacamole, excellent, perfectly seasoned, good chips.Pork Belly Tacos, fatty, tastey.Tacos Al Pastor, made traditional syle with pinapple slices. Good but the tortillas were a little dry and were not heated.Drink(s): chilada, I probably had 6 of these. What is it? There version has cold beer, salted rim, lime juice, and their homemade chili sauce. Very refreshing and I prefer it over their weekly $3 whiskey shots. Don't wait for a table, look for a place near or at the bar.The food will eventually come so, relax, drink a Chilada, and chat up some hipster women...Overall, kind of hyped, good for a beer and a snack, not a great atmosphere for a formal dinner, but a nice starting point for a long nite of boozing.I've been a loyal Big Star patron from day one.  I do love the drinks and the tacos and the queso are some of the best in the city.  (The guac/chips underwhelm-- save your $5.00 for another Chelada.)This review however is specific to their catering business.  We placed an order with Big Star for a corporate lunch meeting in an attempt to be creative and wow our lunchers with something other than the standard sandwich.  We requested lunch be delivered no later than 11:45am for a 12pm meeting.  It was delivered at 12:45p.With each phone call to Big Star I received an excuse as follows: --11:52am -- The driver is late due to the rain/weather (It rained at 9am this morning)  They will be there in 10 minutes.--12:10pm -- My assistant received a note that the driver had been in an accident. Yet the food was expected by 12:20am.12:25pm -- It had arrived...according to Big Star -- still no where to be found.12:40pm -- The food arrived.  However serving utensils, plates, napkins, etc. had not.  There was nothing to serve with even though it had been requested.  To top it all off the driver boldly told me I needed to tip him in cash.  The entire hour the food was in transit the Big Star staffers threw excuses our way. They also took zero responsibility because they use an outside delivery service. This is unacceptable for an established restaurant company as well as anyone that offers catering services.  In the end, the money was completely refunded.  However, it did not save our business lunch.  Beware if you're considering using Big Star for catering services -- the "too cool" vibe in the restaurant translates to their catering service.  A better option -- Cantina Laredo downtown gets it right.  Food was beautifully presented, they bring chaffing dishes and silver bowls and linens....for the same price!  It's a much better option.Another one of my must stops when visiting Chicago, though I don't think it warrants the wait that often accompanies it. Though I tend to believe no one's food is really worth waiting more than 15-20 minutes for. Menu highlights for me include:Queso Fundido - I love anything with chorizoTaco de panzaTacos al pastorSonoran hot dog - has to kick to it be forewarnedI really liked this place. The tacos are great, the drinks are pretty good, and strong. The only downside it that its cash only (who does that nowadays). Apart from that I will def go back, the outdoor space can't be beat!Amazing Mexican food.  One of my new favorite spots in Chicago.  I highly recommend going on an empty stomach.  Make sure to book reservations because the place does get packed and the wait might take a while.Just a few words...the bar is stocked with Pappy Van Winkle bourbon. It doesn't get better than that.Obnoxious.You wait 3 hours for pretty good tacos.  Actually, scratch that "pretty good" part.  The Fish Tostada was a huge disappointment and the much ballyhooed Pork Belly Taco was greasy.  Their guac is good and the Tecate with salsa was the redeeming point to the evening.In defense of the waitstaff, considering the capacity, I thought they did a fine job.Special shout out to the ladies that gave us the stink eye when we got our table:  How is it fair that we got a table?  You mean besides the obvious waiting for 3 hours?  Maybe it's because we were the only ladies in the place that weren't sporting fake enhancements.  Oh, snap!  No I didn't!I know it's in the middle of Hipsterville, so I can forgive the wait, but I spent most of the evening staring in to space since I couldn't hear anyone.Is this place almost always packed? Yes.Does the "no reservations" policy suck? Yes.Are the tacos worth putting up with this? YES. DUH. OMG.Still the best fish tacos in Chicago, I straight up, unabashedly love this place.How much do I love it? I have been there a few times now and not once have I arrived early enough to sit. No, not even at the bar. But their policy is that if you have room to set down a plate, you can order, so I did. I stood and I slammed down my amazing tacos and had a great beer and I will keep coming back for more!!Obviously, this isn't going to work for everyone, but the place is popular because it's so good; you just have to deal with it. They have take-out so if you can't handle the wait or the standing, get it to go.I guess a lot of people have problems with the staff, but that has never been the case for me. The bartenders and servers have always been incredibly nice and helpful! It's so worth checking out if you love tacos!Friends: The jig is up!  Big Star has foiled my elaborate taco caper.  You see, I came up with what I thought was a foolproof scheme to get a fish taco without paying for it.  It went something like this:  I would frequent Big Star once or twice a week for approximately six months to build a 'reputation' as a 'reliable regular customer.'  Then, one fateful night, I would get my usual two taco order for takeout and then eat them both.  But then a couple days later, I would PRETEND that they'd accidentally given me only one of my two tacos.  Next time I went in, I'd politely ask for a $3 credit since I got shorted the last time, and--suckers that I thought they were--they'd give me a FREE $3 TACO.  But fellow taco banditos, be warned: they are on to this scam. I thought this review was helpful, funny, and cool.In the interest of full disclosure I should tell everyone that one of my favorite past times is making fun of hipsters.  Skinny jeans, fixed gear bikes, PBR, etc. it's all fair game.  That being said I had no problem getting over the overwhelming hipster presence at Big Star because the food was great and the drinks were even better. The bartenders are borderline fanatical about mixing cocktails.  If you are at all skeptical about Big Star I recommend going in and ordering an Old Fashioned.  Anyone that takes as much care in mixing something as simple, and conversely simple to screw up, as an Old Fashioned gets an A++ in my book.  Even better the bartenders were beyond knowledgeable in regard to the massive bourbon selection. The tacos were no slouch either.  The pork belly tacos were excellent, we'll just say I had more than one, and at $3 a taco they were a great deal.  Food is good, Drink is good, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly what more could you ask for?Fun For Food and Drinks But The People Watching is Grand Dinner TheaterI enjoyed my tacos and salad. My drink was good and a little playful. We got seats at the bar instead of coping with the exorbitant wait. I found the décor charming and humorous. The best part of the bar is by far the people watching - hilarious hipsters is an understatement. I think that it's an amusing place to go in the summer and a reasonable value all and all.TAKE OUT WINDOW  review b/c it was a 2 hour wait for a Wednesday night in the restaurant area.3 Stars for the Food:  I had the Tilapia, al Pastor, and Panza/ Pork Belly taco. Pork Belly was by far my favorite. It was a tad salty but still delicious and flavorful.  The al Pastor was okay. I know that al Pastor marinade usually contains some pineapple or juice but I wasn't a fan of all the pineapple chunks. The Tilapia was really bland. I feel like the sauce needed something.We also ordered a side of chips for $3. The chips were solid but when you say salsa, I always imagine a tub of salsa and I ALWAYS get disappointed when it's just  the green and red sauce. To me that is sauce and is not salsa. 4 Stars for the Area. This place is excellent to be on a perfect Chicago night. The lighting is pretty and it's big and open. We didn't have to wait at all for a seat at the community tables so it was nice to just hang out there for a while. I guess I give Big Star 3.5 stars. Sorry I felt like rounding down today.Hugh meh for me and my meat eating companion.  The food overall was just simply meh and to top it off they accidentally sprinkled meat into my vegetarian taco.  For serious?  They replaced the taco and then charged us for two (which they fixed once we complained).  Overall, both my friend and I didn't see what all the hype was with this place and it's lackluster food, so we both won't be back.Appreciated the walk-up window and picnic tables and had mixed reviews on the tacos. Horchata was horchataLoved the chicken taco and everything about what it was topped withWanted soooo badly to love the fish taco, but it was soggy and not very flavorfulAnd the pork was just eh, didn't hate it, didn't love itWould go back if I was in the area and give them a second chance, especially to try a margarita and soak up the people watching on the patio, but not rushing back any time soon.Service is terrible. Al pastor tacos are great. Patio seating is the most appealing aspect of Big Star. If I go here I usually get the food to go so I don't have to deal with the waitstaff. There are better places in the area to go to like Las Palmas and Takito if you are looking for great Mexican food with exceptional service.i remember going to the lounge across the street and thinking, "wow, i've gotta check out that taco joint across the street." it seemed full of energy, long lines of people waiting for tacos, and great outdoor patio. fast forward three weeks later when i actually did go to big star with two friends. i ordered:- guacamole and chips $8: i loved the guac and chips here. they give you a nice heaping cupful of guacamole and the chips were delicious as well. they tasted like they had been sprinkled with lemon salt (almost like chipotle chips but better because these actually tasted fresh)- taco de pescado $3: being from san diego, i've gotten spoiled when it comes to fish tacos. there's just something lovely about the tangy crisp bite of the cabbage slaw and the mellow butteriness from the beer-battered fish that makes my tongue say, "yeah!" having said this, i felt this taco was lacking. i understand that street tacos are a little smaller in size, but this one was teeny-tiny. "how many bites does it take to get to the center of the taco de pescado?" "one and a half." i think $3 for this is a little steep, especially considering that the taco is just blah. there are better street tacos in the area that are cheaper in price than this. - walking taco $2: again, not very impressed by this. it reminded me of the haystack cafeteria meal i used to get as a kid (chili cheese fritos). it took me back, but it's something i can make at home for cheaper.overall, the service was good and the casual ambiance was great, too. in the end, i felt like that's what i was paying for, not the food.First visited Big Star last Saturday shortly after they opened for the day.If I was rating this restaurant based only on food, I would give it four stars for the amazing fish taco and interesting red salsa. However, I have to give only three stars because of the terrible customer service...My husband and I met up with an old friend for lunch and upon our departure we noticed the wait staff rolling their eyes and mouthing that they were so glad we were finally leaving (apparently they thought we enjoyed our lunch for too long). I wish I could say that I would return to this restaurant and/or bring a group of friends, but I will not return after the experience we had.You can get more flavorful food and friendly service at Taco Joint in Lincoln Park.First of all, the margaritas and tacos are awesome, but just not worth the hassle and rudeness.  I live within walking distance and will go here (from now on) only when it's not super busy.  This last weekend I tried to take a friend there.  We put our name in and phone number, they told us it would be an hour and a half wait and they would call us when our table was ready, so we went to the nearest bar to have a drink and wait.  We went back after an hour and 15 minutes to check and we were told it would be at least another hour.  That is annoying, but what are you going to do?  People like to take their time here.  On our way back out the door the bouncer pushed a guy into my friend, who is a tiny 5' tall girl and then had her backed into the corner behind him while he yelled at the guy and kicked him out.  It was really ridiculous too because the guy was just trying to see how long the wait would be and the bouncers were on some serious power trips and extremely rude.  Also, we never got a call saying a table was ready.  This was just a stupid experience.Dipped in here for a drink before the Thrillist event at the Double Door last night. First off, I loved Pontiac Cafe (especially in the summer), so maybe I'm a little biased. Second off, we didn't have time to sample the food menu - which I hear is delectable - so my rating and review are only based on drinks, service and atmosphere.So let's go in order. The drinks were great. They had a small handful of great beers on tap (Goose Island's new Green Line Pale Ale, a Californian IPA, etc.) and economical-to-average for the now trendy WP area ($4 for a 12  oz. pour). I hear they have great whiskey pours, but alas, no time to try.Service was eh. Typical hipster wait staff, so it was hard to tell if they were purposely trying to not care to look cool or they were just lazy. I never had an empty glass, so I guess I can't complain.Atmosphere was cool, I'll give it that. They had great honky tonk music playing from an old turn table - good touch. The lights were extremely dim, which is cool, and the place carried over the 'I'm-drinking-in-an-old-mechanic-shop' feel that started with the ol' Pontiac. Overall, cool place to chill and have a happy hour drink - and bonus that it wasn't retardedly busy.Would I come back for drinks or food... eh, maybe. But with so many other great places to try in the city, I'm guessing the next time I come to Big Star will be during a blacked out binge in the WP nightlife scene.Big Star: Ok, ok, I'll say it -- it lives up to the hype.  The tacos are soooo delicious.  The pork belly was the biggest winner!  Margarita was muy muy delicioso.  (Tap) Beer pours are super small though.  And the crowds?  Better go early or late.. that's all I'm sayin.Protip to anyone going to Violet Hour: Grab food here first! It's right across the street and they have a walk-up window.  If you're going to be waiting in line, you might as well spend it eating delicious tacos.For only $2/$3 each, you get some of the best tacos I've ever had - definitely something I didn't expect from a bar.  I'm a lamb fan, and I almost broke into tears because how good their lamb taco was: not tough at all like lamb tends to be - instead it was tender and flavorful.  It also may have been partly because I had polished off two very strong drinks at VH without any food in me, and I was thankful to be eating.The other two tacos I had, the al pastor and pork belly, equally made me overly emotional.  I don't know why anyone would consider late night food anywhere else in this area - this is the real deal.I have not been to Big Star at night but only for lunch. I am totally impressed with the food! Fresh fresh fresh! Everything is made in house (right down to the chips and tortillas) and it come through in the taste. The guac is unbelievable; perfect texture! The salad came with a little too much dressing for my taste but a lot of people like it that way. My fault for not ordering on the side. The salad was huge and enough for three people. The fish on the tostada pescado was fresh and not fried. Pork belly taco was juicy and delicious. You can totally fill up for cheap at Big Star. $1.00 7 oz. beer? Unheard of. The atmosphere isn't anything to marvel over but with such a small space it's best to keep it clean and simple. The sky lights definitely make it seem bigger during the day.This is the perfect place to go for lunch on a sunny sunday with a bunch of friends.  Great beer, Mexican Coke (!!), delicious guac and chips, and AMAZING tacos.  Mmmm. Oh and queso fundido, which means melted cheese, just in case anyone else was wondering (now i've saved you from pulling out your blackberry to look it up during lunch.)  The service was great and friendly, and since we were there pretty early on a Sunday I think we avoided the infamous wait.  My only gripe is that the food comes out piece meal, and it took a long time to get everything. Not a big deal for a smaller group, but with 10 people, some people had eaten all their food before others had gotten any. Otherwise, delicious!Seriously? where the hell have you been all my life?I came here with my crazy foodie friend who said this place is the best. I had been wanting to try it after hearing all this hype about it .I must point out I am that girl that loves to substitute orders and I'm always pissing off staff at restaurants. I came here and I ordered  the Al Pastor I started complaining about how I wanted no onions on it and my friend said "if it's good food it will be so good you wont even notice the things you don't like" Holy moly was he right!AMAZING! We waited in line for an hour in a half and then were told it would still be another hour so we got in line and ordered our own tacos. They are always super crowded ,but this place is so worth the wait.I had heard about this place and the fact that the wait is always super long, so when I got there with my boyfriend and there were 20 parties ahead of us, I wasn't surprised, especially since the weather was perfect. We went inside to check out the bar and there were no seats there either, so we opted for the take-out bar. The tacos and tostadas were literally all $2-3 a piece. We tried the pork-belly tacos, the tilapia tostada, and lamb tacos and they were all delicious! Overall, a very cool, energetic atmosphere and I'd definitely recommend checking it out for some authentic Mexican food!UPDATE: Just went there again with my sister and we got right in! Got to try some more of their selection (including the Chorizo Potato Tostadas) and everything was delicious. Good job Big Star, you've officially earned another star from me!Let's get the awful bits out of the way first:1. TERRIBLE DOOR POLICY/CROWD CONTROLI get that this place is a) a bar and b) a place where food is served. you guys don't kick anyone out, but you don't really let a steady flow of people in, either. This is kind of a problem, not to mention really irritating. There needs to be some rules, I guess, to make sure that people aren't waiting 2+ hours (I've been told this happens to some people) to get tacos and drinks. That's just not right!2. The food was good, but a bit salty. I ordered Tacos al Pastor and shared a Sonoran hot dog. The tacos had good flavor, but the pork was a bit too salty for my taste. My friend and I ordered the Sonoran hot dog at our own risk, and that too was too salty. I get that I am not ordering 100% healthy food that won't clog my arteries, but there is a line between something that is seasoned well and tastes good but is still bad for you and something that is oversalted and bad for you. If that makes any sense.3. The noise level. OK, I know, this place is a bar. Bars are loud. But I don't enjoy screaming matches with my friends, so maybe I'll just have to find a place to sit outside instead of inside whenever I am here next.With that out of the way, onto the good:1. Service was pretty great, considering the place was jam-packed. Our waitresses/servers were so nice and chatty, and they checked up on us often but not too often, which was pleasant.2. The food and drinks are reasonably priced ($2 for tacos al pastor, $6 for a huuuuge Sonoran hot dog, $7 for bourbon and coke, $7 for a classic margarita), and are delicious even though they are drenched in sodium. Their guacamole is one of the best Ive ever tasted, and their ingredients are fresh.3. Their drink menu is amazing. Bourbon, bourbon, and more bourbon, please! And the $1 Schlitz draft (7 oz) is pretty awesome.So, this place is alright but not the best. What saves this place from being 1 or 2 stars is the mere fact that they do offer interesting food and serve good drinks. This place is also a good place to people-watch, too. I might be back in like 4 months, if I can ever manage to find an empty place to sit.Been through 2 rounds of take-out and another sit down experience.  The take out is great- decent wait times, they always pack salsa to go, and last time, I got some weird pollo sucker in my bag too!  Surprise!  Never again will I visit Flash Taco (unless it is way too late for Big Star to be open).  These tacos have flavor, and are pretty appropriately priced!Sit down was a good experience too.  Yes, there are hipsters abound, but you knew that coming into the neighborhood.  Deal with it.  Our waitress was friendly, and for the most part attentive.  She helped us make room when we had 2 more friends arrive.  Salsa - tasty! Al pastor- tasty!  Pork belly - super tasty! Tostada de chorizo - super tasty!  My only questions that remains is this- What's with the Schlitz pricing? You can get 7oz of Schlitz for $1.  Or you can get 12oz of Schlitz for $3.  As an educated consumer if i were drinking, I'd order 3 7oz glasses...do they frown upon that?Voted one of the best tacos in the city, we decided that we had to give it a whirl for ourselves.  Having seen this place being completely packed whenever evening hit, my wife and I planned a trip for lunch time to get our taco on.Tacos al Pastor - Pork Shoulder, grilled pineapple - Pineapple were an excellent touch and counter balance to the flavor, however I thought the pork would be a little bit more tender.Tinga de Pollo - Soft tender chicken, excellent flavor.  Even though it's only chicken, it's a worthwhile taco to try out.Tacos de Panza - Braised pork belly wasn't as crispy as I thought it would be, but the flavor overall was good.Beef Cheek (special) - Wow, this was excellent.  Great flavor, excellent balance of fattiness, it's a shame this is on their rotating menu instead of their regular.Tostada de Pescado - We finished on this dish and kinda wished we had found it earlier... this was by far the best dish on the menu.  Soft tender flaky fish, lots of "slaw" with an excllent cucumber-onion yogurt sauce, and some fresh avocado on top.  If you order anything, get this...Horchata - Very cinnamony, but you can definitely get far more horchata at the mom and pop shops for the price.  Verdict:  Lunch service was great, tacos were enjoyable!  This isn't the traditional mom and pop shop, and the price is definitely a higher than what you can get at traditional shops, but this taco is definitely a bit different.  Worth checking out if you don't have to fight the evening craze like others have mentioned!  One of the few drawbacks - Cash only!!!  Be warned!Really great vibe, but a miss on the drinks.On a mellow Monday night, this place was surprisingly hopping! Seemed like a steady regular crowd and with $3 buck tacos.. how could you go wrong?The staff was super friendly and cool.  The tacos were decent and tasty.  The taco al pasto was pretty tasty and unique and the chicken tostado was also good.  It's upgraded and decent bar food.But the margarita pitcher.  I'm now coming from San Diego, and I know we can throw it down on margaritas down here, but this spot's version was all too.. well bad! Maybe cheap liquor? Bad Ratio? It was bad, who knows!?! They fill the pitcher with these insane ice cubes that are HUMONGO and then give you these little glasses again with more ice cubes with hopes all that ice will water down the poorly mixed margarita.I will have to say that when we asked our server to remix the drink and they did, they did make it "better."  But after only finishing a little over 1/4 of the pitcher, we took off and found a better spot.  Plus on vibe and chill crowd, but margaritas were a no on my end.I was hoping I would be able to update my Big Star review with one that included actually trying the food ha. Came here last Monday night after a private party across the street at Violet Hour. We just got takeout from there busy takeout window, the pork belly was delicious especially for $2 a taco, yes I realize you can get two Taco Bell tacos for that price, but Big Star doesn't include sand in the meat, bonus. Don't think they cheat you when you get take out, included in my bag of one taco was two different kinds of salsa and a tin foil wrapped surprise which I put off as a Jalapeno but was pleasantly surprised to find two juicy lime slices inside. You also get dessert, a Pollito Asado lollipop (shaped like a chicken and taste like peach and Cayenne, interesting) Big Star is the perfect in between bar snack, I will be sticking to takeout from here on out, they have picnic tables so in the summer you can eat quick and then your off to your next adventure.Just 3 big stars right here... their tacos de pescado are AMAZING. This is, of course, because they consist of beer-battered tilapia and a chipotle mayo, but still tasty... they lack of 4/5th star is for portion size; $3 for a medium taco is not the best. This is the place to come if you want to have a fun conversation and not worry about being too loud. They extended the building and have a heated front addition and, even at 11pm on a Sunday night, they needed that room because it is packed. So! It's cash only, as people have noted, and the sizes aren't great, but overall taste/quality is good. I also learned that if you add whisky to horchata ($3 whisky shots every day!), you can't taste the alcohol but it definitely makes the horchata even better. Otherwise it's a bit grainy at Big Star. Trust me... this is my new drink of choice.While I've had Big Star a couple of times, it was because a friend had gotten a bunch of tacos to go. Well, I needed to finally get down here after having waffled for almost a year. I just did the walk up and got 1 each of the al pastor, de panza, and rajas de poblano. Both of the pork based tacos were great. I mean they were really really great and the pineapple in the al pastor was a great addition. The veggie taco was okay at best. I wasn't really a fan of it and it didn't do much for me.I'll need to come back repeatedly as I can't get enough of the tacos. I'll especially look forward to when it gets nice out again and the patio area gets fully opened upThe long line has gotten me disappointed at Big Star more than once since we never got to give it a go.  Today, the take-out window was open so we decided to wait (because there were twenty (20) groups of people in front of us) and eat take-away.   It's always busy and the lines are long.  Parking is kind of tricky.  It's up to you to decide if it's worth it or not.Anyway, I tried the green bean taco and the fish taco.  The green bean could have used a bit of salt to it but the fish taco makes it so I don't have to visit San Diego again.  Loved.  It.  Good amount of fish on the taco with some slaw and red onions.  Very very tasty.  Tried a bite of the husband's pork belly taco and that was pretty tasty as well.  $3 per taco and it's cash only, at least at the take-away window.  Not sure about the inside because, as previously noted, we have never been patient enough to wait for a seat at an actual table.I'd go back.  It was pretty tasty and I think at some point, I'd like to actually sit and enjoy a meal at one of the tables.Fish tacos are SUPERB. The Queso Fundido is also worth ordering, if you're a big fan of cheese. You'll find a big plate of melted cheese mixed with chorizo... yessss pleeaaase.I shared a pitcher of margaritas with four other peeps, and got a pretty good buzz off of just one drink. Worth it!!Keep in mind tho - we had to wait an hour and a half for a table. BUT, while we stood and waited, we drank and ate. There are some barrels near the front of the bar where you can set your plates and drinks. Good deal, if you're hungry and not prepared to wait for too long.Ambiance is nice - dim with red Christmas lights strung along the walls. Hit it up!Wicker Park is a little out of the way from my usual haunts, but I'm glad I stopped by on a sunny Friday.  The patio was packed, there were 6 tables ahead of us, so we opted to sit in the "indoor patio" where a seat was open.  The reviews are correct, this place is LOUD.  Not in a horrible way, I would describe it as vibrant and fun.  The patrons are charmingly hipster and the servers are offbeat.Getting our waitress' attention was difficult at times, but no complaints about the food service.  It was FAST!We got:-chips - ok, nothing special.  The "housemade salsa" was in the bottles on the table, and really wasn't anything special either.  I was worried at this point... but then...-al Pastor (pork shoulder) - good, the pineapple was a nice touchMy favorite was a tie between:-de Panza (pork belly) and-de Pescado (fried tilapia) with chipotle mayo.  Both were AMAZING!Re the tacos: these are not skimpy little things, they are packed with meat!The value can't be beat.  For chips, 6 tacos and a beer, the total was $26 plus tip.  Keep in mind they only accept cash, so hit an ATM.This is a really great place to kick off the night at... $3 fancy tacos. The pork belly one is AMAZING. Even though its always busy the wait isnt too bad and service is quick. I dig the outdoor patio on nice nights.Keepin it simple since there are a ton of reviews for this place.My husband and I stumbled upon this place after peeking in on the LONG line at Violet Hour.  A sublime find!Service was awesome.  Completely friendly and casual, we felt relaxed and welcomed.  That was a total high point of the evening. We started with the guac and chips and I was taken with the excellent quality of the guacamole.  The basket of chips is huge, but the guac is on the small side.  They do also bring over some salsas so we had no problem finishing up the chips.We ordered one of each taco.  The pork belly and the pork shoulder were so delicious, we were fighting for the last bites.  The long bean taco was not my thing, but if you're into smokey than that's probably the taco for you.I ordered the Stockyard Pony which *just* missed the mark for me, but my husbands Bakersfield Buck was excellent.  Overall, a really solid spot.  I'd definitely be a regular if I lived in Chicago.Great Tacos, Awesome bar, unbeatable prices.It does take a long time to get seated but the tacos are worth it.  In a rush?  If so, go to the food only window and you won't have to wait for a table.  Then come back and enjoy some great spirits!Been back and still a fan. This time tried the guac and chips.  Chips are nice and fresh and crispy, guac is creamy but a little too limey for my taste. The green sauce is fortified with yum. Also got to try the panza. Good but rich.  I still think the pescado tacos rock!!!The food is good, if you ever get seated. I tried to come here earlier this week (on a Wednesday around 7) with a group of four and ended up leaving after waiting for 30 minutes. Another 45 minutes later, when we had already gotten our meal somewhere else, they called to let us know the table was ready.Hour+ wait on a Wednesday? No thank you!Three words:  CHICKEN TOO SPICY!!!!! We were there on a Friday afternoon at around 2:30 pm and it was jam packed.  We sat near the bar on some stools and ordered the Pastor taco, the pork belly, fish and the lethal chicken tostada.  Just order the pastor.  THe pork belly was overdone and chewy, the fish was okay, the chicken tostada was craaaaaazy spicy (and we like our spice) but the pastor was the best.  Not sure why our meal took sooooo long, but at least it's cheap, and drinks are cold.  We would definitely go back, but would not get the chicken tostada-I mean, we're both still paying for it now - 1 day later (ewwwww).I must say I really enjoyed my tacos here. My favorites were the fish and pork belly. Definite must trys... oh and don't forget the chips and guac. ps... they have these pickled spicy vegetables that go amazingly well with your tacos!Nestled in Wicker Park, you wouldn't even know this place was called Big Star.  If you see a sign with a star on it, then you'll know you're at the right place.  You can either put your name down for a table and sit inside/outside to be served or you can order in the picnic area and sit at the picnic tables to enjoy your food.  I came here on a Monday night and it was PACKED.  I opted to sit in the picnic area and the service was quite speedy.  This place has authentic Mexican tacos but the best are the pork belly tacos - mmm mmm good.  They also offer fish, chicken, and beef tacos.  The guacamole here is creamy yet chunky and fresh with a nice hint of cilantro.  If you're in town, stop by for some tacos and enjoy it with a glass of horchata or a glass of refreshing tangy limeade.   Just remember: CASH ONLY (for food and the bar)!!"You were on No Reservations, right?" The man turned and said no and that I was mistaken. Feeling stupid, I turned away and went back to my drink. A couple of seconds later, he said, "Yes, I was. I was just kidding. Hi, I'm Paul." It was Paul Kahan of Blackbird, Avec, and Publican. Next to him was his partner, Terry Alexander.To me, this was a celebrity moment. Paul Kahan and Terry Alexander are two big names in Chicago and I was star struck. "We're a taco joint.," They both suggested the pork belly and al pastor tacos. I ordered the pork belly, al pastor, and fish tacos and all three were stellar. It was the perfect balance of flavor and textures. The smooth queso fresco and the crisp shaved radish went perfect together. The story doesn't finish there. Although the patio was closed, we snuck our drinks outside past security. We join a group of women who were enjoying tacos on the benches. Terry comes out and says, "You can't have drinks outside since the patio is closed." My friend gulps down his beer and then hands his glass to Terry right in front of his face. My heart began to race thinking that we were going to be kicked out and banned to ever step foot into Big Star.Terry didn't say anything but I could tell he was annoyed. Terry, thank you for not kicking us out or banning us from your establishment. I'm sorry for my friend's behavior.Beer, bourbon, and tacos.  What could be more American than that?Well, OK, the more churlish among us may object to tacos, but still, it is a trilogy upon which all Americans should be able to agree and rally around.So it isn't isn't surprising that even on a weekday evening in October, the bar and patio at Big Star are packed.  I'm sure the gorgeous late summer weather helps, but I can't imagine trying to eat here when the patio is not available.  Despite the crowd, on our way to the bar Lady Luck shone down and provided us with a table.  Which was a good thing, because the bar was packed and there would be nowhere for me to rest my weary bones.Even though they were slammed, our waitress showed up quite quickly and, being ravenous, we ordered food and drinks in one fell swoop -- chips and guac, three fish tacos and a margarita for Kelly, two al pastor, one pork belly taco, and a Shiner bock for me.The Guac came out almost immediately, followed quickly by the tacos.  If there was any real problem with the evening, it was that the drink orders were slow to come out - I had to resist eating the tacos until I could wash them down with sweet sweet Shiner.  Eating tacos outside, drinking Shiner, bathed in the light of a Lone Star, it evoked a pleasant nostalgia for my years in Texas.  This is one of the great patios in Chicago.But more about the tacos - quite simply, these were the best tacos I have ever had.  The pork in the al pastor melts in your mouth, the marinade is deliciously complex, and the pineapple ratchets up the flavor.  The pork belly is similarly juicy with a hit of acid from the tomato and a refreshing sprinkling of queso.  The guac is fine, with a little kick, and the chips are crispy and pleasant, but overly salted - the chips in the bottom of the basket are caked in a salt mine.As good as the tacos are, I think the secret star here is the drink selection.  Kelly's margarita was set your hair on end strong, and the bourbon selection here is among Chicago's best, especially their single barrel collection, which is around ten strong.  I'm not sure even Delilah's has that many personally selected single barrels.  After tacos, I had a taste of the Wild Turkey Kentucky Spirit barrel, and one of the Four Roses selections - the one with the higher alcohol content, of course.These two selections perfectly demonstrate the breadth of favor profiles one can find in bourbon.  Kentucky Spirit smelled of sawdust and wood shops, and immediately transported me to the rickhouses in rural Kentucky.  The bourbon was incredibly smooth but provided a warming kick down my throat.  Even Kelly, who finds most bourbons too rough and tumble, enjoyed this one.  If you keep Kentucky Spirit on your lips, it will provide a pleasant numbness.  I would expect nothing less from the Wild Turkey distillery, which excels at the roughneck style of bourbon, even in their more refined product.Four Roses, however, had a more aristocratic flavor profile, with a nose of pine cones an cedar, and smooth, citrus flavor.  I would expect this from Four Roses, where the distillery is designed in a Spanish style California Stucco mansion style.  A California wine grower or Spanish aristocrat would drink this bourbon.I would be content to spend hours savoring their bourbon selection and tacos, but demand far outstrips square footage supply.  If the owners could manage to open a second location, perhaps in a massive factory floor in the Fulton Market with a capacity of ten times or more, I'm sure they'd still make a killing.  Still, if you are able to manage a table here, you'll have an evening to remember.I love BigStar, I have been there a couple times now and every time was delicious.  The pork belly tacos are outstanding.  And the atmosphere and ambiance of the place is great too.  I love that they play records.  It's just a neat place definitely worth checking out.  It is super popular right now so if you do go, you might want to go at an off-hour time.  Or otherwise expect a wait.Itsa small cute place to eat.We went in ona Saturday evening and were told that the wait was45 minutes. So, we used this time to just walk around the flat iron district. We walked back and were seated exactly in the time specified so that was super cool since it rarely ever happens.Food : we got the fish taco, chicken tostada , potato taco and chips with guacamole. What must you get you ask? ... Holy moly guacamole..=) soooo good. Not only was it fresh, but it had just the right amount of garlic, onion, radish , cilantro and lemon juice. The potato taco is the next best thing on that menu - it had cilantro, roasted potatoes and cheese. The chicken tostada was just OK in my opinion, and the beer battered fish taco is what the bf loved-it had cabbage, fish and chipotle sauce...yummy.My only cons about this place is that it was effin cold out side and the heat lamps outside were just not cuttin it for us... Buti do understand that Ewe were stirring outside in October. My soda was kinda flat, and our server had too many tables. I enjoyed the food  but IDK , the creme on the chicken taco was not my style. If I'm going witha group,I do not mind returning:)Fish Tacos and margarita on the rocks. Yes please!!My friends and I, all from out of town, were pumped from an amazing Bruins vs. Hawks game and decided to hit-up Wicker Park for some drinks and, perhaps, meet some friendly locals. We arrived to a packed  room with a gigantic bar. The bartenders seemed a bit lax for the amount of people waiting and wanting of beverages, but we got our orders in and grabbed ourselves a menu. I think all of our pupils dilated when we saw the specials. The pork tacos and the fish tacos. Yum yum! We JUST get our drinks, when a bouncer/manager/Dude comes over and asks if we want a table... I mean, sure, why not!!?The service at Big Star really topped it off. I mean, the restaurant was so crowded, we got ourselves a booth without even asking, because the Dude was paying attention, and the waitress, although frantic, tried her best to keep us happy and fed. Really, what's not to like on a crazy Saturday night. Anyway, a good bar sets the environment for a fun night out. That's all we needed and that's what we got. Gotta love it. I highly recommend Big Star!I can't wait to go in the warmer months and sit outside for hours with my friends.I say a solid 3.5 - simply for the PORK TACOS (ahhhhhhhhh!), guacamole and Machilada (sp), which is a bloody mary made with beer instead.  All excellent, especially the pork tacos - my goodness!!!BUT, oh yes, there's a but - the prices are CRAZY!  $3 for a taco is insane and it probably takes 3 or 4 to fill me up...whhhhyyyyyy??  And guac is like $8 bucks or something.  Machilada is well-priced, but the stand-out here are those damn delicious tacos.It's usually crowded here, which makes coming with a group rather difficult, yet it's ideal for a group outing...the irony!  I shall return for the food, especially in the summer - but sadly won't allow myself to be a regular with those insane prices and my healthy appetite.Great whiskey/bourbon list. The taco, esp. the pork belly and pork shoulder ones, are good. But so are a few other good tacos places in the city (san alcohol)! so if you want good tacos and whiskey, i guess this is a place to be, unless you go to a byo taco place. But this place is always packed, and it was rare that I could snatch a table to sit down to enjoy the food.What the guac, this is the best I've ever had!This place is hoppin on a Sat. night, and of course everyone talks about the tacos. At $3 a pop though, I have to say I would hit up the street meat outside and save your money for the Guacamole! Seriously, the best quac I've ever had, and the tortilla chips were perfect (and even slightly warm).Atmosphere, this place is loud and proud and ready to get down. Definitely perfect for the hours between 11pm-Midnight when you need to get pumped for the night.Only thing holding me back from 5 are the "bouncers." EXTREMELY unfriendly, and very unhelpful about getting tables. Stick to the bar tender.Yes, do not forget your cash...but if you can remember that (they are cash only), it is a great place to hang out and drink Margaritas.  I would say there is a big difference between being on the patio during a warm day vs indoors...me preferring the patio.  I am a big fan.I love that Big Star is open late. It's a loud place, but from the masses of people talking, laughing and shouting, not the music. Service was decent even though most tables were full and they were close to the end of their shift. I like that they give you a pitcher of ice water so you can refill on your own. Guacamole: Guac is good and seasoned well. No overly salty mess of avocado here. I do wish it was a bit spicier, but spiciness is a fine line that I can understand. Some chips can be soggy while others can be perfectly crisp.Tacos de Panza: Good flavor and a generous heaping of both meat and queso fresco which goes a long way. The crispy pork belly can be a bit overcooked, however. Tacos de Pescado: The single piece of beer battered tilapia is large and remains pretty moist. Nice spicy kick from the chipotle mayo that I definitely noticed and appreciated. One of the better fish tacos out there.Horchata: Not too sweet which is a plus! And definitely can taste that cinnamon-ey goodness. Overall, I was pretty full after the two tacos and my half of the guac. Prices, IMO, are pretty reasonable, even if the actual tortillas maybe small; they throw on a good amount of meat. Definitely one of my go-tos for late night eats. I'm waiting for the weather to be nicer to fully enjoy their outdoor seating.Finally made it here after driving by many times and wondering why there were always such lines! Despite the fact that the weather was less than pleasant, we sat outside (fortunately we were able to move under the overhang before a huge rainstorm came).  Service was a bit slow, as others have noted. It was quite a while between our drinks arriving and our apps.  The quest fundido was fantastic and the guacamole was decent if mild. The accompanying chips were plentiful and flavored with a hint of lime. The "stars" we're definitely the tacos...we ordered one of each and all were impressively flavored and fresh. Vegetarian daughter also ordered the mushroom and huitlacoche flatbread which she really liked as well as the potato tacos. While the flavors are not quite as complex as XOCO, this is a good choice for a taco fix (especially on ipnday when Bayless' restaurants are closed).WONDERFUL TACOSAl fresco dining on a wonderful Chicago afternoon? YES PLEASE!My girls and I got the fish tacos and pork belly tacos, chips n guac, and the salad.I loved it all! Guac was super fresh.Tilapia tacos were good but not GREAT - nothing super different about it - they are what they are.Pork belly tacos are my soulmate - the flavor of it is magical- you just need to get your butt over there and try it, seriously!Watcha waiting for? go! :)Oh and their beer selection is s'wonderful but wish there were margaritas because I don't think I saw that sort of option on there lol.The heeeeell did I eat?Ate here after a couple of friends wanted to go back after loving it so much the first time around.  I was definitely confused as to what was so worthy of a second time around (for them).The place is cash only, the "tacos" can literally be eaten in two bites, and each taco is $3.  The ingredients of the tacos and beans (which was more of a soup-like consistency than it was a side) seemed as if they were trying too hard to stand out--think Frontera Fresca but not as good.  Good for those that like Americanized Mexican food..not so much for everyone else.Fun place & in a fun area. The staff was nice and the food was great! I am not the biggest fan of jalapenos, so I wish I did not get a Jalapeno flavored dish, but I guess I cannot hold that against Big Star.Fun place to check out with friends since many places to walk nearby after, def recommend it :-)Average. I ordered a beer and some guacamole while waiting to order. The server was rude and the guac did not taste good. Decided not to order dinner based on that. I handed her a cc and she snapped that they were cash only. Won't rush back.Unimpressed. I'm sure the food is delicious, and it's great to sit outside and eat tacos and drink crafty beer in a hip neighborhood, but oh my God, the ordeal you go through just to enter. Last time I went there was a waiting list for the waiting list. Again, eff this. Go to Taqueria Trespasada on Ashland. No beer, but no waiting - plus, the best tacos in the city.Great atmosphere for a casual lunch. I had the squash and fish taco. They were very tasty. The guac and chips were awesome. Definitely would go back for a casual drink and meal.Holy Guacamole!Yes I went there.....theres no recovering after that, so lets just move on.Let me start by saying that my boyfriend and I came here on a whim and we waited........outside.........in the snow showers (yes in April gotta love chicago).................for over 20 minutes..........to even get in...........to put our names on a massive waiting list for a table.......please read on.....we get in and its, packed like a can of tamales. We wedge ourselves in the back and wave a $20 in the air to catch the attention of our super perky and knowledgeable bartender, we order a pitcher of the most divine boozy wonderful non-sweet margaritas I've ever had the pleasure to press my lips to. The pitcher was adorned with a wooden spoon and gorgeous ice "cubes" that look like little pieces of art. We keep our eyes on all sides of the bar for a seat to open up, and eventually a nice couple near us asked if we wanted their seats because they were hitting the road (thank you kind couple) We order guacamole which was insanely killer, which came with their warm homemade tortilla chips. Then shortly after we ordered a selection of 4 different tacos which were all knee weakening, mouth wateringly fresh and delicious. My favorite was the Pescado (fish). The ambience reminded me of a Quentin Tarantino movie and I was expecting Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick & Tich or Joe Tex to come on the stereo at any minute. To sum it up I can't wait to go back and Big Star definitely tops my list as BEST dining experiences I've ever had in the Chicago area. I LOVE Big Star!!!My last trip to Big Star I had the following:Tacos al PastorTacos de PanzaQueso FundidoTo drink, Van Winkle 12 year Reserve.  Bourbon has a special place in my heart forever.I always enjoy going here and I'm a sucker for anything whiskey.  The pork belly taco is excellent and I'll go back for it any time.This place gets three stars not because the wait times are long (it's not really their fault that they are popular enough to have these wait times and out of space to put people)  but because their service has only been good 1/7 times I've been there.  The one time it was decent was when I sat at the bar inside and not out on the patio.  The bartender was attentive, polite, and helpful.  But, any time I have been seated outside in a group or even just with one other person the service sucks.  The staff seems like they're bothered by your questions and that they'd much rather be somewhere else.That aside, I do love the food.  But, maybe I'll stick to the pick up window from now on.Get the pork belly taco and horchata! Tacos are a little pricey ($3) but the meat is fantastic!!!This place cracks me up. How does a "honky tonk" survive in this neighborhood? I would have to guess the patio and tacos. It was very entertaining to see a crowd full of hipsters listening to honky tonk country music! It was very loud, but the tacos were amazing. For the most part, the bartenders were great.Flipping this place from a mechanics garage to a bar must have been the cheapest renovation to date. Slap some grey paint on the walls, add a few more simple (and I mean the most basic imaginable) light sockets, and throw a bar in the middle.Overall, I don't know if I could go back to that music - but the atmosphere was fun and don't forget about the tacos.Overall, this is a GREAT place to start off a night of drinking in Wicker Park. Bring some friends, eat some tacos, get some chips, enjoy the outdoor seating.Bigstar is based on "Texan-infused" mexican cuisine that is served QUICK. Tacos, tortas, and chips are the staples of the house. The tacos are at about $2-3 bucks a piece... which is a bit overpriced for what they are in my opinion.  BUT you can't beat the exciting atmosphere and outdoor seating in a converted car-mechanic building. Great selection of whiskeys, bourbons, and southern beers too. Here is my recommendation:  Instead of waiting for a table (which can take a while), just go to the "take-out window" and order some food directly from the kitchen.  Same prices, same food, and comes out even faster.  You MUST order the chips and salsa/guacamole. These chips come out to you Fresh, Hot, and crispy.  For only $2 bucks too!!!  Then just take your order to the little picnic benches at Bigstar, or walk a few feet over to the park... Wicker Park.This place is awesomely hip!I can't stay away from those pork tacos, the fundito or their guacamole! Amazing! Craving it right now actually.Not a fan of their margaritas or the micheladas.  I feel like they both lacked freshness and aren't flavorful. I wont be ordering off of their specialty cocktail menu again. Thank goodness for beer!Don't get me wrong. I'm obsessed with this place! I'm always in there, but I had to give them 4 stars because I'm not a huge beer drinker and I want a good cocktail list to choose from when I go out. So sorry big star! I love you!So I finally made it to Big Star last week - I'd hoped the hype would have died down by now, but not so much.First impression...  Wow, they got the Pontiac clean!  Like, bright and clean!  Nice.  Second impression...  The kitchen's where the (flooded, generally insect-filled) bathroom used to be...  Let's not think about that, shall we?Upon arrival, I asked if there's a waiting list or whatever, and was told you can only get on the list if you're a party of 4 or more.  Everyone else is first come-first served.  That seems a little irritating, but I guess I'll play along.I'm waiting for my friend to meet me, so I decide to get a beer.  Now, I get that it's a Thursday night and they're crowded, but it seriously took me 15 minutes to get a beer.  I almost texted my friend to meet me at Blue Line, cause I figured it might be faster to go over there and get a drink.  But I waited it out.  Sure enough, my friend arrives, same thing - takes FOREVER to get a drink.  Really guys?  If we have to wait ages for food, at least make sure I can get liquored up.Anyway...  on to the food.  It smelled great going by, which is the main reason I agreed to stick around.  And I have to say, it was pretty tasty by the time we actually snatched up some seats at the bar.  We started with queso fundido - good flavor, but a little on the salty side.  Still, not bad.  Oh, except that it arrived with a whopping three 3-inch diameter tortillas and an explanation of "the kitchen is a little behind on making tortillas - if you'd like another order of them, you should probably put in the order now."  Um, yes, please.I tried the pork taco, pork belly taco, and chicken tostada.   The pork belly one was fantastic, I have to say, but I wasn't impressed with the chicken tostada.  Just sort of bland.  One thing to note - if you're a vegetarian, you might walk away from this place hungry.  I hear the chips and guac are good, but I didn't notice much in the way of meat-free options.  The menu is pretty small, so non-meat-eaters might not have much to choose from.Overall, food was good, staff was not (some bordering on surly if I'm being completely honest).  If I wanted to eat here again, I'd most likely do take out to skip the rigamarole of hovering over people in the hopes that they leave and beating someone else to their seats.  The food's good, but it's not THAT good.Points for having flood-free bathrooms, though.  Never would have expected that in the Pontiac space.So wait, cheap but delicious food and drink make this place pretentious? okay, then stay downtown and waste your money.  people are people, who cares if the staff here have tattoos and piercings?  sounds like a lot of you guys are just too judgmental to enjoy a good thing when it comes along.  seriously, this place is an experience.  the tacos are works of art and the drinks are seriously refreshing and reasonably priced.A cinderblock building that serves reeeealy good tacos (among other things), plays AC/DC's Highway to Hell front to back and carries more bourbons (plus ale8one, KY holler!) than you could drink in a month? If you weren't talking about my own house then you must be talking about Big Star.I went here twice in 2 days, and the service was totally fine, even friendly. When we commented that we were bummed not to be able to get some pork belly tacos after they had stopped serving, we were pleased and surprised to be given a plate of pork belly, some tortillas and a couple of bowls of the pork-hominy stew. FUH FREE.Protip: be nice and people will be nice to you in return.The next day we went back and basically got everything else on the menu and it was all ridiculously good. Guac-check. Sonoran Hot Dog- check. Chicken, fish, al pastor, tostada, queso fundido-check check check check check. You cant miss with any of them. The only thing I wasn't crazy about were the sauces. The Green tomatillo was ok, the red sauce was a little too smoky, but that's just nitpicking, innit?This is a review of the atmosphere, chips and salsas, and Margaritas! I had the opportunity to visit Chicago's Wicker Park area in the beginning of June 2011. This also happened to be when a huge heat wave came to the area. Luckily on a day where we were walking the neighborhood, we came across Big Star. It looked cool, sounded cool, and had in door and outdoor space on this VERY HOT DAY.Pitcher of margs was amazing and the chips were yummy. We must have sat for about 2 hours and nobody tried to move us along. Granted it was 1pm on a Monday, but there was quite a crowd there and they were all LOVING their food and the company.All of that being said, the food LOOKED DELISH and I am sorry that we didn't have room to try it.I am even more upset that we do not have a spot like this back in Brooklyn, NY. We have tons of outdoor places, but nothing comes close to the laid back and yummy atmosphere of Big Star.I've really only been here after day drinking, and it's usually one of the later stops in the day. We went up to the little window and sat at the picnic tables, perfect for summer time Chi casual bites between bars. Yesterday I had the fish tacos, I wasn't that hungry so I only ordered one. I got back in line for a second because it was so good. The fish was very lightly fried and the toppings that went with it were light but flavorful.Tacos here were great, second to the ones I've had at the Maxwell Street Fair.  Fish taco, pork belly taco, pollo taco hit the spot and I wouldn't have wanted them any other way.  They were fresh, fragrant and a little messy the way tacos should be.  I'm a huge fan of fried plantains, but the platanos fritos weren't worth finishing.  The horchata was pretty crap, don't get it!  It wasn't super packed at 6pm on a weeknight, but regardless we were promptly served and treated well.  Considered giving 3 stars since the non-taco dishes weren't too great...but these tacos are great.  The atmosphere is cool, I'd come back for drinks.They definitely have great tacos al pastor. I also love their guacamole. It's a really cool place to go to eat some great tacos and drink Tecate. Cash only!Came here on a Saturday night since it's so close to Debonair. We had a hankering for late night eats, and Big Star was beckoning.I had two tacos, one lamb and one pork belly. Both tasted pretty good. Fresh and more upscale than a dive taco place. Others said the tacos were cheap at $3 per taco. I don't know about that. They were teensy tacos and I could have easily eaten two more. If I were really famished, I think 5-6 would do nicely. It gets packed but we didn't have a problem getting seats at the bar. Overall, a good time. Nothing extraordinary, but I was satisfied.Ok so here's the deal - if you're not prepared to wait an hour, wait for insanely busy bar and waitstaff, and a persnickety host at the front who has NO IDEA (like give me a ballpark lady, something?) of when you'll be seated, then this place isn't for you....But, if you're in a patient, laid-back mood, and you really want the best freakin' Queso you've ever had, then come to Big Star!  Seriously, I could have eaten 2 plates of the stuff - salty, spicy, chorizo goodness. Ymmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.....Ok I'm done.I gotta say, I was not in love with the poblano pepper taco, it was like green ooze on a taco, with cheese.  But the pork belly taco was fabulous, especially with the delicious crispys ( I think crispy pork skin? yeah that sounds about right).  I have an obsession with all things crispy, so I was pretty happy.  Stay clear of the lamb taco, it tasted off.  The pescado torta was fabulous, as was the guacamole. For drinks, I highly recommend getting the Chilada, which is a can of beer with lime and salt - for $4, this can't be beat. You can also get it with hot sauce, which was kind of like a lighter, fizzy version of a bloody mary, but after one, you've got a belly full of hot sauce, and that's enough of that.I love the atmosphere of Big Star - it's so fun!  Plus they have a huge liquor selection.Their tacos were delicious.  My favorite is definitely the pork belly - tender, flavorful ... drool!  The place is unpretentious.  There's no jazzing up your plate or food with funny plates or garnishes.  It is just straight up, honest to goodness delicious tacos.Only downside for me was the fish tostada.  The fish was dry and had a HUGE fishy taste, almost tasted unfresh, probably frozen now that I think about it.  Sad because I usually love fish tacos/tostadas.  The guacamole was good too but I felt it had a little too much lime in it.  I'll definitely be back for the fun and pork belly tacos tho. YUM!Did you know?  If you want to avoid the long wait, there are two options:1) You put down your name way in advance.  They will call you on your cell phone when your table is ready.  This way, you can check out the shops in the neighborhood without physically being there.2) Go next door to the picnic area.  There's no alcohol there, but at least you'll get your food in a timely matter and dont need to pay tip.I cam here on a beautiful Monday afternoon, arriving at about 7pm to hear a 30 party wait on the bar side.  Unfortunate, yes, but it was expected.  So of course our entire group just migrated to the picnic side since we were starving.  I got some tacos -- al Pastor (pork), de Panza (pork belly), and de Pescado (fish).  Can I say amazing?  I don't know what the bad reviews are saying, but these are honestly one of the most tastiest tacos I've ever eaten.  The flavors are just so pungent, well balanced, and unique.  They're not that authentic type, but well crafted, well executed, and well done!  Have you ever had those overpowering corn tortillas where you bite into it and all you taste is corn? Well, not here!  There's plenty of meat and all the fixins'.  However, I must say they are quite small, so minus one star.  You will need to eat about 3-5 tacos depending on your appetite.Overall, one of the favorites in my book.  I will return to taste some of the other tacos and menu items.  I highly recommend it... and please please please please remember to bring CASH!I can't help it. I keep going back.  The tacos are to die for and the margaritas are sooo good and VERY strong. The patio is the BEST!  We used to live in California (home of awesome Mexican) and we are not embarrassed to take all our West Coast friends here for some good patio time, drinks and food. The best time to get there is ~3p and don't arrive hungry, otherwise it's a loooong wait.  But once you're at a table you can sit and enjoy for hours.LOVE this place!I read a little article about Big Star in Chicago Magazine and I cut it out and hung it on my bedroom wall. What took me months to actually make it there is beyond me. I am only deducting one star from rating it perfect because it is unfortunately CASH ONLY and I just don't understand why places are CASH ONLY these days. But that aside, the prices were definitely decent for the quality mexican food that you receive and everything that my friend and I ordered for lunch was delicious. I particularly loved the Chips and Guacamole and the Queso Fundito (which were far better with the chips than with the couple of tortillas provided). The staff was awesome and the Johnny Cash/June Carter Cash soundtrack was delightful for this relaxing Saturday. I didn't get a chance to try one of their signature cocktails, though I was definitely tempted. My friend was very excited to order the Goose Island "Green Beer" that they had on tap while I stuck to a Mexican Coca-Cola served in a bottle. I look forward to see how they set up the outside dining once the weather gets warmer and I can't wait to return on another mellow weekend. Hopefully it won't take me as long to get there. Ooh, and you can Tweet it while you're there - @BigStarChicagoYum Yum Yum Yum.I actually didn't really want to love Big Star because of its uber trendiness-overcrowded with hipsters-look at me, I'm like, so cool kinda 'tude.  However, I just could not resist that pork belly taco. Perfect little warm tortilla that holds the slightly crispy melt-in-your-mouth nectar of the gods. I only ordered one but upon completion ordered two more! OK you caught me, I was a little, ahem tipsy.  But I've been dreaming of it ever since; hot damn it was tasty.Break down:Atmosphere: Filled to the max every night with like, "super cool people", like.Chips and Guac- I don't know what people are complaining about, I was a happy camper.Lamb taco- Pretty yum but meat wasn't the tenderest so got stuck in my teeth, which super annoys me.Pescado Torta- Tasty, would order againChicken Torta- MehPork Belly Taco- Rock on!!Cocktails- Stiff as a Mo Fo!See you there or be (I'm drawing a square in the air).CASH ONLY!  Just so you know before you go, they don't accept any type of card, so have cash on hand.  I wish I had known before I met my sister there yesterday.The bartender wasn't very nice and told me she needed to keep my i.d. since my sister started a "tab" with a coke and some guacamole and chips.  They also card you as soon as you walk in, which I found strange for a restaurant, at 6 p.m., on a Tuesday.  And the tacos?  I enjoyed the fish taco, but for $3 per taco, it was TINY.  I really love living near wicker park, but I don't think I'll be going back to big star anytime soon.  A lot of annoying factors and hipster waiters who don't have customer service skills, get over yourself you're still a SERVER!Haven't been brave enough to try and, y'know, sit down here - let alone walk inside.  Crowds scare me sometimes, and the older I get, the more they bother me.  That said, THE WALK UP WINDOW is a godsend. I'm in walking-distance of the area so it's the perfect pickup for the peckish pedestrian. I'm partial to the tostada de pescado (that's pretty much just a fancy way of saying "fish taco") doused with a squirt of fresh lime and the red sauce they provide.  The folks at the service window have always been friendly (even when they forgot my horchata one time), and deserving of a lil' sugar in the tip jar.  But what's with those chicken lollipops?!  I'm afraid to eat them.See ya later, hipsters, yuppies and foodies!  Have fun waiting outside! I'm gonna eat my grub from the comfort of my couch, while watching DVDs of Dexter.I don't think I would be down to wait to go here but when you can walk right up and have a seat there are few better options in Wicker Park. Cheap drinks and decently priced tacos and the like. Only had the al pastor and while tasty I think other assertions I've seen that they are the best in the city are a bit of hyperbole. Next time I go back i would like to try the hot dog for sure. Chips are tasty and sort of corny. Guacamole is good and the wait staff is friendly and attentive. I don't know what they are going to do in the winter time when they lose 70% of their seating.Update: The food at Big Star is still excellent, the bourbon list is nice, and I appreciate the recent change up of the menu for some new variety. The service is still spotty and often rude and the waits are ridiculous. Came in a few weeks ago for some Wednesday tacos......and waited over two hours for a table!!! On a weeknight! It's our own fault for waiting that long, but still. There weren't even any bar stools that opened up during that whole time period so that we could sit with our micheladas and heavy coats rather than stand.Service was okay, if inattentive, once we got our table, but once the tacos were tossed on the table we were encouraged to eat fast and get up from our table. No thanks.Any suggestions of taquerias in uptown, so that we can find a new taco spot? Preferably some place with fish/shrimp and/or good veggie options since I'm not a meat eater.I have frequented Big Star many times on different occasions and the service each time I have been there has been impeccable, from the wonderful people at the door to the waiters and bartenders.The place can  get crowded on weekdays and weeknights, that's why there is a list so that they can call you back when your table is ready. Walk around, go home or do whatever until your table is ready.  It's seems some of you are way too anal.  The food is absolutely fantastic and the margaritas are great.  If you do not want to wait for good food and service you should not come out with seven people on a Friday and Saturday night and think you will be accomodated especially in the summer.  Big Star has great food and atsmophere for those who aren't so obtuse.P.S. You should really go on Thursday's and Saturday's when the french bald guy works the doorTop notch food and a great patio scene. This is one of my favorite patios in Chicago to spend a summer evening.  It's a busy place and just as much (if not more so) a bar than restaurant -- it's easy to imagine how service could be spotty. If you have a problem with the service while there, speak up and figure it out.Big Star all around is an experience.  They serve good food, but you do go for the drinks and the crowd.  We came here on weeknight and this place was choked, there are few tables, so you are mostly standing around waiting for a table, unless u are just drinking and you don't care.  We lucked out and started to talk to one of the servers, and she hooked us up with a table, it was awesome, but others weren't so lucky and were just watching, to pounce on a free table.  We both had a margarita and tacos.  Their tacos are served on corn tortillas which i love.  They tasted super fresh and flavourful, i loved the crispy pork belly and  fresh pineapple that accompanied it as well.  Overall Big Star is really young and hip, if you don't fall into those categories than Big Star is probably not the place for you.YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMWe went on a Friday, expecting a wait. There was a little bit of room near the bar, so we squeezed in and ordered a few rounds. 3 rounds in, we realized only one of us actually had cash, so we stepped out for a moment to grab more.We were quoted ~40min wait, actually waited about 1:20. I sort've hate their system of calling people instead of going with who is physically there. There several tables that sat empty for at least 10 min after being turned over. Not the most efficient place.Food-wise, YES YES YES. We had guac and every taco on the menu. I loved the potato one - the bf liked the pork shoulder a lot.Next time, we'll aim for a slower night and see if we can score a spot on the patio.The tacos, from the window = 4 stars (would be 5 if they accepted credit card)Dining in (if you make it inside/in the outdoor seating area) = 2 starsThe tacos are good, no doubt about it.  GOOD, not mouth watering and delicious, like so many people seem to claim.  I like and appreciate good, thoguh, and love to get these tacos to go.  As far as sitting down, though... I don't know... I live in the neighborhood... and just can't get that excited about this place despite my proximity.  In the summer, I WOULD enjoy great times drinking margaritas, eating tacos, chips and guacamole all day in the sun. But when waiting around for a seat with hostesses whose seating system seems a little dodgy and discriminatory, you lose interest pretty quickly.  There are always better alternatives not far away.  And if the staff decides to let through some normal looking people, they seem to make the waiting process last even longer.  I've had just a few good servers, but most of the time, there's a dose of pretentiousness, a pinch of laziness, a whole lot of indifference, and a lot of waiting around.  When you feel like you are asking a favor to get the server's attention, there's something wrong.  I just want to get drunk and eat all afternoon, not stress about my interactions with sh*tty wicker park service people.   If there were no window to skip all the b*llshit and get your tacos to go, this place would get two stars.  But I can't complain about getting a tasty snack on my drunken walk home from the bars.A few wonderful tap beers on site.I can't remember the tacos we had, but they were great and we keep talking about them.They have a record player, a real one, not one from Urban Outfitters.The atmosphere is fantastic.  I think it was a garage before or made to look like a garage.  Indoor and outdoor seating, but the huge doors open up so it is the best of all worldsHand full of tequilas. Seem to specialize in bourbon.The staff at Chrome Chicago recommended this place, so glad they did.Okay.... a couple of things here. The service it sub par at best. I have been here quite a few times and have never had even decent service after 5 PM..... i get it your busy, but figure your shit out.  They were really making it hard to spend money there (cause no one was coming to serve us)  It took about 15 minutes from the time of sitting down with a group of 6 to get a drink order placed.  We also placed our food order at the same time. Drinks came and then food came, but nobody was clearing the empty plates, cups, cans, pitchers, and frito bags. Next time im ordering from the walkup window. 3 stars only due to the food being excellent.I liked it...couldn't get in under 21 but they have a take out counter. It's a good, quick, cheap eat. Kind of iffy if the weather is bad, though.Straight up: the Mexican food is delicious.  My favorite was the pork belly and pork shoulder, and they also make a mean guac and chips.  The wait on a weekend, however, is atrocious. We're talking a 3hr wait, partially outside in the freezing Chicago winter (due to space limitations) for a table.  The table, incidentally, is only for parties of 4 or more for dinner, and parties tend to arrive and then hog the table for the entire evening, making turnover achingly slow.  I will definitely come back here during the week around 6pm to catch the early bird special, but on the weekends, the food (however delicious), is relatively uncomplicated Mexican, and not worth the  wait.Last weekend I had the opportunity to go home and visit all of my old restaurants and bars. However, I had been dying to go to Big Star since it opened, but had heard mixed reviews. I am glad I ventured out and went to see it for myself because this place is AWESOME. Okay, so the cocktails are super reasonable. $7 each with the finest ingredients, fresh yummy juices. What more can ask for this price? I wish I could have tried more of them. Food, awesome! Great flavors, also very fresh and well prepared. We ordered 4 tacos, a tostada, some queso fundido, guacamole, 4 drinks. Total? $50. Happy girl who only spent $25 on a entire meal.Real quick summary...Great place for drinks, a quick bite. Good crowd, and a nice vibe... even on a Monday. Gonna love sitting outside for drinks and some food this summer, but it isn't very authentic. Ok, so go for the drinks, some chips and guacamole, and some Tex-Mex style food. Hang out and people watch, sit in the sun (when summer arrives), or go for a hair of the dog. If you want an authentic taco joint, go down the street to La Pasadita, Las Asadas, or venture south to Atotonilco or Zacatacos.I wanted to try out Big Star as soon as it opened but then I heard that they would not seat a party of two at a table. Whatever, I thought, if Big Star is too good for my party of two then I'm too good for...and I forgot about trying this place until I walked by today and remembered that I could just walk up to the window, get my food and leave.  So that's what I did. Each taco I had was excellent. I really, really loved the lamb. While standing by a bench waiting for my food I people watched the patio because it was packed. I guess the party of two rule is no longer enforced now that there is ample outdoor seating. Couples now welcome.As a west looper, I've been a faithful supporter of de cero - modern day taqueria - but after a visit to Big Star, I think I'm going to have to part ways with my former mini-taco establishment. My friend and I went to meet his friends who were hanging out in the patio area on a warm and breezy evening a few weeks ago. There was actually a line to get into the patio on a Wednesday night. We tried to by-pass the line since we had a group of 5 already waiting, but the man with the clicker in his hand insisted that we get in line. So begrudgingly we got in line...luckily, we were only in it for 5 minutes.The lively crowd consisted of an eclectic mix of scenesters, hipsters, and your run of the mill cubs t-shirt donning frat boy types. I hardly saw the interior of the restaurant since we decided to forfeit our table and just snagged a small table out on the patio. My friend and I got two of each tacos - they were all excellent. I think the pork belly tacos and roasted vegetable tacos were my favorite. Someone in our group got the queso fundido which was just cheesy goodness.  Two highlights of the evening were the $1 6oz glasses of Schlitz. I think our table went through several dozen of those. And Paul Kahan busing tables and going for the most part, completely unnoticed. What a humble guy!All in all, a good, cheap night out. I can't even imagine how packed it gets on the weekends - and I don't think I want to find out. I'll stick to weekday nights.This is a review only for the walk-up window (yelp probably ought to split the reviews by seating area for this place).  I was going to give it two stars, but decided to go with three stars because the tacos are good, and the people-watching is excellent.  But ...I'm glad I went, and I had a great time hanging out with friends, but I'm really uncertain why this place has unusually good buzz. Yes, the flavors in the tacos are good, I'm not saying they're not good tacos.  But as a whole experience, I don't see the point.Maybe I'm getting old a crotchety, but seriously: $3 for one taco?  Why do people think this is cheap?  Isn't that twice as much as most authentic walk-up taco places?  Isn't that more than just about any other walk-up taco place?  Three tacos and one soda for $12. I can't think of a time I've ever paid more than half that for 3 tacos and a drink at a walk-up place before.  Sure, places like de cero charge more ($3.95) - but they're not a walk-up place: at de cero you're guaranteed a seat and they bring the tacos to you.And then for your over-priced tacos you get to wait a ridiculously long time - I've gotten fresh risotto in real Italian places faster than these tacos take.So, if your friends want to go to the walk-up window  to hang out and people-watch, by all means go and hang out with them and people-watch.  Just don't expect to be shockingly wowed by the food if you've eaten at any decent, authentic Mexican places, do expect to wait a long time to get the food, and do expect to pay about twice as much as you would for authentic tacos at many of the other hundreds of taquerias around town.The wait stinks- avoid the dinner rush if possible.  We went for lunch and it was really mellow.  Those of you who don't get the appeal, order tacos de panza (braised pork belly) and a chillada (iced Tecate with salt and lime- def hits the spot on hot days).  Trust me.  Best tacos I've EVER had- and I currently live in southern CA if that tells you anything about the breadth and depth with which I've explored tacos (and no, not like THAT).  Will definitely hit it up on my next trip back.I like to roll in when it's not busy and grab a late lunch.  As others mentioned, when it's busy, I would just move on or get take-out.  Bottom line, they have great brews on tap to match the amazing tacos!  $3 a taco is reasonable given the quality.  They are amazing.  They also make probably the best bourbon old fashion I've ever had.  Great place to talk bourbon and try a bunch . .I'm a fan.....and let me tell you why!1. Beautiful outdoor patio...what makes it beautiful you may ask? The sunshine! and yellow chairs and umbrellas that slightly shield you from the suns blaze. 2. Delicious chips. and the salsa is pretty great too!3. The cute waiter....Now, I've heard most of the wait staff can be a bit snooty. Our guy was lovely. Though what took so long to get our check mister?4. Pork and potato tostada!!!!! This was heaven on a tortilla! Worth $6, probably not. Delicious none the less.5. $1 7oz Schlitz drafts. Nuff said...They have a pretty great looking walk-up-and-order-window too.So, I am not here to review the pork belly tacos. Never even had 'em. I am sure that they are delicious. The basa fish tacos, though? Simply divine. Seriously. I have dreams of those tacos. Unlike other pseudo-taquerias that don't put much in theirs, these tacos come fully loaded. And messy. I didn't care that I had slaw coming down my arm...suck it, hipsters! This stuff is too good!!! Top it all off with a chelada or michelada (or three) and life is the stuff of dreams.Oh, and it didn't hurt that some nice, unnamed gentleman kept buying me tequila shots...thank you so very much whoever you are!So, the service sucks. You've already been warned by all of the other reviews. Sit at the bar if you can or get it to-go.So I looked at the menu , and this is how the first 4 items read:Tacos Al Pastor marinated, spit-roasted pork shoulder with grilled pineapple, grilled onion and cilantroTacos De Borrego marinated, braised lamb shoulder with radish, roasted scallions and queso frescoTacos De Panza crispy braised pork belly with tomato-guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onions and cilantroTacos De Rajas De Poblano roasted poblano peppers, onions, oregano, crema and queso para freirWhat I actually saw though was -meat--more meat--meat--boo-So, I got one each of the first 3 tacos. The pork belly won by a country mile, but all were great. Some of my favorite tacos in Chicago are still at Zapatista, but Big Star did the pork belly justice.Great collection of dark spirits mixed drinks and beers to please anyone. I especially liked the Old Forrester + Ginger Beer. They also had Green Flash's Le Freak in the tall bottle which made friends with the tacos and guac.Overall, a nice value for what you're getting here. I feel the need to apologize for my preconceptions on this place, though. Based on what I had heard and the mountain of Yelp reviews, I expected mediocre to lousy service. Even though it was crowded (not packed) when we went , and yet another pop-up thunderstorm was threatening to clear the patio out, we were taken care of great from getting a seat on the wait list to our waitress and bartender. So, thumbs up from me.I had the pork belly taco, guacamole and queso fundido. All were great and very reasonable. I want to go back to try more tacos and I really want to try the horchata.  Kinda sucks that it is cash only... That has got to be hurting their business only because if you know that ahead of time, you are probably less likely to spend more or have a tab at the bar.Came here a few times back in the summer.  All the tacos are good, but the Tacos De Panza were my favorite.  (I can't say anything about the drinks as I didn't try any of them.)If you like a simple menu but delicious flavors AND a lively outdoor atmosphere, this is a place to definitely try out, especially in the summertime.Be prepared to wait though. This place is packed almost all of the time!  If you don't care to eat there, you can always go up to the pickup/carry out window, grab your food, and head over to Wicker Park, which is a hop and skip away.I took one star away for two reasons:  (1) for $2-$3, the size of the tacos are a little small and (2) in the middle of the sunny summer and heat, each outdoor table should have an umbrella.  Otherwise you're baking in the sun.Wow I'm thoroughly impressed! Coming from california where the mexican food is among the best ... this place can hang with the best of them! First, the location is fun and hip.  There's a bar located right in the middle of the place with places to sit along the sides.  You can even order tacos from the curbside window, which is what we did! Second, the tacos are delicious! We ordered the tacos al pastor $2 and the tacos de panza $3.  A bit steep for a taco, but OMG my first bit was so good! the taco de panza had bits of crispy pork belly in it that was delicious and by far the best one.  I highly recommend this one!! We even came back later in the night and hung out inside and although it's a bit tight in there ... it was fun.  Cool place to come grab a drink.I've gone back a few times and while I enjoy their food, I'm getting really sick of the attitude from the hosts.  Me:  "How long of a wait"Host:  "It's Big Star"Me:  "I know that...but  how long"Host:  Dumb look on faceMe:  "Ok, thanks, I'll go check inside"I don't care about it being busy ALL OF THE TIME, but whatever happened to courtesy????  I prefer the walk up window way more than dealing with the stuck up people at the restaurant!!!Luckily, this past Sunday was unseasonably warm and we were able to sit outside on the not so crowded patio.  I will go back because the tacos are good....but I'm over the people.I can't believe I haven't reviewed Big Star yet.  It's one of my favorite restaurants/bars in Chicago. It's gotten to the point, where if Big Star left or I left I wouldn't know what to do.  I love everything about Big Star.  The big patio, the yellow furniture in front, the fact that you can bring your dog on the patio and drink micheladas with your friends all day long, the food of course... My list goes on and on. Big Star is more than a restaurant. It's an experience and every time its unique and fun.I have my go to tacos.. The Al Pastor, The tacos de Panza, and the Fish Tostado. Love their guac! It is always so good! Big Star is just a regular neighborhood joint for my friends and I. We love it and just love enjoying some good food and good company there.Big Star was on the short list of places I was supposed to visit in Chicago.  I went to grab a drink at Violet Hour and they didn't have room for me so they sent me here to wait.  I couldn't believe how busy this place was around 7 on a Saturday night.  The entire bar was full and standing room only.  A sweet bartender helped me find an empty seat.  I ordered two tacos.  The Tacos Al Pastor and the Taco De Panza.  They were both very tasty.  I also ended up having a 3 dollar whiskey shot ( they are well known for this) of Old Forester.  Overall this was a great bar and I'll for sure come back next time I'm in Chicago. Big Star is cash only.I'm laughing at the 'ohhh so hipster' comment from a previous reviewer - it's pretty dead on. Cool place, but it definitely feels more bar (loud & lively) than restaurant. As others have mentioned, it's tough to snag a table (no dice unless your armed with at least three of your bff's). Even a seat at the bar requires a bit of aggressiveness, but if you do snag a seat, it's so worth it. Oh and I've only stopped in during the week. the weekends, especially during the summer, is pretty insane. In terms of food, I've only tried their vegetarian tacos and their fish tostadas, which are well worth the wait, imo. If it wasn't always so busy, it would get a 5 star from me...and I'd be here a lot more often!Their menu is small but everything and I mean EVERYTHING on it looks delicious and most of it was. The reason it is getting 3 stars and not 5 is because the drinks are small and too expensive. The paloma I got was delicious but If I'm gonna pay that much the glass better be a decent size.THeir tacos de panza were delicious!! The tostada of frijoles refritos was also delicious but nothing out of this world. Their queso YUM ! My husband loved the rajitas taco and the al pastor taco!I will go back but for tacos only... I'll get my drinks elsewhere1This place gets four stars because their tacos are out of this goddamn world and mad affordable.If it weren't for those tacos, this place would get three stars for being too effin' hip.  Hipsters with terrible haircuts mill around and get in my way while I'm just trying to get a frickin' Tecate.  Servers know that the place will never not be busy being the The Crotch (damen/milwaukee/north) so they will always make money, no matter how rude they are to the clientele. We went for brunch once and the food was great.  The Cielo Rojo was great.  The food is always great.  The cocktails are great.  The dulce de leche licuado and Sonoran hot dog are incredible.  I've had almost everything on this menu and have never been disappointed.  The poblano rajas tacos are my absolute favorite.Thank god the food is great, because the service and hipster clientele leave quite a bit to be desired.Was around the neighborhood doing some shopping and a friend and I stopped in for a late lunch. It was fairly crowded but we were able to get a table right away. I wasn't that hungry and it was great because they have $3 tacos. I had the fish one and the sauce they serve on it was amazing. I also had the special taco of the day which is only$2 and that was an in house made pork skin with salsa verde. It was a bit spicy but also tasted good.Now the drinks, they have a special $3 whiskey shot of the day and some really cheap beer. I decided to stick to the margaritas. I first had the one with mezcal. I always forget I don't really like mezcal because of the smokey taste so the next one I tried had St. Germain in it. This one was much better IMO and I can see sipping on it on a warm summer's day. I finally tried the one with fresca and that by far was my favorite. I love citrus flavors and this was perfect.Our server was also very attentive and didn't rush us and encouraged us to try a few things and order more as we saw fit. It worked out perfectly. She also did a great job of explaining the tacos, beers, and tequilas. I felt like I got some sort of mini alcohol class for free.  They also have quite a few Goose Island beers available. Sophie, Matilda and as of this writing the Pepe Nero which is new and made with black pepper. They also have a GI one that is aged in bourbon barrels. The one small problem I have is that it is cash only. I normally hate places like that but for smaller restaurants I can understand the hassle and fees that come along with accepting credit cards. However this is a bar or at least they heavily promote their wide array of whiskey, beer and tequila. I don't know anyone who usually carries that much cash on them to be able to afford drinking and sampling of all the delicious drinks. They do have an ATM inside but then think of all the bank and service fees. Luckily my friend had enough cash to cover both of us until I could pay him back. And I suppose it worked out because I was very mindful of how much I was spending.  I need to remember to bring cash the next time I visit and I will be sure to order the fresca margarita.Having to show ID before entering was a big plus, because that means no under age kids allowed.Big negative for groups of 3 and smaller is fending for a seat at the bar. The 4 and only for the booths are understandable but a waste of space. Big Star tacos lives up to the name. The tacos there are so so delicious. The Al Pastor and the Pork Belly are the ones the stood out in my favorites.They have Half Acre Beer on tap with a mind blowing whiskey selection. It a great place to start the night off if your partying in that area for the night.I can wait for the summer to use the patio. (Be aware of the out of town douche-bags that are attracted to this place)Came to Big Star on a Saturday afternoon not expecting to find parking... but it actually wasn't bad, ~ 3 blocks walk.I was planning on just having lunch... yeahhh that turned into a couple beers, $15 of tacos and chips and guac. Dammit this place is good. Good scene around 2pm on a Saturday, pretty loud but I didn't mind as the food is just that good.Our favorites were the Al Pastor and the pescado. If you haven't been here, you haven't experienced one of my top 5 spots in Wicker ParkI went to this place when I was visiting a friend in Chicago to kill time before our reservation at another restaurant. It was a damp and rainy day but fortunately we were able to find a spot to stand inside. The decor was nothing to write home about (it's like a canteen) but it's actually kind of cool and laid-back. The Food: -Tacos de Pescada - my favorite! The fish was cooked really well and overall, the taco had a really nice flavor.-Tacos de Panza - the pork taco was also very well-cooked. I like that it wasn't chewy; it was cooked just right.-Chips and Guacamole - I do see many negative reviews on here but personally it tasted great. The guac had a lot of cilantro (which I LOVE so perhaps I'm biased) and the chips weren't too oily either (but a tad salty) The dollar beers were also pretty sweet! The Service: - again, we had really decent service despite the HUGE crowd. Someone took our order within 10 minutes and he kept coming back to us consistently, asking us if we wanted anything else etc. -the bartenders were also keeping up with the crowds and circling around every 5 minutes** The bathrooms were clean! Bottomline: if you want a cool place on a summer day for tacos and cheap drinks, try Big StarOh, Big Star. You're just right on a summer night. I was withholding this review for awhile, because the bouncer was ridiculously snooty the first time I went, and it left a bad taste in my mouth. But every server I've had has been friendly, if a bit harried (is Big Star ever NOT crowded?) and the margaritas and guac make up for it.I live in the neighborhood and pass this place every day and finally decided to have dinner here.  I'm unimpressed.I'm a vegetarian and was saddened to see their limited veggie-options, especially for such a hipster neighborhood.  I ordered the beet tostada and the potato taco.  The beet tostada reminded me of a cold beet salad that you get at an italian restaurant during the summer, but it's served at big star because it is on a crispy tortilla and therefore...somehow mexican.  Wrong.  Also, for winter, I want warm foods.  What about veggie beans, rice, and complex spice flavors that warm your whole body?  The potato taco was okay, but the flavors are a one-note.  Spicy, but no substance.  Very superficial flavors...nothing to really sink your teeth into (like a Xoco or Frontera Grill would).I would recommend this place for the "scene" and people watching, but don't come with high expectations for the food.In my view, this is the perfect taco place.  The tacos are simple and delicious, the outstanding options being the pork belly and fish tacos.  The beer is cheap and good, and the margs are strong.The main downside is that the is often a wait for a table or the patio, but in my view it would be unfair to hold the restaurants popularity against it.  As to the food, my only complaint is that the chips and guac/salsa, as the former is overpriced and the latter leaves a lot to be desired. Specifically, the salsa is more of a thin sauce than a dip, and is applied to the chips by squirting it out of a plastic squeeze-bottle.Upon our arrival, we learned the place was at fire code capacity and we literally could not walk into the restaurant.  On top of that, we were looking at an hour and a half wait in a cash only establishment (though now that I know in advance, that's not a problem).  And it was extremely loud.Somehow, this place still gets 4 stars.  How?-The booth fit upwards of 4 people which means your party of 7 doesn't have to wait 3 hours.-Once you're sitting, they get you your food fast.-Your food is both cheap and tasty. -Food prices include tax.  This is my favorite part of most cash only places.-There are vegetarian options that are actually tasty, i.e. not just avocado with some plain veggies.-The beet tostada was amazing, and made vegan for one of my dining companions.-We brought homemade cake to celebrate a birthday and they happily brought plates so we could eat it.  Our server was happy to take a piece to split with the other staff members as part of her tip.-After you eat, no one rushes you out.  Maybe it makes the wait a little longer at the bar, but I waited, too.  And because the food comes out so quickly, you actually don't wind up sitting for that long.-It is hipster land but it makes for fabulous people watching!Plus, you can avoid the insanity but just ordering tacos from the window at the side on warmer days.  The park is right next door and a lovely place to eat provided it's not February.Excellent tacos and Manhattans. Need I say more?We got off the subway off Damen and right in the corner were yellow tents with vivid lights. Big star doesnt look to compelling on the outside but do not judge a book by its cover. We went to the servers and tried to get some seats, unfortunately dinner time was approaching and that resulted in 45 minutes wait to get inside. We decided to go to the take out window due to the long wait. We tried almost everything on the menu and the BEST tacos in my opinion were the pineapple cilantro pork shoulder and the tilapia ones were to die for. Drinks were also amazing. I highly recommend the limade. Was really refreshing. This place is the shizzit!It has been a while since I wrote a review, but here it comes!  When I went to Big Star Taqueria, I thoroughly enjoyed it.. I got some of the pork belly tacos: AMAZING! The chips were very good as well. I always appreciate a hint of lime. My sister strangely did not like her pork shoulder tacos, but she isn't as much of a porkaholic as me.The tacos here are a little overrated since everyone hypes up this place up so much. The reason why I say this is because of the line and the wait for seating inside the restaurant/gated area. We're talking like 60 minute waits for peak hours.I do appreciate they have a to go order window and they provide benches to eat your meals. It's just you don't get the extensive drink/alcohol choices. Either way you get your tacos here it's the atmosphere you want. The lighting display for a summer night is awesome. You can easily snap a few shots and have something to post on Instagram. I would say don't get your hopes for the tacos, because their tacos are good or pretty good but not the best. This place is open until 3am on the weekends and I heard the owner owns Violet Hour. Delicious food after you've had a couple drinks!Perfect location, right off the Damen Blue line stop in the heart of Wicker Park aka Hipsterville. Great food, strong drinks, and pretty reasonably priced. Kind of overrated. Very hard to get a table especially on the weekend. Plan on a good 1-2hr wait. They do have a bar area inside where you can order drinks and apps while you wait. If you're looking for a quick bite, I'd recommend just grabbing your tacos from the pickup window on the side and they have community picnic tables you can sit at. Again, awesome food, very fresh and full of flavor!        The only reason why I'm rating 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the horrible seating system. Hostess stand is totally unorganized and can't even give a time estimate. I understand it's a busy and popular place but they are about as useless as a pencil with no lead. Other than the super spacey hosts, once you get a table it's smooth sailing from there. My taco munchies were satisfied.Much the same as others have said, this place is first a whiskey bar and second a taco stand. The tacos were all very good. My sister and I had three each: the pork belly, goat, and pork shoulder with pineapple. All three were very good, but my favorite was probably the pork and pineapple followed closely by the goat with the au jus. Mmmmm. Don't plan on bringing a big group here unless you get there right when they open. This place is only meant for groups of 2 or possibly 3. Since it's in the old pontiac space, we'll have to see if they roll out a huge patio come spring and summer. Hopefully they do. I'm hoping this place can make it, but they need to expand the menu selection a bit more if they are going to be known as anything but a bar.Big star was a great place to go on a Saturday night.  They have a good drink menu and good beers on tap (except schlitz-yuck).  They have some great little tacos and tostadas, they hit the spot late at night.  They are on the small side for the price.  One tiny taco is 3 dollars.  Overall the people there seem cool, but there were a group of tool bags hanging around us, hitting on everything that passed.  I hope this place doesn't become a place for tools to go.  It gets pretty packed and there is not much seating.  I imagine this is going to be a great place in the summer when there is outdoor seating.Like most places in the area if you get their early enough it is great, but after sundown it loaded with jackasses which can ruin any sort of good thing. In my case it was not the patrons, but an over confident bar keep. One night I came here with my lady friend, it was not even that late... like 7pm on a weeknight and it was brutally packed. We finally got elbo room on that shelf next to the bar, then stools. The bartender was a complete jackass, making both food and drink a pain to order. I understand that they are busy, but he was making the whole situation worse rather than being helpful.I think he realized he was an ass about 2 drinks in and became nicer when he returned from a break.The other time I went here I was with a larger group and we got on the booth list. Once we had a booth it was smooth sailing.The food is good, some of the drinks are good. The prices are high for what you are getting, but it is tolerable, and comes out cheaper than most the places around there. I think the layout is poorly designed, and getting drinks or food can be difficult.I prefer this to the Pontiac, but it would be nice if they had stricter rules on how many people they let in here. Seems too full to be enjoyable.I would imagine when it warms up they will have the patio, which will make this a great summer spot, if you can get a seat.Overall it is worth a try, but not life changing.I wanted to hate Big Star for taking over my beloved Pontiac Cafe.. but my God the food is delicious.I dream about the pork belly tacos.I can't wait for the summer -  margaritas and queso fundido in the sun.Here's the deal.The place is crowded as all get out!! But it is well worth the bargaining for some bar stools to take an opportunity at some amazing margaritas and tacos! Also, beware: They are really strict on the fore code limit of how may occupants can be allowed in the building. Do not be surprised if you have to wait for some patrons to leave. Don't worry- you'll have chance to get in- and as mentioned before, it's worth the wait.You've just been yelped in.It's easy to see why people would get upset with the wait, but I think their 1 in 1 out policy works well.  We had about a 20 min wait at 730p on a Sat night, which wasn't bad at all for this neighborhood.  Once inside, the old guy at the door wasn't very nice or polite at all.  We'd never been, so didn't know how the system works, and he didn't offer up any tips other than the fact that it'd be a long wait.So here's what you do.  For a booth (party must be greater than 4), you put your name down on a very long list.  The chances of you getting a table are probably slim, though if you do get it, it is very nice and rather spacious and much more comfortable (We got one after our 2nd group of eaters came).  Otherwise, you hover behind someone at the bar until they relinquish their bar stools, whereupon you order everything from the bartender, leaving your id to identify your cash-only bill.  Because of the occupancy rules the wait for a barstool isn't really that long or unpleasant; if you get stuck outside in the cold, though I could see how it would be annoying.The guacamole was great, even better than Adobo Grill or Las Palmas.  We sampled 4 different kinds of tacos, but the al pastor were easily in a different league than the rest.  The $1 7oz schlitz is an easy first drink as you make up your mind.  Our bill for a couple beers, 16 tacos and 2 sets of chips was only $78.  Awesome.So tired of Boystown and Andersonville. So so so tired. After discovering a friend that I rarely get to see on a regular basis had just started to work at a nearby restaurant, I immediately told her we needed to get drinks...in my area and I told her that whether she likes it or not, I'm making her move to this side of town.In all honesty, I needed a new ear to gripe to about how hard it is getting over somone. Ha. Ok...I really just wanted to enjoy my companion's company. There. PC. ;)So I chose Big Star. I had been wanting to try it and see what all the hype is over for a while. I believe Tuya did get it right--Violet Hour style drink for about $7-8? Yes, please. Also, they're very into the art of bar tending here as well...I watched the bartender spend about 8 minutes on my Manhattan...it was worth it. Yum.Pluses:-Relatively cheap drinks-Tacos -- we ordered the first three off the menu...wow, yum. That's the only reason why this place has 4 stars instead of 3! I'm not sure what it was and my taste buds are a bit warped so take what I say with a grain of salt...but these tacos were amazing. Just the combination of flavors...wow. Delicious. And perfect with our cheap $3 Tecate cans after the Manhattans.-Well stocked bar.-This place isn't too bad when it comes to price point. Little bit more than what I'd like to spend but given where it is....it's to be expected.Minuses:-Service is just a bit slow. I wanted 15 minutes the bar before getting a first drink...however, they were incredibly slammed for 9pm-ish on a Thursday night.-Cash only. Really?? Really??? This just sucks. I get why but still.-Very crowded, and you have to stand everywhere. I luckily ended up snagging two stools for my friend and me after I noticed a couple of girls getting up. Unfortunately, in my enthusiasm, I shoved my friend a bit too hard and she almost knocked one of the girls over. Yes...I was that girl.-Diverse Wicker crowd...yuppie hipsters mostly tho....hetero yuppie hipsters. Why can't people just leave the Red Line area and just diversify?????Anyway, I'll be back. It's worth a trip for a great drink and a taco. My claustrophobia makes me too scared to come back during a weekend night.Wow! It was crowded and the kitchen was backed up. Usually that's a bad sign, but we bided our time enjoying our cocktails and chips and guacamole. The salsas were very good too. We tried the al pastor tacos, pork belly tacos, fish tostada, and queso fundido. Our favorites by far were the al pastor and pork belly. They were so crispy and flavorful. Can't wait to try other items. The staff were all very nice and accommodating.This place does not deserve a 3.5/5. Tacos are amazing, and cheap.Guac and chips is only $5!!!!Yeah, it's crowded, get over it, you live in a city.Yeah, it's cash only, get over it, people still use cash in 2010.Their tacos are so freakin' amazing that I dream about them. I go there an average of twice a week now. I've learned the trick to getting good service: sit at the bar. You can usually get a seat after a short time even on super busy nights if you stake out for a while with drink in hand. The bartenders are busy as hell all the time, but they always give fantastic service, and the food comes out quickly. I've had table service twice there, and both times it was horrible. The server failed to come back to check on us, would forget to bring our drinks, etc. The takeout window is also a good choice, when it's open, which is a rare things these days.Get the tacos de panza (crispy pork belly)--they never fail to knock my socks off. I'm super picky about guacamole, and theirs is phenomenal; there are bits of radish in it. I am getting so hungry right now writing about this. I need to go there right now, I think. I'm willing to put up with the obnoxious crowd for their delicious food.Went here after checking in at Violet Hour with the intent to get some grub. There was a wait to sit outside, so we went inside and had no problem finding a couple spots in the back against the wall.  Ordered a couple beers (typically priced) and some tacos.  Tacos are all $3 or less. Other menus items are a little more, but still cheap. Ordered a Taco de Borrego, which is made with lamb, and a Taco al Pastor, which is made with pork shoulder.  They are very different from each other, but both were SOOOOO good.  They are soft tacos, served on the small round corn tortillas.  The combinations of flavors are delightful.  The service for food was quick and the servers were nice ("would you like some small plates?" "let me get you some more napkins").  The tacos come "open" and are loaded, so things get messy. Be prepared. But they're worth it. The only complaint, was by my boyfriend, who had to wait a while to close our tab. (Cash only!!!) He was a little P.O.'ed after being ignored for a while.  Would go back to try some of the other tacos!Thank you "some dude" who brought me here on our date some odd time ago, because now I have my favorite summer spot.  Yes, I know I'm a few months late on this review given that I've already eaten here a handful of times and summer is already over, but the public has got to know!Summer @ Big Star is packed (and that's an understatement).  It's usually filled with a pretty lively crowd and everyone wants a seat outside.  So put your name down with the host/hostess, step aside and wait for a good 1.5 hour.  Option 2:  Step inside the bar area (still packed), and wait for a seat.  First come first serve.  That's probably the easier option if you're one of those unlucky few who is 45th on the list to be seated outside.  At least you can tackle a girl or two to get a seat inside and get to eating a lot quicker.Pork belly taco and beer with the lime juice and salt rim.  That's all you need to know.  That's all you want to know, and it is all you will remember.  Super delicious and the Big Star atmosphere is just so much fun!I took off 1 star because the staff is either 1) much too busy to care what you have to say and/or 2) they look like they're pissed off at the world or their job.  When you see someone that miserable, do you really want them to handle your food?I'm in line with the positive reviews for Big Star. It's one of my favorite places to eat and hang out in Chicago. The tacos are unbelievable and made with the highest-quality ingredients. Can't go wrong with any of them, though my favorite is the chicken thigh and pork shoulder.The mixed drinks are top notch, and the bartenders spin fun records throughout the day/night.The patio and seating areas get a little crowded, so plan ahead, go early, or hang around the bar.Food is mad good and really a cool spot to chill with friends... Reminded me of Brooklyn spots... Winner!will be back when i visit ChicagoWe went here for my husband's birthday and we had been telling ourselves we would go there for a very long time. I mean come on quality tacos and drinks cheap who could pass it up. So yes the seating was jacked up. Not sure I like the whole sitting on a stool staring at the wall thing. But next time I am going with 4 or more to sit in a booth! The waitress and hostess were both really nice even though I had seen some other issues with service I did not experience any. My husband trying to make a joke ordered the three p's Pastor , Pollo and Panza. Umm i think the waitress heard that joke before since she did not seem amused lol I ordered the pastor and Queso Fundido. Holy cramolie that fundido was fun in my mouth! I can just eat that also. It had poblano peppers in it which was tasty. The pastor eh not for me but the Panza which is braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro was amazing. I ordered several more even though my panza was full! I did order a La Paloma which well I could have done without. Not that good. Maybe next time I will try something else. And my husband got some beer. While it was not omg 5 stars for me I will definitely be back for more Fundido and Panza~!One of my favorite places in Chicago, either to get drinks with friends at the bar or to actually sit down and eat. The staff is great, drinks are killer and it's reasonably priced. Like most Chicago places, it's much better in the summer, but even in the winter I manage to always have a good time.My only almost complaint would be their choice of music, but I get it. It goes with the theme I guess. Definitely a younger, hip crowd. Much better than the Violet Hour across the street (kind of apples and oranges though).Just had drinks and chips and salsa today, but were so excited to go back and have a full meal!  Their drink menus Is off the charts for a restaurantChips and guacamole - top 5 I've ever hadI heart any food served at a Paul Kahan restaurant and I absolutely love the tacos and the people watching here, but the wait is atrocious. I have not figured out the secret to landing a table at this joint. I've been here three times and have always stood or found a seat at the bar while my husband was standing, and it doesn't matter when we go during the week.If La Pasadita opened up a taco joint in Bucktown with a giant outdoor patio, I think it would give this place some serious competition. Sigh. I know I'll be back, waiting an exorbitant amount of time for a table. I can't resist the pastor tacos, the guac, or the strong margaritas. Could do without the country twang music though, it sounds like nails on a chalkboard to me.Chill taqueria with a sort of vaguely upscale twist?  Maybe.  The tacos are all delicious.  The ejote tacos and fish tacos are lights out genius.  The pork belly and pork shoulder bring it like you'd expect.  Cocktails have sometimes ran a little unbalanced for me (but I can't really handle sweet cocktails), but they've also kicked ass, and I know my cocktails.  Nice beer list most of the time.  I can't say much good about the crowd, but I don't judge a place in Wicker by the people they draw.Recently, the attitude of the hostesses has been really meh.  I've not let that reduce my love of Big Star yet, especially since the servers and bartenders have been nice recently. Seems to vary weekend vs. week day, and that's the same at my job, so can't blame them too much.3 stars for the food 5 stars for the drinks 1 star for the longest waits known to mankind That said, I think Big Star is an upgrade from our dearly departed Pontiac Cafe. I used to suffer the wait for crappy food and cheap beer at Pontiac just to enjoy the sunshine of a nice summer day. Now I can actually indulge in a decent taco (innovative, but not the best I have had) and a fabulous* margarita while soaking up the sun. The tacos are definitely overpriced, but you get what you pay for in the adult beverage section. There is nearly always a line, and they don't take reservations. The nice thing is, if you go around an hour before you are hungry, they will take your phone number and call when a table is available. Or alternatively, put your name in, go eat at Penny's across the street, and then imbibe in some margs afterward. Seriously though, the wait is never less than 1 hour. Even on a Tuesday at 530pm. So plan ahead my friends. Also, include stopping at an ATM in your plan, because this place is cash only. *When I say fabulous, I mean dangerously alcoholicI'll make this review short and sweet. My friends and I stopped here after spending the afternoon at the Taste of Randolph St, visiting a friend-of-friend's apartment, and dropping of a friend at Wicker Park. We waited in line for the Take-Out window (the wait was not too long)  and ate on one of the picnic tables in that area. Atmosphere is nice and lively late at night.GREAT tacos! I ordered Tacos al Pastor and Tacos de Panza and the meat was tender and very flavorful, and the sauces and other ingredients were fresh and tasty. Will definitely come here again to grab some dinner and drinks or for a quick bite. Yummy tacos!PS. The chicken shaped lollipops have this weird texture and flavor. I couldn't figure out what it was, and I didn't care to finish it.Cheap drinks. Solid beer list. Amaze tacos. Fresh guacamole.Put all of that in a very fun environment with great tunes, a lively crowd, not an ounce of pretension...combine that with a killer outdoor space and you've got yourself a great neighborhood haunt.I live in NYC and this place would kill in downtown Manhattan or Brooklyn. At a first glance this could just look like your favorite neighborhood bar...but at first taste this place will quickly become one of your favorite neighborhood restaurants.Fish tacos and beer = happy stomach.This place is a great spot to grab a bite if you're in the area.I went to Big Star with my husband after work one day. We sat outdoors.I went because they had the Zephyr on draft there (collaboration beer between Big Star/Publican and Lagunitas). It was great, as I expected. We also had a Stone Levitation ale and a North Coast Pranqster. We had the chips and salsa. I was not so thrilled with the chips. The salsas were just the ones at the table. We also had the Tacos de panza (pork belly tacos) and Tacos de Pescado (fish tacos). They were both good. Also tried the pickled vegetables....which was more like homemade Giardiniera- but was pretty much too spicy to eat.The service could have been better. We kept looking for our waitress to get more of this or order that...I might be back for a beer -but I'm not rushing.Wow.  I don't think I've ever been so disappointed. Vegetarians beware!Everyone raves about this place.  My husband has lived down the street from it for years and never tried it - but always wanted to.  We were walking by one evening and decided to get some food from the take-out window.We ordered:Tacos de HuitlacocheTostada de CalabasitasAnd the Guac and Chips.The guac was SOOOO limey, I love guac, and can eat almost any guac.  But this was seriously bad.Even the chips weren't that good...The Taco was OK.  My husband thought it was good, but not great.  I had a few bites, and then decided I didn't even think it was ok.  Not worth eating.The Tostada tasted like they tried to hard.  I took one bite and was done.I could have eaten this food if I was starving.  It wasn't "spit it out" bad by any means, but it wasn't good enough that I had any desire to continue eating it. I would have thrown it away before eating the rest.My husband didn't think it was as bad as I thought, but we both agreed the meat stuff has got to be much better or else people wouldn't rave about it.I'll never go back here on my own decision again.Something must be good, this place is ALWAYS packed!I think it was hyped up a little too much.  Out of all 4 types of tacos the fish tacos were the best.  Next the pork shoulder.  As for pork belly tacos yes they were chewy, and I'm just not a big fan of potato tacos.Great limeade.Maybe I was just hungry, but damn the Al Pastor was amazing.  Its reasonably priced for how good of quality their food is.  I think this is how fast food should be.  Their chips are made and we got them fresh, which was quite awesome.My wife got a dulce de leite drink.  It tasted awesome and like the real thing, but it was just in liquid form.  Plus its next to Wicker Park (the actual park) and all of the nightlife, so the location is superb.  O yeah plus the patio is awesome and has a good chill vibe, a great place for people watching. You can choose to have a waiter or simply eat fast food style, which is simply awesome.  Remember cash only.I'm glad we live close so we can go back.love the ambiance of this place.  I've never been inside, but the outside patio is a great place to sit.  LOVE that they have picnic benches you can sit at if you get take out--seriously what an awesome idea. I had the pork belly and pork shoulder tacos, which were both tasty.For $3/taco though, I was surprised to see how incredibly tiny they were.  Probably won't come back for that reason.They have Gumball head on tap, $3 Lonestar bottles, and a beer called Olympia for $2.....But that's where the positives for this place end. I'm taking off one star for being cash only. Come on, it's 2012. As many others have said, this place is a bit overrated. While the tacos were decent in taste, they were also very small.  I would have been more annoyed about this if I had waited over an hour to get a table, then even longer to be served. Fortunately, I was there with a group that had a reservation. The place is way too small for the amount of people they let in. Trying to get to the bathroom was like trying to walk through a crowd at Lollapalooza. Even as i said "excuse me" numerous times, I was still getting death stares from the people standing around the bar as I tried to move anywhere.  I like checking out new places, but I probably wouldn't go back to Big Star.I must start off by saying that the tacos are amazing.  We showed up on a sunny Friday afternoon and we expected everybody to be at work and the place to be empty, but boy were we wrong.  The place was packed and we had to put our name down. The hostess estimated the wait to be anywhere from 30-45 minutes, but encouraged us to grab a drink and order food at the bar.  We obliged and found a barrel near the bar where we situated our group of four and proceeded to order.  We ordered margaritas which are served on the rocks, not frozen, and a Tecate with lime.  For food we ordered chips and guacamole and an assortment of tacos.  The tacos we ordered included the pork shoulder, pork belly, crispy potatoes and fish.  The guacamole did not stand out, but the tacos definitely did.  My personal favorites were the pork shoulder and pork belly, but my friend swears by the fish tacos.  When we finally finished and left, our name was still a sheet back and we told the hostess to just cross us off as we were able to eat at the bar.  Despite the wait for a sitting table, I really must recommend this place for their food.  I am from the tri-state area, but I will try to come here every time I visit even if it is just for an afternoon snack.Food not worth awful service.Yummy tacos. I can't add anything else to what has already been written in 1500 reviews except to place a take out order at the windows and go eat in the park a block down the street.As just about everyone knows, this is a great place to get some great tacos to fill your belly. I love the fish tacos; they are some of the best. We went on a Tuesday night as we were able to get seating right away. Going during off times/days and not having to wait makes tacos and beers even better!Let me get this out of the way -- their food is fantastic. Their setup is just godawful, though. You don't get seated -- you have to wait for someone to vacate a table and then pounce on it. And when the place is at capacity, it's competitive and you have to be really aggressive to get a spot. Plus, it is so incredibly loud. I don't know how the folks who work there do it. They probably all suffer from PTSD. It's absolutely nuts. If I go back, I'll make sure it's on a weekday at 11:30 am... Again, the food is great -- just be aware of what you're getting yourself into if you're headed there during peak hours. I sort of want to give 2 stars, but I guess they're sort of victims of their popularity. They could really do everyone a huge favor by adjusting their setup...I love this place. Super busy even on a Wednesday night, though. Also, condensation drips from the vents. However, the food never disappoints. Delicious tex-mex, including the guacamole our waitress sneakily made us order. Price a bit steep, but it was still delicious. Fish tacos seems to be a favorite.Big Star is my favorite place in Chicago. Best margs and tacos in the city with a fantastic atmosphere! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.After years of hearing about Big Star, I finally made it here for some takeaway tacos.  (The two hour wait for a seat is ridiculous.)  I doubt I'll ever dine in because I usually can't wait very long to eat.  The fish tacos were awesome, and although small, 3 were very satisfying and fulfilling for dinner.Expectations were too high :(But maybe after having Tacos al Pastor on the streets of Puerto Vallarta, it just won't be as good elsewhere.Having said that, the tacos were good (al pastor and pork belly), guac was good (normal), sauces and chips were good. (Intentionally using the word "good" b/c it wasn't bad but wasn't anything to write home about, either.)Queso fundido was my favorite! It's hard not to get the $1 marinated vegetables and grilled/salted jalapeños.Each taco is medium-size so with a few starters, having 2 is pretty filling,... thus one of the biggest perks of this place is its cheap! Tax is included in the price!Fun environment but ridiculously loud.Service is strange, our waitress was very nice but the guys clearing our table were way too eager, cleaned up before we could even blink. At one point, they tried to take away our plates before we even got the tacos (and took away chip plate before we finished them)- chill out people!!Horribly long wait... For a party of 6, we were told an hour, then a half hour more, then a half hour MORE! Ugh.Friendly service... when we could track down a server!Good classic margarita... We ordered a pitcher and they just plopped it down on the table. In my opinion, a good server would pour the first round.Good food... The chips&guacamole and tacos were really tasty. Because of all the fuss with Big Star, the next time I want really good tacos, I'll probably head somewhere else instead.So I have been here a few times and only tried the tacos, guacamole and salsas. I hear people talk about this place all the time. I think this place is vastly overrated and overpriced. I went here for lunch the other day and after my first taco I wished I had stayed closer to work and just gone to Taco Joint like I usually do. So much for changing things up. I usually don't like complaining about the price at places but I felt like I didn't get what I paid for this last time around.The one thing they do get right here is they grill the pineapple and onions on their al pastor, nice job. I actually kind of like this taco, but that's about it. And this taco is accurately priced. But they charge $4 for their chicken taco, which uses the thigh meat, not even the breast. And the red onion would be better if it was pickled. This one was ok, but I wished I had ordered another al pastor. Their guacamole is good, not great. But for $8, no thanks. Another thing to add is the people who work there that I have encountered seem a bit snidey. Could definitely do without the attitude. The only reason I can see people liking this place is because of the their patio. But if you are looking for taco's go a few minutes east towards Lincoln Park to the place I mentioned above. Far better tacos, guacamole and salsa than this place.PATIO!! Imagine, spending hours on a breezy patio under the setting Chicago sun, a bubbling dish of queso fundido in front of you, a pitcher of quality margaritas (along with $3 shots of smooth whiskey, an array of Mexican beers and famous local brews...) just awaiting your consumption.... sounds like a dream, no? OH WAIT IT'S BIG STAR.When the weather is nice, make sure to get here at latest before 5:45pm, to avoid the never-ending line that forms thereafter. Snag a seat on the patio, and induuuulge. But it's not even that much of an indulgence, because - I have to say it again - everything is incredibly affordable. I got rather drunk and stuffed to the gills on only 40-odd dollars including a generous tip to our awesome server. Literally, this place is dream come true - absolutely ideal for a fantastic Thursday evening.We stopped by here on a Saturday night after a drink at the Violet Hour, so yes I was hungry and buzzed, but the fish tostada was so incredibly good I practically had a meltdown when I dropped some avocado. I think it was $2, which is a lot for such a tiny thing, but it blew my mind. It was the perfect fish tostada.We got food at the little walk-up "Venga aqui para sabor!" or something. They are not kidding, that fish tostada had some serious sabor. I don't even know what that yelper who said it was bland was talking about. Maybe mine had some extra love, or some crack, but it was perfect. They were playing Johnny Cash on the patio and a bunch of people were hanging out there outside even though it was definitely not warm, which makes me think that they're crazy and maybe starved for a good taqueria? But back to my main point: damn, that fish tostada was good!When rumors got out last summer that the dynamic duo of Terry Alexander (Violet Hour, Danny's) and Donnie Madia (Blackbird, Avec) were taking over the old Pontiac Grill expectations were high.  The Pontiac had always had a couple of good things going for it, a to-die-for location on the corner of the park and a funky old gas station chic that passers-by found irresistible.  Long a summertime staple for al fresco imbibing beneath a snappy orange and white awning, the Ponitac's patio was jammed from May to September.  But like a butterfly that reveals itself on closer inspection to be an ugly black worm, the Pontiac was a dismal disappointment in execution, the food (such as it was) was awful, the service was deplorable, the attitude was snippy, and the drink selection was a joke.  Watching it shut down brought an odd mixture of regret and schadenfreude.  But then word got out that Alexander and Madia were taking over.  Score!  Two of Chicago's most successful drinking and dining impresarios would be taking over Wicker Park's choicest location.  Who could ask for more?Well, the verdict is in.  Big Star shines.The Alexander/Madia playbook is on full display here: the soft opening, the anonymous presentation, the friendly, down-to-earth service, the amazing drink selection, and the terrific food.  Working a Texas roadhouse theme with grace and subtlety, Big Star burnishes those qualities that make a good honky-tonk shine while never crossing the line into parody.  Chef Paul Kahan's menu of mouthwateringly delicious tacos and tostadas are the perfect accompaniment to a cold bottle of Lone Star and the vinyl strains of Patsy Cline, Lefty Frizzel and Waylon Jennings.    While the cash only policy may take you aback at first, it's nothing if not authentic and it helps to keep the prices down.  And that's one of the most remarkable things about Big Star.  The prices here are Texas roadhouse prices, not Wicker Park prices, meaning that a taco costs $3 and a bottle of Blatz will set you back a whopping two smackers.  You can walk away from a night here for less than $20. The result has been a minor sensation.  From day one, there have been long waits for tables or a seat at the bar, particularly between 7pm and 9pm, and most especially on the weekends.  But if you can manage to score a seat at the giant pine wood wrap-around bar, you are in for a treat.  Big Star doesn't trade in flat screens or blaring noise, the main draw is conversation, between strangers, at the bar, underscored by country music records adjusted to a perfect volume (enough so you can hear them, but not so much that you have to shout over them).  Sporting a stripped-down look (the concrete floor and exposed light bulbs recall a cinder block dive on the outskirts of Lubbock) and sans the usual ornamental overkill, about the only thing you can do here is drink and eat and talk, which may be why the crowd is mostly made up of bright thirty-somethings with the intelligence and confidence to hold a decent conversation.And while you're talking you can have a quality drink.Big Star is all about the bourbon.  Under Terry Alexander's expert guidance, Big Star offers 20 quality bourbons from the Buffalo Trace Distillery, 9 from Heaven Hill, and 4 more from Old Forester.  In addition, they offer 6 ryes, 2 whiskeys and 25 tequilas.  Already Pontiac is a distant memory.  And if you want beer - which the old Pontiac regularly ran out of - Big Star offers 25 American and Mexican varieties in bottles and cans, as well as five on draft, and they never run out. Big Star has taken one of Wicker Park's biggest disappointments and made it shine, good food, good drinks and down-to-earth companionability, the best qualities of a genuine Texas roadhouse.  We'll have another round.I came nearly after they opened on a Sunday and I had a great experience.  The interior is warm, sunny, calm, smells like cooking tasty pork...hard to go wrong.  I even said after leaving, "I want my kitchen to feel like that."  Our service was great.  We had no less than three people checking in on us all of the time as we sat at the bar.  They were all really nice and helpful.  Our food came out right away and it was appreciated.  We had the guacamole which was pretty much perfect with great chips.  We had a one of the specials which was a chicken sope.  That was good...solid...but because the other stuff was so much more memorable it kind of fell down on my list.  Our next option was the fish tostada which was really nice, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  We moved into the pork belly taco (yum), the lamb taco (yumm) and the al pastor (serious yummm).I can't say anything bad about this place at all.  I really liked everything about it.  Yeah sure, it's not your typical corner cheapo greasy mexican place.  So what?  I mean seriously, isn't there room for variety and different takes on dishes?  If you love your standard taco then just do that and don't bother with different versions which you try and then have to complain about!  For people who like food...a lot...you're going to find this place has some really solid good food and a nice atmosphere when it's not as crowded.And with regard to people's price discussions I'm baffled.  The tacos were like $2 or $3 dollars.  That's expensive?  Really?  For tacos that are made with very fresh and good ingredients?  For meat that's not been sitting around in a pan in the fridge for a few days that's reheated on the back grill?  I don't really get the problem with the price at all.  I think the prices seemed exactly what you should pay for the menu items and I felt good about it.A beer, a Mexican coke, guac and chips, three tacos, one sope and one tostada and I think we payed like $25.  Seemed just fine to me.And nostalgia for Pontiac?  Really?What part?  Those horrific bathrooms or the food that came out of that sketchy kitchen?  You got me, folks.yes it is a bit too hipster for my taste but the tacos are tasty and revolving, the beer is cold and most importantly the michelada and chelada mixes are the most authentic I have seen in the midwestI am not sure it is worth an hour wait but if you are in the neighborhood drop by see if you can stop in.  It is worth at least a 15 minutes wait.  Plus when the weather is warm the outdoor seating is prime.I've walked by Big Star tons of times, and this place is packed 24/7. I'd say that I don't know a time when they aren't busy. I went on a weekend day (Sat) and it was pretty busy but we got a table pretty quick. We ordered our food, but all of a sudden it rained and everyone on the patio (including us) had to run indoors. Everything was pretty much chaos for the 10m it rained.  Fortunately for our table, we already had our drinks so we weren't too bummed out. We were starving but, with the rain, knew it that the chaos couldn't be helped. After the rain, the staff pretty quickly cleaned/dried off the tables and we were out on the patio again.Funny thing was, everyone sat at their orginial tables, BUT our waitress totally forgot we existed. We reminded her that we were around and she asked if we needed anything else. Our lunch perhaps? I wasn't too mad about the chaos, but not remembering anything about your section after 10 minutes is absolutely absurd.Eventually we got our tacos, the tacos al pastor were my absolute fave, if you get anything you have to get those! I also order Horchata which was pretty tasty and some other tacos which weren't as tasty.All in all, go if you want to have some tasty tacos and a decent time.Oh big star, why are you so good!?Ok the menu is super simple...but thats the best part! You have i believe 3-4 tacos to choose from and 2 tostadas.  ALL VER GOOD!!but my favorite Tacos Al Pastor, with queso Fresco (its not on the menu but u can ask them to give you a side of the cheese).SUPER trendy spot right now, but with good reason! They have a full bar, and a bunch of different beers that you won't find unless you hit up Binnys. I havent tried any b/c when i go here i go for the Micheladas. who thought Tecate and a hot sauce would be so tasty.  Guacamole is good too, chips are fresh never stale.  Service is mediocre, but this place is always crowded and a line is always down the block.  Its definately a sweet summer spot to sit on their large patio, eating, drinking, socializing and people watching.  Crowd is diverse, love that they play country, rockabilly, oldies music....gotta love a little dolly parton every now and then ;-) They even have a take out window and lunch tables for people who do not want to wait or who arent thirsty for some beer/liquor.  Take out window even has Jarritos (mexican pop).Only thing to worry about, CASH ONLY!! SO make sure you have a enough or make sure you are keeping track of what you ate (they have an ATM inside if you need it though)I expected not to like this place.  I usually hate places that are overhyped and swarmed by buzzing hoards of hipsters high on Old Style, LCD Soundsystem, and mustache wax.  But....gosh.  Aside from the aforementioned pretentiousness and the wait to get in and get served - this place was pretty darn good.  We had the tacos al pastor and they were cheap and tasty, with juicy marinated pork and pineapple.  We blobbed a healthy amount of hot sauce on them and went to town.  Drinks were very reasonable.  Everyone seemed to be downing Tecate, perhaps in deference to the Tex-Mex theme of the place, but perhaps because they don't serve PBR.  We opted for a pitcher of Schlitz.  Yep.  You heard me.  They have Schlitz on tap.  Plus a huge assortment of bourbons, whiskeys, and tequilas.The whole place seems to have a 19th century Western theme to it, which seems to suit the locals, as apparently 1885 is the new 2010.  Or something.  I'm confused.  Anyway, cash only, so bring some bills.  This place is great in the summer, but I'm not sure how it'll work in the winter when the huge patio closes.  It could get really cramped inside the old Pontiac space.Big Star has good food and decent drinks at good prices. However, it's a bit too much of a "scene" for me.I'll give it another shot, since I like the grub and the Big Star margarita. Definitely worth hitting up if it's not overly crowded.Like every reviewer has said, I had the pork belly tacos and they were to-die-for. However, I really wanted to post this review because of the service.We were first greeted by a guy and asked for our IDs. I stopped him immediately because I didnt understand why. I thought this was a place to eat? At least, thats the vibe I got from Yelp and everyone sitting around EATING. Then he proceeded to awkwardly say "So are you declaring yourself a minor?" Whoa, I didnt know I had to swear on a Bible to eat some tacos!But other than that, our waiter was REALLY nice and personable. I didnt like that their Bus Boy was dumping empty water onto the parking lot next to the building. I could see him and it was just unappealing. They should invest in a sink for this poor kid!Went here for a late dinner on a Sunday night. By some magic there was no wait, but we sat at the bar because it was a little chilly out and I am a cold girl. The horchata is pretty good. The spices are nice and well balanced. The guac is excellent. Don't skip that one. The salsas in the bottles could use some work. I had the tacos al pastor and the taco pollo. I love the al pastor. The pineapple is so simple and works so well with it. The chicken was also really tasty, and the queso fresco on top works really well. My boyfriend and I split a queso fundito, which was really flavorful. The spices they use are really interesting and kind of unexpected. The chorizo is a little salty, but that's the nature of the beast. The bf got one of each of the tostadas and he really enjoyed the chorizo one, but I think he was a bit iffy on the basa tostada. He said it was okay but he probably wouldn't order it again.Overall I like what they're doing here as far as portion size and prices go. It's the kind of place you'd definitely go back to for tried and true favorites.been here a couple times, just recently tried the food. i had some fish tostada which was alright, and a pork belly taco. WHICH WAS INSANE. so good, in fact, i ordered another one. drinks are kinda pricey and kinda hit or miss, but they use quality spirits. sitting outside is great, when outside is closed it can get pretty tight inside. naturally, ordering drinks and food becomes increasingly difficult. they also have a dedicated walk-up counter to get food which is rather nice. oh, and mexican coke in mix drinks? yes, please.Loved it!   I've been here twice now and think these tacos are tasty. I have not sat at the restaurant yet, but have done the walk up window twice. I'm a meat  eater, but the poblano taco might be my favorite taco ever.I came to Big Star while on a business in Chicago. I came on a Wednesday night in early October. Not only was it croweded, but I had to wait behind patrons at the bar until seats opened up. My advice would be to arrive early.The tacos and bourbon were great. Service is top notch. I will return again next time I'm back in Chicago.I'm sure by now everyone has said it, but you gotta order the tacos de panza. It's just a taco done right. The al pastor tacos are also a solid option and I especially love the grilled pineapple that puts a little sugar on the spice. To drink, I had La Paloma, which is lunazul blanco, grapefruit, lime, mexican fresca. It was memorable.They have atmosphere to spare. I loved this place and will wait in the long lines on Damen for my next panza taco!I can't help myself, I just keep going back for more! I've been to this place multiple times in one weekend, it's just that good! My friend and I decided one day to just order one of everything on the menu. It was fantastic! The tacos are small, but very flavorful! They have some great beer selections and the patio is cool. This place is unique seeing as it's an old automotive garage that was converted into a restaurant. The wait times in the summer, and on good days (those rare 60 degree days Chicago randomly has), can get pretty long, but that's when you just go to the take out section! The takeout menu is shorter, but just as fulfilling and you can just take the deliciousness to the nearby park. I definitely recommend this place! Maybe not for a first date though (hey, eating delicious tacos can get a bit messy!)Big Star is the dopeness.Let's do the bad parts first-Every reviewer who talks about the crappy attitude is dead-on.  The bartenders are all business (but for good reason; they're usually slammed), and a lot of the clientele can be exceedingly dickish.  I also severely dislike the cash-only policy; it seems short-sighted, and maybe a way for them to burnish their "hipster/dive bar" cred.But honestly, who cares about the attitude when the food is this good and this cheap?  Great beer selection, and their cheap shot of the night is always high quality.  And while other customers can be huge assfaces, they can also be really really cool.So if you're insecure about not being hipster enough, you probably shouldn't go in.  But if you really don't care about that, and plan to just eat and drink well on the cheap, then you should patronize this place.We were actually on our way to a Middle Eastern restaurant, but our bus dropped us off here and the smell of Mexican food swept me off my feet (it happens often people).Quite busy, both inside and outside, it already had a good feeling to it. Proclaimed Tex-Mex, yet there wasn't much Tex influence outside of decor and a couple of dishes.  The street tacos were good, but a bit pricey for what you get. I liked how they had a bunch of salsas to try with your chips and the guac was excellent with a hint of lime in it. I wouldn't normally order this, but it seemed like the hidden gem of the place was the Sonoran Hot Dog. The ingredients, colors and flavors were art on a plate, yet for those who know me, I could care less about presentation...it's about taste. A bacon wrapped hot dog w/ beans, salsa, a couple of sauces and a thick bread bun was awesome! It was filling and a much better deal than 2 - 3 tacos you could have gotten for the same price (and still would have been hungry with)We went in the late afternoon and the place was slammed. I couldn't imagine what it would be like at night! It had a cool garage door opening that set it off on the block. It's somewhere I'd like to go back to soon...I hate crowded restaurants, but I love me some Big Star tacos & micheladas. Conundrum!The wait sucks. The overcrowding of the bar sucks. But my mouth keeps saying, "Please sir, may I have another."A visit to Big Star breaks down to how long am I willing to wait for their mouthwatering & addictive micheladas? Because they aren't coming quickly. Not at all. But the food is definitely worth the hassle of waiting, standing, or abstaining from booze at the taco stand window. My taste buds are attuned to the richness pork belly and the flavor precision of the fish tacos. I would eat them everyday if I could. But then I would be too fat to bike there.Be strategic when attempting to dine & drink in, or else be prepared to consume a lot later than your arrival.NOM'd: Tacos de Panza + Tacos de Pescado + MichiladaThere are a lot of things about Big Star that kind of suck. Namely, the hoardes of people that are routinely spilling out from the patio onto the sidewalk every weekend in summer. I work down the street from this place and often consider popping in for a beer and couple of tacos, and am discouraged by the crowd. Because unless you're on your own and can squeeze in at the bar, odds are, if the weather's nice and it's thursday-sunday, you're going to be waiting f-o-r-e-v-e-r. Not just to get seated, but served and out. But...if you find you do have patience in spades and can get past the holier-than-thou hipster vibe many of the patrons (and I'm sorry to say, the waitstaff) exude, well then! You're in for some delicious eats, drinks, and tunes.These are the things that make this place worth coming back to time and again:1. Great Beer Selection. Not to mention Whiskey. As in...like, a four page Whiskey Menu. It's kind of intense. But in a good way.2. Their Tacos. $3 will score you a delicious, perfectly crispy braised pork belly taco doused in queso fresco. As if that wasn't enough, their other three varieties - a veggie option, grilled pork shoulder, or beer battered fish - are all excellent as well. I recommend shelling out the whopping $12 to try all four.3. The space. Despite the withering Manhattan Once-Overs I always fear I'm attracting, I love the atmosphere once I'm settled in and know someone's hard at work fixing us up some grub. The knowledgable bartenders double as DJ and spin a perfectly eclectic mix of folksy, bluesy honky-tonk records. The bar is enclosed in a converted white-washed concrete garage that's breezy and opens up onto a large, sunny patio. I feel instantly transported way out West, and invariably end up day dreaming until my food arrives. At which point I gobble up every last little bit and leave perfectly satisfied and shiny with that post-vacation glow.Bottom line, the crowds might be a little intimidating in nicer months, but it's worth the wait to come in for the Big Star experience. It's like an instant, cash-only vacation!I've been here twice, one dining in and once for take out.  After two visits, I still only think this place is okay.  I like this new taco trend of fun flavors mixed together, as compared to the old LTC (lettuce, tomato, cheese) standard, but I don't know, I haven't been wowed by Big Star. I came here over the summer for dinner with a friend.  The patio was crowded and the bar was crowded.  Okay, fine.  After being carded to even get in (I'm sorry it's 6:45 at a "restaurant" and you're carding me?), I asked the hostess how long of a wait.  She told me 4 tables were ahead of us.  I politely said that doesn't really help me much, could you give me a time estimate, please?  She said she absolutely could not.  How does me knowing there are 4 tables ahead of me give me any idea of how long I will be waiting?  Oh right, it doesn't.  I mean, there could be 4 tables ready to leave right now and I'll be seated in 5-10.  Or there could be no free tables for the next hour because everyone just sat down and I'll be standing around with my stomach grumbling for 60 plus minutes, still not knowing how much longer I'll be waiting.Okay, attitude aside, my friend and I decided to find a space at the bar to grab a drink.  Easier said than done.  After about 5 minutes of poking, trying to get through, we saw two seats open up and jumped on them like a fat kid on cake.  We decided to order food there too due to the aforementioned unknown wait time.  The food was fine - my pork belly taco was more chewy than crispy and the special tostada (something with chorizo and potatoes) was good, though hard to eat.  Maybe my friend and I were just yapping too much but I remember that everything was pretty cold when I was eating it.  Take out was not great.  Granted, I don't live very close to Big Star but I had a Mexican food craving and instead of going to get Mexican like I wanted my hubs surprised me with tickets to the Hawks game (the nerve).  By the time the game let out, I still wanted Mexican and this was the only place open that I could come up with that didn't start with Taco and end with Bell.  By the time we got home, our food wasn't super hot and everything was kind of soggy.  The price is right ($3 tacos) so I'm certainly not opposed to coming back, but I won't make it a special trip.Reviewing this place twice because the experiences were so different. Visit 1 and 2:Sat at the bar both times, and was treated to lightening fast service and DELICIOUS tacos. The winning tacos for me are the pork with pineapple and the fish. Tasty, cold beer and yummy drinks. Five stars.Visit 3: Sat outside this weekend - the weather was beautiful so we decided to go at an off hour between lunch and dinner to try to avoid the crowds. This kind of worked, since we only had to wait 30 minutes which we were totally prepared to do. However, the service was kind of weird. The hostess was standoff-ish and the waitress was flakey. We were waiting a looooong time for our drinks, food, and bill. If she had worked the timing better, we would have ordered another round or two of drinks and more food - we just got itchy and tired of waiting! Three stars because the food and drinks were still tasty :)Will be back, but maybe will stick to the bar.I LOVE BIG STAR.  I wouldn't say that it tastes completely authentic, but the flavors are definitely there. I just had their dine in special for today:  Green Chile Cheeseburger w/ Poblano Peppers for only $5. IT was soooooooo freaking good. If you have the chance, you must try this BEAUTIFUL creation.  (Check the Facebook page for specials/news: facebook.com/pages/Big-S…)    It's not that big, so you can order other amazing goodness from their menu as well.  -Out of the tacos, I usually get the Tacos Al Pastor (has pineapples) & the fish taco.  The potato one is alright..but I am a carnivore, so I definitely have to have meat in my tacos.  Tacos de Panza is pretty good too..anything with pork belly is awesome. - I really liked the original chicken tostada, but they changed it up on their menu.  The new one is worth trying. -The Horchata here is a little bit watered down and not as milky (maybe too much ice?)  so I don't really like ordering it from here.   To get the best experience, I wouldn't advise trying to dine in at this place.  Be prepared for take out or sitting out on one of the benches for a quick eat .  It's a great drunk food, might I add.Big Star gets its 4star rating based on the food. These are truly good tacos that are a little more inventive but still maintain the integrity and respect of the cuisine. Definitely try the pastor and the pork belly. I really enjoy their salad too. Margarita pitchers are a good buy because they're pretty damn good (decently strong). They need to rework the seating though.. Their main area is outdoors which sucks when it's getting into these colder months, that also means that they'll eventually close it (in case you didn't follow, that means the seating capacity drastically dropped) To put it simply, expect a wait.They do have a to-go window.Also, this place is cash only which sucks b/c I hate carrying cash. When it gets packed, expect a wait on top of your other wait... at least I'm generally patient.Well, as sad as I am that the Pontiac is gone, I was very pleased that an affordable taco joint has taken up residency here.  Great beer and tequila selection as well as overall solid bar. The menu while limited is done very well: Fish Tacos, Pork Belly Tacos - seriously, need I say anything more than that???Parking - yes, this is near to the dear North/Milwaukee/Damen mahem however, you can park on the street or just take the Blue Line - poof, your there.I found the staff to be helpful regarding service however, not much of a conversation was had. There was a nice mix of a crowd during a Saturday lunch but could see if becoming very "hipster" like in the evening - that's the hood. I enjoyed my experience and will be back as I'm still dreaming of their fish tacos!!! YUM!Just ate at Big Star and I was compelled to Yelp about it! My boyfriend and I had been wanting to dine here for a while but never made the effort of standing in the long lines especially since we are used to eating at amazing taquerias like Traspasada or Guanajuato but we finally made it in and I'm really glad we did. The best way to describe this "taqueria" and its food is modernized Mexican cuisine with authenticity.  The atmosphere is definitely busy. We arrived on a Sunday night around 7 pm and it was crowded but not crowded enough for me to get annoyed. It was a little confusing at first because the hostess wasn't readily there to put us on the list or let us know the availability. When we finally got a hold of her she didn't give us an exact time of when we'd be able to get a table but advised us that if we waited by the bar, we most likely would be able to find a seat within ten minutes and she was exactly right. We found seats by the bar and the gentleman took our order right away. He was friendly and provided our drinks quickly. We ordered the following: Chips & Guacamole, Taco de Pescado, 2 Tacos al Pastor, 1 Taco de Panza, 1 Tostada de Pollo, 1 horchata, and 1 Michelada. The Michelada as stated by my boyfriend was just like a homemade Michelada. He loved it. The horchata could have been better; it was more watery than anything which I wasn't a huge fan of. The food was delicious. It would be too hard to explain why it is delicious; you have to just try it for yourself. I definitely recommend the chips and guacamole because it was the best I've ever had and I've had some really amazing guacamole before. I would recommend the pork belly tacos (Taco de Panza) and the chicken tostada for first timers but honestly everything else on the menu is worth trying at least once.Big Star offers flavorful, quality food with efficient and friendly service. I look forward to coming back to enjoy another tasty meal. For those expecting 100% authentic Mexican food, you may not find what you are looking for but I wouldn't judge a book by its cover. Try everything on the menu and I'm sure you will enjoy a variety of items. If you don't like crowds or having to wait in line, then come early and experience what Big Star has to offer. :O)I have been wanting to give Big Star a try for awhile now and finally got an opportunity with work. We got there at 2:30pm on a Thursday and the place was still packed. It's located right in Wicker Park and is definitely a hipster hangout. Yes the tacos were overpriced, but yes they were Very good. I tried the Taco de Panza (crispy, braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro) and the Tacos de Pescado (beer battered tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro, lime) and both were soooo tasty. Fish tacos are hit or miss and at Big Star they are a Hit; I would highly recommend giving one a try.Anyplace that has Three Floyds Gumball Head on tap is solid in my book. I was also impressed with their assortment of mixed whiskey cocktails. I will be coming back for seconds that's for sure!One thing to note: This place is Cash OnlySunshine on the patio, good drinks, yummy tacos, and happy people...what more does one need?Seriously y'all, Big Star reminds me of my hometown of Austin, TX...and this makes me one happy lady.Went on Saturday of Memorial weekend and, after being warned, expected a ridiculous wait. It only took about 35 minutes though, which really isn't that bad because they have an awesome bar that you can pull up a seat at and enjoy a margarita while listening to the tunes.There was 3 of us and we shared the guacamole to start, and then followed with an assortment of fish tacos, pork belly tacos, and tacos al pastor. My friends really loved the tacos al pastor with the pineapple relish, but I think my favorite was the fish tacos. They had just the right amount of kick.The tacos are small, but cheap, so eat to your delight. And the booze is pretty cheap, too. Our server was a little spacey, and we all had to stifle a small laugh because we were a bit confused (asked what we wanted to order, then completely looked away distracted and walked away for a few moments). But we were in a good mood and there to relax on the patio, so it wasn't a big deal.I love you, Big Star. I will definitely be back. Like tomorrow.Yes there is a LONG wait and yes the servers may have a slight attitude, but Big Star is still the obvious winner of the trendy taco craze. Fun environment, but it is cash only. Good and strong margaritas and cocktails. Amazing al pastor tacos!!! Love the sweet kick. Fish tacos are also great, but a little spicier. The drinks are a little pricey, but at $3 each the tacos aren't, so it's really not too bad. As long as you are aware of the wait that you'll have, you won't be disappointed!If it were all about the food, beer, and whisky menu I'd confidently give it 5 stars.  Location is super convenient too, it's not all that close to my apartment, but I still go about once every two months.  I removed a star because, yeah, it packs really early and you gotta wait outside for a taco joint/bar.  The other reason is that it's cash only, which once again, kind of a buzzkill for bars.This place was amazing.  Sipped on bourbon and had awesome tacos.Wish we would have had more cash on us since it was Cash only placeWe heard that this place is great for late night Margaritas and Tacos. And actually the Margaritas and Tacos that we had were really good and affordable (specially good were the Margartias... so tasty!). But the problems were that, first, we needed to wait for 45 mins. to get a seat; in the meanwhile, we were in the bar drinking a couple of Lone Stars, but the place was super crowded and noisy. It was not a very pleasant wait. Furthermore, once we were seated, the waiters pushed our table in, in order to close and surround with glass curtains/shutters the outdoors patio in which we were eating. Not very pleasant either :( If I come back, I will be sure is not that crowded...Tacos here are pretty good.  Yes.  But get them to-go.  Otherwise you'll be waiting more than an hour for a seat, and service that's not up to par.  I did the wait to see what the hype was about and while I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't that impressed.Another tip: don't order their horchata.  It's really watered down...and well, disgusting.First time eatin here sorry didn't like it at all... We tried the Pastor tacos surprised that they didn't serve Steak tacos. Authentic Pastor tacos come with onions n cilantro well these came with pineapple , tomato & mango that gave a totally different new taste to Pastor smh. NOT AUTHENTIC MEXICAN TACOS......WILL NOT GO BACK...I hate to not give this place a 5 star rating, but the crowded atmosphere just makes it so unenjoyable.  The food is some of the best food I've had in Chicago and it's not expensive.  Truly, I brave the crowd because of the food and amazing whiskey drinks.  But, it's on the corner of "I don't give a shit" and "I've gotten more tattoos than showers this week".  So, be prepared to feel judged or you could also just not give a shit.  Still, I just kinda wish I could enjoy my experience there a little more.  Since the food is so good, it would be nice.  Also, accept credit cards already.The food (guac/ fish tacos), atmosphere, and draft beer are what makes big star a go-to place, especially in the summer. . . . If the servers and bartenders stepped up their game a bit, in terms of hospitality and friendliness, this place would absolutely be a well rounded Chicago staple. They seem a little 'busy' and unfocused which makes for a little awkward of a guest experience.I won't comment about the wait, the setting or the crowd as everybody did...I just decided to write this comment to underline the fact that that they have some serious margarita, and there are so many bad margaritas elsewhere that it deserves attention!Besides, the food is good and it is the perfect outside sitting for the summer.Big Star has to be on your checklist if you like Mexican food.Great taco and Beer prices...prepare to wait. Order chips and guac at the bar, the wait is SOOO worth it!This review is only for takeout. Why one star? Well, because there was a bone in my taco and I choked on it - hard. Not fun. Oh, and I asked them to not put cilantro on my tacos but they did anyways. But, the choking thing was def what merited this review. Gross.Just to set the stage: it was a Friday night, I was tired, and my friends had me waiting in line for the Violet Hour across the street. Normally I would like to try the Violet Hour, but not when I've been up since 4am and kinda don't want to be out soooooo we jumped out of line and went here (its across the street). I still was not exactly happy about being out at this point. Ambience - Walking in the door I exchange some joke with a person I might call a 40 year old hipster (also known as a MFA). This at least picks up my spirits, as does my friend informing me that they make tacos here. I like this idea. Inside was pretty packed, but considering there was no line I was able to find a place to sit and the crowd was really pretty subdued, diverse and friendly (a patron left his seat for my friend and I to sit together - we were 2 guys, so it wasn't  chivalrous so much as nice). The place was fairly full so I won't say the bartenders were particularly slow, and when I ordered food it was pretty much in my lap by the time I turned around. And they play classic country - does anything else go with bourbon so well? If you have been to Harry's Country Club in Kansas City and liked it, think along those lines.Drinks - I didn't bother with any of the foofy drinks. Miller Lite and a list of bourbon that will make you drool are the only things I really need when it comes down to it. I had a double of Four Roses Single Barrel. Awesome. The bartender came over and discussed the distillery with us because he liked this decision, which led to not only some nice bourbon knowledge, but a free taste of the Four Roses Special Edition (woweeeee), which was nice. Suffice to say I was feeling good after backing all that with some beers. The double was a good sized portion of bourbon, no complaints on that. Food - After heading a little north of sober I was told to have a pork belly taco. Awesomeness for $3? Sold. Perfect thing to add to a belly full of bourbon with a little bit of grease, crunchiness, and some cheese all in the mix here.  As the night progressed I ended up having another one and also tried the tacos al carbon - this was even better than the pork belly. The queso fundido was highly recommended (by about...everyone - employee or not) but I didn't get to try it. There is no doubt I'll be coming back again, so I'll try it then.The tacos, guacamole and queso fundido are delicious. If you don't like pork, you might not get as much food joy out of this place as we did -- the pork belly and al pastor tacos are divine. Margaritas are tasty and strong - very strong, actually. Prices are reasonable, but it is cash only!Only problem (and it is a good problem to have): This place is so good that it is always crowded. We have tried to stop in several times, but have only stayed (and eaten) once (we happened to show up right when they opened and no one was there... yet). Maybe we lack patience, but if anyone knows which times or nights are "slower" than others, do tell!!  This is great place to go with a few people for a quick bite to eat and a few drinks. This is not a good place for a leisurely meal with a group. Definitely felt rushed, but it doesn't matter because the food is so good!!!So just got back from my first visit here and I must say I had very high expectations and it met all my expectations. I don't think it's worth the five stars, can't really put a finger on why, but it's solid, just not amazing. Will probably be one of my favorite places on warm summer nights. As a lover of whiskey this place is home to me. I keep seeing negative reviews about their guac and no idea what those people are smoking... the guac is delicious. There are four different tacos on the menu and I couldn't decide what to try tonight so I went the fat kid route and ordered all four. All super delicious and the lamb shoulder one definitely stuck out as being the most unique and super yummy. If you want a great patio area, chips and salsa/guac, super stiff drinks, solid tacos... Big Star is your place.I would actually give this place 3.5 stars but I would go back so I'm rounding it up to 4.  I tried all four of the tacos on the menu - the lamb tacos were a little too salty and vegetarian (poblano and cheese) was a waste of my time.However, the Pork Shoulder with pineapple and Pork Belly were both great.  You need to get 4-5 tacos because they are very small.  Also, it's very busy so you are better off ordering from the carryout window and eating your tacos elsewhere unless you plan on getting alcoholic drinks in the service area.Next time I go I will get 3 pork belly tacos and 1 pork shoulder taco.  Also, I'm going to use the carry out window.  I don't know if I would wait for a table -- everyone here seems to think table services is very slow and what I saw from the carryout waiting area seemed to verify this.Another important note, the tacos are very messy... so make sure you have enough napkins :-)This place is in a great location. Since its a bar you will need your ID to get in.  Dont forget it.  We had someone that did and they had to leave and come back... That sucked.The food was great.  Loved the tacos.  The drinks were awesome.  The Michelada was one of the best I have drank.The crowd was a little dressed up for a Sunday afternoon for me.  I mean if there was a game on TV, I dont think anyone was watching it.I want to give Big Star more stars. At face value, it's a pretty neat place. Great outdoor space. Decent food. Country music blaring over the speakers. But there's something so incredibly silly about this bar. The long lines, kind of bad service and crowded seating area make it such a hassle. 3 stars because the pork tacos with pineapple are actually pretty good, and the convenient walk-up window gives you the option to skip the seating line to eat at crowded park benches. Although, if it's really busy, the walk-up window will close for periods of time.See? For every positive I can always find a negative. If you're going just for the food, there are plenty of other taco places that are better. But if you're going to see and be seen in Wicker Park, this is the "it" bar of the summer.I put off going to Big Star because there are generally long lines and i am turned off by overpaid art-directors type douche bags... Despite the crowd, the food is honestly incredible... and insanely cheap for what you're getting. I loved all three tacos, yet the pork belly was my least favorite. It's also the most expensive at $3. Michelada's (beer with salsa and lime) here are pretty tasty and kinda feel like a meal within themselves. The margarita's are also insanely good.You might have to wait 20-30 mintues at Least, but after you get a drink the time flies. Once you're seated, you're in heaven. The food is generally really fast, the service is actually really good for as crowded as they get. The guacamole was honestly the best i've ever had.... I would imagine most everything on the menu is fucking awesome. Can't wait to visit many more times this summer and beyond.Big Star rules.Yippee, I get to be review #498! For a vegetarian this place is a little hard, but the guacamole and Poblano taco did not disappoint. Plus the tequilas & Margaritas are GOOD! And be sure to take a sip of the real Mexican coke. BUT I heard you got rid of my friends fav taco (and its his Birthday) and really,why is their a hot dog on the menu now? This is the exact type of place you would expect to find in a Texas border town, but instead your in a unique city neighborhood with other cool places nearby to check out . Be prepared to TALK LOUD & spend some $$. Service is mediocre at best, but still a  cool experience and excellent hipster watching.I have been hearing so much about Big Star that I finally broke down and decided to eat there.  Not impressed at all.  I spent $16.00 on two small tacos, guac and chips, and a horchata (the only decent tasting thing).I ordered from the outside window and was helped by a not so friendly cashier.  I was not allow to specialize my order and got charged an additional dollar because I wanted sour cream.Anyhow, I got my food and was extremely excited about the guacomole which turned out to be a huge disappointment!  The chips tasted like vinegar and the guac had no flavor.  As for the tacos... I got chunks of chicken fat in several bites that I could not even finish my second taco.  I would never go back to Big Star... I would rather eat at Flash Taco.Everyone raves, so I went.  i would say it was 2.5 stars, just ok.  The new drinks on the drink menu were not good replacements for the old ones according to my friends who had been there many times.I will go again and definitely not sit in that front garage-type room.Big star is the best taco place I've been to. It is a urban touch on a classic dish. Great food, great people, great music, great drink!A+++Maybe 5 times in the last 2 months I've found myself walking up to the take-out window line to satisfy my craving for a couple of pastor and panza tacos.  The last time I got that sonoran hot dog, and it was completely friggin awesome.  In some ways I kinda don't like this place - it's unnecessarily noisy, filled with yahoos, sometimes it can take FOREVER to get my tacos at the window (I've never gone to the bar or ate full service at the restaurant)...but I seem to crave these tacos often.  It's like in Seinfeld when Kramer had that love/hate with Kenny Rodgers Roasters.  So I realized that I probably should update my Yelp review - there are so many good places to go in this city that there's no reason to keep going to the same place over and over, yet I find myself walking up to the window here every other week.I've had mixed experiences at Big Star.  There's almost always a wait, especially if you go for dinner on a nice night or for weekend brunch, the service can vary between great and friendly to rude and unaccommodating.  My first experience at Big Star was pretty negative after getting called out on our mediocre trip from our awful waitress.  She was a horrible server, so we only tipped her about 13%, then she proceeded to ask us what was wrong with the service.  Rude and not too classy.  I used to work at a restaurant, so I understand how important tips are, but bad service = bad tip, sorry honey.  I've been back twice since that awkward encounter and have had excellent service, so we probably just went on an off night.However, the only thing consistent with Big Star is the incredible food!  I usually order their fish tacos, which are about $3 each.  I like how you can order tacos individually so you can sample any one you'd like.  The guacamole and queso dip are AWESOME.  Big Star also has an impressive and decently priced selection of beer, and I've heard their margaritas are extremely strong and delicious.  I've only been there for dinner and have not stayed to drink at the bar, but I've heard it's a pretty fun bar scene as well.  Beware, they only take cash.  I suggest going to Big Star after work for some drinks and tacos, and enjoy the sunny weather on their patio.I would give them more stars for their food, but some of their staff are horrible and rude.  So here's the details on both:Food:  3 things I would recommend are the porkbelly tacos, el pastor tacos, and the senora hotdog.  The porkbelly tacos are my favorite....give me that and a chillada(tecate beer with lime and salt) and I'm good to go.  Didn't care for the veggie taco and the lamb tacos, but you might like it...it's worth it to try once.Service:  I've been here a few times and it's been mixed.  Sometimes there's no problems, and other times there's some rude, ignorant people working there.  So your experience may vary.  Bartenders were always nice and friendly, but waitresses and door people can be horrible.  So if I don't want to deal with those people, I just go to the walk up window on the side and get my tacos and eat at thier park benches in front of the walk up windows.Big Star. I always have weird experiences when I come to you. There are some strange people that are hungry for beer and tacos the same time I am. I will say that love the guacamole and I always get the Pastor taco. I have gone there 2 or 3 times just to get the sonoran hot dog, but they are always out!! Some days earlier than others.....The food is pretty consistent though, nothing that is amazingly mind blowing to me, but definitely good enough to never want to even consider a flash taco.  Go when it's not crowded. Don't wait in a line to get in.I left this place so satisfied with my experience (evening + food).I order the Tilapia tacos which were delicious and the pork tacos which had pineapple in it creating a wonderful mixture of flavors! I also tried my friend's pork belly tacos but they were too salty. Overall very fulfilling dining experience.This place is  set up in a converted auto shop, with a central bar area and roomy booths surrounding it. Because it's all one room and has moody lighting it creates a very intimate atmosphere. In the warmer months they have seating outside which must be incredible. They also have heating lamps if you choose to sit outside in the colder months.Check this place out.Once you have a bite, there is no turning back. You don't even know what your life was like before you have tried any of their tacos. All of their menu items are delicious, and they each have a nice spice to each item (not overly hot, or mild, just right). If you go during the summer, get there early; if you go during the winter, get there whenever and get cosy. You are there to drink, eat, and get social. The lighting in the bar is great and its not too loud besides people talking. And if the inside is too packed, go to the outside walk-up window and take your tacos home for a midnight David Hasselhoff eating.Tacos de Hongos con Quelites (roasted portabello mushrooms) are amaaaazing!Go early to avoid the lines --- a must on weekends on nice weather days. In the winter months, I'm fine with snagging a seat at the bar and not waiting for a table.But is it worth it? Sure, if you are looking to chill out, drink some cheap Tecate and eat some delish tacos. No matter how busy the joint is, the service is always good (almost too good?). The tacos come out just as fast as the beer does! Did I say they played great music?Each day there is a $3 whiskey shot, if you are so inclined. You get a postcard with your bill. Don't be cheap. Keep it, buy a stamp, and send your Michigan and Wisconsin friends a note from the best taco place in the Midwest.WARNING: CASH ONLY!Really tasty small tacos. The black bean crema in the chicken thigh taco is delicious.Fast service, cash only, and parking is difficult.Some of the best tacos in the city. Best in the summer when you can sit out on the patio. Margaritas are great and it is always a good atmosphere. Will be coming back time and time again.This is an interesting place to say the least.  I lived in Arizona for over 10 years where the Mexican food is the best so I have to say the taco's were just ok for me.  We ordered one of each, favorite was the fish and worst was the potato (and I usually love potato/veggie dishes).  The frijoles were delish and served with 2 tortillas...actually liked my little bean and lime tacos I made more than the others.  We also had the Huitlacoche tostada which I was very disappointed in.  Once you have Huitlacoche in Tulum you will never be happy with any US version of this dish...at least that has been my experience.Even though the wait can be annoying I REALLY like the fact that they call you (from a blocked number) when your table is ready.  So smart, I wonder why more place don't do the same thing.  This practice also helps support other businesses in the area as people bar hop until they get that call.Although the food was not up to par in my book, the pro's made up for it.  The margaritas were so strong I could not finish mine, tasted more like a shot which is a great deal for the price.  My husband finished mine and had a few more, I had a beer (very cheap at $3).  The food is very well priced and you could easily have a few tacos and a drink and get out of here for under $15.  Mix that with the awesome patio, fun people watching and overall vibe and I would say it is worth checking out.  Some have mentioned the staff has an attitude and I do agree with that but it doesn't really bug me.  They are "cool kids"...pretty much hipsters working at a taco place...whatever....I could care less about their attitudes.I actually didn't eat here.  I walked out because of the attitude the servers had.  If you act all scatterbrained and don't at least acknowledge that  we are two people, and thus would need two menus, I'm out.  I don't care how good your tacos are - they're tacos.  I went to Lazo's afterward.  My wife and I had a great meal at LAZO'S on Western ave. and Armitage.  The server there had a GREAT attitude, we got food in no time, and it came in at about 15 bucks.  There's way too many taco joints in the city.  I don't need attitude with my taco.  It's a taco.  Get over it.Great atmosphere and good food!It was Great late night spot. The drinks were on point, the food was really good and fresh.  its a loud place so going with a group of friends late night after the club or just to be out this summer is great. They also have a outside patio to hang out in when time permits. I will be back!Fun Taco place. Small enough portions so you can mix and match and try different things. Love the abundance of salsa, chills so you can customize every bite to suit your taste!I'm only rating this a 4 because there was no wait when I went (which I understand is really unusual) and because the tacos were delicious and the margarita was super strong.  The waitress, on the other hand, was slow and rude.  I'm not sure if it would be worth the typical long wait if you were going to get a waitress like the one we had.  So unpleasant.  If there is no wait, though, this place is definitely worth going to - great food and drink!Big Star has a big rep! And they stand up to it by delivering powerfully flavored tacos and a great beer selection. This is a great spot for people watching.I went late on the weekend and enjoyed the Al Pastor, Fish, and Pork Belly tacos. While the tacos are significantly more expensive than the ones that you would find in a hole-in-the-wall Mexican taqueria ($3 a taco is quite a lot), the flavors are fresh, well balanced, and the meat is tender and juicy. The fish tacos were definitely my favorite. The fish was crispy and flaky. I would definitely love to go back and try some of their other tacos!We went about 30 minutes before they opened for our first trip.  We wanted to make sure we were seated.  Stood in line for about an hour - which we expected.  I had a margarita - it was small and disgusting.  Like they juiced lime and orange last week and just used the remainder in my drink.  I am a bit of a marg snob.  I make my own all the time.  My husband got the dulce de leche milk shake and it was great.  We ordered the guac for an appetizer and it was delicious but awfully small for the price.  We each had two tacos (we ordered one each of 4 kinds so we could each taste them).  I liked none - they had no flavor; the potato taco was almost indistinguishable from the rest.  The one with pineapple had more pineapple than meat.  He liked the fish taco but the rest were ehhh or below.  One had cheese on top that was not meant for tacos - my husband is Latino so I know.  It tasted like Italian cheese and was seriously off putting.  For 4 tacos, guac and the drinks it was $35.  And, the waitress ignored us while we waited for her to pick up the check - which belonged to the next table over.  We ended up waiting an extra fifteen minutes to get the correct one and then another 15 for her to come and pick it up to make change.  I had been hearing about this place for 6 months before I went and I was sadly disappointed.  It is no match for Antique Taco.This place really lives up to their reputation for great tacos. Got to try a little bit of everything and I have to say, each one was very tasty. I highly recommend the Tacos al Pastor (marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pinapple, grilled onion and cilantro), and the Tacos de Pescado (beer battered tilapia, chipolte mayo, cabbage and cilantro.)It does get pretty busy. We put our name down for an hour wait (for 6 people) and decided to go to a different bar in the mean time. I do like that they would call your cell once your table is ready. However, I knocked a star off because of the attitude we got once we got the call and came back. I told the host we had to close up at a different bar and would be right over. Once we got there, she mentioned that she didn't think we were coming and made it seem like she had to give our table away...What? I just told you we were coming. Either way, there were plenty of tables available and we were seated in a nice booth.Other than that, i highly recommend this place for their yummy tacos.Long wait, very packed. Each taco is either $3 or $4 bucks for a very small taco. Yes, they were good, but worth $3 each? Appetizer of the queso fonduto was ok. You have to pay for chips and salsa which I think is horrible in any Mexican restaurant. Overall you can get more food for a cheaper price in a smaller more party atmosphere in other places. Not worth a trip back.Note: this review is based solely on the *service/door people* Long time eater, first time complainer. In fact, I've never used this account to post any reviews until now but I'm still in complete shock as to the way in which my party was treated this evening. We arrived at 6:49 and were told the wait was approximately an hour but possibly more. There are five of us and for a Friday night I wasn't shocked or surprised. I figured we'd go home and walk over. We arrived back at 7:50 and at this point the door man wouldn't even let people inside to check where they were, use the bathroom, not freeze to death etc. It wouldn't have even been that obnoxious were there not a Christmas tree lot in the outdoor seating/standing area shuffling about asking people to move away every five seconds. They were completely unfazed when I asked them where I was on the list. It was now 8:30. I went back outside and scoped out what I could see of the booth section. It was at this point I saw the young hostess motion toward me to her partner from the window, a different less-young looking blonde, and they sniggered and pretended to not see me. I came inside to see what was going on. She had told me that there were three other people ahead of me, but they were specifically waiting for a booth to open to accommodate our size. That seemed reasonable until I noticed people from the bar moving into the next available booth not 20 minutes later. Now, more than two hours later they called and said they had a table for us and then showed us to a tiny four-top with a chair stuck at the corner wedged up against the wall. I'm was so livid that I'm sat inside and wrote this review. I love big stars food. I generally like the atmosphere. I 100% get that waiting for a table is par for the course on a Friday night in Chicago but what I DO NOT GET is why I was treated like someone who was bothersome or rude in wanting to know how much MORE TIME I should be made to wait. I'm not ever coming back.Went to Big Star last night around 6:00PM for the first time to check out the old Pontiac. Now finding a seat is going to be a trick since there doesn't seem to be any type of hostess directing traffic, I'm not sure I'd want to come expecting/needing a table. We found two spots at the bar very quickly. The chips, tacos, and tostadas we had were incredibly delicious (don't believe De Cero compares at all). The food comes out very fast so you certainly could order tacos piecemeal. As a commited bourbon drinker I was also pretty excited when I saw that the had 4 pages of bourbon in their drinkbook.Now of course you get to hear my gripes! The food was absolutely 5 stars but being a cash-only "restaurant" is a real pain and the bartender/server was clueless and disinterested at best. I cut a little slack since the place is new but she was pretty confused/flustered by my ordering specific bourbons.I will be back, but not with more than one other person until they get the seating figured out. It's be a nightmare trying to find room for a party of 4 or more.What an amazing array of deliciouses!  Bourbon and rootbeer, onions and cilantro, a kiss and a hug.If they wrapped those little pork jewels in tinfoil and sold them outside to passersby, well gosh. Let's hope that's the plan for the summer months.Tables are for four or more people, okay?  Find some friends who are hopefully not total complainer-types, and then return for great times.Really amazing tacos -won't repeat whats been said already.  My favorite was the lamb, with some of the red salsa. Tacos are only slightly more expensive than your normal tacos (la pasadita, etc) - but quite a bit smaller.  That said, they are a lot tastier, and are stuffed really full.Tried some tortas too - they were solid but not nearly as good.I just ordered take-out - so can't speak to the atmosphere. I have to say - can't wait until summer when I can eat on the patio, or take out to the park.There are alot of great tacos to be had in Chicago. If you want to eat, don't expect to be treated as you would be in a restaurant. In fact, crappy behavior / attitude by the employees is usually accompanied by the phrase "we're a bar, not a restaurant". Even though they try so hard to produce magazine-worthy Tex-Mex. Whatever. Few places to sit, lots of no-so-well-heeled hipsters and lots of gouging for space by the young and unemployed. All for tacos. Like I said, there are lots of good Tacos in Chicago.I came here on a Wednesday night with 3 of my buddies after hearing good things from ummm everyone... Ambiance: Not so much in terms of decor, but I don't think that's what they were going for. Personally I love hole-in-the-wall Mexican places where I constantly test my gastric mucosa against the likes of Escherichia coli, Campylobacter and other enterohemorrhagic gastroenteritis-causing organisms (ahem - La Pasadita...mmm). Although I fully realize that "Paul Kahan" and "hole-in-the-wall" go together about as well as chocolate ice cream and mustard; Alaskan beauty queens and New York liberals; Stephen Hawking and the X-games; me drinking and texting....oh well. Space:About 80% of the interior is occupied by the bar. There are only 4 booths for parties of 4+. So if you are rolling  less than 4 deep, it's every man, woman, child and hobbit for themselves. This is REALLY annoying. Hopefully come summertime, there will be much more outdoor seating. Food:We started with the "Salsa" which we soon found out were chips that came with 3 bottled salsas that you get anyway with your food - (i.e not traditional pico de gallo). The chips were OK - I could have done without.  OK, yes the tacos are good. And this is coming from someone who isn't that huge a fan of pork (Please keep reading!! I apologize to my bro-in-law and to Kevin from last season of Top Chef). I had the tacos Al Pastor, Lamb, Pork shoulder and the Chicken tostada. The Al Pastor was my favorite - lots of subtle flavor. Just the right amount of topping. The lamb was also great - the sauce is what did it for me. And I thought the pork shoulder matched well with the pineapple. The tostada was so-so. My buddies also had the Rajas de poblano tacos, which they said were their favorite. (But I couldn't try theirs as each taco is literally 2 bites. Yes, I understand that small tacos with few toppings are authentic). Drinks:They have a great selection of Tequila and Bourbon here. You can't really beat $1 baby-Schlitz either. Price:BE WARY!! You may think that this place is cheap after looking at the $2 and $3 tacos. But, if you are like me and can eat more than your average-sized doormouse, you will inevitably end up ordering 5-7 tacos, which adds up when you're drinking.  And cash only?? - wtf?Summary:An OK place. More of a scene than eatery. It will probably be fun in the summer when they open up outdoor seating, but inevitably the lines will be long and annoying. Go for a snack and not a meal, and keep your parties to 3 peeps or less. As for the food - stick with the tacos. My suggestion - go down the street to La Pasadita. You'll save a buck, and get even more authentic food. Although you'll sacrifice the Citizens of Humanity-wearing crowd for Cubs hats and wife beaters. But that's A-OK with me.Three words...pork belly tacos! They're awesome. Nice selection of whisky.I went to Big Star once about two months ago and it was really jammed and not  a seat to be found.  I thought it was going to be over rated like the Rick Bayless spot but this place has great food and great drinks.  From spending some time in Mexico eating at taco spots, this food at Big Star is right on.  The portions are small but that is normal (this isn't Applebee's).  I would say 3-4 tacos are suitable.  The tacos al pastor, the lamb and the pork belly tacos were great.  The meat and toppings were piled high and the salsas were explosive with the tastes combined.  I believe that the tortillas were house-made too!The atmosphere created is different, simple and modern.  What is different or distinguishes it is the food.  The food is very authentic but in very simple, modern  atmosphere.  Additionally, they have a walk up window to order food, which totally awesome and something you see in many other parts of the world outside of the U.S.The drinks are stiff but very smooth, I had the La Paloma made with Mexican Fresca.  They serve Mexican Coke and regular coke.  The Mexican coke uses sugar cane, American uses corn syrup.  The have Velvet Hour inspired drinks at $7 dollars.  Overall, I like the place, it seems like the food was high in quality and great tasting, and the drinks were spot on.So remember when you were in junior high and the "cool" thing to do was hang out in someone's basement? Well - welcome to the working professional's "someone's basement" and I mean that in the most positive manner you could think of.The drinks are strong and delish - being a whiskey girl myself, I prefered the Sarsaparilla Springs (aka whiskey and root beer). I treated myself to two and boy, were they strong and worth it.Truth be told - I didn't eat a whole lot. The guac was good but very tart and limey. I ordered the beans and tortillas as my main meal. It came with two mini-tortillas. Now I'm not a HUGE eater...but two tortillas, literally the size of just my palm? That's a bit stingy.Other than that, the atmosphere was great. We got there around 5pm and had a booth (we had a party of 7). But the time we left around 8ish on a Wednesday night, it was getting crowded.It was a great experience that I would definitely go back and myself a drink...but most likely pass on the food. But that's just moi.After a super extra bad day I was looking forward to a stiff drink and some comforting Mexican food.....unfortunately Big Star didn't deliver.The "proper" tables are only for 4 people....its a dumb rule. Especially on a Tuesday night when all the tables are empty and people are trying to elbow each other to snatch a bar stool. I understand on a busy weekend...but if they can't accommodate their patrons at the bar, it doesn't make sense. The bartender proceeds to ask me with a totally put-on southern accent, "You ordern' darlin' or you drinkin' alone?" He then confiscates my license before I am allowed to order anything. When my friend arrives and we order, we're informed you can't make any changes to your order...the only vegetarian item on the menu is the poblano tacos, which come with sour cream. I hate to be picky, but I really, really REALLY despise sour cream! The bartender drawls back at me that there are no exceptions or changes made to the menu. No changes? No order. What's with the rules at this place? The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is that the guac wasn't bad (but not great), and the chips had a nice lime hint to them. I left hungry and disappointed.I had lunch to-go here. The tacos are really amazingly good. The portions are great. BUT the price is a bit high for the portion. $2~3 for a taco... hence the 4 stars.Good for a quick bite. Tostada de Pescado is my fav.Food 5 Stars - I had the Tostada de Pescado and the Tostada de Pollo. Both were amazing but the fish one was more epic. I can't stop thinking about it and may go back again now (I was there last night). The margaritas were super strong. I like the idea of combining drinking and eating rather than having to go to one place to get dinner and then going to another place to get drinks. There is lots of energy here and it's super crowded. The downside of this place is that's it's very hard to get a place to set up camp. We managed to snag a seat at the bar after lurking for about 30 minutes. It was much more comfy after that. They are working on opening up the patio for the springtime. I can imagine that this place is going to be insanely successful.Nice neighborhood hot spot any day of the week.  I drive place this place everyday on my way home from work and the patio is always packed on a nice day... what do people do around here?! How is it packed at 3pm on a Wednesday? Don't people work?  Well, after having eaten here this past Saturday, I would leave work early to indulge in their tacos.  yum.Their drinks are delish. The house margherita is a must. Tacos are small but delish.  Order one of each! Pork belly melted in my mouth and the lamb taco was a burst of flavors I've never experienced before but cannot wait to experience again.  Queso fundido also incredible.Great al pastor taco. Price is excellent. They have a walk up order/take out area which is awesome. The food and guac are very good.The bar itself: Way crowded, kinda fake, hipserty, like I am a hipster on the weekend, but my day job does not allow me to do what I want so I listen to Phoenix and think that makes me edgy vibe. Beer prices are good, but the drafts come in small 12oz glasses, so it's not that great of a deal. Decent tequila and whiskey selection, especially if you have no idea there are more tequilas than Patron. It's not "oh my god," but it's not bad. Same goes for the whiskey selection. The patio has always been sweet. It will be crowded and hard to get a seat Thursday through Sunday. I will go again if I can get a seat in the bar or at the patio. In the meantime, walk up and try a taco.This place is always packed at night whenever I walk by, so my friend and I had to stop by to check it out today.  We went for a late lunch, and the place was getting pretty crowded for a weekday at 2pm.  I had the traditional pork taco, the pork belly taco, and the fish tostada.  All 3 were good, but the pork belly was my FAVORITE!  My friend also liked the lamb taco.  Even though our server wasn't the friendliest, I'll be back for another pork belly taco.  Mmm...!The wait is ridiculous; even on a Wednesday night we ended up waiting for over an hour and a 1/2 for a table. But at least the hostess takes your phone number and calls you when they're ready for you, so you can have a cocktail elsewhere if you wantBut seriously...it's worth the wait. The Guacamole is insane...the margheritas are INSANE...they have my favorite Texas beer(s).And the pork belly tacos? The best...and I grew in southern california and have had some wicked good tacos in my time.Plus, they play their music on vinyl. Bad-assp.s. if you just want the tacos, avoid the wait by getting them from the take-out window!Being from Austin, this place is my slice of Texas heaven.  Yummy guacamole and chips, Tito's vodka sodas, and THE best  taco I've ever had.  What taco did I love so much?  BEEF TONGUE.  I still can't believe how good it was.  I wouldn't have normally chosen it, but every single person I talked to recommended it, so  you could say the taco really chose me.Love this place.  Just wish it was more convenient to get to from my apartment. If it was, it'd be worth a visit at least once a week!Things started off bad, but got better through the night.  I met an old friend on a Tuesday night with the idea of having a couple of drinks and catching up.  Ambiance - After putting our name on the list for a table, we went inside to order drinks.  The music: louder than bud collins' wardrobe.  It was impossible to carry a non-screaming conversation inside, and we were kicked out (in?) of the patio because standing is not allowed.  After a 20 minute wait, we were seated outside.Booze / Service - solid beer selection (Lone Star, anyone?) and good cocktails...the best part was that our waitress knew her way around the drinks and was able to direct us to exactly the beverages that we wanted.  Knowledgeable staff make can make the world go round.Food - Taco Cabana these were not.  But that doesn't mean that they weren't tasty.  With healthy portions of well-seasoned meats, it is hard to go wrong with any of these.  NetNet - sit outside, order plentifully, and get educationed by your waitress.Great Idea, Good LocationChicken and pork tacos were the BOMB.Beer and bourbon selection were more than adequate.Not that impressed.Love the concept and actually had a fine experience with the host staff, who was friendly and helpful. I realize people get frustrated when they can't get a concrete wait time, but having worked in restaurants for years I can tell you that with only 5 tables and a lot of drinking going on, it's almost impossible to give an accurate estimate. It was Saturday night o the place was packed but I got lucky with some bar seats pretty quickly.The pork belly taco was delicious and definitely my fave as well. The tinga was pretty good, but I did not like the poblano chile taco at all. The chips and guac were good, I liked the radish garnish. I had 2 margaritas. They don't carry cointreau or grand marnier or anything similar so expect it to be a little different. I did like them though. The music was really loud, but also really good. Old school rock-a-billy type stuff. Think Jerry Lee Lewis and Johnny Cash. As far as bar service, there were 3 bartenders and a bar back. Two of the 3 bartenders were very friendly and helpful but the 3rd (tall blonde) was basically just rude. When we received our food but had not gotten are chips and guac yet I asked about them. All she said was okay and then I watched her put in the order. So clearly she never put the order in the first time, but we didn't get so much as an apology over it. Its something that wouldn't be a big deal at all, if her attitude wasn't so nasty. We also had an issue with things such as drinks getting picked up and cleared before we were even done with them. I know they are trying to keep things moving but it was pretty ridiculous because they also took my friend's change assuming it was a tip even though it was like $5 (from one single beer) and was right in front of her,not anywhere near the inside of the bar. I would probably go back during the summer when the patio is open but otherwise I don't have a whole lot of desire to be in a very crowded and loud place for what we got.I went to Big Star Oct. 24th with my tennis partner after tennis at Midtown Tennis Club. We enjoyed the Beer and tacos. We spent about $55. On the second tab I order 2 more beers paid in cash.  I then ordered 6 shots tequila total.  the bartender tried to rip me off by asking for $78.I complained, and she quickly changed the 6 shots charge to $48.  The bartenders @ big star were trying to steal money from me, and I'm outraged about it.  I'm sure this happens alot at big star.  I sent an complaint to the owners, no response.  they don't care about the customers... they just want your cash n to shut up n drink more.I'm totally going to NOT be at Big Star ever again.  Bartender Thieves n owners who don't care - NOT acceptableMy girlfriend lives right next to this place and although she has had a couple of "meh" experiences - I'm a fan and let's be honest.. it's all about me.Apparently the margs are decent and the food is good and inexpensive. They usually have decent beer for $2-4 a pull and tons of whiskey and tequila options - which I'm sure are great but I have yet to dabble in.The menu is small and you really can't go wrong with any of the tacos. I did try the 'mexican hotdog" dish there and wasn't a huge fan because we didn't really know how to eat it and it wasn't particularly tasty.The few times I have been, the place has been pretty crowded but the wait is never too bad. The place is ultra hipster so get ready to be overwhelmed in a sea of flannel shirts and guys wearing jeggings. Everyone is really friendly though - including the staff. The first time I went I wasn't really sure how to order and I ordered about 12 tacos and 3 dishes for my girlfriend and I and the server was like "dude.... that's an insane amount of food - wayyyy too much" - which I appreciated.Pretty Big Fan of Big Star.If i didnt become a vegan 2 weeks ago, i would be here all the time. I went to big star 3 weeks ago for the bf's birthday. We've been to avec, blackbird, and the publican so i thought it was only fair we check this place out! (Last stop is the Violet Hour on Paul Kahan's list!!) Initially we were planning on the Girl and the Goat, but after some unforeseen events, we were unable to make it. Since i live 2 blocks away, we decided this would be quick, easy, and fun. We went at 9:30 on a saturday night. Needless to say, the place was packed. We ended up on one of those standing perches attached to every wall.  The bartender was great! He was very knowledgable about every kind of drink they had.. and even the food. Both the drinks and taco's came out quick. We also ordered some chips and queso (i think it was queso... i had had a few drinks before we came!)I got the taco with the Queso cheese (i had never had queso before.... and it became one of my favorites!) I dont remember the name of it because i was semi drunk already. We didn't stay long, the bf had some family obligations to get to.I will definitely be back to this place once i can eat meat/cheese again!!!!!! Hopefully, i will be able to sit next time...The number one reason I love this place, the margaritas! Just a warning though, these will knock you on your butt. Pork tacos are a-maze with some chips and guac!!This place is great in the summer but in the winter they close out part of the outdoor space and gives a very cozy feel, so enjoyable all year round!!I went to Big Star for the first time about a year ago.  The setup was a little confusing, to the point that I think it was almost designed to make you feel stupid.  We couldn't get a table or seats at the bar, so we were stuck in the back of the restaurant, feeling both ignored and constantly in the way.  We weren't sure how or where to order and at the end of the night, we messed up the paying process as well.  Oh well.I gave this place five stars because the tacos are the best I've had in Chicago.  I don't pretend to be a taco aficionado, but I've had a fair amount of tacos in my day, and I think these may be the best.  All of them.  The guacamole is also very good.For a taqueria, the prices are a little bit high, but for the quality of food, they're quite reasonable.  It depends on how you want to think about it I guess.I have stopped here twice.  Once late at night on a Tuesday night and once on a Friday evening.  It was packed both times, and for a good reason.  The mini tacos are fantastic.  I have tried Al Pastor, Rajas and Fish.  The atmosphre is fun, bartenders and servers are great.   The only thing I would have to complain about is how long it takes to get a seat.  Next time I will just wait around for a seat at the ginormous bar.The only things I'm going to say about this place is the al pastor tacos are great and the hot dog is not.I would never wait in a 30+ minute line for the tacos.I always go with the side window take out and grab a couple and go.As for the hot dog, it sounded great but wasn't that good and was overwhelming. It was very spicy and huge, to the point you had to use a knife and fork. I didn't care for it.Space is cool in it's hipster/non-materialistic manner.After what seemed like 2 weeks of endless rain, the sun finally came out, and I was itching for a good patio. I decided to finally give into the hype and go to Big Star. The patio area looked full, but there were plenty of spaces to squeeze in along the picnic benches by the take-out taco window, so I opted for take-out.   I ordered three tacos- taco del pescado, taco al pastor, and taco de panza. While the accompanying salsas turned out to be tasty, each taco's flavors were so tantalizing and perfect in themselves, that I did not really feel a need to add anything but the customary lime.     However, I do believe that there are even much better tacos at many of the little taquerías and Mexican restaurants throughout the city, and therefore, I am only giving Big Star 4 stars. For example, Tío Luis' on Archer's taco de carne asada with cilantro, cebolla, y crema feeds my taco fantasies any day, and the homemade tortillas at Café Mundial  on 18th or at Amelia's on 47th & Halsted beat the tortillas at Big Star any day! Oh, yes, and their horchata is just so-so. It's missing the lovely glumps of cinnamon and rice you would find elsewhere. I would give Big Star 3 stars if it weren't for the convenient location & fun patio!   I'll definitely be back, though, for more tacos de pescado and to laugh at all the poorly pronounced orders at the taco window! :)I finally made it over to Big Star. I have to say I have avoided the place since I moved back to Wicker Park due to the fact that it is seemingly always packed and I'm always too hungry to wait to get in.All I can say is shame on me for not trying this place sooner!The fish tacos are so freaking good. I actually dreamt about them the other day. No, seriously, I dreamt of Big Star's fish tacos. Mmmm.This place is a great addition to the neighborhood, I love the atmosphere and it is like 8 billion times cleaner than Pontiac, which it replaced. Although I do miss Cowboy Bingo. ;)Make sure you bring cash, no credit/debit accepted.I have been to this place several times and I can easily say that it is one of my favorite places to go in Wicker Park and Chicago in general.  The tacos are great.  I'm pretty partial to the Pescado, but the others are good too and all of them are $3 a pop.  Pretty inexpensive for a sit down meal.I've also had the Sonoran Hot Dog.  The first time I had it, it was amazing.  The second time it was a bit too salty.  They're margaritas are well made too.  Try a pitcher.They have a very impressive whiskey and beer selection.  Everyday there is a different whiskey shot special.  I think the last one I had was a shot of "Old Grandad" for $3.  They post the specials on their website.Overall, this place is a great experience whether you get a table, sit at the bar, or stand at the "tables" along the wall.  I have done all of the above.  They always seem to switch up the music, but I haven't been when the genre has strayed from country.  They will not be playing Rascal Flatts or Tim McGraw though, which is VERY ok with me.Warning: If you expect to walk into this place on a weekend between 6-11pm and be immediately sat, you have another thing coming.  If you don't feel like waiting and are strictly there to eat, go ahead and use the takeout window to the right of the main restaurant.I only pull it back to 4 stars due to the wait and service.The food: tacos are amazazing.  The head chef there really loves his food and it shows.  I have zero problems with the tacos.  They are everything I want in a taco.  Plenty of other great options too: sonoron hot dog if you're into pure madness.  It's a hot dog on steroids.  Plenty of classic dishes and the ensalada de big star is perfectly executed every time.'so why not just get food from the walk-up to-go window and call it a day?'The drinks: 7 oz. schlitz.  A midwest classic.  Big Star also has a featured whiskey shot for each day of the week.  These choices regularly rotate.  They're all good whiskeys, but featured shots are only $3.  It's a great way for you to try out some fantastic whiskeys and find your favorites without having to spend too much cash.  This is perfect for the 'oft hipster crowd, as they can all have their own favorite whiskey and drop those dreaded lines: 'but you've probably never heard of it'.  Whatever, I can deal with the 'scene' there.  If not, I'll just order a margarita that's stronger than a silverback gorilla.  Damn good, too.Service/wait:  Big Star isn't a huge space, so there's always potential for awkwardness as you may be bumped around until you're standing right over someone's table.  The wait may be long, so elbow your way in to the island bar and order a drink.  The service is what you may expect from a joint like this.  Servers are too few and due to being overworked and shouted at, they can't help but be apathetic to individual queries or requests.  Plus, hipsters don't tip.Look, these guys put this place in this location because they wanted to make sure they get a lot business.  The place wouldn't be busy for only that reason, however.  Their food and drinks are great, and the owners have done an excellent job of highlighting both, rather having one take a backseat to the other.  Do many of the patrons spend hours in front of a mirror trying to make it look like they don't give a damn what they're wearing? Yes.  Could it be worse?  Yes.  Much, much worse (been to kumas lately?).  You're only being glared at because people are pissed you've found their spot. Chicago's restaurant scene is blossoming more than ever, and Big Star is often dropped into that conversation.  If you hate crowds, be sure to go during off hours but either way, you must go here.And if you don't order an esalada de big star there, do yourself a favor and get one to go.Rock on Big Star, we all love you!Cheap.Fun. You can't Beat.I turned to Big Star to save me from a case of the hungries.  I only had the pork belly taco with a side of roasted jalapenos, but if the rest of the menu fares as well as those two then I will definitely be paying Big Star another visit. The pork belly taco was simple and delicious - crispy pork belly, onions, cilantro, lime.  Can't go wrong with classic combinations.  The jalapenos added a nice kick to my taco snack.I ordered from the pickup window since I needed to be fed fast.  The service was quick to satisfy my hunger.  Prices include tax, so you don't need to waste energy counting out change.  All energy can be focused on chowing down on tacos!I avoided this place for a really long time, because it was always overflowing with people. Sitting amongst a large group of hipsters and paying more than $2 for a taco is not my idea of a great time.Finally ended up going and I must say that their guacamole is AMAZING. I would go back, just for that.Hate that it's cash only. Love that it's mostly outdoor seating.I love Big Star! Cool music, good food and AMAZING cheladas (the micheladas are a bit too spicy for me). And cheap! So why am I not giving them 5 stars? Well, for three reasons:- It is always packed, and the place is pretty noisy so some times is just not pleasant to be there.- The guys in the door can be pretty damn stupid. The waiters are nice though.- They don't accept credit/debit cards, and Wicker Park is known for its lack of ATMs which makes it even more frustrating. I just don't like going to places that don't accept credit cards or shops that don't give the money back.It might not seem like a lot but, even though I love the food, I haven't been there (and i live around the corner) in months just because of these three reasons!1st experience- LOVED the tacos2nd experience- They were JUST ok....Negs:  Parking is crazeee            Crowded-always            Not in love w/their beer selection+ :        When the tacos are good, they're good.            Menu needs a steak option? Fish was ok but the pork rocked!Great food, cheap drinks and fun people. That's really all you need to know. I dropped in with two friends after a bit of drinking and quickly got seats at the bar on a busy Saturday night. Unfortunately they were out of Sonoran dogs, but we still managed to have a near perfect time.Best tacos in the city. Well at least so far. The tostada de pollo  is great and so are the tacos al pastor. They have some great drinks. Big star just put in additional seating with is a nice addition.  It is usually very crowded especially on the weekends so expect to stand at the bar. They have several gluten free options which helps for those who need it. Great outdoor seating for the summer. There. Short and sweet.  Enjoy.Pros:- Nice patio.- Heated indoor patio that actually stays warm in the winter.- Delicious Tacos al pastor.- Gumball Head on tap.- Attentive, but not overbearing service.- Intriguing bacon-wrapped hot dog that I want to try in the future.this place is a pain in the ass to get a table at, but it's worth it. Go during the week, go right when it opens, go in the freezing cold, do what you have to do but just go there!The drinks are heaven, the food is even MORE heaven, and their kitchen is open till 2, which is really important to drunk me. I hate waiting, so I have walked away from their crowds more than once, but when you come and just the right time and can snag a table? perfection.Everyone secretly loves day drinking anyway.I want to preface this review by saying that I really dislike Mexican food. Sure, I'll eat it- but I have never voluntarily selected a Mexican restaurant as a food or drink spot. And never in a million years did I think I would actually actively enjoy my food. Big Star has done it, the only downside is that my chances of ever getting in without waiting 2 hours are slim to none. The tacos are REALLY good. I tried most of them, other than the pork ones, and they were all really good. Most of them are on the spicy side, so be ready for a kick and have a drink available nearby in case you need it. They also have really good margaritas and a pretty extensive beer menu. This is one of the only bars I've been to in the city that has Gumball Head beer in stock, so if you're looking for that, this is the place to go. Their bar also has some bourbons that are not widely available at bars in the city.The service is good, the atmosphere was fun and festive, and the outdoor seating is pretty big and looked very sunny. However, the wait for an outside table was quoted to us at 2 hours. We were sitting inside waiting for an outdoor table for 5 hours and our name was never called, because I guess nobody was leaving. So if it's a nice day out and you can't get there really early, don't expect to get a table outside. Oh well- I guess I'll keep trying.tacos = VERY good wait time = ridiculousthough i was really happy with the quality of the food (who wouldn't be after hungrily waiting for something to eat for two long hours?), i definitely would not wait that long again. the walking taco (it's in a fritos bag!) was particularly ingenious and delicious, and the guacamole was super fresh with a nice bite. they put radishes in it for a little extra kick, something i will have to start doing at home! the margaritas were good, but nothing amazing. the best taco i had was the sweet potato filled one (my husband and i ordered one of each and split them all), so i definitely recommend that one.sitting on the patio during the summer is a fun experience with plenty of opportunities for people watching, but i think next time, we might just get them to go and eat in the adjacent park! **sidenote - the grilled jalapenos are VERY good, but don't make the mistake i did and eat a WHOLE one in three bites of a taco. your mouth will be on fire for hours, and my stomach still hasn't recovered.Best fish taco for the best price in chi-town for sure! Amazing guac and other varieties of tacos. I could never live in Wicker for fear I would eat here all the time and become a sumo wrestler.I hit up Big Star while visiting my sister, who's been a Chicagoan for several years now. It was pretty busy for a Wednesday night, but we were eventually able to find seats at the bar after a little wandering. I had a Paloma (maybe two? Can't remember...) and a Taco al Pastor, both of which were delish. Loooved the cooked pineapple in the taco. The service at the bar was actually pretty quick and accurate, considering how packed the place was. I'd love to go there again for lunch sometime, especially now that it appears the patio's open!This was the last stop on our food crawl soooo we just stopped by the taco window for 2 fish tacos to go as we were slightly full. I would like to come back another time but the taco window was fast, service was friendly, and tacos came hot. Tacos did not become soggy an hour later which was awesome. Their salsa verde is what made the taco - it was quite garlic/cilantro filled. I could probably drink it...YUM!Really good tacos, strong margaritas, big outdoor patio, don't like the salsa they have at the table in plastic bottles, but overall a solid place to eat, drink, and hangout.  The only downside is this place gets crazy busy at times (if not all the time) and I'm not a fan of waiting to be seated, especially for just tacos, and it's cash only.  Come on, it's the 21st century, who carries more than 20 bucks in their wallet when you have a debit card?  These days if you only deal with cash I assume you either cheat your taxes and/or sell drugs.  It doesn't matter to me since I'm just there for some tacos, but make sure to stop by the ATM if you plan on coming here and also prepare to wait for a table.I think some of the other reviews had said it, but there's a little bit of a tude happening here with the staff and the clientele.  Maybe I'm not in their demo.  I mean the music was great although trying very hard to be hipster tunes and I'm ok with the volume.  But you should know its cash only.  There is an ATM but....for $3 a taco the service fees will end up costing you double.  So that was annoying (not the policy the hostess quickly saying there's an ATM)  You order and it comes out when its ready "family style".  They were cool about my friend not wanting cheese on hers and putting some meat on the side for the queso.  But you know, you order dip you want it before the tacos and a tray of tacos just seemed odd.  2 of the 3 of us got ours immediately so we wait for the other tacos.  I had 2 fish tacos which were very good but not the best taco I've ever had.  It was seasoned well.  Then a guy grabs my plate as I'm taking the last bite.  What tha...so no chance of picking up the fallen bits.  That was the 2nd time that happened too.  As I was taking my 2nd taco off of the family style share plate the guy grabs it before I can get the slice of lime.Then the queso arrives and I'm w/o a plate.Also no place for your handbag which if you have read my other reviews is a peeve of mine.  I had my purse hook out.If I were 20 this would be a fun 1st date place.  But I'm not so maybe I'd be back if that's where everyone was going but I wouldn't seek it out.My go to taco joint for sure.  I like to check it out with 2-3 friends, order up a pitcher of margs with chips and guac, and then go nuts on the tacos.  De Panza, Al Pastor and De Pescado are sure hits.Let's make this simple...Food = A+Service = D-Pick-Up Window = A-It doesn't matter how many times I have horrible service, I keep going back.  Food is amazing.  I dream about these tacos.delicious tacos. chips & guac mehOver-rated food, under-whelming service. The bouncers and doormen make you feel like they are doing you a favor by letting you in, and need to lose their attitudes bc this is a taco joint, not a night club.Food was good but not great, ur better off grabbing a taco from the to-go window and eating on the blue line, instead of dealing with the shit show that is Big Star.I have no idea why anyone bothers with this restaurant. I understood the crowd before showing up, so that wasn't the issue. But once you wait over an hour for a table in the hot sun at 11 for lunch, I absolutely expect the wait staff to at least treat you reasonably well. Our waitress asked us literally two questions "What can I get you" and "Is your food okay." We had to find her to get our check and she took over 30 minutes to get us change, even though she walked by our $20 bill a countless number of times. That means we spent over 3 hours at the restaurant, with no AC, on a very very hot day. Really awful service...I can spend my money elsewhere.As for the actual place itself: The atmosphere is fine. It's hot and gritty, but that's what I expected. The drinks are fine, although the bartenders don't treat you any better than the waiters. The food is fine, but 75% of the menu seems to be pork. If you don't eat pork, don't even consider eating here. I had a potato taco and a chicken taco (basically the only two non pork items), and by the time I ate my food I had such a headache from drinking a pitcher of margaritas in the hot hot sun, that the whole unique experience of Big Star was just kind of meh for me.EVERYTHING - I really mean EVERYTHING is PHENOMENAL here! Really though.Big Star is my go to spot in Wicker. Can't go wrong with anything there. Tacos, Guac, Drinks, NOM.I'll definitely come back but I was super underwhelmed. I didn't have to wait at all which was surprising and appreciated. We got the chips that came with "2 housemade salsas" and it turned out the salsas were already on our table, in squeeze bottles. So I guess you squeeze some salsa onto each chip? I mean yeah, it's doable, but no. And the chips were incredibly bland. The platanos fritos was very good if not entirely fresh-tasting, and I thought the fish taco was delicious but the taco al pastor was just all right. Good, but not nearly what I'd expect given the hype. If I had just stumbled into this place, I'd probably be pleasantly surprised, but I've heard of nothing but Big Star since I moved to the North Side this year and I was not super jazzed about it. However, I hope next time I go I will be able to give it 4 stars or maybe even ..... five. Well, let's not get crazy.I had see this joint profiled on the Yahoo list of Top 10 taco joints in America. Even though it took a 45-minute drive to the blue line and then a 15-minute trip on the blue line, I had to try it out. I walked through a sea of undecorated Christmas trees and opened the flimsy door that looked like it came off someone's back porch. The centerpiece of this place is the rectangular shaped 4-sided bar. At 2:30 on a Saturday, I would guess of the 40 or so seats there, 38 were taken. And all 15 or so tables were occupied, always a good sign. I grabbed a stool and ordered a limeade to drink. Pretty refreshing drink, though I would have liked it a little colder.I ordered three tacos. The first was the standard pescado with beer battered tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro, and lime. The fish came out very crispy and moist. The mayo added some kick as well. A very solid fish taco. Then I sank my teeth into the al pastor, which is marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, and cilantro. Now I've eaten al pastor a couple of times before. Never has it been this good. The pork was so tender and had a little bit of a smokiness to it. There was just the right amount or pineapple and cilantro to round it out really well. Finally, I had the taco de panza which is crispy, braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro. This one was a little saucier than the others. The guajillo added a late kick of spice, not hot, but just a little extra kick. The crumbled queso on top really helped to round this one out. I still wasn't full so I asked the girl at the bar about the Sonoran hot dog, which was a hot dog I had heard about and seen on TV, but never tried for myself. She warned me I better be hungry. She also said it was around the size of a small football. I said bring it on. Within five minutes, it came out. A crispy, bacon wrapped, all beef hot dog topped with chopped tomatoes, pinto beans, lime mayo, mustard, onions, and hot sauce on a bolillo roll. The smokiness of the bacon worked perfectly with the juicy frank. The roll held up well, despite being drenched in so many sauces. I actually ate the dog with a fork and had next to no trouble wiping it out. Total bill: $19, before tip. Excellent and definitely worth a return.Place is over rated and overly priced.Staff's attitude is poor. would not recommend it.Bring back the old taco de pollo! You know? The ones with the crispy onions? I had the new one yesterday and couldn't finish it. Barf.Great food and "jammin" strong margaritas as my drunk girlfriend refers to them as. Will go again!My favorite is the Al Pastor and the guac. Soooo good. Don't skip either :)The old Pontiac has been transformed by the owners of Violet Hour and more...I like it, tacos are a bit high on price but they are good.  Plus there are 3 dollar mexican beers everyday, so that's definitely something.Overall a cool place.I stopped at this late night window last night for the second time....And let me say, I can not get enough.Unfortunately the woman working the take out window must of had something stuck up her behind, and that must have caused her bad attitude. Was not impressed with her or her attitude...We're the ones standing in 25 degree weather waiting for your food, yet she's the one with the sour attitude.Anyway, the food is fantastic, it's like little Mexican angles in my mouth! I had the veggie taco last night, and plan to return tonight for another round!Dark, damp and Monday... more than enough reasons to eat mexican food and drown some sorrows.So at 6ish on Monday night we had the choice of about 4 or 5 2tops at the circular central bar and there were some booths free too. Yes it's true as all other posters have mentioned, unless you have green eyes, your name is a palindrome of a popular progrock band and you ooze irony (OR alternatively have what they deem 'enough companions') you will not be allowed to sit in a booth. Didn't matter to us as there were plenty of stools to go round and booths are for kissing teens anyway. It mattered to the mass of people that crammed in the door in the following 15 minutes after we did though, who had to stand around with their thumbs up their asses hawking seats... beware this shitstorm, if it happened Monday I'd hate to see this place on a Friday evening...Anyhow - on to the food.... They are being smart and using the cheaper and tastier cuts of meat, so the prices are reasonable $2-3 for a taco. And you get the benefit of the taste - the al pastor is a good effort at traditional and has the sticky sweetness of the pineapple in there for sure, lamb shoulder was ok but not the right time of year for lamb, but the winner for me was the pork belly taco. Crispy, delicious chunks of pork with just the right heat. Perfect! Wish I'd ordered more of them, as the rest of the dishes, although good, paled in comparisson.Suitably cool music (vinyl of course), laid back atmosphere, good cheap food and hard drinks. Great for a quick bite and a few beers, I'd guess it'd be a good late night spot as long as it cleared out a bit.Only losing a star for shoddy seating regulations and cash only bar.Go, eat pig, drink bourbon, be happy.Finally came here sober yesterday and left feeling pretty good.  Split a $30 pitcher of their house margarita with my friend.  Fresh lime juice, Tequila, Mezcal, and some Orange Liquor.  Big cubes of ice were good so they didn't melt quick and water down the drink.   The tacos are great.  Had the pork belly, lamb, and pastor tacos.  Thumbs up to all three.  The patio is going to be slammed all summer just like the old Pontiac was except this place is so much nicer and much better food.Wow that was tasty. Great place to catch up with a friend Friday during lunch with no wait (unlike weekends) and phenomenal tacos. Wow.Got the guac free (very tasty, a little too much lime but one of the best i've had) because our order was late, so i'm not complaining.Will definitely be back here.I have eaten here about a dozen times now and generally when sitting in the restaurant or at the patio the experience is a good one.  The tacos are excellent and cheap and so are the beers.The lower rating here is due entirely to the food-to-go window.  The person working the window annoyingly refused to make me three tacos without onion, insisting that I go inside the bar to make my order (even though it is the same kitchen).  Now this sucks because there is always a long line to get into the bar area with one in one out, and there was no one in line at the take away window.So I had to wait in line to get in, then go into the overcrowded bar and make my food order, I waited ten minutes, and then they gave me the tacos...and they had onions.  So I asked for them to be remade and the bartender looked at me like I was the biggest asshole in the bar.  Finally they came out right, then I had to walk out and around the corner back to the picnic benches where the food window is.  By this time my girlfriend had finished her meal and I was too pissed off to enjoy mine.I tried the same thing a second time hoping for better results on a day when the take-out window was even less crowded, and was turned away again.  The head chef, who happened to be walking by, basically told us tough luck.  So we left and ate at pennys across the street.Despite liking the food and outdoor area, I'm soured on this place and don't want to go back.Ok, I want to like this place. I really do. First off, I am from Texas, so I like the vibe, and by vibe I mean the one that the staff is trying for, the music, the feel, not the people that actually frequent the place. The food: Good, ok pretty damn good, its a little pricey but worth it I believe it is worth it. The drinks: I love whiskey, so we are all good there. The Service: My god it is awful. Now, to preface this, I have worked in restaurants and bars before. I am not demanding and I know how things are. Also, I don't come here when there is a line down the block or when it is bat shit crazy. I like to go out on off nights and would usually prefer not to be in the midst of what that place can be say on a Friday at 8 pm. If a place is packed to the gills, I expect that things will take a while. So, the first time I tried the food there were four of us, two of us had never eaten here and the other couple had only been once before since at this point it was only open for a few weeks. We all ordered three different tacos, wanting to try everything out. Our waitperson wrote nothing down. Not a big deal, I used to wait tables and I told myself the menu isn't that big, maybe she is a badass. It took a while, but I knew they had just opened and there are always kinks when a place is first getting started, no biggie. When we got our food mine was the only order that was correct. Again no biggie, but they never took the plates away from the other three and then it took about another 30 mins to get the right order. Maybe our wait staff should have written it down, but it was being made right. When it came time to pay, the waitress asked us if we had eaten the three wrong tacos, we told her we had and then she said "cool, I will go ahead and charge you for them"  Now, I am not cheap, we paid for everything and tipped, however I would never charge a customer for something that was my mistake. We didn't pick up the wrong order, it was brought to us. Not to mention that getting a drink is never quick at the bar, even on a slow night with three bartenders and a bar back and maybe 20 people. There have been several times that I would have liked another beer, but due to the fact that I have been waiting for 15-20 mins between them, while sitting at the bar, I just cut my losses and go elsewhere. With a little more focus on the service this place could be pretty good.I love this place. I don't know if it has something to do with the Rockabilly music blaring that brings out my adoration of all things Southern, but I absolutely dig the ambiance at this joint. Seriously the music is blaring inside, so don't plan on having a super intimate conversation with your loved one.I lived in Mexico for a year and I'm probably the toughest critic of all Mexican cuisine, but these guys do a great job of simulating some of the authentic tastes of Mexico. The tacos al pastor are quite tasty, though the last time I visited the meat was a little colder/harder than I would have liked. Get a michelada beer...super spicy, yummy, perfect accompaniment to the food. And their margaritas are STRONG. In fact it seems they have a heavy hand on all liquor drinks, so don't be surprised if you're rocking a buzz after 1 drink.I also encourage you to go late afternoon and sit outside on their patio during the summer. Even if you end up inside they usually have the garage doors raised and the fans are blowing up a storm, so it's wonderfully breezy, just like sitting outside. Great restaurant for the $! Enjoy!Hella lame that they have host/hostess.. Its a bar/taco joint for fucks sake!!!!Food is also mediocre and the best part about the whole place is the old garage space that it runs under. Or maybe its the sound of traffic and the train passing by all day??Big Star is hit or miss.  I've had great service and great food and I've had lousy service and mediocre food there.  The queso fundido is AMAZING with homemade chorizo.  The special hot dog was meh.  The pork belly tacos and the chicken thigh tostadas are consistently delicious.  I should also mention it's only 2 or 3 bucks a taco and you can get a 1 dollar glass of beer.  I took my dog to the patio during the summer-she loves it there.Some advice for tourists and idiots:Big Star's bar is not a full bar and NEVER claimed to be.  They make specialty drinks and focus on beer, whisky and tequila ONLY.  Don't get ANGRY when you can't get your "captain and coke."  I've seen bartenders get verbally abused for not being able to make an off-the-menu drink (see the review re: the cadillac margarita).  It ain't Uncle Julio's, so just take 'er easy.I had high hopes for Big Star, many friends had talked it up.  I finally tried to with some friends from out of town.  It was so crowded that seats were out of the question and drinks were hard to come by.  We ended up eating across the street before heading to another bar for the evening.    However, I was determined to give it a fair shake.I came back a few weeks later with my girlfriend.  We got there a fair bit earlier in an attempt to find seats.  We lucked out and got seats at the bar almost immediately.  The beer selection was good.  The American whiskey selection was excellent.  We ordered a handful of tacos and some chips and guac.  The chips and guac was excellent.  The tacos were pretty good (probably wouldn't get the poblano one again), but got to us a little bit cold.  I wouldn't mind trying some of their tostadas which looked pretty awesome.I want to come back in the summer when the outdoor seating is available.  I think that the experience might work better in the summer, and it will help with the generally lacking indoor seating.Big Star will be the one thing I will miss more than anything else about Wicker Park when I move.Expect a wait because if you don't like waits you'll just hate this place and kick a dog on your walk home.  How bad?  In the summer on a Friday night - it can get up to three hours.  *One Piece of Advice* they often have a huge list of people waiting.  I've managed to sneak in early because other people weren't in the area when they were called, so stay near Big Star.  You can try Violet Hour or Blue Line across the street to kill time and get a nice buzz.Food:Crispy pork belly and fish tacos are great and only $3 apiece.  Sonoran hot dog is HUGE and a big mess - leave your dignity and go in face first.  Queso fundido is delicious and filling - unless you're lactose intolerant (probably worth it anyways - stick near the bathroom).  And if you're vegetarian (why?!?), the vegetarian tacos and salads are awesome.Alcohol:Great selection of draft  and bottle beer.  Tons of micro beers including Stone and Lagunitas.  For the price and value - I can't get enough Big Star.  It's also the single best people watching place in Wicker park during the summer.  The people that work here have a little spunky attitude and I love it.  I'd say beware the hipsters, but they've pretty much taken their tight pants and obscure bands to Logan Square, so any remainders can be easily fought off with pop culture and name brand clothing.I'm from Texas...Austin Tx...the city of Taco stands and Taco trucks galore. When i first moved here to Chicago, I had heard a lot of people bring up how delicious Big Star was....and specifically the Pork Belly Taco.Very true. Big Star, while the menu is limited, does not disappoint when it comes to satisfying your cravings for Tex Mex style food. They are all sold single taco style and run for about 3 bucks a taco. They are quite small but full of flavor. The Guacamole and chips is really good, The margaritas are consistently on point, the hot dogs LOOK amazing...the guy next to me was scarfing one down and I was really turned on by that lime mayo that was drizzled on top.Pork Belly taco is soooo good and I also highly recommend the pollo tostada. Service can be kind of slow sometimes. There is usually a wait on weekends and even some weeknights unless you go in late like i did last night. We got a table right away. Sitting at the bar is no problem either which is first come first some...and don't forget to drink a lonestar......The official beer of Texas.I'm a Rogers Park resident, but I found myself at Big Star late on a Friday night.  It was packed inside, but we were just there for a quick snack so we went to the take-out window instead.  Ordered an al pastor taco for $3 and asked for no cilantro (it tastes like soap to me!).  Got my taco, and surprise...it had cilantro on it.  When I went to the window to point this out, the counter girl very brusquely told me that there were "no modifications" and pointed to a small, faded sign written in pencil on the counter (not, say, anywhere near the menu) and then rudely closed the window on me.  Uh...bogus!In summary: the al pastor was kind of tough and chewy (not melty-in-your-mouth like it should be) and was palatable but nothing excellent.  The service is lacking and $3 is a lot for a mediocre taco.  Don't waste your time or money on this one.Big Star has a lively, young and casual feel to it.  The bar is a decent size and the kitchen is open late night.  After an easy night out in the Wicker Park "ring of fire," my group decided to stop by Big Star.  I had never been before, but they were naturals.  Food was ordered and coming to the table before I even knew.  Everything was tasty and I was stuffed before I knew it.  Good times, great tacos, cheap whiskey shots and lively atmosphere.I got awesome service at Bigstar last night... unexpected to say the least....Libby (Bartender) was so nice and didn't dish out the infamous Bigstar attitude...Oh and the fish tacos are soooo incrediblePaul Kahan you are a bad mansad to see this place getting packed with all sorts of yuppies, but when the food is this good, I guess word travels fastall the haters out there are just dumb....  Bigstar is the shitGreat place to grab drinks and grub during the week. Way too packed to enjoy during the weekend, unless you get there early.Order the tacos and a lone star.Oh how I love Big Star! Even after living in Maui for 13 months, Big Star may have the best fish tacos that I have ever tasted. In fact I've yet to have anything on the menu that wasn't short of amazing...which isn't surprising coming from these guys who basically dominate the Chicago restaurant scene. Oh yeah and the Hud is one phenomenal cocktail!The service could definitely be improved as the majority of the staff seems to have a serious attitude problem but that still won't keep me away...and you can always order at the window and take your food to go.4 for the laid back, chill atmosphere and ambiance. The best taco is the Al Pastor.  @Ashley S. and I agreed the marg pitcher was great...and I loved sitting outside directly in the sun eating delicious guac and drinking myself a margarita with perfectly cubed ice.The hostess tried to play a little tough, but she didn't front for long and we ended up getting a good table with a cool waitress.I've never eaten here (aside from the most overpriced guac on the planet), but the margaritas are outstanding, the outdoor seating is perfect on a warm summer day and the staff is generally friendly.As with pretty much any establishment in this town, your wait time is going to depend on YOU. You're not going to be seated right away at 9:30 on a Saturday night, so why expect it? Get there at 5:30, get hammered until the sun goes down and enjoy the people and pup watching.If I could, I would get tacos from here every day!  I've tried every taco and every taco is good but by far the best tacos are the fish and the pork belly.  I've also tried the sonoran hot dog and I believe the chicken tostada and both were good but the tacos are the stars here.    The outdoor seating area is nice but you definitely need to get here early to snag one of those tables. If you don't want to wait for a table, the great thing is there is a walk up window where you can order tacos and bring them home.Not bad overall. Price is on the cheaper side, got different types of beers.I had Tacos al Pastor and Tacos de Pescado, shared Queso Fundido with my friend. Tried Pranqster (sp?) which is a golden ale.Both tacos had good flavors but really enjoyed Queso Fundido which comes with tortillas. Good cheese dip to share as an appetizer.I'd go back for more tacos but the wait is a bit too long. Waited for about 50min - 1hr. Food is good but I've had better tacos.Chicago is for sure a town full of amazing food, no doubt about that. BUT good Mexican food? I was a little skeptical... But, as it turns out, I was wrong!The menu is super simple, yet fun with great ingredients. Not authentic, but that hardly matters... The food is awesome and I highly doubt they're trying to sell it as "authentic". Great location, good amount of outdoor seating and, if you don't feel like waiting, there's a cool little take-away section off to the side thats super quick. Awesome place! For sure check it out if you're even in this city!Big Star has a wonderful outdoor seating area that rocks on warm days. The food and the service is very good. But the booze is overpriced and what's the deal with the little 12 oz glasses of beer? C'mon, man! Pour me a PINT of beer.Them some tasty tacos! Paired with a good tequila cocktail and some honky tonk music in the background...hard to beat!! You did good Big Star, keep up the good work!All I can muster up as I drool is...I CRAVE BIG STAR DAY AND NIGHT!!!Mmmmm quest fundido........4 Stars for the 'To Go' window. Only took 15 minutes, and you can still sit outside and people watch and enjoy a Coke in a glass bottle. I have never gone inside and refuse to do so because of the wait, which is why this window was really an excellent idea. The tacos de pescado are yummy, the sauce was a touch on the spices side but overall they were fresh and tasty. Just pick up your tacos and grab a seat at a picnic table or head over to the park- the people watching is better outside vs. inside!A bit overrated. It's a cool place to hang out, but the food and drinks are just ok. I don't think it's worth the 1-2 hour wait.Well let me say small tacos with big taste. The best on the menu is the fish tacos. Have a beer from the tap and a quick shot of Five Rose's  and you are all set for the evening. Close to the train so its a great stop off place on your way down town.Tacos were decent.  Pork belly was very heavy and could have used some sort of pickled veggies to cut through the grease.  The potato tacos were my favorite.  Portions were small.  If you want to drink and be seen, then this is the place for you. If you are looking to enjoy a nice meal in some relative quiet then move on.  Bartendars were too busy to chat and not especially outgoing.Really incredible Tacos, definitely get the Al Pastor. Possibly a little over-rated in terms of hype and coolness factor. I would never wait in line for this place, instead I always pick up from the window. Service can be mediocre but that is sort of the charm of Big Star? Plus, they get enough business that they probably dont have to have amazing serviceCheck out my full review here: thebuckwheater.com/big-s…Oh Big Star, how I love thee! Your tacos are always so tasty and your drinks sure to please. The salad though.... YEEEEEAAAAAHHHH!!!!An Unrequited Love Story starring me and some tacosOh Big Star,Your tacos are amazing and addictive. Your drinks? Superb. Your service? Crappy. Your bar layout? Horrible. Your wait? A dagger to my heart. EXPAND YOUR PATIO.I went there on a lovely sunny Saturday hoping to get a seat in the patio. The hostess told me it would be a two hour wait. 2 HOURS FOR SOME TACOS? Umm nah. I've had them before. Great, but def not worth two hours of my life. How do people wait that long for Big Star? We waked to the pick up window, got our tacos in 5 mins, then went somewhere else for better drinks.Here's how to enjoy Big Star:1. Just hit up the pick up window on the weekends or you will have to wait about 2 days for a table.  2. If you really want a table there, quit your day job and go during the day on a week day (it's worth it...I swear).3. Order fish tacos. Lots of them. 4. Order a margarita pitcher (when you manage to get in). So soooo necessary. 5. Bring cash.Good place to sit alone on a Sunday afternoon and have some Tequilla and tacos.  Great energy, service, food.Obsessed. I am literally obsessed with Big Star. Whether it is the amazing tacos, super strong margs, chips and guac, or delicious beans, nothing has failed me here. The staff can be a bit tricky because they wear plainclothes and camouflage in with the crowd but it is no problem. They are still extremely attentive. My favorite taco, by far, is the chicken taco. It has a bit of a kick to it so you don't need to add any of the delicious sauces at your table. Great location in Wicker Park itself and for anyone visiting and hopping off the L. It's right across the street from the Damen Blue stop. Be sure to bring cash though!Great location, excellent tacos, good service. I was disappointed though with the margarita and the chips and salsa (bland chips with hot sauce out of a squeeze bottle).If I lived in Chicago, Big Star would be a weekly occurrence. The energy in this place is only outdone by their tacos and margaritas.We checked into the waiting list around 3 on a Saturday and were seated before 4. While waiting we took a quick stroll in the area/ really wanted to start our (very) late lunch with dessert; in this case coming in the form of a donut from Glazed & Confused, but they has already closed for the day and before sitting I already had an excuse to come back. While we finished the wait for the table we each ordered a few tacos from the pick-up window and sat in the picnic area. The tacos are exactly the same, only difference is you can't order alcohol, and you're semi-removed from the energy. After a Pastor (pork) and Pescado (fish) taco, we walked into the bar area and I had their signature margarita. Possibly the smoothest margarita I've ever had for less than $15 (only $7). They mix in a special Curacao that really adds to the citrusy-sweetness of the drink. Once seated we racked chips with an order of guacamole and an order of Fondido, a warm cheese dip with mixed in chorizo. Both were delicious, only criticism is that they served us four flour tortillas with the Fondido, meanwhile we were a table of three, it wouldn't of taken much for them to give us six, and we would of never known otherwise if they gave us three. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the tacos more than anything else, with the fish taco taking the cake.Big Star's food is worth 3.5 stars, but the atmosphere pulls it all up closer to 4.5 territory. Between the open air space, the crowd it attracts, and the live DJ spinning soul music, it was an incredible afternoon.Fun place, good food, service was ok.I am ADDICTED to the Guac and the fish tacos!!! I get cravings for it pretty badlyThe only reason I wouldnt give it 5 stars is that its always packed inside, tid pricey to be having all the time and they have forgotten our guac a few times. But really, its so good that despite all that, I always am down for some Big Star!This place used to be the new hot shiz, but now it's just a taco stand.  The tacos are decent, but nothing to travel to.  I'm not sure why people love this place.  It's a standard taco.  Big Star only accepts cash so be ready.  Most likely you'll go there with your drunk friends at 1AM and pick up the whole bill.  The staff is usually damn busy and doesn't have time to deal with you.  This would be two stars, but the outside ordering window helps.Big Star is a good Mexican restaurant that uses quality ingredients and makes strong drinks.  That being said, they still need to work on a few things that I will go over below.A group of us went to Big Star on a Saturday night around 7pm and after a 10 min wait we were seated on semi-comfortable metal lawn chairs.  After sitting for a few moments it was clear that due to the above-normal volume it was a good place to meet with friends but not a place for a romantic date or a dinner with family.  We often had to talk above the normal volume to be heard.  The background music was playing at an above normal volume which added to the already high buzzing noise.Let's talk about food and drinks.  This is the category that Big Star gets high marks on.  We ordered 3 tacos: Taco De Panza (pork belly), Taco de Papas con Rajas (potatoes), and Taco de Pescado (tilapia). All the tacos were served on a flour tortilla and had distinctive flavoring.  Out of the three, the Taco de Papas con Rajas was my favorite as it had the right mix of spice and the crunchiness of a deep fried potato.  We also ordered a side of chips.  The disappointing thing about the chips was that on the menu it said that it would come with 2 special homemade sauces.  When the chips came to the table, there was no sauce in sight! Instead we were told to use the 2 sauces in the plastic squeezable bottles on the table.  Here I was expecting some delicious never before tasted sauces and instead I was squeezing the usual green and chipotle sauces.  They also didn't give us any bowls to put the sauces in and had to essentially spread the sauces on big plates and scrape it off using the chips.  I am only being so analytical about the chips since I was paying for them instead of being presented with customary free chips that are given at almost every sit-down Mexican restaurant.  We ordered two tequila based drinks: Big Star Margarita and Classic Margarita.  The classic tasted like a strong margarita made from quality tequila and the Big Star had an amazing aftertaste of smoked BBQ for some reason.  Our server was nice and attentive and she was constantly checking on us.  One important thing to note is that they only take cash.  I wish they would have let us made aware of this beforehand but we thankfully had enough cash to cover the bill.Overall, Big Star is a good place to meet friends for some tasty Mexican food and strong drinks.  But don't bring your date or family and definitely bring cash to pay for above-average prices.I so want to give this place 5 stars.  I have eaten here a couple of times and loved the food.However-each time the hostesses have NO CLUE.  One time the table we were promised was taken by someone waiting in the bar.The other time, there was a line to check in at the restaurant.  My friend did not realize this and started to walk in.  He was pushed by the security guard.  UNACCEPTABLE.  Also the hostesses were chowing on chips at the host stand and were not even greeting people in line.  I've had better service at Olive Garden.  Ya we get it, it's Wicker Park.  But being rude is not gonna make you more hipster.  It's just gonna make us walk out and go to Piece.PLEASE IMPROVE ON YOUR HOSTESS SITUATION CAUSE I LOVE YOUR FOOD!  I am embarrassed to rave about your place and then bring friends there to be treated like sh$t.I initially reviewed this place when it was first opened, before they had outdoor seating and were pretending to be a whiskey bar that merely serves tacos on the side.  It used to be a mad free-for-all trying to get a seat.  Times have changed and they have accepted the fact they are indeed a restaurant which requires a host and a waiting list.  Indeed it is necessary because it is one of the hottest spots in the neighborhood and during the summer there will usually be a line going down the block.Big Star is popular for good reason.  The food is really good and it's a quintessential "hip" spot to sit outside, drink and eat tacos in Wicker Park.   I myself usually skip the wait and go to the take-out window.  They provide picnic tables for take-out seating or you can just take your food across the street to the park.  If it weren't for the taco window I probably wouldn't eat there too often just due to the wait, so I'm happy that they offer the alternative for those of us who just want to eat with out the scene.It's worth the wait to eat here, but try to hit Big Star at lunchtime during the week or earlier in the day to avoid a long line.I have been here 3 times now.. Service the first time was good, the girl behind the bar was great and helpful. The next two times service was TERRIBLE. I almost walked out I waited so long before my presence was even acknowledged.. and the place was fairly empty too, so not like it was super busy. The dude behind the bar in the flannel was some sort of a hippie/cowboy wannabe and the girl was no better.. They were more interested in conversing with their smelly hippy friends than service.I do like the lamb taco's, they are actually VERY good and the Queso Fondito is OK.. but I don't know how people are calling this cheap???? The tacos are TINY and expensive!!!! Not much bigger around than a beer can.. I need to eat about 8-10 of them to get anything out of it.. at $3 a pop that ain't cheap! Maybe if you had the apetite of a squirrel it would be cheap.. Eating just 1 or 2 of these won't even make a dent in your apetite if you are a normal male.. so figure that into the cost.Also, Cash only.. which sucks.. I think its just a scam to hit u up with the extra ATM fee's which happen to be conveniently located right next to the door.I won't eat there anymore the portion sizes are just too small for the price.. Its basically like getting a tortilla chip with some meat and dip on it for $3. You can literally eat it in one bite.  I may stop in for a LoneStar but thats about it. I was going to go 2 stars for the lousy service but the food actually is pretty good.. just way overpriced for the size.We lucked out and went on a relatively slow night.  It was still pretty full but we were able to sit right at the bar.  The tacos were delicious, especially the al pastor and the pork belly.  We ordered five tacos, chips & salsa, a shot of whiskey and a chelada for $25.  Their prices are a little lower than other neighborhood bars so it would definitely be worth it if you had to wait.I would definitely go back on another not-so-crowded night.Here's my thing: this place is not perfect, but it's novel and delicious enough that it warrants repeat visits.The fish tacos and pepper tacos are AMAZING.  I'm super picky about mexican food but they are the best in Chicago.  Hands down.The margaritas have a subtle smokey flavor.  Totally weird and surprisingly tasty.The aesthetic is great - paired down almost like the interior of a barn.Groups of 2 don't get tables, fyi.  Hopefully summer's outdoor seating will change that.  The service is not top-notch because they are always swamped.  Highly recommended.Big Star rules Great location and an awesome, huge patio. delicious whiskeys. The tacos are great and the music is always awesome.This is my favorite "go to" in the neighborhood. The food is great and the atmosphere is awesome and the same goes for the drinks. In short, I have never had a bad night at Big Star.The actual organization of this place(the staff, the tables, the bouncer) is a bit ridiculous.  But, if you have the right attitude, you can really enjoy this place.  The quality of the food is amazing.  Ok...so the guac is lack luster, but it's still fresh and good.  The tacos and tostadas are so darn tasty.  And so cheap.  Grab a seat at the bar - it's the easiest thing to do bar far, and will keep you from pulling your hair out.  And the bartenders are very friendly and on top of it.  They are working their butts off.  OK, so if you are going hear to sit down and enjoy a nice quiet meal and take your time - DON'T.  This is a bar with food.  It is NOT a restaurant.  You can see that pretty quickly when you sit down and their liquor selection is 6 pages long and the food menu is barely 1 page.But give it a try.  It is definitely worth it.This is hard, while the food was perfectly decent and the waitress and bar staff were very nice, the overall experience wasn't great.We arrived at 7 on a Monday night hoping to get one of the 5 actual tables. We waited at the bar patiently for over an hour. It was obvious that those in the booths had finished eating and were just sitting drinking. A couple tables only had 2 or 3 people in them. As my group was hungry, I went to ask how much longer the wait might be. Instead of a "I'm sorry" or a "Just a little bit longer." I got a "Do you see an empty booth?" Look, it's been over an hour on a Monday night, I'm not being unreasonable to ask an approximate time for a table. Like many places (Tango Sur comes to mind) there is no "time limit" on how long you can sit at a table. But unlike Tango Sur there is little to no actual seating. The problem could be solved by just asking people that have already eaten to move to the bar to drink. So if you're in a party of 3 or less, or just looking for a drink this is a perfectly fine Wicker Park establishment. If you are actually looking to eat a meal, look elsewhere.There are so many decent/good/great Mexican places in the city, I probably won't be back.DEFINITELY in my five star hall of fame!Big star is one of the very rare places in the city where I'm willing to wait for a seat in a crowded, loud, environment for long periods of time.  If your friends are disgruntled about the wait, one deliciously strong margarita will turn that frown upside down.  $3 whiskeys, $7 mixed drinks, and  a selection of craft brews make this place worth going to for the drinks alone.  I can only speak for the veggie options but I love them all -- especially the guac w/ enough chips to last you for hours, pickled veggies, and salad with mint, pepitas, avocado, and black beans - what more do want??!!  I suppose they could have more vegan options but hey, when you're in love you're able to overlook minor shortcomings. The affordable menu has small plates that hit the spot every time. I too often find myself saying "I don't feel like going out tonight, I'm tired...but I'd go to Big Star."Red pozole was essentially thin, tasteless broth and they give you long slices of cabbage and pork rinds(!) to put in it.  Granted, I'm spoiled by Lula's heavenly brunch pozole (when avail. as a special) but this was just AWFUL. Decor of white-wash and naked light bulbs evokes an auto paint shop.  If it weren't for the *location* no one would come here. RIP Pontiac...I spent a lot of my childhood in the Southwest, and this place manages to embody a certain ambiance that reminds me of home in all the good ways and none of the bad.  Patsy Cline on the stereo, reasonably priced, delicious food, and the pared down, garagey atmosphere don't hurt a bit.  A lot of my fondest memories from last Spring/Summer involve that front patio.      As the whole world knows by now, the pork belly tacos are delicious and well worth the $3 a pop.  The sonoran hot dog is daunting, but I love it for nostalgic reasons.  And the margaritas are POTENT.  If you want to leave this place quasi-sober, I suggest exercising extreme moderation (good luck with that!).  On the my last visit, I gave the San Antonio Sling and the Paris, Texas a try: neither disappointed.    The only reason I am giving Big Star four stars rather than five is because, as has been much noted, this place is too darn popular.  The crowd, while usually pleasant and homey, can be a little less desirable (read: yuppie... in an unpleasant way) on busy nights.  Sometimes, the door people are downright rude (and other times quite nice).  The bar staff, however, is always charming.  And that's what matters, right?Food, Food, Food, Food. the food is great bar none, it is fresh it is Tasty, and the spices and combinations are very very embracing.The service is sub par. I think the waiter I had was doped flying on smack, H, or something while we were there.The atmosphere is touch and go. Sometimes you'll get rebel too cool for everyone crowd, and whatever your opinion it is not right. Then other nights you'll get the preppy kids mixed in with the hipsters and the rebels. Overall bring your friends and try to find a seat at the bar. The beer and Whiskey selections are excellent the bartenders are 10 times better then the wait staff, so order from them. I've been there probably 15 times, and every time I bring someone new there, I hear the same thing. Food was awesome, cocktails/beer were awesome, and the atmosphere was cool, stuck up, or annoying.Gotta say, after the rave reviews I have seen, I expected this food to take me to a new level of taco awesomeness.  I say, "Meh."  We ended up waiting like an hour--they took our cell--and when we got back after the call, we STILL had to wait 30 more minutes.  Maybe it was the hipsters swarming all over the place like cockroaches in this one apartment I had in Uptown in the 90's, but I found the place super  annoying, the hostess smarmy and irritating and the food only so-so.  Pork belly was overcooked and the steak was stringy.  The only redeeming taco was the fish.  If I went back, I'd go at 4pm on a weekday and only order tilapia.  IF I go back, which is kind of doubtful--there is better, more fresh, more delicious taqueria food with WAY less attitude in this city.My first attempt at Big Star was a weekend blind meet up.  It resulted in standing uncomfortably at a packed bar and being deafened by country music for 5 minutes before my date suggested leaving for another place to go eat.  This is not the place to go to in the evening if you want to hold conversation with your company.  Seating for an actual table was over an hour wait if I remember correctly.I gave Big Star a second chance and this time around I decided to have lunch here at around 1pm on a Monday with friends that were visiting from out of town.  This decision might have saved Big Star from getting a 1-2 star review.  We were able to sit at a table on the patio immediately this time around but the availability really just depends on whether you plan to go in the day time or during peak hours.I can't comment on the bartenders here but the rest of the service was average at best.  Our waitress seemed bored and succumbed to the little nuances that separate good servers from outstanding servers (ie, not splitting the check when we asked, not up selling menu items, not smiling).  Here's a tip for anyone working at these types of scene restaurants.  I don't care how hip you are.  The general rules of good customer service will stand until the end of time so you better fall in line.The food here is really good.  It's the only saving grace that keeps this restaurant in business.  Between the 3 of us, we sampled the tacos (fish, pork belly, pastor) and the queso fundito.  The fish tacos weren't fantastic but everything else was excellent.  You might have problems with the size of the tacos but I found that 2-3 were more than filling.  Having the option of getting sodas made with cane sugar was also nice.  We didn't order anything from the bar but I can only assume that if you're a whiskey or tequila person the drink menu won't disappoint you.All in all, Big Star's food is good enough to merit a visit.  They might have been better suited to exist as a fleet of food trucks instead of a brick and mortar restaurant.  Bring cash with you since they don't accept anything else.  If all you care about are the tacos, then go to the side window and save yourself some time.  If you're going to dine in, do it before 6-7pm.I can only comment on the "to go" part of the restaurant, not the sit-down area. They have the most delicious tacos al pastor that I've had in Chicago. The only gripe is: they cost $3 each! As do the sodas! They used to be 2 bucks before winter '10 but now I can just use that money for cheaper places. Prices complaints aside, the food is delicious and the workers are friendly too. I used to get hit on by the lady who would always take my order. They even give you a mexican lollipop with every order (the one shaped like a chicken). If you have money to blow and want a quick bite you won't be disappointed. Just don't go here when it's windy and cold, and buy a Big Gulp across the street for a buck instead of the insanity they charge for the bottled drinks.Completely underrated dining experience on yelp!  I usually go to this place while waiting for a table at Violet Hour.  You can walk up to the take-out window and eat at the tables, or sit "in" the dining area.  Drinks are very good, but "lamb tacos" -- nuff said. I would stay away from some of the heart attack food but definitely get lots of the gourmet tacos.If you ever decide to play hookie on a random Wednesday on the last GORGEOUS day of fall, go to Big Star. I'd never been to the establishment as "Big Star" and didn't really know what to expect. As I stated, I played hookie from work and as my bf and I walked around the hood, we decided to stop here for some lunch around Noon. Whilst looking at the menu, it dawned on us that we should probably order a pitcher of the classic Margaritas. We called up a friend to join us, and by chance ran into another couple of friends. We ordered a few tacos and the Queso Fundido (the waitress wasn't lying, she said it was the best in the city and she was correct!) It was an amazing meal. I'm not the biggest Mexican food fan, but this was like gourmet. I was amazed at the deliciousness. I was happy we got there when we did because the place is always packed and there's usually a long wait. Needless to say, there was no shortage of patrons ordering those amazing tacos and margs, and to say the least, we were not the only table enjoying our Wednesday afternoon to highest possible degree. Oh yeah, I don't remember our darling server's name, but she was a sweetheart and extremely helpful with the menu and patient  as we drank for hours on end.I'm sad that it's colder out now and the beer garden/best people-watching spot in the city is closed for the next few months, but I'll go back for those tacos and sit inside.Not much to say that hasn't been said. The tacos are amazing. Tostadas match 'em. The queso fundido is a big bucket of cheesy, chorizo-ey grease, you can feel it killing you, and you don't care & murder it anyway. There are a handful of taps & that's all they need -- you can do a schlitz for $1 if you're broke or a limited run IPA you've never heard of for a couple bucks more. There $3 shots rotated daily from a whiskey selection that's beyond belief & well organized on the drink menu...not that you usually see it, because you don't get past the incredible cocktail list on page one.Only word of warning? The place gets uncomfortably packed as the evening progresses. Get there early, late, anything that can be considered off hours. But I'm not knocking the review for it -- it should be packed. It's really good & really fun.Other details worth a mention? Turntable (and the old timey country & classic rock coming from it) is a great addition. The take out window is a great option if you're broke & wanna attempt to replicate things in the neighboring park with a 6 pack & a bazillion less people fighting for a barstool. Food (both inside & at the window) comes instantaneously. Great design/decor, apparently done by the same crew that did Longman & Eagle. It shows.This place is amazing! It truly delivers on all of the hype.  The menu is short, but all the choices are fantastic.  I've been back enough time to try almost everything.  I recommend the pork belly tacos and the margaritas, and the queso fondido if you like a little spice.  It is always crowded, even in the summer when the patio adds 15+ tables, but the vibe is fun.  They play music on a record player and it sounds great!  If the wait is too long, you can always order to-go from the to-go window outside. I'm guilty of stopping here a couple times after a night out. If you're in the mood for tasty food, reasonable prices, good whiskey and music-- you need to check this place out!update: I've been back time and time again and I'd be remiss not to take back my negatives. From the sunny patio to the tacos to the tunes, they do it right every time. I've noticed a much fairer entrance. The long lines are deserved. de Panza or bust.From the get go, this place pissed me off! My boyfriend raved about the food, so we decided to go. There seemed to be no sense of who to talk to to be seated. The bouncer was a completely condescending and rude and not to mention DUMB. The chips had to been left over from the weekend rush. For the portions of tacos you get, you would think you were at a tapas place. Goat belly was very good. If you want something way better Del Seoul on Clark in LP is much better! They're shrimp tacos are amazing and so are the fishService and atmosphere were lively, food for me was good, not the mind-blowing experience my better half had. On a mostly sober night I ordered every taco on the menu and the tostada de hongo. The fish taco was not batter-fried, if you're into that. My favorite topping for tacos is fresh lime juice to brighten up the flavor. I needed more limes. To quote Yelp "Meh. I've experienced better." I live in a neighborhood dominated by Hispanic restaurants that are more food-focused than drink focused- so of course I have a bias. I'm sure my drink choice spoiled my late-night dinner. I made the mistake of ordering a Tecate (after coming from Map Room and drinking Saisons) I am 100% sure I will never order that beer again. Nothing can help that beer....into my mouth ever again.I am no taco connoisseur - but the fillings in the taco from this place is very tasty and different from many other places. Great selection! And definitely worth the visit!Here it is.  Part of the allure of Big Star is the experience you have while there.  Yes, you may wait an hour for a table and yes it's cash only, so know that going in.  However, you can fill that time by hanging out "inside" (very open bar area) and indulging on $3 whiskey shots and killer guacamole.  The bartenders and wait staff are helpful and quick with your order.  The tacos are above average, but for $3 or $4 it's hard to beat.  In summary, if you're looking for a quick meal...don't go here.  If you're looking for a fun and unique Chicago experience, give it a shot.A neighborhood favorite and a must visit spot.  Be prepared for a long wait time, but that goes with any hot spot.Long wait, fun atmosphere, underwhelming tacos.  The tacos have substance, but flavors aren't amazing.  You go here for the hipster atmosphere, and the crowds.Big star has decent food but the door people have been rude every time I've been there. I understand they are probably use to drunk people but it is still unacceptable. I go to this place to chill out after a long day of work. (Most people go to bars to relax.) When you have a bald guy being an asshole to you right when you walk up and show your ID  its a shame... I don't really care if you own the place or if you are a door guy or a bartender.. Shut up, greet me, and do your job to make me want to come back. Get off the power trip seeing as I am not some drunk ass causing problems. I probably won't be back.Quality food done inexpensively, if you can get a seat.This place is amazing. The tacos are wonderful and the margaritas are lethal. If you can get past the long wait then you will have an amazing evening. Big Star is a place you need to expect to be at all night. Pace yourself on the margs though...they will get you.Tried to go to this place today, after the BlackHawks Parade downtown got off at the damen stop and thought Tacos and Beer would be great, but get there and the place doesn't open till 11:30 am...it was 11:00am...so they lost my business and instead I went to Piece Pizza and it was great!!I just don't understand how a place so close to the Blue line opens at 11:30am...Still one of my favorite places!The drinks are ok, guac is good and chips could be better-too salty. The tacos are over rated and the crowd is hit or miss.LegitgoodWoohoo!Love the tacos! Hate the wait! At least they have the outdoor seating area to step up and enjoy! Have never gotten the chance to sit inside, cuz we never care to wait that long.Sandwiched between shooting pool at Bob Inn and shooting blanks at a Wicker-Park-dance-club-that-shall-not-be-named, Jenny R and I rolled up in here on a recent Friday night. We knew a little sumtin sumtin was goin' down in this heezey when Jenny spotted some goats chained to a dumpster behind this dig. Jenny was all, "Oh, they're so adorable! Can we pet them?" and I was all, "I ain't pettin' no goats, they'll eat my Ed Hardy shirt." Jenny immediately wreckanized how important my Ed Hardy shirt was to me, so we walked in.It was fairly crowded, and we were fortunate enough to just barely snag a booth. I was all, "Look! Those booth-sitting patrons are leaving!" and Jenny was all, "Ohmigosh, those other two people not wearing Ed Hardy shirts are making a mad dash for it." So we took several minutes to devise a plan on how we could get to the table before them. Unfortunately, the time it took to plan our move created a problem: those two people not wearing Ed Hardy shirts had already sat down. They were that fast. But screw that. We went ahead with our plan anyway. Palms up, I locked my fingers together and bent my knees. Jenny planted her boot into my hands and I sprung up with all my might. Jenny did at least three 360s, two-and-a-half twists, and a double fakie ollie before landing squarely in the seat at the booth we wished to claim. Seriously, this was some mad trapeze-artist sh!t. Those two people not wearing Ed Hardy shirts were in such awe of Jenny's skillz, that they immediately offered us the table. Then they saw me walk over wearing an Ed Hardy shirt and they changed their minds. But Jenny begged them to let us sit there and they finally caved...thirty minutes later. After they finished their food, drank their beer, and belched in my face because they were jealous of my Ed Hardy shirt.At this point, you can only imagine how starved we were. The waitress ran through the menu quickly, since she was obviously eager to serve people not wearing Ed Hardy shirts, and mentioned "goat." Uh, yeah, she said "goat." As you might guess, right about then, the flash light in my brain went off, and I was all, "Holy crap. I totally forgot that today was Passover." Then the waitress looked at me like I was an idiot or something just because I know my Canadian holidays. But whatevs. I ordered the goat tacos to honor our country's upstairs neighbors, and Jenny went with the some-kind-of-fancy-chicken tacos. I can't quite figure out just exactly how they managed to make the goat meat taste so fresh and tender, but diggity dawg damn it was delish. It was the first time I'd ever eaten goat before and I must admit, these alone are enough to bring me back here.Outside of putting that juicy meat in my chops, I was otherwise somewhat indifferent to Big Star. I liked the setup, especially since the high ceilings allowed me to vault Jenny through the air, but it was too damn loud. I couldn't hear a thing Jenny was saying, and not just because I was admiring my Ed Hardy shirt most of the time. Also, the loud music made ordering a beer very challenging. I tried ordering a LaBatt's to go with my Canadian holiday meat treat, but I was brought a Blatz instead. Probably because "I'll have LaBatts" sounds a hell of a lot like "I'll have a Blatz" when you can't hear someone from three feet away. Who knows though. It might also be because the waitress appreciated my Ed Hardy shirt and figured I was a real classy guy, so she hooked me up with a Blatz in a can. Which subsequently nearly made me vomit.After finishing what might have been the nastiest tasting beer I've ever consumed in my life, I went pee. (In the bathroom.) Then Jenny and I rolled out of this bar like we was Autobots. And wouldn't you know it, one of the goats we noticed when we first arrived had escaped. Jenny, the kind-hearted person she is, nearly wept, hoping the goat didn't get hit by one of those big red tour buses with really obnoxious drunk people in them. So I had to wait while she pet the goats that hadn't escaped. But I didn't get anywhere near them because I didn't want them eating my Ed Hardy shirt. *Please note, my mind was a bit hazy this night, so some details may have been invented in this review. Also, please read this asterisked statement as if it was in a really, really tiny font. (It will make it more authentic if you could squint while reading it. No, seriously, squint.)pontiac garage turned mexican joint.  it truly brings tears to my eyes.  so does outdoor seating.  pair that w/a beautifully warm evening, and you've got yourself a packed house.  ...we decided to come back later.snagged a seat at the bar and waited for our food to come out as we cooled off w/a salt-rimmed glass of limey tecate.the chips came out warm, perfectly salty and limey, and the guacamole, garnished w/shredded radishes, was delicious.  my tostada de pescado was also pretty good, though, i could've used a bit more lettuce to even out the amount of fish i was given.highlight of the night besides having fun w/old friends?  lying through my teeth to a guy who was trying to pick me up by complimenting me on the texture of my hoody.  ...yes, my worn out, holey hoody.  why lie?  shrug, just for fun.  i wanted to see how far i could go without batting an eyelash and without getting caught in a lie.  summary:  i have a 2 year old whose name is leticia.  my asian boyfriend and i aren't married but we plan on getting married sometime soon.   ...hey, humorous pick up methods beget humorous conversations.So, I'm a Southern California girl and I am exposed to Mexican food and lots of it. In SoCal we are spoiled with delicious authentic Mexican food and at a cheap price. So when Big Star was recommended by a friend I was truly hesitant because I knew I was going to be real critical, and I was critical. I ordered taco el pastor, taco de panza, and tostada de chorizo con papas. I thought everything was kind of dry but the ingredients were fresh so that's a plus. I wasn't impressed and it left me hungry. The service was, I think, weird. We kept hollering at one of the guy for our check and we swore he saw us but he kept ignoring us. Ignoring customers would mean bad service but this guy looked, off, so I was somewhat convinced that he really didn't see us. Whatever the reason was it took a while before getting our check. It was an experience to try Mexican in Chicago but I would have rather tasted a hole in the wall Mexican in Chicago.Best outdoor patio for a sunny day in wicker park, and the taco's are killer too.  Scene is a hip 21-35 crowd.We arrived at Big Star yesterday roughly around 3:45 in the afternoon to meet up and hang out with new friends. From the moment we sat down we felt really welcomed. Our server was really sweet and provided us with great service.I sat on a table with 4 other people, all serious foodies and we had plenty to talk about for the whole afternoon. The place seems to attract a diversity of people including hipsters, preppies, scenesters, gays, straight, Asian, Caucasian, Latinos, old and young. The weather was really nice yesterday, so the place was totally packed! It was a good thing we scored a table.The establishment had a shabby chic country feel to it complete with a Patsy Kline poster on the wall. I'm not much of a drinker, but I did taste their margarita. I also tried their Horchata  which I thought was pretty good. This place has been getting a lot of attention and deservedly so - the vibe is super fun especially if you like to meet people.Oh, another Big Star review. Cool.Big Star is as yummy as it's hyped up to be. These tacos are totally delectable. Totally my style. Totally juicy! I do not recommend the vegetarian, however. I have trouble deciding which taco is my favorite. They're all so perfectly crafted. To anyone who could complain about $3 tacos, no entiendo. A taco at taco bell is $1, and this is three times that, but 50 times better. Mathematically, it adds up. So you pay $9 for 3 tacos. Um, that's how much a taco entree would cost at any regular restaurant. HOW is this expensive??? Right, it's not.The patio and the interior are so awesome. You want to hang out there forever. Therein lies the problemo. People do stay for hours on end. And you might never get a seat. Add that to the totally apathetic hostess (you're a hostess. You walk people to their seats. Walk. people. to. their. seats. I had this job once, and it is so not as cool as you think it is, lady) and your wait could be 2 hours. So try to come at off times, and enjoy the food. The margaritas are also increibles, and will make you shockingly tipsy without a warning!*second warning: the classic big star margarita is really smoky. Like, you smoked a cigar smoky.If you don't care to wait to be in the cool crowd, just pop up to the window and order to go and sit at the picnic tables. It's like the "outcast" table in the high school cafeteria. But you're still eating the tacos, which is all that matters.What can I say, it's a guilty pleasure. Yeah, the staff can be surly (but not always). Yes, it's cash only. Yes, the crowd can be annoying. But kids, I'm about to clue you in a way to enjoy your time at the BS. Scout's honor.1. Go to ATM. Get cash. 2. Get to BS at an off hour, or close to opening. (I've had good success at getting there between 4-5 on a weekday and snagging a table.)3. If you sit outside, make sure you're wearing sunscreen. It's HOT.4. Order the fish taco (taco de pescado) and the pork taco (al pastor). They're my fave. If you're feeling real saucy, go for the pork belly (panza).5. Drink cheladas. What's more fun than a cold beer on ice with lime and salt. NOTHING, I tell ya.6. Go ahead and order another round of tacos. No one is judging. Well, actually, everyone is judging, so give them something GREAT to judge. TACO EATING.7. People watch like there is no tomorrow. I promise, it doesn't get much better than this. Wait. Yes it does. Lollapalooza. But that's only once a year. You can people watch here all day long.8. When you've had enough tacos, vacate. Let someone else have a table. Odds are they have waited an obscene amount of time for it.Follow those steps up there and you too can have a good time at Big Star. No BS.Dammit! Write, right or wrong I'm going to throw five stars at the Big Star. For so many reasons, so many tacos, so many bartenders, so many shots. My beloved cousins, hello al pastor and Lone Star.Fish Tacos are bomb! This place is fun after some Rock&Roll at the Double Door or SubT. Make sure to get the guacamole with your meal. Enjoy!!!As the gf of a Yelping elite, I found it appropriate for my review writing debut to be about the first place he took me to in this bright shiny city...My first time at Big Star was when they were still new: New Years Eve '09. Fresh to the city, I was easily impressed; good music, cool crowd, relaxed atmosphere. The guacamole was fantastic, and the friendly bartender kept the whiskey drinks flowing. Almost two years later, and the food and drinks continue to satisfy. The al pastor tacos are a favorite, and the fish tacos are an addiction. Many people agree with this. Often, too many. True, Big Star has become so popular that you will most likely have to put your name down and pray for a table. The bright side? They will take your cell number and call you when it's ready. Hailing from a primitive village in central Illinois (you know, the one by the cornfield), this is a revolution in restaurant seating. Put your name down, cross the street for a few drinks, and come back when they call you! The pickup window is an even quicker option, especially for late night drunken munchies. I almost gave this place three stars because of the increasingly large crowds, and sometimes surly staff. However, if you can handle the masses, the food (and personal sentimental bias) earned them the fourth star.This place has many different personalities; some aspects were good, bad, and annoying all at the same time.  I guess I can sympathize with all.My long-time newer-to-the-city college friend and her husband chose this place for drinks and catching up this past Thursday.  She suggested 6PM and, based on the reviews, I was ready to get my Mama Cub on and tackle anyone to get a table.  To my surprise, though Big Star was busy, the super friendly door girl took our name, our phone number, invited us to the bar, and said she would call when a table came up.  Sure enough, 5 minutes and 3 sips into our Gumballhead later, the call came and the table was ready.  Non-fail!Within 20 seconds of being seated our cheery to the max waitress came up and asked if we needed drinks and planned to order food.  We told her we were fine for now and informed her that our friend was still coming and we would get food when he came.  Our waitress must have read Yelp reviews regarding slow service because she was persistent in making sure that she checked if we were ready to order EVERY 2 MINUTES!!! Waitress: "Can I get you guys started with some appetizers or food?"Us: "No, we're waiting for our friend."  Waitress:  "Have you guys decided on anything yet?"Us:  "No, we're still looking at the menu."  Waitress:  "Do you guys need another beer?"Us:  "No, we still have almost a full beer left."  Waitress:  "Are you guys ready to order?"Us:  "No, our friend is still on his way."  Waitress:  "Do you have any questions about the menu?!"Us:  "Sorry, we have't had a chance to look at the menu yet (because YOU keep coming over and interrupting us!)"Maybe I was annoyed because I just got back from Southeast Asia where time is not of the essence and you can dine in peace, but I was even more annoyed because I had to listen to my friend tell stories in shifts.Once our friend arrived, we placed our food order and another round of drinks.  We ordered chips (+salsa out of squeeze tubes on the table) and I settled on the Taco de Panza and Taco de Papas con Rajas.  These tortilla-wrapped bites of flavorful wonder came out in roughly 5 minutes.  Delicious, seasoned perfectly, and just enough sauce to not be messy.  I would recommend at least 3-4 to qualify as a full meal because they aren't very large.  They were better than most that I've had, but the jury is still out on whether these are the best, as so many claim.  4 for the food.  The meal was super cheap - roughly $35 with tip.  I was a bit turned off by the whole cash only thing.  Seriously... a restaurant this busy will more than make up for the teensy tiny fee that credit card companies charge.  The ATM on site charges a $3 transaction fee, equal to the cost of a delicious Taco de Papas con Rajas taco.  I would have rather had the third taco.  PNC and Chase are within walking distance.The reviews for Big Star are as diverse as this melting pot we call "America",  and it seems like the day, the server, the weather and the position of the moon in the sky will have an effect on your visit to the restaurant.  My words of advice are to arrive early, in small groups, with cash on hand, prepared to eat quickly and be on your way.Tacos were good.  The bartenders were not too friendly, but the atmosphere was fun and cozy on a cold winter day.Lives up to the hype. Great service once you get a table---which can be a while depending on the weather---and amazing food. Definitely try the fish tacos and the micheladas. My only gripe is that it would be nice if the menu rotated a bit.WORST restaurant ever. There was no visible sign of the restaurant, when I inquired about it, the snobby hostess said "it's pained on the garage doors, but we always have them open so you can't see it" I rudely replied back "well that's stupid". The menu is extremely limited, it's on a little 2x2 piece of paper with 3 pork items (I don't eat pork) and they didn't even have steak tacos. My food was OVER salted and I didn't finish my meal. The worst part was the music. I was not expecting to listen to country music at a mexican restaurant, their concept is not clear and the whole experience was just a waste of my valuable time and hard earned money. I'll never go back and I would never recommend it to even my worst enemy.I really wanted to like this place as, but the corporate-hipsterdom made me too nauseous to eat.  It is official, wicker park has become lincoln park for people who don't like sports......Pretention is the worst characteristic for any business in the service industry. My story is brief but it is relevant to the dining "scene". My wife and I walk in at about 6:30. We see what we think is some sort of hostess reading a book. Intsead of greeting us, she asks for ID. We show and then she goes back to her book. The room is full. She is too into her book to notice that we are wandering around looking for a table. There are none. We look to her. She is reading. We leave. Maybe we didn't look cool enough. Maybe its because we are over 30. Or maybe this place is being run like a high school house party. Either way, we ended up going back to Logan Square to eat at Longman and Eagle. Stellar!Now, I don't think that courtesy is an passe notion. Not in a restaurant. Ever. It seems that the chef has created an atmosphere where it doesn't matter. He opens restaurants. Peole flock. he gets rich. I will say this. I have been to Blackbird and Publican and I have not been impressed enough to be ignored while wandering around a stark boring room full of trustafarians. Is it a restaurant? Is it a bar? Whatever the food is, there is no way its better than La Pasadita. F pretention! Viva service!CASH ONLYWent on a Saturday at 1130AM.  Place was already bumping, but we were able to get seated right away.  We started out with guacamole and chips, can't go wrong with that.  They had homemade salsa in squirt bottles on the table readily available.  The salsas were a little too spicy for my liking, but overall they were good.  We got the taco al pastor and the taco de panza. Al pastor was the bomb.  Pork was cooked perfectly and the pineapple pieces added some sweetness to balance out the overall dish.  De panza was eh, ok. pork belly was crispy, but there was nothing spectacular about it.  Also, got the limeade. Super refreshing with a Mexican meal.The special of the torta de lengua was a nice surprise. I love the pastor and panza tacos and the torta was no different. Delicious and satisfying. I will order it again should it reappear as a Sunday special.We tried to eat here tonight, but we were too appalled by the douchieness of the two "doormen" trying desperately to be cooler and younger than they actually were. Instead of making the customer feels welcome, it seems they were going for the "you should be grateful I'm taking the time to talk to you" vibe, which is unfortunate. If that doesn't scare you away, the flock of smokers hovering two feet from the doormen, who's smoke billows into the outdoor seating area should.I ordered their tacos from the stand. They were delicious, but my friend couldn't eat any because there was cheese in them. If we knew better we'd have asked for no cheese but we trusted the menu. I just think it's wrong to put anything that's not on the menu.cool: a whiskey of the day every day that is only $4 , and uh... that's it.everything else sucked, but mostly my low review is based on the attitude of the prententious dumb bitch who was our bartender and had nothing else to talk about but how horrible of a place California was and how the fakest people come from there.I knew she knew nothing about California, when she said "well except for Venice beach, that's a pretty cool place" which even her dumbass closed minded asshole of a friend replied to... "uh, no... thats just tourist shit."What bothered me the most was that she was a bitch for no reason, but sadly her insecurities and obsession with wanting to be different made her like everyone else she was critizicing in California.Every place has assholes, every place has fake people.... and all your opinion about these places can be discussed in therapy, or in your knitting groups, but when you are working at a business where your income is off of tips....and customer service... it is standard protocol EVERYWHERE... not in just fake ass California... to show your customers good customer service and take negative conversation outside or away from a group who was all visiting from California.I know Wicker park has an image to uphold, but an asshole is an asshole whether you are wearing a brand name jacket, or  hand me down scenster hippster raggedy ass clothes.Honestly, I think this is my favorite place in the city. It's always amazing and cheap enough that you can go all the time. Margaritas are delish and reasonably priced, and what else can be said about the pork belly tacos other than they are amazing?? While this is more of a summer place I go whenever I can. Love it.Nearly a full day after I spent 2.5 hrs waiting to be seated, I still feel like I smoked a hundred cigarettes.  Why, you ask?Because I had to shout out every word to my dining companion as we waited in the bar. We had a margarita to hold us over, but ultimately decided to wait out the last hour in Wicker Park.  We nearly tripped over ourselves to claim our seats when my phone rang, and finally settled in for a lackluster meal.  My friend had the al pastor and lamb tacos, and I had the fish taco.  It was ok, but so NOT worth waiting almost 3 hrs for.The lessons I learned are twofold:1. If I want to eat their food again, I'll take it to go2. The next time I want to eat Mexican food in a zoo, I'll bring some Taco Bell to Sound Bar.PS, Take note, Gentle readers.  BIg Star's salsa is more like picante sauce and less like pico de gallo.I really don't get why people wait so long for this place. The margaritas were okay, and the tacos were good, but nothing really special.I've now had their dulce de leche milkshake, and it's excellent as everyone says. It's not super thick, but the flavor more than compensates. I've also become a fan of their fried fish tacos. And the pork belly tacos- don't forget to get some of those too. Their Michelada cocktail was named one of TimeOut Chicago's 100 best things they ate/drank in 2011. Reminded me of an upscale, more nuanced bloody mary. Worth trying if you're into those.Went to Big Star on Monday at 4:45 pm and the place was super busy, by the time we left at 6:30 there was a list at the door!  I think this idea is brilliant and exactly what Wicker Park needed.  Soon the yelp reviews will be all 1 star and 5 star reviews of this place.  It's the kind of place you have to go into knowing you may not get a comfy seat, you may be perched at the bar, but if you get that far, you'll be feeling great.  The atmosphere is great, it's simple..you get the sense they want the place to take on it's own character in time, it's like a blank slate waiting for years of good times to decorate it.   The one-starers are going to complain about how busy and loud it is, etc...but that's just what it's going to be!We got lucky enough to sit at the bar, it was the first night, so it was slightly crazy, but whatever, the bartenders are super sweet, lot's of familiar faces from other favorite local dining places, coming together to make it not just Big Star - but All Star!We ordered probably the most food we could, ordered all the vegetarian options and the seafood options.  (but later found out maybe not:(    )  Everything we ordered was awesome.  The romaine salad in itself was enough for me to want to come back the next day.   Fish tacos, some of the best I've ever had.  Plantains, delicious, as well as the chips and guac.  Here's the one disappointing thing.  As we are chowing down on the chips, I said to my husband, "Man, these are so good, you don't think they are too good to be true do you?  Like, fried in some kind of meat fat or something?"  My seasoned Industry husband said, "No, they would tell you" munch munch.  I believed him, but found out a few days later that it's true....the chips are fried in lard.    I was pretty upset about it, but understand that probably a lot of chips in Mexican places are, but for a Wicker Park place...full disclosure should be a must.  Pretty please!Okay, other than that set back...on with the other awesome stuff.  The drinks!  Hello!  The cocktails are ambitious for a small place like this, but be patient...they are great!  The bourbon selection if rumored to be somewhere near 50 different kinds.  And if you just want to try some new beers or some old cheap standby's, this is the place.Again, I don't think one should go into this place expecting to have the space to dine on a full meal.  I'd go in looking for some excellent drinks, old timey music, good conversation and people watching, supplemented with some of the best damn food you've had in a long time.Tacos are quite tasty but not amazing. Chips and Salsa are average. Atmosphere and setting are the best parts of this trendy hangout. I am a Mexican snob so it takes a lot to impress me. This place is not bad, just not awesome!Big Star = Big sun, big wait, big tacos, big grease, big ass.  Need I Yelp more?There is a sign at the to-go counter that says "no substitutions"...ok...fine...whatevs.  My boyfriend is vegan and I went to get a couple tacos for us to share.  One vegetarian taco on the menu at the time would be vegan sans the sour cream.  I asked to make 1 without the sour cream, and they refused pointing to the sign.  Ridiculous!Worst service I've ever had. Went to the window to order last night, and after my friends had all ordered their food, I asked for a cup of water. She said they couldn't give out free cups of water, I would have to pay for the cup. I said okay. She then said I had to pay for soda if I wanted the water. Fine. She threw a diet coke in the window and said, "Take it or leave it" then slammed the window shut in my boyfriend and mines face. Our number was then called for his tacos, and she wouldn't give us our food. We had to get our friend to go up and get it for us. I have never written a review on Yelp before, and never complained about my service before, but this was ridiculous. She treated us like scum, and I will definitely never go back.I know that Big Star is highly rated but I found if to be just OK.  Stood around a crowded bar for 45 minutes waiting for a table for 2. Tacos were good but not extraordinary.  Last straw... cash only.  Of course, they do have an ATM on site with a nice fee.  As I write this I'm beginning to think that 3 is a gift.Tacos Al Pastor and good craft beer options at reasonable prices. Easily one of my favorite places in Chicago for tacos.This place is really popping in Wicker Park. Expect to wait, but this cult favorite is definitely worth it (unless the wait is 3 hours, then it's not). The food and drinks are good but the best part is the patio, so take advantage of the summer, The vibe is great, it's loud and crowded and they have good beer on tap.The tacos are fantastic. My favorite, in order: fish, carnitas, pork belly, chicken (still very good even though it's last on my list). The fish taco is phenom. Most other items on the menu are also very good. The only thing I didn't really enjoy was the hot dog.Greeted by a friendly hostess, who informed us that the wait was unknown because people were drinking. We decided to go to the walk up take-out window. Wasn't really sure what most of the taco types were, so we were given a menu that a couple of white boys could understand. Total was $19 for 2 Jarritos, 3 pastor tacos, and a pollo tostada. The tostada was pretty tasty, but the pastor was dry and had a funky pineapple taste.  The portions were astoundingly small, appetizer like even.  When we got home we actually thought they forgot some of the order. Overall just an OK/meh. experience, especially for the price.Lets see ...$15 dollars can get me at Big Star:  the priciest Horchata I have ever paid for  at $3, 1 fish taco, 1 pork belly taco and an order of guac. Big Star you are really freakin expensive! BUT your fish tacos & guac are both fabulous enough to shut me up.Of the 2 servers I encountered, they were both very rude. I looked forward to coming here for awhile and was not impressed. You would think for their location and the type of individuals they cater to that they would have more vegetarian options. I was forced to get the salad which was bland. You must have to be a meat lover to enjoy their 'great' menu options? I will never return or recommend this place. Very disappointed. Unsure why anyone would wait 2-4 hours for this place unless you're looking for a nice patio to enjoy a few drinks on. Meh. :(too many cutoffs, giant glasses, plaid shirts, fixed gear bicycles, greasy beards, androgynous couples, holier than thou attitudes, not enough flavor.nice chairs though.  i'd go back for the chairs.Food: Tasty tacos, esp. the fish taco. Gotta try their hot dog too!Drinks: Reasonably priced, try their margarita.Ambiance: Bustling, good for groups, it's trendy, and hipsteryWhy three stars? - It's almost too popular. You'll wait for days to get a table unless you know the staff.Will I go back? - Yes, but I won't be all, "We have to go to Big Star, guys!"I would be happy to review the food if I ever got the opportunity to eat some. After running errands we decided to try this new restaurant in passing. We were not dressed incredible stylish on this particular day. Apparently, we were not hipster enough to eat at Big Star. The host with her giant hip sunglasses and annoyingly orange lipstick seemed less then content that I would think to dine there.  We were told there may be room at the bar inside. We were hungry and grudgingly walked inside while passing a pleather of  empty tables outside. We sat at the bar watching the waitstaff and bartenders ignore us. We never got a menu, never got a drink, never got acknowledgment... 15 minutes later, we got up and left. We finally caught the attention of the blonde bartender in the wife-beater. She snarled as we walked out never to return. I was surprised the host didn't just point over to the pickup window and say "That's were all the colored folks.. I mean vanilla non-hipsters get their food."What an incredibly awful experience.*Incredibly* rude host and hostess! This review is of service only, because we never even got a chance to try their food. We arrived around 8pm on a summer weekday night. I had expected a wait, but was excited to try the food -- misplaced excitement it turns out. When I approached the hostess, she was immediately dismissive about putting our name down. "There are like 20 groups ahead of you," she snapped when I inquired about the wait time. I asked if she could estimate the wait time, and she responded "I have no idea." I asked if at least she could tell us if was going to be like 1 or 2 hours, and she cut me off with "It's going be a really long wait. But I don't know how long." Finally, I asked if it was even worth sticking around, if there was even a chance we'd get in that evening and she again cut me off and snapped "Really long wait." with an extremely rude "please leave" tone. I can't believe the rate of table turnover really changes that much from night to night, so there is no conceivable way they couldn't even come up with a number of hours estimate, knowing how many groups were ahead of us. The whole encounter smacked of a smug "we won't estimate wait times because we don't feel like it." attitude.We left to explore, leaving our name on the list, just in case. We ended up eating nearby, and right after being sat, with less than an hour wait, received a call from Big Star, saying "table's ready". I would have *gladly* waited an hour if the hostess hadn't been so rude, even going so far as to give us the impression it was hopeless to even try getting in. There are far finer restaurants than this who wouldn't dream of treating their customers in this manner. Clearly Big Star thinks they are so important that no one need plan the rest of their night, and should instead wait by the phone for a completely undetermined amount of time waiting for a call. Skip it.the carry-out idea is probably the most brilliant thing ever! loved the fact that I could grab my super speedy, super delicious tacos so i could rush off to my book club! waited about 5 minutes for my lamb, al pastor and pork belly tacos while a group of 10 shivering people waited outside for a table inside. The tacos seem small but they are packed with meat and flavor.  They include 2 different kinds of salsas which are good on the tacos and also with chips.  I loved all 3 tacos but not a big fan of fruit on meat so I had to pull the pineapple off the al pastor.  OH! best part! They include a lollipop and I swear it's shaped like a roast chicken!!!!!!!I ordered these tacos from the outside window: tacos al pastor, tacos de panza, and tacos de rajas de poblano. My favorites were the first two. The poblano was pretty good too, but not my favorite. I would definitely get the first two again. I definitely enjoyed Big Star, and I'll go back for a sit-down meal sometime.Horrible service and attitude starting from the "door guy", to waitresses, bartenders and security. Everyone is just so angry there and definitely let's you know about it. I've had better service at a wrigleyville bar during game day. Food was okay. Tell your bartenders to either shave their armpits or wear sleeves. Your trendy hipster tang top is utterly unsanitary. I cant even describe how gross it was to see what I saw. I can't believe people rate this place so high. Yelpers are so tasteless sometimes. Go there if you like bodily hair, mediocre food, or want to be treated like garbage.Love love love this place and everything about it. skimming thru all the negative reviews and it seems, like you just don't get it. That's fine, leaves more room for the people that adore it..... the only place i will ever wait in line for a drink...... Let's start with the drink menu....seriously.....amazing choices in beer....and if you're a whiskey drinker....you will be delIghted by the options.. the food may not be ur local fast food Mexican stop, but whatever it is it gets my Mexican ass returning more than i should. the queso fundido is LIFE CHANGING!! the fish tacos are little bites of Heaven! and the hot dog..... if ur lucky enough to catch it before they run out.... order it as is.....don't leave anything out.....if ur in a hurry they have a window and picnic takes! but if u can wait....do so!.....best patio ever!! grab a sumpin sumpin ale, chow on queso fundido.....and just enjoy the funky country music! Atmosphere is the best..... u don't have to be a hipster by the way! as long as u have good company and ur not a douche bag....u will have a great time....hence why they have a 3 hr wait..... FAVORITE BAR!everything is great quality, staff had picked up pace since opening, great beer and bourbon.  now open for lunch on fri-sunday, not at crowded.  ps its a taco place, stop whining about reservations, credit cards, etc.ever since this place opened, strangers/friends have boasted that this is the best place to get tacos in chicago. are you serious, really? i swear to god, please have a better palate and dare to venture to other neighborhoods before making such a claim. shit, son.(this place also just makes me miss pontiac.)i know, i know, i'm digressing.so the complete lack attempt at creating an atmosphere for this place and the half-assed service makes me sad-vomit a bit. but i suppose people come here to be seen and appreciate the eye-candy. which, overall, i'm pretty okay with it.as for the food goes:taco de rajas de poblano = yes plztostada de pescado = yes sireetostada de refritos negros = the most uninspired thing i ever put in my mouthhorchata = asi asiIt's about time I gave this place an update.  Holy cow is this place hawt or what? It is slammed all the time but I see why.  It's pretty decent priced, drinks are cheap, food is still fine but I don't eat pork shoulder which is apparently what everyone raves about.  I tried the frijoles charros this past weekend and I was glad I did.  It will be my new go-to. Now, the real deal are the margaritas.  BEST EVER. NO JOKE.  That will be why I go back again and again - those things are amazing.Especially great on the patio in the summer. And holy crap, the margaritas will knock you on your ass....which can either be a good thing or a bad thing...Great tacos, tostadas and what not but definitely some of the worst service in the great city of Chicago.  I'm not complaining about the wait.  I can handle that.  Been there 3 times.  Always terrible service.  Do yourself a favor go to the take out window, buy a six pack and eat in the park.so if you like plaid shirts and think your blog is saving the world this is the place for you. there are so many people here trying to be cooler than the hipster next to them its fun just to watch. so i was taken to this place because i love guacamole and they do have some great guac and some great food the tacos we had were really good .the tilapia was the best of the bunch. i have had better but not by much.  ooo and did i mention they play music from a record player i guess cd are just not cool.so why if the food was good and did i only give the big star two stars? it was because when my friend and i where sitting at the bar we watched each and every drink being made and we were blown away by what we saw. they would scoop the ice out with their hands not even kidding picked up each cube with their hands put it in a glass and poor booze on top time after time this made me sick. if they do this in the front of the house what are they doing in the back of the house? wiping your hands on a blue bar towel does not mean your hand are clean and in no way do i want them in my drink. i would have given them 4 stars easy but until they get an ice scooper and use it they get only two stars.Love me some Big Star.  The only downfall is that it is eternally swamped.  Everyone loves them some Big Star.  I had the tostada with roasted mushrooms, corn truffle, arugula and red onion.  Fab.  Also grabbed a fish taco.  I say "grabbed" because we were too impatient to wait the 30-40 minutes so we went to the counter and "grabbed" our tacos and sat on the picnic benches.  Whatever.  Food tasted the same.  Excellent spicy green salsa.  We also enjoyed the guacamole and chips.  Other favs I have had here are the potato (papas) taco and the pork belly.  Yeh, I don't think you can really go wrong with any of the stuff at this place.Okay so I went to Big Star last night and really liked it... here's a break down:First off, as the guy at the door said, Big Star is really more of a bar than a restaurant. This means that to go you have to be 21+ like at any normal bar. They have limited table space - only 6 tables - and will only put groups of four or more at a table. Any smaller group can grab seats at the bar as they free up. Because it's more of a bar, people tend to stay at tables longer than at a restaurant, and if the tables are all full up, it can be anyone's guess as to when a group will leave. No reservations. With that in mind....Food: 5 stars. PORK BELLY TACOS ARE NOW MY FAVORITE FOOD. Okay, they are seriously good. The place also has pork shoulder tacos with pineapple, lamb tacos, and roasted poblano pepper tacos. They have a selection of tostadas and salads as well, but I didn't try those. Good tortilla chips and salsa.Drinks: 5 stars. Good selection of micro-brewed beer, good array of liquors of cocktail making. Also have limeade and horchata.Service: 4 1/2 stars. Door people and waitress were both really friendly (I think ours was named Daniella??), but the crowds can make it sometimes take a little while.Space: 4 stars. If you have a group of 4+ and can manage to swing a booth, it's a nice amount of room. Sitting at the bar looked as though it would be crowded, due to the fact that the bar is in the center of the room and there isn't much space to walk between the bar and the booths.Atmosphere: 4 stars. Music is kind of loud, but it's what you would expect in any hipster-ish bar. Crowd is an eclectic mix, trending mid-to-late 20s.Other: 3 1/2 stars. Okay, so the fact that there's a wait and the wait can't easily be quantified (as mentioned above) is kind of a bummer, but if you go in aware of this it's easier to deal with. We got there shortly after 10pm on a Thursday and waited maybe 20 minutes for a booth - but your mileage may vary.I had high hopes for Big Star and they all were met. It's easily my favorite spot in Wicker Park, and luckily I only live a block or so away. I'll try and keep this review short, but suffice it to say that I haven't had any food there I didn't like. That includes all 4 types of tacos, the beans, the queso fundido, the guac, all three salsas. Damn delicious. Their beer list is great, and everything is priced well.Two negatives though, dropping them a whole star:1) Seating sucks. First come first served is just awkward. You stand waiting for people to finish eating in hopes that they're going to get up from their stools. And there's no space to stand that's not just milling about in the aisle, so it gets doubly weird. 2) $3.00 for an ATM at a cash restaurant. Seriously? I may be wrong, but the restaurant has the ability to set the ATM fee at whatever they want and they chose an unnecessarily high price, while having a cash only place. Really uncool.Glad they opened, though. They're a great addition to the neighborhood.Salsa in squeeze bottles and a bar made of laminate flooring. That pretty much sums up the vibe in this misdirected taco joint. When you realize that this is the same team behind the fantastic Violet Hour, you lament what could have been.First of all, it's cash only. It's 2010 and I'm not riding in a rogue taxicab. Get with the plastic already. Find another way to pick-up the exorbitant $3 ATM fees. The drinks are actually not all that bad. Some strange flavor combinations, but overall not too bad. The draft beer selections could use some serious infusion of small craft and latin beers. Enough with the Schlitz and PBR bullshit.On to the squeeze bottles. The three salsas that are available are sitting around the bar in old six-pack carriers. Still not sure why I get charged $2 for someone to slide one of these containers within my reach. None of them is really that remarkable. They're just satisfactory. The handcrafted aspect of these is lost by being packaged in cheap squeeze bottles.The guacamole isn't too bad, though it could use a bit of lime and salt. Accompanying chips are fresh and crisp, but also lacking in salt. (Interestingly, when asked for salt, the bartender returned with a cocktail napkin rolled up with sodium magic. Were salt shakers outside of the budget?)To be honest, we only tried one taco, the pork belly. Pretty good flavor, but not really discernible as truly succulent pork belly. It could have been a fat hunk of garden variety Oscar Mayer. Not impressed.The real missed opportunity was the atmosphere. During our 45 minute stay, the only tunes to be had were d-list mariachi songs cranked out from a turntable. For the love of God. You've gone so far as to associate the name of the place with Texas and create this Austin roadside vibe. Why in the hell wouldn't you embrace the vibrant music scene, i.e., South by Southwest? Ditch this overdone hipster crap; make the sounds enjoyable. A good jukebox would go a LONG way to improving this situation.So, would I go back? When the weather changes and the huge patio opens, probably. It sure as hell beats that filthy hipster dump the Pontiac.I used to live on Damen & Division and when I first moved to Wicker Park the first thing anyone would ask me was if I had been to Big Star. I honestly wondered what all the hype was about...until I tried it. The place is PACKED almost all the time and several times that I went I waited well over an hour for a table. However, if you don't mind being shoulder to shoulder with some randos you can usually find a spot at the bar while you wait. The food is pretty cheap in my opinion, and it's amazing. My favorite tacos are the al pastor washed down with a pitcher of Big Star margs. The pitchers are a little bit pricey but SO worth it. They are strong as hell and delicious. One pitcher split with a couple people is really all you need...but you will order several more, trust me. The micheladas are also really good. The patio is awesome if you get a chance to sit outside on a nice day but the inside is equally as fun. The decor is funky and the atmosphere inside is busy, fun, and cozy when it's freezing outside. Only downside other than the wait is that they only take cash. You will forget this every time but no worries because there is an ATM inside. This place is the shit and you will love it.Amazing food, drinks and vibe. Went there last night. Put our name in(table for 2) with 17 people ahead of us. Note our name was called 80 minutes later(even on a Wednesday night, it's a hoppin place). So we walked to the back and ordered drinks, next thing we knew we had a seat at the bar. Drinks - what I love about this place is that they have the tequila options, it is a Mexican restaurant. But they also own the Tex-Mex by providing a HUGE offering of bourbon and whiskey. Their Bakersfield Buck(whiskey, lime, ginger ale), is one of the best cocktails I've had in a long while!Food - fresh, flavorful and most importantly the tortilla chips are extra thick and crunchy! I love a chip with a good crunch. Oh, and I can't forget to mention that we ordered our food and it literally arrived in 5 minutes!Atmosphere - it is very busy, very packed, but never annoyingly so. Fun vibe, not overrun with hipsters either.Staff - extremely helpful, responsive, great service.Price - extremely reasonable. 4 tacos, chips w guac, 6 drinks. $53 What the what?!?Hands down, my favorite tacos in the city (with the exception of Mercadito). These tacos are simply badass. They are simple, and they are delish. Fresh ingredients, good beer, good whiskey, and a good vibe. It is definitely hipster-town, so wear your tightest jeans and eyeliner. The guacemole is unbelieveable and I would also recommend the queso fundido as a shared appetizer. My favorite taco is the pork belly! Yummm! Also, the spicy chicken tostada is in fact, very spicy! And this is coming from an Indian girl, where the word spicy rarely comes out. Oh yes, and the margaritas here are super strong! Can't wait to go back...!There truly is no reason to comment.  Almost 1000 reviews and I just ate here for the first time.  Even if I told you the tacos had the tears of angry kitties in each one, you'd probably come here anyway.  Even if they did, they're sofa king good!damn!!!!!!!!!!love it hereI"m surprised people haven't figured this out yet, but when a restaurant is as crowded as big star servers do not have the time to attend to every little need a table has. Also given the sheer volume of patrons big star deals with, your food might take a little longer than it would at a normal restaurant. its called patience people, and having some makes life  a lot easier. Having said that, I will move on to the important stuff: the food. basically big star is a one of a kind in the city, and they nail the vast majority of their menu items perfectly. The queso fundido is to die for, the braised lamb tacos are extremely addicting, and the radish-topped guacamole is superb. As far as drinks are concerned big star has also achieved great success. there margaritas are excellent and real (no disgusting sweet and sour mix) their micheladas are some of the best in the city, the tequila selection is of superior quality, and the whiskey selection  can compete with the likes of any other whiskey bar in chi-town.remember though if you do not like crowds, or you are an impatient up-tight yuppie, do not go to big star. You will only become frustrated and annoyed which will make your server hate you and your experience will suffer because of it. However if you like great whiskey, cheap mexican beer, great food, a killer tequila selection and you don't mind a crowd, big star is the place for you.I should probably wait until I've eaten here to write a review, but whatever, here it is. I'm slowly becoming obsessed with Big Star. I was pretty bummed about Pontiac closing, and was skeptical of this place initially. Nothing could be a great as Pontiac, right? This place just might be. Excellent drink selection, excellent drink prices. The food looks and smells great. I will say as a pescatarian my options are quite limited, but whatever. I've never been with food on my mind, so not a problem for me. In list form...- Cash only, which blows- Always super packed, which is great for them, not for my ass if it's looking for a seat. But wait a bit, something will open up.- Anyone and everyone is there. Ideal for people watching. Hipsters, Chads, dads, yuppies, the like. If you are "looking" for something, it's likely there.- The Micheladas are amazing. AMAZING (sing it). I was thinking about one all day yesterday. I'm not a big drinker, so when I think about a specific cocktail throughout the day, it means something. -  The service is... not quite meh, but certainly not the best I've encountered. The bartenders have been great, but it was our server last night, at one of the counters alongside the wall, that opened this door. After standing for about 10 minutes, we'd been ignored by several servers. Finally we just ordered from the bar. Like I said, they have been slammed each time I've gone, so it's understandable. Not awesome, but I'm over it and I'll be back. Can't wait for the patio. This place is sweet.Sure, the cocktails are really good and $3 for a gourmet taco is a steal. But is it really worth the long waits and snooty service? You can sit outside and have a drink at dozens of places nearby. For that reason, the employees should act as if they actually appreciate your business and be eager to serve you. Instead, you have to wait 20 minutes to get served at the bar, and then desperately try to flag the bartender down when you're ready for another. The takeout window can also take forever, and the tacos aren't nearly as good to go. I'll take The Publican over this any day of the week.First off this place is always packed.  On our second attempt we just went with ordering from their takeout window and that still took 20 minutes standing in line.  We ordered everything except the potato taco as tacos without meat are like Christians without Jesus.  It should be noted that this is one of those places that only accepts cash which is always irksome, but more forgivable for hole-in-the-walls of which Big Star is most definitely not.They managed to completely forget our order and somebody else's as well despite a straightforward number system (I imagine them going "hey what is after 66?" and coming up with 68).  We brought it to their attention and they promised us some extra tacos as recompense.  Eventually we get our food after at least 30 minutes standing in line and then the being stuck in limbo.So we open our bag to see what are honestly some small tacos for three or four dollars each.  I mean we are talking taco truck mini taco (or normal tacos depending on your frame of reference), except no taco truck has the balls to charge that much for one taco.  Also, they wrap multiple tacos together in one foil and by wrap together I mean it is not possible to tell where one taco begins and another begins.  Other people around us were similarly chagrined at their order of two tacos turning into one megataco.  Furthermore, we did not receive any of the extra tacos we were promised.  We didn't particularly want more tacos but after forgetting our order and then trying to assuage us with extra tacos, to then forget the extra tacos was adding insult to injury.That brings us to how they taste.  Let me start by saying that the chicken taco was mediocre, hell it was veering into bad and the filling itself looked dreary with its sad and limp cucumbers.  The fish taco is pretty standard fried fish entree at a mexican restaurant, except any other place you can get a huge burrito for like five bucks that is as good or better.  The two pork tacos were much better, but come on, it's pork and these are dirt simple tacos. The walking taco is interesting if not my cup of tea and more suited to a taco truck.  We also had some guacamole, which while tasty was a freaking rip off at 8 dollars when the chips aren't even freshly made.  To be fair every place tries to rip you off for guac.  Avacados aren't THAT expensive.If I could get in and out without any line and without them messing up our order and just ordered pork tacos, maybe I would come back.  But the stars will never align like that and even if they did it would still be a tiny three dollar taco.Big star gets a 5 Star! This place is so good. Chicago yelpers are really bitching that you can't get a booth for 2 on a sat night when they don't take reservations (this isn't chipotle) Why do 2 people need a booth!!!!!! The food is amazing and so are the drinks!!! Go wait 2 hrs it's worth it and you can drink while you wait. The chips and Guac are refreshing. The porkbelly tacos and the fish tostada were my favorite, the queso I could die for and as for the drinks I love the Root Beer & whiskey! get over yourself Chicago.This place is just an average taco stand. you can find many of these places in the suburbs and the only reason this place is popular is because the wicker park location. It is filled with people who wouldn't venture out of the neighborhood and city. the food here is nothing special and the reason it gets all the hype is because it is in a hipster yuppie neighborhood. if you moved this place to Wood Dale it would not get all the print hype.Excellent food and very flavorful! You probably do not want to compare this to authentic Mexican food but as long as it tastes good, I'm happy! The only factor preventing me from giving this place 5 stars is the wait time. I finally ended up making it to Big Star on the 3rd attempt after my previous attempts ended when I saw the size of the line waiting to get in and encountered an extremely rude person directing the line.What I learnt was that if you want to have a good chance of getting a table quickly, pick a Sunday night. Mind you, the restaurant was full that night as well but at least we did not have to wait long for a table. Once you do get a table though, the atmosphere is great and the food is delicious!Piece of advice: take the 'L' or a bus. Parking is a BIG pain and when I finally found a spot, I came back to find that someone had dinged my car. The restaurant is right by the Damen Blue Line stop so as long as you have access to the 'L', I would strongly recommend you take it.Big Star's food used to be good two years ago. Tonight I ordered the pork belly and battered fish tacos and guac.  Tacos were cold and guac was bland and under salted.  The bar server has an attitude. I am not coming back...All it takes is a wisp of warm weather to drive the crowds to the Big Star patio for fairly priced eats and booze.  I'm partial to the tasty pineapple-flecked tacos al pastor and the strongly savory tacos de panza (a good squeeze from the accompanying lime wedges helps brighten things up).  If you're pinched for time hit the walk up window for access to the same menu, sans liquor, and several first come-first serve picnic tables.  And leave the cards at home and forget about tossing your couch cushions for loose change, Big Star only takes cash of the paper variety.Dear Pontiac: I miss you.  You were an actual dive bar, not a hip bar trying to be a dive bar.  You didn't have a really random rule that you had to sign up for tables, even outside, and then let them sit empty while a million people bumped around standing.  Your bartenders weren't slow.  Your decor wasn't prison like.  Big Stars Tacos looked good though.  I'm sure they were great.  I don't know that I'll be back to try them.  Sigh.  Fin.Well, after the 2.5 hour wait and a 1 hour meal, we finally got a clear idea of the "rules" at big star.... 1.the costumer is never right-Seth will ask you to leave before you've finished your drinks, because "other people are waiting and how dare you question him..." 2. You can't stand outside while waiting for a table because, "we're not that kind of establishment."3. Orders may be wrong, but its the customers fault, just except, eat, enjoy, pay, then leave quickly. 4. Accept cash only-Well, my second time there and I'm left with such a sour taste, I certainly will never go back and I'll discourage other people from going there as well. I enjoy high end eateries, but typically the service and staff are cordial and accomodating, you Will NOT find that here!! They're pretentious and rude. I'm surprised because if you walk across the street to violet hour, same owners, although a much nicer bar, the staff is great!Won't go back, won't recommend, won't ever say a nice word about the place. If you want to feel like you're at ed debevnicks for adults, go there, but instead of laughing you'll leave furious. Shame on you owners for accepting this behavior from your staff. Too many great restaurants in chicago to allow this.I am not a big fan of Mexican food but my friends said that this place was great so I went with them before my flight back to NY. OMG tacos are delicious!!! I had the pork shoulder, pork belly, and chicken taco as well as nachos with salsa. Nachos were pretty standard with a hint of lime. The red salsa was okay but the green salso was awesome. The tacos were made well and the meats were not overcooked. They had different ingredients in all of them and the pork shoulder was my favorite. If I go back to Chicago, I am definitely hitting this place up!Wow - worst customer service ever!   I don't care how good the food is or hip you think you are, attitude like that is just uncalled for.  Wanted to try this place for awhile since we heard good things from some friends, strolled up and were told that there were 20 people ahead of us.  Okay, great, so about how long?  No clue... So would you say like an hour or two?  Can't say. Could be an hour, could be tomorrow....  After a few minutes of that BS, we put our names down and decided that instead of leaving our entire night up in the air waiting for a phone call, that we'd just go somewhere else.  About an hour later they called - thanks for being so helpful!  Wish I could've tried the food, but I won't be going back.When some one asked me If I ever went to Big Star i wondered if a new Texan food chain had opened up to rival Chilies and had no interest.  When I heard it was opened by the creators of the Violet Hour I was automatically intrigued.The concept is fantastic (Bar with authentic mexican street food with an attached take-out window) The location: spectacular (took over the pontiac location--probably the most coveted spot by restauranteurs in the wicker park area), the execution: meh.  I walked up to the take out window of the jumpin spot on my way into work around 3 in the afternoon on a Saturday.  The place was packed and with all the buzz I was pretty excited to check out the grub.After placing my order at the pick-up window I perused the layout.  How dull!  Maybe I don't get it, but the location of this place is smack in the middle of Wicker Park.  It should be adorned appropriately; some sort of cool artistic expression somewhere ie. pictures, artwork, a plant I don't know--a painting of a sad clown for all I care--but something.  Instead, white walls inside and out.  It seemed like such a cop-out.  Maybe, I thought to myself, they let the food do the talking.  Ok.  I ordered the borrego (lamb), pork belly and al pastor tacos as well as the fish tostada.  When I opened each individual package I was thrilled to see that each taco looked like something you would get on the street In Mexico City, or On a roadside stand in Chiapas.  The al pastor was served with pineapple, like it should be.  The tacos were modestly toped with chopped onion and cilantro; LIKE THEY SHOULD BE.   None of that lettuce, tomato sour cream crap they put on at other places (why do they do that?)I could smell the achiote on the borrego and I began salivating.  No longer able to restrain myself I bit in.  Lamb, pork belly and al pastor were cooked perfectly.  All of them tender and melted in your mouth only to be sharply cut by the fresh chopped onion and cilantro.  The borrego had a rich earthy flavor. Yet somehow it just dissipated.  All the tacos seemed to do the same.  I can taste the variety of ingredients used but there was no "umph" to them.So what was missing?  Salt!  What a disappointment!  One of the common denominators of street food in Mexico is their unabashed use of salt.  For those of you wondering why I just didn't add my own salt read no further (i hear ignorance is bliss).  The red salsa they provided on the side was spectacular and did ameliorate some of the sodium deficiency.  The chiles toreados sucked.  They were an overcooked sloppy mess.  It think they were sauteed rather than charred on a grill.  The fish on the tostada tasted as if it were frozen at some point and again, lacked seasoning of any kind.  The toppings of the avocado and cilantro were good. This review may seem harsh being that my biggest qualm is about the lack of salt on the food. But mexican food when done right is an explosion of flavor; a perfect balance of in your face with lingering subtleties.  If you don't season it right its a huge miss.     With all the money and hype put into this place; grow some balls and salt the food.  And put a fricken picture on the wall.  I am going to have to come back to see if their cocktails are nearly as good as the violet hours, cause if they are its worth the trip back.With taco spots popping up all over I have to say that they are doing it right at Big Star, I really enjoyed the food. I loved the fish and pork tacos.went during opening week around 10:45pm and the place was busy. we luckily got 2 stools and grabbed a drink while we waited for a booth to open up.  the margaritas are excellent and the sodas are tasty too.  tried almost everything on the menu since there were 4 of us.  the absolute winner of the night were the pork belly tacos.  tried the goat, fish, and al pastor tacos as well.  they were all good but the prok belly definitely blew the rest out of the water. dulce de leche milkshake is SO good and very sweet. basically the perfect dessert after a nice taco treat.the one thing we didn't really absolutely love was the queso fundido.  there was nothing special about it and i would prefer to fill my stomach with more pork belly than melted cheese.  their tortillas are excellent and hand made. once that walk up window opens up it's gonna get crazy over there.  i definitely feel like you should go there for the drinks and have THE best food to snack on, but for an actual meal it's probably pushing it since there are only about 5 booths. 4 people (3 hungry guys included) and our bill came out to $51!  love it. will be back and recommend to others.It doesn't get any hipper, or better guacamole, than here in Chicago, or many other places.I love this place!  This could very well be due to the circumstances of my first visit...I went to this place with a group on a Saturday night and was told there were no reservations but we needed to be there at 8pm and not late.  The reason is they do reserve tables for people they know...luckily that was someone in our party.  The downside of all this is they have, what seems to be, a strict occupancy limit.  We had to wait in the cold outside for people to leave before we could go in and join our party drinking at the bar.  Within about 5 minutes we were told to come inside and walked passed several people in line at the door.  The place was fairly loud but had a comportable cozy atmosphere.  I was expecting the place to be overdone with decor but it was very understated. We were sat at our table shortly after getting the bar and grabbing our first drink.  The table allowed for our party of 6 but couldnt handle many more.  Our waitress was great and was full of personality.  I ordered a margarita on the rocks and it was one of the best I've had in Chicago.  We decided on family style which is what I would recommend for groups.  We had a variety of delicious tacos.  Tacos Al Pastor was my favorite (pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, onions and cilantroz)....YUM!  My second was Tacos De Panza made with pork belly...get it!  The close third was the Tacos De Raja De Poblano with roasted poblano peppers and the Tinga De Pollo made with wood grilled chicken thighs.  We ordered two orders of guacamole to go with our meal which was a great addition.  I will definately be back and ready to try more off the menu.Great bar, nice outdoor seating. Get the fish taco, you won't regret it.DRUNK TACO!! this place is great for any occasion, lunch, happy hour, or dinner. All my out of towners love it here.. They have, hands down, the best taco el pastor i have ever eaten (they toss in some roasted or grilled pineapple - yummy!).  All of there creations are pretty delicious, the downside is, it gets really busy and the waitstaff (sadface) seem to be in to them selves at the wrong times... slow service at times makes me dislike the spot.. but everything else is deeelicous! if you haven't been, it is a must to experience the big star.. and yes i call the drunk taco, cause every time i eat here, i get a nice little buzzz, they have dollar schlitz and 3 buck  -  shot of the day - whiskey.. make sure to get an order of the chips and guac..their house salsas (the smokey chipotle is my fav) are great! mmm i want a taco now.. cheers!3 bucks a taco but always fantastic food!  A must try!The best queso fundido I've ever had.  Great tacos too. Tilapia taco was awesome and pastor was uniquely balanced with pineapple.  It gets a little crowded, but if you get a table, it shouldn't concern you.let's get one thing clear.  this is NOT a taqueria.  however, after trying all 4 tacos on the menu i realized they were the best i've ever eaten.  number one is the lamb, then the crispy pork belly, then the al pastor,  and finally the poblano/cheese.  they are silly stuffed with delicious meats & WELL worth the 2-$3 price.  i already knew about the size of them so i went to santullos first for a slice of pizza.  because i knew bourbon would be involved & the pizza helped me stay alive.this IS a bourbon bar.  simple.  with a RECORD PLAYER!  the bartenders spin awesome albums!   yay!my experience was amazing.  i love paul kahan & knew he would not be involved with crap.  so i was expecting good things, contrary to many of the former yelp reviews.  stupid stupid people-do NOT go to a small new business after 9pm on a friday night.  i went when they opened & it was very easy to get a table even though i preferred to sit at the bar.the drinks were off the charts-with the perfect cubes of ice & so much delicious whiskey & bourbon all charted in a laminated book.  all kinds of tequila & mezcal, too.  i stuck with bourbon because i'm not that crazy.i will be back for half a dozen lamb shoulder tacos with that side of brown gravy that comes with them.  i'm totally sold.weird feelings on this place - wasn't anything bad about it, but it was just overwhelmingly 'blah.' drinks were cheap, and my friends got tacos which they reported as being good. i think it was the lack of decor that made this place odd. they have a good setup, but the boxy white walls made it feel like we were drinking in someones garage. def worth 2 stars, close to 3..first off, let me be clear.  i am not a hipster.  i do not own cool hats.  i do not have a tattoo (much less one on my chest or neck).  i do not have a funky hairstyle or color.  i do not do "ironic" things.  i do not know about bands (especially not those that aren't even bands yet).  i no longer live in bucktown/wicker park.  i do not ride a bike.  ever.big star is staffed by hipsters and patronized by a mostly hipster crowd.  so yeah, the bf and i stick out like a sore polo-clad-unhip-white tennis shoes-chixie thumb.  however, we love beer and tacos and guac and tequila and quick service and funky environments and vinyl tunes and patios and awesomeness.  so we love big star.maybe we are hipsters after all.After hearing nothing but great things about Big Star I got to try it out last night. First of all I love tacos and I love pork. Who doesn't? I got the tacos al pastor and the tacos de panza. I loved how the sweet pineapples complimented the pork shoulder which was cooked to perfection. I loved the tacos de panza as well. Fresh ingredients and great cooked meat. I can't wait to g back and try more tacos and dive into their whiskey selection.I didn't have the pleasure of going to Big Star to eat...and maybe I don't want to (some of the reviews are kinda harsh when it comes to service but I'll be the judge of that myself.) but holy shit, your food is AMAZING. I ate like the fattest kid in the world last night. I could eat the Tacos al Pastor for breakfast and dinner and the Tostada de Pollo for lunch, every single day for the rest of my life. The kick that comes from the Tostada de Pollo is perfect. It's spicy, it's flavorful, it's a delicious kick in the mouth with every bite. The Tacos al Pastor are perfectly seasoned and the grilled pineapple compliments the pork in a way I never thought was possible. I know, I know, pork with pineapple is very standard but seriously, this is so much more.  I also had the Tacos de Pescado and meh...not so much for me. However with even one taco that I didn't like, you managed to keep your 5th star. You ask me, Christine, how can Big Star keep their 5th star when you didn't like their fish taco? Well, the answer is simply in the guacamole. It's delicious and creamy and I ate almost the whole serving by myself. Yes folks, I  ate 90% of the guacamole by myself and didn't share. Again, I was a fat kid last night, and I don't regret it one bit.  I'm normally a spicy guac kinda girl, but honestly, spicy or not this guacamole is simply delish. Their chips are perfect too...it's like a combo from heaven. I can't wait to get my hands on the lamb taco...Fantastic tacos, fast service and solid drinks.Cash onlyThis place holds a real Austin, TX style ambiance. The tacos I'd say are on par with the best in the city and the queso fundido was killer.  We were told we had a 30 min wait for a table but we ended up finding a spot along the back wall before then. It's a hipster filled place which isn't usually my style but the atmosphere was great with the spinning vinyls and old school speakers on the wall. I will definitely be back.You wouldn't normally think of Big Star as a good spot for vegetarian fare but the taco de ejotes was utterly amazing. That along with the pickled veggies make a surprisingly satisfying meal. We try to go on a weeknight when it's not too crazy. The sea of yellow tolix chairs sure are fun.Oh man, I was not sure what I was in for when my companion suggested a trip to Big Star on a Friday night.  Patience is not a virtue of ours.  So when we were told the wait was going to be 45 minutes...ehh...my feet wanted to bolt to the door.  However, we stuck it out, squeezed into a spot at the bar to order some drinks...whiskey please and our table was ready in no time.   The staff was super sweet from the get go and service was fast.  It's hard to rate which tacos were my favorite but the pork belly and Tilapia were at the top of my list.  It was such a hit, my companion, never one for redundancy insisted we come back on Sunday night.This is actually a great place to go by yourself--it's a little too loud and crowded to have a conversation in, but the music works (Carter Family segueing to King of the Road), the service is extraordinary, and the giant rectangular bar is actually pretty comfortable, though not intimate.  The tacos were cheap and good and arrived promptly.  The staff are REALLY sweet, zero attitude. I miss the Pontiac Grill, but I don't really mind the absence of cool factor in its successor.  If I lived here I'd stalk it and try to find a truly quiet time to be here and relax with another person, but as a place to duck into for a couple of drinks and a nosh after a day of shopping it's fine. It felt like a friendly stationary street fair.Man, F this place. What's the big deal? seriously. Over crowded and for what? Wait an hour for a table on a Wednesday night. Had some drinks while we waited...the drinks were weak...and I got their signature margaritas and was expecting a bit more. Chips and guac was decent, fish tacos overly battered and deep fried. I make better fish tacos at home. Not worth it.I wish I had a place like this close to my house! I went two separate times and got two different things. The first time I got the horchata and the veggie taco (I don't remember the actual name). The horchata was so good! It was blistering hot outside, and the horchata was the perfect blend of cold and subtle sweetness.  I had the fish tostada and the veggie taco the second time, so yey to this place for being pescatarian friendly.  I prefered the fish tostada over the vegetable taco simply because I think tacos should have more in them than simply vegetables.  Don't get me wrong, it was tasty - a little spicy and a good blend of flavors - but it just didn't hit the spot.  The fish tostadas are small (like almost everything else here, but hey it's like $3) but pretty filling. I stole the pineapples out of my boy's taco so it was even better!  Oh I almost forgot about the chips and guac.  $6 and so good.  Again, small portions on the guac, but oh so many chips.  We got this like 4 times, we even took two orders for the road because we couldn't stop eating it.  The chips are perfect - they don't taste oily like some places, and the guac is heavenly.  The best part are the turkey/chicken shaped lollipops at the end!I can't comment on the alcohol or sitting area, I got food to go each time...but the place was PACKED everytime I walked past - even at random times of the day.  It seemed like a pretty friendly atmosphere...young adult types with dogs and a thirst for breaking the mold lol.Always ask for the food specialsFor vegetarians, the few choices on the menu are enough to make a pretty tasty  meal. Tacos with chips, guac and salsa. But there are enough reviews about the tacos here, so I don't need to attest to those. What I WILL say is beware of hit-or-miss service. Our server was nice but the host was rude. Don't card me in the middle of the afternoon and then warn me that if I don't show my ID I can't get in after 8pm. Why would I care what you do at night if I'm there at 5pm?  It's dinnertime, there are parents here with kids, we're not all here to get obliterated in the middle of the afternoon. What's the point in giving me attitude for not showing you my ID?Went in for lunch with a girlfriend and sat at the bar. She'd been there a few times so I let her take the lead. Margarita pitcher: YUM. I have to say, it was strong and gooooooo-ooood!!!! We left nice and buzzed. I forgot the name of the appetizer but it was a cheese one... it was fire. Chicken tacos were delish & I'm not a fish person at all but the Tilapia taco was great. I don't know what kind of sauce was on it but man it was good. We each had 3 tacos (they are small), with appetizer & a pitcher of very potent margarita with tip: $60. Not bad at all. Service was great too... they were sure to keep filling our waters up quickly.go to the order window and get TACO PESCADO. you will die a happy person.the horchata was disappointing, there was a minty taste in it and not my style of a traditional horchata.LOVE this place. Great hangout when the weather is nice. Big patio out front but it's always crowded on a nice day so be prepared to wait for a table. Very lime-intensive guac which is great. Best taco is the Al Pastor. No question. Good luck getting seated during the cold months...inside is very small...it gets crowded and you will likely end up eating standing by the bar...but you know what? It's pretty much worth it! And $10 Schlitz pitchers. Yes, please!I've heard HORROR stories about the service here, and for that reason I've stayed clear and far away for sometime. I was a little scared to go my first time, but it turned out okay. I dont eat pork, so I only had the fish tostados and they were pretty top notch. I'm still a little weary of the service, and i'm ready to quit them at my first sour experience. There's plenty of taco joints in the town.short and sweet - doormen - 0 stars - hipster assholes that think they're running a vegas club....host(ess) - 2 stars - rarely can tell you how long the wait will be, and very bad a sniffing out vacated tables to get them turnedbartenders - 2.5 stars - a litle smug for my taste, but they are busyservers - 3 stars - generally friendly, but sometimes not very attentivefood - 5 stars - the food and patio are the only thing that make this place worth coming to...Avg. - 2 stars1 suggestion - they need to rid themselves of the phone call back for table reservations.... it takes way too long for people to show up, way too long for the employees to turn the tables, and generally pisses people off when tables are sitting vacant for 20+ minutes while 50 people are staring at it.I think they need to get a deli-style ticket counter that shows a "now serving #...." and post it up on the wall inside (maybe another small one outside).  It will be much more efficient and help those waiting know how fast/slow their table may be coming.  eliminates the wait time for missed phone calls and keeps things moving faster...I'm about done with the bar area, from now on, it will be take out or not at all...that's my .02The food is yummy, and should get 5-stars (especially for the price) in my opinion.  I don't really care about the wait times... Popular places often require a little patience.I'm docking one star for the hostess, and another star for the doorman.  I have found both to be unnecessarily smug and rude on more than one occasion.  Don't act like you're doing me a huge favor by acknowledging my existence...  Aside from their general smugness, I had one experience early on a weekend afternoon (it wasn't that crowded), when I was meeting some friends for tacos & drinks... My friends were already seated, and I was on the list with a another friend.  When our name got called, the table next to my friend's table was paying the bill, but the hostess insisted on seating us at a table that had just opened on the other side of the patio.  I asked if she could please just give the open table to the next party on the list and that we would be fine waiting a few minutes for the table next to our friends to clear.  She said no, and kept insisting that she couldn't do that because it "wouldn't be fair" to everyone else behind us on the list.  Huh?  I was like, do you think the people after us on the list will be upset about getting seated sooner and not being at a table next to my friends?  She just continued to say no, she couldn't do it.  I said fine, we'll take the table that is available now and just request with our waiter to move to the other table when it opens in one minute.  She still said no... She was freaking determined not to let us sit next to our friends that we had come to hang out with... You call this customer service?  Meanwhile, the people finished paying and got up from the table we had wanted while we were back to arguing some more about the fairness issue... I pointed and showed her that they were now gone (which literally took less than a minute from the time this whole conversation started), and I asked if we could now have the table since it was also empty.  She looked defeated, and although it appeared to pain her greatly, she said fine.  I said great, thank you... And we sat down to eat.  Jeez!My fiancee and I went for dinner recently... We gave our ID's to the guy manning the door and he said there's a wait.  I asked about how long he thinks it might be and he just mumbled something like "I don't know" as he looked in the other direction.  It came across as so freaking smug!  Perhaps he could have said I'm not sure and pointed us to the person who would know, or said at least an hour, or something that would have been at least slightly pleasant and helpful.  We immediately just turned around and left, and actually had a surprisingly tasty meal at Penny's across the street.PAUL KAHAN & Co, if you're reading this, I strongly recommend you consider a few staff changes... Some of them are weak links and do not represent you well.  It's a shame because everything else about your place is firing on all cylinders.Good spot always busy so dont roll your flippin eyes when you arrive, Chad, Trixy, Blade, Darzef, ...That being said staff and food are great. Crowd varies on a night to night basis.After hitting Big Star its hard to continue a night out due to mexican food is a late night deal or stay at the crib type food. Garlic and Spicy is intense when trying to push forward. Cant wait to see that patio!Hipster heaven... Good tacos.. cash only kind of a pain in the bulls tooFinally experienced Big Star, I was looking forward to this for weeks.  I will start with the pro's.  I love that when you put your name on the wait list they will call you when your table is ready.  We had to wait about an hour in a half which is redic, the nicest restaurants in Chicago don't have you wait that long.  My party of 3 went down the street for a bottle of wine.  The hostess was very nice.Guac was goodTecate beer cheapOutdoor area greatCons.. First off the place is cash only, I really think they should have a sign at the hostess booth announcing this.  Considering we had a hour and a half wait we would have gone to the atm, instead of each of us paying the 3 dollar fee on the atm machine inside.  Instant bad taste in mouth!  Second con.. I LOVE spicy food, I add hot sauce to everything, the chicken tostata said spicy, but it did not say insanely spicy that your lips and mouth will burn forever.  I really feel that if something is that spicy the waitress should disclose that, and let the people know.  All three of us ordered it and we could not even attempt to consume it, it was so spicy and when we complained she basically told us "the menu says spicy".  All in all.. It wasn't the great experience, and I don't need to go back!3.5 is about right.we had 3 different kind of tacos. the chicken was dry, but the al pastor was tasty and i thought the queso fundido was very goodNot a bad neighborhood spot to meet up with friends.  The drinks are better than the food, which is ok for a bar menu.  Pork belly tacos weren't bad.Pretty good and cheap. Definitely the place to be right now.  Ten tatoo minimum on the clientèle.  We had 6 drinks and ate like hungry drunks for $37!  Great people watching and the music was good. Try the pork tacos with the pinapple. The fish ones were so/so. Also, the pablano tacos rocked. $3 beers and huge patio, YAY!It's Saturday night in Wicker Park.  I would expect that places are going to be busy, maybe even have a line outside or a little chaos inside.  So how come the staff at Big Star didn't expect this???Everyone who I interacted with had some sort of stressed out/annoyed with the customers attitude that I did not appreciate.  When I was in line, the bouncer and the hostess were literally arguing with each other about who to let in and then finally the bouncer just let us in because he "didn't want to deal with us anymore."  What a welcome! (please note that we were not obnoxious!).Similar scene inside... bartenders with serious attitudes, manger-types literally pushing people to get where they needed to be, people with cases edging their way through the crowds.  At one point, my friend turned to me and said "being here is really stressing me out!."Come on, Big Star.  I like your food and drinks, but seriously? Pull it together and loose the rude attitude- it's Saturday night!Not sure what all the hype and crowds are about, just decent tacos here.  Staff is beyond rude, I will not be returning.The taco's here are beyond fantastic. They are seasoned perfectly and are not smothered in cheese or greasy in any way. The 2 complaints that we had were that:1) The staff is beyond RUDE. 2) We ordered a mix of everything on the menu to GO and nothing was labeled. We had a vegetarian with us and it would have helped if they would have atleast put the veg options in a separate bag.LOVEEEDDD Big Star, so they get my stars :) We came here last night for a late dinner at 9pm and the place was buzzin, for two people, we were quoted about an hour and a half wait and that's at 9pm on a Wednesday night, which has to tell you something about the food. We opted for the to go option where you can still sit on the other side of the restaurant but you just can't get alcohol, which was fine with me since I didn't come to get my drink on, even though people who were getting their drink on seemed to be having a might good time with all those tequila shots we saw.Now onto the food, the guacamole and chips literally blew our socks off!! Wait, we weren't wearing any socks, but I guess it blew our flip flops off. I was really surprised because I wasn't expecting it to. It was tangy and limey and absolutely flavorful and delicious and for $8.00 I thought it was a generous serving and the chips were crispy and super fresh which made it even better. Now onto all the tacos we tried, from the pastor, to the chicken, to the pescado and to the pork belly! OH EM GEE!! They were all good, but the Pork Belly was my absolute favorite, next time I'm getting all pork belly, well, okay maybe one Pastor. It was juicy, flavorful, not fatty at all (which I like) and had this awesome queso all over it, i mean wow! One of my top tacos, ever!! I was honestly not a fan of the fish, even though it had great flavor with the spicy mayo and coleslaw, I guess I'm just not a fan of fish tacos in general, not Big Star's fish taco. Will definitely be back with our friends but I don't think I'm coming here on the weekends and risking my to go area to be taken as well since I'm not waiting 3 hours for a table :)beer and tacos, can't go wrong. cash only, but that's not a  problem when the tacos are three dollars. had the pork shoulder, pork belly, potatoes, and tilapia. they were all delicious but the tilapia was the best! fried and covered with limey spicy mayo. so so good. the pork belly also stood out. potato one was kind of a loser in this bunch, but it's still enjoyable. the salsas (i like the verde) here are really great too so pour it on.they have good beers on tap, but are sometimes out of the ones listed. usually not a big deal but if you have expectations, it can get really sad. also really hate how crowded it always is no matter the time or day, but getting a seat at the bar on a monday night or something works out. yum!Update: the "scene" here has worn a bit thin for me. The bouncers are surly and too cool for school. It is trying too hard to be the Meatpacking District and it's like, "Can we all chill out? I just want a few tacos and some whiskey."You really cannot beat this place.   The food is amazing.  Great music.   All around amazing service for being a 50+ table place serving $3 tacos. The fish taco and pastor are both my go-to tacos.   Five stars also owed to: the awesomely stylish young lady (who I have seen working at the Charleston and other establishments around town.)  Great conversation, attentive even when she's obviously too busy to blink.   These bartenders remember you and take great care of you.Awesome chips and atmosphere...very clean and fresh feeling.  14 year old picked it out...she liked the hipster feel and we were not disappointed with the food.  Small portions, but very filling. I had the salad and was eating for a good 10 minutes after everyone was done with their little tacos!  Definite repeat visit for us...OMG. I fell in love with this place. EVERYTHING that I tried was good. I would have to say that the pork belly is my fave though. It's almost impossible to get a seat in the restaurant but seems like an awesome place for the summer since they have outdoor seating, One many occasions, waiting time for the restaurant can exceed an hour so we always get it to go. There's a window outside that you order from. the menu isn't huge so ordering is easy. I say just get one of each! It comes with red and green sauce along with limes and a lollipop. The prices are reasonable, staff is friendly but parking sucks. I would definitely recommend this place, They're open late!Another winner from Paul Kahan.  I absolutely loved this place.  Very casual and inexpensive.  I almost applauded when the check came.  I sampled nearly every taco, some more than once.  My favorites were the Al Pastor, Pork Belly, and Chicken.  I'd pass on the potato and fish unless your diet requires it.  I didn't abide with the awesome whisky selection but I did have several Three Floyds Zombie Dust craft beers on tap.  They were exceptional.  If I lived in the area I would be a regular here.Ever since I tried this place for the first time I have had a craving to go back. The place is awesome, wait staff is great, margaritas are very strong, guac is delish, tacos are incredible, what more can you ask for!Mmmm, who knew tacos could taste so good? Dark, hipster joint with a nice selection of gourmet tacos. I enjoyed my three different tacos and will definitely go back to try their guac and a nice brew from the bar. Be forewarned the tacos are small so order a few and bring some cash.This is my favorite place to go on any given day.  Awesome food, great music and splendid service. The atmosphere is great and fits well within the wicker park scene. Reminds me so much of a typical so-cal joint in L.A.So I finally made it to Big Star. Kept hearing about their tacos and margaritas. Margaritas were excellent. Food was so-so. There's so many better places in Chicago to get REALLY good Mexican food but they're not as hip and no outside seating. The main thing here is the scene. And yes there is a fun parade of people to watch. But a line a block long to sit outside...come on.After multiple visits here, I just can't bring myself to like Big Star. Service at the bar was friendly enough, but if you're sitting anywhere else, indoor or out, you're taking your chances. I've found all of the servers I've encountered to be more than slightly haughty, and it almost seems as if bringing you your food and libations is something of an afterthought to them. Maybe they're all just too busy making google-eyes at their beloved patio to notice paying customers. When the patio starts buying shit, I'll be more understanding. Until then, please get your act together people of Big Star. Also, the fish tacos are just plain tasteless. I know it's trendy and all, but Big Star is a Big Flop for me. I can't recommend it.The food is pretty good & the bar is even better.  The parking around here is horrible & there can be a wait but other than that, it's all good.This is a great place for take out! Big Star is amazingly delicious and they give you some serious flavor in huge tacos for a small price. I lived in Mexico in college and my family is from Texas so I have had a great deal of Tex/Mex food. This is a favorite spot of mine in the city for tacos.Big Star is over hyped and over rated.  It's extreme popularity driven by a congregation of hipsters.  I found most tacos to be a tad bland and boring in flavor.  Chicago is a diverse city with plenty of good taco joints.  While Big Star is not bad by any means, it is not worth going out of your way.  For innovative tacos with more flavor and much better margaritas, check out the "Taco Joint" in Lincoln Park.Big star is perfect for the bourbon and taco aficionados out there. Their drink menu is about 8 pages long with many bourbon/whiskey based drinks to choose from as well as a section for tequila lovers (that's me!). Unique and carefully crafted, their drink menu rivals Violet Hour in terms of quality and creativity. The food menu is tiny, with maybe 10 items but everything is to-die-for, which is an adjective I use sparingly. I've had each taco on their menu (the pork belly is by far my favorite) as well as the fish tostada, the guacamole and their queso, which was described by a friend as having "layers of flavor that just don't stop." The food pairs well with the drink offerings and the quality is top notch.In terms of the setting: The space is small and the focus is on the large bar situated in the middle of the room. Large groups will either have to stand or wait for one of the 5 booths. Both times I've been I've put my name on the list and been seated within an hour, which seems like a long time but it flew by as I enjoyed drinks and conversation with my friends. When the patio opens in the summer I can only imagine Big Star will earn a solid 5 stars in my book. It's cash only for now, and for their sake I hope that changes. I'm more likely to drink on a tab than with the sole $20 in my pocket.I've been to Big Star plenty of times and I really like it. The food and drinks are excellent and inexpensive. However, the thing that used to really keep me coming back was the great service. In the past, I was always impressed with how, even when totally crazy-busy, the employees here are smiling, polite, and helpful. However, this seems to be changing. The last several times I got a craving for their al pastor, I was really disappointed with the service. It was fast but rude. In a city full of delicious tacos, I have no reason to put up with agression and eye-rolls from restaurant staff. The rudest of all is a woman I've encountered when ordering from the window. I wanted to believe she was just having a bad day, but this has happened on more than one ocassion. One time she raised her voice when I had a normal question for her about the food. Another time she snatched the money out of my hand. And finally a third time, she looked at me, sighed heavily, turned away and stood there tapping her fingers and staring at the wall for a few minutes, then turned back and said "are you ready yet?!" I was actually ready the entire time, thanks.I guess Big Star is so popular now that they don't need to be very nice to be successful. But my money, at least, is better spent where people smile and say "please" and "thank you."met friends here for drinks and dinner a few saturdays ago. we were told it could upwards of 2 hours for a table which we all thought was nuts and unrealistic (it was a saturday in january and the weather was extermely nice)we were lucky enough to get a spot at the bar and had some beers and margaritas. the drinks were good and not too highly priced. we ordered the chips and guacamole to munch on. the place did get very crowded and the bouncer at the door was doing the 1 in 1 out thing so it was tough to get the rest of our party through the door. they wouldnt allow them in until we had out table which was frustrating. we pushed the woman taking names and she got us a table so our friends could come in. this place really only had tacos on the menu. i tried one of each and think the fish taco was the best (what she order - fish fillet! lol) pretty good - worth a 2 hour wait? probably not. anyway, wasnt a huge issue. we enjoyed our time there and had a nice meal. CASH only - so be ready. as we were leaving, we noticed they had a to go window. def will be using that next time!the only reason to go to big star is to get a quick and small snack while having a drink.  they do not have a full bar; they only serve rum, and a variety of tequilas, mezcals and whiskeys.  while their drinks and food are inventive and unique, they're definitely no bargain (except the tacos at $3 a pop).  the place stays alive because they've got a patio space in a prime location, and because they manufacture demand.  the staff is exceedingly unfriendly and i wouldn't be surprised if they're trained to be that way. i mean, i can forgive a terse and unsmiling bartender because they're overwhelmed by yuppie d-bags who are demanding jaegerbombs that aren't even on the menu.  of course, they might not be so overwhelmed if the hostess would seat people in the inner patio and not force them to stand around the bar where there aren't any available seats.  this requires explaining:two of us showed up at around 11pm on a sunday night to find a packed bar and a virtually empty patio section.  the hostess told us she'd take our name down for a table and come find us in the bar area when something came available.  when i asked we could take one of the (six, or so) empty tables on the patio she said: "i'm not ready to seat the patio yet." i looked around, puzzled, and noticed two separate empty booths inside.  "can we have one of the empty booths inside?""those are reserved for parties of 4 or more.""that makes sense.  can we have one of these 2-tops on the patio?""i'm not ready to seat the patio yet."long story short: we went inside, saw no seating available, and decided to get take-out at the take-out window outside the entrance.  (the take out window itself is awesome and, now that i think about it, the only reason i even go to big star these days).  i guess the bottom line is this: hipster attitude comes with the territory if you decide to hang out in wicker park.  it just is what it is.  wicker park is a vibrant, dynamic, unique, and wonderful part of chicago that any tourist or local would deprive themselves to miss.  that said, there is a line one must often decide to cross if they want to partake in such... "uniqueness."  the irony here is that i actually have a rapport with one of big star's owners and i know him to be incredibly dedicated to his patron's satisfaction.  every single bartender, door man/woman, hostess and server that i've had to deal with here has been a total assh*** with very little exception.  i would say the only reason to go to big star is at a low-peak time (which is almost never).  but honestly, after my last visit, i really would rather go anywhere else in the neighborhood.    CASH ONLY.Fish tacos and tacos al pastor hit the spot!! Sometimes they have hot chocolate at the walk-up window which is very tasty.  Extensive whiskey menu. Cash only. fun spot.This place can get hella crowded, cash only, and limited menu choice.  Overall though the tacos and guac is very good!!!  Pork belly taco I love you!!!Best. Tacos. Ever.I like this place.  Minimal SW desert gas station decor, good beer selection with some cheaper (but fun) options, delicious pork belly tacos and crispy chips with squirt-bottle salsa.  Our waitress was really friendly and efficient and checked up on us regularly.  We came here on a Wednesday night around 5 and it definitely began to fill up around 7 when we left, but such is the dilemma with any place that's nice, has good food and reasonable prices.  I'm pretty used to hitting up places like this at off-times.  One of my friends referred to Big Star as a "trend hole", but it lived up to the hype during my visit.  Like most spots in Wicker Park, it's a bit pretentious, so just remember to put on a nice shirt and don't say anything stupid.Man, do I wanna marry this place.  Pros:  INSANELY GOOD MEXICAN FOOD.  Fun cantina atmosphere - pretty dark with those fun stringy lights hanging from stuff up in the air.  Good beer menu, great vibe.  Country music - not my personal fave, but it was festive and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Good times.Cons:  Slightly inconvenient.  You can't just pop in here and expect to have a table.  You gotta come mentally prepared/in a laid back mood and know you will wait (indefinitely) for a perch, and you will be squished.  It is ALWAYS packed, in a sardines kind of way.  They have booths, but unless you're 4 or more people, you can't have one.  But you can wait for a seat at the bar.  Honestly, I care not.  I think it's kind of part of the experience.  This place rocks.  So, you grab a beer from the bar, and post up against the wall (there's a shelf around one side of the restaurant with hooks underneath for your coats/bags, so you can hang there and order food while you wait for a perch).  Good beer menu, and the food is STUPIDLY good, and it's even more stupidly reasonable - like, $2 or $3 per plate.  My friend and I went last week, each had 3 beers, and split a guac/chips app (delightful lime-y tortilla chips, and homemade guac), and 2 dishes (two rounds of tacos - both of which made me weak at the knees), and I think it was $35.  Giddy up.2.5...the opened late part is good...the lack of late-night queso makes me skeptical.  Tacos are decent but not spectacular.  Ditto the salsa.I'm in love with this place! They have great outdoor seating in the summer and a cozy covered atmosphere in the winter. Pork belly is a must and the guacamole can never be passed up on. Be aware that the margaritas are super strong!Tacos and bourbon what else canine say. Perfect combo done right.I am a fan! I can not wait to go back when I visit the city again. I had the fish tacos, guacamole app which was very fresh and the beer I has was plisner of some sort - it went okay, so so, with the meal. Yummy!I'm from LA so I have had my share of good tacos.  I have heard such rave reviews about Big Star so I was so excited to try it.  The line is ridiculously long so we just ordered from the take out menu and ate on the picnic table.  The people watching and the outdoor seating area is great, but the food left much to be desired.  I had the tacos de panza (pork belly) and the tostada de pollo and guacamole.  I thought the best thing was the guacamole.  The tacos de panza, although flavorful was too oily and the tostada de pollo was really bland.  If you are looking for good tacos, go elsewhere.  I feel like big star is overhyped and overrated.Despite our friends having already been seated, and though there were plenty of available seats, the people running this place snarkily told us we needed to wait in a 25-person line.  Ridiculous.  I found the owners/bouncers pompous and rude.  Awful, awful experience.  We left without eating.  Too bad, as I hear the food is fantastic.I'd give this place a much higher rating if they flipped half their weird pierced tattooed hippy self absorbed staff who need to go to customer service school.  Their drinks don't come to the top of the glass either.  Tacos and other food good though.  Just not so good as to endure the douche-baggery.After one failed attempt on a Saturday afternoon 2 weeks ago (there was a 2-hour wait), a friend and I tried yet again on another Saturday afternoon last weekend.  There was a table available if we didn't mind sitting in the sun.  Of course not!!!!!  That patio is one of the better ones in Chicago, I'd burn to a crisp in the sun for a seat any day!  (just bring sunscreen)A pitcher of Big Star 'ritas and some guacamole started this adventure off on a good note.  If you like margaritas, go with the Big Star - there is a hint of smokiness in the aftertaste.  Guacamole was pretty good.  I've had better, but I do like the bite of the radishes in there.  Chips... amazing.  Then came the tacos - one fish, one pork, one pork belly.  Absolutely delicious.  I heard they used to be $2 a piece which seems more reasonable to me given their size.  However, $3 is worth the flavorful goodness that each taco provides.***WARNING: be prepared - they are cash only.  Bring cash!  Lots of it just in case you decide to stay for 7 hours eating tacos and drinking 'ritas.  It can happen.  It happened to me.***  At this point you must be wondering "why only 3 stars?"  This is where they lost the two stars that the food, drinks, patio atmosphere, prime people-watching location, etc would have warranted...The service.  It's God awful.  And I wish I were exaggerating, but unfortunately I'm not.  Let me make my few points to explain why:1.  Sat down and got water immediately, which was key because it was damn near 90 degrees and we were directly under the sun.  THEN we proceeded to wait between 5-10 minutes for someone to even walk by.  A food runner passed by quickly dropping some guac at our table (mind you, we have not ordered yet as there has been no server to even greet us).  She ran away before we could even tell her it wasn't ours.  2.  Server finally came.  We explain about the guac, which she immediately grabs and walks away.  How about "let me take your drink order at least so I can grab those for you on my way back in?"  Nope.  She was out.  3.  15 minutes have now passed since we sat down.  Server is back and we proceed to order guac and a pitcher.  2 minutes later, two single margaritas are dropped at our table.  Again, runner speeds away before we can explain they are NOT ours because we are waiting on a pitcher.  I proceed to grab the next employee who walks by to explain the situation.  4.  When we were ready for tacos, we literally had to flag our server down just to place an order.  You would think - the bigger our tab, the bigger her tip... why wouldn't she want to take our order???5.  We didn't see our server again until she came by, this time wanting to be friendly and chatty, only to end the conversation by telling us her shift ended in a few minutes to she needed to close up with us.  Fine by me.  We decide to wait until the new (hopefully more attentive) server comes to order more drinks.6.  New server floats around the patio and doesn't even LOOK at our table.  Finally we have to stop her as she's walking by for maybe the 10th time to tell her we want to order.  Every time we need something after that, WE have to make the effort to get her to come to our table.Bottom line, it shouldn't be THAT much work to give a restaurant your business.  Those servers should be checking in on their tables with the obligatory "is everything ok over here?" or "can I get you anything else?"  Not at Big Star apparently.  The customers have to do the work in order to get service at all.  What's with the feeling of entitlement?  As if I should feel honored to be dining there or something.  That's no bueno.  Of course, I will be back because the food and margaritas are THAT good.  I can disregard the intolerable lack of service which is a piss-poor effort at best, because depriving myself of the deliciousness they provide is not a life I want to live.  Maybe some day I will go back and have incredible service and my mind will be changed.  But as a first experience, they're lucky they won me over with the food.  I know people who would never go back, regardless of how good the food was, simply based on the sole fact that the service was lacking (and that's a total understatement).  All negatives aside... GO GET SOME TACOS!!!!  Don't base your decision on whether or not to go because I had ONE bad service experience.  Granted it was 7 hours of terrible service, but hey.  Maybe it was just a bad day for both servers we had.  The tacos are good, the drinks are strong & tasty which is a perfect combination in my book, and the patio is to die for.Consistently goodopen till 2:00 AMhuman-sized tacosThe experience begins before you even enter the space with the unmistakable smell of homemade tortillas wafting through the air, beckoning Wicker Park locals and non-locals alike into the square, one story landmark that is Big Star.  Upon entering Big Star you are greeted by a smiling bouncer and an array of small metal tables with mustard yellow chairs.  Just past the entrance the room opens up to a large, rectangular, lacquered, wooden bar and several large wooden booths. Floor to ceiling windows at the front of the restaurant (conveniently removable during the summer) let in bountiful amounts of natural light. The decorations are minimal: a single string of Christmas lights line one wall, Big Star t-shirts hang on another while a large light up "tacos" sign adorns the back wall.  In the middle of the bar atop an island lives an impressive collection of single-barrel Bourbons and Whiskeys as well as a wide variety of Tequilas and Mezcals (A different $3 Whiskey shot is offered every day of the week).  Six draught beer taps adorn the front of the bar, offering tasty craft selections. The vibe is very "Wicker Park" with a California-low-key-hipster-badass feel. Once I walk in, I choose an empty seat at the bar.  For a Monday afternoon in the middle of February, Big Star is not lacking in attendance; the majority of the seats in the restaurant are occupied.  I am greeted by a badass lady bar tender who was very attentive and nice but not at all overbearing. I am immediately given a glass of water, a one-page menu describing the Mexican-street-food inspired delicacies, and a leather-bound menu containing beverage choices for those of the ripe age of 21 and older.I wasn't going to let the fact that it was a Monday afternoon stop me from tasting a Big Star Margarita, which seemed to be a favorite as I looked around.  The margarita is served in a lowball glass and is shaken to perfection.  It is more tart than sweet but is still refreshing with the lingering taste of Lunazul Blanco Tequila.  Don't be fooled by the small size of this classic beverage because it packs a pretty big punch.To help curb my hunger as I perused the menu I enjoyed an order of fresh tortilla chips, guacamole, and salsa.  The house-made tortilla chips are served warm and were not over-salted, which I admire in a chip.  The guacamole is simple and fresh, as guacamole ought to be.  I must note, however, that while the guacamole is good, it doesn't merit the lofty $8 price tag.  The spicy salsa verde and the smoky salsa roja, both homemade at Big Star, are delectable and unique in flavor.  Now, on to the really good stuff. Seeing that Big Star is known for its tacos, I decided to try three of the five that are offered.  The Taco de Pescado delivers exactly what one would want from a fish taco.  The tilapia is impeccably fried with an irresistible beer-battered crispness while the chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro and lime tie everything together and simultaneously give you the creaminess, crunchiness and freshness of the perfect fish taco.  Then there is the Taco de Pollo which contains roasted chicken thigh tossed in a spicy, salsa negra.  The chicken and salsa sit atop a generous spread of black bean crema which offers the taste buds some relief from the spiciness of the salsa.  This lovely creation is finished off with crumbly cotija cheese, crispy fried onions and cilantro. The Taco de Panza is easily my favorite: a freshly made tortilla envelopes crispy bites of braised pork belly smothered in a heavenly tomato guajillo sauce and topped with queso fresco, cilantro and onion.  The slight crunch of the pork belly mixed with the lightly smoky, almost fruity, sweet heat of the tomato guajillo sauce is beyond moan-worthy. I would gladly eat ten of these, but that might be unsafe considering the food coma that was induced just minutes after finishing my meal.Overall, I would give Big Star a 9.5 out of 10 (-.5 for over priced guacamole!).  The restaurant is clean, the wait staff knowledgeable and friendly, the drink options potent and varied, and the food is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  For me, Big Star knocks other taco joints out of the ball park not only because of the amazing flavors the food delivers but because this place is just genuinely welcoming and makes you feel good.  I will definitely be back to try the Sonoran Hot Dog and the Queso Fundido along with another Taco de Panza or two.Ok, so after hearing rave reviews, I went here last night with a hungry stomach, a thirst for whiskey, and a lot of cash in my wallet, ready to spend. However, at the door, when presenting my ID to the African American bouncer (w/ glasses and a suit), I was treated more rudely than any establishment I've ever been to in Chicago. I'm in my mid-twenties, and believe me, I don't look under 21, but the bouncer looked at my ID and with an obvious attitude, started rudely asking me questions for literally 10 minutes. He flat out denied me entrance, even though it's obviously me in the picture, a legit legal ID, and I have credit cards and a social security card with my name on it. He even had me sign a piece of paper to verify my signature on the ID, along with a lot of other vague random questions. Finally, I got him to hand it to another employee who looked at it for 2 seconds, and they were like "of course this is you". I would've spent a lot of money there, but due to being rudely treated like an underage child at the door, I took my business elsewhere.I did nothing to spark this behavior, and I hope the management of this place reads up on these reviews and corrects the situation, so this no longer happens in the future. I understand trying to keep kids out of your place, but this is ridiculous. You lost a real customer last night.Food is great but the wait is ridiculous. They should really start a time limit on busy nights. Not really worth the wait anymore, Especially since the people in front are kind of assholish.The food is amazing!!!!!  Fun atmosphere, outside seating and great service.  Highly recommend!  Just a note, that they only accept cash.Despite the noise, the hype, and the hipsters, The wifey and I are totally smitten. After a beer, a $3 shot of whiskey, and splitting a Sonoran hot dog, we were all a-glow. Upon single-handidly polishing off a "taco flight,"  I had a full belly and big stars in my eyes. Solid, good, fresh, and tasty food - all at a great price. Kudos!Great food!  Unfortunately the wait can be a serious downer, and the overly crowded bar stinks but if you can wait it out, the food is absolutely delicious.  We had the queso and the fish tacos and they really good.  Also, their house margaritas are delicious!  Price is a little much for the small portions but all in all, great place to grab a bite.Coming from the west coast, I have pretty high standards for tacos.  The tacos that I had at Big Star was actually pretty good.  They have a limited menu of what I would call "fancy" tacos with quite a mix of ingredients with the meat. I had the special goat taco, the pork belly one and the chicken taco.  The pork belly and the chicken tacos were ok, nothing spectacular but I was pleasantly surprised by their special goat taco.  The goat was nicely done, juicy enough and with a nice spicy hint to it.  I would recommend them to move it to the regular menu.  I also had a class margarita which was decent but nothing special.  Overall, a casual and bustling place for a quick bite and some drinks with friends.  A bit pricy for tacos but we are in Chicago after all.I like this place, but to begin, the door girl just has to be mentioned. She is so rude and treats you like you are totally stupid.  We arrived there and were told we had to wait to put our name in.  We wanted to go to the bar and have a drink, but we had to wait for her to call a million people on her cell phone instead of just jotting our names down real quick. I dont have much patience for this type of behavior as I work in the food industry, have my whole life, and never learned that an attitude such as her's is acceptable.  She doesn't listen to you when you answer her questions in which she is basically telling you to leave and not come back.  All I know is that i I were the owner of Big Star, I would never want my door girl to act like such a pretentious brat like she does.  Other than that, the place is great.  I can't stress enough how rude this girl is/was.  And the time I went there before tonight, too.Don't get me wrong.  The tacos at this place are good.  But that's about as far as it goes.  The service just flat out SUCKS.  We've gone there probably a dozen times, on all different days, at all different times, and every time we kept hoping things would be different.  But after waiting for a half hour to get a can of warm beer, or waiting for a half an hour to get our waitress to come over so we could get our bill and leave, (we ended up just estimating how much our bill was by looking at the menu and leaving it with another waitress because we were so exasperated) we decided we had to just leave Big Star to the faux plaid hipsters that frequent it.   After a while, we just had to give up on hoping their service would improve and realize that we were the fools if we continued our behavior hoping for a new outcome!!  Good luck if you choose to go there and fight through the throngs of pretend cool kids and brave the inattentive wait staff and bartenders... or make the wiser choice and walk up to the window on the other side, take your tacos to the park, and serve yourself.I always see this place so packed so I thought I'd give it a try with a date last week.  Bad idea.  Despite me sitting at the bar, I had to give my driver's license to the bar to start a tab.  They kept referring to me by my full name which was really awkward and not personal at all.  The food was ok?  I had an al pastor and a couple of fish tacos (which were way over priced for how small the servings were).  I also split a plate of chips and guac with my date (the guac was mediocre).  She ordered the hot dog which she raved about.  The service was bad, the servings were small, and the price wasn't cheap.  Plus the orchatas we ordered were extremely chalky, I will not be eating at Big Star again, despite the hundreds of hipsters that wait around it.GF & veg eaters: be sure to talk to your server about your options. They are there, but hidden. The food is very flavorful & decently priced. Also, be prepared to wait for a table as this place seems to always be busy. Our service was quite good, but sometimes slow (probably due to the large number if people there). There was some confusion eight the server & busboy about the check, as he took our check with cash, but we ended up getting chased down by the server to make sure we paid. Overall, I really enjoyed this place & the food is worth the wait.Always a favorite.  Whiskey and cheap tacos. I don't like that they stopped playing as much honky tonk music. Seems like the staff took over. Other than that great place especially on a Sunday night late when the hipsters are not as plentiful.why is the wait so freakin long? put some tomatoes in your guac, man! i'm not a big fan of the pineapple in the al pastor taco. i've had better tacos from the side of a truck in columbus, oh.you should prob go on an off night because other wise youll be waiting and aint that a bitch.i think beer is reasonably priced. and tacos are good. i like their fish tacos.i also like the vibe there. you get a mixed crowd, very interesting sometimes. sat afternoons draw families though...my roommate says margs got him shitfaced. so i assume they are good. i always forget its cash only though.Great Sonoran hotdog (think I spelled that wrong :) ). Delicious. The fish tacos looked good ,but I'm not a fan of fried fish tacos, if it was grilled, now thats another story. Good service, great food, inexpensive, BUT, I felt the place was a tad bit LOUD. My co-workers and I came here on a Wed., around 6 and it was LOUD, like it was a late Fri. Or Sat. Evening. Overall, I had fun and will be backI enjoyed a recent visit to Big Star on a Wednesday night around 7pm.  Our party of two was seated immediately and started off with an order of four tacos and some queso fundido.  The waiter answered some questions about the menu and he let us know which food would come out first (tacos) in case we wanted to change the way he put the order in.  We enjoyed all the tacos we ordered (pastor, pollo, panza, papas).  At about $3 each, I think the tacos were a deal because they all contained well seasoned ingredients sometimes with an interesting spin (pineapple on the pastor, black bean crema on the pollo).  The queso fundido was very tasty...but I did wish it had just a little more chorizo in there.  We each ordered two more tacos since they were so tasty and then we were pretty stuffed.  If you know what you're getting yourself into with Big Star (very long weekend waits, $3 tacos), and it still sounds like a good restaurant to you...I think you will enjoy their tacos, drinks, and relaxed atmosphere.Based entirely on late night food joints I thought Big Star was a perfectly acceptable option.  I thought the tacos were tasty - then again I would have drooled over spaghettios at that point in t the night.This place has great Tecate based drinks and delicious tacos.  Get there early or you won't get a table in the summer time.Great spot for dinning al  as there is a large outdoor seating area in front of the restaurant. I can't seem to come here without getting at least one pork belly taco; I do recommend trying to get through as many items on the menu as possible. An unexpected, quality, well priced cocktail menu.I have now dined inside Big Star and found the experience to be great. The tacos are still fresh off the grill and come out really quick. I sat at the bar and the bartenders are quick to make your drink. Big Star gets mega bonus points with me because they make micheladas and make them really well. I am a huge sucker for the limey-spicy-beery deliciousness that is a good michelada. The music is really good country (not top 40 nonsense) and is played off a very nice vinyl setup. The drinks and tacos are very fairly priced for their quality, if not somewhat under-priced. It can be hard to get a seat here so get here early or be prepared to wait. Also no credit cards so bring CA$H unless you want to be hit up with ATM fees at their in house ATM.disclaimer: i've been spoiled by LA tacos.tacos al pastor: marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, cilantrotaco de panza: crispy, braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro.trendy, hipster space in the ultra hip wicker parkthe area isn't too bigparty of 3, friday night at 8pmequated to a 2 hour wait.mmm don't have that kind of time.opted for the take out windowsat outside on the communal tableseven on a 50 degree nightbc heck, we were hungry.meat was flavorful but nothing memorable.the handmade tortilla was a nice touch.red sauce was red with a touch of spiciness.didn't even bother with the green sauce.decent for chicago's selection.probably wouldn't go back for the tacos.considering their prices,i don't know how they manage to pack housewith a cash-only policy.One of my favorite places in Chicago. The bar has a lively ambience and it attracts an interesting mix of people.Bar:  Good margaritas. Try the Tecate and Salsa drink.Restaurant: Panza and pastor tacos are pretty good. The fish tacos are delicious.There will be a long wait for a table, any day of the week, at practically any time.i take back what i said before.yes, i once had a not-so-great pot of cheese.  yes, during a single dining experience, i once saw too many men in jean cut-offs.  but about 4-5 times a week, i walk past big star on my way to a yoga class, to the train station, to work -- and i HALT and SNIFF THE AIR and think to myself I WANT THAT.thank you, big star.  you make the neighborhood of wicker park aromatically pleasing.  thank you twice -- your convenient location makes it so i can eat tacos while waiting in line to get into violet hour.  thank you for the tacos al pastor and the guac and the to-go window.  thank you for making me consider asking for 21 tacos.  i know it's a dollar per taco than i'd ideally like to spend.  i also know it may not be bona fide mexican fare -- and don't care!  the heart wants what it wants, and this heart listens to her nose.big star, i'll smell ya later.Being from Kentucky, anywhere that offers three-dollar whiskey shot specials is somewhere you can find me. Tacos = amazing. Whiskey selection = amazing. Packed, crowded, noisy, yes. But totally worth it. Get over getting mad about a wait, because once you have a few shots and fish tacos you'll forget anyway.It was a Monday night on my first week in Wicker Park and I wanted to go to a Country Western Bar with my friend from Houston. The landlord recommended Big Star, which was only a 2 block walk from my house, sounds good. Walking in I instantly realized that this was definitely not a country bar, there were way too many flannel t-shirts and ironic mustaches, but they had Lonestar and Shiner, so Houston was happy. Even though it was a Monday, the place was packed! It was about 30 minutes to get a table, not bad considering how crowded it was. The waiter was super friendly and nice, we got chips and guac and some tacos, which were delicious but expensive. Big Star is a great place to come and hang out on the patio during the summerGroup of 5 went on a week day around 1:30.  I don't understand what people's complaint is about the service...yea it sucks but the margaritas are strong enough to allow you to not give a crap about where your server is until you need another pitcher. I only had 2 tacos. Both were amazing. I'm definitely going back to try other tacos and enjoy the delicious margarita pitchers.Almost 1,400 reviews for Big Star now and I can't say anything new about this place that many others haven't already said so I will just say that if you like tacos, beer or whisky and you haven't been here yet - then you need to get your hipster (or not) behind to Big Star pronto, amigo.*** Only let down is that it is cash only - there is a PNC bank across the street though so its only a mild annoyance.Alright fine they're really good. Shut up.When I saw a packed patio on a 40 degree day with people shivering while eating tacos, I figured it must be good.   After waiting 20 minutes and watching a guys nose drip into his food, I could not take any more and we opted for take out.   The pork belly tacos are delish as were the al pastor.   The limeade was amazing.    The salsas made everything taste 10x better.   Watching the humongous margaritas and queso fundido come out I swore we would come back, just on a much warmer day!Went on a Friday night ~8pm and the place was totally packed.  Mr. Kahan (of Blackbird and Avec fame) has gone grungy with his latest venture, set in a converted mechanic's garage.  Started at the bar before squeezing our group of 8 into one of the spot's few tables meant for more 6 - it was cozy.  Ordered the entire menu (8 in total) x 2 .  The fish and al pastor tacos were great (and cheap!) but the queso fundido and salad were disappointing.   Would definitely go back for some of the food and the bar casual vibe.   Good for groups.ahhh big star! soo good.  there are so many things i love about this place. their tacos are awesome, the chips and guacamole are great, they have killer margartias, all for a pretty reasonable price.  i highly recommend the pork belly tacos...they are so tender..just delicious!only thing that i would complain about would be that they are cash only...BUT they do have an atm inside...so i guess it makes it okayand there is the whole parking issue, but you are right by wicker park where a bunch of bars are so thats kinda expected...get there early though...you want to miss the huge line that usually forms when you are waiting for a table...and make sure you have your whole party with you..they don't seat you at a booth unless everyone is there...all an all awesome place...loove it.I know a good michelada and this one was pretty grossOK, see, here's where being a snob works against me. I'll admit, the high hipster quotient and the Wicker Park ground zero location kept me and my snotty self from trying Big Star for... well, for too long. Ironic tattoos, clumpy facial hair, chain wallets, oversized sunglasses... it all worked against this place for me. Luckily, one day my wife and I were driving by so she double parked while I ordered a bag of tacos and a pina Jarritos to share. HOLY PORK! We had both kinds of pork tacos, the sweeter fixings kind (pineapple, etc) and the bit more spicier kind. THEY WERE DELICIOUS! They really were. Were they 'authentic'? I dunno. Why should I care. They were freaking delicious.... small but delicious. I mean, I could eat a dozen in a sitting... that's how small they were... but crap, they were good!Must do in Chicago. I'm proof it's not just for locals. Great service and fun crowd whether we pop in for drinks or entire late night dining session.Great tacos, speedy service, and a cool crowd. Right off the L!  Try the Michellata!Hipster paradise directly across the street from Violet Hour. No bad night ever ended with tacos.Amazing taco's and great bourbon list.  The staff is great too.Big Star.  More like Big flavor.  Okay I know that was lame but this place is fantastic.  I went there for the first time the night it opened up (I live right around the corner), and it was packed.  This place is right up my alley, non pretentious and cheap beers.  To top it off its a whiskey and tequila place as well.They have a small but good selection of beers but a wide variety of whiskeys and tequilas to choose from.  Not a huge tequila guy but I have been told its good.  The whiskey selection on the other hand is great.  They have your stand Makers and Woodford, cool, but they carry a great selection of small batch whiskeys to choose from.  I go back often for a small taste from the more obscure whiskeys.The staff here is really nice.  I have not had one problem yet and hope not too!The food.  This is why I keep going back to this place.  So guacamole is guacamole right?  Not at this place.  They just do something different to it.  For one they put radishes in it and its so good that way.  But the tacos... The tacos are so taste.  I have actually had bad pork belly in the city (really, how do restaurants mess up pork belly) but the pork belly taco here is hands down the best taco in the city.  Lamb tacos with an au ju sauce to accompany... ridiculous.  Sadly they no longer carry the goat taco but it was awesome.  So the tacos are great, but they have so many other good items here that you would think just aren't, like beans!So to wrap it up, good beer, great whiskey, amazing tacos and all around great upscale mexican style bar food.  Definitely worth anyone's time to go here (get there early though, they pack them in quick)When my bf and I first discovered Big Star, we basically ordered one of everything on the menu, including drinks too.  Thought the atmosphere was great, (especially during the summer), loved the daily whiskey specials, friendly staff, and the fact that it was OPEN LATE.  The bf works at a restaurant, so needless to say, we're both very late night eaters.  This is mainly why we went so often, because there aren't too many places that can serve decent food really late night anymore.  So.. we told our friends, who told their friends, and so on.  It soon became a weekly "hot spot" for us, where we'd bring friends from out of town or go there at least once or twice a week before grabbing a cocktail at the Violet Hour across the street.  After trying everything on the menu, the tostada de pescado, (which gets pretty messy) is still my favorite.  Next is the al pastor taco, and then the braised lamb taco (which I don't think is on the menu anymore).  The food isn't to die for or anything, but everything else about this place just about goes together pretty perfectly.  And $3 for a taco is quite expensive if you think about it, but given the laid back atmosphere and the fact that it closes at 2am... I can't complain.. besides the parking and the fact that I wish it was open even later!Props to Paul Kahan!  He's done it yet again!One of those sad stories of a great place that got a big head.  Haven't been by in 5 months.  Stopped by yesterday.  Place was dead at 7pm.  Food was over salted and luke warm.  Service was miserable.  Don't waste your time.I usually make it by Big Star at the end of a bike ride and grab some tacos at the to-go window, but I occasionally drop by the bar at night for some tacos and margaritas. The tacos are great and I usually get a pastor, a panza and a pescado.And these guys make one of the best margaritas in the city (The Big Star) and it's reasonably priced. And as if that wasn't good enough, the bartenders are awesome! They get pretty busy there so on a Friday or Saturday night it may take a little while to put in a drink order, but once you're on these guys radar they're awesome and always make sure you have what you need.And the bar-backs are always on top of things. The second your plate in empty they take it away.Great music with an awesome sound set-up as well.holy michelada! go go go! this place quickly became a rival to another of my faves, kuma's corner. the guac was extra fresh, the fish taco was fantastic and the bite of queso fundido i snuck from the bf was excelente! wash it all down with a must-have michelada (tecate beer, lime juice, salsa) and a $1 schlitz (on tap!) and jump-start a super sunday funday!I have been to Big Star so, many times since they opened. It's the perfect place to go for a stiff drink and a couple of tacos during the weekday.  Another plus is that they are open late. The one negative is that is it way to noisy and on the weekends it is super duper crowded. I also think it would be nice if they had a bigger taco menu. I feel they need at least a steak and a chicken taco(with all white meat). I usually get the fish, pork, and pork belly taco and a bowl of bean soup. Yum, yum!I went to Big Star with a good amount of hype. And high expectations are never a good thing; unless, of course, it is met or exceeded (which is sadly rare)... I wasn't a big fan of this taco joint. Was it good? Pretty. Was it worth it? Maybe. Now, the very reason I give it a three-star, while most others prefer to associate the restaurant with four-star, is because I like the simple taco. You know, meat, onions, cilantro, lime... all the simple stuff.I had the Tacos Al Pastor and the Tacos De Pescado. And my, did the tacos sound delicious on the menu. Unfortunately, the grilled pineapples on the tacos didn't seem to attract my taste buds so much. It was too sweet and fruity for my liking. Also, the chipotle mayo on the fish tacos overwhelmed me. Although they were pretty tasty, it wasn't what I hoped for. Nor did Big Taco become my go-to joint for some hip way to eat Mexican food. I write all this because my review wouldn't be helpful to the reader unless he or she understands the reasoning behind my three-star. If you are a food junkie for grilled fruit and heavy sauces, such as chipotle mayo, than I won't be surprised you falling head over heels for such a place. But for me, Big Star didn't fit the standards of my perfect taco. So here I am, giving it a mere A-OK. On the other hand, the beer-battered fish was cooked superbly! And the atmosphere is very hip, unorthodox. Perfect place for late-night groups to hang, eat, and drink. So if you're ever in the area, I hope you get the chance to try it. Ultimately, it's your preference that'll determine whether it's a three-star or four (from an objective standpoint, I don't think this deserves a five-star... not even close).This place is all about location and ambience. Two things which it lives up to. That said, the food and service is always meh, there are way better tacos elsewhere in the city. They're really cocky about the fact that they're a cash only bar; I have no idea why inconveniencing your customers would be a source of pride for a place, but it's really a turn-off. A place that does this much business shouldn't be making people go to an ATM when they first walk in. Oh and it's also hipster hell.What happened to this place? Their tacos were the best ever 2 years ago, but I went today and it wasn't as good. Al pastor and the pork belly were both dry, the pineapple was soggy and not how I remember it.Great Tacos. Service was shoddy, the hipster density was much too high, but the tacos, Guacamole, and Horchata were DeliciousMost ridiculous dining experience I've had in recent history. The only reason I'm even giving two stars is because of the delicious margaritas. Other than that, worst service imaginable. I work in he service industry. I get what happens at busy restaurants. We had a table of seven that had to wait over 2 hours on a Wednesday night! And the tables we should have gotten were given to smaller parties that easily could have sat at the EMPTY four tops. But as the hostess said, "they didn't want to sit there," leaving an open table and our party to wait even longer. When we sat down the waitress took our order and proceeded to incorrectly deliver three peoples food and not come back to correct it until ten minutes later when we flagged down a bus boy. the food is decent for the price, but based on how heinous the experience was I would never go back nor recommend it to anyone who doesn't feel like wasting an evening.I stopped in on a full stomach so my opinion may be slightly biased. I managed to stuff a taco de panza down my throat. I thought the taco was ehh, the sauces ehh but the vibe was cool. The flavors were a bit too dulled down.  But again, it definitely looked like a cool place to hang.Tacos here are great, I always order on the right hand side to avoid the wait.  You can eat outside or take it to go.Since they don't do steak tacos. I took a star off because that's my specialty. So I ordered their pork belly tacos and they were absolutely off the frigging chain. The pork was oh so tender and flavorful. My mom loved the beer battered tilapia tacos. Oh and can't forget the housemade chips and salsa. Great service.If I could give this place 3.5 stars, I would, because I wouldn't necessarily categorize myself as a "fan."  Perhaps a "fan of convenience" but not a "fan" of Big Star.This place has the right idea - big patio, cheap food, right off the Damen stop.  It's convenient as hell.  If you aren't able to snag a table, walk around the fence and just order yourself the same damn thing from the window, minus adult drinks.  There's no doubt I'll be back because I like cheap and convenient things.Last night we put our name in for 2 people and the wait was an hour and a half.  One good thing is that they'll take your phone number so you can gallivant around the neighborhood while you wait to be seated.  We had drinks at Trencherman and moseyed back to find that there were 9 couples ahead of us.  We loitered at the bar and were able to snag two seats in less than 5 minutes - it was already 9:30 so the bar wasn't as crowded as it was earlier.  Our chips and guac (yummers!) had just arrived when I got the call that there was an open table outside.  The hostess was supersweet and helped us shift our tab and order to the outdoors.  We ordered four tacos - I had the pescado and pastor.  The meat in the pastor was dry but the idea was right with the pineapples.  I always order the pescado because I'm convinced it's the healthiest option even though it's fried.  It was fine.  With one drink a piece, the bill was $34.  Cash only!I'm definitely a big fan as it's hard to go wrong with a bar that doesn't try to do too much and gets it right. The drink selection is impressive while the food is easy to find a few things quickly. Next thing you know you've got a plate of tacos in front of you. The pork belly was my favorite, followed by the pastor. The goat was decent, but I probably wouldn't get it again...i read about big star taqueria in new york times a couple of weeks ago. being a fan of chef paul kahan and his partners, since then, i have already been to this place three times.the food composed of small portion (the salad is huge though) is delicious, unpretentious, and in small (adequate) portions. the music and ambiance fun. they play vinyl, have a nice tube amp. etc. lots of attention to details...and of course a great bar at the restaurant, and a better bar across the street (violet hour).moving to chicago from san francisco where you find lots of "authentic" taquerias, i find the big star much better.Went here on my birthday Saturday night while waiting for Violet Hour.  Door policy a bit annoying but I'm from NY so it takes a lot to bother me.  AMAZING queso fundido.  Really good guac.  Good beer selection, cute crowd.  No cards is annoying.The food is reasonably priced and excellent.  I had an assortment of items with my brother.  This place would warrant a 5 star rating if not for all the standing around to wedge into a spot at the bar and the poor acoustics.  Definitely worth a trip!As an 80's aficionado of pre-Garth Brooks/Chris Gaines music, there is nuance in the joke I'd hear south of the Mason Dixon (and in "The Blues Brothers"): when it came to different types of music. "Oh, we got both kinds. Country AND Western." It's really funny, especially if you can't tell the difference. The important thing is to tune you ear to know what you're listening to hear, the same way you'd adjust your palette for the type of food and service you can expect at different restaurants. Big Star isn't Frontera Grill or even Xoco. Sorry, gringos. "Yo quiero Taco Bell?" I doubt that wouldn't rise to better than average, but you'd have more to complain about. At Pepsi's answer to Mexican food, I doubt you'd take in a sublime view of what it means to want-to-be "hip" in the Midwest. You know what the Midwest is, "Young and Restless." The stumbling tattooed drunkenness, the tap, tap, tap of trixies in their too-high heels impatiently waiting a (delicious) limeade or horchata and the frantic & impromptu races of parents chasing 3-year-olds through a maze of parked Harleys was better than most shows on basic cable. Then there's the music: Western. California country via Joad Territory, Oklahoma, Texas, twangy cowboy music that The Eagles later watered down & coked up to sell for $150 a ticket. Speaking of "the fucking Eagles," no doubt, this is where The Dude would get his tacos in Chicago. And at $2 to $3 each, he might not have to break out his Ralph's card. The al pastor & the lamb tacos were delicious. In fact I devoured everything I got. Next time, I'm getting the guacamole and chips. Yes. There will be a next time. Big Star is what is says it is. No pretense. That's what it's customers are for. :)This is one of  "The See and Be Seen" Places in Chicago right now!! Old Pontiac space/packed at all times of day and night-usually a LONG wait to get a table outside. Drinks were all made quite well-had a couple of  very good margaritas! They also have a pretty good selection of bourbon as well as as "Special Shot" for each night of the week. We went on a Friday Night and it was "Old Forester", kinda obscure but I like that. They have a nice cocktail list/beer list as well. On to the food--unfortunately got pretty buzzed before we could order any grub but everything was Awesome and CHEAP!? I think every taco is like $3 which helps. The crowd tends to be on the younger side and the service is just fine. Tip- just bypass the Hostess and go straight to the bar, once you get a bartender to work with you're all set!!GTFJDBeen here twice and both times I liked it, but there's the infamous wait. Never the less, Big star's  tacos are hot fire. The pastor and pollo are my favorite. The queso fundido was out of sight. The guac also very good. The margarita pitcher was strong and not packed with ice. i.e. it was a good deal and got us nice and buzzed. Three people came, threw down, and left stuffed and satisfied. Plus, the atmosphere on a nice night is hard to beat.  As for the service, the door guy / host hooked up a quick table up after a mishap with the name list, and the bartender smiled at me at least, so I think the service is solid. Going back, no doubt about it.I think I had one shot here? but the most memorable thing was the Tacos! $2 for one. I ordered one but that wasn't enough. Al Pastor was amazing, the pineapple hit the spot. The orders came out fast but the kitchen does close so you have to order outside. Felt a little like I was out west but it was chill. Nothing fancyI am conflicted about this place.  Given that I grew up in Texas, I was not sure if I should be offended that my childhood lifestyle makes for a theme or concept.  On the other hand that pork belly taco was delicious.  What is a self-loathing native Texan to do?  The margaritas were sufficiently satisfying (nothing to call back home about).  The place was packed and had a good crowd on a Friday night.Queso fundido + tacos = a good lunch.Yeah, duh, this place is awesome. But, but, but: don't be stupid and try to go at dinner time. These are just tacos, and you shouldn't try to make a night out of eating tacos. Try them for lunch, or for an early dinner accompanied by some totally awesome whiskey before you and your thugs start rolling, creeping, posting, getting pissy on lickrah, or doing whatever it is that taco-eating thugs do in Wicker Park.This is my favorite Taquaria. i know its a Paul's food ,but its great. Guac is great Queso, fish tacos, pork everything has great flavors and rocks. Great Bourbons tequilas and beer. fun lively place!As a disclaimer, I have worked at a few Mexican restaurants but I am truly not being bias at all! I went here for lunch and there was a pretty long line so I figured it must be good if this many people are waiting!  So I went shopping for a while and came back.  Even though it was no longer busy our waitress still seemed in a hurry, but she was still super sweet.  On that note, the whole staff was nice.  Onto the food;  I truly was not impressed.  The Al Pastor was a weird kind of sweet, but, of course, this is my own preference.  To be honest I forgot what else I ordered and I wasn't told what everything was when it was brought to my table.  Overall, I probably won't go again since I live a distance away and didn't have a taco that I will later be craving.  Oh, and the tacos are well priced!No matter what time you get here it is pack, the first time I came here I was not impress since it is not a place for a big group and we got separated.  This time around, with 2 people it was easy to find a seat at the bar. And we order all the tacos to try. My favorite was the shrimp tacos and the pork belly.  My least favorite was the pineapple pork taco because it was so sweet. As soon as we order, the food came in like 5 minutes. Not sure if it was worth the wait but maybe I would order take out instead.the waits at this place are atrocious!!  we came at 7 pm on a sunday and didn't get seated until a little over an hour later.  could it be that good??we ordered a whole bunch of tacos to sample.  i liked the pastor, pork belly and corn (in that order).  the biggest turn off was the thin, crappy little tortillas they used.  clearly not handmade, and of a low store bought quality.  and they only give you one - authentic street style mexican tacos are usually served with two tortillas.  it's a shame, because it really detracts from the delicious fillings.  the guacamole had way too much lime in it, detracting from the flavor. in short, it's not bad, but i wouldn't wait again for it.  it's just really inexpensive and has an outdoor patio, which i think chicagoans appreciate a lot more than this southern californian (since they only get to utilize it a few months of the year).  there's better mexican food in chicago.Going to Big Star is really an experience. I love being in Wicker Park to begin with, even though I am far from a hipster, for the unique restaurants and people watching. Big Star is one of my favorites. We brought my brother here last weekend and had a great time, despite the rude service. The whiskey is awesome, the tacos are FANTASTIC (and super cheap) and I love the atmosphere, which feels like it came from an old western horror flick. Be ready to wait and fight for a seat at the bar, but in my eyes its totally worth it.LOVE the pork belly tacos, love love love, and the guac is delicious as well. Appreciate that it's open so late throughout the week. However, poor service, smallish portions, and a crazy loud (annoying) crowd. Would return for the food to go, or if in need of a place to hang out late at night.I think I only like this place during the summertime because nothing is better than a couple drinks and eating tacos and guac outside. :)  The tacos are nothing special -I've definitely had better.  Guac is good, but the last time I dined in the chips were stale.The food (huitlacoche taco!!) and drinks (the Paloma!) are excellent. But the service prevents it from getting that fourth star - nobody was rude to us but everything moves sluggishly. I'd suggest they learn from Hot Doug's: also crazy busy but they handle their space and customers politely AND efficiently.Yes there are still scenesters and hipsters, but honestly I'm just in love with the Micheleda!  It's so spicy and delicious, the tacos are a great accompaniment to the drink!  Oh, and the Queso Fundido is ah-mazing.Came here on a wednesday night and it was packed. Not a bad place for cheap drinks and nasty food, both of which in a good way. We had the tacos, about 3 of them each and drank $1 seven ounce beers with Micheladas to top it off. I regretting it the next day, as I had massive heart burn, but it was so damn good when I was having it. Living in California for so long, Mexican food anywhere else other than Mexico would have been hard to find and even harder to be compared to, but this place did a decent job.Do people in chicago ever work on Fridays!??...No wait, I am at BIG STAR...This place was jam packed on a Friday 1pm...The margaritas here are strong and really good. The food is excellent and the service is FAST. I would highly recommend this place and expect a wait especially if you want to sit outside. Definitely take advantage of the drinks and trying out all the options on the menuDefinitely seems a little overpriced, $3-4 for a small two-bite taco.  I do wish that I had tried the pork belly, but the fish was pretty good.  The chicken and beef were fair.  Service was pretty good, but cash only is a pain.I am a big fan of Big Star.  I always get the pork belly shoulder taco, pork belly taco and the fish taco which is my favorite!    They are worth the wait. This place seems to always be busy.  I have only picked up here but they have a huge outdoor setting area.I'm a big fan of Paul Kahan's ventures, and the tacos here certainly don't dissapoint.  Although the food is reasonably priced for what seems like good quality meat, the service is absolutely terrible.  It's a great place to grab a quick taco from the pickup window, but I'd advise against sitting down and expecting a high level of service.Phenomenal. I've only ever been there on a weeknight and the wait isn't usually too bad. Queso fundido dip is outstanding. I want some right now. The staff is so nice and the service is great. I can't wait until it's summer and I'm sipping a gumball head on their patio.i went here for a lunch date with friends. we ordered the chips and guac, which is delicious. if you dont like lime in your guac, then i suggest not to get it. I ordered one of the margarita drinks, a little too strong for my liking especially for lunch (nothing is frozen, all on the rocks). it is a pretty loud place so be prepared to yell if you want conversation. i ordered 3 fish tacos, one word. amazing. they were the perfect crisp and the flavors blended together so well. i like to put lime juice on them, and they are little stingy on the chipotle sauce but if you order extra, that is $2 for a bowl of it. but by far the BEST FISH TACOS I HAVE EVER HAD. also.,.. CASH ONLY!Handlebar mustaches, great tacos, hipsters, dangerous margaritas, throwback style ... you have found your way to Big Star.  We found our way here the other night and got in pretty quickly.  We had about two hours to kill and our server didn't rush us once throughout dinner.  I started off with a classic margarita made with jalapeno infused tequila.  Very yummy!  We then got the guacamole which came with tons of chips.  I make that point because at  most restaurants I have to ask for more chips.  We ordered the fish and both kinds of pork taco.  The fish was probably one of the better battered fish tacos I have had in the city and the pork was scrumptious.  I would recommend the place!Went back yesterday after having a taco craving and there was a large stage set up in the parking lot. I had my daughter with me and they first said it would be a 3 hour wait. I explained I tried to go into the bar and it's so packed I can't get through with my stroller. Then a magic table opened up and the hostess sat us right away. We are seated almost right away and learn Andre Williams was playing live. Not bad! From the days of seeing my friend play bass with Andre at "The Garage" in Hollywood, brought back memories of the taco stand across the street after his shows. I tried all 4 tacos this time and the Guacamole and chips. It was festive and rocking with lots of people. Thank you to the sweet hostess at the front. xoGina was great!  Best service! Had the best time, and the margaritas and guac were delish.Big Star is a mixed bag for me. Some days, the service and food are the greatest. Other times, it makes me want to take a molly to feel better. On a happier note, the cash register rocks because they only take cash and the mules are strong!Cheap, tasty tacos from Paul Kahan (Blackbird, Avec). Unique veggie taco options (potato, mushrooms with truffle oil), etc. I don't ever expect to get a table on the patio for drinks, I just swing by the outdoor "to go" window. The "20 taco limit" sign is cute. My friends and I always make fun of the chicken-flavored sucker that's included with to go orders.This is the probably the best tacos you can get without going to Pilsen. Not to mention the have amazing drinks! If I eat there (meaning we manage the hour long wait) I get the salad which is the most amazing thing I've ever tasted and a Paloma. If we take out (meaning we're walking home and I'm drunk) we get pork belly tacos and guac!We came here on a Saturday evening and the place was packed but we were able to squeeze into a standing place at the bar.  That was pretty much the only downside.  The drink list is really nice...if you are into bourbons and ryes.  Which is interesting considering they sell mexican fare.  I figured the tequila list would be much more extensive.  We got one of each taco and my favorite by far was the goat.  So tender and delicious.  The carne asada was quite delicious as well, and you can't go wrong with the pork belly taco.  The quac was very tasty and I like the radish in it which gives it a nice contrasting texture.  Overall, if you don't mind crowds and want cheap but really tasty eats come here.  Maybe next spring/summer they will have some outdoor seating which may open things up a bit.Pretty good beer selection, and not too bad on the prices.  The decor is kinda bland, not having anything on the walls. You order everything à la carte so order a couple of things at once.  I had the Pastor taco.  It was great.  Cant remember the other taco I had, it wasnt really worth writting home about.  They have margaritas in pictures for sharing with the whole table.  Ours was a little strong, but not too bad if you really like tequilla.Come here with 3 other people in the summertime, play eucher on the patio, have some Shiner Bock, eat minature tacos, and watch the parade of Wicker Parkians. Big Star is the closest thing resembling the Madison Union Terrace as you'll find in Chicago. Make sure to send a friend there early to grab a table for your group.Pork tacos and cheap beer.Super tasty authentic Mexican with a Chicago flare! I have never had a Mexican hot dog until this fantastic place! I was super pleased and the service for take out was fast! Huge patio and I believe full bar! trendy and fun I will love to come back to this place next time I'm in town.Best TACOs in the areaCame by on a sunny Sunday afternoon with a friend and lucky for us, a table had just opened up so there was no wait.  We each ordered one of each taco...Can't really remember what they were but I'm sure some other reviewers have detailed what's on offer.  I didn't feel that the food was extraordinary but it was good.  Maybe Tex-Mex just isn't my thing.  The horchata was served in plastic cups, mostly full of ice.  The service was incredibly slow, to the extent that I felt I was being ignored.  Probably a great place to bask in the sun with friends and not be bothered by the wait staff.  Bring cash and small bills so you can split the check easily.Big Star is a good day. I love the tacos, the beers are cheap, and they play good music. I've only been here for lunch so I can take in some sun at the same time.Hipster haters, relax! As cool as this place is, the service we enjoyed was far better than some reviewers suggest (and our waiter had just gotten out of root canal!). Food -- delicious, reasonably priced and carefully prepared. Drinks -- also delicious, strong and promptly served. Service -- as noted, friendly and attentive. Six of us ate well and drank well for $135 (20% tip incl).AWESOME pork belly tacos!!!! That's all I have to say.3.5 starsarriving hungry around 4pm, we opted to sit inside at the bar as opposed to the crowed outdoor area. for late afternoon on a weekday, the place was really bustling, and i would imagine that it is very difficult to secure seating in the evenings. there is, however, a take out window for ordering tacos on the go.for drinks i opted for the three floyd's gumball head, a wildly popular american wheat ale i tried for the first time a few months back at kuma's corner. while i still don't get all the hype, i do find the gumball head to be a very palatable beer. carrie went with the big star margarita, made with herradura plata, san luis mezcal, lime, and orange curacao.first up for food was a huge order of chips and guacamole that was easily big enough for 4 people. the chips, which i assume are house made, had that nice firm bite that i look for in a good tortilla chip. the guacamole was above average, but still a notch below rick bayless' offering at topolobampo.for tacos, we ordered 4 in total. the to photo shows the al pastor (spit-roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, cilantro) and the de panza (braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro), while the bottom photo is the de pescado (beer battered tilapia, chipotle mayo, cabbage, cilantro, lime). although only a few bites each, the two tacos that i tried (de panza and al pastor) were both excellent, with the al pastor being my favorite.overall, we enjoyed our time at big star. the drink selection is great and the tacos were excellent. with that being said, there is a wealth of other amazing dining options in chicago, and big star is not a place i would return to, or recommend someone go well out of their way to try. pics are in my blog.Margs are dangerous.  A table is key- must get there early.  Service is spotty- sometimes awesome, sometimes less than.This review is actually a three and a half. I really like how the place is an old garage with the majority of seating being outside. Big Star, is, however, swarming with a "mixture" of clientele, some of which are pleasant, and some of which fall into the "douche-bag" category. The tacos al pastor were pretty good, 3.5 out of 5 due to some of the pork being all dried up. The wait was over an hour for 2 on a Monday night. Just so you know, put your name in and be prepared to wait. You can order chips and guac at the bar to tide you over. The guac is awesome (except for the cilantro - I'm one of those people) and very sour, just how i like it. Don't take that the wrong way...The to-go window is so freakin' convenient. Used to live in the neighborhood and would far too often bike over around 10-11pm for tacos + horchata and call it my dinner, even if I'd already had dinner.Of their tacos, I'd say the pescado is nummiest. Panza and Al Pastor were my other go-to trims. I liken Big Star to Americanized Chinese Food, if Americanized Chinese food were delicious. It's far from the most authentic Mexican Food you'll ever eat, but it's super well done and will surprise you with their takes on classics. Pitchers of margaritas that are pretty good and v reasonable, price-wise. Short menu means going /all the time/ can get old - but it's a great place to take friends who are visiting Chicago and an unavoidable late night pit-stop when out in Wicker Park.Went on Tuesday, their 2nd day open.  Got there around 8:30p and it was pretty packed already.  Luckily we got seats at the bar. There were definitely some hiccups with their operation, it's understandable it was their 2nd day open, they probably didn't expect to be so busy.  But Pontiac's been closed for so long, and people love to try out new places.  Just be forewarned that it'll probably be even busier this weekend, thus expect long waits for food and drink.Drink - It took a long time to flag down a bartender to get our drinks.  And it's not a big bar.  We finally ordered a round, and everyone ordered 2 drinks b/c we didn't know when he'd come around again.  Finally after he took our orders, it took about another 10 min to get drinks.  And it wasn't like he was taking other orders, it just took him that long to make the darn things.  But when they finally arrived, they were pretty good.  There were only 3 bartenders there, even 1 other bartender would have been so much better.  And it was a Tuesday night!Food - Cheap!  and pretty tasty!  They were out of the al pastor tacos, boo.  I got 2 of the pork belly tacos, 1 order of chips & salsa and 1 horchata for the low low price of $10 before tip!  Pork belly was awesome, very soft, not too fatty, but they did need a dash of salt, which they didn't have at the bar and by the time I would have gotten salt, i would have finished my tacos.  It took a long time for the chips & salsa to come out.  But for $2 they give you a huge plate of chips and 3 big squirt bottles of salsa.  My fave was the chunky one, it tasted like pico de gallo, but put through a blender.  Next fave was the green one, it was slightly spicy.  Least fave was the dark red one, I think it had chipotle.  Horchata was just okay, too grainy for me.  But it was a huge cup.  My friend ordered the guacamole, they say they make it fresh, I guess that's why it took 15 min to come out.  It really needed a lot of salt.  Atmosphere - Lots of nicely dressed young people here.  There's a huge bar in the middle, if you're lucky, get a seat anywhere along the bar, just not by the kitchen window! It was the worst place to sit for obvious reasons - too much foot traffic.  The north (?) wall has big booths, the booths were really cool looking, but looked so uncomfortable!  Other than that, it's pretty bare bones in there, very grey and industrial looking.Big Star will definitely be a quick and cheap dinner spot for me in the future, since I only live 1.5 blocks away, but I'd never spend all night here, it's just too cramped.Yummy Tacos!  I thought I'd be disappointed when I heard there were no steak tacos, but damn that was some delicious pork  I could eat about a thousand more of those crispy pork belly tacos.  I've seen a lot of reviews about bad service, but I didn't have any problems.  Maybe they weren't as attentive as some places Ive been to, but that doesn't bother me.  I hate pesky waiters who bother you ever few minutes when I'm trying to eat or talk to friends. I never had an empty glass, and didn't have to wait long for anything I asked for.Have only had carry out from the window, so can't comment on the service but as for the tacos - I wish they'd use 2 tortillas instead of.. just one. Good flavors!Too crowded, and to much kids from Lincoln Park and Wrigley. Food is OK. Only pro is their great outdoor seating and their dog friendly attitude.Fabulous gourmet tacos for a good price. I found the service to be very good both times I went.I wish I could just rate the food... But I can't...  The service leaves much to be desired at this place.. inattentive to rude wait staff make this packed pub intolerable..  Like many have said, just pick up your food from the to-go menu... you will thank me later... Try the fish tostada :) my fave!ok...wow! what do I say???  This is a great great place.  I had walked by it a few times this summer (new to the area) and it was always busy.  I thought it was part of Sabor...was that on the building at some time??? Anyway, I saw that Todd English (whom I LOVE) was there Tuesday night, so I thought...ok, let's try it.  My husband was out of town so me and my 15 year old son set out for dinner...thank God an early one.  So funny I was carded at the door and was told that the booths were for 4 or more.  We sat at the bar (it was around 5:00ish).  Waiter was great!  Completely "honky tonk" but I liked it.  It was Johny Cashish or Patties Cliniesh.  The food was awesome!!! The atmosphere was as well.  Next time I will go with my husband, but my son enjoyed his food.Everyone talks about the pork belly tacos so we got a couple last night. Blegh. This is a poor excuse for a taco. I'd rather run for the border.Great fish tacos, stiff margaritas, good patio...but just not sure how I feel about how long the line-ups are to get into this joint and how crowded it can get...the take out line and tables were looking pretty good at one point even when I HAD a table on the patio to sit at.Love this place! The tacos are cheap and awesome...except we stopped at the order window and I ordered bean tacos.... They were green bean tacos!!! Weird and not so good. Every other taco on the menu is top notch as is their guacamole and sauces. I am not a fan of the margaritas but the beer selection is good. The atmosphere is really fun and the staff is very friendly and attentive. We will go in every time we walk by if there is not a line- which there normally is. But even when they are full it is not incredibly uncomfortable. They know how to do it. Oh I think it's cash only....there is a cash station there.Went here with a friend and her friend on a Monday night and it was crowded since most of the outdoor tables were out of commission due to the rain. It was a  20 minute wait for a table and there were no seats at the bar. The Taco de Huitlacoche was OK but $3 for a small taco is pricey! I guess I'm used to the $1 tacos I get at the various Mexican dives where I live. The Tacos de Panza was good but still pricey at $3! The horchata was too watery. I'm not sure why this place is so popular, but I think it may have to do with the affordable drinks. My friend got $1 Schlitz's!! FYI, they don't accept credit cards here which seems weird.The tacos are pretty tasty...the wait not so much.Came here first on a food tour. It's in an remodeled automotive shop, CASH only. There's an ATM in there, but come prepared. I don't really like the drinks I got off the drink menu. You have to wait a while if you want a booth and you won't get one unless you have a party over 4 people. Otherwise there's seating around the bar and against the wall. Tight squeeze when it gets packed.  Al Pastor is my FAV! I'll get like 3 of those! Marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, cilantro...pineapple sounds gross sometimes it goes really well with the roasted pork! AND Panza tacos are delish too! Good if you're on a taco kick!Finally I was able to eat here after trying numerous times this summer but just found 2 hour waits.  I guess going somewhere like that with 6-10 people everytime isn't the best idea.  The pork belly taco is fantastic, followed closely by the fish taco.  The taco salad is also great, the chipotle ranch dressing that it comes with is perfect.  The service left a lot to be desired, next time I need to eat here I'll just go to the take out window.  It's five star food with 3 star service.  Oh and I really think accepting cash only is unacceptable at this point, especially if you are rude about itComing from Texas, this is not the best taco I have ever had, but definitely the best I have had in Chicago. The pork shoulder and pork belly tacos are the best ones. Margaritas are nice and strong. Pitchers are a great idea for a party! I especially love coming here after a late night out and eating outside. (only when it is warm thought).DO NOT SHARE YOUR FISH TACO- its too freaking delicious to be NICE. $3 whisky shots- cash only. grab your taco inside or at the walk up window!I'm giving this place 5 stars for their Sonoran Hot Dog!  MY FAVORITE HOT DOG IN THE WORLD!!!!  Also, super fast service!I love Big Star! It reminds me so much of a funky, retro Mexican restaurant that you would find in Palm Springs or somewhere in LA.  Yes it can get a bit packed at times, but that is only because of how great it is. If you don't want to wait go around lunch time during the week. I love the outdoor patio, inexpensive tacos, and best of all... their micheladas! If you've never had a michelada before go to Big Star & order one... they're like the bloody mary of Mexican beer yummi'm going to have to try this place again.. but i was disappointedi had the pork belly and they just lacked in flavor and seemed to be overcooked...  the setup is a pain in the ass and they hold your license then you get your food then pay? odd... Booze selection is great!Big Star rocks. The drinks are delicious and the tacos are very tasty. They are a little expensive for tacos, but the ingredients are nicer than the usual taqueria offers. Also, the Queso Fundido was the best I've ever tasted. This place was pretty busy on a Friday, as I assumed it would be, but there was basically no wait to get in. Getting a table was an altogether different story. If you are in the mood for good music, good drinks, and good food, you cannot go wrong with Big Star.tried Big star for the first time last night (or was it this morning?? haha)the service at the pick up window was fast and friendlywe had the pork belly and al pastor tacos, both were yummy and the 2 salsas that came with were delicious as wellcan't wait to try the goat and peppers tacos next timeHere's what it is.  Went on a weekend night and as expected our party of four had a looong wait for a table, standing around yelling drink orders over people to the bartender.  But after a couple drinks, seats open up and once we started getting our food the wait wasn't such a big deal.  Tacos are on the small size (I ate ten -- but I was starving), not bad at $2-3.  The al pastor and pork belly tacos were awesome, guac was also solid.  Tastes a little fresher and fancier than your average taqueria.  And I really liked their beer + hot sauce combos.  I'd come back on a weekday.Stumbled onto this place that on first glance, looked like an old garage in Mexico City with shoe paint menu on the front windows. We were giddy to have walked in and discovered Big Star. The margaritas were the kind purists would love. FINALLY. The food, cheap, yummy and delightful. Great crowd. We arrived at 3:00 on Friday and the place quickly stuffed at about 5 and I could see the frustration on people's faces as they waited for a table. The decor was garage purisimo and the open air and handmade booths were nicely done. This place could go toe to toe with any joint in New York. We'll be back.Rating for food and drink, not so much the atmosphere (went on a Saturday night - what was I thinking?). Next time I'll just do the walk-up window or go on a weeknight.been here about 10 times and still so torn on how to rate it.if ratings were based purely on food, it would be 5 stars for sure. if ratings were based purely on atmosphere, again - 5 stars.if ratings were based on feeling welcome and valued as a patron, 2 stars? maybe?luckily for me, the food wins.don't expect to go here anytime from 6pm on and have a relaxing dinner. expect to have a long wait and probably stand, crammed with dozens of others, against one of the walls with a tiny counter to eat on. that being said, i really, truly, love the place. you just have to go into it knowing what to expect. the door man is going to make you feel like there's no possible way you're going to get a seat. and that they could care less if you do. the service once you're in is usually pretty nice. everyone is pleasant, but not necessarily fast. (there are many people waiting for service and not that many servers).if you're in a hurry, or really hungry, go someplace else. if you have no time constraints, are looking for a fun atmosphere with awesome music, just want to chill for a while with a hip crowd and eventually eat amazing, amazing tacos, this place is a must.the pork belly tacos - to die for. the fish tostada - ditto. although, you really can't go wrong with any of it. i know this seems like a kind of negative review, but i just wanted to be upfront with what you'll experience. it's really a great place and i want for everyone that goes there to enjoy it as much as i do. which is why i felt it necessary to point out some obstacles you will probably encounter. bottom line - go there and eat your face off. but don't expect to be pampered. p.s. its cash only.yes you have to wait for a while for your meal but isn't that a sign of good food? and if you're lucky like us and your friend's husband is willing to go pick it up for you the wait isn't an issue. Anyway, the tacos here are great. they aren't massive, but they are certainly fresh and packed with great flavor. i had the fish which was just great. they don't deep fry the fish which most fish tacos at other locations do. the pork and chicken is also amazing but i would say the fish is my favorite. (plus it comes w/o cheese so no problems if you have dairy allergies.)You know a place is amazing when you have one taco and can't wait to come back here for more. After a night of enjoying some spirits the late night munchies kicked in. I had been hearing good things about Big Star and convinced my group of friends to go here. What a great decision it was. On the way to Big Star my stomach realized I had been drinking for some time so my appetite went away, but I had to have at least one taco. I went with the pork belly taco and it was one of the best things I have eaten in a long time. I look forward to coming back here when I'm sober and can enjoy more of what they have to offer. The chicken shaped lollipop was also very nice.I may be can't give a full review since we didn't sit down in the service area, but I can say that the order at window area, is a quick and cheap way to go while still reaping the benefits of people watching while eating outdoors.  The tacos here were pretty good.  We both got the lamb tacos and plus the guac and chips.  Guac was delicious.  The lamb was good too.  Considering how many people were in front of us, I felt as though the service was slow.  I also did not appreciate how they charged me a dollar for a glass of water.  Nonetheless, I might be coming back here.  Who doesn't love cheap tacos anyway?I've heard a lot of good things about this place so I'm glad I finally got to check it out.  The food was great!  Had some guac & a couple of the Tacos De Borrego (marinated, braised lamb shoulder with radish, roasted scallions and queso fresco).  Despite being really tasty, the tacos were kinda small so next time around I'd probably end up gettin 4-5 of them and probably trying one of each on the menu like my friend did.  Also, tried the Michelada which is pretty much beer & hot sauce.  Yeah, I know, you probably raised an eyebrow right there, but it's actually quite tasty!  The atmosphere was pretty laid back & chill.  I hate hot weather so I was a little disappointed that they had windows open (instead of using AC) but it did get cooler as the night rolled on.I'm not sure what to rate this place. I'll start with getting there. The place was packed. Good sign. The hostess was so sweet. My friend I went with is very pregnant so she was compassionate to her wait. After we waited about 40 minutes and could see that the tables were not opening up that quickly, we decided to go to the carry out window and eat at the picnic tables that are on the other side. The menu is the same and since we weren't drinking any alcohol, we figured why not. WELL....as sweet as the hostess was on the restaurant side, the order taker was rude...and I mean RUDE!! I would use another word but I don't want this review to get flagged. I have never in all my years experienced someone like that. We placed our order and waited quite some time for our food. We ordered 3 fish tacos, 1 pastor, 1 panza and a quac with chips. The order comes in a bag and when we unloaded it we were missing the pastor. I went to the window with the receipt and told the RUDE girl that we were missing our pastor. She looks at me and says, where's your order, I need to see it. I said it's all out on the table and they were seriously arguing with me that I was not missing anything from the order. I had to bag it up and bring it to them to see that it was missing. The guy that puts the orders together tells me it's all there. Seriously!!! It's not there and you are arguing with me?  It's a $ 3.00 taco!!  After I again showed him the receipt and the order, he agreed it was missing and made a new one. The fish tacos both my friend and I did not like, the panza was OK but the pastor and the quac were delicious. The bottom line to this experience's I might go back and sit at the restaurant side since the hostess was so sweet but I will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER go up to that carryout window again. I'm not sure what image this place is trying to convey but if rudeness from some girl with a dress on so tight that her boobs are about to pop out is what they're looking for, they hit it spot on!Good priced shots, cool setup and good people, the bartenders are friendly and its cool inside, and I would have given it 4, but they really abruptly kicked people out of the bar when it was closing, which I really don't like in a Chicago bar...that being said totally worth visiting.finally made it to big star! the guacamole is great, the pork belly and al pastor tacos were delicious and super-fresh. the only thing i was disappointed with was the margarita. i had the classic one, and it tasted like they used a mix or something.of course, big star is overly crowded and it's difficult to find a waitress at times, but the food is completely worth it.good to eat: guacamolemust try: al pastor and pork belly tacowhat could be better? Tacos and liquor? My least favorite of Paul Kahan's places, but still way better than 90% of the mediocre taco places in the city. This is not Taco Bell.After learning Big Star had an affiliation with Violet Hour, I knew it was a place I had to try. At night the place gets super crowded. In the summer time, it seems people will spend the whole night here, meaning; you could end up waiting very long time. My boyfriend and I went during lunch and got there just in time, we didn't have to wait!  We started out with chips (freshly made) and guac while we read over the beer list (they have an awesome assortment of drinks) and menu.  When it comes to the beers, I would suggest asking your server for their advice.  I did and loved what she brought me. Order your drinks before you order your food.  The drinks seemed to take awhile to be brought out and the food comes super quick. Tacos are pretty small which is perfect cause you can try a few different ones. My favorites were the Taco Al Pastor and Taco De Panza.  These many be small, but boy are they flavorful!  Although everything was good, nothing was surprisingly amazing.When it's nice out and when they have their outdoor seating you can bring you dog..which I love!  This place is CASH ONLY so come prepared!  If you're in the area I would recommend giving this place a try.Also...they have a walk up window where you can order your meal to go.tacos to die for and i don't even usually like tacos. Trendy and hip atmosphere.Oh boy, Big Star, every time I am here I just want to sing and hear Toby Keith's "I Love This Bar"...cannot get enough of the food and margaritas here!  The tacos al pastor and the tacos de pescado are absolutely scrumptious.  Be careful with the margaritas, they sneak up on you quickly and HARD because they are so delicious!  Outdoor patio is perfect to enjoy a beautiful summer day, make sure you get there early, this place gets packed.  A Texas experience in Chicago with awesome food, big beer list, and strong/delicious margaritas, cannot wait to go back!Today 6/28/11 is probably one of the nicest sunny days Chicago will have this year.  Easy motorcycle parking right to the right in their lot.  Cool server and staff, partial shade, great tacos, Three Floyds and Lagunitas =yum...I even tried that huge hot dog which was perfectly spiced.  I am a fan and will be back soon.  Interesting people watching.   Yummy-mummies with 15+ strollers, and lots of furry dudes, all grooving and getting along.  Nice place at a more than reasonable price.This place was crazy crowded, and if we hadn't found a spot at the bar right awa,y I wouldn't have said it was worth the wait to eat here.  The taco size is nice, but they weren't all that delicious in general.Best tacos I have ever had. The tilapia is phenominal. Margaritas are strong. Be prepared for a long wait on weekend (up to 3 hours, yea it's crazy) and select weeknights. A perk is that they have a pick up window in the warm season. Pick up some tacos and hop back on the Damen blue line to enjoy them at home.order the panza, the bourbon daily shot, and the guac, final answer.margarita and michelada.Passed it twice trying to find it. Look for the star, not the name. Great food, solid service. Hipster atmosphere, fun music, upbeat vibe. Great outdoor seating but we sat at the bar due to the rain. We tried the chips and guac, queso fundido (which came out piping hot I might add) and we each had a taco. They actually ended up taking the tacos off of the final bill because they took about fifteen minutes to get to our table. Apparently they are supposed to come out almost immediately. Not necessary, but very nice of them nonetheless! Would definitely go back for the food. Good stuff.ooooooo big star, i am crushing on you right now. i mean, let's be honest .... you probably don't deserve 5 stars, but for some reason i can't get enough of you. you're kinda pretentious and sometimes you make me wait around for you for hours... i want to scream at you but i'm terrified you'll withhold your tex mex treasures from me, and i just don't know if i can handle that. i dream about your queso fundido, and the tacos al pastor could have crack  in them. your $3 whiskey shots always give me a gross hangover, but i don't care.i know its easy to hate, but you're better off swallowing your pride and getting down with big star.If you like spicy go for the chicken tostadas, they are delish!Ugh Mama needed some good eats in the city somewhere and my husband finally came through with a winner! We arrived to a full house but was graciously seated quickly because we had a hungry half pint with us. I ordered the Tostada de Pollo  and the Tacos de Pescado, delish! Small portions, but atmosephere was great, great service, its all in presentation. Fun outing!Overpriced. At the price of 3$ for a coke and 4$ for a veggie tostada I expect something more than som fried vegetables and some sauce...The tacos and margaritas here are absolutely great. The only problem is...it takes about 2-3 hours to get a table if you have more then 2 people. Usually my boyfriend and I just go and sit at the bar, but even that can take 30 minutes or so of searching for a seat. The "lizard boots" is one of my favorite drinks in the city. It's spicy and different from most drinks. this place is also one of those trendy spots.. So it is packed with hipsters. If you don't mind waiting, it's definitely worth a try.If you are looking for great food this is your place. The tacos we had were awesome! The place packed but I don't mind that at all. The bartenders were friendly.  They have a great selection of whiskey. They overall one my heart.Love this place in the summer - make sure to check it out in the winter when they'll have the tree lot, perfect for holidays too!So delicious. It's a good thing I don't live closer to this place, I would be there constantly. I've only tried the veggie and fish tacos. The fish tacos are so good; I can't order anything else now. Go early if you don't want to wait, and be prepared for noise. It can get pretty loud inside. I have yet to try any drinks from the bar, but they always look good. And the price cannot be beat. Very reasonable for the quality of the food and the area. Yum.Ben is a great bartender! He was super attentive in a crazy-busy atmosphere.Tequila and tacos in a cool, casual and chic setting? Sounds great! It's tiny and is in desperate need of a sign, but it's still great. I had a pork and a pork belly taco in addition to chips with salsa and guac. Love the salsa - varying degrees of spiciness. And the drinks - I love tequila. I had a St. Germain drink - thing margarita with St. Germain. I also has Los Tres Reyes - tequila, sangrita (non-alcoholic tomato based tequila chaser) and a can of Tecate. Can't wait to go back!Big fan of Big Star! Definitely my new go-to spot in the neighborhood. First impression of this place was the guy checking our ID's, who was over 50 and I assumed to be the owner. Cool. We stopped in sometime after 1 a.m. and the kitchen was still knocking it out, so three friends and I sampled the menu and loved everything we tried. Started with guac - fresh and the chips were plentiful and served warm with salt & lime. They killed it with the pork belly tacos, and whatever other ones we got were great as well - i think pastor, fish and some kind of tostadas. Tortillas are homemade and the food is much higher quality than a standard taqueria. Great tequilas, whiskey and my Badger friends and I will be back for the Blatz,  Schlitz, or whatever old school beer was on tap.Good riddance to Pontiac Cafe! Personally, I don't like spending $5 on a PBR just so I can drink outdoors and look at men's feet. I'll pass. Big Star is outstanding! Pork Belly tacos? I could eat 2,340 of them. This place reminds me of something I have been to in Austin, TX. If you are looking for a fun group outing... keep looking. If you want to grab some food with your GF or buddy, look no more. And for Christs sake, eat the pork belly tacos!yummy tacos, fresh guac.  ok margs.  Get the pork.  Fish tacos not so great, just ok.  Salad surprisingly delicious and Im not much of a salad girlI have only visited Big Star once, but I can not wait to get back again.  I tried every one of their tacos.  It is a small menu.  Reasonably priced and tasty, good drink selection, nice whiskey choices.  I wish Edgewater was closer to Wicker Park!The closing of the Pontiac made me very depressed.  I had prepared myself for the worst.  I thought it would definitely turn into a clone of the other new bars that have popped up in the crotch.  I was pleasantly surprised to find Big Star is actually pretty cool.  We tried one of each of the tacos and they all rocked.  The selection of Whiskey was pretty great too.  The have a turntable with a great collection of vinyl too which always helps.  So great tacos, great whiskey and Gram Parsons on the stereo makes for a great night.  I still miss the Pontiac but I'm glad it turned out as well as it did.The pork belly taco and guacamole were really good.Big Star is amazing - the food is incredibly cheap and delicious and the service was fantastic. However, we went there on a Wednesday at 4 PM - I wouldn't go near there on a weekend.Loud and the bouncers were very rude. The drinks were expensive for the quality. They simply were not good and this was a 'house special.' Although if you like your drinks very very strong go ahead and indulge. Otherwise you won't be able to take more than a sip of it. Haven't had the opportunity to eat the food, but it smelled good and many people couldn't put down the tacos! Oh and it was cash bar only. Not sure if this is the trend every night. Not a fan in a technologically advanced world!!!!!3 Words: Pork Belly Tacos.  That is all you need to know.I  was so sad when Pontiac Cafe closed, but Big Star has more than made up for it!   The staff is friendly and attentive.  The tacos (especially the pork) are FANTASTIC, as is their beer selection.  Big Star is perfect for days that are nice so that you can take advantage of their HUGE outdoor patio!  Glad to have this in my 'hood!To me Big Star is 5 star concept with 4 star tacos.  I love the drink list featuring lots of affordable whiskies and tequilas.  I'm a sucker for the 3 dollar shot of bourbon special and the michelada is one of the best I've had anywhere.  The tacos are a little overwrought and overpriced.  Sure they're gourmet, but I'd prefer well-made carnitas with cilantro, onion and a spritz of lime to a gourmet taco with funky sauces any day.  I appreciate that Big Star has a unique concept and the food is certainly good enough, but this place would be even better if they were pumping perfectly made carne asada and carnitas tacos for a 1.50 and without the trappings.If you like to wait forever to get some super small tacos and sit on small, metal, ugly chairs, then you go for it. We live a block away from this place, it is always super busy, I just don't get why. You must pay cash and buy 10 tacos to just get full, they are so small. At At least $20+ for tacos you are better off going to a normal restaurant and sit on something a bit more comfortable. If you want tacos to go, brace yourself to wait forever as well, not something you ever want to do when you think "fast food." tacos do taste good, but not worth all the hoopla.I was surprised that a hipster-chic hot spot actually has some of the best tacos in town.  I can't get enough of their panza pork belly tacos.  If I don't want to wait in the pretentious line for a table, I just grab some goodies to go at the convenient side-window.so i'm going to be perfectly honest and say that i had no idea that pork belly could be so mediocre! I really wanted to like this place, all my friends thought it was awesome. but it turns out it was all hype and hipsters when i went there. save your money and going to a better taqueria there are plenty around.This trendy Wicker Park taco joint is good, but not great.  Their appetizer menu is good, and their tacos all have a delightful twist to them, but the atmosphere itself is not very cozy.  It is always packed, and clustered.  There is always someone bumping into you, and some of the people who work there can have a bit of an attitude problem.  Maybe this is due to a constant overflow of people, but if you can, just order straight from the walk-up window, and take your tacos to go.If you want to slow down the awesome night you're having you can pass through this place and order chips and guacamole from the pedestrian drive through they have outside.  We waited 20 minutes for that damn guac! But in all fairness it was delicious.  But come on, isn't the point of Mexican food that appears instantaneously?  Or at least, relatively quick?  Otherwise, I am a fan of this place but if you go don't sit on the south side of the bar since the salty bartender who is always on that side likes to make people wait a while.Staff is mad slow, it took at least 10 mins just to flag down a server. Food is so so, I think what makes this place appealing is that it's always bumpin.What's with the hullabaloo? I seriously don't get why people love this place so much. Could it be the overpriced beer, overcrowded aisles, poor service, douchey clientele, and mediocre food? The only good thing we got here was the chips and guacamole, which, was good, but not incredible. This place is NOT a taquería, it's a tourist trap. For authentic and delicious food at way more reasonable prices, head to La Pasadita on Ashland and Division, grab some chile rellenos tacos and poblanos and hit the park for a good good time.I was a little concerned by peoples yelps about the service and how long it actually took to get into the restaurant ... but, we went on a Thursday afternoon, got right in, and our service was great.  I had the sonoran hot dog, which, I must say, rivaled one of Hot Doug's ... which is a pretty big compliment.  Anyways, the dog was good, as were the salsas that we had with our chips.  Great stuff!Big Star is the kind of place you become a regular at. The concept is to bring an authentic boarder town cantina experience to Chicago. They specialize in my two favorite spirits: Bourbon and Tequila. The cocktails all have deep and complex flavors. I also love the smokey flavor of mescal and this is one of the few places in the city that incorporate it well. The food is simple and excellent. My favorite taco is the pork belly but they also do the best fish taco I've ever had. I'm campaigning to have them add tacos de lengua. I was in last night and did the sonaran dog. I was completely blown away. It had a wonderful spiciness to it I wasn't expecting. The prices here are what I consider cheap based on the quality of what you're getting.Great food. Great atmosphere. Awful employees. SO OVERRATED.  So rude to our party standing at the bar buying drinks. We were told to move to the back  of the bar or leave...something about being in the way.  The place was crowded, and I have no idea why our party was singled out.  If we had been asked politely... I probably wouldn't be writing this review.Well, we stopped by on Saturday at 5pm. There was a long wait, so went on a walk around the neighborhood. We came back and there was still a wait. We ended up waiting 2 hours and 10 minutes for a table for two. 2 hours? No place is worth waiting that long, especially with the confusing list and people working the door. When we finally sat down, the server was fairly quick and friendly. For how busy the place was, the food and drinks came out quickly. The guacomole was delicious and the chips were endless. The tacos were tasty and filling. The drinks were on the sweet side, and I was served a margarita that wasn't full. But hey, it was busy so I'll give them a little room to slide.If you want to go, go early and expect a wait.I had friends rave about this place, so I gave it a try.  The server forgot our order and disappeared.  Eventually, everything got straightened up, but I honestly wasn't too impressed with their tacos.  (very dry).   A few weeks later I decided to give it another shot, and after a few more beers I definitely enjoyed the food more. I've definitely had better tacos in Chicago, but this is the best you'll find at that intersection.Very tasty food - love their tacos.  Good drinks.  What's not to like?  It's crowded for a reason...What is the point in reviewing a place with over 1K reviews already? Anyway, I really liked the fish tacos I got, but what I didn't like was the incredibly long wait at the takeout line. Value was OK. Hipster spotting was entertaining, though.the menu is limited, but delicious. and despite only taking cash i don't mind having to walk to the bank before hand to get it. i agree with the other reviews, there is a definite tinge of hipster lingering in the air. but the combination of flavors in all their menu items makes it easy to ignore. what makes this place worth going out of your way for is the wide selection of whiskey combined with a trendy food truck menu.This is my favorite Wicker Park restaurant.  The fish tacos are amazing, chips are unlimited, salsas and guac are awesome, and drinks are always good.  The Lizard Boots cocktail is awesome--refreshing and spicy at the same time.  The only downside is the wait but it's so nice that they call you, so you can wander until you're up.After all of the hype, I expected to love Big Star, but it honestly was nothing to write home about food wise. I must say that the atmosphere is really cool-a lot of people hanging out on an outdoor patio and relaxing-the perfect destination on a summer day. The chips and guac. were very good-freshly made filled with fresh avocado, lime juice, and onion. We also split the mushroom tostada which was tasty as well. My biggest issue was with the tacos. I ordered the chicken and fish tacos. The chicken tacos were very fatty, and like the fish tacos, a bit flavorless. I was disappointed after waiting 45 minutes for a table....I don't understand how anyone wouldn't give this place 5 stars (other than the long wait time--but there's the window for that!). These tacos are in---wait for it--credible. Favorites include Al Pastor (obviously), the Pollo (delicious combination of ingredients), the chips are perfect, guacamole is pretty good and I recently tried the Pappas taco which was actually quite good.  The atmosphere in this place when the weather is fine is bliss.  They have a really decent drink menu and although you'll have to wait quite awhile for a table on most days, it is worth it.  I could come here 3 times a week and I sometimes do.  Great food and great place to hangout.  The prices for everything are fairWhat can I say about this place that already hasn't been said, amazing tacos, great queso fundido, and absurdly strong margaritas, which I like. Love the mezcal that they add to their big star margaritas, which give it a strong smoky flavor. The only reason that this place gets 4 versus 5 stars is that I keep getting this really elitist hipster waitress every time I go that seems mad that big star is "mainstream" now, and annoyed that it's popular.great place to people watch.  not such a great place for conversations.  it's LOUD!!! in there.  i could barely hear my friends that were sitting right next to me.  the obnoxious bridal party (really?  at big star?) was no help.  the drinks are STRONG!  they don't skimp on their liquor.  the fish tacos were amazeballs.  i don't care what anyone else said.  these were the best, BEST fish tacos ever.  i dream about them.  YUM!One of my favorites, especially late night.  Delicious al pastor and I love stuffing my face with a Sonoran Hot Dog.  It is huge, super messy and hard to eat but sooo good.  I like the fact that take out is easy considering how busy the place is.Long wait and loud, but this Bucktown hipster mainstay has delicious tacos, drinks and fast service.Why did you have to change your fish tacos from tilapia to catfish???  Worst decision ever.  I used to rave that you had the best fish tacos in Chicago, and now I will probably not even go back...unless you bring back tilapia. Please and thank you.The taco's are unreal, and cheap!  Only $3 for most.  Atmosphere is great with great music and open front patio.  FYI - Margarita's are VERY expensive!My brother and I wanted to grab a quick dinner on a Wednesday night around 8 pm.  I live in Lakeview so we decided we would drive down to Wicker Park; hopefully find some parking and eat dinner.  Whoa, the parking was a bad idea!  There was none to be found, but no worries, Big Star does take out!  My brother jumped out of the car, and he was able to get tacos in 10 minutes flat.  We had the pork belly tacos, the potato tacos and the chicken tacos.  Given my love for anything pork belly, it was probably my favorite taco.  The potato taco was really interesting and surprisingly good.  I found the chicken taco to be pretty average, and I don't think I would order it again.Great patio.  Beat the rush.  Awesome food, solid beer and whiskey selection.  Attentive and quick service.  Definitely a must in Wicker Park.Food: 9.5/11: Although, I was nearly seeing double by the time I ate, so who really knows. I remember it was pretty cheap though. And even though I was kind of grossed out by the thought of eating pork bellies I was pleasantly surprised. The cheese dip (I don't speak spanish and I won't try to spell it out here), was also very good. Drinks and Bartenders: 9.5/11: Got me drunk enough on fantastic margarita's before I ate, so they must of been good. Also had a drink that I don't remember the name of--it consisted of a shot of tequila, some sort of hot sauce, and a Tecate on the side. I don't know why really, but I kind of liked it.  Service: 6/11: Aside from the bartenders, the actual service staff (i.e.,e.g., hostesses and waiters/waitress) kind of sucked. We got there and really had no clue what to do. The person at the door (more like a bouncer than a hostess) accosted us for our IDs, instead of, maybe, saying hello/welcome or even explaining the layout of the restaurant and our options for eating/drinking/sitting. Eventually, we worked up the courage to ask the little hipster lady at the front (she was most certainly a hipster so, of course, much cooler than us, and in accordance, a little intimidating) who informed us that there was a list, and the rules to get on the list. We finally sat down after sitting at the bar for about an hour (though, it wasn't terrible because, as mentioned above, I gave the drinks and bartenders a good score). Our waitress eventually came, and in essence, it just felt that they were doing a sloppy job. They only have five tables, it should have been a bit easier to handle than they made it look....and, yes, that's right. My scale goes to 11. Not just 10.Went here last thursday with 2 other people around 8:30 and it was pretty busy.  We had to wait to come in because they were at capacity and the door guy seemed to be high because it was pretty difficult for him to count people coming in/out.  Luckily my friends and I helped him out and he finally let us come in.We still had to wait and stood at the bar and sipped on our tecates while we waited for seats to open up.  I am interested on why this place has such a huge parking lot out front (that no one uses) and they do not take advantage of it.  Why not expand and be able to accommodate more people?Anyways, we ordered our food and shared between the 3 of us (note that when you order the tacos you receive 2).  The food was great and totally hit the spot.  Not only that, everything is reasonably priced and we ended up spending $40 (including tip) for 3 people....not bad at all.  They also have a great selection of whiskey and tequila. Note: They are cash onlyHello Texas! Hello honky tonk!  Me encanta the drink menu.  Very well crafted and taste amazing...the mixologist is from the Violet Hour so you know you cannot go wrong on any drink.  The tacos were very perfect size that you can order individually.  Very fresh.  The only negative is if country is not your thing.I love, love, love this place! You can't go wrong with affordable (aka. cheap!) mexican fare! The pork belly tacos are to die for...pls order at least 3 for yourself. And be warned...the margaritas are potent (in a good way). Be prepared to wait in line though (hence the lack of that one additional star)...and forgo seating for standing. Super fun atmosphere for all you 'Walk the Line' fans...Johnny Cash songs galore. It gets loud, but lends to a fun, fun time. Great way to start off a night on the town!There truly isnt anythig more satisfying than a great drink menu, mexican tapas on the cheap (!) AND outdoor seatng. Located right across from Penny's on Damen, Big Star has the whole package. Its a very casual, fun atmosphere. Dont be fooled either by the prices, they dont skimp on flavor AT ALL. I def recommend the mango/pork shoulder taco....but honestly, whatever the order, you cant go wrong. I'm def one for guac too, so make sure to order it; bursts with lime and chunky avocado. Just make sure to bring ONLY CASH!No air, CASH only, all open, rude lady upfront checking ID.... Past  that tapas food and Margaritas a lot of funAlright Mexican food lovers. You have got to try this place out. This food is delicious delicious and totally cheap. Our order came out really fast and our drinks were delicious. I ordered the fish tostada and chicken tostada. My chelada was perfect. My friend raved about the margarita. The guac and chips was great - real guac. I liked it because it it not your typical super heavy Mexican food. You can definitely fill up here, but you don't leave feeling completed weighed down by lard. My only complaint is they would not seat my friend and I outside or inside in a booth because we were only two. Parties of three or less sit inside around the bar or non-booths.I think the unique menu is definitely a plus.  I absolutely love the micheladas!! The space is pretty cool, as is the service (perhaps they should smile a little more).  I'd recommend having cash handy as they don't accept credit cards - there is an ATM inside.The Tacos al Pastor and the guacamole were delicious. If you want fast dine-in service, sit at the bar. Service was incredibly slow and inattentive on a Saturday afternoon.Second favorite tacos after mercandito.  Mercandito is the best.Been here a couple of times. Food is great.  Have had all the meat based products and none of them disappoint.  Good selection of beers and tequilla.  For all the craziness going on, the bartenders are pretty nice and helpful.  I have one big issue with the place.  The hostess/bouncers really tend to be full of themselves.  Both times I have come they have given people waiting in line a lot of attitude.  Its weird why the rest of staff are friendly yet the first people you encounter are a-holes and b--ches.  For example, hostess tonight had no idea how long it would be for table for 2. Really?  Can't even give an estimate?  That's your entire job to figure out how to seat people.  Really hope management addresses this.I can't say enough about Big Star that hasn't been said already. My absolute favorite thing about this place is the patio. I don't know how many times I'll be frequenting this pace in the winter because it gets so packed inside you can't even move and the patio is closed. The food is good, some stuff better than others. The pork belly is the best taco and the queso fundido is so yummy, probably some of the best I've ever had. The fish tostada is also a winner. I'd pass on the lamb taco though. Chips and guac is good. Onto the drinks...huge fan of their micheladas, cheladas and palomas however they are always out of the stuff to make their cielo rojo. It is a loud place but great ppl watching too. I hope to get some more trips in before the weather changes...then I'll be taking some time off.Slow service (crowded), but decent tacos.the patio..the tacos..the drinks...the takeout window..the tostada de pescado...and the rajas de poblano tacos.!!! amazing service - great pation--- out of this world food..could you possible ask for more?go at an off time and you can have your choice of seats on the patio..i wonder what will happen come winter..but I have enjoyed you all summer Big Star!This is the kind of place that you can get something no where else in the city.  ALL of the food is great.  Make sure to try as many things as you can.  The prices are low enough you really could try the entire menu in just a few visits.  Keep in mind that its cash only.  This kind of blows, but there is a B of A just down the street.  Check Big Star out.  Try it for lunch or an early happy hour.  The outside patio does get filled up.  The walk up window is so so dangerous, great for late night or just on the way home from a long day at work.What a shame!  I used to *heart* this place but they need to expand and hire more people if the staff gets crabby about substitutions (not even a substitution in this case - my friend wanted cilantro left out of tacos and guacamole).  Service, while pleasant if forgetful and overwhelmed in the past, took a wrong turn at the bar when we were served by the most haughty, absent, impatient bartender I've had since... ever.  I've had  less snobby service at Trotters and quicker, more attentive service at crazy bars on Saturday nights!  This place has a lot of potential (and the food is magically delicious as well as consistent), but it seems everyone is secure in the fact that it will be busy (and they will be getting tipped) no matter what.  How unfortunate.  Take out window from now on.I guess the hype has died down, as there was no wait, and they were pretty busy. We were given a choice of where we wanted to sit, so we sat outside (the bar was a bit too crowded). Our server took our order quick,  and checked if we needed anything multiple times, but all without a single smile... but i guess that's ok, because she was quick with everything. We had the pork belly tacos, and a Sonoran hot dog. The pork belly tacos were excellent! The meat is delicious and crispy, and the cheese complimented it perfectly. The Sonoran hot dog, however was just a big pile of random mexican/american ingredients that just do not mix. after having two pork belly tacos, i decided that i could eat more, so i ordered an al pastor. it was just ok, the pork bellys being much better. the bill was very manageable, and the fact that the INCLUDE tax makes it that much sweeter. ordered a couple tacos for my roommate from the walk-thru. he loved them and said that if they were warm, they would have probably been delicious.i'll definitely be back when i'm in wicker park again.Let me count the ways...Best tacos and drinks. Great hipster watching.Good tacos, nice variety and very reasonable. Pork was a little dry, but the chicken tacos could not be beat. I ordered the tacos to go. The restaurant is a little on the trendy side, lots of hipsters. Maybe i'm to old for the trendies. I will return and again for take-out.I'd give this place a solid 3.5 stars.  the tacos are very good, but at $3 per for tinga or pastor I think they are a little overpriced.  The much hyped pork belly taco is good, but not great, the seasoning overwhelms the pork to the point where it is difficult to enjoy its porkiness.  the dulce de leche milkshake and the limeade are both worth the price of admission.This place was great! the bartenders were very nice and kept our drinks coming. The tacos were incredible, I had the Tacos Al Pastor, Tinga De Pollo, and Tacos De Panza. all were amazing. Gooooooooood Caaaaaaallll!!!The tacos are to die for. I've tried most of them and still can't find a favorite. The pork and pineapple one is a pleasant surprise--I highly recommend it. Their michelada wasn't as good as I had hopes for but I love they have it on the menu. They have an excellent selection of whiskeys so try a few next time you stop in. The atmosphere is always fun with great tunes playing in the background. This is a great place to start your nite or to enjoy the sun on a nice summer day. I can't wait to take my girlfriend back when the weather is nicer.Having spent a good amount of time in Mexico City, I'm always a bit leery of places that boast "great" tacos, but Big Star did not disappoint.  Good tortillas and excellent salsas.  The Al Pastor, which is one of my great foodie loves in life, wasn't that great, but the pork belly made up for it.  Phenomenal stuff.  I definitely plan on going back to try the Sonoran dog.  I knocked off a star for the douchefest that was the clientele, and the weak Al Pastor.Hip spot with a great vibe and awesome location.  Tacos are yummy and drinks are reasonable.  Sometimes can be difficult to land a table.  Looking forward to hanging on the patio drinking tecates and eating tacos de Pascado this summer.The food's good.... Had the fish tacos.... I just wished that the tilapia wasn't fried =( limeade was a little sour for my taste. Place was busy as hell.... So if Ur feenin' for food pronto, I'd go elsewhere.I'm basing my number of stars mostly on the food.  Which is mostly AMAZING.  The tacos de panza are AMAZEBALLS.  They're filled with crispy porkbelly and other wonderful things.  (FYI, I was wary to order these because I've been disappointed by floppy, rubbery, stringy porkbelly before.  This porkbelly is crispy and perfect.)  The fish tacos are really, really good too.  Not greasy at all, nice and bright.  When I come again, I'm just ordering a crapload of these two things.The sonoran hotdog was pretty bad.  I lived in LA for a couple years, so I'm no stranger to the bacon-wrapped hotdog situation.  However, this one is just...not good.  I don't mind that it's covered in goop (I was looking forward to the goop), but it's all SUPER salty and muddled together.  You can't taste any of the individual flavors, so it's just a soggy, salty mess.  I didn't eat the bun because it was too messy and i didn't want to waste stomach space on something I wasn't liking.  I basically just ate the dog part with a knife and fork, and tried to find some combination of the condiments that would be good.  It was all just blah.  It's $7, so I sort of wish I would have just ordered a couple more tacos instead.Their margaritas are also not great.  The upside is that they dump like half a bottle of tequila in each pitcher, so booze-wise you get your money's worth.  (I think it was $30 for a pitcher that provided maybe 6-8 very strong margaritas.)  However, it's basically just tequila and sour mix.  I hate sour mix.  Real margaritas should not just be tequila sullied with crappy sour mix.  Maybe if you order individual ones they do something different or take more care, but the pitchers aren't what I want in a margarita.  Also, they're warm.  Yes, they throw a bunch of ice in the pitcher, but if your tequila is warm and your sour mix is warm, your margaritas are going to be warm.  I wish they chilled the sour mix first. But, they do have a great whiskey/bourbon list and a great tequila list.  The beers are very reasonably priced for this kind of place ($3-5 in general).  They have some really interesting looking bourbon and tequila cocktails that run like $7.  Yes, the place gets super crowded.  I was lucky that I met friends who had already put our name in and been waiting, so I basically just rolled up and sat down.  But, within half an hour of our sitting down, the place got pretty nuts.  It was raining, so the capacity was seriously lowered by the fact that no one could sit outside.  I did not get any of the attitude from the staff here that other people have complained about, but I could see how a place like this could foster snotty hipsterism.  Our waitress was just fine.  Very nice, did her best to get around to us.  We did have to search her out and flag her down a few times to order more drinks, more tacos, etc., but she was doing a good job in a very crowded and loud place.  The food comes out very quickly, which was surprising and highly appreciated.  So, overall:-Get the tacos de panza and the tacos de pescado.-Don't bother with the margaritas unless you seriously just need a vehicle to get some tequila in your veins, STAT.-Be patient, and if you don't want to deal with the atmosphere inside (which can be overwhelming), order to go.This place is so conveniently near my apt, that it's hard not to be obsessed. I try and come here later in the night to avoid waiting in the long line. The fish tacos, guacamole, and margaritas are amazing! I like the cozy neighborhood feel inside and the patio in the summer. Not having tv's inside is a huge plus as well.We're regulars here. Always good guac, always good tacos al pastor. The specialty items (i.e. the menu items that change) are usually good, but somewhat hit or miss. I wish they made elote. There is always a wait, so put your name in, walk around wicker park and wait for your table. The recent tostada de pollo was sooo spicy it was difficult to eat. A perfect weekend afternoon on the patio at Big Star. Hints: Bring cash.Went here on a recommendation from my friend Joe the night before at The Publican( which by the way was again a fantastic tasting experience) and he said this place will "Blow your shit!"  WOW,, have to check this place out I guess.  Arrived at about 1:30 on Sunday  July 3rd, PACKED!  With people streaming towards the entrance like ants to an ant hill....well we are here, lets see how long of a wait.  Hour and a half for table.  Fine. They took my cell number (which is how they page you) , and proceeded to the bar.  Found two seats for the three of us relatively quick, and a third stool after maybe a half hour/ fourty five minutes.  Nice selction of beer, I tried the Laugunitas Little Somethin Somethin, yum!  The ladies had margaritas that the bartender concocted like mad mixologist, complete with dipping the end of a stray in to taste for good quality, tasty as well! So...after I achieved a bar stool, decided to eat at the bar.  All I have to say is we really  had a good time eating and drinking here.  Tacos were tasty, braised pork and fish tacos, better than the pork belly which was a bit dry! Gauc was tasty, music by dj spinning records was loud, but fit the vibe perfectly.  Sure they get an occasional request to turn the music down a hair (especially Sunday afternoon at 2pm) but love the fact that they probably would not honor that request!Will go back....Loved this place for it's simplicity and attitude!!PS . Read some reviews about waitstaff of door people being rude, I had no such experience. I usually find if you treat the service industry people with respect, 9 times out of 10, they will do the same to you!On a beautiful summer night, it's a great place to be outside eating and drinking. The menu is great - not too many choices and everything we tried very tasty. And if Kelly is your server, consider yourself lucky - she's a hoot.Not really worth making the trip over without the Tostada de Pescado on the menu anymore.  The other options seem greasy and too salty.Our waiter was amazing, so helpful and very attentive. The food and beer selections were also excellent. The tacos were great, the one chicken thing I tried was too spicy for me, but the waiter warned us about it so we were prepared. You have to get here early otherwise there is a huge wait.Big Star Gets Big STARS. This place is always busy so come early and if you like a table, you'll be waiting for some time since there is not a "time limit." First come first serve at the bar and there is great selection of bourbons!!! The pastor taco and pork belly tacos are the best to have.Amazing tacos!  It's really nice to see accessible menu items that don't seem Americanized!  Great food, great service, lovely ambience.  Will return!The tacos are delicious.  The drinks good as well. If you can get into this place.Super stoked about this place. Been wanting to try it for a long time now and so happy we finally made it. It's always packed so we did go at 4pm on a wednesday and no problem. The staff was great, the prices unbeatable and the food outstanding. Not much more to say. Oh, just be aware it's cash only.Perfect location for day drinking.  Everything on the small menu is delicious and far from boring.  I love the atmosphere, music, people watching, everything really.  Though it seems to be packed always, we have never had to wait more than one beer to sit down.I love the patio. Food was good, drinks are great. Enjoy the weather and sit outside and make some friends. Love itTacos are simply amazing but not the service.  If you are buying from the pick up window MAKE SURE TO COUNT YOUR CHANGE. I ate there 3 days in a row and they gave me less change every time. When I told them it was not the right amount of change, they gave me the right amount without a hesitation. It is my understanding that cashiers are trying to steal money from people thinking they are drunk and wouldn't count their money.Good service. Taco de pollo, queso fundido, and frijoles charros are my fav. Lime aid is too sweet for my taste but still goodGreat food and good service. It gets busy at night and they don't take reservations. It is also cash only which is a bit annoying. Overall a great place to eat.I've heard alot about this place since moving into Wicker Park. It always looks packed (especially outside during the summer) so I figured I had to give it a shot. Went with my girlfriend and like usual, it was packed. But I can understand why it gets busy. We tried 3 different tacos which were all good and got a couple cocktails which were also pretty good.  The only gripe I have about the place is we wanted some chips and salsa so we ordered chips ($3 and for some reason they kinda tasted like pop-corn) but the salsas were already at our table in these squeeze containers and neither one was that good. But besides the chips and salsa the place was pretty solid.As a foodie, this is painful to write. I was not impressed with Big Star at all! I will admit that I didn't dine in, I have tried to before but on this occasion I only wanted some takeout lunch. I strapped the kid into the stroller during a long day slaving away as a nanny and I was delighted to find that we weren't far from Big Star. I wasn't sure how long the kid would keep quiet so we settled on takeout. At the window, the girl was not helpful at all. I asked which was the most popular, she didn't know. I ordered the chicken, the beef, and some type of fish taco. I waited 15 minutes at a picnic bench and out came my tacos in a brown paper bag (just the way I like it). Upon returning home and putting the kid down for a nap, I discovered that the tacos were soggy. Probably my fault. The fish taco was extremely chicken. The chicken was just alright, and the beef was tough. I had had such high expectations for this place which made my experience all the more detrimental to my happiness. The waits here can get ridiculous and the staff isn't very friendly, and that's putting it nicely. I'd rather spend my money at Taco Joint or even Allende.We ate there on a Sunday night around 8 and despite tales of ridiculous waits all the time, we walked right up to two seats at the bar. We split one of every taco, the two tostadas, and queso fundido. Every single item they brought was amazing! Then we drank more cheap beer and sipped Templeton. It's inexpensive too!Plenty of room for improvement, but they do what they do well, which is give you unique booze and a unique spin on Mexican food.  Yeah, you need to pay cash, yeah, you can't use a credit card, yeah, it gets crowded in a heart beat, but you're playing by their rules, so play along, or leave.  To be honest, I'm pretty sure they feel the same way, too.The difference-maker that I liked was that the tihngs within the tacos or tostadas or whatever weren't your generic steak, chicken, chorizo, etc.  They were a good new spin on the things that usually don't go wrong anyways.  Whiskey and tacos, that's all.  No bs, either.Stopped by the pick up window and ordered 4 tacos + an order of chips and guacamole. Walked home, opened the bag to find only two of the four tacos I had ordered. I don't mean to completely rag on the place -- I've been inside and the food and service are of quality but to-go service like that is inexcusable.Best tortilla chips I've had.  Came out hot as hades with large salt crystals affixed to the chip.  Guacamole was creamy with chunks of avocado garnished with julienne radish and cilantro.  Excellent.  I had the al pastor, borrego (lamb), and panza (pork belly) tacos.  all were excellent, particularly the pork belly.  Chicken tostada was piled high and very flavorful.  Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA went very well with the food.I was in again last night.  Really my only hang up with this place is how busy it is...  Not their fault.  Obviously other people love it as much as I do.YUM.Had a couple of old favorites - chips/guacamole, chicken tostada, lamb taco, rum&coke...  And tried a beer special and the taco special (lengua).Everything was awesome.We went at about 6:30 and there were several available seats at the bar.  The blonde bartender was knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.I heart Big Star.I went to Big Star for the first time tonight and LOVED it.  Yes, it is a bit out of place in the Wicker Park neighborhood but if you know what you're getting into, it's a great bar.  To know: 1. Cash only2. First come, first served on the seats at the bar.  (Booths--all 5 of them--are for parties of 4 or more.)  Now the lack of bar seats ticked me off a little at first because my friend and I were planning on eating dinner but we just had to mention this to the bartender and he arranged a spot for us to stand.  We didn't have chairs but we did have a table so that was fine.  (We later got seats--hooray!)  3. Tacos are small but I like that because it allowed us to try several different kinds (all of which were great).  4. The Big Star margarita is smoky, like an Isle whisky.  If you only like "traditional" margaritas, you might not like it.5. They play old school country.  Yes, only country.  Someone in another review ragged on them for only playing country but that's like ragging on a nightclub for only playing nightclub music.Pork belly and al pastor tacos are insanely good! Tacos are small but resonably priced at 2 bucks.  Recommend getting at least 3 tacos.  Inside the staff, atmosphere and music rocked.  After my experience inside I was also really excited about was the pickup window but unfortunately was let down.   On a Sunday afternoon  the service outside wasn't friendly and the wait was long.After another Wicker Park restaurant did not deliver on feeding us (long story), my group of six girls and a guy were famished.  It was 10:30 pm on a Friday night, and we needed to be fed immediately.Big Star was perfect for this - we walked inside and were able to sit at the bar.  Our food came out speedily, the servers were very nice, and my tacos were absolutely delicious!  The hunger had something to do with it... but the food was genuinely good.  I had the al pastor, the lamb shoulder, and the pork belly tacos - my fave was the pork belly because I could taste the fat.  Delicious.  But they were all very savory, well-flavored, and despite being small, quite filling!Thank you for saving our night, Big Star!I can't believe Big Star doesn't have a solid four-star review! It probably helps that I went for lunch on a gorgeous Monday afternoon, so I had no issues with seating or anything else. As noted elsewhere, the lamb tacos are delish. And not entirely inauthentic; I'm not an expert on Mexican food, but I think this is Big Star's take on birria (goat). Regarding the price of tacos: $3/taco for a gentrified sort of place with big names attached is not so bad. The (excellent) tacos at the taqueria on my corner are $2. I mean, Rick Bayless is charging $10 for a torta at Xoco,..Went there last night (4/20, wink wink) and walked up to the order window, and was greeted by my meal in less than 5 minutes!!!!! The person at the walk up window was SO pleasant AND I got extra hot sauces without having to ask!  This is how you provide awesome customer service, server.The food is fantastic. It's a little pricey because it's fantastic, get over it. The servers are hipsters, so what? Get over it. They card you when you walk in because it's a bar AND a restaurant, get over it. They keep your ID when you start a tab because they don't want to pay it when your drunk ass walks off on them, get over it. The booze is cheap, the atmosphere is dope, the place is cool looking and the food is great.Very nice place to go on a sunny day when you want to sit outside and enjoy cheap nachos and beer. Really liked the ambience and the open air seating. The staff was very friendly. Went there at 6pm on a Saturday in summer, so it was quite crowded. We had to wait a bit to get a table outside, but we could go inside and have a drink at the bar while we waited. Great place to hang out.The pork belly taco is just luscious.  They also have a great selection of beers.  You can hit up the patio if you're staying a while or step up to the take-out order window (as is the case on many late nighters).I went there after some serious wine tasting...Needed  some food afterwards. The weather being perfect, the place was full on a monday evening. Food was great and wasn't overpriced. The service cost'em the one star, otherwise it would've been a 5. I undestand they were busy but it took 20 mins for my drink order. Server was nowhere to be seen. But i will comeback just because it was a cool place.I LOVE LOVE LOVE the food at Big Star and I have been about 7 times so far. But I had to come here and give only an A-OK because the service outside leaves much to be desired. The bus guys work their butts off but the waitresses just stand around trying to look cool and indifferent. There are a few who rock (Gina) but for the most part you must plan your orders and order ahead of time IF you can get their attention. Sorry Big Star... I don't wanna be mean but why is it uncool to give good service in Wicker park? I have lived here for almost 18 years and I see it over and over again. At least I was already used to it from sitting at The Pontiac Summer after Summer.Tacos and Mexican at it's noisy best.  We did tend to over order the first time here -- tried to eat the menu, in fact.  Did n't need to do that.The detraction here is that my cocktail was like alka-seltzer on the rocks.  I siwtched to beer and was happy after that.Try the patio if you can but getting an outdoor seat while the patio is open but finding an table will be about as likely as winning the lottery. I forecast this being the restuarnt of the summer.Such delicious food for so little money! And $1 Schlitz! What more could you ask for? Craft micro-brews? Yeah, they've got those too, and $3 whiskey specials each night. To top it off, they're usually playing some sweetly obscure country music, and the space has a great atmosphere, inside and out. I've only been on Monday and Tuesday nights though, and even then it's super-crowded. I can't imagime what it's like on the weekends!Tasty tacos, but not tasty enough for the price. Go to Big Star for the atmosphere, not the food.While the food is still delicious, I definitely get the sense that the shine is rubbing off this place (at least for me). While still immensely popular, the service is just very meh.This is  not ur average Mexican taco shack. If there is such a thing, I would classify this place as gourmet tacos. The Pastor pork taco is ridiculous . The smoked chicken tostada is also one if my favs . Every taco & tostada is great. On the weekend it can get very packed sitting down, and a long wait for carry out.Big Star is awesome.  I feel really cool when I go here.  Tacos de panza are the best.  $3 whiskey shots = good/bad depending on your situation.  Michelada's are refreshing.  Paul Kahan spins some mad tunes.This place lives up to all the hype. Sure, it's in a former gas station. Sure, it's crowded and  filled with hipsters. The drink selection is great and the tacos are awesome.I was impressed with this place.  Great tacos!  Reasonably priced.   We went with carry out b/c the wait was too long, but got a drink and liked the atmosphere.  Great patio area.  I could see it being a little cramped when the weather turns.I came here the other night for drinks and really had a good time, great atmosphere, good people, will comment more when I come here to eat.BIg Star is a good spot to get not your ordinary tacos and a nice whiskey. The service sucks because it's in Wicker Park, so don't be hesitant when you need to take the initiative. I had to try this place after my friend wouldn't stop raving about it to me; I didn't enjoy nearly as much as he did but it's good and the prices are decent.There's no magic happening here.  The interesting Big Star margarita is the only thing that earned a star.  Between Big Star and Chipotle, will Mexican ever taste Mexican again?These tacos are what's up little pricey at 3 buck a pop but well worth it . The AL pastor is cook with pineapple which counters the heat and adds just the right amount of sweetness. But my favorite taco is the pork belly topped with cilantro and queso fresco they are amazing. This place always seems packed the bar is small and there are only a dozen tables, but there is a outdoor Togo window open late which makes Big Star a great stop after a night at the bars.I went on a Sunday and there was about a 30 minute wait just for the take-out window.  I had the fish tacos and while they were tasty, they were only about the size of my palm (and I have small hands) and thus, definitely not worth the 3 dollar price tag.  It seems like such a scene, but I guess that's the area for you.  Parking is a nightmare, and I don't know about any of you, but the whole hipster thing is so early 90's I almost can't take it anymore.  Enough big glasses.  Enough plaid shirts.  Enough spending your yuppie money to support a yuppie establishment instead of supporting the hundreds of local families that own and run much better and more authentic Mexican places.But that aside, it was a good taco.holy cow i love this place! TACOS DE PANZA!!! omgeeee. perfection. tostadas de pollo were also fab. tacos al pastor, super good but a bit sweet for me (i dont like pina in savory foods). super yummy hot sauces too. get the chips and guac WOW. they have an incredible selection of tequila, mezcal, bourbon, and beer. they serve late night! and theres hot rocker guy bartenders in flannel shirts! i'm obsessed. what a major major improvement from the nasty place that used to live there!If you want to try a Sonoran Dog, this is not the place to go.  If you have ever had one in Tuscon, you will be let down with this one.  Too big a dog.  It overwhelms everything else.  Terrible.only did carryout, so cant rate the restaurant.Delicious food, hipster atmosphere, great drinks... long waits are a given.The best tacos you'll ever have.The food was fairly decent... I recommend the fish tacos, and guac and chips...Also had the pork belly tacos and pork shoulder tacos... They were ok. The food comes out fairly quick, but the service is terrible. Had to wait forever just to get a glass of water, and it was almost impossible to get a hold of our waitress once we got our food.Great, inexpensive Tex Mex, all the food was exceptional, Fish Tacos are amazing!!!Great, cheap tacos & beer and a fun scene with so many youths out & about.Love the drinks and atmosphere. Food is good too, but the people that work there seem to always have an attitude.... but then again i keep finding myself going back there so the drinks are totally worth it :)Eh. It's okay. Waay too expensive, snooty staff, and completely packed with yuppies thinking they're getting a 'real' Mexican experience. It's definitely not my favorite. But if you want to sip on a pretty decent margarita in the sun then this is a great place to do that. Will I be back? Yea, probably but if there were other choices that supplied the aforementioned then I'd drink there instead.It's hard to fault a place for being popular and busy. If you live in Wicker Park you know summer starts in May when the outdoor seating is open at Big Star. The tacos are AMAZING, I often stop by for a Tecate or Margarita and 3 tacos bymyself. I love this place, but the ridiculous wait and the difficulty with seating inside the bar sometimes leaves me with a sour taste. I've learned to walk away from this place 2 out of 4 times I go. If you notice a huge line outside I wouldnt recommend waiting unless you have a table, but if you are just going in the bar area it's not worth it. It' crammed in there on the busy days. Go when you can sit down and learn to try another time when it's less crowded.Tacos are tasty and I would highly recommend. I would say skip the super-hipster patio that's ALWAYS packed and do the walk up window and take away. Huge improvement over Pontiac!!!Pork belly taco pretty awesome...  I usu defer to the al pastor, but couldn't pass up the pork belly.  The place has a very east coast feel combined with a country music feel, definitely a neat concept.  I will be coming backCool atmosphere. Good cocktails. Guacamole is salty and way too much lemon. The queso is good. The fish tacos are good. Bring lots of cash.tacos were good, service was alright, Mexican Coca-Cola was a nice touch, the excessive amount of hipsters was not. Good but not great, overall.The place gets really packed. The tacos are awesome and their drink menu is better than expected. I like to hustle and bustle. Sometimes you just want to be at a place that's loud and full of life. This place is it! I'm a fan. Check out their pork tacos!I came to eat at Big Star tacos for the first time with my wife on Tuesday and i was really surprised. From the look on the outside i thought it was a run down taco spot but it was actually really nice. We were seated right away and the waitress was really nice and calm. She recommended the chicken tostada and i really like it. The fish tacos were even better. The only complaint, the portions are small, and i didn't like their draft choices..finally been here.for someone who doesn't like crowds and spots where everyone tries hard to look like a star or a model or an artist, this place made me just chilllll after a few margaritas and appreciate all the goodness being served and share the love.staff is %90 very friendly, especially the ladies :) not so much love from the guys standing in front of the entrance shaping people into an unpleasant line just to put your name on the list. but it's all ok.tacos= when they're served one thinks mmm darn theyre small, but oh my that pork belly taco I took a first bite out of was just quality. I was in the mood for fish tacos but unfortunately the fried tilapia one is the most disappointing out of their selection. possibly the only bad decision in this establishment is that the tilapia is fried in batter, why why why?drinks are not fancily garnished or anything but hit the spot, generally found the prices alright. if I feel like some original food and good vibes I can come here and have 3-4 tacos and a good beer for 20 bucks, that suits the purpose of eating out I believe.love it, will be back regularly.Strong Drinks, great tacos, and a lot of outdoor seating.  Service was ok but pretty slow, but the first round of drinks came out quick so I was happy to wait.This was our first stop on an inadvertent tour of the Blackbird family of restaurants. We were recommended here by a friend, a beer aficionado in San Diego. The beer list was solid but quite small and many that were from our area (San Diego), we prefer to try new stuff. The food, creative Mexican, was also very good but again, we live on the border of Mexico and don't typically seek out tacos when we travel! The atmosphere is very casual and extremely "hipster", 40 something's from SD, not such a good fit. Our server was friendly once we got going (she was the one that suggested the rest of the Blackbird restaurants which we LOVED) but overall the place exudes a "too cool for school" kinda vibe which I just find annoying. There is definitely no uniform of any kind and the servers wear cross shoulder purses to carry their "server" stuff so they blend in with the patrons. This is a cash only place which we didn't know and we're a little short since we were straight from the airport. Very solid food and beers, just not a vibe we like.I've heard a lot of great things about this place, and finally had a chance to go last weekend. There always is a long wait to get it, which is why it took me so long to try it out. The food was okay, not amazing... but that is what I expected. The bartenders gave excellent service, great drinks, and we never had to wait for our drinks. I will for sure come back, for the drinks and fun atmosphere.The margaritas are great and they make a solid burrito for ChicagoFinally made it to Big Star.  We didn't get a seat outside but were able to find a seat right at the bar.  I had the potato and el pastor tacos along with the bean and cheese dip.  Everything was good, but not great enough to ever wait two hours for.  I also came at noon on a Sunday and was wanting a mimosa and my friend wanted a bloody mary.  Neither of which they had, what?  But they do have good prices, location, and outside seating.I really do love this place, in spite of the never-ending, soul-crushing wait. If I go at old person time, which I am apt to do, I can usually snag a bar stool. Micheladas are perfection, fish tacos crispy 'n good, potato tacos are spicy and perfectly seasoned. The guacamole is worth the splurge. The salad is so wonderful in spite of it not being a taco. The dulce de leche licuado makes me stupid with its deliciousness. My husband eats red meat and doesn't like dropping cash at B.S. because he can get a good meat taco on any corner in this town for a fraction of the price. Being reduced to the vegetables and the fishes, though, I'm all in.Wow. Really wanted to try this place. Told 1.5 hours waited over 3 hours and called it quits after a rude man at door wouldn't even let us in the place to get a drink. Dissapoined. Won't go back.I cannot think of a better place to sit down with some friends over some good drinks and food. While Big Star isn't an upscale restaurant, it has upscale food. The atmosphere is extremely chilled out and fun too. The pork belly tacos have so much depth in flavor its like a pork-u-copia in your mouth. (God damnit, that was awfully Guy Fieri of me). Just go to Big Star.Hipsters galore! The tacos are tasty and outdoor patio rocks. Seriously what more do you need?Great food but terribly long wait and sub-par service in the restaurant area.  Staff members were very nice but  overworked and as a result were not attentive.  Ambiance is amazing though.We had plenty to talk about so standing in line outside turned out to be better for our evening out than getting a table. The decibel level inside is not conducive for conversation. But if you want to be seen amongst the popular kids enjoying beer and fancified tacos, this is the place.LOVED this place.  I felt like I was somewhere not-Chicago.  I went with my girlfriend on a Thursday night and it was packed!  We seated ourselves at the bar and had 8 tacos between the two of us (it was a lot of food).  The drinks were great too.  My only regret is that I drove there!  This is not a first date sort of place--it's noisy and crowded.  It's meant for friends and people who will enjoy the hullabaloo. We also had a cute bartender taking care of us.  Hehe.Best. Fish. Tacos. Ever. Potato tacos are really good. Guacamole is pretty tasty but heavy on the lime. Nice beer list. Nice whiskey list and they have whiskey specials everyday. Unfortunately, I'm not a huge fan of whiskey. Tomatillo salsa on table is yummers. CASH ONLY and they do have an ATM inside. Prices are very reasonable.First off, Dollar Schlitz is pretty awesome. Second, Pork Belly Tacos. Third, Mexican Cokes. Sure, I could see it getting really crowded and it is more bar than restaurant, but if you want a real restaurant go to a place like that. if you want funky meat tacos, dollar Schlitz and mexican cokes I would recommend BigStar.Great bourbon and whiskey selections and very helpful bartenders.  I love that they're not too cool for school in this hipster-overrun 'hood.  God, can you play something besides country and honky-tonk though?  I get it already.Food is tasty, and the chili portions look great, but $3 for a taco that's about 3 inches across?  Come on....Oh yeah, please lose the "cash only" thing.  It's friggin 2010 and I often don't carry anything but a debit/credit card...really??Serve food super late and it was super delicious and cheap!You HAVE to eat the chips and guac. Best I've ever had! This is a great place to end the evening and their tequila list was amazing with lots to choose from. However nothing was over priced.Queso fundido is awesome. Fish tostada tasted much much better.  New friendly server.  I like the green lights though I still wish they'd decorate.  Good place for a winter refuge from the blizzard.$3 for a taco is NOT that much considering you're getting Lamb and other quality braised meats.  The sheer time and energy that goes into putting so much flavor in a small taco is impressive, to say the least.  Don't expect to get a table without waiting... I have been there 5 times in 4 days.. It's close to my house and my friends and I love the place.  The service has been great each time I've been and they have been packed each time.  The security guy at the door was especially friendly, even fixing the collar on my jacket for me when I put on my coat.I wore one of my favorite shirts out to Big Star (only have worn it a few times). I realized after eating a couple Pork Belly Tacos and some Queso Fundito that I had a huge grease stain on my shirt...but because the food was so good (or maybe because the margaritas were so strong), I didn't mind too much. If the food wasn't as amazing I would have for sure been obsessing how I just ruined my shirt so I guess that speaks volumes of how much I like this place.I've only come here in large group so this time I went in a group of about 10-12 people which isn't a great idea since the bar is so small   (but after a few drinks you get over your claustrophobia).  We would of had even more people come out but since it was March Madness, and they don't have TVs, some people opted not to come. The staff is layed back and so is the crowd. I look forward to the summer when they hopefully have some outdoor seating out in front (which I know they did that when Pontiac was there). Overall it's a perfect place to go for drinks and tacos and it a great place to start off your night.I love this place.  I went here two days in a row.  Great food.  Great beer.  Great staff.  Great prices.  And not one stupid picture on the wall.  I hope they put up an awesome patio, cause that's the best people watching spot in the city.Ok, I'll make this quick and easy:Yes, it's the old Pontiac space. Yes, the Pontiac was a nice place to have a beer outside, but the food sucked and the waitstaff were thieves disguised as hipsters.Yes, this place isn't "cheap" and it's overly crowded and sceney.Yes, the tacos are fucking awesome... no two ways about it.  The tacos are great... I'm a taco fanatic and this place does them super authentic with really top notch ingredients.Place is always pretty busy and a little too loud for me but I don't care because the food is awesome! I loved the fish tostada and poblano pepper taco thingy. Seriously check it out. I think the best time to go is during the day after the lunch rush.What a disappointment!We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon with friends from out of town, expecting to have a few drinks, decent grub and enjoy the weather.  The service has to be the worst in the city.  Our waitress was more than 'forgetful', she was rude and gave us attitude when we asked for anything. (Like the beer that our friend ordered along with our drinks, and she didn't bring his until our second round) She would very obviously scan her section and avoid looking at our table, even as we politely waved to her to get her attention. As a server it's your job to help your customer get their drinks, food, and flatware. She acted we were annoying because we didn't have tattoos, dirty hair and skateboards. Total discrimination, and not only against 'normal' family types, but people who don't fit their ironically cool vibe.This place rules.Busy crowded taqueria at the old Pontiac space. It's crowded and lively and hip. I go here for a good time with friends plus the margaritas have mezcal making them pure, delectable poison! Go for fun and try not to take the wait too seriously. Sit outside if you can. The waitstaff is adorable.Big Star and boobs have something in common: I love them.Great patio, great food.  If I were a whiskey drinker I'd be in heaven but there's a decent beer selection as well, complete with a number of microbrews.  It's a perfect casual spot for young, hip Chicagoans.  The menu is limited but delicious and very affordable!! This place is popular and crowded so it'll take a while to get seated but you can hang out at the bar while you wait :)Oh mmmyyy goodness.  So good.  And get the Tacos Al Pastor.  It'll blow your mind.Lines are long for sure.  I've always had to wait, even at the walk-up window.  I can tell you that it's very very worth it though.  Enjoy!I shouldn't have looked at reviews for this place before writing my own, because the battle going on on yelp is the same battle going on in my head.  I give the service 1 star and the food 5 stars, so overall Big Star gets a 3.  I've been here twice, once to the bar/restaurant part, and once to the pickup window.  We tried the pork belly tacos, borrego tacos, chips and guacamole and the queso fundido.  All of them were delicious and I would eat all of them again!!! The drinks are fun, tasty and perfect for sitting outside.  The service on the other hand is brutal.  The other reviews are right when they say that there is always a long wait to be seated and they tell you they have no idea how long it will be.  Once we were seated, our server came around to take food and drink orders and that was about it.  It seemed like they understaffed the patio area on purpose just to make the place seem busier.  I would have had another drink or two, but it was hard enough to get the server to bring the bill (I could literally see and hear 5 groups around us compaining that the waitress had disappeared).  The taco stand section wasn't much better.  It was a 20 minute wait for them to prepare and give us our 4 tacos, chips and guac, and 2 bottles of water.Come here if you like delicious food, but don't if you don't have 2.5 hours for your wait, drink at the bar, wait, seating, waiting, ordering, waiting, eating food, waiting, waiting, paying, and then walking your cash only bill over to your server.Today my husband and I stopped by the carry out window for a total of 5 tacos to go. I had 2 tacos al pastor (pork shoulder) and my husband had 2 tacos de borrego (lamb) and 1 taco de panza (pork belly).  The tacos were terrible! Not only were they all ridiculously messy, they were extremely greasy. To top it off...none of them had any flavor!  There are significantly better fresh authentic taco stands in the Chicagoland area. This place in definitely over rated and surely not worth the wait.Definitely one of my favorite Mexican places and highly recommend, just make sure you're not stark raving hungry before you get there, because you will have wait, takeout or sitdown!I've eaten at Big Star at least a dozen times and it is always consistent with quality. It is unmarked, so most people don't know what it is. Their guac and chips are amazing, their chips are always hot and their guac is always yummo and fresh.Their pastor tacos are to die for - they have pork and pineapple but the pineapple is not too sweet, its just right.Their chicken tostadas are good too.The only thing is that they are really small and pretty pricey.They have outdoor seating for the restaurant which is, even on weekdays, at least a couple of hours wait.The other options are take out, for which they have a separate takeout window accessible from outside, which is a 10-20 minute wait depending on the timing. There are benches which are first-come first-serve for takeout food right there. So its not too bad.Overall, when I crave Mexican food, I always go here and am never disappointed with the taste and quality of their food.I've been to Big Star once or twice before, but last night was my real 'experience' of this bar. I was with a date who decided he wanted to take me to Violet Hour (which is right across the street). We'd both never been before, and I wasn't impressed, so I said "I wanna have a shot and take a piss, let's go across the street already."The vibe is very lively without being obnoxious, and is generally just fun. Although a bit busy, we still managed to find a seat at the bar. Our bartender was Michael. He was great! My date was Scottish so we all had a very in-depth conversation about bourbon and whiskey, and Michael was extraordinarily knowledgeable. He was very friendly and helpful, and did a few shots with us. My friend and I ended up having a very fun time.I eventually ordered food, and their tacos have never let me down.I considered giving a four star rating. While I love this place, I don't plan to go very often (it's an atmosphere that is probably not for the lightweight drinker). However I really enjoyed myself and would suggest this place to anyone looking for a fun, animated environment with an impressive selection of bourbon and whiskey. Five stars it is!My favorite restaurant in Chicago.  Whisky, vinyl and tex-mex.  What could be better?The drinks here are spot on.  The old fashioned I had was perfectly done; one definitely worth writing home about.  They also have  a decent and reasonably priced beer list if you plan on switching it up.  The tacos were super good and really affordable.  I would really recommend the place if you can score a seat outdoors on a nice sunny afternoon.Totally one of my new favorite places. After my husband and I went to see Machete earlier this year, I had an insane taco craving. My husband who is formerly anti-Mexican food and generally picky was skeptical, but Big Star won him over immediately. I don't know what they do to their meat, but it's insane. I love everything I have ever eaten there, and I love that everything is so inexpensive. You can get an amazing taco from the change you've scrounged up in your car (no really, I've done it). The hipster factor is high, but get over it. I do think it's best as a summer time joint - I stopped in lateish on a weekend night with a friend and it was so crowded you could barely move. We couldn't tell what was going on and how/if we could order food, so we ended up leaving. Oh well. I care not. Feed me tacos.Good food. I like bourbon, but this place is a little ridiculous.I love LOVE this place. It just seems to to hit all its marks. Drinks- delicious and STRONG and priced well for specialty cocktails ($7). I watched the bartender the other night furiously mixing drinks with such attention to detail, you knew it wasn't just the motions for him..he was intent on making the best damn Margarita/singapore sling you ever tasted! Food- I just can't get enough of those fish tostadas. WOW. The pork belly is amazing too but the fish tacos really do it for me. The fish is so fresh and white and seasoned so well you don't get any strong fish flavor. Then it's piled with cabbage or some cole slaw type of mix, and finished with this yogurt sauce that will blow your mind. It's such a perfect combo that I can't believe it only costs me $3 when 'nuveo Mexican places are charging an arm and leg for anything outside of traditional lettuce and cheese. I also love the old country music they play there...and it has a very warm aand cozy vibe.The only negatives are that it gets crowded, probably moreso in the winter when the outdoors cannot be utilized. But I went with my boyfriend on a Saturday night and we managed to grab a table and have dinner and drinks.Also, if you don't like hipsters..I would veer away. So much plaid in one singe night! :)  But again...GREAT PLACE. Also, they have a pick up window outside for the food so you can just grab it to go.$3 whiskey shot and a $1 Schlitz. That's joy.I've been here twice, and I have enjoyed the trip both times.  Tried the pork belly tacos the last time, and I was left wanting more.  The pineapple salsa on my friends taco was bursting with flavor as well.  The service is great as well.  As we were paying our bill, the bartender walked over and poured a shot of Ol' Granddad for the road (she may have heard my friend and I complaining about how bad that crap is, but points for having a sense of humor.  Free whiskey is free whiskey.)  Only complaint is the extremely aggressive manner in which they get you to leave come bar time.  I do not need some ass yelling in my ear that it is time to go, when I am clearly on my way out.  Take your aggression out on one of the hot bartenders after I leave.I'll be going back next time I'm in Chicago.Don't get me wrong, the food was very good (what little food I was given).  We started off with margaritas which were extremely strong and mixed from scratch, which made for a tart, not too sweet, and overall strong taste.  It took me forever to read the menu because it was really dark, the country music was playing way too loud to hear our waiter, who had an unnervingly happy demeanor.  I got one taco and one tostada, and split an appetizer with the table.  It was enough food, but I would have really liked free chips and salsa and maybe a side included with my tacos, but alas..there were none.  The environment was really great, but for the amount of money I paid I do not feel I received an adequate amount of food or drink.I heart Big Star. Yummy tacos at a good price topped with a laid back atmosphere. Plus it's open late on those nights you crave some food after a few drinks. It's a bummer I don't live in the neighborhood anymore.So I'm re-reviewing this place after having been there many a time since my first-visit review.  It's interesting to read the scathing reviews of the people who don't like it.  I guess I understand some of their complaints but I can't say that I haven't had anything but a good time or meal here.  Well, except for the one time I decided to forget that I'm 5'1 and 100 lbs and had 3 of their STRONG margaritas that is.  But I digress.LOVE that fish taco--definitely my favorite.  However I am a little sad they decided to 86 the grilled version and now only serve the fried one.  Both are really good but I would just like the option to have both ya know?GREAT pork belly/Panza taco.  It's pork in a heavenly form melting in your mouth.  So good.GREAT guac!  Simple and done well just the way I like it.Love the salsas, especially the red one.MEXICAN COCA-COLAAAAAAA.  The perfect beverage to compliment all the flavors dancing around in your mouth.I really do love the tunes they spin over there and I love that it's all vinyl.  It ranges from old time country to some Black Crows that I had not heard in some time and was happy to be reacquainted with.The service has never bothered me here and the food usually comes out pretty fast inside but yes, it does get very VERY packed on most evenings, even weekdays.  That's probably my only real complaint is that I wish there was more seating.As for drinks, I'm not a huuuuuge friend of tequila so I like Violet Hour and Whistler better for my drinks.  But the people that I know that really love their selection seem to like it.  And trust me, I tell no lies when I say that one drink here is worth two at other places in terms of alcohol content.  The people I unintentionally mooned on Damen can vouch for that.Tacos?  Awesome.  Margs?  Fabulous ($7 is a bit much for an ambiance of metal chairs and a table near the door, but they're strong as hell so, sure...why not).  Service?  Our piece-of-work-waitress was actually admittedly decent for a majority of the night.  In for a quick bday celebration, my 5 friends and I had 2 gals waiting on us equally the whole night.  They both had a bit of attitude, and we had to wave them down numerous times, but regardless, we each ended up with numerous tacos and margaritas on a busy evening.  At the end of the night, we settled up and tipped about 13-14%.  Not a great tip, mind you...but we didn't get great service either.  The red-headed sweetheart (apple of my eye, really) came up to us and said, with an eye roll, "were you not SATisfied with the SERrvice?"  We all agreed that it was okay.  Another eye roll and a sigh, "okay," as she stomped off.  Seriously?  Classless.  Get your shit together.  Until the service matches the tasty food, I'll stick with 3 stars, and avoid that dollface the next time I drop in.I tend to just use the walk-up window and take my food elsewhere. Getting into this place anytime after 6PM is not worth the hassle. Even during the day can be a headache. The table and bar service is hipsterer-than-thou indifferent. They do have a decent beer selection and the pitchers of margarita's are uncommonly good. Very nice whisky selection, too. But it's just difficult getting good service. I like the tacos here a great deal. The al pastor is my favorite and the pork belly is pretty tasty. The tostada pescada is delicious. The price point is reasonable. Just grab some tacos at the window and head to your local watering hole and you will have nice things to say about Big Star.I love Mexican food and this place just didn't do it for me. For starters the hostess was kind of a ditz and their dishes are 85% pork which I don't eat. They have a beef Sonoran Hot Dog wrapped in bacon as a Sonoran dog should be but when I asked if I could order it without bacon they said no as if that would have been such a hassle. I had the fish tacos and I've definitely had better. If you eat pork you might have a better experience.Food is really good.  Service extremely poor.If you want to go out and get some good grub, consider hitting up Big Star on Damen.  I've been there a couple times and always enjoyed the food, but the one time I went there to sit (the other times I went I just went to the pick up window), the service was extremely poor.  After sitting for over 15 minutes without even a menu, we had to ask the busboy if he could get us a couple - not a great way to start.  Our waitress had to cover too many tables, so we barely saw her and it took her at least another 10-15 minutes to finally ask for our order.I'm hoping they've added more servers to their staff or trained them better since my last visit.  If they get better customer service, I would definitely go more often.I fucking love Big Star.  The food is amazing, and the whiskey menu is the best in the city, miles better than either Delilah's or Longman & Eagle.  Absolutely my favorite bar in the city, just wish it wasn't so crowded.Al pastor tacos with pineapple and cilantro... HEAVEN in your mouth. 'Nuff said. Also LOVE the tilapia tacos. There is an amazing skinny southern dude bartender who totally knows his stuff. If you ever want to talk tequilas with him, he's your man. My two compaints with Big Star: cash only and always overcrowded, which makes it super hard to get a table. Good for them for keeping it packed, though.Tacos, whiskey, beer -- everything RULES about this place. except.the insanely LOUD noise level. do NOT come here if you want to have a conversation with someone at night or when the outdoor patio is not open. it is DEAFENING and the only reason they have lost my patronage.it's like going to a Rock Show with cheap gourmet tacos. Enjoy!Great casual/comfortable environment with variety of beer options, good tequila (Herradura!) and some good food options.I want desperately to like this place but I just don't.  I have been twice now and each time left disappointed for a different reason.  We went to order food from the takeout window and get a drink or two.  We were informed that we couldn't have drinks in the patio near the take out window (bizarre rule I just don't understand) but there was a huge wait for the other patio so we just decided to eat and then head inside for a margarita. My tacos were dry and just alright.  I mean I expected to be blown away and I wasn't.  For my money I have to say the tacos at  La Lagartija taste better and are less trendy/pretentious.  When we finally made it inside and got a drink I was served quite possibly the worst margarita I have ever had in life.Great tacos, but the pinto beans stole the show for me.Tried a pork belly taco, a pastor taco, guacamole and the pinto beans.  The beans were really good, the best pinto beans I have ever had in a restaurant.  Really good guacamole too, lots of lime and cilantro.Best spot in the city for margaritas, fresh mexican, and dollar schlitzs.  Amazing outdoor area that will be PACKED every nice day out weekday or weekend.  If you go a must get is the queso dip with chirizo and peppers, very good.  great first date spot as well.Foods great and specials are great but most of the staff was either rude or incompetent. Some of the worst service I've had in Chicago. i would like to make a point of saying the food was really enjoyable and came quickly. The host refused to give us an estimated seat time and ended up waiting over an hour. This is not a way to create repeat customers. The pork tacos came out on the same plate as the vegetarian tacos because of this pork ended up in the vegetarian tacos.  If there was a 'douchey' choice for ambience that would also be checked. The clientele was pretty diverse though.I love this place, so cool that makes me feel I'm in CA. The food is good and the michelada is amazing. I love going there on a sunny day to socialize!I went there for the first time on Friday, at about 5:00pm.  It was busy, but not terrible, we put our name on the list, went to the bar, ordered a pitcher of margaritas and was seated soon after.  The food was great, but it was a little pricey and the menu is very limited.  They basically have a couple different kind of tacos, tostadas, and chips/salsa or guac.  The ingredients were good, but given the size of things,  you'll pay a lot if you're hungry.  I wouldn't recommend it for a full-on dinner, but it's a great place for drinking, snacking, and people watching in the summer time.  The pitcher of margaritas was $30, but it was tasty and pretty strong.The service was pretty good, basically what you would expect for a laid back taco joint.  Since most of the seating is outside on their patio, I'm not sure how this would be in the winter time, the indoor seating is very limited.  As a dog person, I was happy to see that they were welcome on the patio, and given that I was sitting to a huge doberman, they do not discriminate against any breed.  ;)  Good place, but I don't know if I'd wait 3 hours for a table here...  Honestly, if you spend that much time in the bar before eatting you're not even going to remember the food, just saying...I love Big Star!  The staff is always enthuiastic and really nice.  I like that the portions are small so that I can try a bit of everything or get full and only spend $6.  The guacamole is really great and I love the homemade chips!  I also appreciate that they have a take out window!  Whenever I have friends of family visiting I always bring them here! :)Good but not great food. Jam packed and great for people watching. Long lines. We waited 2 hours, though it was supposed to be an hour. Cheap beer and solid mixed drinks. Overall I'd say there's better drinks and tacos to be had...not worth the hype.Great pastor tacos. Great drinks (paloma and margaritas are top notch). AMAZING chips and guac. Only problem is the place is always packed, and thus, I don't dine here as much as I should.I may even give this place 5 stars after I have been here more than once!  The Tacos de Pescado and Tostada de Calabacitas are muy delicioso!  Service it speedy and friendly at the bar.  They play fun music on vinyl, and in the summer, it is open-air and breezy.  I had an excellent experience here at Big Star!  Check it out!!Clearly not the best tacos in the world but for a slightly more upscale taco (and I'm talking only about the pork belly taco and maybe the al pastor or fish) I would rec. it.  The nachos were really hard or stale. I couldn't tell.  But the real reason to hang, just so long as it's not too long of a wait, is for the patio in the summer and the music and drinks in the winter. It just feels good inside and although I miss the old Pontiac cafe more so when I step inside, I can't say that the new bar and grill is that much worse. PS If you hate long lines or crowded places try a different place or try it on off peak timesCame back a month after our first visit--much chillier outside now! We tried to get a table inside, not knowing you need a minimum of four people; they're all booths and they won't seat fewer than four people in them. We were a twosome, so we waited for a table under a heat lamp outside, which worked out great. Fun scene, great tacos, good beer selection, great people-watching... but I guess we won't come back until the weather's warmer, or we'll bring two friends with us.At this point in my life there are two things that I can honestly and uniquely say I love about Chicago more than anything else... Wicker Park and Big Star. And I can't wait to try Violet Hour!!This place has been my lemming for a while, but it's always packed!  The atmosphere is very loud and crowded.  I can't speak for the service here, because we ordered at the window for takeout as the wait was 2 hours.  This may actually be a better route if you're into a more chill environment.  They don't serve alcohol at the window, but they have the rest of the menu.  I expected the tacos to be amazing, but they were just okay.  I think the authentic corner taco stand tastes much better and you can avoid the pretension.This place is okay.  Caters to the clientele from the area who probably haven't wondered into to many taco places in Mexican neighborhoods.  The tacos are small and overpriced.  Tasty but nothing spectacular.  The positives is that they are open late, but there is always a wait.  If you're by the area I would recommend La Pasadita on Ashland over this place. It doesn't have the vibe this place does but it does have the flavor and the amazinly tender meat.The pescado makes any day a good day, and for that I will keep coming back. My Big Star philosophy is go early and plan to stay for a long time - this is a Friday-at-2pm kind of place (definitely not one to which you'd show up at 8 pm and try to squeeze your way in). That said, when you're there, the food, drinks, and vibe are all great, and this is one of my favorite Chicago spots.I just want to start off by saying that there ARE Latino people who go to Big Star, Ryan C.  I am one of them!  Anyway, I recommend the fish tacos and the guacamole.  They are so limey, which I love!  Do not try their Mexican hot chocolate.  It did not taste like chocolate as all and was gross!Really you can't do a chicken taco!!! You just lost my business.  If I loved pork I would be in hog heaven.  Alas I swore off beef, pork, and anything fried or greasy to help with my numerous digestive problems and I'm now off medication!  Let me also preface this by saying I lived for three years on the mexican border in el paso.  My standards for mexican food are high but at a place like this they are kinda low.  I was surprised to find the guac was awesome but the menu was not.  there was pork in almost everything!! I was told that even though they had chicken tostada and pork tacos they could not put the chicken on a taco! Ok I will not be back as simple as that.  My group of seven left rather hungry even though we had a food bill over $100.  We couldn't drink because it was a work day, during work hours, we were in our company cars, and our supervisor was with us.  I felt that even though it was 1:00 pm we were pushed alcohol.  Finally we had to say we won't be drinking and I think our service suffered.  This is a bar with food not a restaurant with a bar!Great cheap tacos. If I lived closer I would be there on a daily basis!Very good, cheap gourmet tacos, excellent selection of beer, whiskey, tequila, and more. Classic country plays from a turntable behind the bar. The staff works together like a well-oiled machine. It's loud and crowded and cash-only. They have a great takeout window too. Killer pork belly tacos, veggie tacos, and more. The patio in the summer is probably the best outdoor drinking in Wicker Park.the tacos? AMAZING! the drinks? AMAZING the crowd?OK...overall best damn place for drinks and tacos aroundAlways a good time here! Big Star margarita is a rock star, made with tequila and mescal. Earthy and soooo delish. Food comes out fast and gooood. Friendly and attentive service. Always good people watching. Don't forget, Cash Only!Best tacos in Wicker. Well comparing to Flash taco, that's for sure. Everytime I go, it's always packed, seating is very limited. It's definitely a good spot for a fish taco pick up and some drinks.Dudes.  Big Star is SO. GOOD.  I love this place. A couple of things to know before you go there, though: it is ALWAYS busy.  I have never seen this place not completely bustling.  Their patio during the summer makes me wonder if anyone in this city works during the day.  Also, it's cash only.  Kind of a bummer, but if you know that before you go there, you can just grab some cash beforehand. Their tacos are amazeballs.  I can never decide if I prefer the tacos al pastor or de panza because both are delicious.  Their guacamole is seriously amazing, but I recommend getting it to split between a bigger group because it's a little expensive. They also advertise their daily specials on Facebook, and they're usually awesome. Their micheladas and margaritas are delicious, and their bartenders are friendly and excellent at their job.  Food comes up quickly and it's always prepared perfectly. The honky tonk music and sparse decorating give the place a distinct Texan vibe, and you won't really ever want to leave.  And if you're not feeling the bar scene, or you just want to grab a quick bite, you can order at the window outside and grab a seat on one of the picnic benches.I generally can get a seat at the bar when I go which is usually early to mid afternoon during the week. Every bartender there has been cool especially Gina and Susan. They are super informative about the food and whiskey selections of which there are many. There are even ways to spice up an horchata or their Dulce De Leche milkshake. I have eaten there many times and usually get a Taco De Panza and a Taco De Pescado with guac and chips. Everything tastes fresh and flavorful. The quality is consistent. Big Star has really grown on me and is one of my favorite places for a mid day drink.First time I went here after living in Chicago for two years (gasp, bad I know). Arrived around 7:20 on a Saturday night - still had a 20-ish minute wait in the cold (not a negative against the place, just something to be aware of). We never ended up getting a table when we got inside but were quite content with a few stools and a section of the counter that wraps against the exterior walls. We ordered from the bar tender (whom knew his beers, respect bro) and the food came out quick - the tacos were good (tried the fish taco and pork belly) but not as "mind-blowing" as everyone made them out to be .. have had better tacos in the city (fish was better than the pork though, mostly due to the sauce on it). The margaritas were delicious, and be aware that they are freakin' strong (which I doubted, which was stupid, which bit me in the a** later). Would definitely go back.Excellent menu, wonderful food, decent price given what tacos cost in big cities everywhere except Texas and Cali.when you go to big star, i highly suggest the pork belly tacos! though al pastor tacos are my fav kinds by far, the pineapple in the ones here over took the taste of the pork and made it quite sweet. still worth a try though. atmosphere is good though the music can be too loud! people conversate either by yelling or whispering ear to ear. it was pretty difficult to talk to the whole table. all in all a good experience!The best!I've been back several times since my original 2 star  review....     Though the pick-up window hasn't improved much....   inside has.  I've had most of the menu and the food is great and comes out quick.  Drinks are strong.     I've seen that this restaurant is way better when it isn't slammed.The service is not great, but I'm solely reviewing on the food. Love the Tacos here. My favorite is the fish tacos. They are flavorful and cooked perfectly. The slaw makes the taco even better. The homemade salsas are delicious and not too spicy. I have also had the potato tacos -- a tip, if you're vegetarian and getting the potato tacos.. ask for the cabbage slaw on the side - adds a crisp and makes the taco taste better! Decently priced for a taco joint. Get there early -- seats go fast! Decent whiskey bar!While maybe Midwesterners think these are great tacos, they are not. They are subpar if you've ever been to Texas or California. Go on a weekend afternoon and get food to go. Never go on a weekend evening. I went around 11 p.m. on a Saturday during my second visit. First, we waited in line for 20 minutes just to physically get into the restaurant. Then, once in, there was an additional hour wait to get a table. Everyone was clustered around the bar.If you're from the Midwest and don't know good Mexican, sure these are good. But they are nothing spectacular and do not warrant an hour wait.plain and simple - good bar selection, fun and hip ambiance, tasty mexican fare, but the overcrowding and potential for long waits brings it down one star. This is no fault of their own - I think other businesses should invest more in decor - this is what gives Big Star the competitive advantage. The second star comes from the attitude - they weren't total jerks, but that was a bit of an arrogant vibe from those employed by Big Star. I witnessed a patron getting scolded for taking some spare chairs off of their stack of spare chairs... piece of cake getting a two-top, but often times you want to take a group of friends somewhere like this, and its a headache to do so - and if you need some extra chairs at your table, why is that such a big deal?haven't tried the walkup window,  but I love that option. will likely be back with the lady, but probably wont bring/meet friends here.If it wasn't such a hassle to actually sit down here, it would have more stars.  The tacos are good, but not better than some of the other options in the 'hood like Antique Taco and original gangsta Los Comales.  But, the whiskey puts Big Star over the edge -- great selection.  Just stay away on Friday and Saturday nights -- not worth the hassle.Love Big Star more and more each time I go!Food would taste better,  if they didnt sh#t on you right when you walked in.  Other then the staff,  food is a 3.5 above the avg.Truly one of my favorite spots in Chicago. While you're probably going to wait for a seat on a busy night, you're time won't be spent in boredom. This is because the bar is fantastic and staffed by courteous, knowledgeable bartenders. The tacos are some of the best I've had. The servers are friendly, and once you've placed your order with them, the service itself is surprisingly fast. After coming here probably over 20 times in the last year and a half, I've never once had a bad visit. Highly recommended.Love the  tacos!  Great  outdoor  space! Be  prepared  to  wait  as  this  place is   hoppin. Took away 2 stars because they were out of guacamole! at a taco joint? shamefulGood place to take out of town guests.  They always love the place.  We have been there more than a handful of times and I have to say that food is ok.  We love the michelada...I always order it.  Unfortunately, the other drinks...blah.  They leave a lot to be desired.  There's a lot of inconsistency with the pours, and pray to God you catch the bartender in a good mood so they end up filling your glass up to the rim, just like nature intends!All the Big Star Hype had me really excited for my first visit, about a month and a half ago. The line around the block had me not so excited. But I pretty much expected it, so my boyfriend and I decided to get tacos to go. His chicken taco was all dark meat and the creme was curdled. The whole taco smelled rancid. We didn't want to be "those people" and the place was mobbed so we just bailed. My second visit I had my fingers crossed that was a fluke. This time my friends and I also decided to grab tacos to go. The Frijoles Charros tasted like baked beans from a can. And the two tiny flour tortillas weren't even enough for the money I paid. In short, this place is overpriced and overrated. You won't catch me at Big Star again. Who knows, the restaurant might be better, but I'll sure as hell never wait on line to find out.Great Bar, but I really wanted to love the tacos al pastor.  Unfortunately having spent much time in Mexico they just aren't there.  I little too chunky.  Otherwise loved the food and atmosphere.  Remember its cash only.Food is excellent.  Service can be hit or miss, but that comes with the territory when a place is that busy.  Cool scene.  If you're serious about eating there, i suggest going at a time when they're not terribly busy so you can get a seat at the bar and have a little room.  The only time i've found that to be the case is early.  Overall, i highly recommend it.I love this place to go meet with a friend and talk over beer and tacos. Yes, the tacos are small but the food is delicous.  I love the salsas and guacamole.  I would recommend this place as a fun meeting place for friends as there are a lot of young folks doing just that!Just drinks tonight but we had a great experience. Our bartender comped us for one of the last drinks because they were all out.It's loud and crowded but still has a comfortable feel.  Really simple and straightforward.  I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because we didn't try any food.  If you want a good time without breaking the bank, this is your place.  Make sure you get the bartender that looks like Mark Ruffalo.Also, you'll never find another bar in Wicker Park with $1 beers as  standard fare.Love this place!! It's such a great concept and well executed. The music and chill environment make up for the lack of seating options. For those that can't wait for a bar stool they have a pickup window for you to order your food to go. As for the cash only policy get over it. I love their limeade my husband and his friends love the new and improved Schlitz drafts for $3. The pork belly tacos are awesome as are their chips (which they make in house) served hot with tasty guacamole. I would also recommend getting the fish but in a taco its easier to eat then the tostada. This is a great neighborhood spot and its only going to get better when they have their outdoor seating.Big star is lucky there food is tasty.   I have been there twice and was treated like crap. The staff is rude (minus the host, he was nice), the atmosphere sucks and they don't carry Jamison or kettle one.  A taco short when u get home freaking sucks too! Boo for big star!I first tried Big Star when it first opened. I noticed the long lines outside of the restaurant waiting by the pick-up window during the winter so I figured it had to be good. And it smelled amazing from the train! Not bad, but not the best I have ever had. I went this past weekend to go eat there with a friend and of course the line was obscene since the weather was gorgeous and they have outdoor seating. We actually ended up going across the street to Penny's Noodles after their failed wait system and me just not feeling the need to waste time waiting for food that is anything less than amazing. I'm thinking that instead of having people wait in line for 20 minutes just to put your name on a list to wait another 30 or more is a bit ridiculous and not well thought out. The 2 people at the front, one is stationary at the front who only takes names and one macho security guard who stands there and checks i.d.'s., is not really working out; especially during busy times where you have extra long lines. New plan!I recently happened upon this establishment and it absolutely made my weekend.  There's a great vibe to Big Star.  It oozes an old school tex mex, spaghetti western kind of vibe that complements the fantastic food and drink.  House margaritas with Herradura tequilla?  Unbelievable!  The only problem it may have is that it's too cool.  I got there early and grabbed a booth and before long the place was packed.  I will be back again and again and again...Tacos are tasty, atmosphere is hopping and decor is fresh and local.  The pork belly tacos are particularly flavorful.  The margaritas could use a little more flavor than tequila, but that's easy to overcome with everything else that's going right with this spot.  Wish we had one of these in San Francisco.All right.So after reading scathing review after scathing review directed at the main restaurant, I had to put my foot down. Though I have yet to dine at the main restaurant (and judging by the constant slew of quasi-hipsters and general douche-baggery filtering in and out, I don't really intend to), I have to shine a spotlight on the real unsung hero of this establishment: the take-out window next door.First of all, let me say that those brave souls manning the window put up with a lot of bullsh*t. If I had to deal with long lines of drunken yahoos for hours every night, I would go insane. So props to the window staff, they do their best to keep things moving efficiently among the chaos and still manage to keep relatively cool. Second, I don't think I've ever had better tacos in my life. I don't live anywhere near Wicker Park without having to make an at least 40-minute trek to get there, but I will come solely for those mouth-watering Al Pastor tacos. The reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is the consistency of quality among the menu items. I've had other things from the menu, and though good, they just don't quite match up. If everything on the menu were as good as the Al Pastor Tacos, I would be there every single day.So rock on, Big Star take-out window, and continue to outshine your obnoxiously loud and overly-crowded affiliate. I move for a secession?Love this place! New Taco place for sure. Reminds me of home... Native Texan here... I felt like my family was in the back cooking lol, yes everyone in the kitchen is mexicano (at least when I went they all were). If you are displaced Texan and want some Norteno style Tacos, this is the place to hit up. Defiantly not a spotfor people who are from the Chipolte side of the fence. You will not be getting a huge American sized burrito!Keep doing what you are doing Big Star!The food is great (and cheap). It is very hard to get a table during a prime eating hour. Luckily, my family and I arrived around 5pm the weekend of the Air and Water Show so we were able to get a table. Inside it is very noisy so don't come here if you want an intimate setting.For $2-3/taco this is one of the best deals in the city. You can't even get something that cheap at Taco Bell.Thought it was kind of over rated.  El Pastor was very good, drinks were strong and the wait was long even on a Tuesday night.  I think they need to come up with a new system for taking names (cell phone #s), it doesn't seem very efficient as there were often tables open for 20+ minutes during our 1 hour wait for a table.I like Big Star - the taco's are great - el pastor and el pollo are my favorite.  If you order a cocktail, they use huge square ice cubes (real rocks).. love it!  The specialty beers are great - Tacate with hot sauce and lots of lime (YUM!)..I would suggest getting there early.. the tables tend to fill up early and the wait staff don't try and rush you out.. this can be a good and a not so good thing depending if you are waiting for a table or are already seated.  I have not had bad service - but some of the employees do have an "attitude" when it comes to wait.. there is a bit of arrogance in the people at the door and seriously, how many people does it take to monitor a gate?  There is a minimum of 3 people monitoring "Crowd Control".If you're in the neighborhood and don't want to wait for a table, there is also an option to order at the "take away" window where you can take your taco's to the park and enjoy a picnic.Great bourbon selection and the tacos (pork belly and braised lamb) were amazing.  I'm not a onion fan so it was nice that the tacos can special ordered here unlike ordering from the walk up window next door.On a warm, 80-degree October night, my friends and I - wait, what?!  80 degrees in October?!  Yes, my friends, it was splendid.  Just like my dinner at Big Star!We had about an hour wait, and luckily found 4 seats at the back of the bar.  Our bartendress was awesome.  We got a pitcher of the "lemonade" and it was the most generous pour of Wild Turkey that I have ever seen.  They do not cheap out on the drinks here, no ma'am.  When we were finally seated outside on that balmy night, boy, were we hungry!  We had shared the chips and guac at the bar amongst the four of us, which was very filling and sublimely lime-y.  But I was still starving!  The chica from the other couple and I decided that we would just order one of everything on the menu, two of every taco, sans the vegetarian taco.  Loves:- Tacos Al Pastor (marinated, spit roasted pork shoulder, grilled pineapple, grilled onion, cilantro)- Tacos De Panza (crispy, braised pork belly, tomato guajillo sauce, queso fresco, onion, cilantro)- Queso Fundido (melted queso Chihuahua, rajas poblano, housemade chorizo, fresh tortillas)- Ensalada De Big Star (hearts of Romaine, radish, black bean, cucumber, red onion, avocado, toasted pumpkin seeds, mint, queso fresco, chile-ranch dressing)- Chips and guac- Bartendress and her amazing pours- Music / vibe- Location- Tortillas- Prices!Likes:- Tinga De Pollo (wood grilled chicken thigh, chorizo, tomato, garlic, chipotle salsa, crema, lettuce, queso fresco)- Tostada De Pescado - all of my companions might have loved this the most  (wood grilled basa, cucumber-onion yogurt, radish, cabbage, red onion, avocado)- Frijoles Charros (stewed pinto beans, bacon, poblano peppers, tomato, onion, cilantro, queso fresco, fresh tortillas)Disappointments:- Sonoron Hot Dog - (crispy, bacon wrapped, all beef hot dog, pinto beans, lime mayo, mustard, onions, hot sauce, on a bolillo roll).  We took 2 bites and sent it back.  Too hard to eat and tasted like, well, hot dog.  Too gimmicky- Tostada De Chorizo - (house made chorizo, crispy potatoes, refritos, crema, queso fresco)  I dont think it was necessarily bad, but I really cant remember.  So, not memorable.  I understand the need to have chorizo on this menu though...As you can see, we ate a LOT.  My boyfriend literally would not share the Tacos De Panza with me...I only had one bite since he said we would "go bite for bite."  I'll never fall for that one again...at least not at Big Star!Technically, 3.5 stars, but who's counting? You! The Pork Tacos are fantastic, but that's all I really tried because I was annoyed at the RULES at the pick up window. No exceptions or modifications. So if you have an allergy or don't like something, TOUGH. I don't get it. The tacos are made right there in front of the window. So why no changes? This simple fact, coupled with there is minimal seating inside (and those who sit outside on nice days sit for hours), made me less of a fan. Maybe mid winter, at 11 am when they open I'll eventually get a seat and try again.The fish tostada makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  I also loved the spicy margarita and massive bourbon selection.  Thank you Lisa for the fabulous service at the bar.SHHHHEEEYYYEAAHHHAA!!! Big Star has awesome Tacos, delicious guac, good beer, cheap beer, and a massive bourbon selection.  I'm in love.  Only reason its not getting 5 stars is that when the patio is closed they only have like 4 tables and a few high tops and its always packed with hipsters.  Damn Hipsters!!  Big me likey.Pontiac, RIP.  We miss you.  Big Star is a great replacement.  The most significant upgrade is the fact that there is more than one toilet.  Food is a winner and the beer is great if you can get a glass.  Come prepared to wait and wait and wait.  Bring good friends to pass the time off while you wait on a table.Absolutely amazing! We got there and were told there was going to be a long wait because we had about 8 people.  They got us in so fast! We sat within 15 minutes of arriving, and they were swamped.  The food came fast and was absolutely delicious!  I can't wait to return!!!Great, simply great.  Good prices, and fantastic flavors.  Try the tacos, guac and milkshakes.  Very crowded, so get there early.Any place that has whiskey and chorizo practically side-by-side on their menu is fine by me. Thanks Big Star, I love you and all of your hot taco goodness. Oh, my vegetarian friend likes you too because you made her a black bean torta. Although, it's unclear whether or not the beans were made with lard. I won't tell (=Busy, yes, but well worth checking out anyway! The bartenders, servers, even the food runners are exceptional. The tacos are delicious (mmmm al pastor...) and the drinks are incredible (mezcal and chocolate bitters? sign me up!). This place is awesome.Being from Texas, I loved this place! Didn't love the salsa though, but the chicken tostadas I had were fantastic! Our waiter, Peter, was super, super friendly! He made the experience even better! Our drinks were also super strong, which is always a plus! Yummy stuff! Cash only though..which sucks.. oh wellI was here last weekend for the first time. I liked the tacos, but it wasn't anything special and not cheap!Hipsters serving tacos to yuppies sums it up. It was extremely loud inside too.Why is this place so popular?Moved to the city in July, This is my favorite spot in the city, there is usually a long wait but it is worth it every single time!!Just OK for me.Outdoor seating in the summer = a plus. Friendly waitress, was tentative. Guacamole was great, some of the veg tacos were good. I ordered some fish tacos (the waitress said they are not at all fishy) but I definitely found them fishy. So, was not a fan.I'd go back again for the outdoor seating and a beer.Overall, for the hype this place gets, I don't see the excitement.get the schlitz with a shot of minero mezcal and a few tacos and you'll be on heaven!!! with only a few bucks!!  music could be better.....don't get the old country style.....maybe more indie southern stuff could go great with the neighborhood.Love the tacos, particularly the tostada, whatever it happens to be at that time. Pork belly taco amazingness.Holy pork belly tacos!Ok, the good first. Tacos were tasty, if small. Margaritas were good (read: potent). But the host acted like a night club door man. I was meeting friends who had arrived early and was asked to prove it by calling from my phone to have one come up the front. Unreal. Has anyone else ever been to another restaurant that asked you to prove you were meeting people? Perhaps he could have walked in with me to see? But no.  And when my girlfriend came to the front, a final jab: "See? Was that so hard?" No, it wasn't, but  that's NOT THE POINT A-HOLE! The point is this: congratulations on your success, but it doesn't mean you should forget to be grateful to your customers. There's 700 places with good tacos in Chicago - and I could have chosen any of them, but I chose yours. So be courteous. Is that so hard?But don't worry, I won't make the mistake again of choosing your restaurant.Amazing. Be prepared to wait a long time to be seated--no reservations and always packed--but once you get your food you'll realize why it is always crowded. The margaritas were delicious; they made the wait more bearable.Pork belly tacos were to die for. Fundido and guac were a great warmup. The fish taco had great texture but lacked some flavor, even though the fish was good I feel it needed a little more pizzazz. I also really loved that they had Gumball Head on tap, not usually a fan of wheat beers but that really hit the spot on a hot summer evening. Our waiter was incredibly friendly and attentive (shaved head and suspenders). Crowd was a good mix with plenty of eye candy. I'll definitely be back.Food is excellent! Best tacos in the city of Chicago! Guacamole is stellar! Service is terrible. Servers are rude and you have to wait a while to get food and drink. But I'll say this, if you're willing to overlook the fact that the people serving you are a little to cool for school, the food is worth it! My husband works in the restaurant industry and is a complete foodie, so we'll take great food over service. Proceed at your own risk depending on what you look for in a dining experience. But seriously, BEST tacos ever!Amazing food- amazing drinks- Great staff!!!There aren't that many great taco places in Chicago and Big Star is tasty but it's far from great and waiting for these tacos is just not worth it most of the time. There are tons of places in Pilsen that are almost as tasty for way less and no wait.We got to go from their take out window because the wait was too long for the restaurant half. (a plus in my opinion to have a special take out window for that reason or for late night eats). Their tacos are pricey (for tacos) but worth the money. We tried all 4 of their tacos and The taco el pastor was my favorite. The pork shoulder was cooked perfectly and went perfectly with the grilled pineapple bits. Not too spicy. A great taco. The taco de pescado was great too. Loved the spicy mayo they put on it. The guacamole was tasty and very fresh.Location, location, location. The food is awesome & fast. Libations are super & affordable. The flip flop wearing bartender's personality was as shallow as my beer glass. It's really never a good sign when your server was too lazy to put on shoes for work. I watched all of the staff stand around and mope while I & several other patrons sat thirsty. The staff's attitude ruins your appetite and quite frankly makes all it's good points moot.The food and atmosphere are perfect. Definitely not your traditional taco spot, but with Big Star the bar has been set high. Friendly, fast service and the tacos are spot on. If I lived in Chicago this would be a regular spot for me.I came here with my boyfriend not too long ago, since it was talked about so much.  Overall, it was a decent place.  The portions were decent (but what is up with just 1 tortilla on the tacos? don't get me wrong, but there is usually 2 tortillas per taco, but I'll let it slip), the location was alright, overall, it was good.  This restaurant seemed like the place to be, but honestly, it seemed like a "hipster central" to me.I've been meaning to get to Big Star for some time now, mostly at the recommendation of one of my fellow restaurant managers.  She's a self-proclaimed foodie and really does have a knack for finding cool and often off-the-beaten-path places in Chicago.  And more times than not, when she gets to leave work early she's bragging that she's stopping at Big Star for some take-home tacos.I made it out to Wicker Park this afternoon and was at first a little confused about how to get in to Big Star.  There's what appears to be a walk-up window (which would have been perfect for me), but it must only be open during peak hours or in good weather.  I finally made it inside and felt like I was in a big empty room with a bar stuck right in the middle.  That's what it is, actually; it's simple, straightforward, and no-hassle.  I found a spot at the bar and ordered a Shiner Bock, which ended up complimenting my food perfectly.For my first time, I opted to go traditional: two tacos de pescado (fish), and two tacos de panza (pork belly).  They arrived piping hot only a few minutes after I ordered, served on top of deli wrap and a plastic plate.  Simple.  And the tacos?  Absolutely delicious.  Freshly-made, heaped with the protein and a matching "slaw."  The pork belly was salty and balanced with queso fresco and a little fresh lime juice; the beer battered tilapia was moist on the inside and crispy on the outside, served with a chipotle mayo, cilantro, and cabbage.  A really nice balance of spice (not heat, but spice) and sweet/tangy.The two bartenders who were serving me were attentive but not all over me; the bar itself was filled with mostly casual-looking people, either grabbing a quick bite after leaving work early or meeting up with friends for a late afternoon snack.  A nice vibe.  And they were playing records on a real record player--very conducive to the hipster ambiance.Red Star will be at the top of my list to take people looking for quick, no-hassle, really tasty, interesting food.To Salty, to salty, to salty almost had a heart attack, yuck!  Plus the staff are dressed up boogies with poop between the ears.  They all need hearing aids and glasses.Fish tacos and cheladas are superb!Tacos rule. This place kicks ass.If you can get past the all the hipsters trying way too hard to look the part, the food is pretty damn good. Tasty and creative tacos fill the menu. The guac is very good. The queso fundido is fattening and excellent. Love the mixed drinks especially the jalapeno infused margs.Definitley A - OK in my book.  Good stuff.The pork belly tacos are simple some of the best tortilla encased food you will ever taste. Amazing. People have complained about the service but to be honest, I've had nothing but great interactions with the staff, luck perhaps.Big Star - why do you have to be so tasty, but yet so obnoxious?  I was driven to write a review today as I had one of the most infuriating experiences at the take out window.  Normally, I brush off the rude, indifferent service, the annoyingly long/vague wait time, shut up, and eat my gauc and tacos de panza.  I ra by the take out window today for dinner, ordered my regulars tacos with chips and guacamole.  The window attendant informed me that guac is now offered only inside.  As she said this, there were no less than 10 orders of guacamole sitting there, ready to be ordered.  Confused as to this new, obnoxious rule, I asked why.  The answer:  "you can only order it inside".  "Can I walk inside, order it, and leave?"  "No".  So bewildered and incredibly confused, I noted the waiting orders...."So, you can't just put one of those in a take-away container??"  "No".  Big Star, please tell me WHY this is a rule, and why why WHY your employees are so incredibly unhelpful to the point of being rude and dismissive.  Rather than explaining some type of reasonable explanation of why they could only serve a listed menu item INDOORS, she looked at me as if I had just asked her to recite the alphabet backwards in under 10 seconds. I left with my tacos, went to Jewel, and made my own guacamole, vowing to get to the bottom of this utterly ridiculous new Big Star rule.  If anyone knows the answer, please enlighten me!!Great service, great atmosphere, BEST fish tacos ive ever had in my life, best beer, great selection of micros for a decent price. Only complaint was that we couldnt get a table and thats hardly anything to complain about. This place is phenomenal!great location, strong margaritasthats about it...the menu is small, mainly offering tacos, but there beer and liquor list is pretty extensive if you like whiskey/bourbon and tequlia. staff is hit or miss, but for the most part, if you could care less about service, its a great place!Yup love this place. GREAT tacos obviously, and great margaritas.. the one downside is it can be a pain to get in during peek times.. but usually we don't have trouble getting a spot. I love going here for the food and drinks no doubt. guach = heavenBig Star was really good as a bar for whiskey, tacos, and country & western music on the turntable.It's so popular now that it's too loud to hear the music, but it's still good for tacos and whiskey. And margaritas. And beers. Tacos come out very quickly once you're inside.And if it's too crowded or the wait is too long, don't whine about it- get tacos to go and eat them in the park.Tried to go here for dinner a few weeks back - super nice out and thus super crowded. We put our name in (gave the bouncer my name [Leah] and he just looked at me until I said another easier-to-spell name, which he promptly scribbled down) and said we'd wait by the bar. Jostled out no matter where we stood (bartenders were AWESOME), we drank for an hour and then asked a passing host if he could let us know how much longer we'd be waiting, to which he replied "I'm not your errand boy. Go ask at the front." Yikes. The hostess at the front looked at the list of patrons waiting for tables and said "there are 35 parties in front of you." OK - any idea how long the wait is? "Could be 45 minutes, could be 4 hours." Eek. The last straw was the food runner's request that I hold our steaming appetizer, rather than set it on the bar (took up room). We left w/out being seated, and while I'm bummed we didn't get to eat (atmosphere was vibrant and fun!), I can't hang out somewhere that's snobby just for the sake of being snobby. Big Star, your attitude does not a fun night make.Decent food, good booze, pompous staff and more hipsters than I can shake a stick at. Head to Antique Tacos down Milwaukee....much better choice.Great place for tacos out on the patio, try the pork belly. Delicious.Half the reason I moved to wicker park! Ok maybe that's a bit of an overstatement but their tacos are legit. $3 each you don't feel bad eating more than a few. I wish it wasn't so packed. I remember when it first opened and it wasn't too bad, but sometimes when I'm inside the bar I get claustrophobic from so many people. The panic attack usually goes away after a margarita.Fun spot...decent food. Cool crowdThe pork belly tacos are amazing, but the service at Big Star is quite poor. On Sunday night I accidentally left my purse under the bar. I ran all the way back to Big Star in heels and asked to retreive my bag. A disgruntled employee kept telling me' "You have to call us tomorrow" I think this is unacceptable behavior considering they were getting ready to close and I could see my purse from outside. After much shouting about how I needed my purse (my purse has my wallet, my ID, my school ID, credit card, basically my whole life) I eventually was let into the bar area to take my purse. Another man left his wallet at a booth in Big Star only to get the same answer "Call tomorrow" He was from out of town and was leaving the next day, so I felt sorry for that poor guy. The bearded guy with the red plaid shirt was not friendly, when my friend and I were leaving he kept bothering us to leave before we could close out.Ok what is up with used limes at the walk up! I thought it was a fluke that I was given used limes the first time I went there, but it happened again - used limes wrapped in tin foil with my tacos. What is the point?! Why give out limes if you are only going to give out used limes with brown edges. Tackiest thing ever. Apart from that, the tacos are pretty darn good.Try the fish tacos! Some of the best I've had in this city. De Cera is a close second. Great service, yummy margaritas and guac, too. You may have to wait on the weekends but its worth it. Food comes quickly and the bar is big enough to grab a drink and enjoy while you wait.Awesome food. Little expensive for tacos but that seems to be the trend.  The patio is great during the summer.  Not a big fan of the drink list though.I love street food and was really excited to try this place. I went there on a weekday for lunch with a friend. We sat at one of the plastic-made-to-look-like-wood-cheaper-than-IKEA booths and were soon "greeted" by our ridiculous looking hipster hostess who never took off her sunglasses. If only I could be so kool! We were given water and menus. Um, that's it? That's all you have to offer? Excuse me, where are the steak tacos? You offer lamb tacos, but I can't get a steak taco? Are you kidding me? And then there is the price, $2-$3 for a taco? I thought this was street food? So I settle for an al pastor taco, a nopales taco, and chips to share. Chips come. Where's the sauce? Oh, it's in the squeeze bottles at the end of the table. Where's the bowl? Oh, you don't have those. I have to get my greasy chip fingers all over the squeeze bottles with each chip. Awesome! Tacos come. One tortilla each? Don't you know how to make tacos? I'm paying twice the price of a taco anywhere else, and you are shorting me a tortilla! Big Star, you disappoint me. RIP Pontiac Cafe!I'd like one of those Margaritas today!!! Get their early if you want a seat.what i like about this place:* the tacos are tasty* mixed drink list is good and interesting. my favorite is the sasparilla sling* good for socializing and possibly meeting new people. you can mill about a bit, and see across the bar* outdoor patio handles the overflow on warm days/nights* table service/bar service (sort of...  can be sketchy at times)* good whiskey selection*no televisions* the service isn't *always* sketchy. it seems the company has shitty policies that kind of fuck the staff. for example, i was there one night and put my order in for tacos. the bartender came back and said the indoor window had closed but i could go out to the take-out window and order some and bring them in. i didn't really feel like doing it, so i just settled with a drink. a minute later, the bartender came back and said, 'hey, if you just give me the money for the tacos, i'll go order them for you.' i thought that was alright so i did, and got my tacos at the bar. what i hate about this place: * the tacos are overpriced. $3 for a taco? really? come on. * oh yeah. cash only. another chicago joint that only takes cash. i get it that credit card companies suck, but it still kind of sucks. * it's fucking noisy. WAY TOO DAMN LOUD. last time i was there i very gently asked the bartender if she could possibly turn the music down a tad since i couldn't hear the guy i was flirting with and i'd actually blown my voice out last time i was there, yelling at my date. there are absolutely no soft edges in this space to absorb the music. i don't have a problem with the kind of music, but they don't EQ it to handle the space. as such, it's loud, tinny, full of high-end and shreds your ears. i guess if you're a deaf hipster, maybe you don't care, but if you want to keep hearing till you get old, bring a pair of earplugs to this joint. * service is dicey. i get it that the guys at the front checking IDs (and also at the violet hour) has to deal with a lot of douche-bags. hell, i have to muscle my way past them to get to this part of the crotch, but do you have to be such an asshole and look down your nose at EVERYONE?i sat there one night with a friend, waiting to order a taco while my buddy finished his drink. the bartender didn't bother to ask if i wanted anything till my buddy was done with his drink, even though he walked by me about 12 times. by then i was ready for a different bar.it is way too bad that this place has the best fish tostadas i've ever tasted. why is this so bad? because the vibe here is AWFUL. take the most annoying, tan, sports-loving douche bags who think wicker park is "edgy" (gross), and combine it with a space that is just TOO small for the crowd it packs. my friends and i waited over 2 hours for a table. the server, who perhaps was the owner (he had a horrifically entitled air and was wearing some janky outfit to separate himself from the lowly staff -- a gross "designer" embroidered western-style shirt, i think, a combo of ed hardy and guido), seemed oblivious to the wait list and allowed his tanned minions in with a bleached out smile. he was rude and demeaning to us when we asked questions. i know it is hard having a 1 inch dick, but seriously. don't be in the service industry.truly, i think this was the worst restaurant experience i've ever had in chicago. even worse than when i was food poisoned and was vomiting from both ends.OK, if you are two people on a date...do not bother, Never, ever in any where in the world have I been told "we do not sit two people at tables, you need four (even though we saw tables of three), you have to sit at the bar" which would have been fine would there have been a seat at the bar. So, this is a bar that happens to have food, not a restaraunt. If you want a bar, it will be ok. If you want to have a dinner date go somewhere else. If you are a larger group that doenst work either, if you are four, then you're in!No muss, no fuss, just good tacos.  If you want to actually eat there, be prepared to wait, especially at peak dining hours. They do have a walk-up window where you can get your food to-go. You can take your tacos to the park (Wicker Park) near by and enjoy eating out there, provided that the weather is nice.while the food is very good here. the staff is rude. it's nearly impossible to get a table. The last time we were there the hostess said "this is a bar, okay" and she was wearing the most obnoxious hat. and then she recommended that we just get some tacos to go from the "truck" outside.  Excuse me. No thank you.  We can do better.I went here on a Tuesday night with a group of 9 people.  Got there around 5 to wait for a table.  We all knew the wait was going to be long so we waited at the bar until our table was ready.  About an hour and a half into the wait, someone asked the host how many people were in front of us.  We all knew they definitely don't rush people out of the place, but what they did was absolutely unacceptable.  They for some reason gave our table away to someone else, crossed our name off the list and said they had "seated us".  After paying $35/pitcher for margaritas and waiting for an hour and a half, this was a joke.  They put us back on the list, back at the BOTTOM, and told us we would be better off ordering food at the bar.  My friend even talked to the assistant manager who was apologetic but offered no compensation for their mistake (a free beer?  Shot?  Something?)  Mind you the bar is so crowded its uncomfortable to stand and drink let alone try and find a place to eat.  We ended up ordering one of each of the tacos and standing around holding them and eating them.  It is now 7-7:30.  While we were eating the rest of the people we were with got seated, we finished our food and left.  The guacamole and chips were really good, the tacos were good but nothing I was blown away by.  They did have walking tacos which were cool.  The service is pretty crappy and the wait isn't worth the food.  People go for the atmosphere, which is great.  I did get a drink that was tecate, hot sauce, and lime juice.  It was really good and I've never seen it before.  Maybe I'd give this place a shot for lunch (they do have a food truck and picnic tables outside but you can't bring alcohol out there) but I don't think I'd go back for dinner again.  AND its cash only which must be some type of weird status thing, and the surcharge for the ATM is $3.  I wonder how much they make off that alone.  There were many kids there as well, which was surprising. Taco Joint, in my opinion, is better than Big StarHorrendous greet/door staff. Extremely rude and not welcoming..at all. I went with a buddy +1. No line up front which was good. He checks our ID and then the girl (hostess/holding clipboard) walks away without a "I'll be right with you" or "let me get your name". After standing for four minutes, and the door guy telling us to move over, she comes back to get out name. I give it as four of us. Me and friend go to bar as our other friend parks his car. Ordering a mojito? No Mint sorry. How about the specialty punch drink on your menu. We had to wait as they had to get an ingredient. Meanwhile our third friend is outside and they won't let him in. Without losing our drink spot, we text him to hang tight a minute and we'll come to the front. KC our bartender was polite and apologized and served us nicely. She did her job well! Back to the front, they door guy won't let our 1 person in our party of which is on the list as four. He does the nightclub "we're at capacity". What wasn't cool about that was, we were already down for a four top and he was parking the car. There were open tables both inside and out. And as a big FU to us he let others in. That is disrespectful. I get if they're at capacity but don't BS me. I'll wait a few minutes for my ONE person in our party to come in as others had left as well freeing up room. Not to him. He and the manager whom we appealed to didn't meet our needs, were VERY rude, and were not welcoming at all. I didn't even finish my drink and walked out. What assholes. I didn't get a opportunity to try the food nor will I make a further attempt. The atmosphere and staff was far nicer two blocks north at the Northside Cafe.  Service was about as helpful as the website at Big Star bigstarchicago.com They think they are Big Stars but Alex Chilton just gave them the finger.Great tacos at cheap prices. Service is so so and it can be hard to get seats here.what happened?my partner and I have been fortunate enough to have been able to patronize this establishment from the very beginning. the food has always been tasty and the service was always solid and friendly. but no more...our strategy was always to go on Mondays around 4:30/5:00pm. Monday's are traditionally our day off and we could grab a seat no problem. we haven't been in a month or so and decided to stop in last night around 5pm. only about 4 other people were at the bar and a couple of tables with about 4 people each. great! then we realized that our usual bartender was no where to be seen. she was great and always really attentive and friendly. instead, the new barstaff could not have been colder or more uninterested. after receiveing our beers and chips & guac our bartender spent the entire next 20 minutes chatting with the other bartender through the center shelving unit so her back was to us the whole time. never checked if we needed anything or how the food was thus far. finally, fed up we flagged down the very nice young male bartender for our bill. he alerted her that we were ready to leave (cash on the bar and everything) and she barley took a second from her gabfest to drop our tab & then go right back to chatting with the other female bartender! the other bartender had to point out that we were ready for our change before she ever picked up the bill.Needless to say, I have worked in the service industry and NEVER do this but, she did not receive a tip. I hope that she is only temporarily filling in for the regular monday bartender. they definitely have lost two devoted customers, at least until the patio opens this summer. shame too...gets too crowded.  but that's cause they got a good product.  the pork belly and al pastor tacos are insanely good.service is poor, house margarita tasted like it was made with a dirty band aid in the shaker. i heard the food was good but after a 10 minute wait for a drink while seated at the bar i decided to take my business elsewhere. good luck staying in business.If you can get a seat, much more a table, this place is an experience. It's packed and loud, especially on a Saturday night, but a great place to start the night. $3 whiskey shots every day, and delicious $3 tacos. Oh, remember to bring cash. I can't remember which, but it's either the Taco de panza and taco al pastor that is the standout.I stumbled upon this place while going to the double door which is down the street. I wanted something to eat before the show started and this place had a convenient walk up window and tables to eat at outside. I only gave this place 2 stars because it's pricey (cash only) and they don't offer much of a variety on the menu. I had 2 tacos de al pastor and it cost me $6, the same here in Aurora would cost me $2. I didn't like that they don't tell you they put pineapple in the meat, I've never heard of that being done before. I didn't realize this until I took a bite and it tasted sweet. It wasn't a terrible taste, just not something I would eat again. My friend ordered the guacamole and chips which were so good!! The guacamole was freshly made and tasted amazing! It's among the best guacamole I've ever tasted. The service was ok, nothing special. I did love that they give you a free Pollito alvbro paleta with your order. I love those. Overall, this place is good if you want a quick meal. If I stumble upon this place again I'll definitely be choosing the guac.I was so excited to try this place and I would say I was pleased with my experience. My husband and I came here last night at 6:10 pm and it was already very busy. There is limited seating so we were forced to sit at the bar while there were empty booths reserved for parties of 4 or more.....about 20 min after we sat at the bar, 2 groups of 3 were seated at the booths which I don't appreciate. Our bartender was very nice and our food was served quickly. We tried a variety of tacos and tostadas (7 total). The best by far was the fish taco. What I thought was incredibly odd was that the salsa comes in a plastic bottle (like it's ketchup or something) and the chips did not come with a bowl for the salsa. When I asked the guy assisting behind the bar he looked at me like I was crazy. He said "we have plates." PLATES???? FOR CHIPS AND SALSA??? It was the weirdest thing. Then, he came back with 2 small bowls of salsa and said this is all he could find. It left me very perplexed, but I enjoyed the green salsa very much so I will look past that little hiccup. Keep in mind, they only take cash.Heck I see some bad reviews and it seems like service is an issue here. Well I couldn't really give a rat's ass as I just go to the window and get some tacos. It's about the food stupid. Fish tacos - great. Pastor - pretty darn good. Cash only - great - keeps the riff raff out. All in all its nice to have some good tacos in the area.I would never make a point to come to Big Star again. First of all, we did the walk up window for "take out." We were missing half the stuff we ordered but didn't know until we got home since they package everything up air tight. In addition, the portions are small and the price is high. Everything was extremely salty. You can get more for your money and better quality food/service elsewhere. Save your money!im from los angeles, so i like to think of myself as highly knowledgeable in mexican.  so when i say big star has the best tacos ever...its legit!  those pork belly tacos are just sooooo good.  im not the biggest fan of the fruitiness of the el pastor tacos, but thats fine because all i ever eat there are the pork belly tacos.  the queso fundido and the guacamole is even better than rick bayless's!  i also love the simple garage-ness of the entire place and i totally bonded with the doorman as we found out we used to live on the same street in studio city!  you gotta love a place with an angeleno in the front!I used to LOVE Big Star, but what did they just do to the chicken tacos?  They went from being my favorite thing on the menu, to something I could never enjoy.  When you get as big as they have, with as small a menu as they offer, why change what got you there.  Used to eat it once or twice  a week, but it just fell off of my favorites list. Also I HATE places that don't take credit cards.Now, I compare my taco experiences with the best tacos in the world, which are in Michoacan, Mexico. With that said, Completely disappointed!  I couldn't believe all the hype after my experience. I've had buddies and Chicago's Best on WGN say this place is fantastic.  Looks can be deceiving and this place lives up to that cliche.  My wife and I went there today, Saturday night, around 6:30pm.  The place was a mad house.  The door guy told us it would be a 1.5-2 hr wait.  Crazy!  We were ready to walk out but the door guy said we could go in, since 2 people had left.  They weren't letting people in prior because they were at capacity.We went to the bar and ordered 2 Modelo's. We got lucky when 2 ladies suddenly left.  We were pretty excited as we sat down to get ready to order.  We ordered Frijoles Charros, which were decent, but not for $4, as the bowl was pretty small. Tortillas were good as they are made fresh. The chiles torreados were also good, but how hard is it to char jalapeños? Now for the disappointment. We ordered 2 tacos de panza (pork belly) and 4 tacos al pastor.  For $3 each, you better get a hell of a taco with a normal sized tortilla. Tortillas were small, but the tacos were stacked.  They looked good, but as soon as we bit in, my wife and I looked at each other with a disappointed look.  The meat for both were on hard and on the colder side.  You could totally tell that the meat had been sitting in the kitchen for a while.  The flavor for each taco was not good, however, I haven't experienced a great Al Pastor taco yet in Chicago, but this was one of the worst.  I was hoping to like this place, but I can honestly say I will not return.  The best part was that we didn't have to wait 2 hrs to eat.  We ate within 15 min since we got lucky at the bar. Waiting 2 hrs for bad food would have ruined my nigh. Sorry Big Star, but I only give you one star....well, off to find another taco joint.Are you kidding?!! I've heard of dollar-size pancakes but never tacos! I met some friends here and was not impressed.  Although the tacos are flavorful they are hardly worth $3 a piece.  Come on people!  You do realize we live in Chicago, right? You can travel a few minutes west or south and get authentic, flavorful tacos, double the size and half the price!So I ended up spending many hours here last Sunday, and I have to say I kind of love this place. The $3 Tecates flowed endlessly and I totally dug everything I ate, fish tostada, pork belly tacos, guacamole, frijoles, but especially the lamb tacos. Those tender morsels of lamb served with extra braising sauce was enough to melt my heart...YUM. I also love the record player tunes and sort of industrial chic decor. What I didn't love was the service. For the first bit that we were there our waitress was fairly attentive and quick with the orders, but soon she had to leave, and with the shift change came some of the worst service I have ever received in a restaurant or bar. The waitress was never to be found, and never once stopped by to check on us without flagging her down. Many drink orders were forgotten and we ended up just going to the bar...the worst though was not once but twice we ordered different items from the menu, and after 15-20 minutes of waiting finally flagged her down to inquire, both times "oh oops i totally forgot" FAIL. I also do not appreciate that after we paid our tab and left her a decent, but definitely not great tip, she found time to keep walking by our table and give us dirty looks as we were finishing. Um yeah, if you had found the time to come by that often earlier it probably would have worked out better for you in the end. That aside I totally dig this place and will definitely be back, hopefully next time to take advantage of the massive patio, and try the rest of the small but totally awesome menu.While I do love dining in at Big Star (especially during the summer if it's possible to sit outside), this review is for the catering services only.I recently ordered the DIY taco bar + delivery service for a bachelorette party.  The ordering process was a breeze, Margaret was incredibly helpful.  More importantly the delivery and packaging was awesome.  The food was delivered promptly when requested by a friendly driver.  We ordered the middle package (3 tacos per person for 22 people, chips and guac, and an ensalata Big Star).  The food was all packaged tightly and all of the toppings were labeled clearly as to which tacos there were supposed to go on.  The tortillas arrived warm and wrapped to stay that way.  More importantly, there was SO MUCH FOOD!! Big Star is known for it's affordability and the catering was no different.  We had insane amounts of leftovers, so my one piece of advice is to order for a few less people than you actually have.Of course, the food was just as wonderful as it is had it been ordered from the restaurant itself.  Pastor, pollo & panza were all cooked perfectly.Would highly recommend their catering services if you need to feed a large group.Not my first choice for Margaritas but  thier version is decent. Tacos were not anything worth writing home about. Overpriced if you ask me. Carmela's  in uptown is definetly better and cheaper.The staff are assholes. It is impossible to get a table. The tacos are good and cheap. The drinks are good but pricey. I refuse to ever go back again.Good food, nice beer and whiskey selection, but bad service.  Food service was fine, but host service was just shockingly poor.  When 50 people are waiting for a table and it takes the staff over 15 minutes to clear and turn an empty table, people get annoyed.  It seemed the host staff just had no interest in turning tables efficiently (which equals more revenue), which is one reason I have no desire to go back.  We literally saw a group leave, and 20 minutes passed before the staff noticed and get it cleared for another group to sit down.Chicago "hipsters" should take a lession from Cleveland hipsters. That lession is to be nice to customers whether you are busy or not busy. What rude employees! They were just so rude. I didn't even stay for food on my first two visits because of all the rudeness. It is so unnecessary to be so rude and on top of it.... trashy. Just trashy. Why are these people who work here so rude? I would definitely like to understand them. I witnessed them swearing behind the bar, making fun of customers in front of other customers, taking shot after shot from their employer, and constantly rolling their eyes at customers. By the way.... they were not so rude to me or my friends as much as I saw them being utterly rude to other guests. What's up with the pushing past customers with out even saying "excuse me". I think the bartenders get off on insulting people.  I'm loving my new move to Chicago and close proximity to Wicker Park but I'm not digging the nonsense and rudeness that I witness at Red Star. By the way... Red Star shoud be my watering hole because of the yummy drinks and yummy tacos  but not at the expense of being made fun of by multiple trashy mid 30s hipsters who are so rude. I do not feel bad about posting this. Check my other reviews. I don't like giving establishments bad reviews. I work in the industry and make a living off tips. I can't believe service personel can be so darn rude.....and trashy looking.Have been here many times but I think I am officially giving up.  Stopped by for food one night and it was so busy, we opted for take out and walked to the park.  Opened our bag of tacos, and saw half as many as we ordered (we ordered 3 different kinds, two of each).  Upon closer examination... it seemed that each taco had double meat, and an extra tortilla on the bottom.  So i am guessing that they assumed we could simply move some meat from one to the other.  We were sitting on a park bench, had NO forks and spoons, and limited napkins- how was this supposed to happen?!  Apparently it seems that Big Star has become such a sucessful business that they can provide pitiful service and still stay busy.  I was very offended.  Not acceptable for me.Big Star: well let's start off with food. These are NOT your average chicken and steak tacos, Big Star is a specialty restaurant. They have a variety of pork tacos, an amazing talapia taco, and the awesome potato taco (one of my fave!!). If you're not a pork eater they do have a chicken taco w/ savory juices and cilantro, cheese. YUM!! My all time fave dish is the Queso de Fundido, basically a hot small skillet comes to your table w/ melting bubbling cheese and on the inside you find bell peppers, bits of bacon and onion, served w/ 4 fresh tortilla's on the side. I can eat at least 2 of them by myself! Now as I said earlier, Big Star is not a typical Mexican place, they have a few rules so if you're the rebel kind then this is not the spot for you. There are absolutely NO SUBSTITUTIONS on food orders, so if you don't like something, oh well. Also, it's a cash only place and the plus is that they don't charge tax!! Hmm, think I'm forgetting one more rule...oh yeah, get their EARLY!! Doors open @ 11:30am, I suggest getting their by 10am, the place gets beyond pack and if you don't like noisy places then go for takeout, music will be blasting and you have to literally yell to order your food. Last thing, you can't just order a single taco at a time. Orders must be in groups, for example if you and a friend are going order your tacos together. Hope this was helpful guys! :)Best tacos in ChicagoBig star gets my vote for the best tacos in the city.  The only thing I would upgrade is their margaritas.  If you live in Chicago and you like tacos Big Star is a must.Went to Big Star last night, was told that wait for an inside table (it was a little cold out last night) was about an hour, but if we wanted to sit outside we could right away.    So we decided to set outside at table which happened to be right next to the door where all the servers had to walk past.  Thirty minutes after sitting at our table we finally received some water.   Two minutes after that we got up and attempted to walk out, but on the way told the hostess that we were leaving because no one served us.  She was very apologetic and told us she would get us a table inside right away.  At that point I didn't want to stay, but my girlfriend convinced me otherwise.   So we sat down to eat.  We order some Chips and Gauc, a couple of drinks and five tacos to split.  An hour later the Chips and Gauc showed up, but no tacos.  We decided to eat the food that they brought and then we were going to leave.  We asked for the check and when the waiter brought it out guess what was on the bill, five tacos.  We told the waiter about it, but he refused to believe that we didn't get the food.   Needless to say, I paid the bill, walked out and said goodbye to this sh!t hole for ever...that hot dog.wow! great food!good drinks here.  another lower key hipster spot.  i didnt have the tacos but i heard they werent too special.  music is good here and play from records.Meh.  After hearing all the hype about Big Star, I made my way over here today.  It was fine. They do have awesome drinks, I had a great michelada, followed by a perfectly made margarita.  However, the tacos were.....meh.  The fish taco was good, the pork belly was kinda chewy.  My jaws hurt after eating it.  The potato taco was really good, maybe my favorite of the bunch.  Guac was very good too, it was garnished with cilantro and radishes. Death be to cilantro, but I do love me some radishes.  While all of the city was watching the bears game on this awesome Sunday afternoon, I came to Big Star.  Note there are no tv's in this place, just a good old fashion record player.  I haven't seen a record player since I was 4 years old listening to The Oak Ridge Boys Elvira over and over with my Dad's giant headphones back in the day. I came with 2 friends, and we found a seat at the bar right away, there was a 25 minute wait for a table on the awesome patio.  The bar was fine though, people come here for the people watching on the patio, but the big garage doors were open and it was really very nice.  Bartender didn't really talk much, but she didn't have to.  Just gave us what we wanted and moved on to the next.  I'm ok with that.  I'd probably come back.  That michelada was awesome.   Cash, cash, cash only. I'm not sure why businesses refuse to get credit card machines.  Hello, it's 2011 for pete's sake. Give the people what they want.  But that's a whole other rant.Big Star is pretty awesome. Indoor and Outdoor seating. It is a hot spot, so be prepared to wait a little bit. They have a pretty amazing salad that I would go back for anytime!Word of advice.  Save your money and go to Taco Bell.  After hearing all the rave reviews about this place we decided to give it a try.  The place was packed with a bunch of hipsters in skinny jeans so we did the carry out.  The guy at the register was really rude and told us we had to take our tacos as is. I got home and spent 10 minutes trying to pick off the cilantro only to find that the tacos were disgusting.  They were dry and lacked any flavor resembling Mexican food.  On top of crappy tacos the chips were worst.  They tasted like they were days old and drenched in lime juice. This place is highly overrated and I will never go back to that dump again!Of all things the hot dog was amazing. One of the best I've ever hadI am giving big star one star because of the whole method of sitting down and how it comes about. First we were greeted by 3 hosts, one checking IDS the other I don't know what he was doing and the 3rd taking down names while there are tables open on the patio. One dropped my friends ID on the ground and stated " Make sure i put it in your hand next time." That was weird, make sure yourself or ask your mom to help since you obviously need someone to look after you. The girl who took my name and number just 3 minutes ago saw me standing there, turned her back and called me then looked surprised that I was right there....Really? your memory is that burned out that you cannot remember your guests and you only had 2 other people in front of me....Really? I just spoke to you 3 minutes ago.  (3) 40 year olds at the door trying to be hip and making people not want to come back....this is a very effective strategy. One star because of your attitudes, which after the coolness and newness of your business rubs off, this will put you right out of business. One star because your service absolutely sucks. One star because your tacos are small and good. One star for having silverware and salsa in a basket on the table because we all know your servers would never bring it out. The only nice person was the guy who brought out the tacos, Thanks man. I will not be back, thanks for the experience.possibly the worst staff in the city.  newsflash hipster...you CHOOSE to work here.food is good.I really wanted this to be a five star place, but it just fell a little short. I get caught up in the hype I think, and then am a little let down. It is a very fresh, fun take on street tacos. The menu is short and sweet. I have tried all but the taco with potatoes, and they were equally as good. Not awesome, but good. The queso, however, was amazing. I would go back just for that! It is warm, gooey, fresh cheese and peppers with warm just made corn tortillas. That is what took it from a three to a four in my mind. The margaritas were good, but nothing great. Cool set-up and is always busy. If you are in a hurry, sit on the side where you can order at the window and eat at one of the picnic tables. If you want to sit down either inside or out, just be prepared to wait. You can give them your phone number and take a walk around the neighborhood. I will go again for that queso, and maybe try the last taco on the list.I've been here a few times after my initial interview. The hostesses were SO much better than the first time I went. They were nice and helpful, even when I showed up 15 minutes before they were supposed to close. Their margarita pitchers have continued to be VERY strong (in a great way!), and the tacos taste awesome. It's definitely always busy, extremely crowded and super loud (probably much better in the summer when people can also sit outside).a little loud, but big star margaritas are delicious!!I had a wonderful first experience at Big Star on a Tuesday night a few weeks ago. I had stopped by the restaurant at 8 pm the night before but it was packed and I was not in the mood to fight the crowds, so I went home. I knew to come early (at 5 pm) the next day. I sat at the bar (near the front entrance) and found the service to be excellent and the food to be exceptional. I tried all four types of tacos--my favorites were the vegetarian and pork belly tacos. The fish tostada was also refreshing and delicious. Each serving gave both me and my date a taste, but we didn't go home stuffed or lethargic. We also tried the black beans (with corn tortillas) and the serrano peppers--don't get those though, they were too spicy/inedible. I thought the server/bartender was incredibly attentive (my water glass was constantly filled and food arrived about 5 minutes after we ordered it). I think if you come with reasonable expectations (great bar food and fun drinks) and arrive early in the evening, I think the experience will be much, much better.You can do Big Star one of two ways - walk up to the window, get your grub and go, or sit back and indulge in a night of tantalizing tastes and let the tequila flow.  I chose to do the second option.  As you walk up to Big Star, you feel like you're going to a backyard soiree.  The music is pumping, and you can feel the energy in the air.  A large open patio greets you, and the indoor space is open to the elements.  We were promptly seated, and our server arrived shortly after.  Starting with a healthy serving of chips and guac, I indulged in my first tequila cocktail, which went down all too smoothly.  Next came the corn truffle and pork belly tacos, well seasoned and oh so good with tequila.  They also have a different whiskey on special each day.  Be forewarned - Big Star is cash only - and the bill adds up quickly.  A few tacos, guac and drinks set us back about $60, so we had to hit up the ATM machine inside.  A little pricier than I expected, but it was worth it for the food, drinks, service and atmosphere.I was introduced to this place when a friend of mine took a group of 8 people here, and we found street parking just a few blocks away.  We went on a Tuesday night around 7pm, and it was extremely packed.  Fortunately, we were seated within 20 minutes, but we were stuffed into a wooden booth-type of table.  The tacos took a while to arrive (but again, I was in a group of 8 people, and we ordered about 25 tacos) so no complaints there.  My only complaint was that the tacos arrived on the same plate separated by type so it was very frustrating not knowing which one was which and separating our orders in such a large group.  Also, the servers wear casual attire, so it's a little difficult differentiating employees from guests.  Also be aware that they accept cash only.  Aside from that, the fish tacos were the best I had ever had, and I HIGHLY recommend them.  Everyone in my group was raving about the fish tacos as well as the al pastor.  Big Star is definitely worth checking out.I came here at about 11:30 pm...after several drinks at The Exchange, so let's get that out in the open ;-) We snatched a table after 5 min and ordered a slew of tacos. I was excited by the low-priced whiskey (5 bucks for Four Roses, yes please!) but turns out that they don't give you much, so it's not really a bargain. It's not a rip off either, but I guess based on other bars I go to, I was expecting a bit more. Tacos were delicious, especially the pork and pineapple one. But we were done in about 7 min flat. If I had to wait for a table longer than 20 minutes, I would have felt ripped off, but since it only took 5 I didn't mind as much. Seeing how busy they were at 11:30, I'm thinking you'll have to wait a while to get some tacos around dinner time. Service was meh - nothing to complain about, but nothing to get too excited about either. There's a good bar scene, so I'd go back for some of their whiskey (the have a GREAT selection) and maybe a taco at the bar - if I can squeeze in!I wish this place had more variety for tacos and tostadas but what I tasted was actually pretty decent.   I was ready for it to suck since trendy taco places are usually better at being trendy than turning out good food.  However I was pleasantly surprised. I tried the al pastor taco which was made with pineapples and a sweet sauce (almost like a sweet and sour sauce).  The meat itself was really good but I'm kind of borderline with the sauce.  The chicken tostada was REALLY good. Crisp green lettuce (with none of the hard white pieces), tasty pieces of chicken, yummy beans and a crisp tostada.  Prices were a little on the expensive side considering how much they give you but not by that much more than your average tacqueria ($2 per taco, $3 per tostada).  However, prices for the drinks were pretty steep - $3 for a Mexican soda??  Overall, nothing special about the food here but if you are looking for a place to drink and hang out with friends, this place has great outdoor seating and decent tacos.This is a review for their carry out only.  I've never dared to attempt to snag a table there because it's always ridiculously overcrowded.  I'll say that I wasn't too excited to see yet another taco joint pop up in the area.  Because seriously, there's a ton of places to get a taco in a 7 block radius.  Against my will, I was tricked into getting a few tacos to go with a friend.  I was automatically annoyed when I saw the "no modifications" sign and that they're cash only.  Anyway, I decided for a few bucks per taco, I shouldn't be that picky.  I ordered a few of the Tacos El Pastor.  It takes them way too long to make a few tacos.  Especially considering there's no modifications.  We finally get our tacos and I will say, I was really impressed.  Simple ingredients, but very fresh and flavorful.  Definitely worth the wait.  The service is very lukewarm, but I think that's because the people working there are just tired since it's always packed.  And let's face it, it's a taco and beer joint-it's not the type of place you go to for stellar customer service.Some will say they have the best tacos they ever tasted, and some will say they down right suck. I say they are some pretty tasty $2 tacos. The drinks were cheap, the guacamole was good, and the patio is pretty nice. The reason I gave it 4 stars is because they served some stiff pitchers of margaritas, had cheap cans of Tecate, Schlitz on tap, and food comes out fairly quick after ordering. Truly an inexpensive place and you cant argue with that unless you think you are better than most for having lived in Mexico or know of a small mom and pop place that serves way better tacos. Of course you're going to wait for a table and get a bit of crowd attitude and see skinny jeans galore, you're in hipster-ville. Look, you went there knowing where this place was so lighten up you're expectations and look beyond it and you'll find that this place can be fun if you go with the right amount of friends/drunks.I love mexican food, and I'm a traditionalist when it comes to Mexican.  I like straight forward plain and simple mexican dishes, chicken or beef, nachos and tacos.  I like to keep things simple, so I wasn't sure how I felt about lamb tacos.  I like lamb and I like tacos......but together.  I made the right decision.  The lamb tacos are maybe the best thing I've ever tasted.  I also tried a chicken tostada, it was pretty good but I'm not the biggest fan of tostada's they're too hard to eat.  I don't eat seafood but my friends were raving about how awesome the fish tostadas were.  And even not liking fish I have to admit they did look pretty good.  The prices are super low too, only 2 or 3 bucks a taco.  The drink prices are very reasonable too.  And they have a really impressive list of liquors.  The only problem was the wait, they don't have very many tables for parties of 4 or more so it's a really long wait.  We waited over an hour to get a table.  Overall a great place, I've been craving more lamb tacos ever since.Okay, I'll admit it. I judged this place. A lot. I've walked by it many times this summer and thought, what is the big deal? I kept thinking it looked like a place where pbr-loving hipsters and sports-coat wearing douche bags co-existed. And, frankly, I was kind of right. However, on a beautiful fall evening, we stopped by hoping to score a table outside. After a surprisingly short wait, and we got what we wanted. Our waiter was really helpful (if not a little overly happy...we almost ordered "some of whatever he's on"). I love the Blonde bombshell beer (though be advised that it's $2 cheaper around the corner at The Southern). I also really enjoyed the Guac and Pork Belly Taco. My other taco wasn't particularly memorable. All in all, it was a nice evening. I'm not sure I'd go back if I had to be inside. It seemed much less my scene in there and the music is ridiculously loud. However, it was a great place to chill on a beautiful evening.ive been crushing on big star, hard. it was a slow developing crush, but now its on full force. the new menu excites me.. the tacos keep me thinking about them all day long, the one dollar beers and strong margaritas always have me coming back for more. i think what won me over was the last summer days sitting in the almost not warm enough outdoors, basking in the sun light. its wonderful to live so close by ....The food here is decent.  I go with the taco de panza every time. A bacon taco is a no brainer.  But for some reason, they always come out of the kitchen at room temperature, always.  I assume they have tins full of pre-prepared meat to better accommodate their high volume of orders.   But at four dollars a taco, there's no excuse for this.   Same with the horchata.  It's pre-prepared in cups with ice so it's watered down.I mainly came here for the ambiance.   The layout encourages interaction with other revelers which I very much appreciate.  It's amazing how many places fail miserably at this.  During the day,  skylights drench the place in natural light and the patio is unmatched in the area.  But in the end, I don't think any of this is worth being demoralized.There's a very good chance you'll encounter some ignorant yo-yo at the door blinded by his or her moment of authority.  For example,  I once went there to meet a couple with my girlfriend at the time.  The patio is in front of the establishment and so they check IDs right before you get into the patio area.  Anyhow, I walk up with my girl and the door guy says there's a wait.  Ok sure.  I don't mind waiting.    Any buzzed about place in Chicago has a wait during busy hours.  But my friends are literally 10 feet away at one of the patio tables.  I calmly said "Look, those are my friends over there.  See those two empty seats? Those are for us.  Yo!  Wassup Steve!"  I wave to my friends and they wave back.  The door man slowly rears his vacant head over to the table and back at us.  He tilts his head back, looked down his nose at us with his  jaded dead eyes and says "You still have to wait".   What?!     I immediately know what's happening here.  There's a lot of standing space inside but it's about 7 pm so they're trying to attract attention by generating a line. I try to reason with the guy but there's only so much you can say about a situation as elementary as this.  Then comes the words that all doormen live to say.  "Look, I can do this all day"  coupled with a shrug.  Why so smug?    This isn't the Met Gala.  It's a taco joint. Of course you can do this all day.  You're an idiot and idiots excel at mindless jobs.   After standing in the "line" (me and my girl were the only standees) for about a minute and exchanging bewildered looks with my buddy who was already sat, I decide it wasn't worth it.  Realizing at this point  that I have nothing to lose,  I decided to tell the door man what I thought of him which was most definitely worth it.  Needless to say, I lost any chance of getting in at all at this point.I have an apartment that I rent out to tourist.  Almost every guest I host is blown away by how friendly and helpful total strangers are in this city.  This is truth and it holds true in almost every other bar/restaurant I've been to in my 10 years of adulthood.  I can make a list as long as their lines of places that have excellent decor, food, and customer service but I wont.  Well, maybe just one.  Antique taco is just a few blocks away.  My point is,  nobody has to put up with this rubbish.  Lastly, being hispanic,  I refuse to perpetuate the irony of privatizing a food that is synonymous with accessibility in my home country.   Stop it Big Star, you're embarrassing yourself.This place is great!  Specializing in tacos and whiskey, the place rakes in the cash.  This cash only spot right under the blue line Damen stop will sure to have you going back for more.  I have been here twice.  The first time, we ordered every taco on the menu plus the chips and guacamole and salsas.  The second time, I kept it lighter with some chips and a couple of tacos.  Each time, the flavor has been consistent and spot on.  This is part of the Kahan restaurant empire consisting of Blackbird, Avec, Publican, Publican Meats, and the Violet Hour, all consistent, great restaurants.  The atmosphere is relaxed and hip, the servers are dressed very modern and the bartenders play vinyls.  The bar is considered a Whiskey bar, specializing in, you guessed it, Whiskey.  The food is also extremely fast!  I would love to return late night for drinks and loud music and some great food.another winner from the Blackbird krewe.Wow! What a change from the old Pontiac... they have done wonders with the space! You walk in and immediately see this huge bar in the middle with some seating all around. It was definitely the place with people wall to wall! We were lucky enough to get a couple seats at the bar right away. We started with the guacamole which came with nice warm, limed tortilla chips. It was really good and was also a good portion. I was excited to try the pork belly tacos so ordered one of those as well as one of the al pastor ones. I was expecting them to be small as they were only $2-3 each, but I didn't expect them to be TINY! But both of them had really good flavors - super flavorful and tender meat. I decided that I liked the al pastor one and had to order another one since I was still hungry. (Luckily I had filled up on the chips and guac otherwise I would have still been starving!) Overall, I enjoyed the experience and would go back. (However, it is a little bit too hipster for me so I don't know if I will be frequenting it.) They also have a take out window for the tacos, which I am sure is doing well for late night snacks.i like this place. i like sitting outdoors on a nice chicago day. the food is great and they're small portions. i don't like that this place has become the suburban trap. thee place to go when it's your big night in the city. i almost preferred it when it was pontiac cafe. i'm not sure why but i order their michelada every time i go there and it doesn't taste like what a michelada tastes like. i'd go for their chelada - that is good.lunchtime is the only time...do the Sonoran Hot Dogwow! ive been here before twice and it was for lunch before they got really popular it was really good, but yasterday! insane! the rudest host ever and the most terrible service ive ever recievedPork belly taco and Fish taco Fabulous!!! Service was fast friendly and efficient. Went during a weekday afternoon no wait seated right away. Loved the atmosphere and food was great. I will be backlove this place .  was loud and crowded, which was annoying at first until we got seats at the bar :) bartender was so nice, even with a group of jerks next to us.  it is cash only, which is annoying to me, but i guess they get away with it.  tacos were great and cheap. drinks were stiff and delicious.  and they had pappy van winkle, which no one ever seems to have in stock.  a great place for a nice weather day in chicago!The al pastor and fried fish taco were two of the best "street style" tacos I've ever had. The tacos are $3/each, but with drinks and chips/guac the tab can add up. Note to all: this joint is CASH ONLY. Good service, fun/loud/energetic crowd; altogether, a great place to eat and drink.pork with pineapple taco and tilapia taco were so good!! i loved it!! but the service was bad, so i gave 4 stars instead of 5.all the tacos i've had here are pretty good.  nothing that's outstanding or to die for.  love the outdoor seating but parking is a nightmare.  but i had a delicious michelada and life was good again.  i'd go back.So I've been going here since they opened and I have to say I have some issues with Big Star - mainly the scene that surrounds the place, the lines, the hype.  We eat here atleast once a month since it opened, and I think we've eaten inside maybe 3 of those times.  We always go to the pick up window.  The pick up window girl has a jaded look on her face everytime we go and isn't the friendliest, but the fact is it's way quicker than waiting for a table.  So...get to the point.  The food.  Horchata is great, but the ice is always melted.  Chips and Guac are pretty awesome, but sometimes the chips are too limey, and a bit greasy for my taste.  Tacos -  Pollo is great, seasoned just right - the crema sauce on it is killer.  Panza - Pork belly is one of my favs, my wife cannot live without this.  Belly is crispy and seasoned perfect.  al Pastor - flat out best al Pastor in the city.  My wife and I went to Mexico and had the best Pastor of our life in Xochimilco - and Big Star is the only one that can get 95% of that goodness.  They've got the flavor down, the char down, it must have fresh pineapple, with cilantro & onion.  I cannot live without my al Pastor.  I've tried it at every place in the city and suburbs that I have read has a spit for roasting the meat, and this is the best.  Get it.  Get 3 or 4.  Seriously.I have been a few times. The food is really delicious and earns all of the stars as I don't relate well to the unbearably loud and garish music, and the sometimes intermittent service.$5=PBR and a shot of Jameson Sunday nights.  'nuff said.  I would also like to steal just about all of the framed posters in the back room with the pool table. I could put them up in my loft next to my canvas that I'm painting because I'm so broke and downtrodden. ---Read: Hipster.Had the Pork belly tacos(I want to try them without cheese next time). While they were really good, not necesarrily memorable....I don't really agree with "perhaps the only amazing tacos in Chicago" review below.the margaritas, tacos, and guac are amazing - and super cheap.  get there early to get your seat by the bar and don't forget to bring some cashola...unfortunately they don't take credit cards.The staff is great....attentive considering how busy this place can get even early on a Friday night.   I had the chicken tostada and the portabella taco...although good I can't say that they are excellent.   I think the prices are a very good value.  This place is noisy and bustling.   I would like to try it again in the summer with the outdoor seating.Where do I begin? I was really excited about trying this place because I've heard good things but I was disappointed as soon as I arrived. You have to wait in line just to get into the bar area?? Are you kidding me? Its a taco joint that runs out of an old garage. We then proceeded to eat right next door where they sell tacos out of another little stand that only accepts cash and ran out of coke (pop) not the drug people, by like 9pm. REALLY???  Not only did they forget stuff from our order, but when my date went to ask for the rest of our food the girl at the window asked that we return all the food back to her. We threw everything in a bag and brought it to her little window and all she did was look inside. Didn't move things around, shake the bag a little, nope, just peaked inside and then gave us the rest of our order. I couldn't wait to try it because the food smelled so delicious. What a disappointment!!! $3 for one taco which was like a mini taco, the flavor wasn't good at all and the tortilla was so wet it was mushy and falling apart. We barely ate our food and threw away about $25 of it. We decided to finally go next door because there wasn't a line and thought well lets have a margarita and then leave. Omgoodness, the margarita was equally disgusting. The margarita mix was a weird greenish/yellow color and tasted like a dirty dish towel and the tequila they used tasted like it came from a cheap plastic bottle. Worst experience with mexican food EVER!!! Should of went to Pasadita and paid $10 for a delicious and filling taco dinner. Stay Away People!!We tried this place on our trip to Chi-town from LA and absolutely LOVED IT. There are no words to seriously justify how amazing this place is. We opted to go to the bar and eat at the bar since the wait for a table was between an hour and a half to three hours...I know it sounds insane but this place was cracking!!! Loved the decor, the crowd, and the staff :)This place has a full bar BUT it's all authentic Tex-Mex liquors/wines/beers which is a very cool concept. Still... Ketle One? Cranberry Juice? Any juice other than some very authentic juice I've never heard of? Me thinks not. Don't come here expecting to be able to slide by w/ a cocktail. Even their margaritas are absolutely authentic (I've had them south of t/ border.). Yuk. There's a reason America tweaked t/ margarita. But they have interesting authentic sodas! And t/ food is SCRUMPTIOUS! Try t/ Fundido! And Guac! (Except t/ VERY FISHY fish tacos.) Rule is that a party of less than 4 can't sit @ a booth. Very crowded. Expect to stand for a few minutes til a seat at t/ bar opens up. Moody staff, but professional. Food is $3-10 for app's. Music is good, urban Tex-Mex played on a record player.Place is solid.  Good menu options of good and inexpensive food.  Atmosphere is unique...rockabilly cantina, complete with impressive bourbon and tequila selection.  Wait is long but for good reason.Great Mexican food and it's cheap.  Love their tacos, gauc and queso fundido.  It's pretty small and always seems to be crowded so if you don't feel like waiting for a table just go to the takeout window.  I try to hit this spot at least twice a month.I finally made it to Big Star to find out for myself what all the hype (or backlash) is all about.  I may be late to the party, but the party's been cleaned up and polished since the old Pontiac days!  I realize the location and outdoor appeal in the summer make this a prime spot, but at least now there is decent food and beer to accompany it. Sure, the tacos aren't the cheapest around but I guess I expected a step up from Flash Taco anyway.  Surprisingly I ended up being a big fan of the pork belly taco (and I'm not nuts about pork belly). If you go for the sweet/savory combo, the Pastor is up your alley, but for my taste it was a bit heavy on the pineapple.  I was also a fan of the guacamole and they feature a decent drink selection. But this place is just too popular for its own good. I probably wouldn't even try coming on a weekend. As is, I had a group of nine take up two booths on a Monday night (right after New Year's!) and the place was still packed! Hint - move it to Lakeview, the popularity  will plummet but good tacos will become accessible to all!They have the best guacamole in town and a nice selection of cowboy cocktails.I went to Big Star for lunch, so I didn't experience any of the excessive wait, cranky staff, or hipsters galore...  Therefore, my experience was most excellent!  I ate fish and pork tacos - delicious!!!  Also had chips and salsa - equally delicious.  For 10$ it was well worth it....YUM.  Best tacos I've had in a while in Chicago.  Also loved the atmosphere and staff...place was clean and service was snappy.  I'd like to check it out again at night sometime, but even if it's crowded with hipsters, the food will be worth it.  I can't wait to get back to eat!  Cash only...First of all let me say we waited 2 + hours for a table and was pretty drunk as I do my best waiting at the bar.  The place was packed, noisey and entirely too long of a wait.   That being said cannot fault a place for being this popular.  With long waits come big crowds and with big crowds comes big noise and then you have Big Star.    Waiting i got all the Lone Star beer i could handle which was a nice addition.  Guac was ordered as the whole party was getting pretty drunk by this point and needed som sustenance other than hops and barley.   It was great as was all the food to come.   The fish taco's weren't out of this world, but he al pastor taco's were the cat's ass for sure.   The staff was pretty good despite what I was expecting after reading this site and my knowledge of that area.   Hostest was doing what she could with the crowd they had to manage.   Giving it 5 stars, but may never come back for dine in.   Might be too much waiting, but now i know the side window to just grab Taco's and go.  Score.   I will be there any and everytime in the area.good drinks, great tacos, terrible wait. on weekend nights, the door guy kinda acts like a downtown nightclub bouncer. bartenders could crack a smile every now and then, as well. customers are there to have a good time. we're not trying to give you a hard time, just wanna order a drink...As a native Texan who grew up on the border with Mexico and went to college in Austin, I have had my share of Mexican and Tex-Mex food, and I am really picky about both. I can say the food here is excellent. A friend introduced me to this place a couple of months ago, and we had a great evening. It did remind me a little of the food-trailer culture in Austin. HOWEVER, we went back last month and brought some friends, and I can't remember a time I was treated more rudely by a hostess. She was busy flirting with a cheesy-looking fake-tanned Fabio type in cowboy boots and could not be bothered to even respond to me or my friend, who is one of the nicest people you could meet. We finally assumed she wasn't the hostess because she completely ignored us. Wrong! I leaned over, thinking she possibly wasn't hearing us, and asked, Are you the hostess? because I saw her pick up the wait list. She glared at both of us and said, I'm helping someone else. So we waited while she flirted with urban cowboy for a couple more minutes and then were "helped" by her. There was no line at this point because we had made a point to get there before the dinner rush. We were nothing but polite to her, and she was so rude that we almost left and went elsewhere. The food is so good that I wanted our friends to try it, though. We will think twice about returning.The tacos are super tasty I had the El Panza (pork belly) and the Borrego (lamb). I'm a fan of the pork belly eaten on the To Go side. The main bar and eating area was very annoying, from both a people perspective and a crowdedness perspective.the food... the service... the atmosphere... the scene... to be "cool" with no pretension... well done, Big Star... well done...I wish I could just eat the meat in the taco and skip everything else. Maybe I'll keep the avocado and add some chili pepper....that would be my ideal meal. Who cares about the fancy pineapple? I just love how they marinade all their meat. It makes me very very happy.Gotta love this place if you want a solid taco. Sure the wait can be a drag, but if you don't need a table then stalk out a bar or railing spot. Food comes out really quick and the to go window is a great option when you don't need to have drinks with your tacos.Why didn't I come here sooner? I do not think I can add anything in my review that hasn't been said. We waited for 2 hours for a table on a Thursday evening and it was totally worth it! We will be back as often as we can.Super friendly service, fantastic music, clean layout, delicious food with a real chill country southern vibe.  The pork belly taco and fish tortas were awesome and the various sauces they have were great compliments to the food.   Also, the best bourbon selection i've seen in Chicago, which counts for a lot.They don't accept credit cards which blows and the ATM charges you $3.00. HOWEVER, the tacos are delicious as well as the drinks. If you are in the mood to have fun, Big Star is the place. The pork belly taco is a good and there is a queso...something that is melted cheese over peppers. It's a little spicy but so delicious. I recommend getting one of their cocktails because they are good. ($10)The tacos are so damn tasty, guac and chips were nice as well.  The drinks...the $7 cocktails were worth the price, and the beer list was well thought out.  Lots of style, liked the old-school road house country music.  Really gave it a chill, laid back, type of scene.Awesome!  Really flavorful food, fun atmosphere.  It was pretty packed on Friday at 8pm, but my friends and I were able to grab a spot at the bar and have a few drinks and chips and guac (which was also delicious) before a booth opened up so that we could sit down.  I was a big fan of the pork shoulder taco and chicken tostada that I had.  I will definitely be coming back soon!This place tries too hard. Being a big fan of their other restaurants I was hoping for a little more execution. Everything was ok the salas was the best, and the drink prices are reasonable. But we had to wait fifteen minutes before we gave up and went to the bar for service, all the while too loud Bakersfield country blared around us. If it was a little more down to earth instead of imitating Austin honkeytonk taco shops, it would be a lot more enjoyable.Ok so the wait here is a little annoying but it is usually worth it.  I have tried every taco on the menu and still cant decide which one I like best, not to mention that this place has the best queso fundito I have ever eaten and you know me, I be eatin that fundito.  Plus when you dont feel like waiting for a table they have the ever so convient take out window. Its not exactly quick but it is convient.  Someday I am sure I will be able to sit inside and enjoy the ambience but the patio will do for the summer.It's 5pm and I want a margarita! How about some fish tacos? Todo, we're not in Cabo anymore!  Luckily Big Star, a new and oh so popular mexican taqueria on Damen, was a quick fix to my tequila deprivation. Not only is it a three minute walk from our apartment but it's the place to be any night of the week.  Weekends are busy and their "one in, one out" policy can produce a little bit of a wait but don't be skird* - it goes by fast and it's worth waiting for! The menu is small but great for indecisive eaters like myself!  I quenched my thirst with a "Big Star Margarita" and filled my belly with homemade guacamole and chips as well as some pork belly and fish tacos. In some bars, small menus translate to "eat only if you are dying of starvation", or "it's garbage but you won't be able to taste it anyway because you're drunk". However, this was not the case and the tacos exceeded my expectations immensely- creative combinations of ingredients that just make you want one...more...bite.We had the al pastor tacos, pork belly tacos, chicken tostados, and guacamole. The best thing was the chicken, and that's not saying much.  Maybe my expectations were too high for this place because of its popularity, but the flavors were not bold, and the beer selection was horrible. And a scotch menu? For a cash only place? It did not make sense. Also I didn't understand the need to ID everyone, since kids were still allowed to come in (went during a Friday afternoon). We sat out on the patio since it was a sunny day and it was fun to people watch.  Other than that, I don't get the hype.Food is great! Loved it!! The service was kinda slow...I would have drank at least two more cocktails if she would have come around more. I'll be back for sure for the tacos!This place is ridiculous and in a good way. It's basically a converted garage with no sign and a loud bar vibe inside, but a lax, al-fresco vibe outside. My group and I waited an hour for a table around 6:00 on a Saturday night- before the dinner rush. I tried an al pastor and de panza taco, which were extremely fresh and flavorful. The pineapples in the tacos were a nice touch, the guac was rock solid, and the prices were excellent. The horchata was pretty thick for my tastes, but maybe it is more authentic? I need an horchata snob/connoisseur to help me out here...or someone from Mexico. I prefer the horchata with the consistency of water, but overall a great find. It is near the intersection of Damen/North/Milwaukee- aka the nexus of the universe, so don't bother driving out here. There is so much going on in the streets from hipsters on their bikes, mopeds, dogs, joggers, burnouts- it reminds me of that video game, Paperboy. Remember that one? You're trying to deliver papers on your bike, and then a lawnmower chases after you, and then a dog, someone with a knife, and a conspicuous tornado that touches down on the sidewalk. It's kind of like that.The best veggie tacos I've ever had and quite unique. I love the taqueria feel of this understated place. My only complaint is that it's quite expensive ($3 for a small taco, and I could easily eat 3 tacos)Al pastor tacos and fish tostadas are the bomb!   And the guacamole is some of the best I've had!  The long line is a pain but the food is worth the wait.This place is so hipster that our server felt like she would rather be at band practice or something.  Give me a break.  She was busy doing whatever it was she was doing but managed to ignore her actual job - table service.  The food was Ok, but nothing compared to Blackbird or Avec.  They really lowered the bar with their reputation for having exceptional service and good food.  This place needs work and new management.I want to like this place. I live nearby, the patio is nice in summer, and the inside is cute. Lets see..the music here is horrible. But wait, not as horrible as the crowd of Lincoln Park lame-ness that invades. Being from California, I just can't agree with the rave reviews about the food.The food at Big Star is outstanding, but the place is so pretentious it's made me never want to go back. My boyfriend and I went there this past Tuesday around noon and there were about three other people in the bar. We requested a table, since every one of them was empty, but despite the fact that the place was deserted, we were told that we needed at least three people to get a table, so we took a seat at the bar...while every single table remained open for the duration of our stay. We went back yesterday with the required three people and found that again, every table was empty, but were told this time that we had to have four people to get a table. I explained to the hostess that we were just told that we needed three people a couple of days prior, but no dice. She then told us to feel free to have a seat at the bar...which was completely filled. We walked out. I've heard numerous friends complain about Big Star's poor service and pretentious atmosphere in the past. The attitude of the place seems to be "this place is so popular we don't need your business," which I expect may catch up with them at some point. Again I will say that the food is great, but it might be better to just stick with their takeout rather than to deal with the inflated egos and velvet rope atmosphere at this place.Can't get over this place! I went here to "waste" some time before getting in Violet Hour and it was seriously the best time I've spent waiting. You know it's good when you're willing to sit outside in chilly weather to get some mouthwatering tacos and sangria. My friends and I tried about six different tacos and they were ALL amazing.This is a great place to go after Violet Hour and has excellent tacos. I tried almost every taco they had and they all were top notch. It gets crowded here later in the evening, but if you can beat the lines, this place is really good.Can Paul Kahan do wrong?  I loved the food at this great taco/Mexican place that took the spot of the old Pontiac Cafe.  I went with a few friends on a Friday night and had to stand in line to be allowed to put our name on the wait list (really the reason this is not a 5 star is due to its small size).  Aside from not being a fan of being pushed around constantly while I was standing at the bar, the food was great.  We started with chips and guac (very lime-y in a good way).  Our tacos came next (the queso fundido took 15-30 minutes to get to our table after we ordered it) I had one al pastor and one pork belly taco which pretty much blew me away.  Great taste, spicy and full, and the taste of the meat didn't take away from the fresh cilantro and corn tortillas which I like to play a role in my taco taste rater.  The queso fundido finally came and was work the wait -- chorizo and white chedder melty goodness.  Anyway -- if you don't mind a crowd, you should check this place out.Wasn't sure about it because of the over the top trendiness of the area & crowd but I gotta give it to them...great drinks & the best fish taco I've ever had.  I don't know about the entire staff but our waitress dealt with our obnoxious asses & never missed a beat.  Crazy packed but you can't blame them for that.So far my favorite place in Chicago because of it's perfect combination of great atmosphere, great quality, diversity and value. Great crowd every time.I've been to Big Star many a times but the most recent visit was by far the worst service I've ever had.  Hostess was the most pleasant person during our visit.  There were two female bartenders that seemed less than thrilled to be serving us.  One finally came and took our order which was two tacos each, guac and chips, and a coke.  Nothing too crazy.  The kitchen brought out our chips and I finally got my coke.  As I ate my chips I became thirsty drank my coke and water waited for someone to come and refill it. The bus boy finally filled my water but not once was I asked if I wanted a refill on my coke.  For $3 for fountain coke, yes I want a refill;seeing as how it's about a 10oz glass with giant ice cubes that make it 8oz.  After our tacos came out we were finishing up the last bites our plates were pulled immediately from us.  I know they clean up quickly but really, you need to wait in front of me to pull the plate away immediately!  When we were finished we had to wait at least 20 minutes for a bartender to make eye contact so we could get our bill.  When we finally got her attention we asked for a to-go bag for our remaining guac and chips and she seemed like we asked for everything for free. Not sure why we had to wait on the bill seeing as how they yanked the plates so quickly, I thought we were being rushed out?  Needless to say, I'm in the service industry and would never treat the people who pay my bills in this manner.   Two stars solely based on nice hostess and decent food.  The rest was awful this time.Salty and greasy. Tried 4 tacos and wasn't a big fan of any of them. Got extremely sick that night and the next day. Tables reserved for parties of 4. Cash only.delicious! great laid back crowd... not sure how it is in the winter, but its a great spot in the summer. the tacos are great, they are small enough to try all of them!We love this place.  Food and staff rock.  Waiting is half the fun.  Great people watching.  Super great music.  We always start off with a margarita and a tres reyes then follow up with a variety of delicious tacos.  Must say, we miss the lamb taco.  Bring it back!!!I guess I felt kind of old (I am 41) and not quite hip enough for the crowd and the venue. The music was quite loud (some punk rock) and way too much heat. Servers were all very good, attentive and without attitude. Probably felt the tacos were a little on the expensive side at $3 and did not fully live up to the descriptions on the menu. I enjoyed the pork belly taco. We also had the baked cheese which was pretty decent. Annoyingly they only accept cash. The draft beer range is quite good with a great value cheap domestic option and a good selection of US craft beers. Guess trendy Tex-Mex is not my thing.Great food. Try the pork belly tacos. Strong drinks. We were treated like VIP's, Damien is awesome.Drove by Big Star taco while I was heading back to the hotel and needed a late night snack.  With a quick look, you can see this place looks like a great hangout spot given the atmosphere and the large crowd on a late Tuesday night.  I ordered a tacos del pastor and they were very amazing.  Very tasty and left me wanting for more.  Nice salsa to go with the taco too.  Based on that late night snack, I'm definitely a fan now.  Will definitely try to stop by the next time I am in Chicago.Tacos are very good. But I would never go out of my way for one.  And they're very slow.  I went on a slow night and despite only a handful of people in front of me, it still took me 20 minutes to get a taco.Big Star is the perfect spot when you're in Wicker Park on a beautiful day and want outdoors beer and tacos. You'll fight trendy crowds for a table; angle for service from the overworked wait-staff; and eat overhyped tacos. The tacos are good, but not what you'd expect given the buzz. But on sunny afternoon, it's often worth it.Good food, especially the guacomole. Very friendly and helpful service. Expect to wait for a table because the hjoint is jumpin'. And deservedly so!I have yet to have a bad meal here.  My favorite is the pork belly taco's.  When it is nice it is a great patio.Love this place. I do take out at the window a couple times a week. MMMmm tastes so good everytime!The food is ok. The service was aweful. Had a bad experience the first time, so I went back to give it another shot and wasn't impressed at all. Don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.We were seated inside and waited 15 mintues to get someone's attention for a drink - even water.  If you can't sit outside, the inside is very open and nice on a warm day.  Wish I could say the same for service.  I know it's new and busy and we could just walk up to the bar, but when we did ask for something the staff seemed annoyed.  Will wait to go back when the place loses it's appeal of being the new bar on Damen.Its good but not worth the wait.  Why do they ID everyone for lunch?  The Al Pastor is not all that but the pork belly is top notch.What can I say....Food is gggrrrreeaaatt! But, the service is lacking along with the wait time. I arrived at 6:30 pm, on a Tuesday evening, and didn't get seated until 7:50pm. Then, I had to wait another twenty mins for the server to greet us....sheesh! The tacos are incredible, so for a once in a while experience, I'll check them out! There is a great take out stand, right next door, which serves the exact same menu, but not the experience of The Wild Wild West!I'm not sure what miserable planets those 1 stars bicuits are coming from...and maybe they are legit ...but hear me out when I say Big Star is rockin! You can't go wrong with the new DIY taco bar..... JIT for I hate winter and want to have a party!I ordered DIY tacos for my birthday/Christmas party mid December. I'm not going to lie- It was a bit self serving in that I wanted to bribe my friends to come to my party instead of a lamezos ugly Christmas sweater party...and guess what kids... I won. Who doesn't want Big Star tacos?   I was a bit nervous that I would get a box of hot taco mess but everything was perectly packaged and labeled for tacos 101.  The tortillas were were another concern but turned out to be perfect ( be sure to ask about the secret hot towel trick) I dare say as good as in-store.  Besides having to referee as everyone scrambled to get their fair ( or over indulgence) of tacos, I have to say it was a hit. What more could you want? Great food, little clean up and friends that bring lots of booze to your house in gratitude of being served amazing tacos. THANK YOU Big Star- From now on every party's gonna be a Big Star party!Pork belly tacos are good. The guac isn't cheap but really good. Great if you want a quick bite late night.I really like the food at Big Star, but I recently had a less than desirable experience at the take-out window.  The young woman taking orders at the take-out window is rude.We went to the take-out window after a visit to the playground with our 2 boys.  First of all, when I asked if we could eliminate the onions from the hotdog she told me that modifications weren't allowed.  Fair enough, but it was her chirpy, condescending delivery that bothered me.  We had exactly $35 in cash and our order was exactly $35.  When we got to our table we realized that we did not have a water for our younger son.  I went to the window to ask for a cup of water and she told me that I'd have to pay $1.00 for a cup of water because they have to pay for the plastic cup.  A plastic cup doesn't cost $1.00.  Water does not need to be served with a lid and straw!  If I were sitting on the other side of the fence in the restaurant area I would have been afforded a free pitcher of water with a plastic cup  The soap and hot water needed to clean the pitcher and cup costs money. What's the difference?  I had to go back to the window to ask for additional napkins.  When I asked miss snotty for napkins she said they already gave me napkins.  I had to explain to her that she gave me 2 napkins for 4 people and we found it necessary to have 2 more.For a $35 take-out window order I do expect a free cup of water and napkins without an attitude.  Keep the complimentary spicy chicken flavored lollipop that everyone leaves on the table and give your customers a cup of water when they need one.I have mixed feelings. The outdoor dining, the fun atmosphere, the chips and guac, the margaritas... they are all great. However, the wait time is absolutely asinine!! Most recently, we were told that the wait would be 1 hour and 15 minutes. 3 hours later, we were still not seated. The hostess was telling everyone "Oh, you will be next! Don't worry. Go sit at the bar" (this would be a viable option if they were actually letting people into the bar, but it had been at full capacity for quite some time.) We got at the restaurant at 6:30pm, but the reality is that we would likely never have gotten seated that night, since they were not clearing tables out and allowing people to sit for hours. Big Star did nothing to make up for the bogus wait time except for a lame "sorry". I don't think I will go here again unless I get there at 3pm.Great tacos and micheladas, but not worth the wait. Have been before and will go back again, but wasn't expecting a 3 hour wait for a table for three after being told it should be only 1 hour and 15 minutes. Plus, the "bouncer" was a jerk.Long wait, but worth it. Good margaritas. Excellent tacos. Loved the queso fundido. Authentic Mexican, not Tex-Mex. Cash only, but there's an ATM on site.The food is five stars. the Hostess and service is really bad. This place went from my A list to no list quickly. I understand the food is great, but the hostess needs to get things under control and since its always REALLY busy, maybe they should think about having a managing matradee help out a little so the hostess doesn't blow up with attitude when you ask how long the wait is. 'she literally pointed to the waiting list and flipped some pages and told us to figure it out'. That was after, no exaggeration, 3 and a half hours waiting. what a joke, I cant believe I waited. This was the second bad experience there. On another note, the bartenders were nice. So I say, go try and have a drink at the bar and avoid all the other drama.Great tacos!  Can't beat $1 mini drafts either.  Taco al pastor all the way!Tacos...incredibly tasty and great value. Paired with the salsa and quac you could not ask for a better option in the city!Great place! Delicious and reasonably priced - nice to try a few different tacos. The chicken one is spicy but really good, the corn and the zuchinni ones are great too! And great service!OK place but not great. I don't mind paying $3 for a small taco but it should be better than average.   They play Vinyl in this place so it gets 3 stars. I kind of felt like I walked into a Tourist Trap in Seattle or Portland Ore. Won't go back.Sometimes great, sometimes ok.  Food isnt very consistent... never terrible, lots of waiting... good margaritas.The best pork belly tacos! Hands down! Tortillas are fresh and meat was cooked perfectly. Love the music too.A great place for Tex-Mex. The guacamole was very fresh and tasty.  The tacos al pastor were so delicious as was the queso fundido and the tostada de pollo was great with and nice little kick to it.  Great beer selection, too.Perfect place to sit outside on a summer day and enjoy a margarita and pork belly taco. Delicious food and their drinks pack a reasonable punch. Only real complaints are that the wait for a seat outside is usually over an hour, and it's cash only.Awesome! Lots of fun and great atmosphere! The margaritas were tasty and the tacos were very good as well. BIG FAN OF BIG STAR!!!!Went to go check out this Big Star place I heard about..had to stand in line in the cold but once I got inside, things got better. The space is not that big so I think in the summer, the seating situation is way better with an outside patio. But when I went, it was a bit chilly so everyone was cramped inside. I didn't mind; drinks were good, tacos were pretty good also. I had the chicken and fish tacos--both were worth coming back for. Only thing to remember is they only take cash which kinda sucks since I never ever carry cash. But just plan ahead; all in all this place is fun with a group.I was really excited to eat at Big Star because I have walked past it a million times and it's always packed.  So, I went for an early dinner with a few friends, and had some margaritas, guacamole and tacos.  The food was ok.  The guacamole was over salted and not very spicy. The tacos were fine, but not the best I've had in the city (for that, I recommend Taco Joint or El Milagro).  Also, our server was nice, but one of those people who I would describe as trying so hard to be likeable that it makes you dislike them.  Clearly, we weren't going to under-tip him for being "too nice", but he was pretty annoying.  I also felt like he was trying to trick us into buying guacamole, when we were planning on doing it anyway.  The restaurant was really loud.  At 6:30pm on a Tuesday, I would hope to at least be able to carry on a decent conversation with my friends, but it was so loud we could hardly hear each other.  In general, I would say I'm glad I tried it out, but it's not somewhere I would really recommend to my friends as I think there are plenty of places in Chicago with better food, better atmosphere and much more tolerable waitstaff.1st time in Chicago and being with a group of foodies definitely proved to be the best way to eat my way through the city. So glad we decided to try this place. Amazing food! The pork belly tacos were phenomenal!! As was all the food. The prices were great. Our group definitely had a great time. Our bartender was fast and efficient. If I come back to Chicago, I'm definitely coming back for more pork belly tacos.I don't care how good your tacos are, or how hip your clientele, there is no reason to treat patrons with such disrespect and disdain at the front door of your establishment. As someone who has worked in the restaurant business for many years, and who loves good Mexican food, this was very disappointing. I hope when I return, Big Star has hired a more personable host staff, and I can update my review.Expected way more from this place given the hype. The good: - The food - Inexpensive- Patio is amazingThe bad: - 1+ hour wait on a Wednesday- Cash only (annoying, given their volume)The ugly:- The service. My friend and I were waiting to put our name on the waitlist, then a hipster-y couple walk up (who obviously know someone) and jumped the line (strike 1). We finally get on the wait list, which is about an hour, no big deal, we go to the Violet Hour. We finally get a call 1+ hours later.... no one on the other end. Strange. We walk across the street, the hostess explains she hung up on us because the other couple showed up, but we'll get the next table (strike 2). We wait at the bar. I hold out my credit card, after about 5 minutes the bartender rudely looks at me and says "cash only" while walking away. I basically had to scream "I HAVE CASH TOO" in order to get her to come back (strike 3). We're finally seated and the waitress after some time comes up and asks us if we're ready to order. She was in street clothes, wearing a purse?!? and had been talking with a table near us for some time before she came over. We had no idea she was the waitress; it was very confusing. Overall, I would come back for the food... if the service changes.Food is always on point but the service varies. Last time I ate there I was told by the doorman that it isn't a place to socialize or pick up women. His preemptive strike upon my game was ill advised and unsuccessful. I continued to enjoy myself while he withered in self misery. How did it end? With my member fully lodged in its preferred orifice, that's how.great drinks and tacos, and a vibrant bar scene. big star is more of a bar that has some very good food option, tacos in particular. the margaritas were perfect, with just the right amount of alcohol. we order two of each type of tacos, and they are all delicious. the pork belly tacos in particular were amazing. the place was a little too loud indoors, which wasn't ideal for us. but aside from that, everything was great.makes you feel like you're in austin...killer margaritas and great bartenders...guac was excellent...i recommend the fish tacos...the grilled jalepenos are extremely hot..very tatted hipster crowd....great staff ....a cool dj spinning old c&w 45's was a great addition...if you sit out front it's a very loud room ..... a bit of a limited menu,but that's alrightI just went here with my good friend and his family for my friends 23rd birthday. While the food was decent, I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO DISRESPECTED BY A RESTAURANT STAFF. I am currently 20 years old only days away from my 21st, though I understand and respect the law and respect restaurants whom uphold the law. When the doorman asked me for my ID, I did just that, gave him my ID, with no expectation that I was pulling a fast one over on anyone. Shortly after entering, the doorman physically grabbed my arm and pulled me aside to make sure I knew he was watching me. He told me that I would be on the honor system, whatever that meant. Regardless I had no intention of drinking or trying to cause trouble. After this he informed both the waitress and the house manager that I was underage and after they all rudely pointed and starred at me for over a minute, the waitress came to take our order. As she took drink orders, she skipped over me without asking if I would like a non-alcoholic drink. (The nice bus boy brought me over an horchata which happened to be delicious). For the rest of the night, the house manager if she wasn't pacing by our table to make sure I didn't have a drink in my hand, was standing in the corning watching over me like a hawk. What should have been a lovely evening of family and friends celebrating a birthday, turned into a humiliating night where all attention was on me for being underage. I have lived in Chicago my entire life, born and raised (not the suburbs), and as much as it was a top five horchata, there are tons of tasty restaurants even mexican restaurants in Wicker Park and the surrounding neighborhoods, that are staffed by respectful people. The food was average and absurdly overpriced for the quality. I know for a fact I wont ever return solely because of how I was treated by the staff.best tacos in the area! the quality isnt as good as when it first opened. the meat used to be much more juicy and tender. lately ive been finding it to be too crispy for my tastes. however this place is sitll very good and I would recommend it! the pork belly is my favorite, the pastor is also pretty good and the pineapple doesn't overpower it at all if anyone is nervous about that.love this place.  good times!i wish your tapas tacos were at least nearly as good as the ones at cruzroom in portland, or.    they. are. orgasmic.Ive been going to big star since it opened, I have always raved about the food "only" the service is poor mostly, but the food is 75% of the reason to eat out.  I havent been in for a couple months because the weather sucks but went tonite, they have screwed up the only two things I and my friends ever order, the polo tostada and the pescado tostada, they used to be simple and delicious, now the polo has chorizo in it???? what the french? and there's no way to order without, bad move, you just cut out those who dont eat pork, and the pescado used to be delicious and NOT FRIED, now it tastes like a vandecamp fish stick, again, you cant order it any other way.  so as much as I used to go there, and as many people as I used to refer to big star, I wont be back.  they have ruined it for me and my friends.  the waiter explained the friday night frat crowd was the reason for the changes, really? is that who you really want to base your menu on in one of this countries biggest "FOODie" towns??  sorry Donny, love you bro but get the menu back to the original preperations, you really missed the mark with these changes bro.  thanks for listeningpaid 9 dollars for literally 3 bites of taco. if you can, get mexi food in pilsen. its obv cheaper, and better.