I can't get enough of this place!   As a fan of tapas, I've had the opportunity to visit most of the tapas bars in Boston/Brookline/Cambridge and Toro time and time again remains at the top of my list for tapas, and among one my favorites in Boston overall.  Yes, the wait can be long but they are long for a reason - and that's because the food is so good there!    This place has a nice and cozy spot in the South End, although once inside it can get a little loud at times.   For me, this makes it a perfect place for a casual get together with friends over a great meal.   A few highlights:1) Tortilla Española - For all of the intricate and unique dishes that Toro features, it is this common and traditional Spanish dish that keeps bringing me back to this restaurant.  Toro makes this dish with the perfect combination of texture and flavor, not too dry, not too oily with potatoes just at the perfect level of starchiness, that keeps me wanting more and more.2) Uni Bocadillo - the chef has a restaurant named Uni, of course he would create a sandwich featuring the sea urchin!   3) Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - Yes, this is their most raved about dish and it does live up to the hype.   Corn, aioli, cheese - it gets messy but is extremely flavorful as you would expect.4) Filete a la Plancha - Their skirt steak was not overcooked, and the marmalade complements the dish extremely well.I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant again and again.  A little bit of planning goes a long way of course to minimize the wait at the restaurant, but even a potentially long wait, I assure you that Toro is well worth it!After hearing mixed reviews about Toro, I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep it on my Boston bucket list. Luckily, my good friend surprised me with a dinner here because he knew I'd been curious about Toro :). I'm very happy to say that we had an adventurous meal with wonderful service from the hostesses and waitress. While we waited for a table, one of the hostesses helped us select our dishes so we could get straight to ordering and eating (it was 10pm and we were pretty ravenous). Our approach was to try dishes we'd never had, which led to ordering based on animal parts...We started with the Atun Crudo, which was the least adventurous decision. The Yellowfin tuna with white soy, spicy cucumbers, citrus and avocado was a refreshing start to a very heavy meal. Although well-thought out and generous with the slices, I would order something new next time.The Corazon, which is grilled Archer Angus beef heart with romesco, reminded me of sliced roast beef. It was bland on its own, so the romesco was essential. While it was fun to try, I would try another interesting animal part in its place next time.The Foie Gras y Piquillo, consisting of seared foie gras with piquillo pepper, cider vinegar gastrique, and candied walnuts, was everything you think it would be. Upon ordering, I had 49% guilt and 51% pleasure. After that foie was in my mouth, I had 10% guilt and 90% pleasure. The dish could use a tad bigger slice of foie. I can handle the guilt.I've heard a lot about sweetbreads from all the food shows I watch, so we tried the Mollejas, which are crispy veal sweetbreads with blood orange, fermented black beans, peanuts and celery root. I had always imagined the texture of a thymus to be off-putting and somewhat like a goopy animal gland. Thankfully, I was very, very wrong. The sweetbreads were dense enough to be cut with a knife and were smooth and creamy. Wonderful stuff that I'd get again.The Jamon Blanco, made up of La Quercia lardo on grilled sourbread with jonah crab, crispy shallots and pickled green almonds, did a perf job of highlighting the crab. You'd think the cheese would be overpowering, but luckily it only added richness to the crab.The star of the dinner was the Asado de Huesos; roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmalade. I'd never had bone marrow before since it never appealed to me. After the Asado de Huesos, I'm a convert. Although the marrow was buttery and rich, the oxtail marmalade toast really tied this dish together. I doubt I'd order bone marrow on its own. Might even order 2 of these next time.The Jerez Manhattan with bourbon, sherry, cherry and black walnut bitters, and the Butterflies Revenge with rye, carpano antica, cynar, brandy, orange bitters and bergamot salt, were solid and strong. I'd say the Butterflies Revenge eked out the Manhattan by a smidge on the uniqueness factor.We had 5 people, and everybody thought it was great. The grilled corn, mussels, steak, potatoes, sliders, and paella were all great. My favorite was the grilled corn and paella, with the steak a close second.The drinks were also prefer good. Service was very good and friendly.  Definitely a keeperSo, for you diners who will judge my three-star rating, I preface this by stating: This is not just a review of food quality, but also of the menu's general accessibility to people with food allergies and intolerances (specifically focusing on the gluten-free cohort). The last time I went here, it was a rainy Friday in April. The place was packed to the brim-- it took us about 45 minutes to an hour to get seated. I guess it's not that hard to be packed when your whole establishment is probably around 230 square feet. I'm probably exaggerating here, but you understand.  We waited at the bar, and I had what seemed to be the safest thing on the menu for a celiac. I don't remember what it was, but I ordered three more of them later on and was very satisfied. Maybe that's why the bill didn't shock me as much as it should have? After we were finally seated, the waitress asked us if any of us had food allergies. I quickly responded that I couldn't eat gluten, and she offered to bring out the gluten-sensitive menu (yes, this did happen!). She was very quick to let me know that it wasn't a dedicated kitchen and that I might have to be careful if it was a "serious food allergy." Technicalities aside (celiac disease is not an allergy), I took what she said to heart and still ordered food. I ordered the corn on the cob (my go-to dish at any barbecue, if you're thinking of inviting me over for one), smoked duck drumette, and an empanada. The corn on the cob was so delicious-- it was very rich. That alone could probably have satisfied me that night. This year has been my year to explore ducks-- the meat, the eggs, just everything about ducks. Not disappointing, but it's still not chicken. The drumette didn't taste like either turkey or chicken; it tasted...like duck, I guess. In spite of my dislike for its duck aftertaste, I continued eating it, because I was paying for it. (That's how I roll.) And the empanadas? I know what you're thinking: empanadas are not gluten free.  Be not fooled, my fellow Yelpers; these empanadas were definitely gluten-free, and the dough had the cornmeal after-taste to prove it. The waitress continued to tell me that they were made on a surface with products that contained gluten, but I had been dying to have an empanada for so long, that I just did not care. I'm still looking for the perfect gluten-free chicken empanada. If you think you've found it, let me know! 5 stars for the drinks, an "okay" for the experience overall, and a 4 from my friends who have no dietary restrictions.After 4 years, I have finally revisited Toro and can still say that their uni bocadillo and grilled corn is the best I've had!While there was a wait, the kind bartenders asked some folks to move to free up two seats at the bar (around Saturday night 6pm for dinner). I preferred sitting at the bar near the kitchen and watching the action to sitting at another table. I feel bad for the kitchen as a pregnant lady was sitting next to me and backseat cooking her corn. I also got the pan con tomate (very garlicy and crispy), pulpo (cooked perfectly), the ventresca (tuna on bread, I thought this was ok), churros con chocolat (their only dessert, would prefer the churros sans sugar).Why can't the NYC Toro step it up? Next time, I'm getting my own corn.Delicious!  Highly recommend coming here for tapas and drinks.  Great location.  Small restaurant and they don't take reservations, so come early if you can, but expect to have a wait.  I came here around 6:30 on a Wednesday night, and we were told 1.5-2 hour wait.  We were seated shortly after 8:00 and decided to get some pastries down the street while we waited, so it wasn't too bad at all.  Also note: you can put your name down as early as you get there, but your entire party needs to be present before they can seat you!  Make sure everyone's there on time!  This goes without saying, but you MUST try the corn.  The aioli and all the aged cheesy goodness makes the corn heavenly.  Their mini burgers are also delicious.  Those were probably my top two choices, with bone marrow and the duck being a close third and fourth.  Pitchers of sangria were $25.  We ordered three pitchers without knowing that, but I wish I had ordered a cocktail instead.  Sangria was good, but felt like I was just drinking fruit punch (even after three pitchers with six people!)Corn corn corn corn corn!!I can't emphasize how good the Asado de Huesos is. Also, the bone marrow is unbelievable. Having a grapefruit + citrus combo on the side with shaves of radishes makes the whole dish come alive.Dishes to avoid: - calamari (too chewy)- empanadas (too bland)- paella (overcooked rice)- churros (too sweet)Aside from that, Toro was crowded and slightly overpriced. The service was impeccable though so it deserves 4 stars!This was the first restaurant that I went to when I moved to Boston and I must say, the two hour wait was definitely worth it! I have never eaten so much in my life and all the different tapas were beyond impeccable. If you are open to trying different foods, I would definitely recommend this place! My only suggestion is, come early so you don't end up waiting a long time.I'll admit, I was wary...just as you all who are reading this are probably wary.  It was just so hyped, so excruciatingly hard to get a table, that I imagined I would be sorely disappointed, either by the food, or the experience, or something tragic like worms in my soup.  But oh, oh no no, how misplaced my fears were.I love, LOVE, places like this.  It has a cool, down-to-earth neighborhood vibe while still somehow accomplishing a refined feel.  I think it's the atmosphere that gives the cool vibe, the service that gives the nonchalant vibe, and the food that gives the refined vibe.  Hmmm...I take that back...it's not so much refined as just goddam tasty.You really can't go wrong here in terms of the menu, though I find some of the simpler dishes the most satisfying.  The eggplant, the pan con tomate with anchovies, serrano ham, marcona almonds...they're all delicious and surprisingly affordable. One tip: avoid the paella.  I still haven't found a restaurant in Boston that does paella well, and Toro unfortunately misses the mark as well.  The flavor is good, really rich and smoky, but they don't get the crust right.  After all I ate and drank, though, I was willing to forgive them.Great atmosphere. Great service. Open kitchen - but small dining room. If you want to come on a Friday and Saturday night during prime time, you can intend on a 2 plus hour wait. They do not take reservations over the phone and you must summit your name in person. However, I suggest you go during brunch or weekday night dinner. Overall, the food is just wonderful - but people are really here for the atmosphere. Must try:The cheeses and jamonThe simple yet wonderful cornAny of the wonderful brunch entrees with chorizo and sweet potatoesCalamariAny specials Pass:Bone marrow. I guess once you had bone marrow this doesn't really stand out to me. Ehh to the empanadas... We probably had about 10-12 tapas for a table of 3. If I could hop back on a plane and take myself back to Madrid, I would. But when I am in Boston, I make sure I get my fix at Toro.I have never enjoyed tapas as much as I did at Toro. Came around 5pm on a Tuesday and we were seated at the bar since the kitchen opened at 5:30 (I would suggest coming around this time because after it gets super packed). We were able to grab a table once it turned 5:30. Corn: like everyone else says, a MUST HAVE. Idk what they put in the sauce but it's so delicious, dip your bread in the leftover sauce also! Bone marrow: usually I hate things with a fat consistency but I could eat this for days. The flavoring they have on the bone marrow is so good and it also comes with some greens and super flavorful shredded beef on the side. Tuna tartar: Ugh this was so good, a nice dish to have cause it's so refreshing. the bread that came with it was also delicious. Churros: these were okay, the chocolate sauce that came with it was a bit too rich IMO and didn't go too well with the churro, I would've liked maybe a condensed milk sauce with it or something but it was still good. I really have to come back here because I'm sure the rest of the menu is just as delicious.Great tapas! Good little patio. Great drinks.Grilled corn is off the hook! Grilled peppers = OMG! Patatas Bravas = nom nom nom!Mussels  - very good - the sauce.. WHAT?!!! SO awesome!The patio is really the best place to sit on a sunny day. Try the Beverly Hills Lemonade for a refreshing cocktail that will make you feel happy and summery.I have to say, we really loved this place. It was the perfect lunch. We walked from Copley Place through the little neighborhoods to this place based on the Yelp reviews and we are glad we did. Thanks Yelpers!The service was good for us. She didn't bother us too much, but was there when we needed her. She also recommended some items that we loved.Wish I could go here every week!After visiting Madrid and Barcelona, I've become obsessed with tapas, and Toro is definitely one of my favorites. It's a bit pricey for the portions, but they make up for it in quality! Everything on their menu is creative. My favorite is the gambas aioli.. the shrimp are perfectly cooked and the sauce it comes in is just too good to waste so ask the waitress for extra bread! Their foie gras is also worth getting and the grilled corn.. the aioli it comes smothered in is good enough but then add cheese and lime and it's on another levelThe churros are a no brainer after dinner. Easily shareable, if you're feeling nice :PThe prices keep going up and up... yet the food has stayed the same. Nothing that new to the menu, except, well you know, the prices. Pretty disappointed with this place now and I feel a lot of people on here will have a great experience, but just like me, will realize the honeymoon is over when the dollar doesn't equal the substance. Open your eyes honeymooners, the wool is being pulled over your eyes.Sweet mother of GRILLED CORN!!!!!!!!!!! I'm going there just for the grilled corn and all of its deliciousness. The empanada was quite nice too, so was the carrot plate. But really, just go for the corn. I loved the energy, music, and overall service. When in Boston, be sure to stop by.We tried going to Toro for dinner on a Saturday night and were told wait was 3 hours long? So I returned the following day during lunch and we were seated right away :)The prices here can't be beat! You'll find tasty unique tapas at super reasonable prices. My friend and I ordered 5-6 dishes and everyone one of them were delicious. I especially loved the yellow fin tuna crudo, foie gras, bone marrow and smoked eggplant. I wished we had a place like this back in the bay.There are nothing but good things to say when it comes to talking about the food and atmosphere at Toro. With an average wait time of 1.5 hours, you don't need me to tell you how good and popular this place is. Alas, I will try to make my case:Tapas dishes:Mushroom paella: This was a special on the day we came in and I have to say we got super lucky was cause it was damn delicious. We have a running joke with one of our roommmates about mushrooms ever since the first time she tried to order shiitake (pronouncing it shit-take) so we had to order this when we found out it was a special of the night. They offer their paella dishes in a full and half size which is super nice because sometimes you just want to try a little without overdosing on the carbs. We ordered the half size and it was perfect for our table of 4. The flavor was outstanding. One of our other roommates doesn't care for mushrooms either but even she enjoyed it. Nice crispy edges that make you scrape every little grain off that pan.Gambas Al Ajillo: Garlic shrimp. Amazing. The plate came with 5 shrimp and we were all fighting over the last one. They use saffron in the dish which just made it for me. Maiz Asado Con Alioli Y Queso Cotija: The famous corn. I know corn doesn't sound too special but believe me when I say that this is the best thing to order here. I've had my fair share of mexican/spanish variations of corn dishes but this one is by far the best I've ever had. The aioli, the lime, the cotija cheese, everything is perfect. It's super creamy with a hint of buttery flavor and the corn is grilled so nicely that it almost tastes like popcorn (A super fancy delicious gourmet popcorn). It was so good we ordered 2 orders. Foie Gras:Served with 3 tiny little bite sized pieces, it was melt in your mouth delicious. I've never really been big on foie gras but this made me a believer. It was rich and slightly creamy. Patatas Bravas: Prepared perfectly with the perfect aioli/red sauce pairing. The potatoes weren't too crispy and weren't too soft. Very savory solid comfort food. Crispy pork belly: This was the hardest to split between 4 people. Nonetheless it was great. The "kimchi" they served with it was not conventional Korean kimchi but it was still good. Instead of cabbage it had more radish/daikon. Churros:Everyone's favorite dessert. I have to say after an extraordinary meal, this was my least favorite thing we ate all night. I wished the churro pieces were hot and fresh rather than the room temperature they were served at. Maybe we were too full or maybe our particular dessert was just a little off from their normal game but I would probably skip this next time and order an extra tapas plate if I'm still hungry. Side note: keep replenishing your bread supply cause you'll want to soak up every last piece of sauce on every dish you finish. Also a little bit about the wait time. We came in right around the opening at 5:00 on a Tuesday. They don't start seating until 5:30 and until all of your party is present so we ended up waiting a little while at the bar until the rest of the people got in. It filled up pretty quickly but even an hour later around 6:00 we were able to get seated right away. So my advice to those who are worried about waiting a super long time is to get there early, enjoy a drink at the bar, and everything will work out.Service is outstanding and the food is incredible.  We went for the 8 course tasting menu with wine pairings and were completely blown away.  One of our best meals ever - from the complex - the foie gras, the wine selection, the roasted duck leg  - to the very simple - the roasted peppers, brussel sprouts - everything was superb.3 of us stopped in on a Monday night at 8pm and only had to wait 45 minutes - which felt like a miracle. I go past this place on weekends at 11pm and it's still packed. Anyway, it was great. The food was great, lots of choices and full of flavor. Service was good and the place is nice inside. With character. That said, you pay a lot for the wonderful. We started with some drinks. I got the verdad y amor, my girlfriend the chupacabra (which definitely had a nice bite to it), and my buddy the love potion number one. All were really good. We sat down and the waitress suggested 2-4 tapas per person. The 3 of us have big appetites and got 8, which left us all full. The waitress and Yelp agreed on the items, so we got most of what was suggested. They all came out at various times, which worked well. It was like a present every few minutes. Like the healing ointment in Hunger Games. We had the bone marrow, squid, tuna, beef, corn, potatoe atun crudo (like a tuna sushi roll you make yourself - quite tasty), gambas al ajillo (garlic shrimp with chillies - really good), Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (4 corn cobs smothered in alioli - SOOO good), Croquettas de Bacalao (cod fritters in a mayo sauce - had some spice in the breading - quite good, but not as great as the others), Filete a la Plancha (skirt steak - really good, on top of a sweet red onion marmalade), Patatas Bravas (fried potato chunks w alioli and spicy tomato sauce - crisply fried, really good in the sauce but a little plainer that the rest - it's hard when it's being compared to a lot of really well made and flavorful stuff), Asado de Huesos (bone marrow - so this was really good b/c you spread the bone marrow, which seems basically just like tasteless fat spread, on bread with oxtail marmalade - which was great), and Pulpo ala Gallega (octopus w potatoes and other stuff - also really good).Basically they flavor everything so well that you could be eating tree bark and it would taste great. The meals are all of decent size, so easy to share, full of flavor (and calories) and just all around a great meal.Saw this restaurant while walking down the street and decided to walk in and try it. Luckily I didn't have to wait at all and was seated right away on a Sunday night around 8. The food was impeccable. I got the sea bass which was incredibly juicy and flavorful without being overdressed. I also got the corn. It's literally ridiculous how good the corn is. If you don't order it, you're missing out. I liked it so much that I ignored the corn bits lingering between my teeth for the duration of my meal. The asparagus is also really delicious, especially the creamy aioli on top. Please come here. You will love it!Second  visit to Toro. We arrived about 6:45 pm (party of two) and was told that the wait would be about an hour to an hour and 15 minutes (my fault - should have come earlier!!!). My friend didn't like waiting inside at the bar, so we wandered outside. We were finally seated around 8:10pm. We ordered:Grilled green peppers. Pork belly (panza de cerdo)Duck drummettesUni sandwichSmoked beef tongue with lentilsTwo glasses of wine (one sparkling, one white).Food: What a pity they didn't have short ribs that day, I really wanted to try it. The green peppers, despite of the simple idea (grilled peppers slightly tossed with sea salts) were delightful. The pork belly is similar to a Vietnamese/ Chinese dish (crispy roasted pork belly) but has different seasonings - I also enjoyed it. I loved the uni sandwich: the bread was crispy, buttery yet wasn't overwhelming, and the mixture inside is totally mind-blowing. I can't recall much, but it seems to have some mustard-y flavor in there. Definitely order again next time. The smoked beef tongue and duck drummettes were just okay. I would rate 1/Uni sandwich 2/ Green pepper 3/Pork belly 4/ the other two. It was too dark to take any decent photos of the food. Our waitress was friendly and our bread basket was promptly refilled - we were super hunger after the long wait that I think I had four bread baskets in total... shame on us. Mid-way through our meal, a waitress/ host came and asked whether we could switch with the next table since they're having a slightly bigger group. We would be happy to switch anyway, but Toro gave us a free dessert of churros & dipping chocolate, which was quite nice. I was very happy with my experience. The minus 1 star was for the long wait, the really dark and loud environment - I had to shout to talk to my friend across that small table. Definitely will go back for more.delicious, delicious, delicious, that's all I can say, I wish we had a Tapas place where I live like this. The corn is epic and a must have when you are in Boston. I love this place!!!To start off Toro is ALWAYS packed and if you're looking to walk away with a full belly this is probably not your place. It's on a first come, first serve basis, you can leave your number, usually the waiting time is about 1-2 hours for a party of 4-5 people but you must be there, there are no reservations until you show up. Fortunately, I have a friend living in South End so, we just chilled for about 2 hours and 45 minutes and then we went when they called. Next, the ambiance. I would really love Toro on a slow night (if there ever is one) however as I said before it is ALWAYS packed. We were in the middle high top table squashed in between the couple beside us and the rowdy group behind me that was constantly elbowing at least one of the people in my group. It is a tapas bar, so it's expected that the portions are going to be very small BUT it ain't cheap, which makes it even tougher to really get a taste of Toro with a group of 5 people picking at 2 pieces of duck legs for $10. We had the Gambas Al Ajillo, Maiz Asado, Pato con membrillo, Filet a la plancha and a few other dishes that I can't remember at the moment. None of them were really memorable to me, I didn't foodgasm over any of them, I tasted it and moved on with life. We also ordered a sangria for the table, which didn't taste particularly good either, it was very much watered down and tons of ice.I don't think I would really come back to Toro, I didn't enjoy my time here. I was actually rushing out after the check so that I could stop being deafened by the high pitched cackling happening behind me accompanied by the infamous elbow. Might as well go to a quieter and better tasting tapas place in Boston like Dali's (actually in Cambridge but you get me, same thing)We came here as a Gilt offer for an 8 course tasting because it included a highly coveted reservation. I hate waiting in line, and I am not a huge fan of tapas, unless it is Casa Mono in Manhattan. I hate tapas because for whatever reason, we go in groups, it is super expensive, and I am never full. This has nothing to do with tapas itself, perhaps the setting that I always find myself. Regardless, we came on a Sunday evening when the weather was just becoming slightly reasonable, and we were seated on time for our 6:30 pm reservation. Casualty list (sorry, tasting list):Raw oystersSerrano hamBacon wrapped chicken pateSeared foie grasUni bocadilloSuquet de MariscosColiflor a la planchaRoasted asparagusPimientos del PadronAsado de huesosManchego cheese w/quince pasteChurrosThese were paired with about 5-6 glasses of generously poured excellent white and red wine and finished with a glass of sherry. Needless to say, we were incredibly full and pretty...hammered. The only thing I wasn't really a fan of was the bacon wrapped chicken pate. Every else was delicious. And it probably tasted even better because we didn't have to stand around waiting and stewing in our hangriness.Wonderful evening, would probably purchase the tasting again if I were to come back. I am intrigued. Enough to taste their sister establishment in the city when I move back...A few weeks ago my roommate and I decided to hit up one of our favorite spots for lunch. Toro is located in Boston's South End neighborhood and is arguably one of the hottest restaurants in town. We were shocked when we arrived at almost 2pm on a Friday how crowded it was. Since the restaurant doesn't take reservations there is a chance you may have to wait upwards of two hours for a table. Trust me, it's worth it.Luckily they have great cocktails to sip on while you wait and if any seats open up at the bar grab them because you can order from the whole menu while sitting there. We lucked out and snagged two seats at the bar within 5 minutes of walking in the door, otherwise we would have been waiting at least and hour.As we looked over the menu we decided to treat ourselves to some day time cocktails.My roommate got the Chupacabra made with tequila, lime, and spicy mango simple syrup. I like spicy foods and drinks but this one was really SPICY! Order with caution because your mouth will be on fire throughout the meal. My cocktail choice was the Gypsy made with gin, elderflower, yellow chartreuse and lime. I liked how light and refreshing it was. I could definitely sip down a few of these in one sitting but restrained myself to just one as it was a Friday afternoon.Toro's menu is broken down into Pinchos, Tapas and Calientes as well as Bocadillos Y Ensaladas and Paella's.For our first Pincho (small snack) we chose a Pan con Tomate which is a toasted bread with tomato, garlic, Spanish olive oil and sea salt. It was like eating a really fresh bruschetta.Our second Pincho was the Datiles con Jamon. These Medjool dates filled with Marcona almonds and Cabrales blue cheese are one of my favorite items on the menu. Oh, they are wrapped in Jamon Serrano. Anything wrapped in bacon or ham is a win in my book!Now for the Tapas. Another favorite of mine is the Pato con Membrillo, or the Smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze. These sticky and sweet drumettes are finger-licking good and have a ton of meat on them.The Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija is a house special. I get this dish EVERY time I go to Toro and if you look around you will find and order at every table. This grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cotija cheese is a little taste of heaven. There are many restaurants that try to recreate this dish but none will ever be as good as this. EVER.A special dish on the menu was the Mejillones otherwise known as mussels with chorizo and basque cider. I loved how big the mussels were and the broth was flavorful with just the right amount of spice from the chorizo. Make sure to get extra bread to sop up the additional broth.Another special on the menu was the Empanada de Carne de Res y Patatas. This spicy curry beef and potato empanada was served with a cucumber, yogurt and clianto sauce. I am not a huge curry fan but I liked this dish because the curry was very faint. The dish is slighly spicy but if you dip it in the yogurt sauce it has a nice cooling effect.Our last tapa dish was another menu special and a little on the adventurous side for me. The Pate de Cerdo, or bacon wrapped rabbit and pork pate with basque cider and rhubarb mostarda, had a lot of flavor and I loved the rhubarb and mustard.You can't go to Toro and not get the Churros con Chocolate for dessert. These are some of the best churros I have had - nice and crispy on the outside but light and fluffy on the inside and served warm. You get a nice portion of chocolate on the side so you can dip each and every last bite!If you live in Boston and haven't been to Toro yet, or are just visting make sure to get in there ASAP. The menu is constantly changing so no matter how many times you go back there will always be something new to try!If u want paella and tuna tartare , come after 4:30pm for their dinner menu. They have a different menu for their Sunday brunch. Here, I will list down some of the must-try items that you should order in Toro!PINCHOS: * Atun Tartare - tuna tartare with coconut milk * Foie GrasTORO: * Paella (it's a little salty)TAPAS: * Coliflor A La Plancha - cauliflowers with pine nuts * Gambas al Ajillo - griddled garlic shrimp * Asado de Huesos - Bone marrow (my favorite of all dishes) DESSERT: * ChurrosIt's a very small restaurant, so if you are coming for dinner, come before 6pm, or else you will have to wait for quite a while. Also I would recommend coming with two more people to share the dishes. Don't worry, the portion of every dish is very small so if you are coming with a party of 3, you can def order all the dishes I listed above. Out of all the must-try items in Toro, my favorite dish would definitely be the bone marrow! You must, you must TRY IT, you'll not regret! && Enjoy~ ^^My husband and I agree that this some of the best food that we have had in Boston, and we can't wait to go back! We purchased a Gilt City voucher, which was awesome because it allowed us to make reservations and included 8 courses of tapas, champagne upon arrival and 3 additional glasses of wine. Our waitress was   Erin B., and she was wonderful. We allowed her to pick our tapas for us and would up with quite the variety of food.Pimientos del Padron-delicious, flavorful and just the right amount of spice Fois Gras y Piquillo-so yummy, highly recommendVentresca-not a big fan of tuna, but it was pretty goodOstras en Escabeche-best oysters I've ever hadEscalivada Catalana-excellent!Selection de Jamones-just ok, too fatty for meGambas al Ajillo-shrimp cooked perfectly and so tastyPatio con Membrillo-so incredibly good and crispy Croquettas de Bacalao-just ok for me, didn't like the sauce at allPan con Tomate-very yummyChurros-an absolute must! Delicious!Sooo good!!!!!  This place doesn't take reservations but it's worth the wait.  Spanish tapas... yummy Sangrias... great service!  The music was blasting inside so I was happy we got a table outside.  We ordered a ton of tapas... the corn was the cream of the crop!  We also had the foie gras, bone marrow, duck drumlettes, olives, tuna tartar, empanadas, seafood paella, mini burgers and the toasts with tomato spread.  This place is highly recommended and is as good as ppl say it is.Toro had fantastic food, great service, and perfect ambiance. We came for lunch around noon on a Friday and luckily had no problem getting a table. The hostess was friendly, the waiter was prompt and knowledgable about the wine menu, and the food came out at well-spaced intervals.The food was amazing - Toro serves Spanish tapas, but with Asian influences that made for some really unique flavor combinations. When my friend suggested the maiz asado, I was hesitant, but I absolutely loved the dish. The corn was sweet and slightly charred, slathered in creamy alioli and cheese, and the lime juice added the perfect tangy kick. The sweetbreads were the most interesting dish we ordered - the salty fermented bean curd contrasted well with the savory-sweet citrus sauce, showcasing an unexpectedly Asian flavor. The asado de huesos was the highlight of the meal. The presentation was impressive, the bone marrow was rich and tasted slightly Sichuanese, and the radish citrus salad made the perfect refreshing accompaniment. It was so good, we literally ate in silence. We also ordered the ensalada atun, a light salad that, while well-prepared, was not particularly memorable.Toro perfectly combines relaxed but classy atmosphere with truly inspired dishes, making it perfect for anything from a casual (albeit expensive) meal to a special occasion. And their menu is so extensive, I will definitely be back again (and again) to sample their other offerings.Really good food, wine selection and nice venue. Service is ok and the value for price too. It might get a little pricey but it's definitely a fun place packed with a nice crowd.3 years after my first visit, Oringer is still doing exceptional work. People are still piling in at 5pm to get a table and the atmosphere is great. My only recommendation would be to come in the Spring through Fall versus the Winter since they haven't figured out the whole "people holding the door open when it's 8 degrees out and still keeping the restaurant warm." Rundown on the food: - Pimentos de Padron (B+) - yes - Toro Corn on the Cob (A) - absolutely - Pan Con Tomate (B-) misorder - Snail Toast (B) - pass - Pork Skewer (A-) - great - Tuna Tartare (A) do it - Brussels Sprouts (A-) solid - Hangar Steak (B) good but not great - Shrimp Ajillo (A) Absolutely - Empanada - pass since I'm a terrible judge of empanadas - Churros (A+) Yes!Hands down one of the best places I have eaten at in a long time.  As you will read from other reviews this is a very happening spot and be prepared to wait a little bit but it's worth it.  We went there with a bunch of people and shared a lot of dishes and it was great.  The waitress was fantastic and the price was very reasonable.Highly recommend!!!!This place is A-OK in my book, thus the 3 star rating. I was fine with the 45 minute wait for a table. I'm glad they take down your number and call when a table is ready because there is absolutely no room to stand in the restaurant when the bar is full (as it will be).While everything we ordered tasted fine, it was all very heavy handed on the salt. We had the seafood paella too and it was good but a tad salty. It was also "wetter" and more "saucy" than other paellas I've had before including in Spain. A half portion of paella is the perfect size for two people to share.The restaurant is loud, dark, and bustling but it has a great vibe for a fun dinner out with friends.Toro is the best food I've had in Boston. I eat good food with enough frequency for this statement to be taken seriously.What specifically: * The Suquet de Mariscos  is what gets them the 5th star. This stew is on the short list for my last meal. * The bone marrow grossed me out on principle but has since tamed me into submission. Just those two alone make me like Pavlov's dogs over here. Don't skimp on the vegetables either -- the brussel sprouts were epic; the cauliflower with raisins and pine nuts were unbelievable. The corn is basically a savory dessert.A few dishes disappointed me, but these above made up for them. Go here.This place was a treat. I went on a Monday night and the wait was about 30 minutes, so it looks like this place is always packed.Two memorable dishes were the grilled corn and the mussels with chorizo. The rest was really good, I just can't remember everything we ordered. They have some rotating specials which are worth a try... the night I was there they ran out by 8pm.Overall I liked the atmosphere of the place and the service was very attentive. It seems to have space for small groups, but I would keep in mind the long wait times.not much i can say that hasnt been said but seriously some of the best food i've had in boston. the braised lamb, spiced beef curry empanadas, brussel sprouts, pork belly, crispy pork were all excellent. service was very fast, food kept coming out and cleared at a good pace...cool atmosphere. definitely now one of my favorite restaurants in the city. get there early though. we got there right when they opened up at 5:30 on a Wednesday and all the tables were full within 30 minutes.Toro feels good from when you walk in the door.  The decor is colorful, the place smells great and the bar area stays pretty full.  There's a wait, so get there early.Drinks: we tried a brightly-colored cocktail called the Perro Caliente which was slightly sweet and a little spicy, as promised.  (gin/lime/grapefruit, etc.)  Tapas included the oysters (small but tasty, served on little beds of packed salt), patatas bravas (realize these are hard to screw up, but they were rich, creamy and filling) and the crispy pork belly in vermouth-carrot puree.  (PS: the puree tasted a little like Kellog's Fruit Loops, but don't let this make you miss out on the pork belly - Toro just might do better pork belly than anybody else in town.)There was some sadness:  the only low point of our meal was the Paella Valencia.  The seafood was overcooked to the point of being chewy and rubbery.  The rice was so cooked down that it was gummy... kind of like chewing warm seafood bullion cubes.  We were surprised it ever left the kitchen and will probably never try that particular dish again.So my theory of Yelp, is that the 3 star reviews are the most important.  Specifically that the restaurants that any individual would give 3 stars are places that you are least likely to write about thus skewing a restaurants rating either up or down. I came here for brunch at about 11.  When we arrived the place was pretty empty, but by the time we left it was packed.  (As in 40 minute wait) My experience here was fine.  I'd come back.  I really enjoyed eating churros with my breakfast, and I had a really awesome sparkling wine based drink.  The food was just so-so.  It was 15-20 per person for a taps style breakfast.  I would recommend not getting anything that has eggs, all of those items were pretty disappointing.  But, I think that the more traditionally Spanish items (we ordered the bone marrow which was pretty tasty), the patatas bravas were ok (others liked them better than me, I found them to be vastly over-seasoned).  The service wasn't memorable. Ultimately, its worth going if you don't have to wait for a table, but I wouldn't stand in line to come back, and definitely order a drink!This place is absolutely phenomenal. I love coming here the food is incredible, the vibe is great, the drinks are amazing. One of the best restaurant's in Boston hands down. The only thing that sucks sometimes is the wait but hey, greatness has is price. I love this place and will continue to go back all the time.-JLast night was my 4th time ever eating at Toro and as always it did not disappoint.Arrived around 9:30pm on a Saturday. Thought about sitting at the bar but changed our minds when the bar tender gave us attitude and rudely shoo'd us away from two seats and then 2 seconds later offered us the 2 seats next to them. All we wanted was a couple glasses of cava while we waited for our table. The rest of the evening was wonderful. Our waitress was awesome, the food was amazing, the cava, wine, and vodka cocktails I had were all amazing. I highly recommend the tuna tatare, duck drums, corn and steak. Minus a star for the rude bar tender.The uni sandwich I would be my last meal if I were on death row. Too goodI was digging the playlist as well- old school rap and a bustling atmosphere. I couldve lost myself for hours in good food and companyThis place is a bit crazy to get seated, but I totally understand why.  Food is out of this world!  You must try the cauliflower -- even my husband who HATES cauliflower absolutely loved it.  Honestly can't go wrong with anything you order.  This time around we ordered a bunch of small plates which was a great way to sample a variety of food.  Next time though I think we'll try the paella....it looked delicious!If you can, get there 30 minutes before dinner seating is open and just hang out at the bar.  You'll be guaranteed a dinner spot without having to wait 2 hours.I went to toro on a Friday night, and as expected, waited 2 hours for a table. That is to be expected, but there are plenty of nice bars in the area.When I finally got my food, I was not super impressed. Yes, the food is tasty, but I must say was definitely not worth a two hour wait. The spicy corn, however, is incredible and a must. Overall, it's a fun place with good drinks. But you can probably find better places without a wait.This place was so good. Yes that's not really descriptive but all the other reviews sum up this place pretty well I don't need to add to it. We ordered: Corn- good but not amazingTuna belly- goodFoi gras wrapped in bacon-goodBone marrow- delicious Beef heart- didn't try itOysters - fresh and tasty Overall good and would go backWent here on a Sunday before a concert. We got there at 4:45 pm and had a cocktails at the bar until it officially opened for dinner. And boy does that place fill up fast!!!! Everyone's cocktails were amazing, we all ordered off their drink list.We were three people and were able to split a lot of plates easily. Everything was mouth watering from start to finish. We got the cider ribs, foie gras, catalan stew, sliders, and manchengo cheese. Definitely will be getting the grilled corn next time!!Amazing will definitely be back!!My favorite restaurant in Boston, I just wish I can make it there more often. I love that they don't take reservations but I usually dine at the bar. Sam will take great care of you there! Always get the dates and the corn!Their food is so good!  I especially like the tuna, duck and corn. It is good place to hang out with your friends. It is expensive though.I live a block away from this place and every time I wanted to get a food here-a long wait would be an issue.Its understandable-they are very popular in the neighborhood.Tonight it did finally happened-i got trapped/hooked on all those"cool"(overrated) reviews about this spot and got a chance to check the things out. Service-our waitress talked to us like we are her buds, roommates, regulars,(I do appreciate your casual attitude and I understand its not a fine dining place), but just please less pre-game and less"whats up, yo folks' would be appreciated. After waiting for a while to get a table just a quick greeting and order taking would be great.Waitreess had this weird friendly/passive aggressive attitude.Busser-very attentive, friendly, just a great worker (water glass was never empty which is important when you are on the patio on the summer day).same with bread (she made sure we had enough of bread for our appetizers).Food-tuna tartar- bland, tasteless.Tomato garlic bread-delicious, potato side-taste good but sauce is boring, jamon serrano-great portion and very tasty. Corn was good but messy (not a date snack-lots of sauce on top).And then comes Paella-rice is horrible (goya spice involved for sure),nothing to worth that 30 minutes wait. I would come back for their drinks(they are amazing here).Unfortunately my excitement and expectations were failed.Come here for delicious food and decent drinks while being served by elitist jerks.No thanks.I wasn't going to publicly complain but a day later I still feel sick to my stomach remembering my brunch experience yesterday at Toro.  My friend and I went here hoping to find a new regular Sunday brunch spot.  We sat down at the bar and ordered a couple of drinks and a few plates of food to start.  I was looking over the cocktail list and was actually pretty excited to try a couple more drinks on the list.The bar was fairly empty; there was only one other person sitting two seats away.  He was talking to the bartender, whose name I caught: Wesley.  The two of them were talking about other bars and restaurants in the area that had recently opened and how terrible they all are.  Ok, I thought, it is really unprofessional as a bartender to be at work publicly saying negative things about your neighbors who do the same thing that you do---pour drinks for tips, but I figured I would just ignore it and they would move onto another topic soon enough anyway.  And then they moved onto another bar in the South End that had opened recently, except the friend who I was dining with happened to work there as a bartender.  Wesley told the guy sitting at the bar that he absolutely HATED the bar my friend worked at.  He had even gone there once and not only was the whole thing just awful but all of their bartenders are just stupid and clueless, too.  The two of them then went on to call out a bartender that worked at this other bar by name who they apparently had a very low opinion of.  That person happens to be a friend of ours.At that point, I had heard enough and asked to just pay and the two of us left without eating our meal.In his defense, I will say that Wesley did not let us pay for our untouched meal after I told him that we were leaving because we were extremely offended.I honestly felt sick to my stomach and embarrassed and I don't even work in the service industry.  I can't imagine how my friend felt sitting there while our bartender mocked the place he worked at and questioned the intelligence of his friends and coworkers.  This is the thing about Boston bartenders that I absolutely hate: snobbery.  I would rather eat at a place with terrible food and polite, welcoming, and friendly service any day.  At the end of the day, you are there to make people feel welcome.  No one thinks you are any more special than any other bartender in the city because you work at Toro.  I hope that Wesley learns from this experience and thinks twice next time he is going to say rude and nasty things about other people and establishments while he is at work.  You never know who is in earshot so maybe next time, keep your negative opinions of people to yourself.It's too bad, because I was really hoping we had found our new regular Sunday brunch spot.  Instead, we walked down the street and had a really nice meal at another bar.  Minus the attitude.The rumors are all true. This place is delicious! There are very few things here I have tried and disliked. I recommend going with a large group so you can try everything!The Corn, Patatas Bravas and Mini Burgers are my top choices. The Atun Crudo is perfect and if you are a fan of pork belly -- you can't go wrong with the panza de certo.For entree's - the Vegetable Paella is a great choice!I am probably forgetting so many amazing dishes - you wont be disappointed with anything you order!Great atmosphere!  Loved the decor!  I was thrown off by the Country music in a Spanish tapas restaurant though.  Maybe because it was the first time experiencing it?  Anyhoo...My favorite dish by far was the paella, it was delicious.  Runner up: maiz with aioli.  Also, try the perro picante drink, yum!   Otherwise, the beef heart was not as tasty as I was hoping, and I've had better shishito peppers at a local Japanese place. So, just like other tapas places, you like some dishes, and you don't go crazy for others.Great little place! There's generally a long wait and very little standing room, but the service is super attentive even while you wait. Drink menu in hand in less than minute.The tapas is fantastic. Cod fritters, duck breast, the corn (of course) and the sausage were all delicious. Beef heart was meh. Drinks were tasty and well-mixed.This review is JUST FOR BRUNCH! Their dinner still gets a 5-star review by far. I'm just constantly searching for awesome brunch spots in the city and thought I'd give Toro a couple chances. The thing about their brunch offering is...there's isn't a lot of breakfast things. So if you're leaning more on the side of lunch than breakfast, go for it. (But who calls lunch brunch?) They have one entree at breakfast that seems to please most men because it looks like ultimate nachos with way fancier ingredients: crispy tortillas tossed with Mexican style braised chicken, cotija cheese (same stuff on the corn), avocado and creme fraiche. The basic eggs, toast (amazing), and potatoes is good. But it's basic, ya know? I added the grilled avocado to mine and was pleasantly surprised. Even after asking the waitress a second time where the avocado was, she just exclaimed that it took longer than everything else. I get that, but I literally waited so long that my eggs were cold. Avocado and eggs is amazing, but best when both are warm. Toro's the kind of place that can typically get away with things coming out as they're ready. But this one was a bit of a fail. Not sure if they thought I was just going to spoon avocado in my mouth or not? Oh - we also ordered the delicious dates stuffed with almonds and cheese. They're a must-order in my book, but I wish the waitress gave us a heads up on their temperature. Literally burned all of our tongues. It's my fault too because I was raving about them to first timers, and since they're served on a toothpick you just pick it up and toss it in your mouth...well, now I know to do so with caution. Because we're all still nursing burnt tongues! So moral of my adventure is: if you like Toro's dinner menu, you're in luck for brunch because most of it's available. If you're looking for some fun breakfast foods - maybe try another south end spot.Everything here from the drinks to the food is delicious!Grilled corn- best I've ever had. The sauce is amazing. I wanted to order more.Bone Marrow- if you're a fan like me, you'll love it here. Brussels Sprouts- perfectly seasoned and crispyPaella- good amount of seafood on rice that's not too dry yet not too saucy. Order a half portion, it's already big! And order ahead of time because it takes a while to make.Pork Belly- oh the fat.I'm drooling as I write this. We ended the meal with churros, which were too sweet for my taste but my friends gobbled it up. My favorite restaurant during my trip to Boston! Service is also very refined. I am super impressed!When my group arrived at Toro on Sunday, we were prepared for a wait. Which was fine because we figured we'd have a few drinks at the bar. Here's how the interaction went... our group sat at the bar and chatted while waiting for the bartender. When he made eye contact with my friend, he looked at her and said "just a minute"... which is totally fine. She started to say "actually, I just have a question" when he immediately put his hand in her face, rolled his eyes, and snarked "I said just a minute". WOAH, I'm sorry, but Sam the bartender, you just aren't that cool. In these instances, I usually try to close out with the bartender before moving to my table, so they get the tip. But this time, we transferred all 10 of our group's drinks to the table. I was not about to tip this guy for being such a dick. This first interaction left a REALLY sour taste in my mouth, and I hoped that the rest of the staff wasn't as rude as Sam.Lucky for us, we were seated not too long after. Feeling a little on the adventurous (and hungry) side, we went with the infamous corn, sweet breads, spanish tuna belly, garlic shrimp, cow tongue, bone marrow, and paella. Although the paella was a little on the salty side, everything was wonderful! The garlic shrimp was a real standout - especially when you ask for some bread to dip in that sauce. Yum!!Our waiter, Wesley was really great and super nice, along with the rest of the staff. I would definitely recommend this place for the restaurant. And while I don't want to make a broad generalization for all of the bar staff, if I came again and saw the same bartender, my group would definitely be waiting outside.One star for this popular tapas establishment. Don't get me wrong- The food is edible, despite being overly salty and greasy (I'm surprised no one has had a heart attack while dining here yet). It's simply not worth waiting two hours to get seated. Totally overrated. And by the way, I've had better corn before.Don't need to write about how great this place is.  Get the corn, it's cheap and you won't be disappointed.  The order of bacon wrapped dates only gets you two (albeit incredibly delicious) dates.  Get there early Fri-Sat or else you'll need to have a few drinks at the bar while you wait - is that supposed to be a bad thing?Go for the grilled corn alone. To die for!Also the serano ham, dates, foie gras, sweetbreads, and duck leg are excellent.This place is super crowded at dinner time and plays really loud music. Come early and get your name on the list.Wow! This place was amazing! Hands down probably one of the best restaurants I have eaten at.  The decor was nice, a little cramped, music was a little too loud but who cares when the food tastes that phenomenal. A definite stop if I'm ever back in Boston!Toro has been on my list of places to try for a very long time, and I have been so very lucky to get that chance on my last birthday.  Although the tapas were indeed small in size, each arrived to our table packed with flavor, leaving us both surprisingly full and satisfied. We arrived at around 6-7pm on a Thursday and were lucky to be able to obtain a table for two without any wait or problem.  On another occasion, we came on a rainy Sunday night and the place was packed; they told us at that time, the wait for two people would have been an hour!  Insanity!The restaurant itself is very dimly lit with small candles adorning each table.  The eating area is also very tight - I accidentally grabbed our neighbor's handbag by accident mid meal thinking it was my own!  Because of close quarters its easy to bump elbows and unintentionally eaves drop into other people's conversation.We decided to order:Paella Valenciana ($20)  - Shrimp, muscles, clams, chorizo, and chicken over Calasparra riceSomething similar to the Suquet de Mariscos ($16) - Had a tomato stew base with lobster, clams, muscles and stopped with a white mystery foamFilete a la Plancha ($15) - Hanger steak with cabrales butter and red onion with clams, lobster and muscles topped with a white mystery foamMaiz Asado con Aioli y Queso Cotija ($8) - House special grilled corn with lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese\The paella takes about 30 minutes to prepare and we received the other tapas first.  They gave us an accompaniment of bread to eat with our tapas.  The hanger steak was flavored well and the red onion marmalade had a sweet, pickled taste that surprisingly went well all together.  The steak itself was of course, small in portion and came in about 8-10 slices.Then we received the stew.  Very delicious and the bread we had was great for soaking up the sauciness of the dish.  Very little lobster was noted, however in this tapa.The half sized portion of paella was bigger than what I was expecting.  There was a good amount of seafood and meats and, like everything else we had, it was very flavorful.  I think I would have preferred the rice to be a bit less saucy, though we still finished each and every bit of it.  Then came the corn. I've heard amazing things and have seen endless pictures about this Godly corn and I'm happy I finally got to try it.  The plate came with 4 half pieces of corn smothered in aioli and coated generously with the cotija cheese.  It almost felt sinful to take a bite into one of these bad boys - decadent and just so darn good. My only complaint is that I wish there were more of it in an orderYes, it was pricey, and yes the portions of food are small.  But after reading a ton of helpful Yelp reviews, it was exactly what we had expected.  We left feeling content with the meal and our bellies full.Fantastic meal.  First time at Toro last night. We had a wide variety of plates which were all great but the corn, pork belly, and marrow really stood outWe went for a girls night last night. Not disappointed. We expected a wait and went across the street for a few drinks. Once seated at Toro, Caitlin took really good care of us. Great service and food. Loved the shrimp, the pork belly and the goat cheese. Fun atmosphere and well worth the price for a different night out.Came here a couple of Fridays ago with b. and two other friends for an impromptu dinner around 6 PM. Surprisingly, we did not have to wait and were seated right away at one of the high-top communal tables. And so it goes:DRINKS- Tinto de Verano (red wine & lemon-lime soda)A light, refreshing summer drink. We also appreciated the straw that it came with so to avoid developing the not-so-attractive red wine mouth.- Perro Picante (gin, grapefruit, spicy pepper w/ salt & chili pepper lined rim)A good balance between spicy and sweet. Just be careful of the chili pepper, which can leave a tingling sensation on the lips. Ooh la la.- Gypsy (gin, chartreuse, st. germain, lime)Refreshing without being too citrusy.PINCHOS & TAPAS- Patatas Bravas (fried potatoes w/ alioli & spicy tomato sauce)Piping hot and fried to crispy perfection. Though I love alioli, I only wish there were some ground up herbs mixed in as it seemed a little plain.- Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn w/ alioli, lime, espelette pepper, and aged cheese)A house specialty and with good reason. Warning: Bring floss / Maybe skip if this is a first date and you want to avoid any awkward messiness.- Pato con Membrillo (smoked duck drumettes w/ quince glaze)A little overcooked but the sweet glaze was delicious.- Filete a la Plancha (hanger steak w/ cabrales butter & red onion marmalade)b.'s and my favorite of the night. We ordered it medium rare (which it was) and the steak was so tender and well-seasoned. MMM, GET THIS.- Pan con Tomate (toasted bread w/ tomato, garlic, Spanish olive oil, & sea salt)An even spread of toppings, which were well-balanced in flavor, and most importantly, the bread stayed toasty.- Espárragos a la Plancha (grilled asparagus)Nicely grilled and tender.DESSERT- Churros & ChocolateCan't find any churros that are the same as the ones I had in Spain but since this is the only dessert option here, get it. I'm always tempted to drink the leftover chocolate like a shot but I don't because I'm a lay-dee.Overall, a much more memorable experience than my first time here, which was a while back. It also redeemed b.'s and my attempt to dine here one random night when we were thwarted by a private event during this past winter. Our waitress was very friendly and courteous. Be warned that space is tight and you can get quite cozy with your neighbors. The tapas portions can be small but we enjoyed sharing the ones that we got and felt pretty comfortable at the end of dinner. Drinks are solid and the food is yummy in my tummy. Will be back for more!Well if I didn't say before I'm saying it again.  This is still My FAVORITE PLACE TO EAT in Boston.  As usual the food amazing but tonight I felt they went above and beyond in service.  So I have a weird food allergy and I even forgot to mention it. We come here quite a bit that chef recognized me and had the bartender if I was allergic to turnips.  Yes I am!  What a great memory!  Thank you so much again for remembering and saving me from breaking out in hives!!!Time to forget "easy like Sunday morning" and get on Toro's brunch level.Man, oh man. Despite reading numerous complaints about the notorious line at Toro, I decided to give it a shot. I arrived around 12:30, and faced with a 25-minute wait, wandered hopelessly through the South End, moping my way into an adorable cafe for coffee and petting beautiful dogs on the sidewalk. My experience leads me to believe that not only can you survive the wait, but that you can thrive during it.Once seated, I was actually taken aback by the interior... exposed ceilings, wooden wine cabinets, chalkboard menus, and a hanging bull's head made from something other than actual bull. It was shockingly hip. At a cozy table beside the distressed brick wall, I decided to wake myself up with some yellowfin tuna crudo topped with spicy cucumbers, avocado, and yuzu. "Buttery" best describes this fish, which contained no noticeable amounts of butter, if any. I might not start breakfast off with it next time, but I'd certainly order it somewhere in the lineup.Next on the agenda was the legendary grilled corn with aoli, lime, and aged cheese. Was it the best thing to order on a first date? Probably not. Would I do it any differently the next time? Absofreakinglutely not. This was creamy, tangy, salty, sweet, crunchy and sloppy perfection on the cob. If an establishment is legendary for something, and that something is CORN, you best be getting it, because that's one hell of a feat. Pro tip: bring floss.Moving on to the main event, my date and I shared the soft scrambled eggs, crispy potatoes, sourdough toast, and mushrooms. We added a side of grilled avocado, which ended up being the standout component of the meal. The dish itself was high quality, but fairly basic... it definitely needed the avocado to reach drool-worthy standards.This whole time, an exceptionally cool waitress had been helping us out. Upon informing her of her exceptionally cool status, she cleared our plates and brought us complimentary digestifs. We walked out into the frigid, terrible weather feeling like a million euro, and promptly made note to give Toro a visit for dinner. Inspired, high quality tapas, a server so excellent I wanted to give them my phone number, and an interior reminiscent of a bar in Portland, conveniently located on prime property in the South End? Now that's my new standard for Sunday brunch.Not a big restaurant. Was crowded and came here on a weeknight and waited close to 45 min for a table. The tapas and drinks were good, the only complaint i have is the paella was too salty.Bring your tents. Cancel that. Why don't you just buy yourself a plane ticket to Spain because you will be seated equally fast and pay just as much. Plus get better food.This overpriced yuppie hang out will have you waiting outside for a decade.Enjoy the $85 patatas bravasSave yourself some time These squids are so fullOf themselves. Can't even hear yourself talking and food is not even that good.Dinner for shmucksYay! I'm a fan of Toro. Love the food, drinks . No so much the wait.  Oh well, that's price you pay for good stuff!I love trying new restaurants.  I pay attention to a openings and closings, and then the new openings. I never heard of Toro.  Not sure how I missed this place. I was very impressed with the great menu options.  Ordered the corn on the cob,  shrimp app and the burger. All three were excellent. The bartender basically ordered our entire meal.  Definitely heading back.First, I knew Toro was the real deal when I spied not one but two different bottles of Pappy van Winkle on their whiskey shelf: the 10 and the illusive 23.We waited approximately 30 minutes for a table to open up, but no matter, in addition to great whiskey's they also had Tank 7 from the Boulevard Brewing Company to help tide us over.The meal was delicious and moderately pricey - but worth it. We had the corn of the house (elotes), cod croquetas, brussel sprouts, tortilla espanola, and cow tongue. Our waiter was polite and had good timing, which is important when eating small plates.Great drinks! Atmosphere is wonderfulcorn / califllower are my favorites.. A bit salty sometimes: encourages more drinks :-)What flavor!  While in Boston on vacation this week we were fortunate to have someone recommend that we check this place out. Not only were the flavors amazing (the grilled corn and tortilla were my favorite) but the folks there were so friendly and we didn't feel any pressure to leave. I lived in Barcelona for a short while a few years back, and I don't remember ever experiencing such amazing flavor as this. Wish we lived in town - highly recommend it!!Had an excellent meal here. My expectations were sky high, as I've heard this is the best restaurant in Boston from multiple people for years. Finally got around to trying it and it fell short of that expectation, but was still very tasty and I would definitely return.All in all we tried the stuffed dates, tuna tartare, grilled corn, duck drumettes, empanadas, and pork ribs. All delicious. The stuffed dates were amazingly salty and sweet at the same time - perfect way to start a meal. Tuna was excellent, although I've had better preparations elsewhere. The corn was mouth wateringly good - just very messy - watch out first daters. The duck and the pork were both cooked perfectly, and were succulently juicy and seasoned well. The empanadas were fine - but not worth the price at a high end place like this.Service was fine. Ambiance was good; very loud - but I really don't mind that. This place is very small, and you practically sit on top of other people - which I hate, but the food is worth suffering through it. But be prepared to hear others' conversations and vice versa.I went to Brunch at Toro with high hopes based upon all the reviews I have read. The service started out well however the meal and kitchen had serious issues. I ordered Picadilla de Cerdo (Crispy Pork hash with eggs over easy). They came out burned (black) on the bottom. The kitchen was trying to hide how bad they it was burned instead of making a new order. I told the waitress and she sent them back. Their second shot at the Picadilla de Cerdo was a remake of my first order. (not joke same food). They had mushed up burned pieces from my first order to reshape the hash and recooked it. If you don't believe me take a look at my photos. My original eggs were on the plate now overcooked and no longer over easy. The fried potatoes were also now cold. All of this could have been resolved if they just remade my order when they first burned it and made taken responsibility for a kitchen error. Mistakes happen in restaurants all the time and if the staff communicated no one ever has a problem. The staff here don't apologize and try to hide their errors. I also ordered Foie Gras y Piquillo as an appetizer. It did not come until after my entrée. When I asked about my missing Foie twice, the second time I was told that Foie takes a long time to cook. (Not that case if you have ever cooked or eaten foie) Another stupid lie by our waitress. The Foie was also ridiculously small for $12. Two tiny pieces on a skewer with mostly pepper on the skewer. I also ordered the Vertresca which did arrive as an appetizer but honestly tasted like poor grade canned tuna. Not up to par by my standards for Tuna belly. I know there are a lot of great reviews on this place, but my experience at brunch was terrible.To paraphrase Yogi Berra: "No one goes to Toro anymore, it's too crowded." Of course, if the worst thing I can say about a restaurant is the absurd waiting time then it's gotta be pretty excellent. If you want to avoid a 2 hour wait, you either go on a weekday for lunch (full menu available), or you arrive when the bar opens at 4:30 for the first seating at 5pm. While it's inconvenient, I'd rather participate in the early bird meal than an agonizing hangry wait. The wine list offers lots of Spanish varietals, including sparkling, sherry, and wines on tap. Don't overlook the cocktail list, either - well balanced and creative drinks to start while you choose your tapas to order. First off, the corn? It's good, but really it's a vehicle for cojita and aioli. Once was enough for me. Sleeper dishes include the Catalan eggplant, smoked with sherry vinegar, the smoked duck drumettes with quince, crispy sweetbreads with blood orange and fermented black beans, and the perfectly fried empanadas stuffed with chicken and potatoes. A half order of paella is the perfect amount to split between two, sizzling in a cast iron pan for the perfect crusty socarrat to scrape up with table bread. Service is attentive, especially given the sizable crowds from the minute they open. Even though the throngs are dying for your table, I've never felt rushed out of dinner even with just a cup of coffee to finish the meal. Come early, or come prepared to wait. Spaniards eat late anyway, so you'll be really authentic with your 10pm dinner.I've been meaning to check out this restaurant, but usually deterred by how inconvenient it is to get to the South End. Luckily, something brought us to this area during a weekday, and I was able to sample their lunch menu. This place has a small outdoor dining area with small tables, nice for dining al fresco. The staff were ok, decent enough, though we had to ask our server 3x to get more bread, and both the server and the host seemed rather disinterested, no eye contact or affect, when seating us or checking in with us. The food itself was delicious, each tapas had such complexity in flavor and the dishes were rather unique, and hard to find something similar in the Boston area. I loved their cauliflower dish (Coliflor a la plancha) and their eggplant dish (Escalivada catalana) which paired perfectly with their bread (i.e., why we wanted to get some more bread at our table). Their slow-roasted lamb shoulder dish, which isn't on their menu right now, was my favorite; the meat was so tender, and I actually loved the fig that was on the dish and pairing it with the cauliflower dish! Their steak was tender (Bistec de faldilla a la plancha) though a bit one-noted. The only dish that was really lackluster was the patatas bravas...I'd recommend getting this only if you are getting a large assortment of other dishes, and need something to balance out the more savory items.  This place is worth checking out, however, not sure if it's worth waiting over 1 hr for a table though.I heard the wait was long for Toro (and they don't take reservations) so I was prepared when the hostess told us it would be an hour and a half. After two hours of waiting, yes two hours for a restaurant must be some kind of record, we were seated. The service was good and all of the food great. Everything we had was delicious and I really love the decor and vibe inside. However I think Barcelona Wine Bar in Brookline has just as great food and the wait might be 45 minutes max, and they take reservations. It is a bigger place than Toro, but I'm just not sure anything is worth a two hour wait.It's lost it's lustre, but not the crowds or the prices. Every time I've been back, I've felt the experience economizing around me. More people, faster table turnover, louder people. The first several visits had an simpler appeal. Fewer, better options. Now I'd prefer a humbler meal.how have I not written a review about this place??!???!friends took me here for bday brunch and it was soo delish!!!  I don't even remember what we ordered, but it was a lot of small plates and all tasty.  I need to go back for dinner and try Paella!!!!  Jamie's menu is very creative and flavorful!Early summer date night. Relaxed, welcoming and a fun culinary experience.  Perfectly mixed cocktails, delightful staff, ambience and mood. Beyond the food, the service was remarkable, in an establishment where the food shines. Can't wait to come back. Start cocktail heavy move to wine with food...Bravo.The chicken sandwich I had was just okay. I don't recommend it up against the other amazing things they have here! I picked the grilled corn based on the recommendations here on Yelp and wow... It is fantastic. Patatas Bravas was delicious. I dipped the bread (which doesn't come with butter or oil) in the leftover sauce from that dish and it was so good! There was a fried cod dish that was really great as well. Service was excellent. Smiling faces all around. I would most certainly go back and just get tapas only!! There are so many more I want to try.I have schizophrenic feelings towards Toro.  My first impression was poor - the waitress who greeted us must had been having a terrible day as we didn't receive a smile from her the entire time.  She also appeared to be annoyed in general every time we asked her a question, like "Can we have some olive oil or butter to go with the bread?"The food, however, was amazing. We kicked it off with the atun crudo - yellowfin tuna cebiche.  The mixture of soy, cucumbers, avocado, and a healthy dose of citrus made it a refreshing way to start off the meal.  We then had the lengua con lentejas y salsa verde aka beef tongue with lentils, and you guessed it, salsa verde.  The beef tongue was thinly sliced and very tender.  The lentils and the salsa verde turned out to be a match made in heaven. Finally, we had the paella valenciana (half size) with mussels, clams, shrimp, chorizo, chicken, and rice. It was three home runs in a row - the only critical comment on the paella - it was a bit too salty!  It would had also been great if the server had brought out the beef tongue first, rather than bringing it out with the paella as it was difficult to eat both quickly enough before they got cold.Afterwards, we asked another waiter if we could speak with the exec chef or owner as we were interested in learning more about the restaurant.  Though neither were around, we were introduced to Michael, who was cooking in the kitchen.  He was very patient and open to speaking with us and sharing us his thoughts. If not for that, this review would had been for three stars (especially given that I found a strand of hair in my paella)!There is not much I can say about Toro that hasn't been said but this place really is one of the hottest spots in town. During the last snow storm, with most of the roads empty on a Thursday night, it was still a 45min wait for a table. On a normal weekend, don't even bother - i called in and heard there was a 2.5 hr wait. That's crazy - but its worth it. If the wait could be sorted out, I would go more often.A must-try for Boston foodies. I've been here for dinner 4 times, and it never gets old. # Food- Based on the size of the tapas, ideal number of people is ~3-4 if a dish is meant to be shared with everyone in the party. Favorite dishes are:- Paella Valenciana (Toro's seafood paella is delicious. I prefer it to Estragon's. A half dish was adequate for three people, and a whole dish was slightly too much for four)- Patatas Bravas (hot delicious fried potatoes with aioli & ketchup-like sauce)- Maiz Asado etc. (Corn slathered in warm, cheesy, salty deliciousness. I joke with my friends that I would eat garbage if it were covered with this sauce.)- Uni Bocadillo (Sea urchin sandwiched between warm and crispy panini-esque bread. Delicious, but its smaller size makes it hard to share with more than two people)- The free bread (Make sure to request for olive oil to enjoy with the complimentary endless bread. My friends and I can never get enough of the bread & oil; we often joke that it is our favorite dish!)# Price- Like dim sum, tapas are better enjoyed with more people. If split amongst enough people (~3-4) the bill is comparable to a one-entree meal in a nicer South End restaurant.# Atmosphere - Very cozy (read: sometimes cramped), very hipster, very toasty.# Wait - They don't take reservations, and Toro always has a long wait (think at least 45 minutes during peak dinner hours). To make a point, the only times where I've eaten here without waiting are when I come right at opening time (~5 to 5:30), or on the evening of a Snowpocalypse (That's right! It's been my experience that Toro stays open through even the worst of storms, making it the perfect spot for a post-storm dinner.)# Service - Excellent.I went here with a large group and the wait was about 3 hours for 1.5 years ago so I don't remember all the details. We went across the street to this Tai place for some wine before dinner to kill the time. Almost everything we ordered was very tasty but also very expensive and relatively small portions. It gets four stars for great food but loses a star for relative inconvenience regarding wait times, crowdedness and price.I realized when I chose this place that it would be popular due to its many positive reviews, but I had no idea it would be a 45 minute wait popular. The place is tiny and, while it has bar seating as well as outdoor seating, it's just not enough. It needs to be much bigger for its popularity. But, it is what it is. Went in and waited about 15 minutes to even get a seat at the bar. I didn't get a drink until then either if that tells you how crowded it was. I eventually did get a seat and squeezed into the miniscule space afforded me. It was super uncomfortable, but I was excited about the food so...I love tapas bars. They have to be one of my favorite ways to eat. I love small plates I can mix and match that don't fill me up and allow me to try different things. This place does this amazingly. The menu, at least, is extensive for this kind of thing. I started off with the tortilla espanola, which is misleading, there is no tortilla in this. It confused me and I had to look at the ingredients of potato, onion and egg with alioli again. It was dense and tasted almost like a potato casserole. The flavors were bland, but the alioli really was a great addition and helped liven it up. It really was surprisingly delicious. Second was the ventresca. It was spanish tuna belly with tomato tapenade and celery leaves. The celery leaves were just pretty, they added no flavor. This sat on a piece of toasted bread and was probably the least fishy thing I've ever tasted in dish made primarily of fish. It was really mild, but flavorful. The tastes here sort of built up until I got to the finale, for me anyway. I had the gambas al ajillo. This was griddled garlic shrimp with cascabel chilies. Those chilies were the highlight of my whole day. They're very thin and wispy, they seem to be a distraction at first, until it hits your mouth. You cannot believe the flavor of those chilies. I'm definitely going to be cooking with those. The only downside for me was that the huge shrimp were delivered tail-on. There is just no delicate way to get those things off. I dislike it very much. But, these shrimp were unforgettable. Do try, you won't be disappointed.I had churros for dessert, their only dessert actually, and they were standard churros dipped in standard dark chocolate, but were just what I needed. Service here is spectacular. The food came out quickly, I got drinks pretty fast once I sat down, and everyone was friendly. Really enjoyed the personalities here. I definitely see why this is a popular place, just make sure to make reservations!We originally planned to come to Toro for dinner, but decided to come for brunch instead.  The menu doesn't really vary between lunch and dinner, but I'd definitely go back for dinner.Having been to many tapas bars in Spain and in the US, I felt that the ambience and menu were pretty spot on.  We had the tortilla (served cold, just like Spain), patatas bravas, jamon, bacon wrapped dates, and blood orange mimosas.It seemed like we arrived just before the brunch rush around 10:30 but it was filling up pretty quickly.  That being said, we never had to flag down our server and we were in and out back on the road in about half an hour.We're going back to Boston this weekend and I wouldn't be surprised if we found ourselves back at Toro.Best tapas in Boston. Ok everyone knows that, try and get a table on Friday or Saturday... They stayed open in the middle of a snow storm, and made some paella which was phenomenal and worth the wait! I suggest going during the week... You'd prob get a table a bit easier!This place is freaking AWESOME! Came here on a Sat night around 6:30 and was told the wait was going to be about 2 hours... They have a separate list for the bar and you can ask the bartender to put you on that list but you have to stay the whole time to wait for a seat. We chose to just leave our phone number with the hostess and came back when a table opened up. In the meantime we walked across to Seiyo, but that's another review...We got a call within 1-1.5 hours and headed over. There are larger raised tables as well as many tables along the walls. There's a nice big bar and an open kitchen so you can see the chefs while they prepare the food. We were seated and quickly handed menus. The only thing is it's a little dark here and the menu is EXTENSIVE! So many item!!! We ordered:Pimientos del Padron (Shishito Peppers) - Grilled shishito peppers. Some peppers had too much salt, other parts didn't have any flavor... This dish could be improved.Coles de Bruselas a la Plancha (Brussel Sprouts) - I felt like ordering some veggies and these were very good. Tasty and charred nicely.Hamburguesas (Hamburger) - small slider like burgers. Meat was nicely cooked and juicy, but the most normal of all the dishes.Pato con Membrillo (Duck Drumettes) - came with two... nice flavor and very tastyMaiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (Grilled Corn) - a very famous dish of theirs... Very tasty... JUST GET IT! Panza de Cerdo (Pork Belly) - very nicely cooked. I only like the lean meat part of pork belly since I just don't like the texture of the fat parts... But still good.Paella Valenciana (half) - Ahhh what can i say about this dish... The seafood was good. The rice had all the seafood flavors infused in it. the portion size was just right for two after all our other tapas. It was so deliciousFor dessert we got the churro with chocolate dipping sauce. I was SO STUFFED but this was so delicious. I actually don't like chocolate too much and I don't like anything too sweet. The chocolate wasn't too sweet at all and slightly bitter. This was actually a very nice combo and I ate it ALL. MmmmmOur server was very attentive all night and everyone in the restaurant moved with intent and speed. They're very efficient at turning over tables, but hey, for such a busy place I bet they have to. It was a great experience and I would def come back again!What can be said of Toro that hasn't yet been said? I've been there dozens of times and food truly never fails. I would have given it 4.5 and only took .5 off because they don't take reservations and there is always the lengthy wait.The chefs are amazing and never fail to satisfy at both Toro and Coppa. Some of my favorites are the hot green peppers, the tuna crudo (wow!), salt cod fritters and grilled corn. Oooo and let me not forget the absolute must vegetarian paella.Good service, great tapas, and strong drinks (try the Nantucket Mule). My favorites are the grilled corn with aoili & cheese, duck drumlettes, and cauliflower hash. The paella was very flavorful, but far too salty in my opinion. I don't know if I would order the paella again, but the tapas were great. Toro is a great place to try in South End!The best food I had in Boston in a long time. It was loud but in a fun way rather than an annoying way. I especially appreciate the DMX, Ludacris, and other late 90s, early 2000s hits they blasted. I pretty much wanted to dance while I ate my tapas. Here's what we ordered:Bacon wrapped pate- salty and delicious Mussels with chorizo- flavorful and they gave us way more than I expected (bowl of about 10), definitely recommendOctopus- a little on the chewy side but still really tastyBone marrow- yes. yes yes yes.Churros- A churro is delicious in itself. Where these differentiated themselves is the chocolate dipping sauce that came with them.I'll also add that we got the house sangria, which I wont comment on really because I'm not a huge sangria person to begin with. However, I will say I appreciated that it was more winey rather than super sweet. I also got the "perro picante" which was basically a spicy gin martini which I LOVED. If you like hot sauce I definitely recommend this drink.I really like this place, but come early (like 1-2 hours before you're planning to eat dinner) to put your name/number in and go elsewhere for a couple drinks. There is always a wait, but it's worth it IF you don't have anywhere to be for a couple hours/don't mind grabbing apps or drinks elsewhere/live in the area. Cozy, intimate atmosphere. Some of the standout tapas: cauliflower a la plancha, grilled corn with aioli etc (get ready to make a mess), gambas al ajillo (yummy shrimp)Some of the tapas I'd avoid: pork belly (this was less crispy, more fatty), patatas bravas (usually love these, but toro's need a little more spice to it)Overall, rounding up. Looking forward to trying brunch!Disclaimer: I love tapas. I am indecisive and like small portions - so it's kind of perfect. I've only been here once - but have been jonsing to go back. I'm writing this review quite late so I don't remember everything we ate but dishes that stood out were the corn and the heart. We did have to wait quite a long time for a table. They don't take reservations so I recommend going at an odd hour - or on a day that you don't mind spending some time hanging out with a drink.Go across the street and sit out your lengthy wait with a drink at Seiyo. The wait may be long but Toro is worth it. Two trips and two five star experiences. Everything I had was amazing. The sangria was delicious, the food was magnificent, the service was top notch. What could be better than that? *awkward giggle*Seriously, Toro will not disappoint. Try the grilled corn. Sounds weird. Isn't. I'm out of gushing adjectives. On both trips, I was even pleasantly surprised when the bill came. How often does that happen?This is a fantastic South End spot I'll go back to time and time again.I love this place and its delicious food, nice wine list, and comfortable ambiance.  My first time at Toro was on vacation to Boston from the west coast a few years ago. The brunch, spicy black bean side and sangria were so memorable it was the first place I wanted to stop when I moved back, and since then I've brought every out of town visitor here for some tapas and drinks on their tour of Boston.Always 5 stars for the food, whether I've gone for brunch, lunch or dinner. I can echo the other reviewers for the delectable, delicious, perfectly grilled and cheesed corn, but my must-order dish is absolutely the asado de huesos, the roasted bone marrow.  That trio of savory marrow, salty oxtail marmalade and sweet/tangy citrus on buttery, toasted bread is unreal. Though bone marrow is never a huge serving anywhere, we had a pretty sizeable portion of marrow cooked perfectly at my most recent visit.Other notable menu items are the datiles con jamon (dry-cured ham wrapped dates stuffed with almond and blue cheese), coliflor a la plancha (roasted cauliflower), escalivada catalans (smoked eggplant spread) and for lunch, the milanesa bocadilla (pressed chicken) sandwich.  I love these dishes so much I'm always too full to try some of the other things on the menu that sound amazing, like the patatas bravas or corazon.The only downside is that epic spicy black bean dish I had for brunch the first time is no longer on the menu, but considering the other delicious dishes I've found, you won't hear me complaining too loudly.If I rated this place solely on food, it'd be a 5 star.  If I rated it solely on space and ambiance it'd be a 1 star.  If you don't mind small places (like most of the restaurants in North End) where the tables are stacked on top of each other, and you're sitting as close to strangers as you are your own company, then you will probably love this place because the food is indescribably good.  I'm 6'7" though, and I just couldn't get comfortable at this place.  People bumped into me on their way to their tables or the bathroom pretty much the entire time I was there, which is very annoying after a while, and it was actually pretty noisy too.  I was shocked at how much corn you get for the money.  Next time I might only order corn (it's so freaking good)... although I'll probably have to go on a Thursday afternoon or something, because this place is way too packed for my tastes for dinner.Now there's a Toro in NYC... I don't know whether to rejoice or play the youngest-child don't-touch-my-things card. Also, anyone who reviews Toro with less than five stars doesn't deserve internet access.This is definitely the best food I have ever had in Boston so far. Yeah I waited for 1 hour and 20 mins, but man was it worth it!! Everything we had was literally AMAZIINNGGG!! Rabbit & chicken terrine, cauliflower , gambas, pardon, dates wrapped in bacon, octopus.. Everything was 10 out of 10.. If u haven't been.. You're missing out!!! xx much love3 zillion reviews left with high marks, I'm more interested in sharing my favorites/what I'd skip for my own future visits (and hopefully for yours too).Go at lunchtime!  Hopping, but not crowded - my office went with 12 people for a goodbye celebration lunch, and  had no trouble.  They still had folks out on tables carving fish for us to see (like a rustic french sushi bar), and service moved pretty quickly.  Not necessarily business-lunch time, but certainly mindful-of-time-constraints lunch time.All of the food we had was good, but there's some I would absolutely have to get again and others I'd say were tasty but would rather trade out for something else.The not to miss:~Duck legs with quince - my favorite item of the lot, sticky, sweet, savory, and I gnawed it to the nubs.  Comes with 2 large legs.  Heaven.~Atun Crudo - the raw yellowfin.  Almost at the duck's level of amazingness.~Patatas Bravas - I'm not a mayo person so I pretty much stuck with ones in the tomato sauce, but they were a necessary compliment to the meal.~Olives.  I'm not sure how one can do tapas without olives.  The big ones more flavorful than the small with a lemon marinade, all were good for snacking in between other more major items.~Pimientos de Pedron - the roasted peppers were delicious, but just make sure your fellow diners are on board for giving it a go - hardly spicy at all, but definitely too many peppers for one to take on all by his/herself.Good, but I'd pass next time~The grilled corn was delicious but messy!  I like my corn a little less cheesy.~The oysters were beautiful and tasty, but added $$ to the bill and were too easy to fly through with so many other goodies~Pan con Tomate - tasty but boring.  Next time I'd get it with the anchovies to make it worthwhile.~Coliflor a la plancha - beautiful roast, but too greasy for me.  It tasted heavier than I was expecting.Everything was good, many things outstanding, not sure when I'll be back but I'm already looking forward to my next trip!I am by no means a corn expert.  I grew up with a somewhat unhealthy obsession with Green Giant canned corn (don't judge).  So take my advice for what you will, but GET THE GRILLED CORN!!!  So good.  You know that scene in Les Mis where Hugh Jackman/Jean Valjean gets food from the priest after nearly starving to death.  Yeah, that was me.  I owned that corn.Another highlight of the night included the smoked duck drumettes (picture the same scene as described above, only this time it was my husband).The patatas bravas which everyone seems to rave about are just okay.  Get two orders of the corn instead.  Hell, get three.  It's that good.I come for the corn and stay happy with everything else i get from crudo to foie to the occasional salt crusted bassExcellent food and service. The house red wine was very good as well. A little pricey and do wish the portions were a little bigger... But it is tapas... Highly recommendedHi Sunman here,The Mrs and I were in Boston over 4th of July weekend for a wedding.  We have been hearing great things about Toro and just had to stop for Sunday lunch and check it out.Everything we had heard and more was true.  We loved the menu, there was no line, seated immediately and started trying things.  We had the green grilled peppers. Yummoooo.  Serano ham, Yummooooo.  White anchovies.  Yumooooo.  Corn grilled with cheese...SUPER Yummooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  and then were full...  We had several glasses of wine and skipped any dessert.We are headed back to Boston in September and will try some more of the menu, it is nowour favorite restaurant in Boston.  Union Oyster house for oysters, lobster and chow-da butToro is number one.Only down side of our visit was parking.  There is none!  Street parking is hard to find and somewhat restricted to locals who have a permit.  No lots are in the area and Toro had NO parking.  We had to park about six blocks away and walk which was not a problem for us, but may be for some people.You can't help but have a good time here and a great meal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Toro doesn't take reservations so it can be a long (long as in 2 hours) wait, but if you go in knowing that then you are good to go. Prices seemed reasonable for drinks and food. The food and service were both good.  I wasn't overly wowed, but it was definitely a great meal.I enjoy tapas style eating and would suggest coming with a group so you can get several small plates to share and sample. They have tables outside in the summer.Toro has a great atmosphere, we went there at 6 pm and it was jam packed inside and out.. we had to squeeze ourselves onto the bar tables to get a drink ad grab a bite, well the menu was so interesting that we ended up having dinner there. Drinks were great! I ordered a ginger based cocktail.. and for food we ordered the Pimientos Del Padron (not spicy at all ..try it!), Coliflor A La Plancha (Amazing preparation Must try!), Potato Brava (regular home fries with dips.. strictly ok) and Paella De Calabaza Rutabega Y Nabos (this was a delight!).. it was the first paella of my life and I am so glad it was at Toro.. It took almost 30 - 40 minutes to make which proves they made it fresh from scratch and came piping hot and yummy. I and my husband shared the HALF size and we still had left overs.. The entre portions are big so chose the size wisely. This place has so many vegetarian options that it was a heaven for us.. we did not have to scramble for choices nor did we have to substitute anything.. which is how I like..Highly recommend this place for drinks and dinner!I had to take the hubs here for his birthday when we visited last weekend. The wait was 1.5 hours on a Friday night. We didn't get seated until 9pm but we got outside seating which was perfect. Outside seating is better; more calm and gave us a relax vibe like we were in Spain with the breeze and amber street lights.We got a ridiculous amount of food for two - but so what, it was a celebration!-Pimientos de Padron (spicy green peppers)-Foie Gras y Piquillo (seared foie gras)-Atun Crudo (yellowfin tuna)*-Corazon (smoked beef heart)*-Maiz Asado con Alioli... (grilled corn)-Navajas a la Piancha (seared razor clams)-Asado de Huesos (roasted bone marrow)*-Mollejas (Crispy sweetbreads)-Coppa con Lentejas...(Roasted pork neck with lentils)**favorites of the nightFor drinks we had the Fresita and Cock O the WalkIt was a fantastic dining experience. Our server was very knowledgeable and suggested most of our tapas. I love to be adventurous with my food and Toro provided a perfect setting for that. The chefs here really know what they're doing and the balance of flavors in each plate was spot on.Just finished eating at Toro!  Everything was absolutely amazing!  We arrived around 4:30 and we're greeted by a friendly bar tender who recommended a delicious dry red wine until it was time to sit and eat at 5:30.  Once we sat we ordered the tuna tartar, patatas bravas, smoked beef heart, Serrano ham, roasted bone marrow with oxtail marmalade, and bacon wrapped pork pate.  Everything was executed perfectly and the balance of flavors was on point.  Unfortunately we had to depart for a show at the House of Blues but we will definitely be back up from Providence to continue working our way through the menu!  Cheers to you, Toro, for the best meal I think I've had thus far in this life!I like this restaurant, good food and serve. Every time I came there needed to wait for quite a while. Best avoid the rush hour and cold weather. You don't want to wait outside in cold. Food is great, drink is great too.I came back to Boston and revisited this spot again.We got 12 items from rabbit pate to crispy pork belly to tuna with uni to bread with tomato 'sauce'.  Every dish was phenomenal.  We had some sangria as well. I enjoyed my experience even more the second time around.This is probably the best Spanish tapas restaurant I have ever been to, in any city.Delicious foods, trendy (yet slightly loud) atmosphere, and totally reasonable prices for South Boston. Makes for a great date spot.The tapas are all pretty reasonably priced and portioned, so I'd encourage getting a diverse selection for kicks. The empanadas were phenomenal; I want them always! Also grabbed the Paella Valenciana, which was great, but only get the half-size if you're getting other tapas, because it's pretty big.One more thing is if you're a fan of ciders, check out their Spanish cider offerings. They're the real stuff, bottle conditioned with live yeast. Sour and tasty!Toro I like the place and Decor, the sangria was not bad. The food was average and if your with a group of people you can't hear your self talking It's very expensive as far as average tapas places the paella Valenciana was so and so and again for the price it should be the top of the menuToro is the joint creation of Ken Oringer and Chef Jamie Bissonnette (a James Beard Foundation nominee for Best Chef, Northeast 2013) that opened in 2005 and is expanding to a second location in New York City later this year. A Barcelona-style tapas restaurant  featuring locally sourced ingredients in the South End, Toro has been met with critical acclaim, and a large fan-base.I have had Toro on my go-to list for a while now, but with no reservations being accepted, and three-hour waits being known on the weekends for dinner, I thought I would never find the time. One day after work I ran over to be there for their 5pm opening, figuring I would be seated immediately and guaranteed a spot! I was met with about 30 other people that had the exact same idea. Shocked, I added my name to the list, and sat at the bar while waiting for a table. I enjoyed a cocktail (the Briarpatch made with housemade raspberry vodka, rhubarb and lime), which was a bit sweet for me (but I'm a bit of a baby when it comes to sugary cocktails). A few minutes later we were seated at a tall table with stools, and by the time we were seated almost all of the tables had already been spoken for. I was amazed, and even more excited for the food with all of this popularity. We started with the tortilla espanola, an egg, potato & onion omlet with aioli. This was my favorite dish of the entire night, and I couldn't stop eating it. I may have eaten more than my fair share of this dish, and I'm not really sorry about it, because it was so worth it. Next was the dish I thought would be the healthiest and lightest dish of the night, the gambas al ajillo: griddled garlic shrimp with cascabal chilies. I wasn't expecting a thick sauce nor a heap of saffron, and was looking forward to a punch of garlic, but was so sad when these didn't work out. I couldn't taste any garlic, nor any chilies, but rather just tasted an overpowering saffron. Our next dish was the empanada de pollo y patatas: housemade chicken and potato empanada with tomatillo salsa and aioli. This dish was unmemorable for me, but my friends ranked it as one of their favorites for the meal. Half of the table, myself included (obviously), shared the asado de huesos: roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmalade. This was my friend's first time experiencing bone marrow, which he concluded tastes like "butter, but on crack". Valid comparison. This dish ended up being my second favorite of the night, but mostly because of the perfect oxtail marmalade, which was just sinfully delicious. Our second to last course was the costilla de buey: kabayaki glazed short ribs with chilled farro, cucumbers, radish and hazelnuts. While ordering, this was the one dish I was most excited for, but sadly it was not my favorite. Although the meat was perfectly prepared and tasted like soft beef stew in each bite, the glaze overpowered the cucumber, radish, and hazelnut taste, and we were left with only a pinch of a hit of salt as a finishing taste. Our final dish were the famous house special maiz asado con aioli y queso cotija: grilled corn with aioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese. Dining with a Texan, he did not seem fazed by the layers of heaviness propped on this special. On the other hand, the Northeasterns were quite intimidated, used to our steamed fresh corn with a sprinkling of salt and a light slather of butter, this was quite different. With the charred bits tasting of popcorn, the taste was there, but this was the heaviest vegetable I've ever eaten. Also, this was the ugliest dish to eat, as we were left wiping slathered aioli off our faces, not so cute.  Although full at this point, we asked to just see the desserts, but the menu is verbal and consists of cheese or CHURROS. Obviously we had to say yes to churros...I mean, really, who says no to churros? Doused in cinnamon-sugar and served with a thick chocolate sauce, this dessert was just the heavy cherry on top of the heavy dinner we had just ingested. The choice to get churros was definitely our fault, and I take responsibility for that fault. As we rolled our way out of the restaurant, we compared dishes. Some preferred the empanadas, we all agreed on the tortilla espanola, and we disagreed on the corn. In the end, I was a bit let down, and so torn. I had such high expectations, and there were definitely some shining dishes (oxtail marmalade, yes please), but we all left so uncomfortable after eating such heavy dishes (with so many including aioli), that I'm not sure if I will return. If I do go back, I will definitely be ordering more off of the left side of the menu, the smaller bites, and the cold dishes, to attempt to try some lighter dishes they offer.A great piece of information is the fact that they serve the entire dinner menu on their lunch menu as well, so if you're in the area, stop in for your chance of a less-crowded spot for a lunch!Believe the hype!I have been to Toro at least 5 times.  It's always 5 stars.  The restaurant is located in the South End.  Parking can be difficult as they do not always have valet.  Also they do not take reservations.  If you arrive early enough, it is not too bad a wait.  They have a nice but crowded bar to help pass the wait.  After you get through these hurdles, the food is stunning.Offering a mix of cold and hot tapas, the variety and attention to flavor will keep you ordering more and more.  Always hold onto at least one menu because you will want to keep ordering.  Top dishes include the corn with melted sweet cheese, the bone marrow, the duck legs, and of course the paella.  Definitely, save room for the paella.  It's perfect for a table of 2-4.  Toro is definitely to go-to place for high-end tapas and is absolutely fit for foodies.I am of Spanish descent and have had tapas in Madrid and Bilbao.  The tapas at Toro are terrific and quite authentic.The sangria is excellent and a nice way to accompany the meal.  They have terrific wines as well.It is worth noting that you get excellent value for your money at Toro.  Portions are good sized and your will leave comfortably full!Overall, it's absolutely worth the wait!Had a really nice catch-up dinner here with an old friend. You've got dim lighting, brick walls, dark wood paneling - all making for a really nice vibe. While dinner was a little pricey, we had really good drinks and food and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.COST: $76 (NOT including tip) for 2 drinks, 3 small plates, and 2 large plates - a good meal for two.MUST-HAVES: Datiles con jamon, Grilled corn, Pork BellyDinner menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/toro…~~DRINKS~~* pecca - 4 starsSpicy & sweet - a really good drink!* caihaicuaMore on the tart/sweet side, light and good!~~PINCHOS~~* Datiles con Jamon - 4.5 starspic: (Medjool dates filled w/ Marcona almonds & Cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in Jamon Serrano. $6 for two)Delicious! Nice and crisp meat, and I love the almond/cheese combo - you get some sweet, some salty, some crunchy, some savory in there.* Tortilla Espanola - 3 starspic: (Egg, potato and onion omelette w/ alioli. $5 for three pieces)Spongy and soft - I do wish this had more texture, and the sauce was a little bland.* Atun Tartare - 3.5 starspic: (Tuna tartare w/ coconut milk, lime, mint, cilantro and grilled toast. $12)This had more of a guacamole texture. There were good flavors and it tasted great on the crispy bread. However, it was not as exotic as the description made it out to be (couldn't taste teh coconut milk, lime, or mint).~~TAPAS CALIENTES~~* Maiz Asado con Ailioli y Queso Cotija - 4 starspic: (La Especialidad de la Casa. Grilled corn w/ alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese. $8 for two cobs cut into four pieces)The corn was a tiny bit undercooked (if I'm being picky), but this had amazing spices and aioli - definitely a stand-out in the meal! I also like that they allowed us to do a half order of this.* Panza de Cerdo - 4.5 starspic: (Crispy pork belly with vermouth-carrot puree, anise hyssop, kimchi vegetables. $14)Amazing! Loved the crisped piece of skin on top. The meat itself was wonderfully fatt, soft, and super tender. The puree was delicious, perfectly textured and with a good sweet flavor. This was a little pricey though for a single, albeit amazing, piece of pork.I have been living in Boston for a while and I won't say I explored every culinary option in this area, but I didn't necessarily highly regard Boston gastronomy scene that high UNTIL I went to Toro. Toro changed my opinion. Small Spanish tapas restaurant with mouthful delicious dish options... I was impressed. And I am addicted to Empanada. The chilly peppers are good, too. It's small place and gets quite crowded. All you need is patience and hungry belly.NO RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED. My friend and I were super lucky. Boston weather was unpredictable as usual. Rained the entire day, until nighttime. Patio seats were still wet, but skies had cleared up. There was one 2-person table left in their outdoor seating section and we had a choice: a 1-hour wait, or immediate seating with the risk the chance of it raining. Sometimes, you just have to go for it! Must-Haves: Corn (Maiz Asado) with Alioli and cheese is absolutely delectable. Sweet sweet corn underneath the thick coat of creamy cheese. The marinated oysters (ostras en escabeche) were beautifully presented on mounds of salt. It was a refreshing dish. Well worth the $3 per oyster. I highly recommend going with the Tinto de Verano which is a popular favorite in Spain. Tastes similar to sangria except it's made with lemon-lime soda instead of fruits.I'd really love to try the Uni Bocadillo, patatas bravas and roasted bone marrow if I ever gt the chance to come back.Long wait - delicious food - buzzing atmosphere. We got there at 6:15 to wait for a table for 5. We were told the wait would be about 2.5 hours (expected), so we left our phone number, went to Seiyo Sushi & Wine Shop across the street and leisurely enjoyed two bottles of wine, with no pressure to order any food (but this belongs in a separate review). 2 hours 45 minutes later, we got the call, went back to Toro and enjoyed a beautiful rich tapas meal on high tables in a dark trendy room. Within an hour, we were out the door again. So, be prepared for a very disproportionate waiting-to-eating ratio, but it is totally worth it, just don't show up hungry. Between five of us, we ordered 7 dishes from the extensive Menu, and had room for desert. We ordered:Jamon Serrano de Fermin - Premium cured spanish hamPaella Valencia (half portion) - includes shrimp mussels clams chroizo chicken and riceMussels and chorizoMollejas - Crispy veal sweetbreadsGambas al Ajillo - garlic shrimpPanza de Cerdo - Crispy pork belly with roasted pumpkin and other tasty ingredientsAnd of course, the grilled corn!The sweetbread was my personal favourite - it was delicious and I don't usually see it on Tapas menus, but everything was extremely flavourful.I don't know what to think of this place.  I loved the atmosphere, we had great service, and I actually didn't even mind the wait.  But....I just didn't get the food.Our party had the heart, tripe, uni bocadillo, the corn everyone raves about, paella Valenciana, spicy green peppers, cauliflower, pork belly, burgers, empanadas and potatoes, marrow, and figs wrapped in bacon (It was a large party, but admittedly, we over-ordered -- easy to do).So here's the thing:  ALL OF IT WAS GOOD. The more exotic items, like heart, seemed to be disguised or camouflaged in a sea of fats and seasoning.  So of course those would taste good, but that's just it -- I couldn't taste the flavor of the food itself.  It's almost like when mom tries to hide vegetables in a dish so her kid will eat it.  The only things that I found outstanding were the figs wrapped in bacon and burgers.  The flavor was incredible in that you could taste the main feature of the dish instead of just everything surrounding it. I thought the corn was gross.  It was more like butter, with a side of corn.  I would LOVE the butter with the corn, but the butter was actually overwhelming.  I definitely would recommend coming here to try the place, but I'd also probably choose other restaurants before this one.So nice, we went back twice!Okay, enough with the cheesy lines. Usually when I'm traveling for business I try to eat at as many unique, local places as I can. This plan was rudely interrupted by Toro when we made the mistake of going the FIRST night we were in town and then were completely obligated to go again. Because wow. Why wouldn't you?Okay. Seriously? This place is pretty freakin' awesome. It's packed and that's kind of a hassle (we ate at the bar the first night...and we had trouble getting a spot even there), but it's totally worth it. We ended up consuming (over two nights):Kiwi and Tarragon specialty cocktailsHibiscus Tequila and ginger specialty cocktailsJamon-wrapped dates (two nights in a row, and two orders the first night)Escargot with wild mushrooms (off-menu and wonderful)Cuttlefish (which we got for free when they heard we had come back two nights in a row)Jamon Serrano (oh my god YUM)Shrimp (two nights in a row--it was amazing)Grilled Corn (may be the best thing in the world)Brussel Sprouts (two nights in a row. Must learn to make this)Catalan Seafood StewDuck (two nights in a row -- one order was just for my boss alone AND he ordered another order to go)Pork Belly (the only just-good-not-great item...though the kimchee with it was tasty)Griddled banana bread dessert (which I wanted the second night but alas--fresh desserts every night)Homemade churros dessertWhat I really want now after typing this review: The garlicky shrimp and the chili-grilled corn with aged cheese and lime aioli.The food is just...really, really good. REALLY good. And if you're confused about how much to order for your number of people they will help you out. It's not cheap, but really? I don't mind not-cheap when the food tastes divine.Good food, but be ready to wait! This place is so good, everyone wants to be here. Service at the bar and our table was excellent. We tried the corn on recommendation from the waitress - yum!! Steak was good too! Try this place for sure!!!This place was packed on a Tuesday night! The hostess informed us that there was a 1-2 hr wait, but there were a couple of tables open outside -no one wanted to sit in the cold. My date and I were starving so we opted for a table outside. We got to ordering right away:ATUN TARTARE - Delicious tuna tartare. Loved the use of coconut milk. PAELLA VALENCIANA - Yum!! This was definitely one of my favorites. Super flavorful and filling rice dish with mussels, clams, chorizo, shrimp, and chicken. ASADO DE HUESOS - Bone marrow was absolutely divine with the oxtail marmalade. PATO CON MEMBRILLO - Smoked duck. This dish was good, but the glaze was overwhelmingly sweet.VENTRESCA - Tuna belly. I really didn't enjoy this dish very much. I prefer uncooked fish. I did like the tapenade. UNI BOCADILLO - Uni should never be served hot! I'm not a huge uni fan in the first place, so warm uni was hard to stomach! While waiting for our food, my date and I were freezing our butts off! The waitress noticed and offered up tea. A must if you're sitting outside. But worry not! Once the food arrives that's all you'll be concentrating on. :P Toro is a great place for a date. It's intimate and extremely fun choosing dishes. Quick tip: I'd go with the first three dishes that I reviewed!!There's a bit of a disconnect between the hyper casual atmosphere (super cramped seating, beer in cans, cheap stamped sheet metal utensils, loud 80's metal on the sound system) and the prices on the menu. The food was well prepared and flavorful. The service was friendly, prompt and knowledgable. But 10 bucks for a tiny order of Brussels Sprouts will give you an idea of the sticker shock that's coming.Directly besides Mike's City Diner in the South End, just two blocks down from Flour Bakery the First, lies Toro of Ken Oringer, a dimly lit yet not overtly romantic tapas spot.It was brunch time on a Sunday afternoon, and Mike's was stuffed to the brim, but we easily got ourselves a table at Toro.  Service provided by our server was pleasant and patient and helpful.The two of us ended up sharing a number of items from both the Deysayunos (breakfast entrees, I'd guess) and the Tapas menus, and tossed one in from the Antojitos options (sides probably).. Picadillo de Cerdo $12 - crispy pork hash with eggs over easy, fried potatoes, and sourdough toast.  I ordered my egg over hard and over hard is what I got.  The pressed/squashed patty of hash was stuffed full of moist shredded pork and was nicely browned on both outer surfaces.  The fried potatoes were fried just right with a nice crisp.  The toast was a bit over grilled (aka charred black) in spots, but the taste was good otherwise.  On the whole, this dish was tasty, but would have been rather light for a meal all on its lonesome.. Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija $8 - La Especialidad de la Casa.  Grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese.  This arrived 5 half cobs on the plate all dressed up with the greasy goodness.  Although it would probably be better when fresh corn is in season.. Asado de Huesos $10 - roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmalade.  Half of a single large bone arrived on a hefty chopping board with two slices of toast generously slathered with a portion of gorgeously brown shredded meat - how is that marmalade?  It was tasty, but I did find it rather odd that the toast had arrived pre-garnished... I've only ordered marrow one time previous, but isn't marrow supposed to be spread on the crisp toast first?  Late in our meal, a plate of sliced bread was brought over, which was just perfect for finishing off the rich gelatinous marrow.. Grilled Avocado $5.  Half a avocado grilled and dressed up with aged cheese and I don't know what, but I enjoyed its creamy smoothness with the eggs and hash.At $21 apiece, dining at Toro was a bit rich (monetarily) for lunch but we quite enjoyed ourselves.  3.5 stars.  Unfortunately, they do not take the Discover card.They have two single unisex bathrooms in the back, but the one I visited was rather dark, had no toilet paper holder nor purse hook, and the electric hand-dryer was inconveniently placed such that your hands might hit the handicap rail in the process of drying your hands.Going here for brunch was a great idea---we walked right into this spot with a part of 4 at 11:30am on a Sunday! Beats the 1.5-3 hour wait I hear happens for dinner here!Plus their brunch menu still has a lot of the tapas they have at dinner, but you can't get their famous paella during brunch. So if that is what you want, then you have to suck up the wait time. BUT if you are fine without the paella, the chilaquiles meal comes in a nice hot flat pan, so you can imagine it is that! Plus with the fried egg on top and the avocado, that braised chicken in there you could think was a pork of some sort since it was all so rich in flavor. And the chips are pretty much double fried in that dish too making it that much more amazing in flavor (and yes, that means you should not be counting calories here ha ha). We also got their corn which was smothered in this aged cheese and lime goodness and it was pretty tasty, their hot green peppers needed a little more of the sea salt on them and we got a spicier batch than usual so in case you can't handle spice this might not be the choice for you, and we got this lamb pate that was meatier than the usual pate I've had but it was served with this carrot sweet marmalade that was pretty great. The best thing by far, although at $3 a piece a pretty steep price tag if you ask me, were their dates stuff with marcona almonds and blue cheese and wrapped in jamon serrano! Man so so good, but $3 is a lot to spend on one little bite, but I would argue that was worth it. So I wasn't 100% impressed with every food order, but the ambiance here is great, the service is great minus the fact that my coffee cup was not always full which is a big no no for brunch for me, and they sat us by a window that does not keep out the cold, so I was a bit freezing during the meal....But some of those dishes were just awesome, so I will definitely be back, hence the 4 star upgrade from a 3.5 star rating!I've heard about this place so much that I had to come try, even if the wait was two hours at 8 pm, which meant dinner was served around 10 pm. Good thing there are lots of bars nearby to kill the time. Anyhow, back to Toro. I think you can get seated faster if you sit outside, but it was like 45 degrees last night so that wasn't happening (and there were no heated lamps). We ordered the hanger steak, smoked duck drummettes, and the cauliflower with pine nuts for two. Flavorful, savory dishes, but every single dish was like sodium on steroids. Not sure if that was their way of getting you to order dessert, but personally, I just kept getting refills of my water (totaled 6 refills by the end of the night)Hanger steak - 5 pieces. Ordered medium and tasted more like medium rare to my pleasant surprise. Savory, tender, delicious, and expensive.Smoked duck drummettes - two drumsticks. Small. Too saucy.Cauliflower - good with the bread, but nothing superb. Should have ordered the corn apparently. Honestly, I was hoping for better after the long wait and the hype from friends. Yes it was good, but it wasn't as nearly as good as the anticipation.Love this place, it is just fantastic! Probably the best tapas I've had in Boston. Corn was excellent, the cheese and sauce makes it rich and it blends very well with the natural sweetness. The seafood stew was delicious, reminds me of the Portuguese style seafood fondue I had. And the beef short rib, hm it just melts in your mouth! Next time I want to try some of the other stuff like bone marrow, anchovies and bass. I also want to come back for the brunch here as well.  This place can be very busy, so if you don't have a reservation, best bet is to order a drink or two and usually bar seats for two will become available. Also they have good house wine, like many other places in Europe!Definitely my favorite place in boston! I never miss a chance to come here when i'm in boston. Words just cant describe how much i love this place. Been here so many times and tried almost everything on their menu. Absolutely Love-Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn)Creamy, cheesy, and a bit sweet. I love everything about this. Definitely squeeze some lime before eating. The little acidity delivers an explosion of flavor. It does get a litle messy and you will get the aoili and cheese on your fingers. If you're here on a date, take advantage of this ;)-Navajas a la Plancha (seared razor clams)BEST seared razor clams i've ever ate. The peppers, the garlic.... *drools-Asado be Huesos (roasted bone marrow and oxtail marmalade)The oxtail marmalade is just ri-freaking-diculous. If they made the tail taste this delicious, i want the whole damn ox! The marmalade sits on toast and you scoop the marrow onto the marmalade...speechless-Paella ValencianaFavorite paella EVER. I've had other paellas where the seafood was overcooked. It's fairly easy to make this mistake given how paellas are cooked. The paella at Toro is very well executed. The mussels, clams, chicken, shrimp, chorizo...everything came out perfect. The rice had so much depth and flavor. I love scraping the rice off the bottom of the pan. Its nice and cripsy. - Fresita (Drink) Made with gin, rhubarb, strawberry, & mint. I once ordered this drink and during the next round, everyone at my table ordered this. It tastes like summer. Honorable Mentions-Gambas al Ajilo (grill garlic shrimp)-Pato con Membrillo (duck drumettes with quince glaze)-Foie Gras y Piquillo (foie gras with peper, cinder vinegar, and candied walnuts)-Maracuya (Drink)Dislikes-The long waitThis place is rather small and they DO NOT take reservations. Everytime i come here, i've been quoted a wait time of 2 hours (i really waited that long)I'm impatiently waiting for them to open one in NY. I read an article that they were suppose to open one by last year but it got delayed.Toro is a great fun restaurant, being that we were in Spain last summer we knew we wanted to try out Toro when we came to Boston. The wait was nil for us, in fact we had to have a drink at the bar because we were too early for dinner. The sangria was ok, nothing special for the price, besides, sangria is fir tourists anyway!The food- first off, I've read articles about the owners going to San Sebastián and Barcelona, so they should know what Pintxos are. They're a food item, almost always on top a slice of bread with a toothpick (the pintxo) stabbed through it. They really shouldn't just throw around fancy sounding words to try and impress people that aren't in the know. Most frustratingly, the paella! Paella Valencia has no seafood in it, and most importantly, they use Bomba rice, not Calasparra rice! The real deal Paella Valencia is Bomba rice, saffron, rabbit, snails and chicken. No seafood, and please no Chorizo!!! I've been to El Palmar, the town that is the birthplace of the dish, it truly shows that people can be easily persuaded into thinking they're eating authentic Spanish dishes if they're told so.I'm quite disappointed in how un-authentic some of the food dishes were. We spent almost $200 for 4 people on tapas and 2 pitchers of sangria and 1 glass of basque cider.If you've been to Spain and think this place will bring you back to the sunny beaches and valleys of Spain, think again. Toro seems like a place for people to go and be seem.Wow, wow, and wow.  This place is great. After all these years they have kept their buzz and people are excited about it.  Enjoyed the Manhattan special martini on different occasions and it is delicious.  A recent lunch included egg shaped crabcakes compliments of the chef.  So good I bought some to take home to my wife.  Duck drumettes (sp?) were fantastic.  Savory and delicious and that open fire scent mingling with my meal really fights off the winter cold.Another Ken Oringer hit.  Get there early as they don't take reservations.  We left work early and had a minimal wait, which made the experience quite pleasant from the getgo.  The cocktails are a must - mano de buda is amazing as well as the verdad y amor (who doesn't love hibiscus??).  Some favorites - gambas de ajillo, maiz asado (best corn i've ever had at a tapas place!), coliflor, empanada de pollo y papas, pato con membrillo, sepia a la plancha, coles de bruselas, and costilla de buey.  The portions are good - probably 2-3 plates per person is enough.  But it's best to go with a lot of people so you can try lots of different things!  Narrowing down the list was difficult.  Amazing amazing place!  A must-go for anyone who likes good food!Based on all the fantastic reviews (and due to Orinoco's being closed).. I decided to give this place a shot.  The decor was super duper intimate in that it was nicely decorated, and on the dark side + candle light.Got their famous corn, it sucked. There were no redeeming flavors or magic underneath all that cream and whatnot.  Got the seafood paella.. it was so salty!! A half portion for 2 was still too big much.  The dates were really sweet.  Grilled garlic shrimp was unremarkable, I was a little put off by whatever red stringy things they put on top of the shrimp for decoration.I can't think of one redeeming dish =\ Plus, it was expensive. Definitely go to Orinoco's instead.This is review from a vegetarian perspective. We went for brunch on a Sunday, so the menu was limited. The corn was really good but I have also had better grilled corn. The dates were also good but the eggplant and potatoes were nothing to write home about.I was underwhelmed given all rave reviews. I think they must have way better non-vegetarian. There are many more better options for vegetarians in Boston!!So I've been back here several more times and I still stand by my initial comment that this joint serves up the best tapas in Boston. There is almost always a long wait, so prepare to embrace. It's a very rowdy and lively atmosphere. They're pretty green in terms of electricity use as well because the place is basically dimly lit up by candles.I noticed that their menu slightly changes from time to time, so what you ordered half a year ago may or may not there. As with my first visit, I ordered the pork belly, beef tongue, crack on a cob (by far the best dish) every visit. Those are your safe bets. Some other items that we ordered, listed in order of tastiness:Costilla de Buey: They have two variations of this dish it seems, a CHEEKS and a SHORT RIBS version. Tonight as had the beef cheeks and they were very good, tender as usual and the glaze added just enough sweetness and taste to it. This item is to be added to my list of things to be ordered every visit.Pato con membrillo: little duck drumsticks with some glazed sauce. The meat was tender, the glaze sauce complemented the meat very well.Navajas a la plancha: Razor clams. It's the first time I've ever had it and it tasted fine but it was nothing spectacular, probably wouldn't order it next time.Paella Valenciana: Basically a paella dish that had mussels, clams, shrimp, chicken, and rice. Meh. Several clams and mussels weren't cooked all the way, the rice itself was overly salty, we couldn't finish it as a result.I have never had an issue with parking on the streets on Washington Street, so that's a pretty safe bet. If that doesn't work, there's always parking on Mass. Ave.Do not wear your fanciest attire here, you will leave here REEKING of food. The smell stuck to my jacket for days, I had to cologne the crap out of it.went here last night for the first time, my sister and her boyfriend regularly go out to eat at this place.  it was packed with a one hour wait, i felt like i was in nyc. tip: for a party of two it's a ton faster to get on the list to sit at the bar, we had our asses perched in 15 minutes.  i looooooooved the lamb with pureed orange something (sweet potato?) hazelnuts and prunes.  it was just fabulous.  my sister pointed out that people dont always realize that dinner plates are designed to enjoy all the different flavors together, so get that all those different components onto that fork to get the full effect.  this is truly a restaurant where a lot of thought went into what is going on in each dish.  as for the experience of being there it was fun, crowded in a good way, dim lit with exposed brick walls.  sitting at the bar it was fun to watch the guys at work and see all the concoctions coming out, almost like dinner theater.  I didn't care so much for the open kitchen even though at one point i would have been into that. i've worked in too many restaurants. i'm over it.  i would rather not have the anxiety of trying to watch sweaty sous chefs throw together ingredients wondering where mine is and just enjoy the mystery.  this set up is overdone these days.  thanks for listening to me, great restaurant and i recommend it highly!My Favorite Restaurant in Boston,  everything I had is amazing, Jamon Serrano yum, Crudo etc etc Definitely recommendNo reservations :( Full of people with more money than you :(Tiki Mondays and some really Awesome food: *absolve all sin* :) :) :)Their pitchers of Bloody Mary(s?) during their Sunday Brunch is perfecto.Excellent tapas. Great wine. Friendly staff. Maiz Asado is a must, and the Empanada is always good. Paella is good for a group, or if you're super hungry. Another great thing is that the waitstaff have good recommendations and will allow you to try wines before buying. Because of the busy, crowded nature of Toro, I recommend going at lunch or for an early dinner. Otherwise, it gets pretty busy.These tapas are worth the wait! :)The place is good. I just guess that after having heard so much about it, and being the last one to go there, makes me less impressed by the restaurant. I wasn't sure if I was expecting a totally traditional Spanish restaurant or not. I will evaluate the dishes I had one by one- Escalivada: pretty different to the kind of escalivada we have in Cataluña, but still, it was really tasty. Instead of having all the ingredients separated, it was a mix of the pepers, eggplants, onions... It tasted great with the bread. However, I would say, the bread wasn't that good. I appreciate (and it is much more Spanish) to have bread with a harder texture.- Ventresca de atún: pretty small pincho for the price. However the ventresca tasted really good with the olive oil. Besides the olive oil I would get rid of the other "tomato based" sauce between the tuna and the bread.- Picadillo de cerdo: I was a little disapointed with the pork hash and also felt like the fried potatos were bland.- Filete a la plancha: We didn't order the dish, the couple seating next to us did, and unfortunately for them there was a problem with the orders and we got it. I wasn't sure if we had ordered it, but when they put food in front of me, I eat it. I think the service wasn't that good in here (we weren't charged for it at the end). I thought it was great- Asado de huesos: Probably my favorite. The bone marrow was AMAZING! The beef sticks that came with it were tasty too.To drink, we had a big bottle of Estrella Damm (750ml), first time I had their version "Inedit" (I don't know if it is marketed with a different name in Spain). It was good and light, compared to the sometimes overwhelming US beers.Food was great. The drinks were even better. The service needs some serious work.Its a tapas place, so be prepared for small dishes. I had the brussel sprouts, tuna tartar and grilled shrimp. All were delicious, I wanted to order seconds of the tuna. I had ordered the Sangria and it was by far the best Sangria I've had in the city.The customer service was seriously lacking at this place. The bar tenders were so attentive while I waited at the bar for my table, but as soon as I was seated I had a waitress with a tude and a half. Luckily I was in a good mood and I did my best to make sure that she didn't ruin my night, but it was impossible not to notice the eye rolling, arm crossed and her unwillingness to provide me with the vegetarian menu when I asked for one. The food runners and table bussers made up for our waitress' lack of attention.Friendly reminder: I tried to make a reservation, but they didn't take it. Also, be prepared to wait in line as the places fills up quickly.Overall, I would visit again just for the food and drink...no tude please!My wife and I love this place. You can't miss with anything on the menu, and the daily specials are, well, special-without fail. We try to bring out-of-town visitors whenever possible and order about 75% of the menu. The porrons full of cava get passed around the table and everyone has a blast. Great food, fantastic drinks, and an amazing staffLate Sunday nights is pretty empty. And try the espuma champagne drink, you'll never want to drink anything else again.Amazing lunch! Service, food & cocktailshttp://Https://www.evernote.com/shard/s39/sh/32a78­7b7-a5f4-4b5f-bd64-d3f444f8de15/f443231be34511b3­ab7bf53550611115we finally ate here!i just wish they had reservations, would make it so much easier.waiting 15 minutes on a monday wasn't bad.this place is great, worth the hype that you hear.we got the corn, the beef heart, the tomate and bread, meat paella, and the cauliflower.  everything was awesome.  The corn is a must. The beef heart was more like roast beef which was great.  The cauliflower was real good, whatever they cook it in is awesome.  The paella was probably the best we have had in boston. much better than barcelona's.  and the tomate dish was great.bread is good and they keep it coming all night, wish they served something to dip it in though.would and will go back!Outstanding is the only word I can use to describe the food and atmosphere.  The only thing holding my rating back from 5 stars is the long wait 90+ minutes and no reservation.  I guess its a small price to pay for truly creative and delicious cuisine.This is my husband and my favorite restaurant in Boston.  I have just moved to Boston after living in New York for 10 years and I have to say that this place beats any tapas restaurant that I've been to in NYC, hands down (I am so glad to hear that they are opening up shop in NYC's Chelsea area!).  Who would think that the best hamburger sliders that I've ever had would come from a Spanish Tapas restaurant?  Not many, but I do have to say that they prepare it so right that every time we order it it comes out so juicy and tasty.  There is no need for cheese at all, the meat and accentuated with pickly-tasting onions, house made ketchup and sweet bun speaks for itself.  Our other favorite staples at Toro are the Suquet de Mariscos - which has different seafood in a creamy broth and foam.  My personal favorite and something that I could eat every day are the Ostras de Escabeche,  Oysters that are prepared in a tangy citrus sauce and topped with light foam makes me feel like I am swimming in an ocean with every bite I take.  You can't go wrong with orders of the tortilla espanola (potato egg omelette), pimentos del padron (salted spicy green peppers that aren't really so spicy) and Gambas al ajillo (Garlic shrimp with chiles).For dessert, they have churros in chocolate sauce.  My husband is from Mexico so I've had  tried better prepared churros elsewhere, but I'd say these are pretty good for Boston.  I also love to order their wine on tap - whatever red or white they have on special.  On occassion we have also tried and love the Estrella Damm beer, which costs about $20 a bottle but is big enough to share between two people.  We do love to bring our out-of-town guests here and would recommend coming early, at least to put your name and phone number down, as we have some times waited for as long as 2 hours to get a table if we don't come early.  Street Parking can also be a problem especially now that one side of washington street is reserved for resident parking, so our backup is the parking garage by the Boston Medical Center (about a 10 min walk) if Valet is not available.Great food, mediocre serviceI can't comment the authenticity but I think Toro so far is the best when compared to Dali or Tapeo. The food are much delicately prepared and .. adventurous. I think the corn, beef tongue, octopus cerviche are some of the best to name a few. I have been back there more than a couple of times. The cons are: no reservation. And, they don't seat until all the parties show up. It's hard for a large group. It's true the service aren't that great, but I tend to ignore them (even they might be rushing me..) For the food, I'm willing to put up with this. To get a seat promptly, I tend to go there around 5.45 p.m., after that, there is a long wait ...Finally, a long awaited trip to Toro.We were very grateful to the hostess for holding our reservation even though we were quite late (they were only taking reservations for Valentine's day).Surrounded by other couples taking advantage of the reservation policy, we eagerly dived into the food. We ordered: peppers with sea salt, tuna crudo, garlic shrimp, duck sliders, braised short rib, and the infamous corn. All were well prepared and flavorful. I thought the peppers were slightly too salty and the tuna was slightly under-seasoned but for the most part, everything was spot on.The stand-out by a clear mile was the duck sliders. I wasn't really sure what to expect, but the patty was so flavorful and juicy, and the spicy aioli and pickled papaya were a perfect complement. Small minus for using a store-bought roll.The only thing that was disappointing was the corn. Maybe I had really high expectations for it, but it had the feeling of being assembly-line prepared (normal roast corn smothered in pre-prepared butter and cheese). Overall, a nice experience, definitely worth a visit. My favorite Tapas place will still be Casa Mono in NYC though..Toro is a fantastic tapas joint in the South End. It is owned by popular Boston chef Ken Oringer. It is a very small, but lively space that is always packed. They do not take reservations so leave work early or plan to wait for a table. The bar area gets extremely busy with people waiting for tables so don't go here if you are afraid of crowds.However, once you do get seated at a table, everything from that point forward will be amazing. The food is unbelievable and priced very well for the quality. I would recommend  2-3 plates per person as always...my favorite being the Costilla de Buey; they have a better version of this popular dish than anywhere else I've eaten. The croquettas and aceitunas are also excellent.Is if the food was not enough, to complement your meal, you have a choice from a wide variety of cocktails, wine and beer. If you're feeling adventurous, try something off of the cocktail menu, you won't regret it!This restaurant is definitely worth the wait and you will not be disappointed when you sit down.Get the grilled corn with queso!, ...get the Foie gras!,....Get the bone marrow!....Screw it!! Just order everything on the menu (except for the paella, I wasn't a fan) and you cant go wrong. This place is THAT good.We came in with a party of four and we kept ordering, because everything was soOo good. Everything came to  $300~something and it was well worth it.Only downside is that the wait SUCKS ASS!!This place has everything to offer when it comes to drinks, delicious food and a not-too-trendy but still trendy atmosphere. Yes, this is in the South End and trendiness comes with the territory, however, everything about Toro is addicting.My favorite drinks are the mojitos and the sweet tea mixed drink. The selection of wine is great and the staff knows what to suggest with the food you want to eat.I've been here at least a dozen times, if not almost twice that and have tried almost everything on the menu. Some personal favorites are the buffalo heart, the potatoes with aioli sauce, the cauliflower, the jalepenos and of course the corn-on-the-cob. The corn is not a hype. Get it. Even if it's on a date...trust me, it's the perfect start to your meal. The atmosphere is cozy and you sit very close to one another but it adds to the sexy, romantic feel to Toro. After coming on dates, girls' nights and for birthdays, this is my go-to "night out" restaurant. The long wait and no reservations are drawbacks but if you're not in a rush or go at the right time (before 7PM after 930PM), it's still worth it. This place won't let you down and just a few blocks from the Beehive or Gallows, you can stop in some other places for an end-of the night drink.Toro's got it on lock, yo.Came here for some beverages and snibbles on what happened to be a poppin' Sunday night. At 8:30, the wait for two was an hour and a half (screw that!). So like a hawk, I hovered over the patrons seated at the bar in hopes to snatch up a couple of stools, which I successfully accomplished all with a drink in hand. I'm a great multi-tasker.The novelty of Spanish tapas is fun and trendy here in Boston, and the business aspect of it is quite genius which is why Ken Oringer and the team at Toro have been able to build up a solid reputation in the foodie scene here in the South End. Plus, they have the best Pandora stations blasting through the speakers. West coast 90's gangster rap, anyone? Yes, please!Tortilla Espanola - egg omelette with potato (eh.)Ensalada Cortada - light and yummy salad with a zesty dressing. Fiber is power.Suquet de Mariscos - seafood stew. god damn this was good.Pato con Membrillo - Duck drumets with some sort of hoisin flavoring. Pretty good, but I'm not a fan of duck.Costilla de Buey - DAAAAAAAAAMN. Short rib was so tender that it just melted in my mouth. The flavor was sweet and salty but savory and scrumptious. My favorite dish.We shared five plates and were stuffed by the end of our late dinner. The service was great, as were the drinks. I only live a few blocks away and anticipate on haunting this place more often to give them all my money.I've gone back to the restaurant since and have been craving it ever since! Nothing was over-salted and the duck legs were good as ever! I believe lamb tacos were the special of the day and those were also excellent. Oh man, Toro, you're making my mouth water! The mussels in basque cider also come recommended. Drinks were great, too!!Again, a little bit of sticker shock with pricing but this time the food was beyond worth it.Easily one of the best meals and dining experiences I've had in Boston. I'm writing this review as I'm planning on going back tonight.836 reviews? Jumping jellyfish!I wouldn't bother adding another two cents to my previous two cents, but I had such a stellar experience at Toro last night that I just had to document it. Nicole V. and I jumped on a Gilt City steal last month -- $100 for 8 courses, paired wines and guaranteed seats at a time of our choosing. We picked last night since it was close to my birthday, and what better way to get over the Wednesday hump than stuffing our faces in style?We got a cool corner booth, were greeted instantly with bubbly, and after confirming we'd eat everything in sight without prejudice, the courses started coming; pickled oysters with citrus foam, bone marrow with oxtail, a sea urchin bocadillo, hanger steak, the superstar street corn, tuna tartare, smoked buffalo heart, cod fritters, pork belly, garlic shrimp.... it was a carousel of flavor. The bone marrow was like spring sunshine, and the corn put a goofy smile on both our faces. I could barely keep up with the wine (cava, red, red, white, white, and a dessert wine); Nicole was struggling a little, too. Every time we thought the meal was over, another plate and pour would materialize on our table. Our servers, Kate and Jen, were delightfully attentive and welcoming; I even got a birthday churro once the feeding frenzy ended. I left a piece of my heart behind last night. See you soon, lover.Words cannot describe how wonderful and amazing toro is. Everything you eat bursts into flavors. You cannot miss the corn, shrimp and the lobster stew. It's just delicious. The atmosphere is very fun, with good music and good drinks. The only con is no reservations but hey, good things are worth the wait!Incredible food! The wait is long and worth every minute. Better for occasions than most business, as the space is compact and every inch of it is always full. Sunday brunch is outstanding.Visited this place for a second time and was really impressed with the food and the atmosphere. This place is probably a little too popular and gets pretty crowded even at off hours on the weekends. A couple next to us actually tried to share a seat at the bar just to squeeze in, to my disatisfaction.We had:Sangria - Perfect, not too sweet and flavorfulDates - Bacon wrapped dates filled with cheese, yumEmpanada's - Typical latin american empanda'sGarlic Shrimp - Highlight of the meal, I'll order 3 of these next time. The sauce was perfect for dipping their bread inValencia Paella - A solid mixed paella, it takes a little longer than everything else but was worth it. A half order is more than enough for 2 people if plan on getting a couple other itemsThis was a solid, solid evening throughout.From the front of the house, to the wait staff to the FOOD.The wait staff was amazingly attentive, friendly and helpful.We let ours basically drive us through the highlights of the menu.Interestingly, she did not choose the most expensive items on the menu.The meal was a well guided culinary adventure. I watched our waitress in action with other tables. She was on top of everything,seemingly anticipating requests before they occurred.A note to other high-end Boston eateries. As part of your training program, send your wait staff here for a meal.  Then they can see first hand what quality service really is.The FOOD was amazing throughout all the courses. Not a weak spot in the line up.Every course was flavourful, well seasoned and thoughtfully presented.The evening's all star line up included:--------------------------------------------------­----Figs in Crispy PancettaTuna Tartar with grilled toastPureed Tomato and Garlic on crispy toastGrilled Duck Froie Gras with roasted Red PeppersSalted Roasted PeppersCrispy Sweet BreadsGrilled Uni PaniniCrispy Salted Cod FrittersBraised Lamb over potato pureeThe only meh point was the snooty bartender and the weak Sangrias.I would have thought a Spanish Tapas restaurant would have had a more flavourful Sangrias.    We've made better at home.I certainly did not lose any sleep on it and I don't think it's worth subtracting a 1/2 point.Even though it isn't cheap, we considered our bill to be quite reasonable considering the qualityof the food and the service.A word of to the wise.., Toro does not take reservations.We went for a later dinner (after 9:00pm) and had a pretty minimal wait on a Friday night. On previous attempts to eat here, we were faced with wait times in excess of 2 hours.I will definitely be back here.Pack some floss and get here! The famous grilled corn with aioli is amazing and worth all the hype about it. But even aside from the corn, each dish we tried here was flavorful and truly memorable. I've never been to Barcelona, but Toro definitely has the best tapas I've had in Boston and NYC. I really enjoyed the atmosphere too - it's super loud, lively and crowded, yet somehow romantic. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is a long wait for the table. Toro doesn't take reservations, so you'll probably have to wait for over an hour to get a table for two and I'd imagine even longer for a large party. But trust me - the food is worth waiting for! We had beef short rib, crispy pork belly, patatas bravas (my staple at any tapas place), dates wrapped in jamon, smoked duck, smoked eggplant and a bean stew with egg and chorizo. Everything was excellent! I was especially surprised by churros for dessert. I've never liked fried dough that much but will be coming back here for more churros and that yummy chocolate sauce they come with.Let's get something straight.  I know corn. I'm from Lancaster, PA, and Thus have eaten far above the average per capita amount of corn on the cob.  Toro's spicy aioli covered corn on the cob was the best I have ever eaten! You MUST get the corn!! Corngasm!!The tortilla and the queso de cabra were my other faves, followed closely by the pan con tomato and veg paella.  Sangria was amazing too.  Go here, but be prepared to splurge and celebrate!Toro was my first introduction to Tapas a few years back, and I feel that I was spoiled by that first experience. In seeking different Tapas restaurants since first dining here (and other times since), I find that none have been able to match the variety and creativity of Toro.The corn is great, and you should get it. I'm not going to waste space talking about it, because everyone else already has. I love all of Toro's vegetable options, as well as the short rib. Everything is cooked to perfection, and with some thought as to what methods and ingredients will bring out the most flavor.The bar is not to be forgotten here, even though the food (rightfully) takes the spotlight. I would recommend any seasonal specialty - that first trip was in the summer, and the (knowledgeable, friendly) bartender made a gin and tonic with muddled mint and strawberry that could not have been any more perfect given the weather outside. Also - if you aren't sure what you want to drink, tell the bartender what liquor(s)/taste(s) you enjoy in and he/she will be sure to come up with something delicious.It can be expensive - as many Tapas spots can be - as you'll need to get quite a few dishes to create a full meal. I would say anywhere from 3-5 for two people is sufficient (I'm not a huge eater, so it could be more), and would recommend a variety to your selection. Again, it's expensive and the wait can be long, so I don't come here often when in town - but if you are lucky enough to have a nice table on a beautiful night, it's hard to do much better than Toro.Best meal in Boston. While we were a little underwhelmed by the corn (no grilled corn that costs $8 deserves that much hype), we had some incredible dishes. We had the shrimp in what was the most delicious broth I've ever tasted, great crispy pork belly, and uni sandwich--all great.Go there. Now. Preferably right when it opens at 5pm.Came here for my boyfriend's birthday and ordered the maiz asado, asado de huesos, boquerones, coles de bruselas a la plancha, and a half order of the paella valenciana. The favorite of the night was definitely the boquerones. It was perfectly seasoned and didn't taste fishy at all - we were pleasantly surprised. Everything else was delicious, but we may pass on the grilled corn and the bone marrow - it wasn't as good as we initially thought. The half portion of the paella was the perfect size for the two of us along with our 4 tapas. The best paella I've ever had was in Spain, but this one is a close second. I definitely recommend getting this. We'll definitely be back to try other dishes!I came to Toro in a party of 2 on Sunday at 6. We were promptly seated but it was very crowded for a Sunday night. We ordered:-Seafood paella (half portion) - it takes 30 min to make so we put in that order with our drinks-Grilled corn - messy to eat but so good-Brussels sprouts- a little too oily -Pork belly- came with a nice root veggie mash It lived up to all the hype. Great, friendly service too.It's not exactly unusual to wake up and recall moments of such decadence the evening before that you almost feel ashamed. Especially when that decadence is solely related to a meal. Does drinking sherry poured through a bone after one has eaten most of the marrow count? I think it does. I arrived at Toro at 4:30, directly from the Institute of Contemporary Art. The kitchen doesn't open until 5:30 but I was ready for one of the beautiful cocktails on Toro's list. A new bartender was being trained and I can see she'll do well here -- polite, friendly, knowledgeable and a huge fan of the food. She made me Toro's take on the Manhattan with dry & sweet sherry and walnut bitters. It was perfect. By 5:30, the smells of the kitchen were making me want nothing but food...okay, not quite. I requested that Sam, the more senior bar tender pair a sherry with my first plate of Boquerones, which are marinated white anchovies and one of my most favorite things in the world. He served me a Manzanilla (dry, white) that was a lovely choice, I was still sipping away when my shaved beef heart arrived. I know that most Americans aren't used to the rich flavors of things like heart, but they should be. Especially when it is prepared at Toro. My second two choices were the ones I was really excited about: A Catalan seafood stew, which arrived with a frothy topping of milk foam, and the bone marrow, amazingly and deliciously pared with a citrus & radish salad. Both of these dishes were paired with a deep, delicious Spanish red wine similar to a tempranillo. It had some lovely fruit and no small amount of heft but was quite dry. The seafood stew was so rich in flavor and substance that I was in complete heaven down to the last bite, which I used my bread to ensure I had every last drop. The bone marrow was gorgeous and I absolutely Loved the way the citrus (orange slices) and radish cut the fat with a sparkling brightness. Noting my relish, Sam suggested a small amount of Amontillado sherry (deeper, heavier, and a tiny bit sweeter) to pour down through the shaft of the bone. In the dim candlelight, I could just see the way the fat droplets pooled on top of the sherry as I tilted the bone into my mouth. What an exquisite moment! I followed this with a full glass of the sherry as a sort of magical cap to my evening of gastronomic wizardry. I hadn't realized at the outset, by the way, that the same chef is responsible for both Toro and Chio, two amazing restaurants. It was a Wednesday night. The place was full. And everyone was friendly and there to have a good time. Great atmosphere, great food, great service. Thumb's up!So thrilled to try this place after reading so many reviews! My dining partner suggested we give Toro a try and boy and I glad he did!We got there around 6 on a sat and got a drink at the bar and was seated by the time we were finished with our first round (apx 20ish mins later). I enjoyed a beverly hills which was a yummy strawberry lemonade and my partner enjoyed a delicious tequila drink. He did all of the ordering since I am new to tapas. Our order included Filete a la Plancha, Panza de Cerdo, Navajas a la Plancha, Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija and Atun Crudo. Everything was delicious!!! The corn and the steak for me was a big stand out but I very much enjoyed everything we ate. The outdoor seating was lovely the day we went and I was happy to be outside since the volume inside was very high. I am looking forward to returning!If you do go to Toro you MUST MUST MUST order the corn!!! I'm not kidding if that was the only thing I ordered that night I would have been a happy girl yum yum yum!This is probably one of my favorite places in town. WONDERFUL date place. It is always packed whenever I go. Food and service are excellent and totally worth the long wait. Everything we ordered was delicious. You MUST try the corn, albeit a bit messy. The last time I went, we actually didn't get a table but sat at the bar and still had a great time.To die for:-The corn.-The roasted eggplant.-The cauliflower.I was not feeling:-The pork belly was not as crispy as I expected.-The lamb shoulder was okay but I have had better.Is the food good? Yes (but also pending what you order)Is the wait insane? Yes (doesn't matter when you go unless you go before they open..)Is the food pricey? Yes. This is a place you must go once to try out for yourself. And when you do, do yourself a favor and order the bone marrow. You're welcome. Also worthy of ordering is the corn.  My fiance also really like the bone marrow.Will I be back in the future? Possibly, just not anytime soon. My last close to 2 hrs wait may have done it for me.Probably one of the best restaurant here in Boston. Definitely try the grilled corn!!!! You wont regret!There's a print of Frieda Kahlo with "Diego" tattooed to her neck, sipping a 40 oz of Old E. It's just that kind of place. Classic, funky with a streak of irony. Romance was inevitable...Oh Toro, it had been too long since we've been together. And now I realize why I loved you so. Your explosive tastes... that Ken Oringer, he taught you how to care for me so well. The corn, of course. Creamy, salty with a spray of lime, divine. Heirloom tomatoes sweetened with crushed pistachios, yogurt sauce that tasted like marigolds smelled. Your meaty bounty of paella, hold some salt and you've got gold.But I hate to tell youyou're REALLY loud when you're in heat. I mean like banging on pots and pans conversation dincacophony.Makes it hard to communicate sometimes. "Wait, what's that you want?!"And why don't you do things in order.You know, a little foreplay before the main course, eh?Can't switch up on me in the middle.There's just no room on the table.And why don't you wait until I've eaten my fillsatiatedto start cleaning up?There's this place, in my heart, for you. But try as I might to make you the one you're just not the marrying kind.Like an abusive boyfriend, I will forgive your faults and keep crawling back to you.Let's just get it out the way now...Don't take my napkin just because I went to the bathroom.I don't like my salads served last.A little less noise - what did ya say!?Time the plate delivery appropriately or get bigger tables.Now to why you can use and abuse me without losin' me.Delicious menu items with creative ingredients ranging from tuna belly to sea urchin will grab your attention and satisfy your appetite. The Paella Valencia - a portion sized for two will tickle your tongue with leftovers to boot! Order the corn on the cob. ALWAYS order the corn on the cob. It's like the crack addiction of vegetables. Besides being a great restaurant, Toro also has an amazing nightlife scene. Cava is served in carafes with pouring spouts and there's no holding back when it comes to drowning your neighbor with the taste of Spanish wine - what else are true friends for? The bar is ALWAYS hopping so be prepared to bump and grind your way to the barkeep. It's okay though, you'll meet some pretty cool people along your way. One of my favorite experiences here was the celebration of the election of Barack Obama. 40s of Miller High Life were served - racism, hell yeah!Oh, Toro. Please don't ever leave me.I have nothing but good things to say about Toro.  Sure it's a bit tight, yes the atmosphere is very eclectic, the hosts can certainly be a tad friendlier but I'll go round and round for a parking spot just to park my carcass in one of the bar chair or the tight tables and here's why.Lighting is perfect for a weeknight discretion filled with tantalizing roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmalade, fresh yellowfin tuna with citrus and soy, decadent foie gras with pear and bacon chutney, memorable Jamon de la Quercia, and marvelous grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese.I love coming here for both brunch and dinner.  The only difference is my beverage of choice, spicy bloody mary for brunch or some refreshingly flirty cava when the sun goes down.Toro is perhaps one of the finest gems in the South End.  Once again, my trusty Yelpers did not lead me astray.  I love the variety and creativity that go into a tapas restaurant.  Small dishes with big, bold flavors rank these types of restaurants at the very top of my gastronomic lists. We arrived relatively early knowing full well they don't accept reservations.  There were plenty of available tables, but we opted for seats at the comfortable bar and were warmly greeted by the outgoing and friendly bartenders.   They offer quite a selection of tasty and mouthwatering tapas, ranging from $5 to $15 each.  We settled on:1. Jamon de la Quercia  - yummy thin slices of porky heaven2. Anna's Empanadas - piping hot, crispy pockets of finger-licking goodness3. Mejillones (mussels) - fat and luscious in a chorizo soup of love4. Asado de Huesos (bone marrow) - rich and flavorful with a dab of euphoria5. Pato con Membrillo (duck) - tender and delectableThey also offered an extensive wine and what looks like a fantastic and unique drink menu.   However, there are no beers on tap.  No biggie.  I highly recommend Toro, both for its food and laidback ambiance.   Service is fast and efficient.  I do recommend coming early in order to avoid long wait times.  Note to drivers: meters need to be fed until 8pm at this end of Washington Street.  Oh yeah, they have free WiFi.  Bonus!Get your arse to Toro.  It's that good and that ain't no bull.In simple cave woman terms... Tapas is Snacks, right?We all love those munchable delights of small portions.Probably mainly because we get a little taste of everything.With the guidance of Toro's not so much appointed but surely recognized spokesperson Arete J.-- we ordered:Pan con Tomate- great starter of tomato spread on soft bread.Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija- use extra lime for corn!Hamburguesas de Kobe- yes we ordered mini burgers at a spanish restaurant, hey but they were damn good with sprouts and all.Must say I didn't care too much for the Jamon but it was perfectly thinly sliced.Bottle of Grenache was actually really good for $24.Besides the outdoor seating.. decor reminded me a lot of what's his face's restaurants.. Momofuku man David Chang. Long communal tables.. the glassware... large windows.. modern and sleek.. not so much traditional. Music included everything from Amelie soundtrack to A Tribe Called Quest. Holler.. I mean Hola. La bomba... okay I'll stop.Best Part Of Toro-Not to Encourage but Jus' Sayin':dude came in,sat next to me, opened a book...Bartender approacheddude orders a $1 (yes $1) PBR readsippedread sipped read sippedwent out for cig breaks and...ordered yet another and only a $1 PBR...Bartender (hottie) chit chatted and totally gave him full service the entire time.CLAP CLAP.Will be going back for Paella or drinks after 10:30PM (around time the open area kitchen closes) to chill. Oh and don't be fooled by the dingy website..-Shrimp you eat with the shell still on, head attached eyes staring back at you-Peppers perfectly sauteed, coated in sea salt - a veritable game of palette roulette, as only 1 in 8 (or is it 10?) is actually spicy.-Beef hearts served in brioche -  a bite or two is all you need.-Pig tails (no, not the braiding kind) melts in your mouth like buttah-Carafes of Cava equipped with pouring spouts, perfectly suited for quenching the thirst of your dining companions without the use of their hands-People mingling, couples at the bar kissing, parties of grand proportions feasting on suckling pig brought to their table, whole, on a platter much to the delight of diners around them. Staring ensues. Drool shortly follows.-Desserts divine.-Conversations audibly less than refined, but intimate tables and small plate heaven are this spot's big draw.Execution flawless.Scene to be seen in (sans pomp and circumstance)Each bite something to savor.Loved it! Here's what we ordered:Gambas al Ajillo (griddled garlic shrimp) - Five pieces of shrimp drenched in a creamy orange sauce with red stringy things sprinkled on top. This dish was delicious! Tortilla Espanola (egg, potato and onion omelet with alioli) - I've never had this before, but I would've enjoyed it more had it been warm.Anna's Empanadas (chicken & potato empanadas, tomatillo salsa, alioli) - This was my favorite dish of the night! The bread was thin and crispy, and the insides were steaming hot! Excellent combination of textures, and the salsa and dollops of sour cream on the side were perfect complements. I would be happy with three orders of these empanadas for dinner!Maiz Asado Con Alioli Queso Cotija (the corn that everyone else is talking about) - Fabulous! Yes, it's covered in a creamy, cheesy sauce, but I love creamy, and I love cheesy!Costilla de Buey (braised short rib of beef) - This was my fiance's favorite. It's beef that needs only the pressure of a fork to break apart and sauce that is complex and unexpected. This was the easiest to share - we just dug our forks into the hunk o' meat and went nuts!Pate with Rooster liver (an addition to the menu last night) - I like pate, and this was fine. If you're looking for some incredible take on pate, though, you're okay skipping this one.Stew with Mussels (not on the online menu) - Can you say butter?? I love butter, so I loved this dish. The fact that the mussels didn't come in their shells made me feel a little cheated, but the dish itself was tasty!As you can see, I loved the food. I would've given five stars if the volume of the music were a bit more tame and there wasn't a parade of servers all trying to do each other's jobs. (Two people came to take our order, and three people took charge of our bill. A little crazy.)A tip: Try to come with either two or four people. Otherwise, sharing these dishes can get tricky. You can only split a shrimp so many ways...Let me tell you, Toro's tapas are indeed small plates of food, but I can't remember the last time I have left a restaurant feeling so full.  David C and I have TravelZoo vouchers to all six of Ken Oringer's Boston restaurants, and Toro was our third and best stop so far.  Here's what we had:Datiles con Jamon:  The combination of flavors in this tapa was definitely interesting.  Dates stuffed with blue cheese and almonds, wrapped in ham?  Definitely not my first choice off the menu, but it left me feeling pleasantly surprised.Pan con Tomate: The garlic flavor in this tapa was a little too overpowering.Jamon Serrano Redondo Iglesias:  Premium cured Spanish ham. Easily the least exciting tapa of the night.Tortilla Espanola:  An egg, potato, and onion omelet served with alioli.  Doesn't seem like it'd be all that interesting, but I found it to be very tasty.Panza de Cerdo:  This was my second favorite tapa of the night.  Regardless of how you feel about pork (it's certainly not my favorite meat, not by a long shot), I still highly recommend this dish.  The pork belly was so fatty and juicy and tender, how can you not gobble it up?  The snails are something I could live without, but the sweetness of the pumpkin puree and the pickled apples complemented the pork perfectly.Paella Valenciana:  This plate was absolutely gigantic, as it should be with its $38 price tag.  And when I say gigantic, I literally mean it covered almost our entire table.  Everything about it - the shrimp, the mussels, the clams, even the Calasparra rice that i scraped off the bottom of the pan - was perfection.  It was so much food that even between  the both of us, we weren't able to finish it (but it made for an excellent lunch at work the next day, believe me).Costilla a la Cazadora:  This tapa was served at the same time as the paella, and I was too engrossed in devouring the latter to give much attention to this plate of braised beef short ribs.Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - Boy did they save the best for last!  On the one hand, this was wonderful because it ended the meal on a high note.  On the other hand, I think I would have enjoyed Toro's famous grilled corn more if I wasn't already feeling like I was ready to burst.  Covered in globs of butter and delicious alioli, this tapa was positively orgasmic. Take-home message of this lengthy review - If you go to Toro and get nothing else, get the corn, the paella, and the pork belly!  You won't be sorry.Had a phenomenal experience at Toro with a friend. It was my first time there and the weather was gorgeous outside. We promptly dumped my car somewhere and made our way inside; it was packed but it was summer and we were in no hurry. We put our name on the wait-list and proceeded to down Dark & Stormys until our name was called - about three each. I am not usually a fan of such a cocktail but I was tipped that they were good and I was incredible impressed; they were d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s and refreshing!We were then seated outside and we essenetially ordered a LOT of food. A lot is an understatement, we had like 10 or 12 tapas plates. Some of which are:- Pan con Tomate: toasted bread w/ tomato & garlic, finished with olive oil & sea salt- Datiles con Jamon: Medjool dates filled with Marcona almonds & Cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in Jamon Serrano- Pato con Membrillo: smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze- Panza de Cerdo: Crispy pork belly w/ sunchoke, escargots, fava beans and smoked maple crumble- Costilla de Buey: Rioja braised short rib of beef with armagnac soaked prunes & pommes pureeThat was just part of it, unfortunately because their menu changes by the season, I waited too long to post the review and cannot track the rest. We had some incredible roasted corn on the cob, served with some crumbled queso fresco. We also had more dishes, they kept coming and we very happy to oblige and scrape our plates clean. We ate all kinds of dishes and I even ate my first snail there (!). Their vaste array of dishes can satisfy the regular Joes and the foodies; they have anything from sweetbreads to corn dishes, and even bone marrow.Our waitress had warned us that it would be a lot of food but we found a way. We didn't have to try hard, it was all just so damn good. I cannot wait to return to this place. The concept of tapas is fun, convivial and best of all, affordable. The decor is simple and yet very modern and Spanish. Be warned though, the place is often packed and very loud inside.Yes, the food is quite tasty (as it should be with Ken Oringer's name attached), but unless you are really a tapas fan, I wouldn't bother waiting for a table at Toro.  It is crowded and noisy, which automatically prevents top-notch service.  Waiters are constantly running back and forth with tapas plates, and are therefore unable to be as attentive as they could be.  The tables are on top of each other, and most have an uncomfortable bench or high bar seats for at least one side of the table.   Because of the low prices inherent to tapas dining, turnover of tables is key for success, which is clear at Toro.  Diners are encouraged to order as soon as possible, dishes arrive in rapid fire as soon as you order and plates are cleared swiftly as soon as the last morsel disappears (sometimes even sooner!).  Add the uncomfortable seating and you really feel like you are being encouraged to leave almost as soon as you sit down.  I think we waited longer at the bar than it took to eat our meal! Overall, if you really love tapas, don't mind standing in a crowded bar area to wait and like to eat quickly, try Toro.  Otherwise, I wouldn't bother.  Too many other great restaurants out there, including better tapas places!One of my favorite spots in the South End. Word of warning: this place is tiny and a lot of people know about it. If you are planning to go on the weekend, expect a 1-2 hour wait even for a seat at the bar. That being said, this place is worth the wait. Their paella has inspired me to attempt my own version with little success. The food was flavorful, hot, and delicious. Definitely a place to try if you'd like to get out of the routine burger and beer spots that Boston is known for. The service was friendly and the bartender made a mean sangria. I will certainly be back. I want to try everything!There are already a million great reviews for this place. Here's one I haven't seen. (Then again, I only browsed a couple.)Order the peppers. Play pepper roulette. Every time I've ordered them, there's been about 1 in every 10 or so that can get a little steamy. It's always a gamble. Take turns with a friend. I recently played with a date and never got a hot one.I won. She caught fire.After watching Toro on so many of the Food Network / Cooking Channel shows, I knew Toro was a must.   (See: youtube.com/watch?v=c5mk… )We got in a little bit earlier before the restaurant opened, so we chilled in the bar and easily got seated for 3.  While we were seated, it wasn't the most comfortable as we were put into a table barely with enough room for 2. Chef Jamie Bissonnette was on deck and we saw him running around while were at the bar.I recommend the Sweet Breads and Grilled Corn.  One of the signature dishes, the Uni Boccadillo, was a little too ocean-y for me.  I thought the Paella was nice, but not a must order.     I did leave a bit frustrated with Toro -- as I have a food allergy, I alerted the waiter right away.  He didn't stop us from ordering any of the tapas.  They started letting me know about food allergies, right as they brought the food to our table.  I end up finding that  70% of the food we ordered would not be safe to eat (including food that you wouldn't think would be an issue, but they deep fried in the same vat of frying oil).  I would appreciate having the allergy warning as we were ordering, as opposed to when the dish comes out.I have eaten my fair share of tapas in the past few years, some good and some bad. Toro falls squarely in the middle, nothing was too offensive, but it definitely isn't the best. The dishes are best shared among 2 or 4 people.The best item was definitely the grilled corn on the cob a.k.a. Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija. Oh baby, the lime, aioli, and cheese took this dish from common backyard fair to truly divine. This is not the dish to order on your sexy date, trust me.I also really loved the mussels with chorizo, I just about licked the cute little bowl they came in. Seriously, these were the freshest mussels I've eaten in 10 years. I had nearly forgotten what a truly fresh, fresh, fresh mussel tasted like. Finally, the Datiles con Jamon was just about the perfect bite. Sweet, savory, hammy. Mmmmmm....The items I did not enjoy included the chicken empanada, which literally tasted like a chicken finger from a chinese restaurant. Also, the pork belly dish was interesting, but didn't seem to work with the fried green tomato. Lastly, the patatas bravas were a bit boring, even with the sauce. In terms of atmosphere, it is dark and sexy. Good place for a date, minus the corn aspect.Utter disappointment. Sorry for the long review.....I was really excited to come here after seeing so many raving reviews about the grilled corn. After coming back from NY and having Cafe Habana's grilled corn, I was determined to keep that sweet yet spicy taste of elotes  (Spanish for grilled corn) in my mouth.First impressions:I came here with 2 other girlfriends around 6:45PM on a Tuesday night and holy crap was it already busy. The place is so small that people were standing up right next to each other, trying to avoid waiting outside in the cold. The hostess told us it was going to be about a 30-45 min wait and it ended up being around a solid hour. However, the hostess Whitney, was totally awesome about it and she kept apologizing for the wait and told us when we were about to get seated. Also, the music didn't fit the atmosphere of the restaurant. They were playing hip-hop music (although I LOVE hip-hop music) which didn't seem to go well with the vibe of the placeFinally, we were seated in the middle of the long communal table btwn 2 other parties of 2. It was extremely loud inside and I could barely hear myself speak, let alone hear my conversation with my gfs.I'm a total foodie and I love eating out. Originally from Los Angeles, I've had my share of really GOOD Spanish food. Here's my breakdown of what we ordered and my opinions of it:1. Red wine Sangria (Pitcher which pours about a glass and a half for 3 people in a short glass) - The sangria was good. Just like any other red wine sangria I've tasted.2. Grilled corn of course! (everyone on Yelp was raving about it) - This was my number one disappointment. I came here just for this and it doesnt even compare to the grilled corn from Cafe Habana in NY or even the grilled corn that you can buy in the streets of LA. The grilled corn from Toro is bathed in aioli. There's BARELY any chili powder and the cheese they use is just some regular shredded cheese, not the cotija cheese. I felt like i was eating corn that was drenched with aioli sauce. IF you looooove aioli, then this is the place for you. BUT this is nothing compared to others that I've tasted.3. Anna's (chicken and potato) empanadas - I didn't like this dish at all. First off, I couldn't taste, or even find the pieces of chicken. I felt like it was more of a croquette than an empanada. It had a weird taste to me. 4. Patatas bravas - this was pretty much the only decent dish I had the whole night.5. Navajas a la Plancha (seared razor clams) - I didn't personally try this but my girlfriend said it was really good.OVERALL. I was NOT impressed. Too crowded, too overpriced, mediocre food. BUT a nice hostess (Whitney) and awesome choice of music.The food was extraordinary! If you are expecting large portions, than you are going to be disappointed, this type of food just isn't supposed to be served in large portions. We ordered four diverse items off the menu to share and they had been all wonderful!Going to this restaurant there will probably be a wait and in the event you have other plans, then I wouldn't go to this restaurant. But if you have a lot of time and would like to eat at a enjoyable and intriguing location, then I would suggest Toro. It had an excellent lively atmosphere, just a cool location overall.More like 5,000 stars if I could make that happen (come on Elite superpowers!).Toro is ridonkulous. Toro is incrabulous. Toro is stromtrulescent. I am now out of words that don't actually exist that mean "absolutely amazing perfection".This is what our party of 4 got:Aceitunas - You can't go wrong with olivesTuna Tartare - Tender like a smashed up peach and flavored like perfectionAtun Crudo - The softest yellowfin tuna ever--so fresh!Gambas al Ajillo - Not your typical Spanish garlic shrimp. Thicker, creamier sauce, for one thing. Jumbo tender shrimp. Scoop the sauce up with bread after the shrimps' gone and I guarantee a foodgasm or your money back.Ceviche - Refreshing. Citrusy. 'Nuff said.Tortilla Espanola - Eggs, onions and potatoes in alioli. Like a garlic omlette.Lengua con Lentejas y Salsa Verde (beef tongue) - So tender they split at the merest caress of a fork. Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - Jesus Hong Christ, foodgasm on a cob. Seriously. Corn + creamy cheese sauce. God bless the Spanish-speaking people.Garbanzos con Chorizo - The sauce, beautifully paired with chick peas, is so incredibly savory, like a stew you ladle from a pot suspended over a roaring fire. Probably the best sauce I've had in years.Hamburguesas de Kobe - As one of our party put it, you don't usually see a burger patty cooked so perfectly medium while still being absolutely tender. Brava, chefs, brava!And to top off the meal, crisp, delicious churros in a warm, thick chocolate sauce. *Cue the drool*I am a cocktail fiend and Toro has a cocktail list that's an exercise in indecisive torture. After agonizing over the list for hours (okay, not really), I settled on The Gypsy, a gorgeous, smooth, lemony cocktail that went down as easily as a hooker at a frat party. Also tried my friend's Cava Cocktail and it was pretty tasty. For dessert, a few of us got glasses of port, and I, being the fearless adventurer, got the Barbadillo Fino, which is described as tasting of almonds and oysters. Yeah, oysters. It was pretty awesome. Smelled stronger than it actually was...psyche!Last but not least, though we sat outside, service NEVER lacked and was attentive, friendly and punctual throughout. Probably the best outdoor dining service I've had in Boston. Which goes well with the best tapas experience I've had in the city.Oh, Ken Oringer, you photogenic celebrity chef. I hold you fully responsible for what you've done to my palate.Another welcome addition to the South End! While this is not a place to come at 7 p.m. if you don't want to wait (at least an hour), when we returned around 10:30 Thursday, there was no wait, and the hostess was happy to give our party of two a table for four (bonus points in my book). Staff is friendly, efficient, and opinionated, which is great when asking for wine and tapas recommendations. The two glasses recommended went well with our tapas.Food is overall worth the price and spot-on for tapas. The house specialty corn was fantastic-buttery, grilled, and just the right amount of salt and cheese. Braised short ribs were sweet and tangy, and the Spanish tortilla was light and fluffy. We also ordered patatas bravas, a small bite of artichoke, sweet Maine shrimp, and a salad, all of which were quite good. Desserts were creme catalana (a creme brulee with more interesting flavor) a foam version of the same, and churros with chocolate. The creme catalana was a bit too flamed on the top, but otherwise quite good.Nice atmosphere, but they did seem to be rushing a bit to clear our dishes. Don't forget to ask for bread, as it doesn't automatically appear--which should be remedied, of course. Total with two glasses of wine, one dessert, and eight tapas came to around $70 before tip--not cheap, but delicious and a nice experience.Summed up in one sentence. Above average tapas (not great), very friendly staff, but not worth the wait at all.They don't take reservations, which means that you should expect a *very* long wait at peak times. We waited 2.5 hours on a Friday night, for the promise of amazing food and the best tapas we would have had in recent memory. While the staff was apologetic for the wait (they must have to apologize a lot), it was downright excessive. There is very little that I would wait that long for, and unfortunately the food at Toro is just not one of those things. After standing outside for most of the night, there was no way the food could possibly live up to the expectations. And it didn't. Not even the corn. That's right, not even the corn.Now don't get me wrong, the corn was great, but balanced with everything else, it wasn't enough to put me over the top and get me back to Toro anytime soon. The rest of the food was solid, but not as good as I was expecting. Maybe Toro was just the victim of over heightened expectations, but with the exception of the odd dish here and there, I recall having plates of close quality at Dali, Tasca, and Tapeo with less fanfare and certainly less time spent staring at other people eating before I got a chance to sit down.The other thing that bothered me about Toro was the number of self-important south-end wanna-be hipster-yuppie types that were sucking down PBRs like they had just discovered the anecdote. I mean, are we still doing this? The ironic-cool thing with the PBR? Really? I thought this was replaced with the equally repulsive trend of wearing brightly-colored wayfarer sunglasses 24/7 and pretending it was like, totally normal and stuff. PBR is a fine beer for a backyard BBQ when you just want a real cold-one, but if you are thinking that drinking PBR in a South End tapas restaurant is elevating your level of non-temperature cool, you need be set straight. A good rule of thumb, is that if you can get a t-shirt at Urban Outfitters with a particular beer logo on it, that beer probably isn't consumed for it's quality. Or coolness anymore for that matter.Short version is, Toro is good. It ain't great. Go on an off day, or super late on a weekend, get some corn, have a cocktail (all of which are pretty decent looking), and then go to one of Ken Oringer's better restaurants.Love this place. Quality of food always delivers. The wait stinks but I have never had an issue eating at the bar. Fun drink menu too. Try the corn, dates, empanadas & something you've never heard of you'll probably be pleasantly surprised!I have some game-changing news. TORO WILL CUT THE DELICIOUS CORN OFF THE COB!Are you like me who hates to eat corn on the cob? It makes a mess, gets in your teeth, and gets all over your hands and clothes? Well, Toro will cut the corn off the cob for you. That's right, a mound of garlicky, cheese, corn-goodness served to you in a bowl. Just when you thought the corn couldn't get any better. OH yeah, and the cauliflower was the best cauliflower ever. Roasted, with olive oil, pine nuts, and raisins? Simple yet delicious. One simple and skip-it offering is the brussels sprouts. They were delicious, but not worth the money. You can make just as yummy ones at home pretty effortlessly. Finally, the paella. Half serving is more than enough for two people. I effing love Toro.Toro, Toro how I love thee. Let me count the ways:The tomoto bread - so warm and olive oily. The garlic shrimp - better than anything I tasted in Madrid or ToledoThe torilla Espanola - perfect flavor and textureThe potatos bravas - to be served on my death bedThe grilled corn - additctive (but not for first dates.. or second ones)The sangria - serioulsy, the best I have ever hadThe Churros dipped in cholocate and the fondue are a perfect way to fill that dessert stomach. This is a great place for a date or a group. Any kind of celebration or relaxation can be catered by Toro tapas. Be prepared to spend well if you want to eat well. If you go all out with the tapas and wine and dessert (and you should if you are going to wait that wait) it will probably run you about $50 a person. The service was excellent both times I have gone, and one time, a Boston Globe reporter put our picture in the Food section!It is seriously one of those places that I think, "I must have gone to the wrong place because THIS cannot be the same restaurant everyone is raving about."  Keeping it pretty short because there are a ton of reviews here and, so, no one will probably ever read this.The food is simply NOT GOOD. It is not even ok.  It is all bland, under-seasoned, and if there is a sauce, expect gloppy and soggy.  I sampled 20+ dishes and not one was anything I would come back to.  I kept assuming that these just must be the less successful dishes and something great is coming any second.  And it never did.  I give it 2 stars because nothing actually was offensive or made me sick.  Actually, no, that corn crap was offensive--so one star!The crowd is kinda bogus and exactly the type you would think would go to a place with bad food only to pretend it's fantastic.Here is the true story of what happens when two old college buddies roll up to TORO, sit at the bar and start being REAL:Ben: Two PBR's over here?... Thanks!   Sure we'd like to see some menu's... Hey dude, have you ever been here before?  The Chef: NahBen: Me neither.  It's cool.  Jaime Bissonette is supposed to be the bomb chef, so i think we're in good hands.  ***Can we pause for a hot second and say that the PBR tall boys (16oz) are ONLY a 1$.  This is effing awesome.The Chef:  yeah dude. we should get the monkfish cheeks and the razor clams.  You like razor clams?Ben:  Hell yea, I like razor clams.  Do I look like a sissy?  Wait dont answer that.  Awh dude, What about the foie gras and the pork belly? The Chef:  Yes and Yes.  It says the pork belly is served with a pumpkin, liberty apples, escargot and a maple crumble.  Sick.  I'm totally doing something like this on my menu.  Ben:  yeah it looks pretty sick.  I'm stoked.(*** after 2-3 more PBR's) the food starts rolling out.  The Chef:  Awhh dude, this is super tasty.    Ben:  Yeah man, I'm loving this right now.  The razor clams are perfectly cooked.  The Foie melts in my mouth.  Oh my god this pork belly is out of this world.  Dude I'm glad we came out tonight.  This place is sweet.  The Chef:  yeah man, its great catching up and this food is spot on.Ben:  and so are the 1$ PBRs.  There you have it folks: A gathering of two old friends, over some tasty food and cheap beer.  What could be better?I can't believe it took me this long to make this trip. This is by far one of the best meals I have had in Boston. The food is AMAZING, the service is impeccable! Get in a car, cab, train, buggy and go to Toro NOW. Oh word of advise, be prepared for a very worthwhile wait. I came on a Sunday night and they quoted me an hour...I was seated within 30 minutes and was able to sip wine until then :)Although this is advertised as a tapas restuarant, I would not call it that! The portions are huge. I went with a party of 4 and we could have probably ordered about 1/4 less. Almost all the tapas come in serving sizes for 4...the corn, the empanadas, etc. This was a startling but pleasant surprise for our wallets. We had 2 bottles of wine, 4 drinks, and all the tapas listed below for $60/each including tip! And, like I mentioned we were almost too full! Here's a line up of all the delicious choices we tried: The ones with the stars are my favorites. Anna's Empanadas - Chicken and potato empanadas, aji roja and alioli **Pato con Membrillo - Smoked duck drummettes with quince glazeFried potatoes with alioli and spicy tomato sauce **Grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged**Salt crusted Mediterranean  sea bass with fresh herbs**Hanger steak a la plancha with cabrales butter and red onion marmalade**Paella - Shrimp, Chicken, Mussels, Rice**Brussel Sprouts**Yellow Squash SaladThe atmosphere is very relaxed and they have a steady line up of Spanish songs to help set the mood. Dress is casual. Enjoy!!!!Besides it being located a stone's throw from my place, there are few things that make Toro phenominal...- The grilled corn with butter/cheese topping (I can't even explain how good this is)- The nice selection of Spanish wines- The $1 PBRsThe crowd is lively and the waits can be long but it's worth it.  The bartenders are usually great and the table service is fantastic as well.  I haven't ever had a less than impressive meal here and am happy to call myself a "regular".TORO you make me weeeeeak in the knees! This is just going to be most useless review because I can't pinpoint to you what I ordered that is superb because everything I had was delicious. It's been the restaurant on everyone's lips in the South End and the place is small so make sure to not be starving if you're going to head over there, or else the wait time may be the 7 layers of Hell. Good service and beautiful decor. Don't know what else to say...A South End gem, worth traveling past Restaurant Row! Toro offers a less uppity, yet posh, alternative to indulge in Chef Ken Oringer's (also for Clio and Uni) creative tapas.  Be sure to grab a seat at the bar, seeing as there are no reservations. The service however, moves quickly (sometimes it seems a little rushed) and the food is well worth the wait!  Toro is not really set up to accommodate groups so, choose your dining partner wisely.  The staff is attentive and accommodating.  After dining you will likely be back for the suburb Sunday brunch! Also great if you live in the neighborhood, you can run back home and come back in time for your table. Valet is a nice option in this slightly sketchy area.Well, I had high expectations, but by the time I walked out, I was $50 poorer, still hungry and my ears were ringing from the conversation -- no, yelling -- of the patrons. Why is everyone here from Winchester, instead of from around the corner? And why are they so pleased with themselves for their big urban adventure, as though they live off Exit 8 of the New Jersey Turnpike and had just discovered Manhattan?The tapas are very tasty but very small. The glasses of Spanish reds are tasty but the servings very small. The seating is fashionable, but very crowded. If you're gonna pretend you're a real tapas place, charge more reasonably. And sure, the proscenium view of the burnished steel kitchen has a certain coolness, but do I really need to see the harried staff looking so aggravated while my much-delayed mushroom dish is prepared?If I want a ringside seat for the class struggle, I'll go to Durgin Park.The CornWhen I asked my my friend (who has great taste and opinon on food and dining out) told me to go to Toro; and whatever I do I should just order "The Corn". It sounds odd he claims, "But just do it" So when when my bf and I went, our waiter greeted us and told us what they had ran out of ...BUT they only had one corn left. We told him immediately: "We want The Corn", and to please order it that very moment. 2 seconds later he returns, and tells us that it is too late. Damn! Oh well. Everything was delicious anyway. Our second time around we got to taste "The Corn", and I advise you to get "The Corn". We've return about 4 times in 3 weeks. Oh... their lunch is great too.I have to say this is the best tapas bar in Boston. I thought Tapeo was but Toro far exceeds it. They have tons more Spanish red wines to choose from and the tapas themselves are made more simple and direct. Abstract or meaningless perhaps but trust me....So the moral of the story is ...should you go to Toro, make sure to order "The Corn". The End.After yet another truly divine meal at Toro, I came home last night and promised myself I would write a review first thing this morning. I have dreams about the corn. Whenever anyone mentions the restaurant, wherever I am, whoever I'm with, I always respond with, "The corn! The corn!" I love the way it is grilled, but really all I think about is how it is absolutely smothered in heavenly cheesiness. There is so much cheesy goodness to go around: roll the corn in it to cover every inch, smear it on every tiny kernel, lick it off every finger, and then use the bread to mop up whatever is left on the plate. The servers are awesome about coming around and giving you clean plates, but that means they'll swap it for your used one--don't be afraid to tell them you've got some cheese left on that plate and you plan to use it! Aside from the corn(!), I also always insist on getting the datiles. Sweet and savory, bite-sized and filled with blue cheese, these little guys only come two to an order so make sure there are enough to go around. I have had the salt-crusted sea bass for two, and it was every bit as delicious as I expected. But, I have to admit, it's much more fun to order a bunch of the tapas for sharing. I like variety in every meal and Toro is the place to go for that. My latest favorite dish is the duck drumettes. The meat practically fell off the bone and the sauce made it so sweet, almost candied, but with hints of saltiness for a perfect balance. Again, more eating with your hands, which leads to licking off your fingers. This is not a great first date place if you really want to get into the food. For every bite of the corn, you'll need about a yard of floss. Shout out the hostesses who knew that we had been waiting long last night and brought us little tortilla espanola bites for us to nibble at the bar. Now that's the way to run a restaurant.Toro was voted Best Brunch in Boston 2009.  Like my wise friend said, "HOT DAMNNNNNN!" - this place deserves that title and more!!  I'm usually not a huge fan of tapas and Spanish food, but Toro knocks it out of the Yankee Stadium!  EVERY dish is good, so you can't go wrong.  Since everything is served on small plates, we ordered a bunch of things and shared. Bistec de Faldila a la Plancha ($13) - hanger steak a la plancha with cabrales butter and red onion marmalade - this is definitely tied for #1 dish along with the foie gras.  WOW!!!  The steak was super tender, and you MUST eat it with the red onion marmalade together in one bite to get the full effect.  I am still dreaming about this one... Foie Gras with pear and bacon chutney ($8) - creamy, rich, delectable!  It's a tiny portion - literally one bite of foie gras the size of your thumb on a mini slice of crunchy baguette.  It is worth every dollar though.Tortilla Espanola ($5) - egg, potato and onion omelet with mayo aioli.  This was the one dish I would have passed on, not because it wasn't good, but because it was super duper tiny and not that special.  If you've had a spanish omelette before (looks like a crustless quiche), it's basically that but cut into cubes.  They only give you 3 small cubes.Huevos Rancheros ($12) - eggs over easy, black beans, crispy tortillas, salsa roja and cotija cheese - we ordered this after seeing the stranger next to me eat it.  It comes in a small cast iron skillet, and layered with black beans and cheese, then topped with eggs. Huevos con Salchichon ($12) - scrambled eggs with grilled chorizo, patatas, and sourdough toast - the scrambled eggs were slightly runny, just the way I like them!  The grilled chorizo was good, the toast and patatas (fried potatoes) were standard. Corned Beef Tongue Hash ($12) - eggs over easy, patatas and sourdough toast - really liked the corned beef hash, and they were paired nicely with the perfectly cooked eggs.  LOVED the ambiance too!!  It has that rustic feel - the whole place is furnished with beautiful wood - it makes you feel like you're eating in someone's gorgeous kitchen.  Who decorated Toro?  Can I hire you when I strike it rich one day?Toro is definitely way up there on the best tapas restaurants in Boston.  It is always packed and they don't take reservations so get there early or be prepared to wait!  It's also pretty small so expect to get cozy with the table next to you.I forget every tapa we ordered but I know the one that stands out is the absolutely DEE licious corn on the cob.  It is smothered in a cheesy, buttery, scrumptious something.  The patatas bravas were really tasty as well.  Toro's menu is definitely different than the typical tapas restaurant so look forward to trying something unique and authentic.Service was nothing special but guess they don't have to worry about that when there is constantly a line out the door and the food speaks for itself!Toro had been on my "must go to" list for a long time, but I was always scared off by the line. It's true, they don't take reservations and the lines do get long. BUT, it's worth it. I went on a weekday night and they said the wait would be 1.5 hours! We walked up to the bar and grabbed a glass of wine and within 15 minutes, we were able to  snag 2 seats at the bar. Now for the food...-pimientos del padron - some are spicier than others, so be careful. a must order.-atun crudo - just enough tartness, just enough avocado. perfection.-maíz asado con alioli y queso cotija - the most delicious corn ever. seriously. get it. it's cheesy and smoky and delicious.-scallop special - would not recommend, it was bay scallops and they weren't as sweet as described.Foie gras on toast and uni sandwich... need I say more?!  Oh yeah 2 more things... grilled corn with alioli & lime AND roasted bone marrow w/ a oxtail marmalade. I can't rave enough about this place.  Each plate made my body tremble as I exploded in an orgasm each time I took a bite.  I wanted more and more!!!!!!!!!!!I had been wanting to eat here since I moved to Boston. I had high expectations and was not disappointed!Go early, put your name in and head over to one of the other bars in the area and grab a drink while you wait for a table (we went for margaritas and guac at el centro!). Everything we ordered was delicious, including the cocktails. Highlights included: the corn, the Atun Crudo and the garlic shrimp. I highly recommend Toro, it is worth the wait and lives up to the hype!If you're looking for tapas, don't waste your time going to Toro. I heard a ton of good things about the place, and I really wanted to love it here, but I think I can cook better "tapas" myself.Went on a Thursday nite @ 8:30 pm and after waiting 1.5 hours to be seated, we were told the kitchen was closing shortly after. Here's what we quickly ordered (there were 4 of us):OlivesTres QuesosTuna TartareGambas al AjilloShort RibsHangar SteakKobe slidersPatatas BravasMaiz AsadoAll in all, the best thing we ate were the olives and the cheese. And let's face it, it's extremely hard to ruin either of those. The hangar steak, which we asked for medium rare, showed up rare, and so cold that the block of butter they put on it wouldn't even melt. The tuna tartare was disgusting- we actually sent it back. It had a coconut foam on it and was so cooked through by the lime juice that it was more like seared tuna. The patatas were hot, which was nice, but not that impressive. And honestly, the corn (maiz) was good, but the aioli on it is honestly just a glorified garlic mayonnaise, and it's SLATHERED on. Seriously. It's covered in mayonnaise and cheese. I think I could make it better at home.The portions are small, the prices are high, and the staff kinda sucks. Honestly, if you want tapas, go to Tapeo or Kuchi Kuchi.Everything is teeny weeny, even for tapas dishes. Service is lukewarm. Add to that the fact that it's a very small place that tries to jam pack as many people in as it can, and it's probably not worth it. I don't understand why so many people are ga-ga over this place. I think it's one of those things where people only like something because they think they're supposed to. Whatever the reason, I think Toro has become a bit spoiled by their success and I've grown tired of having to wait for a table as well as leaving there hungry. Besides, tapas places have become ubiquitous and boring now. Instead, try the new sengalese place a few doors down, called Teranga.We got very very lucky and a friend knows the owner - so we got a reservation on a weeknight at 730.This place is hands-down amazing. First off, make sure to get a porron - a very fun way to drink blended wine and champagne, which turns into a fun way to get really drunk really fast (when combined with glasses of delightful and fruity sangria).The dishes - oh the dishes. Foie gras - velvety and smooth, served over a delightful crisp toast. The corn - so good we ordered two orders of this - is hands down the only way I want to eat corn from now on. The proscuitto wrapped figs - sweet and salty, perfect balance. I could keep naming off dishes and be long winded and go dish by dish - but seriously, you should already be putting on the shoes, grabbing your keys, and heading out the door for Toro.And lets be honest - don't expect to penny pinch here. We ended up with two pitchers of sangria, around 8 plates, and a porron for about $200ish for four people - but the experience, atmosphere, food, and drink are all hands down the most fun and best tasting you'll have in boston for tapas experience.LEGIT. LEGIT as fuck.Tapas--big flavor, big money, tiiiiiiiiny portions.Truly though, you won't even care about the price tag when you sink your teeth into one of Toro's scrumptious little treats. Try the corn that everyone raves about (you won't be disappointed), but save room for the panza de cerdo--a pork belly concoction with snails, pickled apples, and pumpkin puree--and the Costilla a la Cazadora--delicious braised beef short ribs--and I promise you will have yourself one spectacular meal.You can probably skip the pan con tomate, tortilla espanola, and the Jamon Serrano Redondo Iglesias (all of which were rather forgettable), but you would be missing out on something truly special if you passed on the paella. Thanks to our TravelZoo tasting vouchers, my friend and I got to sample all these tapas (and more), and an entire Paella Valenciana to boot. I can't remember everything that our server said was in it, but I was literally slack-jawed when it was delivered to our table. That sucker is big, and more than worth the $38 asking price. Check out Andrea B.'s photo for proof.I can't wait to go back and try the dishes I missed out on the first time (the uni bocadillo being chief among them), but you better believe I will be ordering another helping of that paella.I'd heard good things about Toro for several months and I'm a huge tapas fan -- I've even spent several days in Spain's tapas mecca, San Sebastien.  My wife and I decided to take her sister and husband here for dinner.  Let me tell you, it's amazing how the bill can add up when you keep ordering dishes and you have a good sangria buzz going.  The food was delicious, but pricey.  Tables are crowded and the place is dimly lit -- but that is authentic, so it didn't bother me.  Oh, and don't overlook the tomato bread (crostini smeared with tomato inerts and garlic) -- it's simple but fantastic.I loved this place. Tapas were amazing and my vegetarian husband had plenty of options. Got the corn based on reviews and it was awesome. My husband loved the cauliflower dish. We ended our meal with churros and they were great. Chocolate was definetely not too sweet. If you decide to order the peppers with sea salt, warning most of them are mild with just a few really spicy ones thrown in. My only complaint is the food was too salty for my taste. Also, they have long tables and seat people wherever there is room, so good chance you'll be sharing a table and bumping elbows with some strangers.The food was hit or miss, but the hits were so outstanding that they more than made up for the misses.  Stars of the night were the Maiz Asado Con Alioli Y Queso Cotija (grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese) that pretty much everyone raves about, so creamy and delicious.  The Datiles Con Jamon medjool (dates filled with marcona almonds and cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in jamon serrano) were also outstanding, so many layers of flavor going on in those little bites.  We also found the mini kobe burgers to be so juicy and bursting with flavor.  It was nice that they had a topping (smoked tomato, alioli and pickled red onion) that fit in perfectly with the rest of the menu.   I also really loved the duck pincho that was on the specials list, loved that it developed a slight kick of heat after I ate it.The dishes that didn't quite do it for us were the chorizo and chick pea dish, which we just thought was too bland and flavorless.  I thought a little salt could have saved the dish, but my friend thought it was a lost cause.   It did come in handy though for dipping our bread, which arrived without butter or oil.  Not sure if that was normal or an oversight.  The tortilla espanola was good, but not the best I've ever had.  I really like to taste the onions in my tortilla, and here they weren't very pronounced.  I also wasn't overly wowed by the chicken empanadas (I only tasted potato, no chicken) but my friend really liked them, so don't take my criticism too seriously.  I thought it was a cozy fun space, but was a little more cramped than I would have liked.  I just felt claustraphobic at times.  But like I said, the hits far outweighted the misses and I can't wait to go back and try more adventurous things on the menu, like the tripe or the foie gras or the bone marrow.This place just keeps getting better and better, and is a must-visit whenever I take Boston newbies around town. They make the best damn Bloody Mary in the city, and their famous parmesan corn is still one of the best small plates I've ever had. Plus, chef Jamie Bissonette was just named the People's Best New Chef by Food & Wine Magazine, and had a nice spot on "Chopped" as well: youtube.com/watch?v=xU8t…According to local food writer MC Slim JB, Bissonette "refused to let its producers goad him into trash-talking his fellow contestants" on the show, and "used his $10K prize to buy his wife the engagement ring he couldn't afford when they got married." Awwwwww. (I can't hyperlink MC's full review, so I guess I'll just post it here so he gets the credit for that gem -- mcslimjb.blogspot.com/20….)I fell in love this weekend.  And his name is El Toro.  He seduced me with his succulent paella, empanadas, and corn.  Oh the corn, drenched in some cheesy, artery clogging goodness.  And how could I forget the sweet, yet tangy carmelized caipirinha?  It made my head spin.For breakfast the next morning, he fed me scrambled eggs with asparagus and avocado, huevos rancheros, plaintains, and more corn.  Corn for breakfast?  Sure, why not.  But only if it's Toro's corn.  Toro and I will need to maintain a long distance relationship, but I'm willing.  It's not every day that I'm swept off my feet.  (P.S. - If you're into Frida Kahlo, check out the painting of the "modern day" Frida in the first bathroom.)It's all about the corn. THE CORN! Just be careful, it's super-slippery and I dropped it on my lap while eating. Would not recommend for a first-date food. Corn kernels in your teeth + hands/face covered in cheesy butter? Not hot.Also not hot, the bartenders here were, um, shitty? Waited for my friend at the bar, no one looked at me for about 10 minutes. Only 2 bartenders at the time, an Asian girl who was too occupied with the only other people at the bar: 3 young professional dudes (aka "bros" in cheap suits) and a short dark-haired guy who was really into restocking the bar and not taking to me. He came up to me looking bored and was condescending when I asked for a recommendation of a red wine by the glass. Ummmm they are Spanish wines I wasn't familiar with? And he was just a jerk. I paid for my wine when I was seated, and the female bartender snapped up my cash without a thank you. JERKS!I ate here with a friend who is a writer for a Boston publication and I work at a popular Back Bay restaurant and made sure to tell alllllll the staff (who are big Toro fans) about the bar service. The word on bad service gets around! Let this be a lesson to the bar staff.Love the food, but refuse to sit at the bar.Since moving from Philly and the ridiculous restaurant scene there (oh how I miss BYOs) I have yet to go to a restaurant and really have it be an event. Toro was exactly what a girl homesick for the illadelph needed. Per all the yelp reviews we went lateish (around 8:45) on a tuesday, still ended up waiting about a half hour for a table, but we enjoyed ourselves with some sangria at the bar and making flirty eye contact with the cooks (i love an open kitchen). we sat down and ordered a vast array of fun stuff. Notables were the ham-wrapped, cheese-filled dates, the AMAZING fois gras (tho the ginger thing it was served with was underwhelming) and the Bacalao (salt cod with deep-fried lemon rind - sounds awkward, but is, in fact, awesome). The sangria was great, too. The olive tapenade was a let-down, and the chorizo, apricots and cheese platter was delicious but meager for the money. everything came in a timely manner but a friend dropped her fork and it wasn't replaced, and the waitress looked kind of bored all night. But the food was really yummy interesting - tapas is always a good time.On its own, if I'd never had tapas elsewhere, Toro might get four stars.  But as a lover of tapas, it was good but not great.  We surmised it might be better in summer, as some of the problem was the ingredients.  The much-lauded corn was good, but the corn itself was not great--that's probably because it isn't corn season. But the preparation was good.  The foie gras was impressive, though I don't care for liver (or duck torture).  They don't use foie gras pate, they offer the liver itself.  The brussels sprouts were simple but delicious, halved and sauteed in olive oil and sea salt.  I found the octopus ceviche to be too sweet.  Olives were delicious, as was the marinated cheese--probably my favorite dish of the night.We arrived at 7 on a Tuesday and it was crowded but there was a seating available.  Instead of a communal table, we opted to sit at the bar, which was just as comfortable, if not more so.  We sat at the counter by the window and it was more private than the big table, which we liked.We finished the meal with churros and chocolate sauce. The sauce, with just a hint of chile, was excellent.The best thing all night: the pre-dinner cocktails.  Creative and well-made.  I LOVED the Nantucket Mule and my companion's drink, some rum and ginger concoction that was excellent.  Garnacha wine with dinner was good but not great.Other notes: great style and ambience, nice bathroom, friendly service.  They have $1 PBR tallboys after 10pm, but why the heck would you order that when the cocktails are excellent?I ate pancreas. That's right. And not just any pancreas, I ate a VEAL pancreas. It happened right here at Toro, the gateway to things that are both cruel and delicious. Case in point-- prior to eating a caged baby cow gland, I decided it was finally time to sample some foie gras. Since it came highly recommended here, I went for it. Some poor goose was force-fed something awful so that I could enjoy his tender bloated liver, seared on toast... and that didn't deter me at all. I continued my reign of tapas terror and indulged in the Kobe mini burgers. Kobe beef cows are (force) fed beer and "massaged" (beaten with machines) to tenderize their meat. I feel awful for writing this, but this process is heartbreakingly effective. The burgers were, in fact, delicious and tender. Once I was finished with culinary cruelty-spree, I tried:grilled corn- charred and buttery and rolled in machego cheese. Comes with 4 halved cobs, so one order is more than enough for you and your date, who may in fact be Gargamel. duck drumettes- glazed with quince and slips off the bone.fried potatoes- we didn't actually order these, but the nice couple next to us barely touched theirs, and insisted we take it, as they were stuffed. My companion was freaked out, but strangely, this was not the first time a nearby couple has shared food with me at restaurants, so I happily took the taters of their hands. We tried the churros for dessert, which were flaky, cinnamon and sugary, as they were supposed to be. I would have liked to see a more developed dessert option, but it was still good. The service was impressive, which was highlighted by our waiter sprinting halfway down the block after we left to bring us our forgotten leftovers. Thanks dude.I was pretty impressed with Toro during my very first Boston tapas experience. I have no idea if this was anything like traditional Spanish tapas and frankly I just don't care!The little restaurant was surprisingly crowded for a Tuesday night and had a very romantic feel to it. My friend and I were sat at a high top with stools that had no backs...I really hate sitting at high tops but knew I had to just suck it up and deal. Our waiter was incredibly helpful and gave us tons of suggestions on plate combinations right off the bat. We ended up ordering:Escalivada Catalana: This was absolutely delicious but looked a little strange. If you like smoked eggplant this is a must.Datiles con jamon: Basically heaven on a toothpick...but who can resist blue cheese filled dates wrapped in a meat resembling bacon?Maiz asado con alioli y queso cotija: The corn came highly recommended but was just wayyy too much for me. There were pretty large globs of butter and I ended up scraping most of it off.Hamburguesas: These mini burgers were juicy and awesome...and come from grass fed cows which is nice. I'd also eat just about anything covered in alioli.Panza de cerdo: Gahh how can I ever be a top chef if I don't like crispy pork belly? I REALLY wanted to like this but I just didn't. I blame it on the texture of the pork and not Toro. The artichokes and fava beans were delicious though...I would have ordered a whole plate of just them.Overall it was a pretty great meal. My biggest complaint of the night was that while our waiter was wonderful, the people busing the table were pushy and rushing us throughout. Please let me finish my bacon wrapped date in peace.Perfect meal...perfect night.  Unfortunately, I don't live in Boston, because if I did, I'd be here every night.  Come with friends, order up the tapas and a few bottles of wine, and let the memories form.  I freakin love this place!Yummy yummy yummy...there wasn't one thing that we didn't love here. 4 people, 20 drinks and the following (in order of preference):Bone marrow, smoked duck, Pork belly, Spicy green peppers , Beef cheek (special) , Lamb patties (special) , Smoked beef tongue , Gambas , Short ribs , Brussel sprouts , Corn , Cuttlefish , Seafood stew and ALL 5*The cocktails (Right fit bird, Cock O' the Rock) make the 30 minute wait enjoyable and prepare you for the upcoming carnage.My first trip was on their 6 or 7 year anniversary; one of the owners bumped into me accidentaly and got us a round of drinks and some mac and cheese! What a great gesture.Fantastic place, i want to come again and again and again.3.5 starsBf & I shared our first tapas experience here recently.  Parking warning: be prepared to do a lot of u-turns - almost all the streets were Resident Permit after 6pm.  Beware of meter maids who were prowling the streets like coyotes.A table for 2 on a Saturday night (8:30PM) was 1.5-hour wait, so we opted for patio seating instead.  Yeah... it was about 45 degrees outside but honestly, it was cold only for the first few minutes of sitting. Problem was that the tables were extremely close to each other - almost impossible to tune out others' conversations, while trying to keep your own at a whisper.  I felt like I was on a blind double date with the couple next to us.Drinks:- Rebujito tasted yucky... like dirty water ... no me gusta.- Tinto de Verano (red wine + lemon lime soda) ... okayTapas:- Ceviche de Halibut ... alright.  I've never had citrus-flavored fish before.  Glad this was the first tapas served to us because it's kind of like a fish salad, served cold.- Costilla de Buey (short rib & potato puree) ... oh so tender and flavorful & it's served in a cute, little cast iron pot- Razor clams ... delicious!- Patatas Bravas ... home fries at its best!  ...but where was the spicy tomato sauce!? :(- Atun Crudo (yellowfin tuna) ... mehh. I've had better.A couple mishaps with the food:  I'm a little suspicious as to why our tapas came out abnormally fast (literally, in minutes).  I (stupidly) forgot to check Yelp before going, so we didn't know what to order.  Kind of shocked that when we asked our waiter for tapas recommendations, he did not mention the Maíz Asado (grilled corn) at all.  So we missed out!!  :(  ...maybe it was his sneaky plan to get us to come back!For 2 people (not 100% full), we easily spent over $75!  Eeps.  The huge selection was a plus (they just added a tiny flap of more tapas to the paper menu).  In the end, Toro gave us a good impression for our first tapas experience.Their food is nice. That's really all i have to say. it's not shockingly good, or surprising, or innovative, it's just nice.the food isn't bad or anything, i just think it's a little nuts that there's people on here calling it "the best restaurant in boston"i'd say it's a great place to go with friends and family to get some yummy food, but if you're much of a food critic i'd say skip-:/for the amount of money they charge, go to butchershop or something ya'll..Last night, this trendy tapas restaurant had the potential to be my most romantic dinner in ages: intimate, warm, stylish and the hottest spot in the South End.   The only glitch was that instead of a tall, dark and handsome suitor, I was joined by my sister and our two closest childhood family friends.    The four of us hadn't caught up in a while so we didn't mind waiting at the crowded bar for half an hour as we sipped on glasses of sangria.  Our party was comprised of two meat eaters, one pescatarian and a vegetarian so we ordered enough dishes to please everyone.  The bread they served was a perfect compliment to the Aceitunas (marinated olives) and Queso Mahon (cow's milk cheese).  My favorite dishes were the Gambas al Ajillo (griddled garlic shrimp), Tortilla Espanola (Spanish omelet) and the special of the house, Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn with garlic, lime and cheese).  For our main, we split the vegetarian paella with rice and brussle sprouts.  It was brought to the table in a large metal frying pan and was just enough for all four of us.With tapas, I often find that I am still hungry afterwards and that many dishes are doused in an unnecessary amount of oil.  This was not the case at Toro.  We were very pleased with everything we ordered as well as the service (bonus points for constant refills on bread, water and, of course, sangria).  For dessert, we tried the special of the day without hearing what it actually entailed.  It arrived on a small plate with a log of some sort of mint ice cream decorated with chocolates and was covered in a sauce that had the familiar consistency of a white and, um, runny liquid.  It was definitely exotic, but next time I think I will stick with the options on the menu.When the waiter brought us the check, we were surprised when it only came to about $40/person including tip.  Not bad for one of the most in demand restaurants in the city.  I will definitely come back and try out a couple of glasses from their wine list and sample other tapas.  And there's always another shot for romance...Almost 500 reviews, so what can I add?  This:Order your burger(s) "messy."  That means they put the topping for the corn on your burger.  It is heaven.Another favorite is the dates with blue cheese and jamon serrano.  Surprisingly not very good: the garlic shrimp.Ok... I am changing my review for the better!  They changed staff and now the service is great and they have a good wine selection!!  The food was very good too...Here's how they eat in Spain:- Very late- Very little- With very little pretension.That's why I like Toro. Most places in Boston with any sort of ambiance look at you like you're a leper if you don't order an appetizer AND a main course AND a dessert. Not at Toro. Go in. Get seated at the communal table. Order a glass of wine, some olives, and one small plate (like the mini Kobe beef hamburgers). That's all you need. The people at the table next to you will give you a friendly description of their dish if you look at it for more than 2 seconds (God, I love the South End -- how did this friendly neighborhood land smack in the middle of the city of aloofness?) Fab.I usually go here for drinks now as I eat a lot, and tapas won't satisfy my insatiable appetite. This past Sunday however I as able to drag myself out of bed to eat brunch here again and must say it was well worth it.  The food was amazing and the prices reasonable considering the portions...much larger than their tapas fare. The service was also good, although a bit less attentive as the place filled up, but for a Sunday morning this was just right.This is still one of the most popular places in Boston for after work drinks, but somehow brunch still remains a lesser known secret.Fantastic.  My wife and I went here tonight with two friends.  We arrived at 5:30pm and the place was pretty empty - in fact they weren't seating yet.  The hostesses were a little annoying about the policy of only seating a complete party - we were three and the fourth was going to show up at an indeterminate time - but finally they relented when we pointed out we would need a table that seated four no matter what - but be aware.The drinks were good.  I had a glass of  dry sherry.  Good if you like that, and reasonable at $5 a glass.  We also split a pitcher of red sangria which was good - and strong.  The waiter said it was 3.5 glasses but it filled up 4.The tapas were outstanding.  We had two rounds of four tapas (8 total) and we were stuffed by the end of the night.  The highlights were the house specialty corn - amazing! - plus the skirt steak, the pork ribs, the cod bacalao fritters, and the brussel sprouts.  Also good were the chorizo and the foie gras dishes (foie gras sausage = good but a little rich).   Beet salad was not quite as good but a nice change of pace.The service was fine although my friend said the waiters/waitresses there can normally be a little rude - but we didn't see that.  The place was starting to get full by the time we left so if you want a table, come early like we did.I can't wait to go back, bring my boyfriend, and eat more perfect food. The only complaints might be how small the restaurant is and the price of some of tapas for the portion that you get, but each tapa is tasty. On the Wednesday night I went, it was extremely packed. Elbow to elbow with the people eating at the bar and those waiting to get tables.But we finally got seated right by the fire and the bread. It was romantic for our party of 6. I would recommend not having a larger party than that. It's hard to order tapas for a large group. The things I'd order again were the Maiz Asado, patatas bravas, costilla de buey, hummus, and even the salad!  The mussels and tuna tartar were good, but I'm not sure if I would order them again. We had all three desserts and they were all only okay. The bread is amazing though! I think our table devoured 2 long loaves and we dipped it into  every savory dip, sauce, and au jus remaining on our dishes.I went here last night after I got my MIT Brass Rat (wooohooo) and was in the mood for some good food, some wine, and good conversation with my friends. Well, I only got two out of three (they wouldn't take my Puerto Rican ID for some reason), but the food was so good that I didn't complain. We were a group of 7, so we ordered a lot of food to share. The corn, as everyone has said, is absolutely AMAZING. Never have I had corn that delicious. The garbanzos con chorizo (chickpeas and chorizo) were very good with the bread. We had some shrimp with some tomato saucey thing, that was really good too. The bread with anchovies and tomatoes, and the boquerones really satisfied the anchovies lover in me. The tuna cruda was really good quality fish, the kind that turns to nothing in your mouth. Very good. And the churros in the end? The perfect ending to an awesome meal.Actually, scratch that; the best ending was the bill. While I always go crazy ordering and then get a heart attack when I see the bill, it came out to be $25 per head, tip included. Not so bad!Overall, I'd definitely come back, although I am super sad I can't have some sangria with my tapas.The best cocktails I've ever had in Boston, I had at Toro a couple of nights ago. Even pushing aside Drink and some heavyweight competition at Eastern Standard, the Nantucket Mule, the Perro Picante, and the Cabana Boy seriously knocked me over with their not-too-sweet, spicy-sour depth. And maybe it was thanks to these drinks that this former vegetarian ate meat like it was the pig and cow's last day on earth. The pork belly, the marrow, the sweetbreads...and the tapas style means that just a few lingering bites of each satisfy the craving. We also ordered the corn, a messy ooze of chili, mayo, lime, and cheese. One tiny picky point: I used to live in Spain, where a calimocho was more cheap-shitty-boxed-wine-and-coke-on-the-street than the $8 cocktail they're running here. I'm pretty sure that mixing Coke with actual good wine is a waste of your grapes...but points for authenticity, Toro!Toro is one of my favorite places in the city. The first time I went there it was warm enough to eat outside which I love! Every time since it's been too cold.  I've only been to Toro either as a couple or with a very larger group. But honestly, I think the best way to do Toro would be 4 people. A larger group is harder to get a table.  Some of my favorte things: the sangria, the pan con tomato (tomato bread), sizzling shrimp, roasted beat salad with brown sugar, osyters in sherry cream sauce & seared serrano peppers). I've also had the paella and it was good but a little too tomato-based for me.I love the look of Toro and the atmosphere. There's usually a long wait for a table but it's no problem. You can just sit at the bar & have a delicious sangria.  Note: they don't take reservations.Wow, I must say that I was seriously underwhelmed here.Maybe this was one of those cases where the place could not possible live up to the hype.  But anyhow, let's go in order.For a place that is so popular, I was amazed that they do not accept reservations.  In my mind this is almost unacceptable.  What made it WORSE is that there is really no place to wait inside.  The place was very packed.  WE ended up going to a place next door (Teranga) where we sat at the bar for a few drinks and nibbles.  The staff at Toro was kind enough to call my cell phone when the seats opened up so kudos for that.Second, we did not get an individual table.  Granted, the family style seating might work well for a large group (which this place seems to be inclined to) but sitting across a long table from the GF was not really fun.  The ambience was also quite loud, not great for conversation.  One of our waitresses, while very nice, did not speak English very well, not a biggie since I am fluent in spanish, but not really cool for the GF.Re, serving wine.  There are such things as stemless wine goblets, serving red wine in a tumbler is really not proper and looks 'cheap'.The food was ok.  The grilled corn everyone here seems to rage about?  Well, corn with mayo.  Yep that's all.  Totally un-impressed.  The rest of the food was ok, but nothing too memorable.  This is unfortunate as I really looking forward to this place.  But I was very un-impressed.My suggestion?  If you are in the area, skip the wait and go to Teranga next door.  Or if you want tapas go to Barlola.I also would not recommend this place for a date, unless you want to either 1) stay quiet while the staf brings you food and drinks or 2) you like to shout over the noise to talk to each other.  Will prob not go back.The grilled corn is ridonkulous. I had to use a made up word, it is that good. The fact that they were packed to the gills on a Monday night is a testament to how delicious the food at Toro is. The duck drummets? amazing. The foie gras? unctuous and incredible. The oysters? Fresh and tasty. I have only rave rave reviews for everything we dined upon, particularly the corn and the garlic shrimp.The reason they lose one star is that service was only so-so. Empty drinks sat empty for a very long time (one martini glass was never collected) and there was a very very long wait between the first and second round of tapas. Other than that everything was just stellar.I eagerly wish to return to try all the dishes my overly filled tummy just couldn't handle.The corn.  Ah, the mythical corn of Toro, the mysterious dish that elicited passionate endorsements throughout Yelp and beyond.Is it as good as everyone says?  Or is it all a conspiracy?Here's what I think -- THE CORN REALLY IS THAT GOOD.It costs $6, has four half-ears of corn (perfect to split between 2 people) and it's covered in aioli, pepper and plenty of cheese.  It's fantastic -- unlike anything I've ever had before.  You can't go to Toro and not order this dish.Other dishes my friend and I tried:--Pan con tomate -- pretty basic, but a nice starter.--Octopus Ceviche -- very sweet, almost brown sugary (a bit too sweet for me).  Interesting flavors, though.--Eggplant -- served cold with tomatoes, onions and garlic that will NOT give you bad breath later!  Score!--Garlic shrimp -- really, really good.  Not as garlicky as I expected, with a strong barbecue/grilled flavor.To drink, we had Calimochos -- red wine and coke!  (The soft drink, not the narcotic.)  It's popular in Spain and surprisingly tasty!Also -- I went with a friend at about 6:30 PM on the Friday night of Pride weekend.  I assumed we'd have to wait a long time, but we got a seat outside immediately.  Nice.  Pretty good service, and alfresco dining was nice.And don't think you have to spend tons -- for what we got (enough for 2 girls, but not for guys or really hungry girls), we each paid $35, including tip.Go here and get the corn.  You'll be raving about it to everyone you know!Toro is amaze balls and bananas at the same time, which basically never happens.  After waiting for some time, I finally got to experience this place and it lived up to the hype.  It was during restaurant week, too.The grilled corn with cheese and aioli was a religious experience.  Trust me now, believe me after you try it.  Easily the best dish we got.  And I like that they brought it last to add to the build up.  We also had the eggplant, zucchini, grilled garlic shrimp (soooo good), and a very tasty and interesting sea urchin grilled panini.All this yummy food served with a sweet tea vodka concoction?  Yes, please.  Such a good meal.  I'm going to be dreaming about the corn and shrimp for forevers.  I can't wait to go back.Two great secrets to TORO:#1: Sunday Brunch#2: $1 PBRs (plus amazing cocktails)Toro is right around the corner from me and I rarely go in, mostly because it is so packed (i.e. a little less crowded and it would have 5 stars in my book) except for after 10PM on a schoolnight and for Sunday Brunch. For brunch, the eggs are amazing, the arugula salad is amazing, the coffee is great, and you'll be nibbling away at your meal before the folks in line at mike's are even inside the doors. For the late night drinks, the crowd moves away slowly and you are left with a classy cocktail menu and (for the beer inclined) the most reasonably priced tall boy in town. I believe you can still get tapas at the late hour, which will satisfy my late night grilled corn craving (or chocolate churros, for that matter) someday soon.P.S. LUPEC boston has at least two members in attendance at TORO, and I bought their little cocktail book from the bar... Fantastic. I can see why there are many "frothy" drinks on the cocktail menu, and I appreciate the experimentation!I did not intend on coming here the day I did. Me and a friend wanted to give Mike's City diner a try but the wait was too long. We saw this place next door and decided to give it a try for brunch. Man am I happy we did, the chilaquiles here was delicious. The corn tortillas had a great crunch and the braised beef was delicious. Try this place for brunch, you won't be disappointed.The one star gives away that we were not happy with our dinner at Toro at all. It was restaurant week and late on a very busy Friday night. Despite the deal of the restaurant week menu, the portions were small and the sangria was terribly overpriced. So not much of a deal at all. Some of the tapas were pretty good, but all in all, the quality was pretty dismal. If you have had churros in Spain, do NOT try them at Toro. You will be very sorry (they also come just with a bit of chocolate sauce and not with a hot chocolate).The atmosphere was not great and it was incredibly LOUD with music cranked up to an unnecessary level. Not a good place if you actually want to talk to the people you go out with.It does not seem that there is a single tapas place in Boston that is good and has the price to match. Dali is overpriced, Solea is better but out in Waltham. I would recommend Estragon over Toro and Dali anytime, but it is also too expensive for what you get - and I am sorry, I just have to compare it to Spain. I'll be trying Tasca in Brighton next. Maybe that will be a find?So one of my buddies suggests Toro for dinner - I'm like, fantastic - I can always go for sushi... I guess a common misconception? Toro means tuna in Japanese, and Bull in Spanish! Ole! Fan-f*cken-tastic dude. We did wait a tiny bit for a table (I forget how long, but not long enough for it to be annoying - we just stood outside in the beautiful fall night and chatted until the hostess called us in!). Beautiful space - white washed brick walls, dark wood, long tables in the middle, an open kitchen, awesome. My friend and I, oh we love to eat. I love trying everything! So we ordered... 12 dishes. Highlights: Foie gras served on a crisp crostini with pear and bacon chutney. Sweet Jesus, it changed my life. I haven't had foie gras so perfectly prepared in so long! It just... exploded in my mouth. I wanted to cancel everything else and just order 10 plates of it. Seriously. Everything about that little plate was sooooo f-en good. Dates with almonds wrapped in jamon - I call this the hot date. Burnt the crap out of my tongue when I stuck it in my mouth, but it was totally worth it! I loved this. Sweet and salty and meaty. I kinda wished there was a bit more ham, but it was seriously good. Grilled corn - by the way, it's totally on the cob. Just sayin, if you were planning on ordering this on a date. I was with a friend, so I had no problem getting cheese and all that goodness all over my face (and teeth! Why does corn always get stuck in your teeth)! Uni sandwich - the pickled mustard seeds, I was like - wow. It was creamy and just... exploded with this awesome musky flavor. Wow. You really need to try it. It's awesome. Grass fed beef heart - it seriously tasted like rare roast beef. Perfectly chewy, and just... meaty. With a tangy tomatoey sauce. Yum! Veal sweetbread - I honestly don't know what a sweetbread is (something about a gland of some sort in between the heart and lungs or something? I'll have to wiki it at some point). :) But... YUUUUUUUUM. A mouthful of goodness. It's seriously like two perfect bites (great for two people!). And so good! Blood sausage - it tasted like soondae, Korean blood sausage. Dusted with just a hint of sea salt and chili powder. Super thinly sliced. Pork belly with escargots and pumpkin puree... it was like 75% fatty fat fat and 25% (maybe less?) of meat. SO bad for you, but SO good. And that pumpkin puree was so amazingly good, we sopped all of it up with the bread they brought us. Smoked duck drumettes - it tasted like pork spareribs. Seriously. The smokyness of the meat just, oh, made that fatty duck taste SO GOOD. Tuna tartare with the coconut and lime... if my perfect vacation was a dish, it would be this. Although, I do agree with one of the previous reviewers - the foam was a bit off putting. Just serve me simple dishes with simple ingredients. But still... executed very well. And it really was the taste of my perfect vacation. Acorn fed ham - WOW. It was fatty and delicious. Seriously. I would like a pound of that for Christmas please! Service was attentive, our water glasses were consistently filled, and we left absolutely STUFFED to the gills. Sooooooo worth it. 2 cocktails, a glass of wine, and 12 tapas set us back about $120. So... a bit pricey. But oh... seriously. So worth it.By the time we got to the hotel and checked in, it was 10:00 and we were hungry.  I called Toro and they said the kitchen was open on Friday until 11:50.  We took a cab and arrived at a packed restaurant.Fortunately, we found a seat near the window and shortly thereafter, two places at the bar.  We were told we would have to wait 45 minutes for a table.  Bar is good with me.  We ordered the Cauliflower, Corn, Brussel Sprouts, Bone Marrow and Pork Belly.  All were excellent.  The portions were large enough for two and the five tapas satisfied two hungry eaters.  The kitchen kept sending out food to other tables and it appeared orders were being taken clear up until 11:50 without any noticeable grimaces from the staff.No complaints here.  Thank you.  Excellent start to our trip.Spending $90 after tip for two was a bit of a fly in the sherry so to speak, but only a little. My girlfriend was taking me to the Boston Symphony on her tab, so treatnig her to Ken Oringer's palette of Barthelonan (excuse me, Barcelonan) bites was the least that I could do.Now, it's a bit off base to compare tapas to Korean food, but the comparison explains why I remain paradoxically reverent and skeptical of this style of food.While dicovering tapas is like the invention of eIectricity to some people, I've already grown up privy to a cuisine (Korean) that regularly showcases endless bits of intensely flavored pickled, spicy, smoky, meaty, fatty food containing elements rarely seen in the average American diet (octopi, snails, bone marrow, anchovies). I've grown up taking for granted that such food is a necessary companion to drink, and vice versa. So, I'm convinced that the culture of tapas was once similarly down-home, thus I slightly resent the uptight prices. Yet, I am powerless to criticize the food. This flat-roofed, one-story restaurant owned by worldly East Coast native Ken Oringer is a stop of world class food along a wide stretch of Washington Street in the increasingly hip South End. neighbors include an ugly/familiar CVS, and the famous Flour bakery is across the corner. Don't expect to crave any pastries after you've Toro-ly stuffed yourself, though.The consensus is to arrive early. I agree. At 5, people were already ecstatic to share the solid wood tables in the 55 seat place, which feels roomier precisely because of this cap on guests. Reservations are not allowed and the hostesses will not seat you unless all members of your party are present. It was a blessing in disguise that my friend was still struggling to find street parking, because I had no choice in her absence but to sit at the bar and have my first sherry drinking experience.Got lucky by harnessing the attention of an apt bartender (go figure, the Latin looking one, but of course not Spanish). He put me at ease as he explained the nuances of each and poured samples. I selected the Tio Pepe Fino, described as having a "fresh nose with brine and yeast, tangy, warm finish." This thrilled me because I avoided sherry for so many years thinking it was all sweet, probably from one childhood swig from a bottle of creme sherry that someone had gifted to my parents while Reagan was in office. My glass of Tio had zero sugar, and did indeed evoke freshness and the sea. It seemed mild, but got me buzzed enough to clamor for a tallboy of 'Gansett right afterwards.When my friend settled in with some high-falutin red, we ate:Pimientos del Padron - "Hot green peppers with sea salt"Sounds awful simple for $7, yet it was one of my top picks.Datiles con Jamon - Basically meat fat, bleu cheese, and natural sugar. Can't go wrong with this candy.Croquetas de Bacalao - Nothing tricky about these breaded spheres of cod, except that the insides were hotter than hell itself and we both burnt ourselves. Another surprise; I ate the lemon rings like they were onion rings.Pan con Tomate - Little bits of hard bread, a tiny bowl of pasty tomato dip, ancovies, salt and oil! As always, it was mildly stressful portioning the bread to the paste.Costilla de Buey -"Rioja braised short rib of beef with armagnac soaked prunes and pommes puree" - now this actually tasted Korean (like jangjorim), and was the most filling selection.Asado de Huesos - The marrow in its canoe of bone was the texture of melting lard that turns liquid in your mouth. Next to this, the "radish citrus salad" seemed but a garnish. A tasty one, though, as I ate it all.Even while full, I wanted to try the Catalan sea urchin stew! The crispy pork belly with escargot and maple crumble! The Kobe beef mini-burgers! The smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze! But I couldn't have it all when compromise was the word.In a big mob, you'd have to really hustle to get these dishes down your throat before someone else snapped it up. With only one other person, it was a tense charade of courtesy ("You eat it..." "No, you eat it..." "are you sure?" "Yes, go ahead..." "Really?" "It's fine!") as you both realize you were hungrier than you ever thought. It's a weird dynamic, which is probably why drinking is encouraged. Wouldn't bring a date here - couples begone!After my bartender disappeared, the service became slightly standoffish because it was a full house. We enjoyed a show of young Boston boys (didn't see the chefs) scurrying about the open kitchen, restocking ingredients in tiny fridges, and blackening endless sections of corn-on-the-cob on an industrial griddle. I woudln't sit anywhere else. I'd say that I'd go solo next time, but how to justify going triple digits on ten communally intended dishes all by myself? Sitting alone with split pants and a greasy mouth, I'd surely cry into my red wine and coke. Wait, that sounds pretty good.Cowboys always add a unique twist to a meal. Nevermind that it was halloween and my gay-dar might have been compromised by copious amounts of wine. There was just something surreal about this cowboy dude coming over and serving us tapas plates. But I digress....As the legions of previous reviews have mentioned.... the grilled corn is divine. I enjoyed the duck and their mushroom daily special was fantastic. My wife didn't find the other plates particularly memorable and feels Toro is not as good as Dali [which I still need to visit].But to be honest, with all the good and not-so-good reviews, you really just have to take the plunge and try Toro for yourself. I'd go back.As far as tapas bars go, this place is the balls. Last night, four friends and I stopped in for Restaurant Week. They had our table ready for our 6:30 reservation. We each got to order one appetizer and the entire table got to order a total of 12 tapas entrees. For my starter, I had the Foir Gras with pear and bacon chutney and that was wonderful. By far the most amazing thing I ate was the grilled corn. You MUST get this. Other highlights include the yellowtail tuna, patatas bravas, and the empanadas. Being a supertaster, I cannot eat anything remotely spicy and the items that they advertised as spicy were perfectly manageable for me. Their RW menu was huge and I can only imagine what the rest of the items they offer could be. They also sell PBR for $1 and carry a large selection of beers and liquor. The service was great  and we were always having new plates rushed out to us. The only problem was that since it was so busy, I didnt get my water refilled until just before dessert. No one asked me if I wanted another beer. That was disappointing. The only problem was that our table was located in the middle of the restaurant so half of our party had their backs to the bar. Since this place is busy without Restaurant Week, part of our party kept getting bumped into by the people that were waiting for their table.Why do I play along with my friends and try to like food that is completely inimical to my style.   This brings me to Toro for Tapas, which is Spanish for little food.Probably in Spain, they have this style of cuisine, because either there is not enough food for regular size portions or they are eating this after siesta, so they are not that hungry.I can appreciate either scenario.  I can also appreciate the Nuveau cuisine argument of hey look, but don't eat.  Food for some people can be pleasing to the eye.I know just this:  Do not charge me a fortune for it and I should not be walking next door to Mikes, because I am still hungry.On the other hand, the aficionados really seem to enjoy itI finally ate here the other day! Hooray!!!I had the Paella Valencia i think it was called. Rice, chicken, shrimp and some sort of sausage, oh and mussels. It was AMAZING! (and also gigantic, we split between 3 people). The drinks were delightfully concocted, with an old world inspiration (my favorite kind). I also ran into Pink Lady (from LUPEC) which just made me love the place all the more, i may be slightly obsessed with this organization check out lupecboston.com. Another part of this spectacular evening was helping my friend's brother find his official cocktail. We needed one that was both badass, classic and easy to order anywhere. I decided that a Manhattan was the way to go and sure enough the perfect blend of whisky and vermouth showed up at our table and to my delight, both brothers took an instant liking, claiming this as their new lifelong companion. Overall, the food was delightful, the drinks shaken to perfection and the staff amazingly friendly and helpful (as always). Toro is one of my regular destinations and i Highly recommend it to anyone!My friend Matt took me to Toro after I complained about wanting Paella. When we arrived at the restaurant, my first impression was that its very busy and energetic. The atmosphere was warm and friendly. Everyone seemed satisfied while enjoying the drinks, the food, or company of their friends.The staff were on top of things and were very attentive to their customers. We started out at the bar since the wait was an hour long, we lost our patience and ordered food thinking that we might get too hungry... when our table was ready, the hostess and bartender gladly moved our service over to the waitress. I thought that was very convenient and flexible. Before describing the amazing food,  I would like to declare that I DONT usually eat corn or drink Sangria. At this place, I did both. The corn were grilled and served with butter and cheese. They were so delicious, we didn't even care about using our fingers... in fact, we didn't even bothered using napkins. When our paella came, my heart was racing. Instead of serving it on a plate, they bring you the giant iron pan that it was prepared in, still sizzling. The shrimps were jumbo and juicy; the clams were all opened shell ready to be indulged. If I have to sum it up in simple words, it would be CORN, PAELLA, DRINKS and SERVICE. I give this place an A-!Heck Yes. Toro it teetering on the border between four and five stars.I came in on a Friday evening for dinner at 6 for four people.  Wanting to sit inside on a chilly night, the wait was only about 20 minutes. I guess the best advice is to get there early, since they don't take reservations.We hung out at the bar for a little while waiting on a table, so I ordered a verdad y amor. Highly recommended. The boy got a honey badger, and shockingly it was not utterly horrible for someone who hates the taste of whiskey.Once seated, we split the following:-uni bocadillo: very good, but messy.-half paella valenciana - a classic, but they did quite a good job with it.-maiz asado con aioli - one of my favorites of the night. i have never enjoyed corn anywhere near that much! amazing!-panza de cerdo - yuuuuum! apart from the corn, this is the other one that I'd definitely order again.-one of the specials that was basically a pate of sweetbreads - meh... I wasn't in love.That amount of food was definitely enough (and almost more than enough) for the two of us.Overall, I really enjoyed the experience. This is the perfect place to come and try out somewhat exotic food options, but not make it your entire meal! Of course tapas restaurants are always a bit pricey, but I think this is one of the ones that is actually worth the price. If you've been to one of Jose Andres' Jaleo restaurants in D.C., I think Toro definitely far surpasses Jaleo in overall experience and taste.I love Restaurant Week. It's a smidge of an addiction. I'll book 3-5 ressies each of the weeks, and more often than not, I'll go to all of them. I love a bargain, what can I say?Toro is the BEST deal for Restaurant Week.Reasons?1. You order off the real menu. No scraping the bottom of the freezer case, just cuz it's cheapo week. The ENTIRE menu, too. Not just these 4 options. The whole. Darn. Thing. 2. The more people you go with, the more tapas you order. Go with a group of 3? Choose 1 app, 8 tapas, 1 dessert each. I was with a party of 5, I think we got something insane like 18 choices. Whatever it was, we were rolling out of there. 3. Fanastic wine list. Try something crazy. Also, the waitstaff is really helpful in this regard.4. The food is amazing. Ken Oringer doesn't mess around. I endorse the "weird stuff", aka tripe, beef heart, etc. Weird stuff is good, especially in tapas. Give it a try. Short list of faves: Ham-wrapped dates; corazon a la plancha; corn on the cob with aioli & cotija; Lengua with lentils... I really could go on and on.One bummer... there's usually a wait, even with a ressie. But once you're seated, it doesn't really matter.This place is amazing.We went there with a big group of people and unfortunately had to wait 2 hours for a table. But it was more than worth it. I would go into detail about what we ordered, but it was a lot. I will just hit the highlights. The following tapas should not be missed: Brussel Sprouts (I know, right?), roasted duck, frog legs, garlic shrimp, corn on the cob (with garlic aioli and manchego cheese), sea urchin and lobster bisque and patatas bravas. The sangria was also great but no where near as good as the white Sangria at Cuchi Cuchi (it's like Ambrosia, people).I lived in Spain for a bit, so I can say with confidence that this isn't exactly the most typical Spanish fare, but who cares.... it was freaking delicious! Also, it's not that expensive. Between the seven of us we probably ordered 12 -15 tapas and two pitchers of Sangria and it was only $35 each plus tip! Not bad at all. The only draw back was the outrageous wait for a table. But it was a Friday and we did have a large group of people.... it may be better on a week night or if it's just two people going out on a date. Either way, it is definitely worth the wait.Here's the surprising thing about Toro, it's sort of impossible to seat a group of 16 on a Thursday night. Who could possibly have imagined that? I mean, really? You can't seat 16 people at 7:30 with no advance notice. C'mon guys. Get your act together. But, really. Toro. You killed it otherwise. Absolutely killed it. And by 'it', I mean a small army of cattle, snails, mussels, pigs, shrimps and bison. I have to admit, and I am really admitting it publicly here, you successfully tempted me into breaking my meat free summer with your intoxicating array of meaty plates. I sort of woke up feeling really guilty, but you know, a moment on the lips and all of that. Of note in my evening of tapas and cocktail infused debauchery:-bourbon and apricot liqueur cocktail -insaney pants rum drink (Polynesian something, something)-cheese board featuring very sharp and stinky cheeses-oxtail on toasted breads-bone marrow-sweet and spicy shrimps-lot's of Spanish sounding stuff-a crazy, and terrifying, massive bull head sculpture on the wall-wine on tapSo. Toro. 1. absolutely kills it food wise, especially if you like to share and pass plates 2. has a great, friendly and warm vibe 3. get's jam packed so may not be the place to try and seat 16 people on a Thursday night and 4. absolutely gets my seal of approval.Toro is exactly what all restaurants should do for Restaurant Week - many, many different, small plates for everyone to try out at a fixed price. What a great idea!We were seated promptly and were given a menu with about 20 tapas entrees. Being a table of 4, we were allowed to pick 10 tapas (3 people can pick 8 and 2 can pick 5) and we picked 10 different ones. The tapas were brought out about 2 at a time, so it did not feel very overwhelming. For vegetarians, the meat:seafood:veggie ratio is about 4:1:1, so while the corn and chickpeas are *very* good, it might not be enough. For meat-eaters, spend the extra $3 on the short-ribs - they are to die for. Dessert was chili-chocolate chorizo... yum!We will definitely come back! Or even better, open one in Cambridge, please!I love this place! I've only been here once but I'm itching to go again now that the weather is warm again.I brought two of my friends from ny here (remember, nyc folks usually have a snobby food palate :)) and they loved it (we all agreed the grilled corn was better than cafe habana's corn in ny and if you've been there, you know that's hard to beat!). We sampled a lot and our favourites were definitely the corn, the patatas bravas, the braised short ribs, yellow fin tuna.... sangria was yummy too. Downside obviously is the ridiculous wait and no reservations. But... it's worth the wait!I will DEFINITELY be heading back to Toro the next time I have a huge wad of money to blow.The drinks are a bit pricey, at least for a college student, but are worth every penny. And hey, if you drink them while you wait the hour to sit down, you'll get more of a buzz drinking them on an empty stomach! More bang for your buck!Anyway, the food was awesome. Scooterpie and I split the garlic tomato toasts, the kobe beef sliders, and the chili rubbed corn. If we had tried to eat more tapas than that, we would have burst. If there is one thing I can urge anyone to do, it is to get the corn. It is so worth. We both writhed in bliss as we chomped on it, and simultaneously got our fingers (and napkin-clad laps) excessively dirty. And then, subsequently, had pepper in our teeth for about a week. But I swear, it's delicious.We followed up with the churros for dessert. They were okay, but I really wish we had just gone to Flour for dessert instead. They tasted like they were fried in the same oil as everything else in the place--not an appealing sensation for dessert. Next time I'll try the creme brulee.Went there after work on a Tuesday around 7:30 and it was packed with a 30 minute wait time. Since it was nice outside I didn't mind the wait, plus I was with good company. Once we were in, the service was very efficient, polite, and attentive. As busy as it was, I never felt that we had to wait long for service or the usual "checking in" on my table by the wait staff. It's a very comfortable atmosphere, but I was surprised at the lack of decorations around that hammers home its Spanish cultural influence. The customer base was your average professional guy/gal looking to shake off the workday. What I didn't like was the overpriced food (8+ dollars for 2 buttered BBQ chicken wings) and the metal chairs. I don't mind paying a lot of money for atmosphere and gourmet food, but you must match your quality with what you are charging. The food was good, but nothing grabbed me as a "must come here for this again" factor save for the Sangria.Bottom line is: You don't charge this much money to have your guests sit in metal chairs and eat merely good (not great) food.Holy Goodness. I arrived 30 min before the kitchen was open on a weekday, got a prime seat at the bar and let the recommendations come flying at me. Favorites of the night: grilled corn, grilled shrimp, and churros. Seriously fantastic. I'll be back and I'm coming in early again because it becomes a madhouse around 7pm.Since there's so much already said about this place: Come during Restaurant Week, it's the only time they take reservations. Come not during RW: I've found that it's often cheaper to order as usual than RW and the food is totally worth it. I usually try to arrive right when they open to avoid the wait. Things I like: Duck Drumettes, Corn, Sliders, Bone Marrow.I'm so glad a local friend brought us here. There were four of us.  One doesn't eat meat but eats seafood.  One doesn't eat seafood but eats meat.  One is pretty much a "meat and potato" person.  And then there's me, the one who eats (almost) everything.  The fantastic thing is that there were different dishes that suited all of us (probably why we thought tapas was a good idea).  The wine was perfect for this group, too!What we ordered:  Atun Crudo (yellowfin tuna)Ceviche De Pulpo (octopus ceviche)Ostras En Escabeche (greek oysters)Ensalada De Remolachas Con Queso De Cabra (roasted beets and goat cheese salad)Gambas Al Ajillo (garlic shrimp)Coles De Bruselas a La Piancha (brussels sprouts)Malz Asado Con Alioli Y Queso Cotja (grilled corn with alioli and aged cheese)  *******our combined favorite******* and house specialityPotatas Bravas (fried potatoes) - can you guess who this was forBistec De Faldilla a La Plancha (skirt steak)Okay - I looked up their menu to help me remember what we had but I think we had quite a bit more food (or double orders) and definitely more wine than what I listed. Like most tapas places, it isn't cheap.  But go when you have a good group of friends and want a upbeat atmosphere, really good food and wine, and are up for trying different things.  I want to go back for some of the dishes I didn't have room to order!  Side notes - the place isn't big so there was a wait.  The bar was busy but we were able to find a corner and have a nice aperitif.  And, it can get quite loud (in case you don't like that sort of thing).I have to go back to Boston!Grilled corn buttered up with homemade aioli and dusted with shredded manchego cheese?  This is an unbelievably brilliant innovation.  It was also the best small plate dish I think I have ever eaten (though they serve two four half-ears of corn and it is hardly a small plate).I could describe the tasteful, wooden decor or any of the other delicious items we had, but I would be remiss if I distracted you from the corn.  DO IT!In this place you are paying for a good ambience and really good food. Tapas overall are very good with some highlights that I haven't seen in other tapas restaurants. I would highly recommend the maiz asado, the pato con membrillo, and the patatas bravas. The sangria was pretty good too.It is expensive but if you consider the area and the experience I would say it is worth it.Oleee!!!We had to wait because of yet another retarded Mass law in order to be seated outside.  It was a nice day and the white sangria we decided to have was a really good choice.  While we were waiting inside it was cool to watch the open kitchen which btw looks organized ,clean and it's an interesting and dynamic decor element just like in Oleana (in fact it looks better).The menu is quite interesting, food was not fantastic, but presentation was really nice.  We had beat and cheese, frog legs, very thinly sliced octopus, foie gras and shrimp.  After finishing all that up, we were still pretty hungry so we got the roasted beef.  The knife that they brought was huge!  I even asked if I would have to kill the cow myself.I think for a tapas place it's pretty expensive, but many yelpers seem to disagree with me.  Maybe if you go to Spain you will change your mind. Note: Just for the sake of not being misinformed.  Toro is located almost next to Mass ave so getting there from the Mass ave T stop should not be more then a 2 minute walk.Friends started a monthly restaurant club, and Toro was first on the list. I rarely venture to the South End, but I will always make an exception for tapas. We arrived at 7, and waited an hour and fifteen for a high table. The place was packed with a young, artsy crowd, and we slurped delicious cocktails to occupy our time. I adored the Pink Poodle (I'm a classic cocktail girl, so anything with sherry and eggwhites, sign me up), La Granada (pomegranate), and the Cabana Boy. My friend Josh ordered the girliest thing on the menu, and the Cabana Boy did not disappoint.Fresh bread at the table, no olive oil or butter? The eggplant was roasted and yummy - they should serve that with the bread! The roasted corn with cheese rocked as well. Love the little burgers, too.I ordered the pork belly (tapa caliente) and three of us split the seafood, chorizo, and chicken paella. For $40, there was more than enough paella. Takes 30 minutes to make, and wow did they lay on the seafood - it was chockfull of mussels, shrimp, chicken breast (boneless), clams, and spicy chorizo. The rice and peas were flavorful and tasty, and we feel as though we actually got our moneys worth. Meat:rice ratio was 2:1. Excellent.The pork belly. Wow. The only way I can explain it is black magic. It's delicious, decorated with pumpkin, apple, and snails! For $13. The pork belly was fatty and crispy, sweet and salty. Bourdain would be proud.Go - under $50/person!Probably one of the best 5 restaurants I have ever been to.  Ambiance: Amazing, Drink selection: get the pitcher of Sangria (So Good), and Food: every dish was better than the last.  (must tries: corn on the cob, and the dates)I was on vacation in Boston and we were told we had to try this place.  I am SO happy we did.  It's one of those experiences where you start to wonder if 5 stars is enough.  It makes you readjust your barometer for ratings.  If this is 5 stars, then other restaurants I have given 5 stars shouldn't have them.  I could go on and on, but simple is better.  If you ever have a chance to go here, do it.  The wait might be long, but it is worth it.I bumped into my cousin, had half of her cocktail spill down my leg, and didn't even care. The place was very much crowded, we were in for a minimum of a 30 minute wait ("very much on the low end," as the hostess assured me), and I was getting very hungry. And yet, I knew I was in for a treat.The food stars aligned for me last night.First off, the hostess was awesome. I didn't get her name because I was afraid of straight up hitting on her, but she was absolutely wonderful. Knows the food, knows the wine, made some fantastic suggestions:-sanguinello highball cocktail : got me through my wait (albeit not THAT long) for food. -dates stuffed with almonds and covered with serrano ham : teeny but SAVORY-corn: it's been said about the corn before but it's essentially smothered in cheese and garlic and you will get it all over your face but you came to eat, not to look pretty-pork belly : i didn't even feel guilty about being jewish-empanadas : safe but deliciousOkay so there was a lot of food between the two of us. But it was more than just the amazing food - the service was out of control. I dropped my knife (naturally) and someone was over in less than ten seconds handing me a new one. Were they watching me or are they just that food?We were ready for our check and out of nowhere our server comes and lightly places the check on our table. MIND READERS?!I like everything about this place. It's dark, it's sexy, it has its own personality. It knows its the shit but it's like that confident, dark, sexy man you take home.And you know he doesn't disappoint. In the bedroom or out.Marinated bone marrow with braised oxtailCornPimentos de PadronYellowfin Tuna CrudoFoie Gras pintxoBeing one of the first weekends I would enjoy in Boston, I scoured the web for a good brunch choice.  Toro was mentioned everywhere and all yelp-recounted experiences were positive.  So, I rounded up the boyfriend and best friend for an early morning adventure to the South End, to arrive minutes before Toro even opened for the weekend brunch.  I was relieved to find that there wasn't already a line out the door, but sad to try to keep warm as they put the final touches on before letting us in.  I liked the restaurant's feel; it was definitely rustic, chic, and casual.  Large, long rectangular bar tables, and small two-seater tables against a bench meant you were going to get comfy with your dining companions and perhaps, even your neighborly neighbors.  On that note, I found it a little like tetris to fit all the dishes onto our table of 3.  (corner of the bench, two-seater tables)I enjoyed the food a lot.  The bone marrow and braised oxtail were so tasty, I wanted to share its goodness with the world.  The Pimientos de Padron were not quite what I expected...we've made them at home before and had them at another restaurant.  The peppers we got that day were just not the same.  The corn was delectable, but I guess I'm not mesmerized as others are.  I know, I know...people will have a double take as they see what I have dared to say.  All in all, this place serves up some wonderful tapas dishes.  Yet, I cannot help but think that Jaleo in DC does it better, but maybe I'm partial to the friendly Spaniard whose name is blown up in the culinary world.Good eats for sure, don't know when I'll be back, but I won't forget it.Oh wow. What a let down. I have attempted dining at toro about 3 times prior to finally getting in today. The only reason I was able to was because I showed up an hour before they reopened for dinner. My boyfriend and I made the poor decision to sit outside. The table beside us were two women one of whom I assume was an employee or a friend of an employee. There was at least one staff member standing beside their table shooting the shit the entire time. It was extremely unprofessional as well as unpleasant considering they're ass was practically on our table. As far as the food goes , it was certainly good but not great for the price. The braised short rib was delicious however 16$ for one piece , to split!?! Really!? I'm pretty sure I could name 3 restaurants off the dome with an entire meal containing braised short rib for the same price. Ridiculous. The claim to face corn was great but would be very easy to make at home just roll the shit in mad cheese and your good BAM! Toro was an overall disappointment and I will most certainly be spending my money elsewhereMaybe I just hit this place on the right night, but I walked in at 7:30 and got a table for two with no wait.  We got some of the best tasting tapas I've ever had, a great pitcher of Sangria, and a fairly reasonable bill.  A lot of reviews say it's really overpriced and kind-of stuffy, but I thought it was fairly relaxed and the prices were reasonable ($5-$10 per small plate, with smaller small plates for $2-$3).  It's got this great spanish feel - with big bar area and high tables to drink at.  A great! list of spanish wines!!!I finally had my first dinner at Toro and it definitely blew my mind away. We were told that there was a long wait, although we tried to beat the rush hour by arriving by 6. We decided to sit outside to avoid the wait and it worked out just fine.We went with the #1 crowd pleaser cliche and got the Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn), because like all cliches, you can never get enough of it--we end up getting two orders!  We also got the Corazon a la Plancha (Grass-fed beef heart with romesco), Lengua con Lentejas y Salsa Verde (Smoked beef tongue with lentils and salsa verde), Pato con Membrillo (Smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze) and Patatas Bravas (Fried potatoes with alioli and spicy tomato sauce), Chorizo and tripe.My favorites were definitely the corn, beef tongue and the duck, highly recommend! I am dying to visit again so I can try a variety of the seafood dishes. For those people made a funny face and walked away when finding out that there's gonna be a 45 mins wait, I gotta say, "you are missing out!"GO TO TORO!Dear Ken Oringer,Please open up a restaurant in Los Angeles, I am going through Toro withdrawals and I don't know how much longer I can handle it.  You can even take the place of Wolfgang's now closed Granita in Malibu. It would be the hit of the city. PLEEEEASE?-SophiaHaving been so heavily immersed in the Boston food scene for the past 3 years....we really couldn't go anywhere without having someone saying that Toro is the best restaurant in Boston, if not the Northeast.Unfortunately, after tonight's visit I would say that it fell in the realm of being one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to...however, that's not to say that it was down right inedible.....it was just bad compared to the restaurants we've been to in recent memory that was in the same category and price range as Toro (ie Casa Mono).First thing's first, atmosphere.  Hubby and I arrived at 5:15 on a Friday night.  We put in our names for 5:30 and proceeded to hit the bar.  Space is small.  Tables were practically on top of one another...music was way too loud.The bar was almost filled but we were able to snag 2 seats at the end of the bar to observe the kitchen.  The small crowd surrounding us seemed lively and friendly.  The bartender was nice, but my drink was watered down.  While we were waiting for our table, I observed the room...the hustle and bustle of the kitchen, the staff slicing the bread for service, etc.  The anticipation was killing me...I needed to eat tapas, like now.  Next, came the service.  Our hostess walked over to us around 5:30 and showed us to our table...yeah, the one that felt like it was negative 20 degrees...that one.  It was freezing.  Hubby then asked the hostess to see if she could turn down the A/C.  Her response?  "Oh, it's because you're sitting in front of the vent"...and basically ignored the request.  Thanks.It took a while for our waiter to get to us...but when he did...we put in our order for olives, head cheese terrine, pork belly, cod cheeks, beef shortribs and ventresca.  I was jazzed...pumped really.  Pork belly?  Cod cheeks?  My favorites.  One by one, they came...Every.  Single.  One.  Overly.  Salted.  I was barely able to finish some of them.  How disappointing was that?  In addition to our elusive waiter, was also the busboy who kept asking to clear our plates and also what our next dish was.  Why? Why didn't he just ask our waiter?  Were you that  anxious to turn the table?I think this was the first time in my dining career that I've ever NOT looked forward to the next dish coming out.  All hope for this restaurant was going down the drain.We thought that they'd be able to deliver on desserts.  Maybe?  Hopefully?  My tongue was so dry from all the salt and was absolutely craving it.  We asked for a dessert menu.  "Oh, we only have 1 dessert...the churros" replied our waiter.  Interesting...you have over 40 menu items, but 1 dessert?  Really Toro?  ...really?We ended up ordering it anyway because I NEEDED something sweet..and it was just as underwhelming as the dishes that preceded it.  Our original plan was to spend our evening there...we barely made it an hour without rushing to get out.We were going to make it a Kenny O weekend and go to Coppa the following day...but this night's events absolutely turned me off from it all together.  I will never go back.After noticing the massive number of reviews I'll keep this short and sweet with tidbits of the utmost importance;1. If its cold outside they make an impressive hot toddy.2. If you go for brunch the french toast and the eggs con setas are top notch3. At dinner get a side of eggplant, its fantastic.4. Go at off times like say after 12 in the afternoon for brunch on the weekend, or on a monday night after 9pm to avoid the crazy waits.5. The corn is amazing. It doesn't matter how unhealthy it is with all the fixings piled on top.For more exciting info take a chance and order outside your comfort zone.Probably the best tapas I've ever had. We ordered practically everything on the menu and not one dish disappoint. The one item that stood out the most was the foie gras...rich, fatty, and so damn good. The paella is also excellent, though you must order it in advance since it takes a good 30 min to make. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait.This is a late post. I visited in December 2012, but I remember this meal fondly and often. The Monday night wait for a party of seven was well over an hour so we wedged ourselves in the corner of the bar. I started with a Nantucket Mule (vodka, fresh muddled cranberries and juice and ginger) which was one the best mixed drink I've ever had. I almost never bother with mixed drinks, but went back for a second. So good. Next I sampled my friend's cauliflower (which was also fantastic) and then came the corn. Wow. Do not come to Toro without ordering the corn. Really, the corn is one of the best things I have eaten. Ever. We ended with the traditional paella which was enough to feed 3-4 adults and again, Toro nailed it. It took a long while to get served and food trickled out of the kitchen in an effort to meet the demands of the packed restaurant, so give yourself a few hours for a trip here.Environment: Lively, rustic, spanish, busy, romantic.Service: Great, though seemingly busy at times hence less attention, but from my table of 5 on a saturday night, our waiter gave us plenty of attention and service.Food: Great menu full of a large variety of dishes ranging from frog, rabbit, meats, vegetables, cheese, snail, uni, seafood, etc...really great selection. Tapas ranged frm 4-15$ 2-3 will fill a person.The wait was about an hour, but we found a space at the bar to enjoy a pint of Sangria to let the time go by.Go here with a group, or date...its a bit loud, but well worth it if you dont mind spending 30-50 a person.The only other tapas place I've been to is Cuchi Cuchi in Cambrdige, near central...its' hard to compare, but I liked cuchi a bit more for their ambience(a bit retro classic)(Toro was more spainish modern)No compalints...the sangria was not as strong as I'm use to, the Bread is delicious, the sauces on every dish was amazing, having real candles in a restaurant is nice...Rune's 50th review (hold your applause) comes after a lengthy layoff from Yelp so I figured the best way to knock off the rust would be a 5-star, slam-dunk review of a restaurant that just may be the best I've found in Boston.Accruing experience points on the dating circuit, I'd discovered that tapas is an ideal format for could-be-lovers. Moreover, the dame I was courting was a big fan of small plates and I was determined to find someplace better than her go-to haunt (BarLola). It was a Monday evening and the fickle gods of New England weather had dumped a generous snowfall on the Hub of the Universe. Thus, I figured that Toro -- notorious for its lengthy waits and unwillingness to accept reservations for just a couple -- might have a table for me and my lady friend.Parking, as expected, was a trial. Despite the winter storm, the place was filled to capacity. The host estimated thirty minutes and we strafed to the bar. I admired the decor -- loving it -- whilst my date ordered up a couple of glasses of wine (my tempranillo was overpriced but tasty). Soon thereafter, we were seated at a window-side table for two in the corner of the restaurant. Pleased to have avoided the cafeteria-style seating monstrosity in the center of the dining area, we barely noticed the mild draft from the large pane of glass looking out on Washington Street.Our server -- a pleasant young man with a slight accent -- was very helpful in the selection process, daunting for a pair that would have tried just about anything and everything on the menu (excepting the dishes featuring cilantro or mushrooms). We settled on la especialidad de la casa (maiz asado con alioli y queso cotija), garbanzos con chorizo and atun crudo. The tuna (yellowfin) was excellent and, yet, the least impressive of the lot. The chickpeas and chorizo dish was perfect (I deferred on the hard-boiled egg) but the star of the show was the grilled corn. Sure, it was messy and each of us worried, momentarily, about appearing slovenly in front of the other. Then our taste buds overrode our manners and our mouths and lips became caked in delectable, lime-accented aged cheese.The sole disappointment was the sangria. Prior to the aforementioned dame losing interest and, consequently, kicking me to the curb -- we'll pause for sympathetic sighs -- we'd planned to sample and score every batch of sangria in the Greater Boston area. Though most of our spreadsheet's fields were doomed to remain devoid of judgmental notations, the Toro entry rated pedestrian and loveless.Nonetheless, the astonishingly clever and flawlessly executed tapas paired with a dramatic interior and strong service to keep Toro at the very top of my list of Boston eateries.I have mixed feelings about Toro. The Maíz Asado con Aioli y Queso Cotija is an outstanding dish. The wine was marginal. The paella while delicious, only covered the bottom of pan & was very greasy and somewhat salty. We also ordered the morcilla, which was not exactly what I remember morcilla to look like no less taste like. Then again,  there was so little morcilla and so thinly cut that it would take a grandmaster of taste to be able to taste it.Let's talk about the service. One of the hostesses was very friendly and accommodating. However, Kim was once again disagreeable and unaccommodating. We've been to Toro before just to check the place out & both times she acted as if she owned the place & as if she was doing us a favor. Kim is without an ounce of graciousness  & rude. Bussers were all very nice and helpful but the waiter wasn't very attentive.Awesome tapas bar in the South End!  This place is really popular, so be sure to put your name in early.  We had to wait about an hour for a table.... We ordered:Escalivada Catalana $8 - which was a smoked eggplant with pepper, onion, tomatoes and olive oil .... so good!Panza de Cerdo $13 - which was pork belly served on top of corn, tomatoes and zucchini - the pork was perfectly crisp on the outside and succulent on the insideCabeza $8 - which was a pork head terrine with pickled turnips on top, and an apple butter underneath. Pork head terrine - with pickled heirloom turnips and crabapple butterMaíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija $8 - grilled corn with alioli, lime, and cheese - THIS WAS TO DIE FOR!  Ohhhh my gosh, the cheese, the lime.... the combo was killer. This is hands down, the best corn I've ever had in my life.The restaurant has outside seating too, and since it was a beautiful night, we were able to sit outside and enjoy. Overall, the food was awesome, the service was good, and we had a really fun time here. I would definitely recommend this spot for tapas - and if you come, be sure to order the corn!!I practically ran over to Yelp this morning to comment on this place.  Holy amazing tapas! My friend and I went out for a much-needed ladies night and decided on Toro after hearing good things. The hostess said it was an 1.5 to 2-hour wait, so we gave her our cell phone number and decided to try our luck at the bar. Lo and behold, after ordering a round of the Gypsy cocktail (delicious for gin and St. Germain fans), two spots opened up at the bar --SCORE!A list of what we ordered:Grilled corn -- you are an idiot if you don't order this. I woke up thinking about this dish.Sliders -- order these medium and you won't be disappointed. The aioli sauce is to-die-for.Dates -- delicious, but two for $8 seems a little steep, no? If it came with fifteen on the plate, then we'd be talking.Empanadas -- stuffed with potato and chicken and topped with salsa; you just can go wrong with this. Awesome.Tomato bread -- looks strange when it's presented but after one bite I was in heaven. I could've eaten a whole loaf of this stuff.Bartenders were very friendly, made great recommendations, continually replaced water and bread when we were low (which was great, since we used the bread to wipe our plates clean--no shame.)They don't take reservations and is always crowded at most times, so definitely come earlier if you don't want to spend at least 45 minutes waiting outside in the midst of Boston's frequently ridiculous weather. Besides that, this might be the best Tapas Bar in Boston. A South End gem.I went here twice with some good friends. Had to wait at least half an hour, but maybe that was because we came around 6 PM on a Thursday and Saturday night. The waitline can be crazy as this place is relatively small. You might find yourself awkwardly standing besides other table, staring at their delicious Corn or Bone Marrow. You will then realize the wait seems like forever. ("Get me a table now, I want that hot steaming tapas to get inside my mouth"!)Service might be the other downside of this restaurant, but I guess it's somewhat understandable due to the over-crowdedness of this place.Whenever you're eating here, definitely don't miss the Grilled Corn with Cotija Cheese. Awesome gooey goodness in your mouth. We ordered the octopus and it was good too. They might not have the best Paella in town, but it was a really good introduction if you never had one before.I was debating whether I was actually going to write reviews my self, or use YELP as merely an educational tool (I am the Assistant General Manager of Tremont 647/Sister Sorel). So I decided this would be important and interesting to hear a restaurant industry persons point of view on our local restaurants. So I had to start with Toro...Not only do I work and live in the South End, I dine and spend most of my free time here as well. And besides the fact that I have good friends that work and run Toro, I have nothing but love for it. From the great cocktails to amazing food, Ken Oringer has done it once again. Toro is exactly what the South End needed, as it is turning kind of yuppy and white table cloth like. Every time I go, whether I am at the bar or a table (I have only sat at a table on the patio - other wise I am a bar girl) I let my server/bar tender pick what I am going to eat that night. Each time, they have been right on. I have not gotten anything  I did not like, and it is always the perfect amount of food. I have never ordered dessert, yet the chef always brings us some thing him self and describes each dish we had and the dessert we are about to eat (always paired with wine or port). You do not have to know people to get this kind of treatment at Toro though. I have seen people next to us get the same kind of service. You always know it is a great restaurant when every one is a VIP. The staff knows the menu like the back of their hand, and the host is always attentive, smiling, and accommodating. What to eat: THE CORN (I crave it!! Though not sure if it will be so good when it is not in season), boneless spare ribs, the peppers, and really any thing else on the menu...YUM...seriously, YUM!Forget Dali or Tapeo, Toro comes (wayyyy) on top as the clear leader in upscale Tapas in Beantown.  it's seriously good...seriously!  Keep in mind that you will wait for a table when you're there on a Friday or Saturday night...but there's always the bar and pitchers of sangria to keep you occupied, as well as the good looking cooks in the open-aired kitchen.  Why not order some pan con tomate for a little teaser?  It's a crisp piece bread smothered in garlicky tomato mash.  Yum!The menu is extensive and there are some really awesome daily specials that sometimes ake the list (clam ceviche sticks out in my mind as a favorite from one of my visits).  But...make sure you try the divine corn on the cob...and the cold eggplant spread....and...well, it's just all soooo good!I am giving Toro five stars for the food, not for the whole dining experience. The food is excellent. All the dishes are unique, delicious, and perfectly executed. The tuna tartar is top notch; the corn is awesome for obvious reasons, i.e. massive amounts of cheesy deliciousness; the calamari is also very good, especially since you're not expecting it to come on a sandwich. Overall, Toro's food is fantastic, and frankly, no tapas will ever really measure up after you go here.BUT (and there is, most definitely, a big but), Toro is crazy busy. Like, 2.5 hour wait at 6:30pm crazy busy. Twice I came to Toro and was turned away due to a private party, and once had to wait at the bar for one hour, because the kitchen was closed. Also, they don't take reservations, so going to Toro on a weekend night is essentially impossible, unless you don't mind waiting for long periods of time in small and crowded places. So, sometimes going there can be a pain in the you know what, but the food is fantastic and that's why I give Toro five stars.I love this place and will spear the details so that  I don't sound like another Toro Ho or a Ken groupie, which I basically am.I just wanted to share with you a TORO SECRET...On Friday's during the summer they have what they call grill day.  They offer  "bocadillos"---which are sandwiches, a smaller version of the tapas menu, kobe burgers, hot dogs, and the now famous grilled corn.  The corn, the dogs, and the burgers are all grilled outside...and the prices are CHEAP---for toro.  I got a great tortilla espan~ola sandwich and corn for 10 dollars.  Not bad for a super tasty  and fulfilling lunch.  Did I mention that they have a full bar...even for lunch.  Score!So  start your weekend early and  go to Toro on  Fridays, have a great lunch...a couple of Sangrias (shh)...and go back to the office.  It will make the day go faster, trust me.Grill Fridays are from 12-2pm.Peace, and I am out.PS--I agree that it can get way too loud there for dinner....but the food is so worth the damage to my eardrums.I love Toro and can find plenty of vegetarian things to eat (such as the corn which seems to be THE hot menu choice). I thought I was the only one who was treated rudely by the hostesses, but upon reading other reviews, I realize I'm not the only one. My only problem with Toro is with the hostesses. Other than that everything was genius. The bartender was great as were the drink selections. Jamie Bissonette is amazing and so is the food he put on my table. The hostesses should realize that they are the "face" of the restaurant as they are they first staff members we, as patrons, encounter.Anyway the corn will leave you dreaming about it, and the cauliflower dish with raisins was surprisingly flavorful. Toro is great. Be prepared for a wait and a lackadaisical attitude from the hostesses. Everything thing else is a full success!Hands down best meal I've had in Boston. Get the grilled corn, dates and paella!The Paella: is the best in Boston (though that may not be saying much considering how terribly misrepresented Boston is in the Spanish food department) despite being on the salty side.The Elote (corn): is AMAZING. A better, Americanized version of traditional elote. Far and away I prefer Ken Oringer's take.Patatas Bravas: It's actually a mix of patatas bravas and patatas aioli, and as I prefer patatas ailoi I loved this.Sangria: Solid. Well done even though it's sliiiightly watered-down.Service: phenomenal. They do know how to please considering the obscenely long wait for seats.Gonna come here often to satisfy my tapas/Spanish food cravings.We were so conflicted about our first experience at Toro.  On the one hand, the food and the atmosphere were outstanding.  We were seated at a high-top table between two other parties (very European), as there was no wait for this seat.  It may be odd to some to sit directly next to strangers, but we didn't mind.  The restaurant is beautiful and has a very trendy vibe to it.The food - wow.  Traditional tapas such as patatas bravas, pan con tomate, and tortilla were all delicious as expected.  The more adventurous plates we tried, such as bone marrow and oysters, were unique and very, very good.  Finally, the duck was heavenly.Cocktail list was good and reasonably priced too.  Great wine selection.So, with all of these compliments, why only 3 stars?  Service.Our waiter, identified on the receipt only as "John S." was the most pretentious, stuck-up diva we have ever had the misfortune of dining with.   Besides dropping off drinks and food (which he did silently), he never spoke to us.  Except of course during the placing of our order, when we asked him what he thought of a particular dish.  "It's delicious....obviously." was his response, complete with a disgusted "how did you even get past the hostess stand?" scowl on his face.  We're dropping well over $50 a person on dinner - this isn't exactly Applebees - and we expect at least halfway decent service, which this was far from. In short: amazing food and ambiance compromised by a less-than-savory server.Overrated, overpriced.  Toro definitely has a nice atmosphere.  Dark, with long tables and bar stools in the middle, I love the trendy but unpretentious decor.  What I don't love is that you leave the restaurant with your clothes and hair smelling like food.And what I don't love is the food itself.  The olives were mushy.  The tripe was tough and undercooked, as were the chickpeas it was served with, and didn't even taste good.  The octopus ceviche was almost sickeningly sweet, and didn't even have a hint tartness that you would expect from a ceviche.  And while I enjoyed my catalan stew with perfectly cooked lobster and sea urchin, which blended well with but wasn't overpowered by the tomato-based sauce, it wasn't spectacular. Definitely not worth coming back for.For dessert, I had the Espuma de Crema Catalana, a modern take on the traditional spanish dessert.  It had a mousse-like consistency and was served in a martini glass with lemon gelee on the bottom.  It was fine, but not entirely memorable.In terms of value, Toro is completely overpriced.  I've had better tapas in New York City with more expensive ingredients (think kobe beef, lamb belly, suckling pig) at the same price.  In my opinion, this place is not worth going to and I'm having a hard time understanding how it draws such a crowd.The love affair between Toro and the lovely Ligaya sparked my interest. My Gluten free BFF and I went there last night for some drinks and food. The waiter was great about the gluten thing. He took a menu to the chef who marked the entire thing up highlighting all of the things that she could eat on the menu. It turned out to be about half, which is a better than average score for most restaurants. We ordered some drinks and got a bunch of small plates including the sea urchin soup and the grilled corn (omg get the grilled corn. It was the best thing on the table). The food over all was a B+ but the drinks were a solid A. We had a great time but be warned: Get there early. We went at 6:30 on a Tuesday night and the place was packed by 7:00 and there was a line out the door.My friends Ria and Mike had just picked up the bf and I from the airport...so what better way to kick off our mini vacay than to dine @ one of Boston's finest?Toro it is =)The place is a bit small but still a great atmosphere. Modern interior with dim lighting. When we arrived it was around 7-8pm. There was a waiting list but fortunately, there was a bar to kill some time. I ordered the sangria. It was lovely. Very fruity. Not bitter at all.We didn't wait long. Maybe 10 minutes. I didn't know what to order so I trusted my friends to order anything and everything they felt was delicious.And I'm letting you know rite now...I was NOT disappointed! Not one bit!If you don't know what tapas are they're basically a variety of snacks and finger foods in Spanish cuisine. The portions allow you to try many different items on the menu. Instead of digging into one dish you can nibble on a little bit of everything.Before I get to my favorite dishes, I sincerely have to thank my junior high Spanish teacher Mr. Adonay (R.I.P.) for making us do those ridiculous skits in which we had to order food in Spanish. That class, specifically those skits, really helped when reading the menu =)Popular dishes of the nite:-Datiles con Jamon: dates filled with almonds and bleu cheese and wrapped in ham. I didn't think I would like dates but it was very sweet and savory.-Gambas al Ajillo: grilled garlic shrimp.-Patatas Bravas: fried potatoes with alioli and spicy tomato sauce.-Paella Valenciana: it had a great taste. They weren't stingy with the seafood and sausages. The flavor was on point. But would I really pay almost $40 for it? I'm afraid not but it's worth a try.-Pato con Membrillo: smoked duck drummettes with quince glaze. Ooooh m'mmmm =) Very juicy, moist and finger-lickin' good.But the most favored dish of them all...the crowning achievement, the jewel of the nite, the piece de resistance!...*MAIZ ASADO CON ALIOLI Y QUESO COTIJA: grilled corn with alioli, lime, pepper and aged cheese. This corn isn't just great...it's superb! The moment that dish is set on your table, your mouth begins to water and your eyes glaze over. The degree of melting gooey butter and cheese wrapping around the corn like a warm thick blanket is just...amazing. Grilled to perfection. And once you take that first bite...rite after you've drizzled lime over it...no words can describe the impact it has given you. The juices, the creaminess, the flavor! Oh my! It totally rocked my word.You can't go to Boston without heading to this place. The only downside is that the prices are a bit steep. I mean seriously...$40 paella!? But don't let it cloud your judgement. If you don't want paella then don't get it but you must MUST get the grilled corn! You won't be disappointed. Buen apetito!!This place is baller and worth it. Come early unless you like waiting for a long ass time. Also start off the meal with the basque apple cider. It's pretty tart but cleanses the palate like non other.Anyways things we got:Serrano ham, they give you a lot so if you think you'll finish it on your own you're probably wrong. It's got great subtle hamminess though.Cabeza in gel and fried - AMAAZING my favorite part of the meal. Fatter pork cheek in some sort of aspic molded and fried. droooool prob not good for the choleterol.Marrow is hard core. You get a big chuck of bone with several table spoons of marrow hanging out with some bread topped by ox tail and a citric salad to balance things out. It's rich as hell and worth it.Veggie Paela - it's pretty great, my gf is vegetarian so I couldn't object and was genuinely pleased with the results. Cooked perfectly, great medley of brussel sprouts, mushrooms and some other stuff.Egg potato pancake - standard tapas food made rightpatatas bravas - see above.Finally the elote (corn covered in mayo,  cotija cheese, and chilipowder) is good but honestly it's super easy to make. You can do it yourself for less than a dollar but that's not to say they don't make it well.I wouldn't come here often but when I make it back I will spend on the good stuff cause it's worth it.It's time to pay my dues to Yelp, since it has led me to many amazing restaurants.  Be gentle...this is my first yelp review.  Some people take pictures with athletes and movie stars...but I personally prefer Food Network stars being the foodie I am...so we walk in and the first thing we do is pull Jamie Bissonette (from Chopped) out of the kitchen and take a picture with him =)But I digress...onto the food:Teaser: prize for being a groupie...the chef sends out clam chowder over pork belly...it may be more delicious in my mind since we were so flattered by the free dish1.  Maiz Asado con Aliolo y Queso Cotija translates into corn-gasm.....my first thought was how good can a piece of corn be? Well the only description is it's the BOMB DIGGITY! Perfect mixture of blackened grilled corn with mayonnaise/garlic/cotija cheese heaven!  Attempts to replicate this at home have been quite successful.....=)2. Valenciana Paella (Seafood /Meat Rice): perfect blend of seasonings/broth that infuses into this delicious rice...served sizzling hot in a clay pot3. Panza de Cerdo (Pork Belly): being asian and having had my fair share of amazing pork belly, this was just okay, tender but not as flavorful as I would have liked4. Costilla de Bourguignon (Beef short ribs):  very well flavored and tender and who doesn't like something with bacon on top of it5. Pato con membrillo (Smoked duck drumettes): again had better, and being smoked duck the meat was a little on the tougher side6. Lengua con Ltenjas y Salsa Verde (Beef Tongue): The lentils over power this dish a little bit and I've had more tender beef tongue at other places7. Razor Clams (special): AVOID...rubbery and tasted like the sea...not a bonus =(8.  Sweet Bread...not a dessert for those scared of intestinal dishes....thymus glands....definitely a taste I have not acquired over time....but surprisngly not as gamey as I would have expected.Overall ambiance.....lounge/bar atmosphere....you may end up sitting with strangers at some of their large bar tables....and by 6:00pm....there may be people standing right behind or next to you enjoying a drink as they stare you down for your seats.....a definite must try for anyone in the Boston area!Toro is one of those fun tapas places where you can just catch up and converse with friends for hours. Unfortunately, the line of angry patrons waiting for a table would start a riot after a couple hours. Getting a reservation is impossible since they don't take any, so show up early. We lucked into getting seated after five minutes when a table happened to open up during peak dinner service. The tables are cramped, but it makes for better company. At first glance, the dinner menu is completely overwhelming, but you probably can't go wrong with any of the small plates. We started with a couple of pinchos, including the Atun Tartare (tuna) and the Corazon. The mint and cilantro were strong flavors, which took a lot away from what I would want from a tuna tartare. The Corazon (smoked buffalo heart with romesco) is an adventurous but popular dish, which is comparable to pastrami. If I were to order again, I would stick to the tapas calientes section of the menu. The Pato con Membrillo (smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze) was my favorite plate of the night. The glaze was amazing and had me sucking the bone dry. The Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija La Especialidad de la Casa was a close second. Who knew grilled corn could taste so spectacular with a dollop of aioli and sprinkled with aged cheese. It was excellente! Lastly, the Panza de Cerdo (crispy pork belly) melts in your mouth if you're a fan of pork belly. The small fried potatoes were reminiscent of gnocchi, but with a crispy exterior.Overall, the tapas here is top notch and the service isn't too shabby either. If you're waiting to get a table, stop by the bar for a cocktail (bourbon + peach!) to pass the time.Toro was the shining beacon in the 6 dark months that I lived in Boston. It is  one of my all time favorite restaurants. If you're reading this review- stop wasting your time. GO. Go with a group of friends. Go with a date. Go with a stranger. Just go.Order the corn- everyone raves about it, and it's true. Its the most intense,  delicious culinary surprise that I've ever experienced.Order the short ribs. The figs. The cheese. Order everything. Get a bottle of cava, sip straight from the glass carafe, pass it around to friends and those in your proximity.If you step foot in the city of Boston, please do yourself a favor and go to Toro.Love love love this spot. My brother who lives in Boston insisted we go during my visit to Beantown and I'm sure glad we did.To die for:- Lively yet casual ambiance w/ a twist of hip- Huge variety of tapas - including my faves: uni/seafood stew and bone marrow- Delish cocktails that get you tipsy before you even get your seat- Nice, knowledgeable wait staffBooo:- No reservations - but the bar is great for getting a couple drinks as you wait. Guess no reservations is also good for those who don't want to plan out their night and make an impromptu Toro visit.Perfect for an intimate dinner, a group of gals or to take anyone else who appreciates a unique/tasty culinary adventure in a trendy, yet casual setting.all this yelp hype on this place... so of course i HAD to try it... but was I impressed?? hmm... not on all their dishes... quite frankly, i drew the conclusion that west coast and nyc have much better tapas... so my 3 star is only relative to what i've experienced... and maybe toro is the best in the boston area... *shrugs*The Goods:- bone marrow: super yummy... comes with two short rib toast... and a long fatty bone marrow! - beef tongue: tender and great sauce for dipping with your breadThe Eh..- the foie: first thought... did they give me Grade B Foie?!?!? NG (no good!)- the uni bocadillo: maybe this is more of the average... nothing special... crunchy bread tho... according to lg, the drink "ward" is too sweet... my syrah blend was ok... not too impressed... but the menu is extensive so maybe i just need to go back and eat moreLoved Toro.  The Tapas are actually reasonably priced, which can't be said for most tapas or small plate places in town.  The norm has been to charge appetizer prices for very small plates.  Toro offers good portions as well as paella and few other larger entrees meant to be shared.  Get there early to avoid waiting.  We were sat almost two hours after we arrived, but had a party of 8, so thats understandable for a restaurant of that size.But this is all a superfluous....because really all that matters is the corn.  Get the corn.  Get a lot of it.You're welcome.After months of being told about this place, the bf and I finally came to check it out for ourselves for my birthday. All I could think as I sat there, trying to figure out how to eat the oh-so-buttery/delicious corn without making a mess was, "YES it lives up to the hype!"I loved the lighting, I loved the jamon blanco, I loved the maiz, and I loved the aioli. Meanwhile, I could've done with a tad bit more space away from the other tables and without the confusing music selection ft. "apple bottom jeans" followed by a Juanes tune.Food: 4 stars/Drinks: 5 starsToro is one of those hip spots in the South End.  If you like a fun, partying atmosphere then this is the place for you.  I like very fruity drinks and the cabana boy, fresita, etc were exactly what I was looking for.  It was refreshing and tasty.The tapas were pretty good.  The house special is the corn.  If it's grilled properly, then it's delicious.  Too bad one of my corn was half cooked.  I also liked the bone marrow.  The foie gras was okay.  It was kinda...ducky.  I've had better foie elsewhere but this foie was only $8.Come early because they don't take reservation.  This place fills up pretty fast.Sorry Tapeo, I just cheated on you and I have to say I didn't regret it. Fueled by numerous recommendations (i.e. demands "You HAVE to go") from friends, I finally ventured over to the South End to check out Toro for lunch. I'm holding off on giving it the full 5 stars that it probably deserves until I experience their more expansive dinner menu (I'm already curious about their paella). Things I loved: * The atmosphere and ambiance. Very traditionally Spanish in my opinion- with an impressive wall of wines, and sous chefs chopping away in plain view. * How quickly our plates were served! * Their wine listing. Anything with tempranillo and several malbec options is A+ in my book * the food-- we ordered the pimientos, tortilla espanola, maiz asado and the gambas ajillos. All were perfectly made, and you could tell that they put a lot of time and care into each dish, despite how quickly it came out. The tortilla espanola was made to perfection, reminded me of what I was used to in Spain Bummed that they didn't have flan :( but the churros were great! I'm definitely looking forward to coming back and experiencing what their dinner menu and ambiance has to offer!Certainly one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The atmosphere, the drinks, the food, the ambiance....ahhh, Toro is an adventure in itself. Be prepared to wait for a table, they do not take reservations, it's small and always busy - but get a drink, sit back and relax. It's worth it. And get there early if you can.Their wine selection rocks - always changing special and they pour VERY full glasses. Their cocktails are amazing as well. Now everyone raves about the corn, it's just not my thing. I like corn, yes. But it's slathered in cheese and a mayo like sauce - it's good, but there are so many better things. One of my fav being so simple - is the pan con tomato and dates. Yum, yum and yum! I also always order the pork belly, beef heart, short ribs and acorn ham.Do not miss the specials! Order them - they never disappoint. Love this place, I would be happy forever if I could sit at the bar and eat on a daily basis.Arriba!Abajo!Al centro!Al dentro!Cheers to Toro.I love this place. Myself and 3 friends went on a Thursday night, but with the expectation that we would have to wait -- which made it OK. But do know that you will most likely have a wait. Go have a drink while you wait: We walked down the street (several blocks) to Stella's because Toro's bar was packed. By the time we were finishing up there, our table at Toro was ready.How did I know? The HOSTESS CALLED ME ON MY CELL to let us know!! Talk about great service.It's a small, intimate joint -- which makes it more authentic. I spent some time in Spain and all of the best local spots were tiny!And over the years since I was there, I've been thinking about this drink I had called a Calimocho. 50% red wine and 50% Coke. I know, it sounds weird, but it's delicious and Toro has it on their drink list! Try it.Of course in Spain, we drank it by the litre while stumbling through the cobblestone alleys on the way to the next club ...  if you want to try to mimick that, Boston has a cobblestone alley too, it's called "The Alley"...Anyway, back to the food. We ordered so many tapas, I can't even tell you what we had. But I do recall that it was all amazing. And to anyone that complains that these aren't authentic Spanish tapas ... I think it's OK. You're in Boston, not Spain. Different fresh, local ingredients means they have to be interpreted in different ways. The paella is huge. After all of our tapas, we shared the paella. And I don't think there was a single piece of rice left when we were finished.DAMN- one of the best meals that I have ever had.Im sure there are plenty of reviews on how good this restaurant is so I am going to give you the quick tips:1) There are no reservations, so GO EARLY.  I got there at 5:30 on a Saturday and the people after us had to wait an hour.  The place was packed.2) Dont go with more than four people.  Four is the perfect number - better than two because most of the dishes have four pieces.  This allows you to try the maximum number of dishes on the menu and if you really like something, order a second one.3) Keep ordering stuff - dont order everything at once.  This may seem obvious for those who have been to a Tapas bar before, but I saw someone order everything at once and then couldnt finish it all and plates kept coming.4) Dont fill up on the bread they give you.  Its really good, but there is so much on the menu to order dont waste that space on bread.5) Try not to sit near the bar (if you can avoid it) because people's asses will keep hitting you while you are trying to enjoy the meal.The wait is crazy, but the drinks, the sea bass, and the corn is totally worth it.I don't normally like my food covered in a cheesy, garlicky goo, but the corn...mmmm...GET THE CORN.There are many unassuming gems in the South End; Toro is one such restaurant that lays claim to that birthright.  This small restaurant (I'd guesstimate that they can seat 60 inoor) serves sublime spanish-style tapas alongside potent concoctions such as the Presidente 10 (possibly chest hair inducing) and other spain-inspired cocktails.   Instead of offering the typical merlot or chianti on their wine list, I appreciate that they selected wines grown from various regions in Spain.  It's the perfect opportunity to try something out of the ordinary, like a glass of the tempranillo.  When at Toro I suggest ordering the grilled corn served with ailoli, lime, and crumbled aged cheese (how can something so simple be SO good?!), rioja braised beef short ribs, green peppers with sea salt (yes, really), smoked beef tongue with lentils, and their melt-in-your-mouth kobe beef burgers.The one gripe I have is that they don't take reservations but in all seriousness, food that tasty is always well worth the wait.A perfect place for a birthday or out-of-town guests, the Spanish cheese kissed corn, tiny Kobe burgers and garlic shrimp are flavors you'll crave years later~flavors that punctate your memories and leave little footprints on your palate. Be prepared to wait, but she's worth it, oh yes she is.First time coming here, a week after visiting Clio. Was able to get right in which is rare on certain nights from what I hear. Good place to have "snacks", considering its a tapas. Food was good, portions as expected for a nice restaurant in the city. That's the good. The reason I didn't give it more than a three was because seating is tight. Elbows to elbows with the table beside you. And service was over attentive. Asked twice within a minute if we were done with our plate, which we weren't. And as the table was slowly leaving beside us, the two hostesses were eyeing them like hawks, looking annoyed that they couldn't turn the table quicker for the next guests. I would come again on a slow night. Food is worth coming back for.As many people have mentioned, this place gets crazy busy.  We went to get a table but actually ended up just ordering tapas at the bar and eating there, which is definitely doable.I'd recommend the patatas bravas; gambas al ajillo;  the skirt steak; and the tortilla espanola (really simple, but it was one of my favorite snacks when I vacationed in Spain).We're planning on going back to try the paella, which is supposed to be worth waiting for a table for.I've been to Toro twice and, except for the long wait, I've enjoyed it immensely both times.  It's a relatively small place and it's always busy, but they also have a nice bar area where you can order tapas too.  The first time we went, it was a birthday party and there were at least 12 of us, so we spent almost two hours at the bar getting drinks and tapas before we were seated.  By then, my girlfriend and I probably had about 6 different tapas and 6 different cocktails, and we were pretty full.  We had the chicken with some sort of fruit sauce (raspberry I think), the tortilla espanola (spanish omelette with potatoes and onions), patatas bravas (fried potatoes), the skirt steak with onions and garlic shrimp (along with one other dish that I can't recall at the moment).  All of them were great, but the garlic shrimp and steak stood out above all.  Our pseudo bar-meal ended up being pretty pricey, but well worth it.The second time we went, we were able to get a table for four fairly quickly (9:30pm on a Monday night).  Unfortunately, even though the restaurant closes at 1, last call for the kitchen ended up being somewhere between 10 and 10:30, so we had to order fairly quickly.  Based on our last experience, we had the potatoes, omelette, steak, and shrimp again, but we also got the pella and the grilled corn, which was named one of the top 25 dishes in Boston (by Boston Magazine I believe).   All the tapas were as good as expected, but the corn was REALLY GOOD!  There were four half corn cobs, grilled up, and topped with lime juice and cotija cheese, and all four of us loved the dish.  It was unlike any sort of corn on the cob I've had before.  The paella was also very good, but maybe a little heavy on the clams and mussels (as opposed to chicken and shrimp).  The two drawbacks of the restaurant -- the wait and the cost -- are to be expected at top restaurants, but I've had two awesome meals there, and I wouldn't hesitate to ever go back.One of those fashionable date spots that pervades the South End. Order a glass of wine, get a few tapas or a bunch. Some of the plates are super, others average. Popular and won't take reservations. A good dinner for sure, but there are other spots I'd rather go for $50 a mouth.Yellowfin tuna with citrus and soy - raw and perfectly seasoned.Flank steak with red onion marmalade - delicious.Tuna tartare with coconut milk and lime - nice and subtle, but covered with an offputting coconut foam. I hate the whole foam concept.Uni sandwich - The toasted baguette slices and other accoutrements overwhelmed delicate, silky uni. Could hardly taste what I was eating.Smoked duck rillettes - these big ducky drumsticks kind of disappointed me. The meat was dry and the sesame sauce sweet and one-dimensional.Patatas bravas - Generous but unremarkable portion served with aioli and a smoky red sauce. Husband actually commented that they tasted like bbq potato chips.Tongue with lentils - like a St. Patty's corned beef all dressed up.Special of pork belly with fried green tomato - Crispy, fatty and smartly paired with the cornmeal(?) dusted tomato.Grilled corn - slathered with soured cream, lime, cilantro, chili and cojito cheese. Very tasty, and a good value at two ears for $6. But as it happens, this month's issue of Cook's Illustrated has a recipe for Mexican grilled corn that turned out nearly identical - husband said better - to the version we had at Toro. It was easy - you too can make the corn at home!Came here for tapas and drinks.  It was a great time.  We had the patatas bravas, the corn (topped with cheese and aioli), hummus (great Mediterranean spices that I can't even pronouce), and the nightly special, shrimp.  The food was delicious.  We were stuffed.   The shrimp was fried with the skin on it.  I tried eating it with the skin, but it was very abrasive when swallowing. So that wasn't going to work.  After being peeled, it was just regular shrimp, the flavor wasn't deep.The ambiance is great.  Modern style and dark lighting.  The bread is delicious.  I could have eaten that all night.I had two cocktails.  One (The Gypsy) was DELICIOUS.  The other (Verdad y Amor) tasted like cough syrup, a true disappointment.Our bartender was great.  He was very familiar with the menu and made great suggestions.  He answered every question we had and had a great personality.   He also made a mean drink.   For the record, he did not make my second drink.I'll definitely be going back to this place!  Good times!The only thing you could possibly hate about Toro is that it doesn't accept reservations.  The food is top notch, ambiance some of the best in the city, cocktails inventive and delicious, staff and patrons are sexy.  Bar and window seating are first come first serve, so don't ask (like I did) - just take (like they did) and have a wonderful evening (hours before me).  P.S. For Boys - bring your dates here, have a hibiscus margarita and you'll be sure to have a girlfriend moving forward.Toro has been on our radar for some time.  My wife's co-workers, Yelp reviews, and a predilection for the tapa's way of dining made it a natural for us.  The long wait though was a concern.  Boston has so many nice restaurant options that I don't see a need for extended waits.  But we decided to bite the bullet and on an early summer  night when the weather would made the long wait outside easier to take we headed there.Guess what, we waited 10 minutes.  The official wait for a table was 90 minutes, but we headed to the bar and parked next to people waiting for a table and boom! they were seated.  We had our bar stools and ordered dinner form there.The food was everything we expected.  We went with the hostess' recommendations and weren't disappointed.  Grilled corn.  Bone Marrow.  Delicious.  For drinks we tried the table wine on tap; it was as expected: good, not great.The wait staff and bar tender was friendly and attentive.  I'm not sure why but the food delivery staff did not clear off the old plates when they brought new dishes.  There was quite a stack by the time we had our fill.Valet parking makes getting there easy.Great ambiance - just what you'd expect for a tapas bar.  Noisy & buzz.  I wouldn't recommend it for groups - you will wait a lifetime for a table.  It's ideal for two, but not a first date - you just won't be able to hear each other.My favorite restaurant in Boston. Hands down. Probably the only restaurant that I'd wait an hour and a half to be seated at. Bomb things: maiz asado, pallela Vallencia, bone marrow. You really can't go wrong with anything else either. The ambiance is great too and outdoor seating is always a plus.mmmmm - it's now been a fortnight since eating here and I am still drooling over dinner - it was that good!! OH and I decided to come here to celebrate our first wedding anniversary and yummo!! (oops too much food network watching !) Firstly, was really impressed with the price - olives, 8 tapas, cheese platter, 3 glasses of wine and 3 cocktails for $180 including tip. Me thinks that is not bad at all.(especially given the alcohol consumption and the added and completely unnecessary but delish cheese board!)Food -well worth the price. Phenomenal. Olives - really generous portion, bread which seemed constantly replenished and man, some damn fine little plates of scruptiousness. Food highlights? As other yelpers have noted the corn is outstanding - seafood was lovely - the ceviche was sooo fresh and melt in the mouth, prawns were succulent and perfectly cooked - no hint of rubber here!Any down sides? Not really that we experienced, perhaps, if being picky the salt cod fritters were a little cheesy, and the place was absolutely jumping, so we were lucky to have arrived by 6.30 on a Friday night. We had the choice of being in or outdoors, and the weather forecast wasnt that great, so we decided to go inside, however we were placed at a table that was soooo cramped to the adjacent ones that we changed our mind and decided to take a chance with the elements. Totally right decision and one which might have saved the perfect 5 rating of this review.That aside, we were not rushed to leave we were able to sit for ages and chat and enjoy our romantic dinner a deux. (note to other upmarkent Boston establishments - when dropping nearly 100 bux each on a meal take a lesson from the Europeans and create an atmosphere where we feel welcome to linger and savour the atmosphere and the last drop of wine!) ,  Will def be back (and hopefully before next year!)Came here on a Tuesday night with a friend, just the two of us. With no reservation and arriving around 7:30, it was packed to the gills so we waited 45 minutes for a table. As long as you're up for a little tightly-packed mingling at the bar, the wait for a table is well worth it and perfectly bearable, as the bartender mixes a gosh darn good cocktail.Once seated at a quaint table for two, our experience continued swimmingly. The waitress was relaxed, despite Toro's overwhelming popularity for a Tuesday, allowing us plenty of time to peruse the menu at our leisure. And we did so leisurely! Having not seen each other in years, my dining partner and I took a half hour with the menu as we caught up on lost time. Finally ready to order, we chose the following:Grilled Corn - specialty of the house, very tasty with a butter/mayo sauce and melted cheese on top. Delicious, but messy... no corn skewer handle things? There is simply no way to avoid getting sloppy with this dish, but it's worth it!Cuttlefish - served in a bowl with some seasonings and sauce, this one was also pretty good.Yellowfin sashimi - this was really good. Six or so pieces of bite-sized tuna served with some sort of topping and scallions, definitely a repeater.Bone Marrow - my favorite of the 4 dishes tried, a huge bone is served on a wooden plank with two shortrib-covered toasts. Take a piece of the toast, spread a dollop of bone marrow atop the shortrib, open mouth and enjoy! And enjoy you will - this dish is decadent and scrumptious, a perfect complement to the snowy weather outside.Toro will certainly be on the shortlist for a revisit next time I'm in Boston. The space is small but ample, and makes for a fun, lively atmosphere when it easily fills up with a mostly young but seemingly well-to-do clientele, which isn't a surprise considering its location in the actively gentrifying South End. The only thing keeping Toro from attaining that ever-elusive 5th star: service. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The hostess was a bit 'rhymes-with-witch'y, failing to take our name down for a table until I went to confirm that she had after sitting at the bar for a while. Again, it wasn't bad, and it was really crowded, but a little work on the service and this place would be unbeatable.All that said, I look forward to my next Toro experienceI like the Toro.Group of friends toddle into Toro on a Friday night. We order a bunch of random stuff off the menu and begin to have food-gasms as things show up.Prepare to wait for a table (duh). Prepare to be pleased with the prices (reasonable-ish). Prepare to eat fabulous things (like the corn and just about everything on the menu). Get ready to have an absolutely fun time.TORO!I am a newbie to Tapas, tough it seems as a way for a restaurant to charge you a lot of cash for a small amount of food. I know it's in the spirit of Spanish tradition, but I just think they must do it a little different and provide bigger portions in Spain, serving it more family style. Cost controls aside, Toro is a very cool place. Between the smells of saute'd garlic and wood burning in their real fireplace, this establishment immediately provides you a sense of comfort, warmth, and coziness as soon as you walk in. Now this was winter time, so I loved the fireplace and the warmth inside, not sure what it's like on a hot humid night in Boston, but I am sure I can find out.I went with a male friend and didn't feel like we were on a "date" or have a weird feeling of asking "is this gay?" when we shared some of the Tapas dishes. I guess a homophobic person could be concerned with the small tables and share and share alike type of attitude. This is an ideal place for friends or a date, or members of the same sex that are securing in their "manhood". The food was excellent, I had a cheese sampler, some duck confit, duck legs, tuna, brussel sprouts, and a salad. Overall prices weren't too bad it came to about 80$ for 4 drinks, and all the food we had. For 2 people that isn't that bad.  Though portions aren't big, so I made sure to eat some of the whole grain bread they serve with the meal.Tapas restaurants aren't for the picky, or those that can never decide on what to order, you really need to just dive right into the menu and just try a bunch of different things. For Tapas, and atmosphere I highly recommend ToroWhere do I begin?  A beautiful bottle of cava, followed by two very entertaining cocktails - La Granada and the Applejack....followed by an adventure in Spain for my taste buds.   Acorn fed jamon and foams galore.   Marrow served a bone...heart...and tripe.  Razor clams and seared foie...dollops of caviar on top of the freshest sea urchin (insert foam again)...had to have their corn which people praise (and no wonder!) and finally wrapped up this culinary odyssey with churros and chocolate (ah Spain!).  Every plate was a hit.   I haven't had a meal of this caliber creatively and well executed in quite some time...and the price was right.   I am told I missed the short ribs, which will indeed be on the list for my next trip to Toro (coming soon!)...I think I need a few times back....the menu is vast and each description as tempting as the one before.   A must go!My first experience here involved a server telling me that I had 5 minutes to choose what bar snacks I might want before the kitchen took a break for dinner. He then ignored attempts to get his attention to order said bar snacks. Needless to say, I walked out. I gave the place a second try tonight and am glad that I did. The food was great, and service was much better this time around. Do not miss the mini Kobe burgers, Foie Gras Con Chutney De Pera (I'm not a liver fan, but this was delish!), and the Maiz Asado Con Alioli Y Queso Cotja (the house grilled corn on the cob).  For dessert we had some sort of foamy creme Catalan-type dish which tasted marvelous - sort of like an inverted key lime pie. The red sangria was not to my liking, but I'm picky about sangria. My dining companion had a good drink, but I can't remember the name of it. It did involve caramelized limes. I preferred my outdoor table because it meant that I could actually have a conversation, versus inside, which is too loud for conversation. There's valet parking, but it costs $14. It's near Silver Line stop, not sure which one.Friends tipped me off that you can bypass the insane dinner hours wait if you go for Sunday brunch, which offers an abbreviated tapas menu and brunchy items - we had NO wait (at 11:30) and got a great table. Our waiter was very nice, service was average bc I think they are just really too busy to be any more attentive. I love the decor and vibe of the place (grey brick, bar seating avail, center communal tables w/ high chairs), but we warned, they have the DARKEST bathrooms of any place I have ever been to - I had a hell of a time trying to see even the white toilet paper, never mind the equipment, I know, TMI.- Bread - Light, sl above average, only 5 slices at once, so you have to keep asking for refills over and over.- Datiles con Jamon - If dates wrapped in pig is on a menu, I am on it, but I was disappointed, too dry and had a weird finish, go to Orinoco to get this instead.- Huevos Rancheros - Decent, but nothing special- Corned Beef Tongue Hash - Light, not too salty, beautiful potato texture and chewy tongue.- Jamon Serrano - Not the best Jamon ever but respectable.- Escavilada Catalana - The best item - great flavor and texture if you are a roasted eggplant nut like me.- Maiz Asado - The most popular dish - it is awesome, great roasted corn slathered in a heart-clogging aioli that I want to just drown myself in. Bring dental floss.- Pate de Conejo (rabbit) - A bit on the dry side but not to salty and I liked how it worked with the pistachios and pear.I've had much better tapas NYC, but this is a decent place - I looked over the dinner menu and think that there is a much more interesting selection, so next time I'll brace for an hour wait and bring night vision goggles.The only word that comes to mind is "love." This place was so good that I just...I just...Oh my God, I just don't even know. The atmosphere in the restaurant is very romantic - dimly light, tiny spaces, and tiny, tiny, tiny. Alright...On to the main part, i.e. FOOD! A list shall follow with descriptions. Foie Gras with Pear and Bacon Chutney - I can die now and I'll totally be O.K. with it. Lardo - thinly sliced fat?! I love everything about life when i ate this. Ensalada - for a salad, totally satisfying. Didn't compare with the Lardo though. White Anchovies in Vinegar & Oil - tangy & salty. Fantastic! Smoked Duck Drummettes - On of the most incredible things I have ever put in my mouth. Do yourself a favor and PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE eat! Razor clams - fantastic smokey flavor. Mussels with Chorizo - fantastic & tangy!Churros with Chocolate Dipping Sauce - YUM!This place, is just simply, one of the most amazing things. EVER! I haven't in a long, long time been THIS impressed with a menu and I thank the heavens it's in Boston. This food could begin the revolution for world peace.OK, maybe not. But I'd totally be convinced.Dear Toro, thank you so much for an amazing meal on a Saturday night.We knew they don't do reservations so we aimed to get here early.  We arrived a little after 6pm and were told the wait was 45 minutes to an hour.  We were seated in almost exactly 45 minutes, at a table outside.We ordered:-Sangria-Stuffed dates wrapped in Serrano ham-Marinated cow's milk-Blood sausage pate-Beef heart with romesco-Serrano ham-Griddled garlic shrimp-Roasted bone marrow-Duck drumettes-Patatas bravasand-Churros and chocolate for dessertIt was all delicious and we cannot wait to go back.  Fantastic.This was my very first REAL tapas experience. I went here for Restaurant week this summer and have decided it's my Restaurant Week destination from here on out.Very rarely do I ever put a bite in my mouth and melt into my chair. That is precisely what happened to me at Toro. Again and again and again. Each tapas plate was better than the last, and the cocktails were fab too.I did notice that it's really expensive when you're not coming with the prix-fixe card in your pocket, so I can't go back just yet. But, I will at the next opportunity.The atmosphere was fantastic and the waiter was very attentive. We were a little squeezed in to a crowded restaurant, but crowded is good when it comes to food, right? Right.Wow patatas bravas!  Yum serrano bocadillo!  Mmm grilled corn!  I didn't get to try many dishes at our late, impromptu lunch here, but they were genuinely delicious.  Friends had a salad (probably best value on the menu, patatas bravas aside), a hamburger, and tomatoes on toast (Pan con Tomate if you want to be technical about it, and in fairness it is much tastier than it sounds). Even though our group of 6 traipsed in 15 minutes before lunch service ended, and didn't order too many dishes, the service was quick & polite.  Our waiter let us know when our last chance to order additional dishes was coming up, before the kitchen shut down, without seeming pushy or annoyed.  They even chased me down with a pair of gloves I'd dropped.I'd love to come back for a real meal and some of the tasty beverage selection!OMG flavor explosion!this place is great; nice dark atmopshere, GREAT food and the sangria was amasing!me and the gf had artichokes in oil n sea salt, corn with aged cheese, and little cod things.... they were all sooo frikkin' yummy! the bread kept coming too...(i like bread)if this place wasn't so pricey I'd be here more often; definatly a great date restaurant.Good food, and a lot of fun, with a date or with some girlfriends. It gets pretty crowded, and can be hard to find a seat at the bar, so come early or come late.If you like fun drinks, try the Watermelon martini- it's great!I visited Toro with a friend last night for the first time. We started with a pitcher of red sangria, which was mediocre. Then we ordered two tapas--the raw tuna and the grilled corn--and the paella valenciana. Let's all agree that the tapas were not even close to authentic. BUT they were perfection. If I'd eaten nothing but those two things all night, I would've left the restaurant a happy woman. The paella was another story: though plentiful, the dish overall was watery and the rice a tad undercooked. Not inedible, but really disappointing. I'm no chef, but I've eaten better in my kitchen.But let's talk about the service. I was nervous after reading previous yelpers review the slow, rude service. I want to emphasize that this was not our experience at all. Not only were we seated right away (on a Wednesday evening), but our food appeared within an acceptable window of time and our servers were accessible but not intrusive.When I return, I will stick to the tapas, drink the WHITE sangria, and leave enough room for dessert, which looked verrry tasty.One of my favorite places to go to for dinner. The food is delicious (mmm foie gras, duck and mini kobe burgers) but portions are small. Expect to pay around $35 per person (not including drinks). Definitely get sangria for the table and definitely expect a long wait... Note about groups: They can take groups, but everyone in your party has to be there in order to be seated. Also note that there is limited seating for groups. You have to wait for one of two large tables in the center- which can prolong your wait. That said, the past couple of times I've been there has been as a group of 8.My husband and I stopped here our first night in Boston.  I'd read the menu online before arriving and was excited to see it was just down the street from our B&B.  I have to admit we were pretty disappointed.  We knew to expect a crowd since they don't take reservations but since we arrived so late we didn't have to wait long.The food just wasn't all that good.  The hot green peppers and queso mahon were the highlights but they aren't incredibly difficult dishes.  The patatas bravas had very little sauce although they were fried well.  I have to disagree with the raving reviews of the corn, too.  There was so much aioli it was just disgusting.  I tried scraping it off but couldn't get nearly enough of it off the corn to taste good.  Plus, the corn was way overcooked.  Some of the other dishes we tried were okay but nothing spectacular.I could see coming back here for some of the peppers, cheese, and some drinks but there are much better places for dinner.Yesterday was my second visit to Toro.  Upon arriving, the hostess said it would take up to 30 minutes for us to get a table, but as soon as we had ordered drinks from the bar 5 minutes later, she seated us.  Always love it when that happens.This time around, we ordered the following:Foie Gras - a small-ish portion served on a piece of crunchy bread.  Not huge but enough for 2-3 good sized bites each for two people.  Corazon (beef heart) - I've had beef heart served in very different ways, and this presentation made the heart look like shaved roast beef, on another small piece of toast.  Marinated Island Creek oysters - 4 oysters for $12 - the frothy marinade didn't add a whole lot of flavor, but I suppose that's a good thing as you don't want to overwhelm the delicious briny taste of an oyster.salad special with Jonah crab, avocado, grapefruit, roasted beets - this thing tasted great. It was a deconstructed (no greens) salad that was as fun to look at as it was to eat.  Unfortunately it was tiny and priced at $13 - I think it should have been about half that based on the portion.Duck drumettes - I love all things duck, and these meaty drumsticks were no exception.Maiz Asado - this was the star of the meal.  I had this the first time I came, and a year later it's the only thing that I really remember. It's corn on the cob, grilled and covered in cheese and spices.  Some taquerias offer a similar dish called "elotes".  At $6, I think I'll just go with a couple of orders of this the next time.Drinks - I had a glass of the sangria (refreshing, not to sweet, boozy or watered down) followed by the Ward 8 cocktail - Old Overholt rye, grenadine, orange and lemon juice.  Very refreshing as well, though once I polished it off I realized how much of the glass contents was ice. Some things struck me as being rather pricey (the salad), while others felt like a steal (the duck, the corn).  Dali is still tapas king in Boston, but this place has enough interesting menu items and cocktails that I'll probably go back.And one more thing - pass on the churros. Not very good.Food: "Fresh, Well Seasoned, High Quality Ingredients"From the crab, to the flank steak, Kobe Sliders, the Tortilla Tspanola, Empenadas were so hot and tasty I kept ordering them.Wine: I tried the house tempranillo, at 10$ for a glass, the wine seemed a bit flat. I would have loved more fruit. I think the cocktails were really sweet, but still balanced. Service:A very "spanish looking" wait staff kept 5, then 7, then 9 of us, like happy kids at recess who get well fed. We split our bill across 6 cards--gosh darn dental students--but that was cool too. Value?: It was hard to guess, as so many of us split all the food and the bill. I was really hungry and I left really happy about the quality of the food and how good it felt in my belly. A good sign. Also, that last drink I ordered got me wasted, more Vodka than I knew!Went there on a Thursday night and arrived around 6:30, there was already a 45minute wait.  But it wasn't bad outside so we got a glass of wine and waited outside.  We could have ate outside right away, but it was a bit chilly for that so we waited for a table.  Definitely worth the wait.I thought it was a cozy atmosphere.  Good for socializing, but hard to get a table for a large group.  Food - Presentation and Tastes all good!We had Froie Gras - my first time trying this, was scared to taste it, but it was actually pretty good.   Bone Marrow - this was good, but not spectacular.Grilled Corn - it was heavenly.  Must order on the menu.  Rioja Short Ribs - This was okay, good nothing special.Fried Potatoes - Common dish in spain, great for picking at.Jalapeno Peppers with Sea Salt - good starter snack, could use a bit more sea salt. Garlic Shrimp - Good stuff, the bread was good with the sauce that was on it.Paired it all with a bottle of Bierzo.  EXCELLENT.Maybe I'm overhyping this place by giving it 4 stars, but I don't know any better. This was my first time trying tapas, which my friend described as "Spanish dim-sum." My friend, who's a local, loves this place for tapas.  We went after work one day and had anna's empandas, and maiz asado con aioli y queso cotija and I can't remember what else, but we definitely ordered about 4 small plates and had some wine.  the place itself is dark, but a nice after work type atmosphere, though it was really crowded, really packed even when we sat at a table, and really loud.  Definitely not a place to go on a date, but good for a casual, dinner and drinks night out.Tables are a little cramped for my taste, but minor details aren't what you want to read about.Corazon a la plancha- served on a small piece of bread with romesco sauce. The beef heart was very soft, but was a bit oversalted for me. However, the romesco sauce was silky smooth and went well with the free bread we got for the table.Lengua con Lentejas y Salsa Verde- thinly sliced beef tongue placed on top of a bowl of lentils with salsa verde. While the beef tongue melted in my mouth, the lentils didn't really blow me away. The lentils just tasted like...lentils. Donde esta la salsa verde?Gambas al Ajillo- I guess if you have a love affair with shrimp, you'll love the garlic shrimp. Just be aware that the sauce has a touch of cream if that bothers you.Pato con Membrillo- smoked duck with quince glaze. This was my least favorite dish of the night. The duck was wayyyy too dry and I wish the duck was glazed more, I could barely taste the quince.Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija- Yes, corn on the cob drenched with bits of cheese and aioli is something that you will dream about for a long time. Order it, but only if you can handle it!Patatas Bravas- potatoes with spicy tomato sauce and alioli. Lacking in the sauce and spice department and not a really an exciting choice.Costilla de Bourguignon- braised beef short ribs with bacon, mushrooms and pearl onions. Fork tender beef with BACON! Savory overload, but me likey :)Cinnamon churros with chocolate sauce- surprisingly light and not overly rich. A perfect way to end the meal.Overall- while some tapas didn't excite my taste buds, at least I didn't leave with a bad taste in my mouth and the tapas that I did like were items that I would get more of. Our server was attentive and helped me select some take-out items for a friend who couldn't make it. I would definitely come back and try some other tapas. Buen provecho!I've been here several times for lunch, and once for dinner. YUMMY!!! The lunch sandwiches and salads are great. I've tried the albondigo (turkey meatloaf with figs) and it is my favorite. It's a great combination of sweet and savory- and is simply amazing. I've also had the chorizo- which is terrific, and the ham and cheese- which was yummy but I would have liked more if it had some sort of spicy mustard or sauce of some sort. The salads are great too... esp the one with tuna and chick peas- very flavorful but light. The one time I had dinner at Toro was great- I went with several friends and we ordered lots of tapas. The grilled corn is to die for. I dream about it. Seriously. I ate corn like this in Oaxaca, Mexico- grilled, with cheese and a mayo-mix sauce. This may sound weird- but is incredibly delicious. I also loved the bacon-wrapped, blue cheese-filled dates. I thought the shortribs could have been more flavorful, same with the garlic shrimp- but they were good enough. The cheese plate was delicious, but kind of small for the price. Lunch is a good deal- but the menu is limited. Dinner is more expensive, but delicious.Went back to Toro last weekend with my mom and a couple friends, and it was even better than I remember. I started with one of their magical cocktails... something with bourbon and fresh juice. It was amazing. For the rest of the meal we moved on to a few bottles of Cava, and as the bottles arrived our ordering got more and more adventurous.We ended up getting about 20 plates, but we had some definite favorites:The foie gras - Seared to perfection on a bite of toast. If you're a foie person, this is for you. We got two to share, and then ended up getting two more because we were so turned on.The duck drumettes - quince glaze? Crispy. Delightful. Yum.The Mussels - welllllllll, I liked the mussels, but the chorizo is the real star of this dish. Nice spicy bits of perfectly cured sausage floating in the broth brings this dish to a whole new level.The peppers - I don't need to tell you how amazing these are.The cod fritters - I was amazed at how they managed to keep these from being too greasy. The cod was nice and light inside the batter and the lemon rings were an interesting touch.I can't get enough of this place.Service was great. They were too busy, as always, but we got everything we asked for. It's a bit pricy, but if you're with friend who likes food it's a definite crowd pleaser.Good for groups--GREAT for a date.  The food is absolutely amazing.  Everything I've ever had there is tasty, and the menu frequently rotates, but I'm partial to the Croquetas de Bacalao (cod fritters), Pato con Membrillo (duck drumsticks), and Costilla de Buey (braised short ribs).  We didn't try the Asado de Huesos (roasted bone marrow) - but anyone who's been to Toro twice knows that it's one of the chef's top dishes.  Toro also offers great specials on wines - often unique or interesting varietals.  The ambiance feels both 'homey' (oversized wooden tables and banquette seating) and 'urban' (tables are packed tight together, so you're almost eating dinner with your neighbors).  Yet it somehow works.Oh my goodness, this place was sooooo good and may be the best place I ate while visiting Boston.  I was lucky that it was restaurant week too, so I got to try a lot of the dishes!Loved: bacon-wrapped dates, costilla de bourgignon, cabeza, atun crudoLiked: corn, foie gras, chocolate churros, croquetas de bacalao, asado de huesos, patatas bravasEven the tripe dish was good, and I'm usually not a fan!  Their service is great, and they also give you all the bread you can eat  :)Yes, it can be difficult to get a table.  You need to hustle here as soon as you get out of work if you don't want to wait.  Yes, it can get crowded and loud - the people sitting next to you can basically hear your entire conversation.  But let me tell you, there is something absolutely divine here.All you need to do is order "Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija" and you'll be taken to heaven (for a few minutes).  This ain't your regular corn on the cob.  This corn is covered in cheese and God knows what.  You will not regret it (unless you are lactose intolerant)!I found the other tapas items to be pretty standard.  The service was quick and our waiter was attentive.  I will definitely be returning.Grilled corn and the lamb lollipops are superb along with other many tasty items on their tapas menu.  Highly recommended and taste buds approvedToro rocks. All the food is delicious and cooked to perfection. Portions are tiny but hey...it's about quality, not quantity. It is a bit pricey but worth it. I'd say the only downside is that they don't reservations so it can get pretty crowded and waiting at the bar is inconvenient because the place is so small.Try the bone marrow. It is really good. Also, the red sangria is excellent.Very solid food and service, but probably not worth more than a 30 minute wait. My favorites are the eggplant tomato dish and the smoked duck legs. This is a great place to try small amounts of strange items, like uni, sweetbreads, beef hearts and the like. It's a shame that the menu never changes, but you can probably go there 5 times before having to order anything twice. I'd like to try the paella (for 2) eventually, but it just seems like more fun ordering lots of small items.The drinks are inventive and they have a lot of choices. They make a great traditional Pisco Sour with real egg whites, and I love the Sanguinello, made with fresh blood orange juice.  Everything is reasonably priced, but the final bill amount can sneak up on you if you don't keep track.I would ideally give Toro 4.5 stars but will round up to 5 instead of going down to 4. My husband and I both enjoyed our meals and atmosphere in Toro. I am a vegetarian and they printed me out a fresh vegetarian menu, which I thought was pretty cool. I would definitely suggest this place to people to try if they want to try a different Tapas place.The tomato bread is really good! Its like the best bruschetta that you will ever have, except it doesn't have any chunks. More of a bruschetta smear. As many other people have mentioned, the corn is amazing. Although make sure you have floss on hand or you are going to be picking corn out of your teeth all night which is not attractive. The fried potatoes were surprisingly good, especially when mixed with the tomato sauce and alioli. My husband really liked the bone marrow. He thought it was the best he has had and would get it again. The beef heart was just ok, not great. It tasted like standard cold cuts, he would skip it next time. The sweetbreads were very organy and not as good as you can get at other places in Boston, so he would skip those as well.We had mixed opinions about the Sangria. My husband thought it was good and I thought it was only decent. I would have liked a little more of a fruit taste. Our waitress did not come back before we were done eating so we did not get to try any other drinks once we were done with our pitcher of sangria. They had some interesting drinks on their drink menu that I would like to try in the future.Overall, a very pleasant experience!I have been to this place many times.  The staff is consistently nice and friendly and the crowd are all very down to earth. I have eaten everything on the tapas menu and many things on the dinner menu too. The atmosphere is fun and lively and can be very loud at times. It is a "family style" seating which means you will be sharing your table with people you may not know. Personally, I don't mind, but sometimes, the table space is tight if you order as much food as we usually do!The grilled corn on the cob is addictive. I could eat two orders of it alone! I also love the short ribs and paella.  I think the only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because the wait for a table can be long on a weekend and sometimes, its so crowded that it feels more like a bar scene than a restaurant.One note, I agree with other reviewers, you can drop a lot of cash at this place without blinking an eye.This is the best tap pas place in Boston! I love love love it here!They have a very cool atmosphere, neat brick walls, dark, very alive! They have a super menu! Everythings good! So much fun to go w/friends and order a ton of plates! You'll never be unsatisfied! I love coming here- I come into box every few months for them! I love bringing out-of town guests here, its super trendy- and if the wait os too long its no biggie theres a good selection of restaurants just a hop away- Although I recommend just waiting it out! Its not that bad, people are in and out, and its a super time! If you dont mind the bar, you can usually sneak in and get a seat w.in 20 min if it just 2 of you-Quite possibly, IMO, one of the best (and most overlooked) restaurants in the entire city of Boston, bar none. As a huge fan of Spanish cuisine, I always like to stumble upon a place that can replicate typical Iberian food with ease and accuracy. Toro does it incredibly. From the cheese to the croquetas to the beer to the coffee, this is the real deal! I loved going there and want to go back as soon as possible.After visiting Spain last Fall, I was excited to experience some delicious tapas again at Toro earlier this week. I had been wanting to check Toro out for a while, but was somewhat put off by some of the reviews here, especially on wait times. So, we visited relatively early on a Tuesday evening, thus avoiding a wait and were seated at a table outside right away. Our server seemed a little sullen and was generally unhelpful. For example, after we placed our (unguided) order, we asked if the portion sizes and quantitity that we ordered should be sufficient, to which she responded with a noncommital shrug and a "you can always order more". Our food came out in rapid succession and started off very good, with the cod fritters. Hot and delicious, they boded well for the rest of our order. However, the subsequent dishes left something to be desired. The potatoes bravas were very ordinary and in my opinion, needed salt (there was none on the table so we went without). The tortilla Espanola was also fairly average in comparison with what we had in Spain. The mini-Kobe hamburgers are an odd thing to have on the menu in the first place, but we wanted to try them, and I was very disappointed. They were initially flavorless, followed quickly by a very odd aftertaste. Finally, the roast corn was actually very good, very messy to eat and the topping was excessive, but well seasoned and hot.The final bill was reasonable, but with the surley service and the inconsistent tapas, I left feeling underwhelmed and not likely to return any Tuesday evening in the near future.What impressed me most about Toro is the way that, despite having more business than they can handle, an affluent clientele, and a frantic, crowded atmosphere, there is still attention given to making sure you enjoy your meal.  For me, this was most evident in the way that the hostess repeatedly kept an eye out on myself and my companion's perch at the end of a long table, since the burgeoning gaggles of people waiting for a seat would all too frequently make themselves at home in our space.  I'm a pretty easygoing fellow (and just spent some time overseas, which really has a way of putting the whole concept of personal space in perspective), and it would have taken me some time to get to the point of wanting to say something, but it was nice to see them take care of the business they had, and make sure it wasn't ruined by the next party.  As for the food, you know it's good food when you have several really excellent dishes wind up all but forgotten because one in particular is so amazing (the bistec de faldilla a la plancha, for those of you playing at home).  Our spot by the door and haste to try other stuff meant it was cold by the time we got to it, but the mind reels at the possibility it might be better warm.  i'm told the wine selection is really good, too, even if i stuck with beer (an Estrella Damm from Spain; unremarkable, but decent).  It's loud, but some would call that vibrant, crowded, although it's possible to find a comfortable place to drink before eating, and small, but i'd recommend it unreservedly.Went here for a Friday lunch and really enjoyed the food. Lunchtime has a limited tapas menu, but lots of tasty other choices. I know that at night this spot is hopping, but it was nice to enjoy the more relaxed lunchtime. We shared the corn on the cob - the BEST corn I've ever had. It helped that it had a cheese/garlic/butter thing going on...whew! Delish! Then we each got a bocadillos - these are full sized sammies, not the typical little boca. I had the albondigas (turkey meatloaf, rather than meatball) - it was fantastic. The plate was simple - would have liked a little green salad with it, but the house-made pickles were a nice touch. I loved my ginger lemonade too. The service was quite slow and a bit uneven - just one guy for the restaurant which was not enough. They weren't super busy, but he wasn't super fast either. I'd love to visit Toro again next time I'm in Boston!I've been to Toro a few times, and have loved it every time. The only weird thing is that you feel like you're sitting on top of your neighbor, since the tables are so close together. Some might call it cozy, but it is a little weird, because you don't feel like you have any privacy and everyone can hear your conversations.The food, however, is to die for. In the Boston area, I'd say Toro or Dali (in Cambridge) are the top places to go for tapas. Pretty good variety, and with the open kitchen, you can smell all the delish food from the moment you enter!The corn dish--I forget the name--is an expected mess when eating it, but tastes amazing(=Arguably the best tapas in all of Boston; Ken Oringer and Jamie Bissonnette are surgeons at their craft, they are just that good! Staying consistent with offering variety, Toro's take on Spanish food seems to both have been influenced by old and new techniques and it puts a solid offering out there in town for that sort of meal. Anything you order will be good, if not, hitting the spot! Some of the show stoppers that will be sure to please both simple and sophisticated include: Datiles con Jamon, Atun y Anchoa, Boquerones, Pate de Morcilla, Jamon de La Quercia, Suquet, Panza de Cerdo, Asado de Huesos, and Costilla de Bourguignon. Where's the simple? Order their cured pigs, braised meats, all of the fish, and corn on the cob. The paella is also quite wonderful and I have used a similar version myself.There's also a decent offering for wine and plenty of good drink to go around; the bar staff is attentive and helpful and pleasant to hold a conversation if they're not busy so don't be afraid to go here by yourself since getting a large party in here might be a bit tricky.You can never go wrong by dining here, but you can't get reservations either, so show up there early and basque (no pun intended) in all Toro's glory!!Finally I get a table here after my third attempt and in all my anticipation and high hopes.....meh.... It was alright. We had the short ribs, pork belly w/escargot, the corn special, the dates and the sliders. All of which had a licorice taste which my culinary school sister told me was start anise..whatever it is I'm not a fan (don't even get me started on Jager blah..). The staff was nice and service decent. I was glad to be sitting out side bc/indoors is way overcrowded and hot. Orinoco around the corner was better. I like Ken Oringer so I will probably be back -----but with lowered expectations.So I have read the hype, I wanted to love this place.  First impressions- totally ignored at check in.  THEN we had to constantly check with the host to see when we would sit.. an hour later, I was hoping it was going to be amazing.  One thing is great-- the corn.  Corn with melted butter, cheese, and special flavor, was outstanding.  Also, the sangria was refreshing!  All the other things.. the fries, empanadas, were not so memorable.  Service was slow.. I think if you are 'in the know' here it truly is great, but for the four of us off the street for the first time, we were not made a priority.Toro is by far a fantastic tapas restaurant. You will leave with your taste buds praising your excellent choice. Go for a date, go with friends, JUST GO. Let's start with when you walk in...It's dimly lit, loud, with small plates flying on and off each table in a frenzy. They usually don't take reservations, so it's all on a walk-in basis, except during restaurant week. Went last night (rw), without a reservation, and hostess was VERY accommodating. If you can't find a seat, sit at the bar, it's a blast. Bartenders serve up the BEST Mohitos you ever did have! Clean, clear, fresh. The place is intimate, mind you, elbow to elbow high table top style in the middle, but worth it. Service is impeccable and fast. Food is mouthwatering and delightfully plated. A few must haves: Muscle Toast, HOUSE CORN, Hanger steak, Beef Short Rib. One more plus: its close to the Beehive. What else do you want?Best tapas in Boston.  The place is small and there are no reservations for dinner, but the food is pretty phenomenal!  If you want to beat the weekend crowds go before 5:30.  Lunch and brunch take reservations for large groups.We had the red sangria - which was great!  I'd rank the tapas we had in the following order (very best to just good):Must haves...1. Datiles con jamon: bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese that were delectable2. Maiz asadao: corn cooked to perfection - with a little charring - and topped with wonderful seasoning and cheeseThe rest, very good...3. Pan con tomate: bread with bruschetta type tomato topping.  Fresh and delicious!4. Gambas al ajillo: shrimp and a tasty sauce5. Pimientos del padron: whole peppers charred and topped with sea salt, great!6. Tortilla espanola: omelet cubes7. Patatas bravas: basically home fries in spicy tomato sauce - not as spicy as I wanted and a little too much salt but still goodAltogether enjoyable.The hype is true.  The corn is soooo good!  Perfectly roasted to a succulent sweetness so it falls off of the cob with minimal dental efforts, slathered thickly with a flavorful but never gloppy aioli, and generously sprinkled with cotija cheese.  Savory, creamy, garlicky, and sweet- a must try.The lunch menu also includes interesting Spanish twists on American classic sandwiches.  I tried the chorizo sloppy joe which was oozing neon orange grease and tumbling messily out of a long skinny baguette.  Soft eggplant mixed with the chorizo made it interesting and pickled veggies complimented the flavors.I described the decor to myself as "South End-y" which I think is a wonderful thing; all wood and brick and metal and kitschy accents.  Coming from me, that description won't ever steer you wrong.I feel like I certainly haven't gotten to experience the range of dishes on Toro's menu, but once I do I'll reassess this Spanish gem and see if I can't bump her up to the coveted (though I'm kind of easily impressed...) 5-star review.Amazing food! Well, most of it. The house corn (don't know the real name) is delicious; basically, grilled corn on the cob smothered in cheese and butter. Who doesn't love that?  As for the marrow.. I would pass. Also tried the meatballs (small portion), empanadas (good portion), dates and beet salad. Everything was great. The decor is cozy and eclectic. The bar area can get crowded, it seemed. Did NOT have the best service at the bar, that is for sure. Table service was excellent, though. Such a cool place - a bit pricey, but it's worth it for a good night out.A longtime Boston resident took me here on a Tuesday, and I came back four days later to savor it again!  -Foie Gras was divine!  And only $8!-Dates wrapped in ham were standard: greasy, gooey goodness.-Beef heart was a tad salty, but interesting.-Sweetbreads tasted like high-class chicken McNuggets, in a good way.-Pork belly with escargot: this was the highlight of the meal because it's damn hard to make pork belly better given that it's 89 percent fat, but apparently topping it with escargot gives it the texture that renders this dish transcendental.-Mini burgers: the meat was well cooked.  However, I tried to eat around the buns because they were supermarket quality (the kind you get 8 in a pack).-Bone marrow: Gorgeous presentation.  So fatty and so good that you can't help but lick your fingers.-Corn: Underwhelming.  I did, however, get this out-of-season and off the menu.  This is the best Boston tapas restaurant I've been to, and I intend to return to try the many other offerings (duck, uni, corn in-season) and drinks.I was really looking forward to eating at this place...very disappointed because the food was OK at best. I love going to restaurants with a Tapas menu and I wanted to like the food, but I just couldn't see myself eating here again. I'll just do a brief summary.Datiles Con Jamon - Stuffed Dates. This dish was nothing spectacular. I'm rating this dish based on past experience and other Tapas style restaurants with stuffed dates. 2 piece for $6.    ~3/5 StarsMaíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - This is also known as "Mexican Street Corn" in Los Angeles. This dish had a lot of potential and I was really excited to try, but the kernels were so tiny. You can't really bite into the corn. This dish was a 3.5 / 5 stars, the rating could be better if they change their corn.Patatas Bravas - These potato wedges, taste like any other potato wedge. ~ 2.5 / 5 Stars.Paella Valenciana - Portion was huge, but this dish was definitely a miss. I was craving Paella since eating it in Las Vegas, and this dish was way too saucy. It just tasted like Tomato Sauce over rice w/ Chicken and Seafood. This plate could have been shared between 3-4 people, but you will have plenty of leftovers (because of the quality of the dish). $38   ~2.5 / 5 Stars. Churros con Chocolate - I enjoyed the churros, but the chocolate that came with it did not go well with the dish. Thank God it was on the side.   ~ 3/5 Stars.I'm not a picky eater, but if you are, you might want to avoid eating here.I had a weird late brunch experience here this past weekend. I doubt it's what most will encounter when they come... so take my 3 stars with a grain of salt.The food varied from good to great.  The bone marrow was the highlight. I'd stay away from the pimientos del padron (hot green peppers with sea salt) unless you have a big group, otherwise it becomes monotonous and boring after the first few bites.The banana milk reminded me of my youth in Pakistan, amazing. at $6 though, it was a steep trip down memory lane considering it's milk, ice, and bananas all mashed up..the weird part was the service. Our waiter must have been having an off day. this place is so good and so on top of their game, he must have been. On two occasions I caught him picking food from his teeth as he walked towards tables. I'm almost definitely going to go back, but probably not until after I've had some time to check out what the rest of the area has (the south end/Washington street area has an embarrassment of riches!!)To be honest I am not overly crazy about tapas to begin with so Toro was fighting an up hill battle from the start. We brought a client here a few months back on a random weekday night. It was surprisingly busy and really energetic for a cold early winter night. So I would give 3 Stars for the atmosphere alone. The food was fine. I wasn't impressed with anything but there certainly was nothing wrong with it either. It was, oh how do you say it....."A-OK."One of the best food experiences I've ever had. Yep, that sounds a little extreme, but when a restaurant can make the mundane amazing, that's special. The asparagus was amazing. The cauliflower was amazing. I normally hate cauliflower. Every dish exceeded expectations. You have to have- bacon wrapped dates- bone marrow- tripe I've seen reviews to the contrary, but the service was actually really great too. Great dining experience.I'm still a fan, but after about 10 times going to the restaurant, 2 things are annoying me:1) The portions have gotten smaller, and were already very small (Tapas), so it's a pretty bad value nowadays. For example, a hanger steak tapa showed up with about 5 tiny slices of steak, for $15. Fine at around $11, but not at $15.2) The menu isn't changing enough.  For regular frequenters of the restaurant, it's just too static.All that said, the place still has a great atmosphere, good waitstaff, and high quality, if increasingly miniscule, dishes.I liked this but it didn't blow me away as I was expecting. Liked the ambiance, was able to find parking directly outside and had no wait for a table (the benefit of going on a Monday night).  Service was good, they refilled water glasses regularly and table was refreshed with new bread/clean plates as needed.atun crudo   - really liked this.  great balance of flavors, very freshpatatas bravas  - standard, but i really enjoyed the smoky red sauceescalivada catalana  - really yummy eggplant dipvalenciana paella (half order)  - lost me here,  too salty and rice was undercooked - way below al dentemeatballs with mint/yogurt sauce (special)  - these were good, i only had a bite but i enjoyed it.  tasted very mediterraneanpanza de cerdo  - pork belly was tasty (obv), snails were snails, and the pumpkin was good.maiz asado con alioli y queso cotija   - i had HUGE expectations for this and it was delicious, but it was just too heavy for me (no fault of the restaurant)  however, my friend said it was the best corn he'd ever eaten in his life, so to each his own!bottle of house red "laya" - $25 bucks and tasty!  all of that came to approx $110 before tip (and this was a ton of food).  Definitely worth the trip, but not sure how soon I'll be rushing back to try everything else on the menu.Just so you know, I set up this Yelp account just to express how much I love Toro. I never wanted to spend my precious time writing reviews for other people to read (sorry for being selfish). But now I do, I simply can not resist my passion for this place and I want to share that excitement with everyone!!! I went there tonight and I am already craving it again... The food is just AMAZING. My favorite ones are the corn, the ribs, the cauliflower dish and the shrimp. Every single dish is so flavorful that you don't want to waste any of it. So my friends and I ended up finishing all the sauces with the complementary bread they gave us. haha =)The only thing is that the place gets pretty packed really early on. I would go at 5pm for dinner.Totally worth the wait... We still dream about the taste of the corn on the cob aioli, but you really can't go wrong - everything you have is amazing. Top of the list when we return to Boston. Don't miss it!Ok, not sure where to begin so we'll do this up lightning round style:Corn is clearly a must (as pretty much everyone else will attest)For those that would consider eating out sometimes to be akin to spelunking as far as adventure goes: Heart, Tongue, and Sweet Breads (SWEET BREADS), are ridiculously deliciousRazor clams = little slice of heavenBeef Sliders are pretty much like crack inside of a small bun that you don't have to get from some sketchy dude in an old school land rover.Pork Milanese was surprisingly good (not sure if there were doubts about pork to begin with)Churros Churros ChurrosFunny anecdotal side note with triumphant outcome: completely forgot it was restaurant week when we went there and in spite of the quoted 1 hr 1/2 wait we were seated on the patio well ahead of that time thanks to the extremely helpful (and very busy) hosts.  Nothing a few rounds at the bar couldn't help before getting situated for the veritable food orgy we had coming our way.  Recommendations: order up "peace-meal" style and just keep it coming in waves.  Its more exciting and fun than meticulously crafting a culinary itinerary for yourself.  The portions are small and come really quickly (even on restaurant week, kitchen go on brush yo' shoulders off), so after each little salvo of delights you can dive back into the menu and do the whole thing over again.  ShazamWhat a treat! I'm a fan of tapas (more to try, lots of options), and Toro did not disappoint. The atmosphere was great - cozy and warm, but definitely an urban feel; though it's a tight space. The long communal tables were a bit high and I could see a few women wondering where to leave their jackets and bags, and the tables lining the wall were close together. However, the overall atmosphere (loved the large chalkboard featuring the menu, the open kitchen kept us engaged) was great.The food was even better. I had heard good things, but this exceeded expectations. The wait staff was attentive without being cloying, kept the warm rustic bread and oil coming (love that!), and gave spot on recommendations for wine and food. Mmmm... the roasted corn was out of this word (and I don't like corn); there was an unusual mushroom and egg dish (trust me, amazing); we really enjoyed the "rioja braised veal cheeks" with prunes; I guess, in short, there wasn't anything I didn't like on the savory end. Unfortunately, the desserts were a bit lacking. We had some chocolate thing that had too much spice to make it an enjoyable close to the meal. I had heard that Toro was a bit pricey, but I wasn't surprised by the bill, especially for the amount we ate. I look forward to going back and sampling a few more of the delicious treats.The food was amazing.  My boyfriend and I went here to treat ourselves for a night and it was great.  It is a bit pricey, though, so you are forewarned.  It cost us about $60 for the two of us.If you go here, you have to get the corn dish.  It has a butter/cheese mixture of some kind.  The food is really messy.  I think that would be the only reason they lose a star.  I was constantly licking my fingers and my napkin was pretty gross by the end of the meal.  The Kobe hamburgers were pretty good.  The empanadas were wonderful.  We ordered chicken wings, which I don't know what they were and I wish I did so I could remember them.  Whatever sauce they put on the chicken was wonderful.I went here for brunch as well, which was okay.  I was too wild about it.  I ordered a smoothie which was pretty bitter (it tasted as if the strawberries were not anywhere near ripe when they threw them in the drink).  I didn't order anything extravagent, just the yogurt and granola, but it was pretty good.  I guess as good as you can make yogurt and granola.I've been to Toro twice. My first experience was with three others and we were able to have a satisfying meal for only $15 a person! I was so impressed because the food was more complex than a common $15 dinner. Like everyone else has said, the corn was amazing. Love the $1 PBR tall boys! The cocktails didn't follow the same price range, but the Fresita (strawberry rhubarb drink) was a tasty start.The second time was during Restaurant Week, but we didn't want to do the Restaurant Week menu, but apparently that didn't matter, we were forced to eat off that particular menu when the couple next to us was able to order off the regular menu. The hostess was incredibly rude to our group for no apparent reason from the moment we arrived. Thank god our waiter made up for her pretentious attitude. The corn was a must have again of course. The Patatas Bravas (amazing homefries) are a great option for those who aren't into taking "risks" with their tapas. The garlic shrimp is a treat, the sauce is great for dipping your complimentary fresh bread. Pan con tomate was a great surprise, the tomato spread was impressive!The dates were just ok, I've had better bacon/ham wrapped dates before. The poached shrimp was kind of like a boring shrimp cocktail that boasted an avocado presence which I could not find in the actual dish when it was in front of me. The empanadas were ok, slightly greasy and a bit meager on the sauce.Didn't enjoy the churros, they were lack luster in comparison to the flavors of the other elements of the meal. The chocolate/chili sauce was nice though.I would recommend the white sangria. It comes with apples and leeche - first time having this fruit, it was amazing and really made the taste of the sangria.If it wasn't for the rude hostess, this place would have gotten 5 stars.First of all, the food here is pretty amazing. I'm a big fan of tapas in general because it lets you try a bit of everything. The wine seleciton is great too. Love their tempranillo and the sangria I had there recently was great as well. My BIGGEST pet-peeve about this restaurant is how long the wait is. I remember the first time I went there with just one other person, it took 20-30 minutes to seat us. Then recently, I had gone with my family (7 people), which was probably a mistake given the size of our group. They said we'd be seated in 45-minutes. An hour and 15 minutes later, we were still waiting with no end in sight. Granted, I knew this place is not group-friendly, waiting that long is really not pleasant. I know this type of wait is extremely common in this restaurant, implying Toro's success. Why not expand?I have been to Toro twice before and loved it, but this time, it was just mediocre, and the service was pretty bad.The only thing was was amazing was the corn, which is their specialty. it is caked in butter, and adding the lime really makes it great. We had the chicken empanadas, lamb croquette (a special), vegetarian paella, patatas bravas, and short ribs. All were fine, but nothing special.Re: service: our waiter smirked at us the whole night, which was a bit odd. Our busser was extremely rude and at one point said, "I know you're still working, but are you done yet?" We were the last round of service at the restaurant, no one was waiting for our table, and we had only been sitting for about an hour, so it was uncalled for. I probably won't be returning soon.Definitely worth most of the hype.  A bit noisy/crowded for my liking but the food is interesting and delicious.One dispute with the other reviews: The Corn.  It is just grilled corn with an amazing aioli spread on it.  Yes it is the best corn you will ever eat...but is that really saying much?  There are plenty of other more interesting things on the menu that deserve equal, if not more attention.Dates stuffed with blue cheese and wrapped in jamon serrano were ridiculous.  Sweet and sooo rich.  Also loved the beef heart and the eggplant spread dish.Definitely give this place a try and be more adventurous than just the corn!My best guess is that the rave reviews for Toro are more in deference to the fact that Toro is good for BOSTON and not good in GENERAL. Let's face it, Boston isn't a foodie town so when a trendy place like Toro opens up and serves up decent food, it's something to celebrate and tout.But, if you re-calibrate and forget you're in Boston and REALLY taste the food, you start to realize Toro isn't as great as it's chalked up to be. First of all, there's the no reservations aspect. I went on a Wednesday night and stood up against the crowded bar (elbow to elbow) for an hour. The vinho tinto I ordered and the fact I was with a bunch of friends alleviated the aggravation but still...Then the food. The menu reads like a basic tapas bar menu. And there's a lot that's good.The jamon serrano, the peppers, and the pork belly are excellent. But, I find it hard to rave about a tapas restaurants that mucks up the basics. The patatas bravas were charred. The sauce was cloying - not a good mix between the tangy, fiery, and sweet. And the tortilla was soggy (as if they served up something from the night before). But despite my experience, if you're willing to wait in line for a while for good (not great) food, then go.I loove Tapas! Looooove Tapas!Toro does not disappoint- they offer all the classics, but also some interesting more exotic types (bone marrow, served in bone, on a giant platter!). There are no reservations, this makes timing uuber important. I went with two girlfriends, we got there before they started seating...our only wait was for them to properly open! Order an assortment...some of the veggies are surprisingly yummy (we loved the cauliflower and the corn).The server was informative...Only downside was the tight squeeze at our table and the only dessert is churros and chocolate.I had previously been to Coppa and when my mom was in town wanted to take her there. But I incorrectly recalled the name, and ended up at the sister location - Toro. It worked out very well for us.It was a brutally hot day, and we had been walking around and were in the neighborhood. It was 4:30pm, right when they were listed on Yelp as opening on a Saturday. We entered and the bar was already totally full and there were people standing around. The hostess said they were seating in 10 minutes, took our name, and then we went to the bar and had a fruity drink (it was good, although not my usual thing).There was outdoor seating, but it was so hot out, we chose to be inside as it was cooler.We weren't sure what size the plates would be, so didn't know how much to order. The waitress was helpful, and the food was delicious - we had a range of meat and cheese (chicken empanadas were amazing). We had each ordered the sliders, but they never came - we just assumed they took some time to be made, and weren't in a hurry.They asked if we wanted dessert, and we pointed out that we hadn't gotten the hamburgers. They were very apologetic, and we were totally fine with it and didn't mind - they had lost the order. It worked out well as it felt we probably were better off with a single order of them anyway. As an apology, they gave us a plate of almonds/olives/eggplant which was incredible - but totally unnecessary, very nice of them.The sliders came, were ridiculously good, and then we decided to split a plate of churros for dessert.When the bill came, it was much lower than we were expecting, and wasn't itemized - so we aren't sure if it was due to them apologizing about the order mishap (that we were not at all bothered by) - so we left a bigger tip and hoped for the best.Fantastic service, incredibly good food, fun drinks, and a fun atmosphere - love it and certainly recommend it.Toro is hands down the best tapas restaurant I have been to and Chef Ken Oringer is a genius.  Creative dishes, friendly and attentive staff and a unique menu where you get to try things you can't get anywhere else.  The only downside is that this restaurant is really small and they do not take reservations.  On a prime weekend night, you can have a wait of up to 2 hours.  Even during the work week, the wait is about an hour- But let me tell you it is worth it!  The grilled corn is life changing- sweet, juicy, cheesy amaziness that you need to try at least once in your life.  You really can't go wrong with any of the dishes on this menu and make sure to try something that typically intimidates you- if anyone is going to get it right it's Chef Ken.Amazing food! Great atmosphere! I will be back!I went to Toro while visiting Boston for work. I met up with a college friend and we ordered roughly 10 tapas, a bottle of wine, and a dessert. It was all delicious. We really liked their special (snail toast), the foie gras with red peppers, and ahi tuna carpaccio. The duck was a little disappointing (the smokey taste masked the true flavor duck should have). I wish the place took reservations. We waited about an hour to get in.Yes the menu is interesting, yes its trendy, yes the food is good, but to be honest I left feeling disappointedWe went for Restaurant Week which I think is a great way to try Toro. Had to sit at the bar as a result of the 1+ hour wait. The corn was out of this world and the burger was spectacular, but the rest of the tapas were so-so. Maybe it was because of the sky high expectations but I think I would have been happier if Toro could have under-promised and then over-delivered. The place exudes a sense of cockiness and due its location and its long wait, the food needed to be better than just great to deserve that in my opinion.Toro is a fantastic spot. The food is amazing. Obviously the corn that everyone raves about, the sliders, the shrimp, duck, potatoes, churros...the list goes on and on. I've never tried something here that i didn't absolutely love. The service is on point here. I've been to Toro a bunch of times now and I always see the same servers and bartenders and bussers. It must be a great place to work because they've stuck around for years. The space itself is tiny. It's crammed, it's uncomfortable. It takes a million years to get a table. If you sit at the bar, you're sitting on top of other people (so you can't really eat there, and i love eating at the bar). Then there's that long table in the middle that most of the time you're sharing with a bunch of other people. I get that it's a hip concept, but if you're trying to have a date or a conversation with a friend, it's kind of weird to have a stranger sitting next to you. Mr. Ken Oringer should buy that empty space next door and blow this restaurant up. It would be 6 stars if it was bigger.Great food, but the hostess is rude and short with the customers. Isn't the hostess supposed to be friendly?Went to Boston for summer school so I asked my friend to bring me to the place where my tongue could find paradise. He said, "Definitely Toro." He did warn me about the price but as long as it worth it, I'm down! Went there for early dinner and hoping we got in without waiting and luckily we sat down immediately. Asked the waitress what to order and we ordered the bone marrow, foie gras, tuna tartare, salt crusted Bass, yellowfin tuna, oysters, crispy pork belly and beef short ribs. The winner among these lists is the bone marrow. I don't know how to say it in words but now I'm drooling just by remembering how it looks and tastes. If I have another chance to go to Boston, I'll make sure that this place is on my list to go for a dinner or lunch or brunch.I used to be a hard-core fan of Dali. I still love the place... But after discovering Toro, I have not been able to stop myself from offering up this place whenever tapas is mentioned...The food at Toro is not strictly Spanish tapas. There is also South American flavors, some French-ish salads, etc. My favorite is the foie gras pincho.. A single serving is $6, and if you are like me, you eat one and end up wanting a second, no matter what else is ordered. It is a delight both in texture and taste. There is a small toasted piece of bread, with a thin layer of a sweetish chutney, and then a slice of foie gras which is perfectly seared.  Crunchy and soft, salty and sweet. In short, amazing!I had heard tons about the corn, and in truth, the corn rocks. The overlying cheese makes a vegetarian dish taste meaty! Other great tapas are the boar salsicchon (spelling?) - again, delicious!Cons: somewhat pricy (definitely more pricy than Dali), no reservations (but on weekdays, before 7ish, there usually isn't much of a wait) and somewhat limited street parking, depending on when you come.This place gets really busy, but even if you have to wait a bit, it's so worth it! They don't take reservations so be prepared for any scenario. You might end up lucky, but most likely not on a weekend, whether for lunch or dinner. Oh, and don't expect to have too much luck if you are in a big group.This is my favorite tapas place in Boston. All the ingredients taste so fresh and you can always find something on the menu that appeals to you no matter what your palate is like.The grilled corn with the cheese and mayo is a must-try. I'm sure the wait staff'll recommend it to you too. They'll help you with your wine selection too, usually without error. Derishous!Alright folks let's face it, nobody likes long wait times and I don't care who you are. Nobody! However If you have a small incling of patience you should, for lack of a better way to put this, suck it up when you go to Toro. The food was fantastic. My friend and I ordered six different tapas to share: The Sweet Grilled Corn, Salt Cod Fritters, Duck, Tuna Tartare, Kobe Mini Burgers and one of the shrimp dishes (the one served with the red chili strings on top). We thought all of the food was incredible, robust in flavor and memorable although my favorites were the corn, Mini Kobe Burgers and the Duck. The Mexican cheese they use on the corn was so tasty I asked my server where I could buy it from. Uhm...Wow! The marinade on the duck legs gave it that sweet almost-terriyaki feel which just made it so damn good. And the Kobe Burgers were some of the best I ever had. Perfectly grilled and bursting with flavor.The Salt Cod Fritters were sort of just standard but the aioli they used on them certainly gave it a nice tart flavor. The Tuna Tartare was slightly bland but still, there was something about it that would make me order another one the next time I go. The service was good. At first I didn't know who the server was but after my hibiscus-infused tequila cocktail with ginger & lime came about I don't think it mattered all that much.The wine list has some good options on it and the cocktail menu is very nice, though a little heavy on the gin (is someone sleeping with Hendricks over there)?All in all it was great to fantastic. The nice little patio table made it even all that much better on a beautiful-weathered night. Toro comes with my recommendation.I've eaten at many places, and I can probably say that this is probably as good as Spanish food gets outside of Spain.  I've been to Spain and I can probably say that the food is even better than places in Spain.  You know this place is good when this happens:Whenever I visit the girlfriend in Boston, and she asks, "What do you want to eat?"  The first response in my head always rings "TORO"Toro's menu is mainly a compilation of Spanish tapas.  It does have some influences of other hispanic, mexican dishes as well.Everything is great here, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere.  I honestly cannot find something to criticize about this place.  Every time I've come here, it's always been consistent, which is huge for me.  I love the grilled corn, the paella (especially when it becomes crispy on the pan), all of the tapas which I don't need to repeat just like in the 300+ reviews of this place.My only problems with this place is the wait for a table on a busy night, and that they don't have a Toro in the NJ or NYC area.  Toro is a definite must for those visiting or living in Boston.Agree... Even with the 45+ wait it is worth it to have some excellent and authentic tapas at this Spanish standout... Typically if you are patient and have a good eye you can get in at the bar within 20 minutes. Razor clams and the lengua are my favorites...This has to be one of my most favorite restaurants in Boston!  It is also one of the best tapas place in Boston with drinks that keep your tongue tingling.  I can't imagine coming here and not eating the grilled corn (aka Maz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija) because this small plate has to be one of the most delicious plates I have tried in Boston.  Everything about it is perfect and it really does just melt in your mouth.  Some of my other favorites include Patatas Braves (it is plentiful!), Panza de Cerdo (def not healthy for you but mouth watering), costilla de buey, the hanger steak and Pata Con Membrillo (delicous Duck!).  The ambiance is great.  It kind of reminds me of something NYC would have to offer and it is very friendly and diverse.  The service isn't bad either but it's usually very busy so don't expect the service to be very attentive.  I love the drinks they serve there and it compliments most of the tapas on the menu.  If you show up during dinner time around 7pm be ready to wait awhile since this place doesn't take reservations and is usually jam packed on the weekends.  If you live close by I would recommend going on a Tues or Wed just to avoid any lines.  I mean I have waited for over an hour for a table at this place but I def think the wait is worth it.  The food here along with the service and ambiance is definitely worth the wait.  I have highly recommended this place to plenty of friends and all of them have come back to tell me they loved the food there.  It really is one of those gems that I hope all Bostanians try at least once.I came here during lunch so it looks like it was a smart choice from reading the reviews about long dinner waits.  I went a few months ago, so what I remember is the oysters, sangria, uni sandwich, and the grilled corn.  We ordered at least 8 or so dishes but those are the stand-out dishes that i remember.  Definitely check it out if you like interesting combinations.If anyone asks where my favorite restaurant is, my response is Toro. It's *that* good. The place is FUN, the food is so tasty and unique and the service never goes wrong. The tapas are to die for -  absolute orders include the corn, the bone marrow and paella. Even though bone marrow often freaks people out, Toro's is so delicious, I've insisted complete strangers sitting next to me to try it so they could experience the amazing-ness. If you're with a group - or even if you're not - Toro has porrons, which are Spanish wine pitchers to share among the table. When those come out, the night gets real fun, real quick. Brunch here is also a Boston must - one of the most delicious huevos rancheros I've ever had and their drinks can either help cure a crazy Saturday night or kick off a Sunday funday. The one possible downside: they don't take dinner reservations. Although it's worth the wait, be prepared to wait an hour plus if you go past 6:30p on any night.Ah, to be a hip tapas place in the big city.  Toro has that young, urban vibe that is fun to part of from time to time.  It is dark, it loud, it is a living beer TV commerical that you get to play an extra in while you enjoy some tasty small plates served by tattooed hipsters.While waiting at the bar for a table I had two very good dirty martinis, which I was a little pleasantly surprised by at a Tapas place.  Professional Bartenders for sure, well played sir.Queso de Cabra - Vermont goat cheese with pistachios tomato and honey sounded a little bit better than it tasted, but I was still glad I ordered it.Croquettas de Jamon - Traditional ham croquettes with romesco and summer peas was a home run.  I will order this ever time I come here.Pato con Memobrillo  - Smoked duck drummettes with quince glaze - Duck is always good, except when it is bad and this was good, very good.These were the dishes that stuck out to me 1 bad, 2 very good.  Everything was in between.To Recap:The Good:  The bar, the atmosphere, the place is a total scene in all the best ways.  The whole night was filled with a lot of fun, a lot laughing and a lot good food.The Bad:  Parking, be prepared to wait and if you have night blindness you may not be able to read the menu.The Band This Restaurant Most Resembles: The Dropkick Murphy's.  One of Boston's best.My favorite restaurant in the city. I'm not eloquent enough to put into words how amazing the food is here. The atmosphere is very lively and the servers are attentive and very knowledgable about the menu. The wait is long every night, even cold winter Monday nights. So be prepared to get there early if you don't want to wait long. Early as in when they open. You can also put your name in in person and give them your number and they'll call you when your table is ready. So go to a local bar and have a few drinks while you wait. I've been to this place more than any other restaurants in Boston combined. You won't regret it.This is place is insane, good food, good drinks and friendly service. WARNING: The wait can be up to 2 hours, so if you can get a seat at the bar then eat there.We had the corn, the garlic shrimp, vegetable pallela and cauliflower. All which were good but the corn was probably the best.Absolutely, positively....DELICIOUS food, TERRIFFIC atmosphere. If you're looking for a great night out with a small group of people, this place is a solid home run as long as you're willing to wait 30 minutes to sit (no reservations!).  Toro is also conducive to the "first date," with enough noise to feel fun and enough flickering candlelight to feel intimate.  Can't get enough of their:  curiously strong Caipirinhas, salty hot peppers & stylishly seductive atmosphere.  Don't leave without: an order of their Corn on the Cob (it sounds like nothing special, but it's a clear fave amongst me and all my foodie friends).   What else?  Toro can be done completely affordably if you stick to the cold & hot small plates only...which I happen to prefer over the higher priced entrees anyhow.  ENJOY this SOWA border gem!This is one of my top restaurants in Boston. Ever since the first time i went a couple of years ago I jump at the chance to go when someone suggests it. It definitely is a busy place so be prepared to wait for dinner or try brunch which I have always been sat fairly quickly. Here are my top recommendations:* gambas al ajillo (shrimp)* tortilla Espanola* maiz asado con alioli y queso cotija **there is a reason every table has this*** patatas bravas* hamburgesas de kobe (burgers)* anna's empanadas* ensalada cortada (chopped salad)* Costilla De Buey (braised short rib of beef - so soft)* croquetas de bacalao (fish croquets)* for brunch choose one or two tapas to share and I recommend the huevos con salchichón please note garlic is in the majority of the dishes so this isn't the place to go when first dating someone or if your hittin the town afterwards as you will have garlic breath!Bon appetitThe best meal that I had in Boston the last time that I was there.Excellent crowded and festive atmosphere. A great wide range of spanish food -all very delicious.The roasted corn is to die for.For years my favorite Tapas place has been Taberna de Haro in Brookline.  And although it still might be my favorite, Toro is a damn close second, and if it weren't for the wait it might even take first place.  I went on a Tuesday night during a Red Sox game thinking what better time to avoid the long lines, right?  No such luck, but I admit it was well worth the wait.I know everyone raves about the Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn-on-the-cob with lime and cheese), and it is indeed amazing.  My favorite dish though was easily the Costilla de Buey (braised shortribs with prunes).  Seriously, I had dreams about this dish after eating it.  Amazing.If they could just add a few more dessert options (my sweet tooth demands satisfaction!) this place would be just about perfect.The place is small and was packed when we arrived, but luckily the rest of our party had arrived earlier so our wait went by quick as we sipped some wine at the bar (after trying the food - a long wait would have been worthwhile). These are some of the largest tapas I have ever seen. Every dish they brought to the table was amazing. The paellas, sea bass, and skirt steak were cooked and flavored to perfection. The food was amazing and the service was excellent. The amount of food and the quality of service was above and beyond the $60/person cost of our meal!I have been back to the restaurant for many dinners now.  The food is never disappointing and the drink selection is great.I really want to like Toro. Honestly I want to... I heard raves about this restaurant, so I had to check it out with my friends. But this experience of going to Toro for the first and (so far my last) time has unfortunately given me a not-so-great impression. It was around summer 2010. I came in with my friends for lunch. The ambience was slightly busy but casual and comfortable. My friends and I ordered the tapas and drinks, and we sat around. Our orders came in quite slowly...sure I could understand that my friends and I were chatting a lot and could not decide on what to get for lunch (since there were lots of delicious options!). But the speed didn't pick up all because of this one waitress. Our first 4 orders came, but when we waited for the remaining three, nothing came out for nearly 30-40 minutes after our first set was served. Our waitress told us that she'll check on our orders. When she came around, she suddenly goes to the bar and starts cleaning the table top and glasses. She completely ignored us when we tried to wave her down. What gives?! She was assigned to OUR table! We know how she looks like, so we are certain that she was supposed to be giving us service. Eventually we got a different server after 20 minutes of running around to find an available one. That was a huge waste of time! We were stuck at Toro for over 3 hours because of this terrible and slow service! Honestly, it wasn't even that busy at that time. Unacceptable!The chef did came out to apologize to us for the long wait of our orders (there was some kind of cooking-gone-wrong kind of deal). We understood that. But overall, my experience at Toro was quite lower than what I expected. I am disappointed. At least the food was delicious. The Grilled Corn was delicious. I might come back next time for one more try, and I hope my experience will be better than last time!Like all the other reviews I've read I really liked the food at Toro - the grilled corn, the paella, etc.The only downside I see is that it Toro doesn't take reservations so it can be difficult to get a table - particularly if you are a larger group - otherwise the food is very good.Love this place- always try to go here when I'm in Boston- you can be on a budget or splurge and really enjoy yourself, tapas are great because you can try so many things. The atmosphere is fun and welcoming and the food has an elegance and presentation that is so much more than what you would expect. The Chef is creative but the taste is always yummy.I had Lobster, Sea Urchin and Crab Stew, Oysters with mustard sauce and caviar and tuna with a cilantro foam- actually the Lobster stew had a neat foam too. Yum yum. Jamie Bissonnette- Chef- excellentDinner on 23 of February, the place was packed, 20 min. waiting list.Anyway we had Sangria while waiting.Then we got seated by a nice good looking waitress. The food was OK, the food resembles the spanish food, though is not really spanish.Price is ok, but wine and sangria are a bit pricey.I haven't been this impressed by a restaurant in a very long time. I had read the reviews and and Toro lives up to the 4 and 5 star  reviews. The food was amazing... corn( mind blowing), short ribs, foie gras, mussels (very fresh), tuna and skirt steak. Eggplant was OK.The red Sangria was made to perfection and the service was attentive without being pushy. Go into it knowing you will have to wait for a table, but it is worth it!!I would give this 3.5 stars if given the option....First off, the bartender (tall guy w/shaved head) was great.  Entering a packed bar and knowing you have to wait a while for friends is daunting unless the bartender notices and serves you immediately.  This was impressive considering the bar was two deep already (6:30 PM on Thursday night).  The wait was 45 minutes, which I expected.  The seating is cramped (also expected).  The food was just okay in my opinion.  Maybe because my expectations were too high.  The tuna tartare was quite simply boring.  The smoked eggplant was a bit better but again, nothing to write home about.  Luckily, the paella was very tasty to save the day.  I would say my favorite thing about this restaurant was the fact that Big Papi walked in while we were dining.I have been to this place several times and really do not get what all the hype is all about!  First time I came for restaurant week and the food was just so so, service was not memorable.  Second time I was here with a few friends on a weekend night at around 10pm, the place was super packed with people elbowing each other.  We were told that it would be a 1 hour wait for a table for 3.  So we decided to go over to the bar to get a drink.  It took us 20 mins to order the drink because we couldn't get the attention of the waiter.  Overall, food might be ok, but in my opinion service is horrible.Tasca on commonwealth definitely have better food and way better service.  They are accessible by T and also have cheap valet parking.  I highly recommend going to Tascas instead if you want great tapas without the stress of being bumped by someone every 5 secondsI am not much of a word smith , but her it goes.I LOVE this place!!!!ps...expect a long wait.My friend Lily, was yelping her little heart away the night we went to Toro. We met up with some of my Boston friends and had such a wonderful time there. Now I don't know about you, but I love tapas because you can try almost everything on the menu and not feel guilty.Let's start with their amazing cocktail.... I've actually only tried one and it's called the Nantucket Mule. That drink was amazing. I wish I could tell you what was in it, but I only remember one ingredient.... alcohol. LOL. I had 4 of these little suckers! Yummy.Onto the menu. We ordered so many things for 7 people. I would recommend everyone to try the corn dish. OMG, coming from California we have a lot of Mexican "elotes." These ware up to par! My favorite. The paella was ok, I've had better. There is a duck dish that was amazing!!! And a yummy beef dish with a kick of lime. Delicious! Locals, I will forever be jealous until I get to go back to Boston. If you haven't tried this little gem, you need too!We ordered (and I uploaded photos of most of the below if you'd like to taste with your eyes!):--Pan con tomate(Toasted bread rubbed with tomato and garlic, finished with Spanish olive oil and sea salt)Simple, delicate, and delectable.--Lengua con Lentejas y Salsa Verde(Smoked river rock beef tongue with lentils and salsa verde)Think the texture of raw tuna with the delicate taste of mild corned beef. I know, weird. But delish.--Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija(Grilled corn with aioli, lime, espelette pepper, and aged cheese)Holy corn. This must have been what the Indians fed the Pilgrims, because I would have killed for this.--Hamburguesas de Kobe(Mini burgers with smoked tomato, aioli, and pickled red onion)Softest, juiciest meat I've had since Johnny Depp. Oh, that was just a dream.--Asado de Huesos(Roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmalade)Funnily enough, the only word I didn't like in the description was "marmalade." Marrow is fatty but not greasy. Buttery but not oily. It was impeccably seasoned and a true highlight of our meal.--Mollejas(Crispy veal sweetbread with blood orange and cinnamon)So light, bursting with flavor and texture. Amazing that it was only one short bite.----Pato con Membrillo(Smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze)SO SO my favorite. Sweet, crispy, rich.--Churros con Chocolate(Airy crisp fried pastry with chilli-infused chocolate)The only disappointment for me. (My partner was quick to disagree with me on this one; he couldn't get enough.) But I like my churros blanketed in cinnamon and if you tell me you're going to give me chilli chocolate, I want a zing on my aftertaste buds.Now, I LOVE everything about this place and so I preface with this: Toro may not be for everyone. It gets very crowded; you may have to wait over an hour for a table; the tapas is as authentic as it gets (no lobster ravioli, kids).That all being said, Toro is a warm, dimly lit and lively restaurant that is reasonably priced both for food and drink, and has BY FAR the best tapas in Boston (as in the closest thing this side of Madrid).A plate of Jamon Serran Redondo Iglesias, Patatas Bravas, Pan Con Tomate, and a couple glasses of house red. A meal I could eat day and night...and Toro does it better than anyone.Went to Toro for lunch today. Food was delicious. Service was awful.Wait staff could not have cared if we were there or not. One waitress seemed so solemn and angry. Another forgot to put in our order and never said she was sorry. Never refilled our drinks or our bread~the sauces are too good NOT to dunk. Too many other good places in the South End to give it another chance. Too bad!Food=4 starsService=-1I wish I could update this review to 0 stars, or even negative 2 stars. This place is completely ridiculous. I was really looking forward to updating this review with a more positive experience, but Toro has hit yet another strike with me.So, after last week's debacle, I try to make a reservation for the following week. I call the restaurant TWICE during their hours of operation, and I get the voice mail both times. The second time I left a message (4 days in advance to when I wanted to make the reservation) detailing exactly what I wanted: A reservation for 2 for Friday night at 6PM. I left my phone number and everything. So, after not hearing back, I e-mail them to let them know that I had called twice to no avail, so I figured e-mail would be the next best choice. **SIDE BAR**Ok, Issue #1, why am I chasing you down to make a reservation? Aren't I the customer? Shouldn't it be YOU who's trying to get MY business? I don't understand why I have to jump through hoops. I felt like I was trying to get into some exclusive nightclub.********** Finally, I get an email respond from one of the employees offering a watered-down apology and telling me that they were all booked up. Ummm, really?Toro, f*ck you.Signed... SincerelyI love Toro & Ken Oringer is my hero! If you're an adventurous eater, this place has it all. Cow tongue, tripe, sweetbreads - I mean - he seriously uses every part of the animal. It might be a vegan/vegetarian's worst nightmare, but there are options here for them, too. I was actually vegetarian before Ken tempted me with his delicious braised short rib... mmm... short rib. And how about the cocktail menu! YES!! Amazing!Crowded as hell, but worth the wait! Good for couples who are craving a "scene" but still want a sense of intimacy... it's loud, but you can still have a private conversation, which is nice. Definitely hip. Definitely unusual, and definitely unforgettable.I might come across as somewhat critical of Toro because I lived in Spain and have eaten amazing tapas. But let me assure you, Toro serves delicious food in a trendy atmosphere.We ordered a number of dishes, including their famous corn slathered in aioli mayonnaise, croquettes, seafood paella, and garlic shrimp (gambas al ajillo). We ordered this funky pitcher of sangria with a long nozzle where you gradually lift the pitcher higher and higher as a feat of awesomeness. If you can manage to raise the pitcher a few inches above your mouth while keeping the sangria flowing in your mouth, consider yourself a disciple of the Most Interesting Man in the World.Authenticity:- Gambas al ajillo is an authentic tapa, and it was great; dip the bread in the sauce and you'll be in heaven- Paella is authentic, though I'd like to know how much saffron was used since many places don't use saffron because of its high price- Croquettes are authentic- I didn't have anything like the corn in Spain, but it was tasty though a bit too much of mayonnaiseWe waited for about an hour to get a table, and the experience was worth returning. I wish there was more light in there to read the menu!Why you should go:You can spend $4.  If you think it sucks, leave.After coming back from four months in Barcelona I had to try this place based on the reviews. All I really have to say is, meh.  Food was only alright, service was poor, congested seating, loud. What's with all the hype?Every time i visit Boston, i have to go to this restaurant - i just love the ambience, the creative and delicious tapas and the great Spanish wines. You must check it out but be prepared to wait...OH SWEET JESUS. This place was the BEST Tapas I've had i a long long while. We waited 1.5hrs and it was severely worth it.We got a ton of food:Uni Bocadillo - A MUST have if you love Uni. It was mind blowingly good.Definitely a creative way to taste Uni, I hate UNI but I gave it a second shot with this dish and it worked for me.Pate De Conejo - Rabbit Pate, this was lovely, not gamey at all, firm texture, I was pleasantly surprised. (portion was small tho)Serrano Ham & Iowa raised ham - MOUTHWATERING, each bite left me wanting more. Sliced thin, right amount of intense saltiness. Generous board portion.Queso Cotija Corn: Sweet, cheesy, succulent corn on the cob, charred to perfection and smothered with LOVE. Roasted Bone Marrow: good, not the best I've had it was a little more salty than I expected. BUT the shredded beef toasts on the side were FREAKING amazing! Serve me a plate of that and I'm set. The meat tasted like it had been slow cooked for days, simmering in its beefy goodness.Panza De Cerdo - Roasted Pork Belly. Good solid dish, not my fave but good.Asparagus - DAMN unassuming spears of asparagus? YUmmie. fresh, good mix of crunch from the green almonds and pickled ramps.Garbanzo Con Chorizo - Husband said it was the best chorizo he ever had, not a ton of orange grease, super flavorful down right comfort food, savory Garbanzos. Though I think this could have benefited from some pan fried crisp garbanzo's sprinkled on top. That's how I make it at home.Special of the day: Braised Short Rib Paella - Amazing! savory, morsels of mushy risotto type rice with a burnt nutty bottom. Tender braised short rib meat throughout the dish gave it that "I want a bowl of this on a very cold rainy day" feel. hell I'd eat it any day tho.Fried Churos - These were tasty, nothing different. Just simple classic churos and chocolate sauce. Would have been cool if they spiked the chocolate sauce with brandy or orange.All in All....I want to eat here again! worth the flight from Austin. This is on my list of places to eat when I'm over there. The restaurant is loud VERY loud, and full of energy, but I didn't care because the food rocked my world.Tapas rock because the small portions allow you to try many different items on the menu.  Instead of choosing one dish you can choose many-- perfect for foodies and those open to trying new things.  Toro does a nice job of providing many creative & delicious morsels. Good location, fun vibe,  & friendly staff that provides input on their favorite dishes.  Totally solid place to eat. The prosciutto/ date dish was awesome... more sweet than ham.  The grilled corn is a must try item.  I enjoyed the tripe dish as well-- got this on the recommendation of the server.Check this place out!Lots of good tapas to choose from and experienced bartenders. There can be a wait and the crowd can be a bit fancy pants... but not out of place for the neighborhood.Whether you go early or late on a weekend or weekday, this place is always busy and lively.  The communal tables are fun, but I enjoy sitting at the bar the most.Of all the dishes I've tried, the grilled corn is my favorite.  Something about a few drinks and the corn just make it the Toro experience.  Jamon Iberico is also sliced super thinly and divine.  Griddled garlic shrimp is also tasty and satisfying. They used to have something interesting with squid ink, but it doesn't appear to be on the menu anymore. Cocktails are pretty strong and creative.I need to go back and try the paella... I always fill up on tapas and drinks before I can get around to ordering it.During a great trip out to Boston to visit my cousins, they took me to Toro (a trendy tapas place). The seating was cozy and the night was warm (perfect weather for shorts and tank tops).The dishes were pretty good, not the best tapas I've had (SF has great competition). The sangria (to be honest) was the most bland sangria I've ever tasted. BUT there were a couple of dishes that were pretty tasty:- Corn (it's covered with an amazing sauce)- Ahi Tartar- Croquettas (potato)Heavenly.Not sure which is better?  The speciality bar drinks or the creative, endless list of tapas.I will leave it to the more eloquent and creative writers to 'sell' you on trying this place.  I hope you skip this place so there will be more room for me.I've tried maybe ten of their tapas... Some really nice Spanish gastropub stuff going on here... All nice, highlights were the pork belly... Still haven't tried the paella, but one day I will. My cheap ass tends to get the same thing every time these days...1.00 PBR Tall boys and the grilled corn. F-Yes Kids, this is where its at... This means my accomplice and I can get drunk and snack for 10 or 12 bucks. Nice design, industrial modern Spanish sort of, go early or late when it's not packed.  Stepped in one sunday afternoon with a friend and realized it was gay day at toro. A guy in a speedo came out of the back and poored wine down our throats.We waited an hour to eat but I would have happily waited another hour just to enjoy this amazing meal. Maybe it was my Pink Poodle drink (ok 3...) or the fact that it was my birthday... but this was one of my most enjoyable meals in Boston. Attentive service from the hostess to bartender to waitress, beautiful ambience, and amazing amazing food. Tapas are one of those things that you usually worry about ordering the right thing- but its ok bc you order so much that you deal with one or two being off- not at Toro! EVERYTHING we had was amazing. The corn, the dates, the empanadas, and that amazing Valencia Paella were all perfect. And it is here that I learned why churros are so popular! (because it certainly wasn't from one of those revolving cases you find near the checkout of Target or Sam's club)I can't wait to come back!I want to really like this place a lot more but I'm over the waiting 3 hours to eat somewhere kinda place. The tapas were spectacular and that kobe slider was just heaven in my mouth.  I will say tho, the corn wasn't as good as Cafe Habana in NYC. This place is definitely worth it if you have the patience to wait. NOT a good place to go catch up with a good friend because it is loud. More of a place to be seen. One more note: the tapas are pretty big portions!Man, I love this place. I went on a Tuesday when it was 15 degrees outside - boom! No wait. But we took the last two seats available.My gf hadn't been, so I ordered my favorites from last time: the corn (they MUST put crack in this), the bone marrow with oxtail (succulent), and the eggplant dish (delicious). We also ordered the pork belly and the fried oysters, and both were amazing. For some reason, I wasn't a huge fan of the churros last time, but, this time, I converted! Fried dough covered in cinnamon and sugar, and dipped in melted dark chocolate - what more can you ask for! My gf was very happy at the end of the meal.I promise, next time I'll try some of the tuna dishes. I keep putting that off. And I'm still looking for a more adventurous eater who will go with me and try the beef tongue, the uni, and the pork heart. Hopefully next time...Oh, and they now have Jamon Iberico de Bellota (ham from acorn-fed Spanish pigs that is a delicacy). It'll cost you $35/plate, though. Maybe you can tell me if you try it.I must say, this place is overrated. Went for restaurant week, everything was fine, but generally not worth the wait and price. Was excited to order the uni, and foie but was disappointed by both. The papas bravas were excellent and the corn was pretty tasty, I'd go back, but only if I could walk right in. But not worth the hype.Toro, toro, toro. I was so looking forwarding to eating your spanish tapas and transporting myself to my European adventures years ago. Unfortunately, I didn't leave the dreary cold Boston south-end.Hubby and walked into Toro to a packed lunch seating. Honestly, it doesn't bother me that much that they don't take reservations. Toros atmosphere is very casual/trendy (waiters in jeans and black shirts, metal chairs) so first come first serve works for them and the vibe they are going for. All the tables were taken and we were happy to sit at the bar. Ambience is very very nice! Really like the exposed brick look with a hammered mirror on one side, and a long bar with a chalkboard of specials on the other. I commented to my hubby that I love how they picked only wine bottles with red, orange and yellow labels to display! The toros all over the place were cute but not clique. There's a prep area at the end of the restaurant, that we were informed by a friend of the chefs who was sitting next to us, that they use to cut up whole pigs at. Interesting. Tables are family style. We didn't sit at a table but I could see how annoying it would be for romantic date night where you're sitting 6 inches away from a stranger... Seemed like they were a bit understaffed for lunch. One hostess/waitress and the bartender, so it took a little while for someone to come over and take our orders. Both of us ordered cocktails. I tried their house made (i believe) hibiscus tequila in mine and very much enjoyed its lingeringly sweet aftertaste. Both came in highball glasses that were perfect for the cocktails we ordered but the guy next to us was served a glass of red wine and it came in a highball too. Again I understand the casual, trendy look - but if I order wine I want my red wine in a real wine glass please.Ok, we ordered:Pan con Tomate- Toasted bread with crushed tomatoes, garlic and olive oil on it. A spanish take on bruchetta. Hubby was annoyed at the seasoning. It seemed they just threw salt onto it. One bite was really salty, the next bland, the next perfect. frustrating.Datiles con Jamon- This was mouthful of heaven. Dates, bluecheese, almonds. Perfect mixture. If only I didn't have the thought in the back of my head "damn this 1 bite is $3"...Corazon a la Plancha: Best thing we had on the menu! Hands down! The beef heart was moist, tender and flavorful. The romesco sauce paired perfectly with it. Get over that you're eating beef heart and try it!Gambas al Ajillo: YUCK! I love shrimp. I love living in Boston where fresh seafood is at your backdoor. I hated this! First you can't just plop sauce on top of shrimp and expect it to taste good. You need to marinate it so the flavors soak down into the shrimp. We got 4 large shrimp in this bowl of red liquid. The sauce had no flavor. No heat, no spice, no salt, and saddest of all no acid! The worst was when you pick up the shrimp the sauce slides off and you're left with a totally plain (rather fishy smelling) shrimp and a big mess all over the table. Don't order.Anna's Empanadas: Chicken and potato empanadas. Tasty, but nothing to write home about. I don't know what they were going for but the crust was cornmeal so I felt like I was eating a big corndog with no seasoning. Wish that the aioli had more flavor too.Milanesa Bocadillo: Chicken sandwich with avocado and beans. What really made me sad was the chicken was FRIED, which meant the more we ate the greasier it got. Then they threw a whole avocado in the sandwich, unseasoned just a raw avocado. Which made the sandwich dry and tasteless. I desperately wanted a little heat, a little sauce to dip the sandwich, in a little lime on the avocado, something! I had to keep chugging my drink to get it down. The ambience is great, but you have to have great food as well in order to charge the crazy prices they charged. Def had buyers remorse when we got our tab. Was what we ate worth that price? We both decided no. Enjoyed trying this place and can see how the masses love the new concept and are lining up try it, but don't think that we'll be back; especially if we have to wait and hour to get in for mediocre service and unflavored food. I was missing the Spain I visited where every bite of food was filled with interesting spices and tastes that you can't find anywhere but Spain...I went for lunch, which wasn't too busy.  The staff was very courteous and helpful.  I tried there soup, which was amazing!I also go there cheese burger.  It has a salmon puree sauce on top.  It was a pretty stellar cheese burger.Alot of there lunch menu isn't too crazily priced, and it's very good.Omg.  Omg.  OMG!  Go here.  Don't think about it.  Don't try to pronounce the items on the menu.  Just go, sit where they can fit you and prepare yourself for a culinary journey unlike any other.  Love it to death for their variety, execution, and inspired cocktails and consider it worthy of a bit of extra money on a special night.  Even after three years of Spanish, I can not pronounce half of the edible delights on the menu.  Last time, I just wrote my order on a piece of paper to save myself the embarrassment of ordering 12 Tapas.  The waiter was pleased, and so was my stomach.  What are you doing still reading this?  Go already!!As someone with a short attention span (yes I admit it!), I love the concept of tapas. This was my second time trying tapas, first time at this location and this place definitely blew the roof off of the first one. I won't say where the other place is because it was also good (just not as good) but even without the comparison, Toro is great on it's own.I love the decor! It's so festive, quirky, and rustic. The tapas themselves depend on your preferences. I personally did not enjoy the cured ham and did not think it was worth the $11 we paid for it but I've had a great experience with the other dishes. I'd definitely recommend the Hummus, Tortilla Espanola, Anna's Empanadas, Patatas Bravas, Hamburguesas, and the beef tongue tapas. The fried potatoes and beef tongue are duking it out to win my taste bud's favorite Toro tapas award. Sooo yummy! I've gone here for brunch/lunch but would love to try it for dinner/drinks sometime.Conclusion: good service, great atmosphere, and delicious food. I wouldn't come here regularly since it gets kind of pricey but I would for special occasions and would definitely bring friends who've never tried this place.I love this Boston tapas restaurant. Both times I've been, it's left a big impression. The maiz asado (corn with cheese) is amazing. I love their croquetas too-- it's like being back in Spain. I tried the uni bocadillo as well, which was unusual but tasty. They also serve Tinto de Verano. It's the only place in the US I've seen it (I had forgotten about it!), so of course I had to get some, despite the chilly night. You pretty much can't go wrong with any of the tapas. They don't take reservations, though, so expect a bit of a wait.It's been a solid 2 months since I was here with 2 girlfriends during a visit to Beantown for a wedding, but I am still dreaming about the grilled corn with that delicious aioli, cheese, and whatever else. We came in here after a long day shopping and walking around, and we were so happy to learn that since we arrived around 4:45, we wouldn't have to wait long for a table! As they don't do reservations, it's all done on a first come first serve basis. We loved the tiny place--they certainly decorated well given the small space!Between the 3 of us, we had the empanadas, jamon, marinated olives, croquettas, patatas bravas, filete a la plancha, garlic shrimp, asparagus and egg, and the costilla de buey short ribs. Oh, and those heavenly corn... The food was as good as I've had in Barcelona and Madrid.  The only dish that was slightly disappointing was the Costilla de Buey...the shortribs were good, but the chilled farro didn't do anything for me.But otherwise, a great meal! Tapas done right.My fellow yelpers were correct.  The corn was amazing!  I've definitely never had anything like it.  I also saw many reviews mentioning the calimochas (red wine and coke).  I was a bit skeptical at first, but my curiosity got the better of me.  It was amazing as well.  I've tried to replicate both of these items, but my versions aren't nearly as good as Toro'sMy friend and I also tried the octupus, eggplant, garlic shrimp and pan con tomate.  Everything was excellent!I'll definitely get the corn and a calimocha next time I go, but for other tapas, I may try some different dishes.At many tapas places in Boston, you pay big dollars for insubstantial and unsatisfying dishes.  I've had half of the menu at Toro, and haven't picked wrong yet.  It may not be inexpensive like good tapas abroad, but every dish is substantial and delicious.  Far and away the best tapas in Boston.The grilled corn stands out as a unique dish that will appeal to most tastes.oh Toro how you tug at my heart. A cold windy afternoon - post ballet matinee... the bright sky dimming but still too early for dinner.  In your door early while only the bar could help but there's plenty to choose from while the hearty kitchen smells and the wood fire keep us company with the wine list. Settled on a Mallorcan offering  An/2 a 2008 from Anima Negra- both refined and hearty and lingering long on our palates as our bodies warm from the wind and cold outside- not surprisingly the result of old vines and the warmth of a new friend caring soulfully for us tonight.  Dinner began with a surprising reinvention of a Caesar salad highlighted by a delicate tahini-miso dressing, mahon cheese and carrot and a mild radish thrown  in hearts of romaine and slivers of grilled crouton.  Toro you had our attention at the first mouthful.In quick succession -Pinchos and Tapas Calientes of: Medjool dates with almonds and a delicate blue cheese all wrapped in the thinnest Serrano ham  that marries flavors almost miraculously well.Grilled corn and allioli with lime, pepper and aged cheese that changed my view of corn on the cobPork pate with a fine whole grain mustard and Basque cider all mopped up with an airy crusted peasant bread.By now Toro our limbs fully restored by your fires, liberal red wine, solicitous care (by Andy and the rest of the staff at the bar,) we faced the Everest of the meal:a half order of Valenciana Paella and a long simmered Costilla a la Cazadora.The former a symphony of seafood, chorizo and chicken over a decidedly smoky Calasparra rice- divine oh Toro the latter a sherry braised beef short rib, with shallot-like pot onion, tomato and maitake mushrooms all of which demanded to be wiped from the cast iron with more bread.oh Toro if you were the last meal on earth we could linger over we would die happy...The second time we've been to Toro and I think it's going to become a must dine place every time we visit Boston. Some of the best food I've had--both times. Great selection of interesting dishes that are a little different and really outstanding.  Do not miss the Mexican street corn. Equally interesting selection of Spanish and South American wines. Expect to wait for a table.  It's chaotic and noisy which adds to the experience if you go with the flow.  Ask the people next to you what they had and liked. We got there around six on a Sunday and would have had a 45 minute wait if we hadn't got seats at the bar. That worked out extremely well and the bartenders took great care of us.Wine, trendy folks and tapas can sum up Toro.I love the South End, and Toro is a great spot. This place gets crowded Thursday-Saturday nights, so it's best to go on a "non date night" but that doesn't mean you still need to wait a few minutes for a table.  The bone marrow, shrimp, and grilled street corn are just a few of my favorites. Be prepared to sit, drink and eat for an extensive amount of time; this is the type of place that food envy sets in when you see what people around you are ordering.This place mostly "after work", with fun trendy people. In the few times I've gone, I've never seen anyone leave dissapointed in their meal, and everyone I talk to "loves" Toro. Be prepared to spend money; you're also paying for the atmosphere.This is a review just for their brunch service which to many is their secret. One excellent attraction is the fact that it opens earlier than other brunch places. At 10:30AM - it is one of the very few Sunday gourmet brunch places available. I sampled the banana milk drink. It is quite yummy. The banana taste is from real ripe bananas. The tiny black "spots" from the banana flesh is in the drink. I can't believe I've never thought of this combination at my own house. The drink is not very sweet, even with some ice, it is quite creamy and rich.For the entree, we had the Tortilla Espanola and the Hamberguesas de Kobe. The tortilla espanola tastes heavenly. It is really scrambled eggs with thin slices of potatoes and onions baked in the shape of a cake. The eggs are moist and the mix with the potatoes, onions were incredible. It also comes with a very healthy, delicious salad greens with white raisins and pine nuts.The Kobe mini burgers were cooked medium rare with a wonderful sweet sauce. The entire thing is juicy and tasty. We were very happy with this experience. There was no wait lines. We can't wait to try it again!When I first reviewed Toro, I was disappointed with the hype versus the actual product. I even stated in my review that maybe it was just an off night, but my party plus another group of friends I had casually run into there on the same night, we all agreed we couldn't see what people were raving over. And I chalked it up to being overhyped in the word-of-mouth reviews that had not only sent me there, but had guided my order through the most popular and praised menu items. I have to say I was right. It was an off night. I have been back many times since that first visit (never returning on a Thursday, however...just in case it was the off night luck a specific day of the week. Supersticious much?) The things I said in my original review still hold true: You cannot beat the price for the tapas. The drinks are good, but they will run up the tab if you are not careful. Otherwise, great food, and an easy choice to bring out-of-towners when visiting, as it is always a hit. From picky to adventurous eaters, bring them all, and the variety is great. A friend of mine who lived in Spain (=knows authentic tapas) rated it as one of his top 10 best meals ever...we ordered every semi-exotic-sounding item on the menu...and how can you not when you see the board of bone marrow passing your table?And Sunday brunch is perfectly portioned and relaxed. The selection of brunch itself is limited, but the regular fare is available. My favorite: Huevos rancheros with a side order of the grilled avocado thrown on top. Get a blood orange mimosa in my hand when I walk through the door, and I am happy as a churro in Disneyland. The day ambiance is relaxed, but the busy rush of the dinner hour is also electric.On a side note, I have witnessed people wait up to 3.5 hours for a table here, which proved to me there is no time limit too long to wait for Toro.Best tapas in boston, hands down. Get the grilled corn with aioli.  It's amazing.Best drink: La Verdad y Amor.  It's like a nice semi-spicy margarita.Miss this place since moving to Somerville. Hoping to find really good cuisine out here though too!I've been wanting to try Ken Oringer's Toro (next to Mike's City Dinner) in the South End for some time. Not only known for the tapas (small plates), paella, sangria, they have the best churros.Dessert first. Alas, I have found the best churros in Boston at Toro. Thin, crispy, thin and dusted with sugar and cinnamon. They are served with a side dish of orange liqueur flavored chocolate. Although the churros are tasty with the dipping chocolate, they are perfect eating them alone.At the Luxardo brunch, with special Italian and Spanish fusion dishes, we chose huevos rancheros, Italian bolognese patatas bravas, jamon wrapped dates and elote (mexican corn).My favorite savory dish of the brunch was the bolognese patatas bravas. The potatoes were crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and sopped up the red sauce. The runny yolk of the egg on the bolognese gave an additional richness to the already luxurious dish.The medjool datiles were filled with Marcona almonds and Cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in Jamon Serrano. The blue cheese was slightly too strong, but overall the saltiness of the jamon and sweetness of the dates were similar to eating a fleur de sel caramel.The huevos rancheros were served in a cast iron skillet with the toasted tortillas on the side, versus in within the dish. The crema, salsa roja and runny eggs were a bit too watery, but the flavor with cotija cheese and black beans was balanced.I had such high expectations for the corn, but unfortunately the grilled corn was not fresh (most of the kernals were dry) and slathered with too much aioli, to the point it was overpowering the lime and cotija and difficult to enjoy without removing a majority of the aioli.I'm in love with this place. The only reason I gave it a 4 star is because every time I went there I had to wait, some times for a very long time. The food is ohhhhh---soooo----good good. The pork belly, the corn, the potatoes, the fish, the mini burgers, the dates in bacon.......everything I had every time makes me want to go back for more (but yes I'm always daunted by the long wait time and the crowd....) The drinks there are really amazing too, so far all the mixed cocktails I had were quite memorable. I love TORO. If someone can solve the "I waited forever" problem I probably will be there at least once a week..... One of my favorite in town! Go check it out!Ordered from the RW menu. Having arrived at 12 and seeing only 4 or 5 people seated I first felt foolish for making a reservation... but as soon as I sat down the place filled up.Pinchos - Dates were really quite humongous. Strong hint of blue cheese which went well with the bacon wrapping. The smoked heart came sliced (somehow I had envisioned it cubed instead) on a very crispy bit of bread, with a mild romesco. Very nice and well presented, if a wee bit salty.Tapas - Shrimp were great! The sauce was soooo good I kept dipping my bread in it.The eggplant was very very tasty, wish it came in a larger serving. Mussels were all right, a bit small and about half of them were just shell and no meat. A little disappointing considering I just had some fantastic mussels last week at Aquitaine (also with chorizo!). The bone marrow dish was superbly presented, modern + rustic at the same time. The beef had a slight tang to it, quite interesting. I can't say the marrow tasted particularly spectacular - it just tasted like marrow. But the presentation really made it shine.Dessert - Manchego was nice, the membrillo was extremely sweet. Churro was pretty standard tasting, the chocolate sauce was thick and not too sweet.Overall quite a nice experience! However we did unfortunately run into a small cockroach that made its way onto window ledge we were right next to - boyfriend was quick to put  a bowl over it, after which a member of the staff helpfully came to remove it. No one apologized about the cockroach, though. Hmm.My girlfriends co-worker recommended this place and I am glad she did. We got there around 5:30 and they were not seating tables yet but we gave them our name and ordered a drink at the bar. I got the Verdad Y Amor (hibiscus tequila with ginger and lime) it was a very good drink that wasn't too sweet and you could very much taste the tequila. I am not sure what they add to the salt for the rim, but it was very good, and I usually hate salted rims. As soon as we paid they were seating tables and we did not have to wait long. The service was very quick and as soon as we finished the bread, someone came over with another plate of it. Every time we finished a plate someone quickly took it away. Everything we got was very tasty and the corn was amazing. The Crudo was really good and I dipped my bread in the sauce that was left over from it. Our two drinks were $22 (she got wine) and our food was $38. This is definitely a place I plan on going to again. What I ate, in order of what I liked the best.Maiz Asado con Alioli (grilled corn)--You have to get it!Atun Crudo (yellowfin tuna)Patp Con Membrillo (duck drumettes)Corazon (smoked beef heart)Great selection.  Something for everyone.The best picks:- the grilled corn - sloppy but i wouldnt have it any other way..- anchovies.  i die for these.- shrimp - sauce was delish- sweetbreads.. loved that familiar but unexpected black bean- marrow (good and gorgeous presentation, but not my thing), uni sandwich (ditto), tuna belly (great but nothing special), burger (too many other good things going on)Win.been here a bunch of times.  we always order the uni bocadillo, because uni rules the world. i've had better corn at street festivals in nyc for half the price. the corn here seems to be missing acid, and i have to ask for a million lime slices to reach the balance that i prefer. everything else is very good though. minus one star because it is really loud and dark inside.Every single bite, every single sip -- this is, truly, a great restaurant. Service, energy, location.. dynamite. Shrimp, peppers, asparagus, tuna, cod, cheese, corn, Pisco Sour (with egg whites!), Estrella beer, all heartbreakingly scrumptious.I'm joining the fan club here.For a tapas place, the servings were huge! I went with the Yelpers and decided to give the grilled corn a try. Seriously...I could make a meal out of those suckers!Although everything we ordered was quite tasty, I am sad to report that the little tomato salad that they called one of their specials for the night was a sad, sad, sad litle salad. For $12 you got 3 slices of tomato with some green sauce. Eh, I would much rather order another serving of the corn or potatoes!Be sure to go early or be prepared for a wait. They don't take reservations and even on a Monday night this place was packed by 6:30pm.This is not Spanish food. When you dig into a paella with a spoon you should be able to turn the spoon upside down without anything falling onto the table. My paella was soupy; more like a bouillabaisse. I've been to six Spanish cities and have never seen paella like this. The tapas were nothing special either. Kobe beef sliders were the best dish sampled.However, Toro is a great place for drinksThe wait was extreme, but the mojitos at the bar made it worthwhile.  Some of the food comes in strange portion sizes; the cauliflower came in a decent sized bowl but the omelet portions were not enough to share, three small squares.  Overall, delicious and worth the price.Don't leave here without getting the corn, and leave enough time so that you can order a second serving once you realize how amazing it is.Best tapas in Boston hands down.  If you have any choice, go to Toro (not Dali or Tapeo).  Great for vegetarians also, many options.  Almost always a wait but worth it especially if you order their white wine sangria.  The yellowfish tuna is amazing, as is the corn that everyone talks about.  One of the best things you will ever eat.Visited Toro for the first time last week for a friend's b-day dinner, and it was definitely a great choice. I was so excited to see they carried Estrella Damm beer (having just recently gotten back from my first trip to Spain, this beer is my new discovery), so that set a great tone for the rest of the meal for me. We're all tapas freaks, so we knew the drill going in but were still a bit overwhelmed by the menu because everything sounded delicious. I usually hate crowded noisy chaotic places, but I actually liked the vibe of Toro, it had a touch of Spanish authenticity to it a lot of tapas joints around here don't. Nothing we ate was bad by any means; for my three dishes (no we don't share, get your own plate!), I got the corn which is amaaaazing obviously, the tortilla (a solid authentic dish, as expected), and the razor clams special (good, not great). My friends also raved about the gambas (both versions) and the patatas bravas.As has been mentioned, the portion size totally varies; one order of the corn could feed an army, while the tortilla contained only three tiny bites, and the clams were somewhere in between. Service was fantastic, I remarked to my friends "I wish we had more bread to finish off the corn sauce with" and our waitress overheard and promptly brought us a whole new plate of it before I had barely finished my sentence. Score, thanks!The only fail of the dinner was the churros, which tasted like bacon, I kid you not (and not in a good way)... we couldn't figure out whether it was the oil they had been fried in, or the chocolate dipping sauce, or what, but they were just not good at all. Disappointing ending to a great meal, but I guess it serves us right for being fatties and going for dessert...[Update: a return visit for RW was just as excellent. A must try.]A little on the pricey side, but WELL worth it. We had a little bit of everything in true Spanish tapas style.Starting with the ham wrapped fig stuffed with bleu cheese! Delishous, the perfect combination of salty sweet, and I normally wouldn't have even tried it, but it came recommended.Then the corn on the cob with the aoli. There are not many ways to do corn wrong and this was soooooooooooooo right. DO NOT leave here without the corn.Patatas Bravas is a must, delicious and simple.Last but not least the Veggie Paella with Chicken and Chorizo. WOW. Let's just say I have never had anything that tasted sooo good before. I've even had paella in Spain that wasn't as tasty as this fantastic dish.I almost forgot to talk about the churros with chocolate sauce...do I need say more about that other than, duhhhh!Come here and leave happy. And of course, no meal would be complete without a little Sangria. Not the best sangria but came with a pear and went well with the delicious food!  BRAVO and Salud!Took my boyfriend here after wanting to try this place for a few months now.  We both had a great time.  I knew they didn't take reservations, so we came on the early side - around 6pm.  It was still packed, but we only waited for about 5 minutes for a table.  We ate inside, although the weather was nice and the outdoor seating was brimming with people.  Both of us had wine and were both pleased with our selections.  They serve all Spanish wine.  He had the Chardonnay and I had the Mencia. The Mencia was like nothing I have tried.  Very good.   We split the corn; the dates w/ almond + blue cheese, wrapped in ham; duck drumstick; empanadas w/ chicken and potato; and the bone marrow w/ oxtail marmalade; and the oysters. We both LOVED the corn and dates in particular.  We did not enjoy the bone marrow so much, but everything else was very good.  Service was nice as well. I will definitely come back to try more of Boston's TOP tapas!Finally! One point for Boston. I've been missing SF food since I moved out here a few months ago but now I have hope.  Even waiting for an hour for a table didn't cloud my experience.The food here is fantastic.  Thoughtful, creative, comforting, satisfying, DELICIOUS.  It's a fun, lively atmosphere too so grab (a few) friends and drink some wine over dinner.  The prices are reasonable too: $40/person including wine and tip (we ordered a lot).+Pimiento de padron: I love these fried peppers.  My only gripe of the night was that on our 3rd (yes, third) order, the kitchen got a little hurried and undercooked the peppers.+Rabbit pate: just try it! Yum.+Tuna tartare: normally quite boring, but this one was something to fight over at the table.+Salt crusted sea bass stuffed with fresh herbs: get it. share it. love it.+Roasted corn with chili, lime, cheese, and butter: house specialty - don't skip this one!Everything we ordered was good and we ordered half the menu, so thumbs up on this one :)Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija.  Translation: grilled corn with heaven slathered all over it!This dish is the reason to get to the South End at 5:00 on a Saturday or Sunday for dinner.  The wait here can be easily 45 minutes starting at 5:30pm of any given weekend night.Go early, have some pitchers of sangria and get your eat on!Other standout tapas:Uni Bocadillo (how can you go wrong with miso butter?!)Asado de Huesos (clearly this is not the place to go if in any way watching your calories) One to pass on:Ostras en Escabeche (I've had better oysters in Boston)Spanish tapas are win =D6 pm, Saturday night, ~30 minute wait for a party of 2.  Just enough time to walk up to Stella for a drink to fire up my appetite.Must-try:Pato con Membrillo (Smoked duck drummettes with quince glaze)*packed with flavor and the meat fell right off the bone)Hamburguesas de Kobe (Mini burgers with smoked tomato, alioli and pickled red onion)  *beef was so tender!*Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (Grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese) *not as much kick as I was hoping for and on the creamier side, but very good nonetheless and you gotta try the house specialty*Escalivada Catalana (Marinated wood roasted eggplant, onions, peppers, and tomatoes with sherry vinegar and olive oil)*an unexpected and refreshing change of pace being a cold dish and perfect with the bread*Good, but not necessarily worth a revisit:Paella Valenciana*worth a shot if you've never had paella before, but it's actually a bit on the small side given the cost*Panza de Cerdo (Crispy pork belly with sunchoke, escargots, fava beans and smoked maple crumble)*perfectly crispy skin and great flavors from the sunchoke, escargot and fava beans, but the meat itself was a little dry*Erizos en Suquet (Catalan stew of sea urchin, lobster and crab meat)*fresh seafood and nice, light texture, but the flavors weren't the greatest*The service was exceptional too with prompt refills on bread and water, timely plating changes, and a helpful waiter when it came to dish recommendations.  Overall, a really fun and lively place for dinner.  Just be sure to get here on the earlier side if you don't want to wait over an hour!Everyone talks about the corn - and yes, while it is amazing, the rest of the menu has much to offer.  On this visit I was able to try the grilled shrimp which left me wanting more.  I always get the hummus as a started because it comes out fast and tastes fantastic.My advice, get there before 6pm.  They do not take reservations and any day of the week will be full and crowded by then.  Their wine selection changes and bartendars have great knowledge of them for recommendations.  If you are in the South End you must stop by!Five stars for listening to diners' feedback.The front-of-house staff was amazing. We had a girls' night out with people arriving at different times. Even though the restaurant was crazy busy, we were all able to sit together without disrupting other diners. Our servers were very attentive and the food and atmosphere were also great. Every lady had a good time. The smoked duck, cotija corn, pork chop, and eggplant hit the spot. We ate and drank a lot--nothing was bad, but some small plates were more memorable than others.Super highly recommended!I was ridiculously lucky to be immediately seated at Toro (and during restaurant week no less!) and enjoy a wonderful dinner with my friend who was in from Los Angeles.Everything was amazing. The order:- bacon-wrapped dates (A+)- olives (B+)- duck drumettes (A+, and I don't even like duck)- hamburguesa sliders (A+)- hummus (B)- garlic shrimp (A)- brussels sprouts (A-)- chocolate churros (C)Great atmosphere, great food! To die for.Great dinner last night at Toro -- they told us it would be a hour wait when we arrived at 6:15, but then called us at 6:50 to seat us ahead of schedule.  Smart move -- when you're willing to wait an hour and get in sooner, you start the meal off feeling grateful and in a good mood.Toro is always jumpin' on Saturday night, but they do a great job getting you in and out without making you feel rushed.  The service was great. They refilled our bread a ton of times (which we appreciated, being on a budget and needing some free carbs to compensate for the small portions). Everything we ordered was delicious.  I especially loved the mussel toast, the calamari "sandwich," and the Serrano ham-wrapped dates that were stuffed with blue cheese and almonds.  The house specialty corn dish was not bad...but kind of basic and so messy to eat! I'll skip that next time, I think. I also LOVED my cocktail so much I didn't mind paying $11 for it. It had Hendricks gin, grapefruit, and some sort of pepper/spice that gave it a little kick. Best cocktail I've had in a while.  Can't wait to go back!Toro is trendy and hip and probably serves the best tapas in town. Please keep in mind the the standard is low for good tapas in Boston. Toro has a nice and laid back ambiance, but is always packed. There's is usually a wait, especially on weekends so make sure you go early. I have tried the corn, dates with ham almonds and blue cheese, tuna tartare, yellow fin tuna, hanger steak, garlic shrimp, smoked duck drumettes, and short ribs. The desserts I have tried have been just okay, so I would recommend skipping dessert and saving your calories and money for the tapas dishes. I really love each and every one of the dishes above mentioned. I just have one problem with this restaurant. It is EXTREMELY OVERPRICED. For example, the dates with ham cost $6 and they literally serve you two tiny pieces of dates. The garlic shrimp cost $12 for for 6 mini pieces of shrimp. Although the food is quite tasty, I do not think I will be making another trip back to Toro anytime soon. The value just isn't there!Overrated. The corn was good, cheesy with a nice sauce. The sangria was bland. The uni bocadillo was a salt bomb. The curry tripe was all heat and no flavor. The sweetbreads were not memorable. The tuna belly tasted like something out of a can. The churros with the chocolate sauce left more to be desired.Overall, this place kind of sucks. And the waitress was raving about how she loved everything. I hate when people set the bar low and think it's high.O.M.G. This place is amazing!  I've only been there a few times for lunch and after work drinks, never sat down for dinner, but now I can say I'm a big fan!My favorite is the house special corn smoothered with alioli, the amazing duck drumsticks, Empanadas, patatas bravas, and their oh so yummy Sangria.  They do not take reservations, so when we went after work for happy hour/dinner we had to wait for about an hour.  It's ok though we crowded by the bar and had a few Cabana Boys... sooooo yummy!I work a few blocks away and will definitely be back for dinner AGAIN.Attempted Restaurant Week again here, this time making sure I had reservations! They usually don't accept reservations, but they do for restaurant week. As expected, it was busy and had a great atmosphere. We were immediately seated at bistro table along the wall. For those that haven't been to Toro, be aware that you will be dining in close proximity with those next to you (very European that way..).We loved everything we ordered except for our Pan con Tomate (tomato toast). The tomato had been WAY over-salted. Everything else was spectacular and service was perfect! Plates came out at a great pace so we were never overwhelmed or left just waiting around.Our total bill including tip came to $135 ish (restaurant week dinner for 2 + 4 drinks). It was pricey but worth it!The flavors are fantastic.  If you're more of a quality over quantity type of person and you're a big fan of delicious cocktails definitely make it a point to head over to Toro.  A couple of the items on the menu are sought after favorites and then there are a few that aren't as amazing, but luckily there's Yelp so now you can find out what's the best bang for your buck!  The Patatas Bravas (red potatoes in a spicy tomato sauce) are a definite must have.  The spicy sauce isn't crazy spicy it's sort of smokey, and also out of the world delicious.  We split the order of potatoes and it was just the right amount of starch for the night.  I also love the Cranberry Mule, one of their signature cocktails.  It comes in a big copper mug and it has cranberries, Russian Standard vodka, and ginger.  The Honey Badger is also an amazing cocktail, if you're looking for something sweet, orange, and in a fancy martini glass.The Maiz Asado is amazing, Toro's take on Elote - lots of butter and cream though so be prepared.  However it's definitely worth getting one or two orders of.Also I've had shortribs cooked a few different ways at Toro but definitely if there's shortribs on the menu I'd definitely recommend splurging on them.The menu is huge so it's definitely easy to order completely different dishes each time you go!Amazing food.  Even MORE amazing drinks.  Very creative menu, with lots of options for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  Staff is attentive and friendly and knows what they're talking about.It's a little strange to sit elbow-to-elbow with people you don't know, and the fact that they don't take reservations is a bummer for those of us who live outside of the city and would like to plan our dinner ahead of time.BUT- it's still awesome.  And we'll still go back, and we'll wait for a table.  Because it's totally worth it.Where do I start...my favorite restaurant in Boston, my favorite restaurant anywhere.  If you know how much I love Abe and Louie's, you would know that is high praise.First, let's get a couple of things out of the way.  Yes, there are limited tables.  Yes, it's a long wait.  Yes, it can get loud.  Yes, it gets very crowded.  None of that matters, the food is THAT good.  Most of the menu is tapas style, which is perfect since there are so many delicious dishes on the menu.  Bone marrow, empanadas, grilled corn, duck...the list goes on.  There's also a great wine list.My thing with tapas and other small dishes is that, if they're going to work for me, they have to have a lot of flavor.  Toro does that, but in a way where the flavor of the meat and veggies is enhanced, not masked.  It's a tough feat, but Toro does it well.Great food conquers all.The fella and I happened to come here during Restaurant Week, although we didn't realize it was RestWk at the time! Thus, this review is based on a limited menu. I am intrigued to try the rest of the dishes, but since I came here looking for tapas, and I sampled quite a few of them, I'm not sure I'll go back soon. From the starters to the mains, to the dessert, everything was just alright. There were some highlights (marinated oysters, grilled garlic shrimp, the cheese plate) and there were lowlights (linguica, which was not authentic in my opinion and the croquettes which were flavorless), and there were dishes that came right in the middle of that (tuna tartare starter, the churros, and the pork pate). For an expensive meal that most of the time you have to wait a long time for, I expected more. What's weirder is that the sangria was not on the price fixe menu. Service was great, very friendly, and I did not feel rushed. But I'll keep going to Tasca for my Tapas.My friend came here from out of town and was dying to go here.. he had dreams about the delicious bone marrow so I happily obliged.  I got there at 5:30 pm on a Sunday.. no wait.  Bam.. we got a seat.They have changed their marrow a bit.. less flavor now unfortunately... but I did discover things I did like to make this restaurant a bit more highly rated in my eyes.  Foie gras is a good addition.  Yum!  It's really only two people per foie gras.  Total yum!  Also liked the sweet breads... two pieces.. very good. I can never say no to a good organ.The corn is also still good but I discovered the receipe online now.. so, I know you can make it for so much cheaper at home.I still wasn't impressed with the beef short ribs... not that good.  Tougher than I would like.And the pork belly was also just okay.  I think it's the crispiest and cheapest if you buy it Asian style in Chinatown.  More flavorful too.Yup.. still uber expensive.  But it is a trendy spot.. so you won't regret being spotted here.  Bar is small so don't dream of finding or squeezing into a spot.. you have to depend on luck for that one!The place is tiny, so be prepared for a loooong wait.  But!  You will be rewarded with a delicious meal...I came here for lunch the first time and ate at the bar with no wait, and a second time with a group of 7 for dinner.  The trick is to come early to avoid a devastating wait, or just be prepared with patience and a good book.  The food is awesome and so far I've tried:-the salad with feta/olives-garlic shrimp*-fried potatoes with alioli*-tortilla de espanol -pan con tomate-chicken sandwich with beans/avocado-grilled corn with alioli* -mollejas (crispy sweetbreads)-kobe beef mini-burgerEverything was great, but my favorites are the items highlighted.  I have yet to taste patatas bravas as perfect as Toro's.Toro is that player who never loses his game. Toro touts timelessness, something so special it never gets old. Now for the food! I've tried several new dishes at Toro, and they seemed update-worthy. Though with my well-established faves, it's hard to branch out. I do try to dip into a new dish once in a while, but it's hard to say no to bone marrow...The Ostras en Escabeche are smoky little marinated oysters, squished like sardines in the cute little aluminum can they came in. Too cute!The Uni Bocadilla is a pretty crazy sandwich. Not to overhype, but it's kinda awesome. Try it if invertebrates don't make you cringe.The Atun Crudo is another standard-stellar snack with pretty pieces of bright red tuna, and the cucumbers also make a tasty topper.I expected a mouthful of muscular-hard heart when I bit into the Corazon, but this heart is shaved paper-thin on toast so you can masterfully masticate each smoky, crunch bite. The romesco added a nice rich element of its own. Exquisite, like all things at Toro. Nearly one year and over 60 restaurants later, Toro holds its place as my favorite restaurant in all of Boston. The Maiz Asado is firmly anchored in my heart and the duck drummettes aren't walking away anytime soon. The salty squares of Tortilla Espanola are my rock, and I'm losing the Jamon Serrano to the chopping block, NOT The Gallows. So order what you want, eat what you like, but take my advice with a grain of sea salt on a Pimiento del Padron. Get in line for Toro, I'll meet you there.LOVE this place! I can't believe its taken me 5 years to finally get my butt here but I'm glad I finally did. The cotija cheese on the grilled corn is amazing but the most amazing, PHENOMENAL item on this menu is the pork belly.  But really, everything is fantastic. Drinks/cocktails are good. If you have a couple people with you and are looking for a good time, get a bottle of cava.  It is served in a special wine decanter with a cool spout that when poured, streams right into your mouth. Such fun!!! I really have no complaints with the exception of the guaranteed 2hour wait you will have if you get there around 7pm. They don't take reservations...wish they would.This place really disappointed me. Dali is much, much better, and has a more romantic, unique atmosphere. Paella was excessively salty, and I love salty food. The famed corn was really not as great as reviews lead to believe (Try Cafe Habana or even Num Pang's versions in NYC for half the price), and the pork belly portion was tiny, even for tapas. Maybe I missed something, but I wasn't impressed at all.So I love this place - the food is top notch - but, seriously, the wait is always an hour or more, they don't take reservations, and there are no bars anywhere nearby - and the neighborhood is not the most picturesque in Boston.  Unless you arrive early and don't mind standing on the sidewalk - there is no where to sit at all - please arrive before 5pm.Packed on thurs and had great time - got seat at bar and enjoyed variety of items - all really good.  Grilled sweetcorn -awesome, as was curry, & paella.Great spot with good vibe and really good foodThere is A LOT written about this restaurant so I'll be brief:Go early.Get the corn.  Trust me.  You want the corn.Dessert was only ok.  You are going to be surprised how much tapas can cost, but remember this is Ken Oringer.  You have paid more for full plates of food in your life.  Gotta let it go.Enjoy!Came here with two girlfriends for Brunch on MLK, Jr. Day. It was pretty great. The Tortilla Espanola had a great flavor, but the portion was SMALL! The Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija was AMAZING though. I'm pretty sure I would like the alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese would be delicious on anything, but OH! The corn! My friend ordered Boquerones, too, which was ok if you like anchovies. I had the Serrano Bocadillo, a pretty fancy pressed ham and cheese, and it was delicious. I paired it with the 07 T. Rodriguez "Gaba do Xil", Godello, Valdeorras, which was DELISH. The server forgot about it for a moment, but she remembered and brought it quickly. I wasn't worried about it either way, but I'm glad she brought it in the end.Next time I will try Calimocho--Red wine and coke! Weird! Service was prompt and friendly. The server was kind of awesome, chill yet still attentive and professional. I will go back here and order about 15 ears of corn.A little disappointed considering the anticipation from the long hour wait and all the great reviews/Ken Oringer place... I really wanted to like this place.  I thought the food was pretty good/decent but I wasexpecting great.   I prefer Dali in Somerville for Spanish tapas.   Maybe it was an off night but I probably won't go back 'cause the ambiance was not as nice as Dali.Food overview (3 stars):Grilled corn:  bland, not grilled enough and very little cheese...probably would have like this if I didn't have the better version of this dish in Papagayo the night beforeRazor clams:  the only very good thing we had thereBrusell sprouts:  good but nothing specialDuck glaze:  meehh...its aight, looked forward to but the flavor was very mildValencia Paella:  this is good but the one in Dali is excellent!Foi gras:  pretty good but not great; it was coldButter that came with the bread was great but I am sad to remember that.  I just wish the flavors were more flavorful like Dali.BTW: Service is horrible but that was very apparent when you show up.  You feel like you are in a cafeteria and you keep asking the lunch lady for food.   Service rating would be a 1.5 but I did not include that in the overall rating (otherwise it would be a 2).The reviews are correct:  Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija is amazing. The service was excellent and the cocktails were delicious and reasonably priced: my mom ordered her first drink in 10 years here and my dad was on his second--and last--drink by 5:30 p.m.If I'd never eaten at Jaleo in DC, the gold standard for tapas restaurants in the United States, Toro probably would have gotten a fifth star,I'm not sure I can say anything new that the 248 yelpers before me haven't already said...In brief, the food is fantastic! I can still taste the AMAZING corn and the heavenly empanadas. The vibe of the restaurant was a lively, neighborhood get together. My husband loved the food but after he discovered the $1 PBR his night was complete! The menu is extensive and impressive! I'm looking forward to the day when we can brave the wait, again, and discover some more favorite tapas, pinchos and drinks!Definitley check out Toro!I like tapas because it's fun to share food and you get to try so many things.  My favorite was the mini lobster roll- I can't remember the proper name. Everything was delicious though!  The dates, yellowfin, pork belly, mini burgers and duck are all worth trying.The atmosphere is cute- good date place for sure.  We were also seated without a reservation much sooner then I expected for a Saturday night.Attempt #1 to come here was in the dead of winter. 2 hour wait. "You can wait at that bar" You mean the one that's basically on top of that row of tables, with everyone and their extra square feet of mass from all the winter apparel? Um, yeah no thanks.Attempt #2 was much less of a hassle and in much better weather. And sure ok I was probably in a better mood. Met a friend in town here for dinner and we sat at the bar. I had a deeelicious cocktail that I requested the rum be substituted for Beija Cachaca, I believe it had strawberries in it. For dinner, we split a few things, most notable were the corn (I'm obsessed with that shit) and of course the patatas bravas. I just find that to be so good at tapas restaurants.The service was fine, despite the fact that our server was the bartender and was likely busy on her own. I recall our bill taking a while (a big dislike of mine at any restaurant, regardless of how busy they are). All in all, I would definitely repeat my visit but may brown bag some booze and walk around the streets during inevitable wait for a table.Went for happy hour with group from work.Didn't eat. Only had $1 tall boy PBRs. That rocked. The food looked and smelled fantastic. I will be back to report on the food.But seriously folks $1 PBR+ $1 tip = Happy walletThis is the perfect tapas bar. Filled with small tables, bustling with a mix of yuppie urbanites, hipster college kids, and tourists who obviously use YELP for their great restaurant picks.  On the latter, Yelp does not disappoint.  The grilled corn, as suggested, is beyond good. We had Spanish ham and razor clams and a variety of other little dishes that were outstanding. The only minor ding was that the patatas bravas, the spicy little potatoes that are the standard of tapas joints were a bit timid.Service was excellent. Prompt and pleasant.Just don't go from Cambridge to here by cab on a Red Sox night. It doubles the price of the ride because of its location off Mass Ave.This place is OVERRATED and the staff is RUDEThe food was good, not great. For the prices you pay for these small plates, I expected more. The service is just terrible. I waited an hour and a half to come to this restaurant for bad service. After waiting for an hour and a half, once we were seated no one came to our table for a few minutes. After a wait like that, they should know that most people have already looked at the menu enough to know what they want. The first person that comes over to our table doesn't even look at us just drops waters on the table, both in front of me, not even one to me and one to the person I was with. Half the people there basically look beyond you. I was in the middle of finishing one of the small dishes when it was pulled from my table by a busser. Really? The best part was, I was in the middle of eating off of it! You can't  eat your food in peace, they are grabbing things from you every five minutes.  The wait staff was all over the place, very inattentive. My waitress barely checked on my table. After we were almost done with our meal, asks if we received our corn. Maybe if  she came by to check how everything was once during the meal, she would have known. Service is very important when it comes to having a good experience at a restaurant and they just don't have that down. Maybe if the food was actually as good as the reviews made it seem, it wouldn't have mattered as much. I probably will never come back just because of service alone. This restaurant is not what it's hyped up to be. I should have eaten at the place across the street that they made me wait at for and hour and a half, Equator, the people who work there were so wonderful.This place is amazing.  Every dish we had was beyond satisfactory.  Very nice wines too!Love at First Bite!I dined here once and instantly fell in love.  I will definitely be returning here during my visit to Boston next weekend.We devoured:1. Pollo Con Farro Y Citricos - braised chicken and farro in rich tamarind and citrus broth2. Costilla De Buey Rioja -  braised short rib of beef with amagnac soaked prunes and pomme puree3. Maiz Asado Con Alioli Y Queso Cotja la especialidad de la casa - grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese4. Atun Crudo - yellowfin tuna with citrus and soy5. Gambas Al Ajillo - griddled garlic shrimp6. Bistec De Faldilla a La Plancha - skirt steak a la plancha with cabrales butter and onion marmalade7. Morcilla sausage/ Spanish salamiAll the dishes were wonderful!Only negative detail to the restaurant was that it was super loud (not the music, but from people speaking too loudly).  It was hard to hear/talk to my friends while eating.So, for the first time ever, I saw a neo-south end chick pushing a baby in the most ridiculous concoction of a stroller and her trendy-haircut (but lame-clothing) friend roll in here with their "we like to pretend we're extras on sex and the city" attitude on a Tuesday night.  In a phrase: Seriously, wtf.Toro is no place for such faux UWS attidudes.  Toro is the place where I come in wearing gauzy clothing and a scarf and eat aceituans and pretending I'm still in Sevilla.  Duh. But seriously, Toro is really a South End gem.  As soon as you walk in, you're greeted by one of my fave hosts (well, at least on Tuesdays).  The food smells amazing, the open kitchen and fireplace/stove add to the atmosphere, and the sangria is delicioso.  Even the bathrooms are cute (okay, maybe because the first time I went in one, I almost ran back out to tell my fiancee that the posters papering the walls were the same ones I got in Spain, oh, eleven years ago. I now feel like I have a special Toro connection)  It's like a special study abroad experience for people who have never left the greater Boston area (listen for those accents - they're out there, kids). If you're looking for an authentic, tasty Spanish dining experience, I'd definitely suggest stopping in. Things to note:  it's become VERRRY popular.  Expect to wait for a table (or shared bar space -- which is another thing to note, leave your introverted attitude at home and be prepared to cozy up to a few new friends at the long tables).  The best after-work drink (that's not on the printed menu) is "listed" as a secret message behind the bars: $1 PBRs.  You can't beat that.I'm not quite sure what to make of Toro, so I'll just relay my experience. Eight of us went here on a Tuesday night for my friend's birthday. The place was jammed and it was a small space - I was actually pretty impressed because I felt that this most likely spoke to its popularity and the quality of the food. There was also a vast age range of people at the restaurant. The whole experience though was a bit awkward. My friend was quoted a half hour wait - we arrived after them. We did manage to get some seats at the bar and our bartender was very nice and accommodating, making lots of drink recommendations and making me something yummy and nonalcoholic, as I was the DD for the night. I feel it's always good to overestimate a wait time, rather than underestimate, and after an hour went by we were wondering where in the world we were going to sit. My friend's sister went to speak with the host and hostess and it just seemed like an uncomfortable conversation (although I didn't overhear all of it). We saw them clearing and resetting a table AROUND two people still left sitting at the table from the original party that was sitting there. The hostess told us to go ahead and sit at the table with the two other people sitting there....awkward. The other part of it was that there were not enough seats at the table set up so essentially those two poor people still enjoying their conversation were pushed out of the table! I was a little bit mortified. I just don't know why they told us to go sit down when there were two of us without chairs and two people we didn't know still not done with their drinks! It was strange... Anyways, the rumors about the corn are true - it's amazing. It was, by far, the best thing on the menu that I tried that evening. The potatoes and Kobe sliders were ok. The cow's milk cheese was just alright as well. The veggie paella was yummy. All the food came out at different times as well. One thing though...I had a crazy stomach ache later on that night. I don't know if the amazing corn is enough to bring me back.It's been a long time since a meal has made me this happy.I went here last night to celebrate the final days of grad school, and to be honest this is the part of all of the graduation ceremonies about which I was most excited.We were warned that there would be a wait, but there was none on a Wednesday at 6:30ish. I guess the cool kids eat later because when we left it was mobbed. We started with cocktails - I don't know what he had because I was too busy enjoying my somethingsomething high ball with St Germain and blood orange liquer. We ordered the foie gras ('cause that's how we roll)  and the oysters ('cause that's also how we roll). The foie gras was some of the best I've ever had, and the oysters had a lot of flavor without overpowering the oyster. Yum.For the second round we ordered pork belly with escargots, empanadas, and the corn because every single table around us had it. No joke. The pork belly was so decadent and so delicious. The BF even went so far as to put butter on a piece of belly crisp and eat it. A man with a death wish if I ever met one, but a delicious death wish at that. The empanadas were good, but not great. The corn was sloppy as all hell and really tasty - we got extra bread to soak up all that garlicky butter. There's a lot of talk of butter in this review. Paula Deen would be proud.Also in the second round we got a porron with rose cava in it, which sounds completely ridiculous and was both fun and delicious. For those who don't know (we didn't) the porron is a glass pitcher and the idea is that you hold it out and pour a thin stream of wine into your mouth. The couple next to us told us you're supposed to try to hold the porron as far away from your face as possible, which turned into some kind of weird challenge between the BF and I. Which I won, of course. Churros, chocolate, and coffee were the perfect end to a really fun and delicious dinner. The flavors were all incredibly rich, and the small plates offered just enough to almost be too decadent... but not quite.I didn't see the bill (what a gentleman) but I saw the prices on the menu and they weren't nearly as high as I'd been expecting, which means I'll be back, Toro. Oh yeah. I'll be back.Be prepared to study if you want to order a cocktail. They have a long list of cool sounding drinks, but none that I had heard of so it took awhile to figure out which one would be best. Many of them had gin which is something I wouldn't normally consider. The tapas were good. My favorites were Tortilla Espaniola, Coctel de Gambas, the green peppers, and the Yellowfin Tuna. I didn't like the Tuna Tartare. The Croquetas de Bacalao were pretty good but I could have used two more lemons (or preferable limes) to squeeze onto them. Ladies if you are wearing shorts or a mini-skirt during summer be prepared to wait five minutes to warm up your chair. They're made of metal and are cold. I went on Saturday night, the place was jam-packed. And I loved it!I've read some incredibly glowing reviews of this place and have been dying to go give it a try. However, I definitely did not want to wait the long wait people have been talking about. So, my friend and I decided the best time would be brunch! I called in to make a reservation - they don't take any reservations. Keep that in mind! No wonder the waits are as horrible as I've been reading them. In addition to not taking reservations, the place is relatively small and since they're known in town for their tapas, the wait can get pretty long. So we came for brunch, and I'm happy to report that we waited 2 minutes :) I do believe that doesn't even constitute as a wait!Anyway, right when I walked in, I noticed the decor of this place and kinda fell in love with it. Bottles of wine line the walls on both sides and there's a bar where bartenders make their concoctions that only they can. There's a board that is updated every day with their specialties as well so make sure to check them IN ADDITION to the menu that is handed to you.The brunch menu includes your regular fair breakfast, but also the tapas! Which is what we went on since we wanted to try Toro's specialties. Between the two of us we split 5 dishes and honestly we could have eaten more, but I'm glad we kept room for dessert later :).1. Foie Gras con Chutney de Pera - I'd heard such great things about this I had to give it a try. First, I had no idea what Foie Gras was - it's duck liver for those who scratch their heads when reading the name. All in all it was a good dish, but I wasn't that impressed. I believe liver is an acquired taste - you either like it or don't. And while I love chicken liver, I wasn't a fan of the duck one. Overall: Good, not great.2. Atun Crudo - This was yellowfish tuna with citrus and soy and I liked this much more than the duck liver. Thumbs up!3. Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - this is their house specialty! And quite filling for a tapas plate! It's grilled corn lime and aged cheese on it. All I can say is I loved this dish! I'm a fan of corn all in all, and mix that with another favorite of mine, cheese - I'm a happy camper :)4. Escalivada Catalana - OMG. My favorite tapas of the meal, hands down. It's a burst of flavors in your mouth from the get go. I am so glad my friend decided to order this. I was skeptical in the beginning, but when I had my first spoonful....OMG. DEF A MUST for veggie lovers and non veggies alike!5. Hamburguesas de Kobe - I don't eat steak, but my friend ordered this for himself and LOVED it. He said it was a very close second to the eggplant and I'll agree it did look good. Plus it was a fair amount of steak as well.The price for all the 5 dishes came out to a little less than 50 total (tip no inclusive), which is great! I loved the service as it was very attentive and look forward to coming back and trying their churros for dessert!Yum yum yum yum YUM!I heart Toro!  The bartenders make some kick ass martinis, the chefs push out some drool worthy food, and the service is friendly and knowledgeable!I'm not going to go into much detail because most things have already been said but I will tell you some key things.1. Its busy busy, as you probably know, so be prepared for a wait!2. They were sensitive to my girl's gluten allergy.3. Try the whole roasted sea bass. Delicious.4. They only have churros for dessert.5. Its loud so great place for girls night out but probably not first date.     However second or third would be great!6. Ken Oringer is not only adorable but has really elevated the Boston dining scene...and we needed it!Go, chow, have fun.Yes I was impressed. Good job Jamie Bissonnette, winner of Chopped! And you can't help but love the restaurant because they are a green restaurant (they filter and carbonate their own water and recycle their deep frying oil into biodiesel).Let me warn you, the wait was 2 1/2 hours on a Saturday night. I came in at 7:15pm and was seated close to 9:45pm. But I didn't mind as I was hanging out at the bar the entire time. Their house red wine is a steal for $5 and their sangria and mojitos were strong and delicious.I was with a party of 3 and we ordered about 10 dishes. As many have mentioned, the portion sizes are small (tapa size). However, the flavor sure makes up for it-the food was very rich and decadent. All of us at the end of the night were full and satisfied. The prices were not as steep as I would have expected. I believe we paid $42 each with tax and tip for 10 dishes and 1 dessert. If I come back, these are the plates I'd recommend:-corn-fois gras-uni sandwich-griddled garlic shrimpThe two guys I came with were smitten by the pork belly (it's very fatty though) and the strip steak. I may want to try the paella next time (it comes out in a huge portion). Tip: If you want to come in here without a wait, I'd come around 10:30pm and sit at the bar.Toro is a magical place.We went at peak time on a Friday night.  I was told the wait would be 40-50 minutes, which was not unexpected.  20 minutes later, we were seated.  Well done, hostess staff.  One hears horror stories of 1.5 - 2 hour waits at this place.  I suppose we came on the right Friday night (mid-January, bitter cold).The highlights were the potatoes bravas and the razor clams.  Of course anyone can cook a potato.  But these were crispy without being fried, in some spicy tomato concoction, and a sour cream to keep  your lips from feeling too burned.  No self-respecting tapas place leaves potatoes bravas off the menu, and Toro does it very, very well.Razor clams, you ask?  Those long flat shells that you find on the beach that you throw back because they don't look pretty?  You can eat what's inside them?  YES, friends.  You can eat them.  And eat them you will at Toro.  I'm not sure how they cook these things, but they arrive still in the shells with a red pepper garnish of some sort.  SO GOOD.  I never thought that one of my favorite seafood dishes would be razor clams.Other standouts are the grilled corn (we forgot about it during this visit but I've had it once before).  I love the idea of grilling corn on the cob and covering it with cheese, and I wish it were done more.  The fiance loved the bone marrow and Serrano ham as well.  The mahon cheese was pretty good - we got a TON of it, and it paired very well with the never-ending bread baskets.But readers.  Friends.  Yelpers.  Leave room for dessert.  Leave room for those churros.  Warm fried dough sticks covered in cinnamon and sugar, with a chocolate dipping sauce.  I wanted to dive into the chocolate sauce.  I wanted to bring home the pastry chef to make me churros every day of the week.  You know a place is good when you start composing the Yelp review in your brain during the cab ride home.Best tapas in Boston - hands effin' down!  They don't take reservations and are always packed!  Arrive a little early, get a Sanguine High-Ball (my fave cocktail on the menu) and stalk someone leaving at the bar for seats.  I've been here several times, and I've never actually had a seat at a table.  I think you need to arrive at 5PM when they open to camp out through dinner to actually get seated at a table.Nonetheless go here!  You will NOT be disappointed.  Parking is accessible on the street - never had problems.  When it's nice, they offer patio seating.  Memorable faves:* seafood paella* CORN (like every other review)* stuffed blue cheese dates wrapped in bacon and deep fried (AKA mini artery cloggers)* duck drummettes* braised shortribs* empanadas* this list can really go on.. I don't think I had a bad tapas here!Do yourself a favor if you haven't gone... GO!  ............NOW!I adore Toro!  This is my new favorite spot!  I find Tapas very appealing, as you can try lots of different stuff.   And everything I have tried here has been fantastic.  Generally, most restaurants forget the veggie dishes - they are strictly an afterthought.  Not here.  The grilled corn and figs (or were they dates?) wrapped in bacon are to die for!  I can't even go into detail over the other dishes.  I'll start drooling.  Yes, it is small and crowded, with tables on top of each other.  Part of the fun - you get to make yummy noises with your neighbors.  No, they do not take reservations!  How I wish they did.  One Sunday night, at about 7 PM, we were quoted a 2 hour wait!  But here's a tip, hover around the bar until a spot frees up and grab a seat there.  (We reduced our 2 hour wait to 20 minutes.)  They do the full menu at the bar!  Or just arrive super early.  It's worth it!This spot isn't the best for kids, but having said that, they do offer high chairs.  And my adventurous 7-year old did find stuff on the menu she really liked!Wait staff is fantastic!  Fun, friendly, and willing to offer all kinds of recommendations.I visited Toro a couple weeks ago and felt very fabulous (even though I'm so not...) The food was delicious - scrumptious little flavor bites that popped in your mouth. The wine list was substantial, and the friendly bartender took me through a tasting of some nice reds. My favorite part of the experience was the rustic modern interior design - lots of rough blond wood, dark metal, low lighting and a fabulous wall paper in the bathroom of a very bold matador and his bull. I posted some photos to share the cool simple wine list and great stools at the bar. Definitely hit this place early, as it's unbelievably hard to get into after 6:30-7pm. Plus, the earlier the more likely you are to forge friendships with the staff and experience some of the pluses of the early crowd, like great Marcona almonds at the bar and the scent of smoked meat wafting from the kitchen as they prep.We went here last night and the food was absolutely delicious. But do not come here if you're hungry.The Foie Gras, duck legs, braised short ribs and ceviche were really good. The blue cheese filled dates were sooo good. The only issue i have with this place is that the portions are super small. Do not go here hungry because you'll rack up a hefty bill like we did. Like I said, the blue cheese filled dates were sooo good, but when the dish came out, there were just two dates....wtf?The Foie Gras, again was very tasty, but it came out on a place with one little piece of toast and the the duck liver.The sangria and mojito were great and our server was very nice.The corn and wine could bring me to tears it is just that good.  Love the atmosphere almost as much as the great menu.Hope you don't mind waiting forever to have dinner...but if you do, try it for lunch.I love Toro and about a year ago I found out they do brunch and have been dying to try it ever since.  I finally got the opportunity this past weekend to go for my birthday with a few girlfriends.  It was about a 45min wait at 1pm on a Sunday but TOTALLY WORTH IT!  We sat at one of the high tables in the middle of the room.  Our server was a bit slow (the place was packed) but extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive (once it got less crowded).  We totally pigged out on oysters, grilled avocado, french toast, huevos rancheros (OMG), and the eggplant.  We also indulged in a pitcher ($20) of blood orange mimosa's (YUM).  I love Toro for Tapas and now it's my favorite brunch spot.So apparently you need to know someone to score a table without a long wait at this spot. At 8:15pm on a Friday night there was a small crowd brewing on the sidewalk. Inside it was packed with young, professional, better than average looking people. Everyone looked happy to be waiting.The kitchen is exposed and there are some high bar tables, we were seated along the wall which is a long bench with tables against it. Little tea-lights add some flicker to the otherwise low lighting.We were a table of 8, and our dining companions do "know" people there. How so? Not sure, they were vague! They took care of the ordering and boy did they order like seasoned, gold-medaled Olympian eating champs. Pork belly, scallop ceviche, sliders, lump crab meat and beets, grilled cheesy corn (their specialty), short rib (?) in a small ramekin/tagine, a paddle of prosciutto, food just kept coming. Pitcher after pitcher of sangria. The meal ended with churros with chocolate dipping sauce. The damage? $75 each, gratuity included. Variety is the spice of life, it was worth it.I went to Toro on April 1, 2010 (no joke) and I'm still dreaming about returning.  The wait was annoying but well worth it. In fact, it might be the most deserved wait I've ever experienced.  The tapas at Toro are unreal.  I've never seen so many supreme interpretations on one table.  Toro makes brussel sprouts something to crave and sashimi better than west coast.  You absolutely must order the corn.  I can't wait to go back and try the paella that I was ogling all evening.I like Toro. I will be back to try the Paella. List format each of my purchases:1) Foie gras - Outstanding, but then again, I have never had bad foie gras.2) Maiz Asado (the corn everyone tells you to get) I thought it was good... BUT... not all that unique for me. I grew up with grill roasted corn. So good? Yes. Mind blowing? Nope.3) Datils (Dates with almond and ham) One of the best plates we hate. Nutty, sweet, salty. Perfect combo.4) Escabeche (Oysters) Honestly, a bit acidic for me. Not the biggest fan.5) Sangria..... eh, whatever. I'd rather have wine in lieu of $25 a pitcher of this weak swill.6) Sweetbreads - .... yum yum yum7) Ceviche - Outstanding. The most authentic outside at a mainstream restaurant I have had.8) Suquet  - A Catalan stew of sea urchin, lobster and crab meat. It was okay. Not my favorite flavors. A bit bland really.9) Costilla de Buey - Rioja braised short rib of beef with Armagnac soaked prunes and pommes puree. One of my favorites of the night.10) Churros and Coffee - Kick ass! I would have like the version with dulce de leche pumped in but still the best I have had in Boston.Overall, I will be back. I will again request the seat at the front right of the room which is one of the few personal table at Toro. Well done Toro.Toro had an amazing tapas selection! It was pretty packed for a Sat. evening but my friend and I were able to grab a spot at the bar and enjoy some drinks (wine for me and specialty cocktails for her) accompanied with Escalivada Catalana (eggplant with onions, peppers and tomato topped with olive oil and sherry wine vinegar) which was kind of not what I expected since it was served cold, either way...it was tasty. The olive oil they serve with the bread was super tasty that I had to ask the server to write it down on a piece of paper for me...but I lost it during my travels so sorry can't provide that in this version of this review...I'm tempted to call Toro to ask about that though.Once we saw the Paella float by...we knew we had to get it and so we did but since there were only two of us we couldn't order other small plates we were interested in which was kinda a bummer since we really wanted to try the other selection they had. We did order the Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn) though since my friend had to have it and it was yummy. The Paella was fantastic...just the right amount of flavor, good consistency of the sauce and rice mixture and plenty of meats (chicken, sausage and shrimp) that we couldn't even finish all the good stuff. The serving side is really good for 4 people especially if you're planning to have other plates - we even ended up sharing a plate serving over with a girl at the table next to us!This is a definite dinner stop if you're ever in the South End of Boston.I guess for Boston, this will be my intro to a tapas bar, different from my usual NY spots.This place is small and there's no sense in privacy, so expect to talk in the air with whomever you go with.  When I went, it was extremely busy but the one thing that stood out was the nice waitresses, so a major plus on that end.The food is a bit up there in price but I must say it's good... not great but good.Will I come here again... yeah but just for kicks, the parking alone annoyed me but then again, that's Boston for you.Delicious, but expensive.Expected for an upscale tapas restaurant. But worth it if you can splurge. And you can still definitely get out of there and eat fairly cheap for such great food.I love the concept of tapas---you get to try a little bit of everything. So we did. Favorite: the CORN and the DATES. A must get of both. The rest of it is a blur--when you eat 15 different things its hard to remember. Be adventurous: maybe beef heart doesn't sound that great to you but you'd be surprised, its delicious. And since its tapas it is literally one bite, so if you don't like it, its already gone! Great bread too. Atmosphere: SO fun. Always busy and lively and just a fun place to go, eat, drink, be merry and whatnot. Great service. Very dim lighting and each table has a candle, so you can read your menu by candlelight pretty much. They have this weird vase-bong looking thing that you pass around drink out of, they mix sparkling wine or something, never had it but looked like fun for a group. Can be very busy and they don't take resos. Also, since tapas are usually a very drawn out meal because you order one-three at a time and then do it again and again, it is usually a long wait even for small parties. Worth it though.Arrived at 5:30 on a friday and damn it was already pretty packed. They don't take reservations so best be an early bird. Had the dates wrapped in ham, with almonds and bleu cheese. Just 2 to go around, but OMG were they awesome!! But just 2, so you might want to double order. Also got the toasted bread with tomato, olive oil and salt. I thought it might be like a warm bruschetta - nope. Yuck, actually. Kinda choked it down out of hunger. Too salty and the mashed tomato spread was just wet and soggy. Paella Valenciana: will take a bit longer to prepare but was really good. My first paella ever. I had imagined paella with a saffron-y look and taste but this seemed to be tomato based. Scrape the bottom because that's where it gets good. Churros with chocolate were a good finish. So 3.5 might be a better representation than a straight 3 stars but not quite a 4.One of the best dining experiences I've had in Boston!  Service was excellent.  Extremely attentive even with a full house.  We went with the classics and there were no misses in the bunch!Pan con tomate, gambas al ajillo, uni bocadillo, jamon, razor clams, pork belly with clams, paella, and churros!Wines on tap were very nice and affordable and the cidre was excellent (kind of like a belgian lambic or very farmhouse-y saison).Yum!!Hands down my favorite restaurant in Boston.I've been here a few times and can't wait to go back. Craving the roasted bone marrow as we speak (and I was forced to try it by my friend...kid you not, now my favorite thing in Boston!).Must order: Roasted Bone Marrow, grilled corn & sliders. **ALSO if they have any sort of buffalo or beef heart tartar as a special, try it. Just try it...you might be scared, but it's going to be delicious and totally worth it. My friends forced me and it was amazing. Trust me. Malbec was great and the bartenders are skilled enough to whip up just about anything you could want. Only downside is that they don't take reservations; this place is small and always crowded because the food is fantastic. I prefer to show up 30 min- 1 hr before I want to eat and grab a drink at the bar. I promise it's worth the wait!You will need to reserve for this place. It's way too crowded for my taste. I like the food but I left there smelling like fired food. It gets so loud there you really can't hear your friends very well. We went there twice, it's busy even on Tuesday nights. The food isn't worth going through all of that so until they move to a bigger and more quiet location I doubt i'll go again.I must start of, with this place has some of the worst service I have experienced. It would be nice to be treated like a human being.Yet, the food is incredible.Food not as good as I remembered it.Love love love Only issue wish had white sangria all year not just summerDefinitely one of the tastiest meals that I've ever had. I went here with a friend for Restaurant Week and, unlike those restaurants that shove forth their cheapest, most uninventive fare during this event, Toro's offerings really showcased its talents well.Between the two of us, we ordered a multitude of dishes to share. The portion sizes are small--tasting sizes really--but each bite packed in so much flavour that there's no way to leave unsatisfied. Here's a breakdown:Ensalada Favorita (Romaine, tahini-miso dressing, grilled croutons, radishes, carrots and mahon cheese): nice and refreshing, but nothing too special. The nutty dressing contrasted well with the crunchy greens. A good way to balance our meat-heavy meal but otherwise, something that you can easily make at home.Datiles con Jamon (Medjool dates filled with Marcona almonds and Cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in Jamon Serrano):  The salty-sweet dialogue that the chef was aiming for didn't really balance out, as I found  the sweetness of the date a bit too overpowering! Great flavour combo, just a bit too intense on the sweet side.Atun Tartare (Tuna tartare with coconut milk, calamansi lime and cilantro): HIghly recommended. Tuna tartare gently seasoned so as to still allow the tuna-ness to shine through, served with toast. Very refreshing.Mollejas (Kung Pao style sweetbreads with blood orange, fermented black beans and hazelnuts): Very Asian flavours at work here. Two pieces of fried sweetbreads with a tangy sweet and sour sauce. I'm not a big fan of sweet + sour but the sweetbreads were excellent: great textural contrast between the crispy outside and the creamy insides.Uni Bocadillo (Pressed uni sandwich with miso butter and pickled mustard seeds): This dish was featured (along with the sweetbreads) in Food Network's "Unique Eats." I LOVE uni, and I love how they served it heated up but still uncooked so that it retains its creaminess and gooey texture, but the miso made it waaayyy too salty. Diluting the saltiness with another piece of bread worked, but lessening the salt would much improve this otherwise impressive dish.Coliflor a la Plancha (Cauliflower with pine nuts, golden raisins and pimenton de la vera): Get a bit of each ingredient in one bite. Flawless.Fennel sausage with pimento sauce: Perfectly spiced sausage paired with a sweet-spicy pimento salsa. No complaints here at all.For dessert we had the manchego cheese with quince paste, which tasted as good as this classic combination goes (I'm not a big fan of hard cheeses so I don't have much to say about it). The churros with chocolate sauce also garner no complaints.Delicious meal, impressive flavours, and inventive combinations. Definitely looking forward to coming back!Stop 2 on our Boston visit. We love tapas and Toro did not fail to deliver. The octopus ceviche with yellow pepper jus, mint and cilantro was out of this world. The house special roasted corn on the cob with aioli and Mexican soft white cheese was messy, decadent and tasty. They should have brought wet towels after  this one. Don't know if the posh crowd would have wanted to join us in diving in! Other dishes were good, it's pimiento de padron time - and they were tasty - salty and not too hot. gambas ajillo to finish up before the star of the evening - a modern interpretation of crema Catalan - a martini glass with lemon gelee on the bottom and whipped egg white froth on top covered with raw sugar. Very tasty.This music was loud, we were there late, just before the kitchen closed on Saturday night. It felt like a bar - with sublime food!Excellent and creative food.  Pleasant wait staff. excellent drinks.unfortunately loud.Remember when you were 15 and you didn't want to share with anyone your favorite band cause you were afraid of them blowing up... Well that is how I feel about Toro, but since I'm moving its okay to Yelp (not that its lacking any). I'm yet to be disappointed with anything on the menu. However lately I've been stuck in a routine. Peppers, steak, tuna, brussle spourts, wine, followed by $1 PBRs till I think its a good idea to get more peppers.3.5 stars.The paella is not good. At all. The tapas were good. I had anchovies, figs wrapped in bacon, corn, and I can't remember what else, but I remember them being very good. 10 times better than the paella.Went here for brunch once. I ordered the brioche and loved it. I also loved the salad that accompanied it. My boyfriend ordered an omelette/scramble, which he didn't really enjoy. The butter they put on their bread is SO salty.A bit pricey, but you definitely get that feeling like you're in a nice restaurant in Barcelona.Of course, as others have already said, you MUST go here for the grilled corn. The queso...grilled flavor...lime...it just works so fabulously in your mouth that you could care less that your teeth are coated in corn bits and cheese is on your cheeks. Delightful destructive eating. Also, the psuedo-margarita drink with ginger spice and a tangy ginger rim is tart and delicious!Toro is a bustling and hip tapas joint. It is very popular and does not accept reservation, so either arrive early or expect an hour long wait, at minimum. Many choose to wile away the time at the well stocked bar, however a perpetually massive crowd can be uncomfortably boisterous.  We chose to wait outside. Luckily, the considerate staff sneaked us a few small bites to ease the aggravation of a particularly long wait. The food itself is a modern interpretation of Spanish tapas with international influences. The menu is not extensive, but also contains no misses. Prices range from $4-$13 for each plate. The bone marrow, sweatbreads, grilled corn, and foie gras are a few of my  favorites. For larger groups or heartier appetites, the restaurant offer heaping paellas serving 2-4. Their "Fresita" (strawberry, rhubarb, lime, gin) is highly recommended.Beautiful restaurant, but the food is only above average. I've had much better tapas in New York (Casa Mono, you have to try it if you like tapas). The corn that everyone raves about has too much cheese on it, overpowering other flavors. Foie gras is average and over priced ($8 for a tiny piece). Dishes are overall on the heavy side (as most tapas are, but would be better if there are more interesting vegetable dishes).Overall, a good tapas restaurant, with extensive drinks menu, nice and trendy decor/lighting.Entree's are cooked with inspiration.  The chef sacrifices nothing to make the food outstanding.  Great menu and plenty of reasons to keep going back.That being said desert menu is small and the decor is a little too modern.When we got there there was an hour and a half wait and the bar was PACKED so we went down the street to Taranga, had a glass of wine and split an order of Sengalese spring rolls and just went back an hour and a half later and were seated pretty quickly. We tried a bunch of interesting things (like sweetbreads (really good!) and bone marrow (not a texture I want to eat again!)). Others included duck drummettes, foie gras, pork belly, brussel sprouts, mussels, the AMAZING grilled and buttery/cheesy corn...and I'm sure there were a couple more I'm forgetting..The service was surprisingly good for how packed it was/how little room there was to maneuver. I think we got lucky with our table which was on the corner of the low banquette, so we had a little more room. If we had had to squeeze into the middle, I don't think Jon's legs would've fit.The options for tapas were more varied than they are at Solea, and while we tried almost exclusively contemporary dishes rather than the traditional Spanish ones, I'd go back to try the more traditional ones...maybe on a weeknight. ... See MoreDelicious mixed drinks too...out of the ordinary combinations IMO and well done. Overall a good night out! :o)The Sangria alone earns Toro a 5 star rating!  And the food, atmosphere, and concept are just as good!Toro is a Spanish style Tapas place with a unique and extensive selection of appetizers and a few main dishes including Paella.  Toro literally has everything from simple Empanadas or Seasoned Fries to Sea Urchin or Roasted Bone Marrow.  I have not been very adventurous but have tried the Empanadas, the Oysters, and the Mini Burgers, all being very delicious!  I have also had the Paella and it is absolutely amazing!  I hope to try something unusual next time I go.I have been here a few times and sat at the bar once with just my boyfriend and another time arranged for a party of 10 to dine at Toro.  The manager was great in taking our reservation and arranging everything for us (you can make a reservation if you have a party of 6 or more!) seeing as I wanted to make the reservation for New Year's Eve the day before.  We wanted to go somewhere fun before that evening's festivities began.  I was surprised to find the restaurant to be pretty empty.  I have also been for brunch.  I thought it was just ok for brunch but it did win Best of Boston, so they must be doing something right.Overall, I will definitely be back many more times.  My only word of advice is to get there early or be prepared to wait.  Toro is not very big and is usually very crowded.  But it is definitely worth the wait!3.5 (stars mostly taken away for the service and the wait)I was surprised at Toro for my birthday (a Wednesday night) with a group of 8 but...even though they arrived just as doors opened, when I arrived with the bf, they said they could no longer accommodate 8. Tried going again on a Saturday night with 2 other people and got in after waiting an hour. Apparently, they said they had called 15 min. before but the restaurant is so loud that they prob. wrote down my phone number wrong. Small, cramped space with tons of people at the bar. Incredibly loud, so much so that you have to speak loudly to your tablemates to be heard. The bread that arrived at the table was good. I asked for olive oil...and it never came.We ordered the dates, corn, duck drumsticks, steak a la plancha, and patatas bravas. I admit that this is the best tapas place I've been to, in terms of food (the only others were in Vegas). My bf LOVED the dates. My favorite was the duck which was super tender and delicious. The steak was good but nothing special and the portion size was tiny! I had high expectations of the corn. It was really good but didn't quite blow me away the way I expected. Some of it was just a little too burned, too. The potatoes were pretty awesome though; I loved the creamy sauce it came with.We finished with the churros which were really good although I agree with another reviewer that the chocolate didn't go all that well with it. I think the food is really good but with the prices, the not too friendly staff, the loudness and the wait, I don't really think it's worth it.I am a fan of this place for brunch on a Sunday. I think you really have to carefully order since a lot of people has a hit or miss with the items on the menu.I enjoyed: the banana milk, asado de huesos, atun crudo, foie gras con chutney de pera. The corn they had wasn't that great, I wish it were sweeter and maybe a little spice added to it. It wasn't bad though but I had better.Delicious!Despite the 45-minute wait on a Monday night, I had the best time here.  Great food, great ambiance (and great company).  All in all, an A++ experience.Cocktail--I believe it was called La Sandia, which was an herb-infused, watermelon concoction that was quite heavenly on a warm night especially after a long wait.  Very freshing.  Razor clam special--super fresh, savory and meaty.  Excellent.Ceviche of sea bass--fresh and just tangy enough.Ahi tuna tartar--solid in terms of flavor but would have preferred some sort of bread or cracker to go with it. Octopus special--the tomato-based sauce was really good but too bad the octopus was a little overcooked. Braised beef short ribs--fall apart tender in a hearty apple-based sauce.  A must-try.Fried potatoes--so much better than fries.  Love the tomato-mayo sauce.  Cauliflower--good but not memorable.  Corn--OMG!   So good, especially the aioli-cheese sauce, which goes really well on plain bread too.We went to Toro for the second time last night, and it did not disappoint!  Tapas is my absolute favorite type of food, and Toro has quickly risen to the top of my list of best tapas restaurants in the Boston area.First of all, the cocktails are HEAVENLY.  We have tried 5 or 6 different cocktails on the menu, and they were all very, very good.  After much deliberation, our favorites are Perro Picante (gin, spicy pepper syrup, grapefruit, and cayenne sugar all sound strange in a drink but trust me, it's GOOD!) and the Caramelized Caipirinha.Now onto the food.  If you've eaten at tapas restaurants before, you know that most always have the classics such as garlic shrimp or patatas bravas.  They have these too at Toro but I feel these classic dishes are made with a little twist, which makes them surprising and super yummy.  They also have plenty of dishes that I had never tried before.  These are my absolute favorites, but I dont' think you can go wrong with any of them!-Gambas al Ajillo (Griddled garlic shrimp) - the sauce that the shrimp is in is to die for - I used my bread to finish off every last drop.-Pan con Tomate y Anchoas (Tomato bread with anchovies and garlic mayonnaise) - who knew such a simple dish can be SO GOOD?-Queso Mahon (marinated Manchego, I think) - a really good dish to start off the night-Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - I looked around and almost every table had ordered one of these!           -Razor Clam special- I can't remember what it was called but I remembered it being excellent -surprisingly meaty and very well-spiced.Like everyone says, expect a long wait if you're coming at around dinner time- we arrived at 7pm last night and waited more than an hour.  Last time we came at 5:30pm and got a table pretty quickly.  Also expect it to be a little cramped and noisy (it is communal eating after all!).  But the incredibly delicious food makes it all so worth it!!  And despite the crowds and noise, our waiter was great!I've been to Toro a few times now and it gets better every time. I first tried the restaurant when it first opened and left thinking it was "eh" mediocre.  Now that they've established themselves, the quality and taste of the dishes is amazing.  The tapas is a little pricey for spanish tapas places but each bite is well worth it.  The paella is a hefty serving and can feed 2-3 people with additional tapas dishes on the side. I don't think they serve this dish anymore but the marinated fried chicken wings are to die for. Ian, my fiance, still talks about the chicken wings and asks the waitress for them everytime we go. To his disappointment, I think they have retired them from the menu.SO GOOD. I had my best tapas here. There is a huge selection and everything we ordered came out beautiful and delicious. The wines were good too.The portions were small like all the other tapas but we ordered a rice dish with seafood, which filled up 6 of us. The only problem is it's almost impossible to get a seat here on the weekend after 530.I was in Boston for a quick, agenda-filled weekend, and a friend who lived in the area insisted I give Toro a try.  It was pouring rain that day, and hailing a cab was near impossible, but we managed to get a seat at the communal table.  The restaurant is loud and crowded, but the decor is comfortable in a rustic way, and the food was amazing as were the drinks (decent drink selection too).I can't remember everything we ordered that night, but the Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn) is a must-have.  The next time I'm in the area, I definitely intend to go back.Tapas are traditionally small plates of hot or cold food, meant to be eaten with glasses of wine and between meals. I mean...who am I to argue with a longstanding Spanish tradition (thank you, wikipedia)? Unfortunately for Toro, a popular destination in the South End, they don't take reservations. Seriously? So I have to come here and wander around the bar hoping to snag a seat or wait just inside the vestibule and basically in the lap of a patron until I'm called? Let's use some forward planning, guys.After performing some covert seat-snagging operations for our party of 4 (a difficult task, indeed) we enjoyed some great Spanish wine and an assortment of plates that ranged from olives to pate to interesting parts of a cow. The food was very good, though expectantly not that filling. For a Thursday night, however, it was too crowded and long-winded to be enjoyable. Maybe I'll try again once the weather allows for spending our 1 hour wait outside..Toro may be my favorite meal to eat in Boston. But, Beware: sitting down and actually eating here is an ordeal. They do not take reservations and the wait on practically any night, and what seems like at any time, is ridiculously long.The place is loud, noisy, pretty cramped.But the food is worth it. Tapas is my favorite type of food and there are several dishes at Toro that are worth the wait/the noise/the being sandwiched between people like sardines at a community table. Must-Orders: sangria, dates with the prosciutto, the corn with the lime and cheese, the short rib (melts in your mouth), foie grasService is good and ambiance isn't bad once you actually sit down.... but that could be a while...Best Tapas place EVER! Decide to make this the last stop on a weekend trip to Boston area at lunch time. It wasn't that crowded and was seated right away.Everything we had was pretty awesome:- Aceitunas - AMAZING! so much flavor, a must have- Tortilla Espanola - I'm determined to make this. Awesome with alioli- Cauliflower a la Plancha - yes please- Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Coija - I hate eating corn, but the alioli an flavor on this was so good, I didn't mind getting my hand dirty for once- Asado he Huesos - Bone marrow. Altho it was lunch they were nice enough to make it for us!All this washed down with a glass of white wine.Can't say enough about how delicious everything was. I thought SF have a lot of good food, but this place is easily one of the best restaurant I ever been to. I was so full I had to be rolled into the car :) Service was great, the waitress gave great recommendation and very attentive. She didn't give us the "everything was good" line, and really made the experience special. If you're in the area, make sure to make this a stop!Went here last week with a friend of my while visit South Boston.  Cocktails were okay, some were a bit too strong, where we could only taste the alcohol but not the other ingredients.In regards to the food, very solid (to accommodate my friend, we ate almost all vegetarian options)Highlights:- Get the cauliflower.  Nice balance of sweet, salty and savory with a nice crispy texture after they broiled it- Salad and corn were okay, nothing special.  The corn was pretty much similar to elote, but nothing out of the ordinary.  You can get this at any good taqueria.- Eggplant was really good- Goat cheese dish was also solid, with the sweet from the honey, nice acidity from the honey but pretty pricey for the size (or lack thereof)Definitely worth the visit.  Only thing is no reservations, which sucks.First off. Who doesn't love tapas. The corn was the best one. Yes the corn. Tuna tartare great as well. A couple were weird, is bone marrow and sweetbread. Good wine, great character, worth the waitLove this place for lunch; it's too loud for dinner. Their food is amazing in general, my favorites tapas are:Patatas Bravas (fried potato)Asado de Huesos (roasted bone marrow)Datiles con Jamon (date)Coliflor a la Plancha (cauliflower with pine nutes)Pato  con Membrillo (smoked duck drumettes)Great prices and amazing exotic drinks!!! the whole vibe of this place is sick....it gives you an old world 1960S Barcelona feel but then they're playing the fugees and bob marley and other great 90s hip hop in the back ground....which you would expect in Cambridge but its awesome that its in the south end!The only down side is that some of their tapas come in 3's...so if your there with another person it makes it awkward and you feel as though you haven't gotten a really good taste of the dish...maybe a good idea when they take orders would be to consider how may people are at the table so everyone can at least have two bites!! damn lol other than that small thing (depending on how you want to look at it..your technically spending 10/15 per tapa for 1 bite) this place is great!!! :-/Decor: Both outside and inside seating available.  Has a rustic look, I felt a little crowded inside, outside seating was also slightly crowded.Staff: friendly and professional.  Knows menu well.Menu: variety of items ranging from seafood to meats to bone marrow.  Great choice with good variety.Taste: taste is ok. Bone marrow is good balanced out with some citrus fruit to cut down on the heaviness of the dish.  Seafood paella was a over seasoned, but good ratio of seafood to rice.  Tuna tartar was dis-proportioned, tasted good but no different than anything else I can get anywhere else.  Value of the items ordered did not live up to its cost.Convience: 2 hr wait with no reservation allowed.  Parking is hard to find in the area.  Can definetly find better quality food for a better value elsewhere.  Worth to visit once, though.  Good place to bring foreign guests.This place is SOOOOO GOOD. I went for restaurant weel with a girlfriend and we were VERY cozy with the people next to us, so if you value peronsal space, you may not like it. Lucky for me, I do not vallue personal space.This place KNOWS what they are doing in the food department. GRILLED CORN: GOOD LORD. GET IT. Creamy and crispy and savory and messy and amazingDATES: I am NOT a date person, but these things were amazing. The sweetness mixed with the savory ham was unbeleiveable.SLIDERS: Not authentic at all, but super delicious and a pretty substantial sizeSEETBREADS: Not my favorite thing on the menu, but still deliciousCHURROS: Good, but not amazing and mine was not readyy fresh-out-of-the-fryer hotGAMBAS AL AJILLO: Delicious, but not like they are served in Spain, so be ready for that.PATATAS BRAVAS; SO GOOD. They are not exactly like what I had in Spain, but they might have tasted even better. The service left a bit to be desired but if you want a delicious meal, come here.Toro is always packed with the typical South End yuppy crowd. And I mean that in the nicest way as I am one of them. Expect to wait a while for a table. On the weekends during peak (7-8pm)  you're looking at over an hour wait. It's worth it because the food is amazing. I'm not sure where Chef Oringer learned to combine such great ingredients together, but his kitchen staff always dishes out a plate that is solid and superb. I wouldn't expect anything less from a chef who had beat Iron Chef Cat Cora earlier this year. The menu is pretty extensive and has different offerings from the other tapas resaturants in Boston (ie. Tascas and Tapeo). On top of the lists are the corn and the chicken empanadas. Both are flavorful and delicious. A little birdie told me that the empanadas are made fresh every morning by a sweet old lady. The skirt steak is tender and moist, but pace yourself with the caremelized onions that accompany as they can overpower the palette just a tad. Save yourself the hassle of having to order drinks multiple times and get an entire pitcher of Sangria. It's the perfect blend of wine and juices and the best part is the alcohol infused fruit after you down the pitcher...all by yourself.Every time I've been here the food has been unbelievable and the service great.   It's just hard to get a table sometimes, and i'm not sure if they take reservations.  Most of the time I just go to the bar because it's easier.  Food can be served to you there, so sometimes just tough it out with some friends and enjoy the bar.  It's a great social space, and again the food makes me drool everywhere.Try the figs wrapped in prosciutto wrapped figs, the raw tuna, and the corn on the cob.  All foods that would make me fat if i kept eating there!This place is very popular. It gets very crowded, warm, and the seating is cramped.So with these complaints that normally would cause me to subtract a star, why is it still 5?The foodThe serviceFirst and most importantly, the food.Toro is a tapas restaurant. Lots of the traditional tapas dishes (heavy on the garlic, romesco, etc) and they have some interesting twists with some asian and other hispanic flavors. We were three hungry people and shared a bunch of plates. We got:1. Jamon Serrano (my all time favorite ham). This was fresh, tender, and flavorful.2. Acorn ham -- Quercia -- a little saltier than the serrano but equally good3. Serrano wrapped dates with blue cheese (Cabrales). My companions loved this. I don't like cabrales cheese (eww goat flavor)4. Chili Beans (had a fancier name, cannot remember it). AWESOME. Ground pork with lots of chili and cinnamon with small white beans. One of the favorites of the evening5. Garbanzos con Chorizo -- I am Puerto Rican, so I guess I can compare this to the pinto beans with the red tomato, smoky sauce (gisado). My mom would make chickpeas like this for some variation on the pinto or red kidney beans. This was pretty much comfort food to me and I started missing having a plate of Arroz Blanco with it.6. Atun Crudo and Atun Pincho. One was a tuna tartare with coconut milk, garlic (I didn't have this as I am allergic to garlic), and a lime foam. The atun crudo was a soy citrus tuna sashimi plate. AMAZING. I could have eaten 3 of these on my own :)7.Short Rib -- this was melt in your mouth, LEAN (yeah, I couldn't believe it either) marinated with rioja and served with armagnac prunes and creamed potatoes. LOVED this.8. Kobe Sliders (they gave us three for the same price as two!) Butter beef with a tasty homemade ketchup type sauce. It also comes with pickeled red onion and alioli *garlic mayo*...but due to my allergies, I had mine with ketchup only.9. Asado de Huesos -- roasted marrow. I did not try this, but my marrow loving friends really liked it.10. Asparagus with Jamon Blanco -- tasty and hellooooo lardo!11. Maiz with cotija and alioli (again, due to allergies, I had this with the pepper and cotija and loved it. The corn was perfectly roasted with the tangy cheese and pepper and a squeeze of lime.Now the service was excellent. We were in cramped quarters at first but they let us expand once our neighbors left. The waitress was super attentive, generous with the portions (since we were dividing among 3), and super nice about all my questions and allergy concerns. My allergies make tapas difficult some of the time, but this time I ate safely as she reviewed all my choices to make sure I didn't pick anything with the offending alliums :)In the end, we got the churros (tasty and the chocolate sauce was nice a rich). She gave us complimentary sherry with our dessert and did not charge us for the sweet either. Given the copious amount of food and equally copious amounts of booze (3-4 cocktails per person), our bill was surprisingly low.We arrived late and definitely made the right decision as we had a 20 minute wait even arriving after 930.There is no doubt I will be coming back here again!PS The cocktail menu is quite unique and excellent tooI love Toro.  Thank you Ken Oringer, thank you.  You will wait a long time for a table, most likely, but it's WORTH IT and the bar is a fun place to wait.Some favorites from the menu:the tomato breadhangar steakpotatoes with aiolisliders (GET THEM they are delicious)chickpeastuna crudogarlicky shrimpNice wine menu (even the $5 white blend was great!).  Yummy cocktails, too; my friend got the Nantucket mule and it was delish.They used to have an octopus ceviche that was incredible but alas, no longer.A great place to go with a group and have fun!Ken Oringer owns a few restaurants - Clio/Uni cliorestaurant.comToro toro-restaurant.comWhile Clio/Uni provides a quiet, reserved dining experience, Toro is loud, bustling and fast-paced. The crowd is immense and trendy. People waiting for tables often crowd around the bar, which has a high turn over rate. If you don't have the patience to wait for a table (sometimes more than an hour wait), you can stand near the bar, order a drink while you're waiting, and when a seat vacates, you can sit there and eat.The menu is exciting, especially if you like offal, which I do. I got tripe (which was tender and came in a delicious tomato-based sauce), beef tongue, oxtail on croutons which had a really intense flavor like it was almost jerkied, bone marrow which was incredibly generous and oily/delicious, and sweetbreads which were crisped on the outside and came speared on cinnamon which was a very surprising combination of flavors.It's not all about the beef either. The seafood offerings were great too. We got the catalan stew of uni and crab. It was very rich, very fragrant and had a milky foam on it that tasted like almonds. I would like to go back and try the oysters since they looked very tasty.The most memorable item I had was the duck ham, which were four strips of thinly shaved cured meat, very red, with this border of melt-in-your-mouth fat which would have been too rich on its own, but was terrific with the free bread, which was replenished quite often and a good complement with the tapas.Very interesting drinks to go with the food as well. I got a cider, which was very tart and yeasty. Forgot the name though, you'll know what it is because the waiter will warn you that it isn't sweet like you'd expect. I thought it cut through the richness of the food in a nice way.Everything we got was good. The items mentioned above really stood out, both in taste and presentation. The atmosphere was fun and young. You'll be packed in with a lot of people though so don't go here if you're expecting a secluded private dinner and you want to hear the person you're talking to, you might want to go to Clio instead...I LOVE TORO.   This is, by far my favorite restaurant since I've moved to Boston not to long ago.  The menu is easy to navigate and right to the point.  Some faves that make you salivate as you're waiting:*Foie Gras with pear and bacon chutney - yes, if you are a fan of Foie Gras -- deeeeee-lish!*Medjool dates filled with Marcona almonds and Cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in Jamon Serrano.*Hot green peppers with sea salt - ORDER 2, cause you'll be fighting for the last one if you have any more than 4 at your table.*Poached Florida white shrimp with horseradish, cilantro, tomato and avocado - omg. heaven*The Corn on the Cob!.....nuff said.*Rioja braised short rib of beef with armagnac  soaked prunesand pommes puree - MY ABSOLUTE FAVE!!!The ambience is brilliant - brick and cozy - nice fireplace in the back of the restaurant with long communal-style wood block tables running down the center....  some cozy tables along the side, this is definitely not a place that you wold go to if you have a problem bumping elbows while standing or sitting, as it has always been PACKED when I've gone.They have a great bar full of just about anything that you could want - including some great cocktail creations like Red wine and lemon-lime soda, or Saicar 11- Spanish brandy, Corzo Reposado tequila, Cointreau, lemon, lime, sugar and salt rim.oh, and did I mention brunch?  really nice - not super-packed and alot of the same offerings on the regular menu, with some nice bfast dished mixed in, all-spanish-style!I really like this place, not the wait soo much, and the service isn't exactly top notch, but the food is great and comes out relatively fast considering how busy they usually are!I could write a novel about how good the place is - but I think 261 people beat me to it. I would say that this place needs to change it's name to "Wait" because you'll be doing allot of waiting and watching if you get here after 5 PM on a Friday or Saturday. Our group of 4 was about 1:15 at 6pm on Saturday. Food is AWESOME - try the marrow and the clams!Worth every minute of the wait....A special note to those sitting in the middle aisle: Expect to be fighting off the standing-room-waiting-tools who take your seat when you go to the bathroom, elbow your back on a regular basis, or slide their beer onto your table as if this were a pizza joint in college-town USA. For every time this happens savor an extra 5 minutes of tapa's to pass a little karma back their way.No reservations & you may have to wait a while for a table- esp. if you're a 2+ party.  Also, the service is always terrible.But the tapas are delicious!  Favorites are:Maiz AsadoFoie Gras with Pear ChutneyDatiles con JamonTortilla EspanolaPato con MembrilloThe food at Toro has never disappointed me. I have gone for there for dinner with friends, dates, and my father and it has always been delicious. As others have written before me, the grilled corn is to die for and although Parish tries to imitate it, they just don't do it justice. It will definitely cause you to lick your fingers to get all the yummy goodness. Of all the wonderful items I have ordered in the past, I wasn't thrilled with the skate. It even went to waste at a table of hungry women during restaurant week. Also, the salada de pollo I ordered off the lunch menu was salty and consisted of chopped iceburg/romaine mix. Definitely not worth the $10 I spent for it. Also, I must note that the ventilation in there is not so great. My date and I left our lunch smelling like leftover Chinese take-out. No thanks!I think we ate everything! I can't be sure what we all ordered because we left it up to one of our dining companions who'd been here before. He did an excellent job of ordering for the eight of us.Our waiter was very attentive, topping off our sangria during the entire meal, and he was kind enough to find a folding chair from outside in the freezing cold when we needed an extra seat.All the food was very nice and I appreciated the churros with chocolate dipping sauce for dessert!  Yum!When I first started visiting Toro a few years ago, I would have definitely given it five stars.  However, I'm not very patient, and after a few visits where my friends and I had a two hour wait or had to get there at 5PM so we could be seated rather promptly, they went down a notch.  I know this is picky, but here's my reasoning:  the food is better when they aren't busy.  Point blank.On a recent visit, after waiting for over two hours and getting seated around 10:30 on a Saturday night, my friend and I noticed that the food was better than ever before once the kitchen slowed down (we're talking six stars good).  I've tested this theory since, and I rest my case.  Go when they're slow (or slow for Toro, which is pretty much when there's room to breathe between the bar and the dining area).  You'll have a better dining experience that way!Fun, laid-back atmosphere, a menu filled with lots of tasty food, and outdoor seating on a warm, summer evening. I always look forward to Chef Ken Oringer's scrumptious sea urchin creations (which he features in different forms at all of his restaurants)...he's like Boston's Uni King! Toro is Chef Oringer's take on Spanish cuisine. Tomato and Watermelon Gazpacho - ahhhhh, so refreshing on a hot day. The gazpacho was served really cold (rather than just chilled) and effortlessly balanced the sweet and salty flavors.Escalivada Catalana - this blend of wood-roasted eggplants, onions, peppers, tomatoes, and olive oil tasted wonderful spread over bread. It was thick, slightly sweet, and whet my appetite for the procession of small plates to come. Uni Bocadillo - WOW! I relished in the bold flavors of this pressed uni sandwich with miso butter and pickled mustard seeds. Although the uni could have been fresher, it tasted soooooo good with the miso butter...biting through that hot, crispy bread into buttery, ocean flavors with a sharp zing from the mustard seeds. Mmmm! Za'atar and Honey Glazed Pork Ribs - the sweet honey was a perfect complement to the Moroccan spice. The meat was a bit dry, but still fell right off the bones. The yogurt also added a cooling touch to the dish. Overall, the flavors brought a lightness to the otherwise heavy ribs. Panza de Cerdo (crispy pork belly with sunchoke, escargot, fava beans and smoked maple crumble) - a fiesta of flavor! So many ingredients and tastes, all enhancing one another. The pork belly was cooked to perfection...meaty and fatty with a super, crispy layer of skin. The escargot was tender and smoky, adding a unique element to the dish. Erizos en Suquet (Catalan stew of sea urchin, lobster and crab meat) - it was like a rich and thick seafood bouillabaisse. While the taste of shellfish was evident in the stew, it was so salty that the sweet flavors of the lobster and crab meat were lost. I did appreciate the stew's creamy, unctuous undertone from the sea urchin though. Toro is my place to eat, drink and be merry in Boston!**For pics of each course, visit my blog link under my profile. Enjoy!***The place was slammed...wall to wall people and very noisy.  We had the bone marrow, Queso Mahon (cheese cubes in an oil), Atun Crudo, and Costilla de Buey (short rib).  Nothing was bad but nothing stood out.  The cheese (although the bartender did try to steer me away) felt like a sample at whole foods.  The short rib was tender and tasty and the tuna was also tasty but it felt like something you could have anywhere.  The bone marrow (I did not have) was reported to be nice for its easy access and the meat on the side and not too salty - after the other bone marrows (Eastern Standard, AKA Bistro) it was the best one so far. I would not go back only because it did not bring anything really that unique or different to the table.For a Ken Oringer restaurant, Toro is tremendously vegetarian-friendly. It's got all of the veggie tapas basics: pan con tomate, tortilla espanola, patatas bravas, almonds, olives, salad and vegetarian paella. It's also got some unusual items: green peppers with sea salt, hummus (on a Spanish menu?), and cauliflower with pinenuts and raisins. Everything I had was really good and the drinks were DELECTABLE. I tried three different cocktails and was super impressed by all of them as were my dining companions (the Perro Picante, the Cabana Boy and the Nantucket Mule, in case you were wondering). The only con is that the atmosphere is fun and casual, it can be pretty loud and there's not a lot of elbow space. So not great for an intimate dinner of any kind.For more vegetarian reviews, check out: veggiewala.comOh my god, this place makes me dream of their food. I went with three other friends, and we put our name on the waiting list - TWO hours. But that's okay, I was there early with one other dinner-goer, so we shared a bottle of wine at the sushi place across the street.I don't know if it was a blessing, but the other party of two was running so late that by the time they got there, the table was just ready. We shared a delicious pitcher of sangria which did not disappoint.From there, we just asked the waitress to pick seven dishes for us - and it turned out to be a grand slam!Highlights include the corn, short rib, brussel sprouts (and I pretty much hate brussel sprouts).. god everything was just so good.Perfect place! Totally worth the wait. DELICIOUS!Excellent restaurant, impressive drink list, and the best corn. ever.In addition to the corn, go with the smoked duck leg, the oysters, prosciutto and eggplant. You'll enjoy it.The wait for a table can be oppressive, but it is a scene. If you're feeling adventurous, order up a bottle of Cava in a porron, and relish in social acceptability as you have sparkling wine poured directly into your mouth.Worth the Wait for a Table!  Some Classics Were Botched...First off, if you're planning to dine at Toro, be prepared to wait!  The place does not take reservations, and it is very small.  I made Toro the destination for my birthday dinner last night (Wednesday), and it was totally packed at around 7:30pm.  The service at the bar was very prompt, so the wait for a table became a  bit less painful.  The wait for a table for 2 was about 30 minutes.  The tapas menu is quite extensive, so there was no shortage of options.  Below is my review for each dish:Aceitunas (Mixed Olives):  A basic starter, they were quite tasty.  Somewhat strong herb flavor because of the bay leaves though.Calamari Bocadillo:  Small baguette with fried calamari and black aioli.  Crispy and delish!  I can only assume the aioli was made with squid ink, so be warned.  I highly recommend it!Grilled Octopus:  This was a special for the evening.  The octopus was very tender and served with some roasted potatoes.  This was nicely prepared, since it's easy for octopus to get tough and rubbery.Mollejas: Crispy veal sweetbreads with blood orange.  This was FANTASTIC!  After watching Anthony Bourdain dive into the sweetbreads on No Reservations time and again, I had to have a try.  A++++ would order again!Asado de Huesos: Roasted bone marrow...also had to give it a go after seeing it eaten on TV so many times and with such enjoyment.  It did not miss!  PACKED with flavor!  The consistency might be a bit off putting for some since it's very gelatinous.  I used it as a spread on a few slices of bread and it did not disappoint!Bisted de Faldilla: Hanger steak.  A solid pick.  Tasty steak grilled to perfection.So all of this was very good, but there were a couple of picks that I was HUGELY disappointed with.  The sad part is, these were the ones that I thought would be the hardest to botch, given Toro's reputation and the grave seriousness with which Spaniards treat them.1. Jamon Serrano Redondo Iglesias:  Billed as "Premium Cured Spanish Ham" on the menu.  Listen...I've been to Spain twice, most recently in May 2010.  I've eaten the ham.  I dream about the ham, shaved so thin it's almost translucent, but still exploding with flavor.  THIS WAS NOT IT.  Not by a long shot.  What we were served was a cutting board piled high with some mildly flavored prosciutto.  It was tasty, but it was NOT the sacred ham.2.  Gambas al Ajillo:  For this one, Toro fell into the common trap that ensnares fancy restaurants every once in a while.  They abandoned the simple, classic, delicious tradition, and tried to put a fancy spin on it.  Google Gambas al Ajillo...every single picture you get shows a handful of shrimp in some olive oil with chunks of garlic, most likely served in a small clay dish.  I had to ASK the server what order of shrimp was on the table in front of me, because it looked NOTHING like that.  There were about 5 normal sized shrimp in some type of creamy tomato sauce with garlic.  They were quite good, but they were no gambas al ajillo.Ok, now that I'm done ranting about those two dishes, it's time for the summary.4 stars for sure.  If the jamon and gambas had been there, 5 stars would have been so easy.I definitely recommend this place 100%.  Maybe one day I will find the fabled Spanish ham!Best tapas in Boston, great atmosphere. Only negative is the inability to make reservations and the long wait to get a table (but hey, everyone wants a piece of that grilled corn!)Onto the food - here are my top suggested dishes (I've tried so many...sorry the list is a bit long):  -  "The showstopper" : Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese)  -  Foie Gras con Chutney de Pera (Foie Gras with pear and bacon chutney)  -  Aceitunas (Marinated olives in bay leaf, lemon and spices)  -  Gambas al Ajillo (Griddled garlic shrimp)  -  Costilla de Buey (Rioja braised short rib of beef with armagnac soaked prunes and pommes puree)   -  Datiles con Jamon (Medjool dates filled with Marcona almonds and Cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in Jamon Serrano)  -  Lengua con Lentejas y Salsa Verde (Smoked beef tongue with lentils and salsa verde)  - And lastly, for the adventurous : Asado de Huesos (Roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmalade)  As for the drinks - great cocktails and a fantastic wine list. Their caipirinhas are authentic and delicious.One note - they have taken reservations for Valentine's Day the past few years so that's something to jump on!Tapas are delicious...I've been twice and i will be going again. It gets really loud here so be warned but the food is worth it Big time. Beware overpriced drinks and buen provechoI'll give this place 3 stars.. perhaps 3.5... Since starting work in the South End, I've tried to make the rounds. I have to say, I don't love this place. I don't mind paying good money for good food, but I think in this place you are paying alot of money for the trendy factor. And this restaurant is very trendy and cool inside. The best thing you MUST order is the corn. I know, I was skeptical at first too. I mean, I like corn...but I rarely order it at a restaurant. But this corn is divine. Nom nom. I also got the cheeseburger. It was lunch time and I was hungry! Unfortunately, it dissapointed. I thought it was small, and pretty plain. I wish I had saved the $8 dollars and gotten a cheeseburger at McDonalds... it's similar in size.But again, it's not a bad place, it's fun and trendy. I might return for a girl's night or something. But I won't be returning when I'm hungry and looking for a really good, satisfying meal. Sorry Toro...It's a little ridiculous that I am just now writing this. I have eaten here at least 5 times. Only once for brunch though which is when I last checked in. Let me start by saying that anything Jaime Bisonette and Ken Oringer touch is golden to me. Things you need to order at dinner: -the corn-gambas ajillo (garlicky shrimp) -patatas brava -short rib-if they have the little lobster sliders do it trust me-the empanadas -duck drumettes-tortilla EspanolaThe list goes on and onTheir brunch is really nice also, my friend got the juevos rancheros and I got the eggs over easy with patatas and brava sauce. They also have a make your own mimosa bar which is cute.I wouldn't wait for any restaurant anywhere, but I took a chance.  I didn't wait as I was only one and willing to sit outside on a chilly night with a handful of others.Torto is 2nd only to Jaleo in DC.  Great food with plenty of flavor.  Big menu.  Great WbG.  I have a Priorat that was excellent.  Friendly, unpretentious fast service and kitchen, even with what looked like a 1000 people inside.  2 weaknesses.  The Crab Pincho was a bit to "creamy".  I wish they had dessert other than churros.  My neighbors had Paella Valenciana that smelled and looked terrific.  4 plates is plenty for a big eater, but I had to try the asparagus.  Mmmmmmmmmm.But barely.Long wait, strange service lapses and a busser who tried clearing our table several times before we were done eating (are you done with that dish?) overwhelmed what was otherwise a decent tapas evening.Some plates came twice, some came not at all and the bathroom area was filthy.  We did like the food though, great tortilla and good pricing on the wines.  Can't recommend the hamburgesa though.Yes the food is pretty good, but at some point, you just get tired of all of the other failures and what should have been a 3 or 4 star meal becomes a 2.Train your bussers please!Toro- Thursday night,i feel like there's nothing more to say then what has already been said.The food here is just fantastic - flavorful, delicious-oso, and enchanting.admittedly though, its cramped.and dim, apparently good for a first date, people look better in this light, and if the conversation sucks, well its loud too. so you can pretend you can't hear.Toro is one of the best tapas places in Boston. They don't take reservations and the tables fill up quickly for dinner so get there early! Try the bar if the wait is too long as the service is usually pretty fast there.Every dish is extremely flavorful especially their signature grilled corn with cheese which I order every time I am back. Their menu changes once in a while so there are always new things to try when I go back. Here are my favorite tapas from the last few times I was there:1. Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso - A2. Gambas al Ajillo - A3. Costilla de Bourguignon - B+4. Tuna Tartare - B+5. Duck confit - B6. Empanadas - B+The atmosphere is loud so it may not be the best place for a date but definitely a fun place to go with friends for drinks and some delicious tapas!Toro is a tapas bar in the South End.  I went here with my boss for my first celebratory week on the research project.  As having been to Spain and spent almost a week in Barcelona, it's hard to find tapas that matched what I had in Barcelona.  However, Toro is pretty amazing. The service was quick, everything we ordered came out quick and delicious.  The place is small, so if you're planning on going for dinner, be sure to make a reservation. If you have some serious dinero to blow, I recommend Toro.  As for me, my next visit won't be anytime soon due to the price.What to try:Pimientos de padronGambas al ajilloMaiz asado con alioli y queso cotijaVentrsacaPatatas BravasI believe my visit was mid December and it was freezing out. We might not have had a ton of snow this year, but we had our fair share of cold nights! When we got there, the wait was 30-40 minutes and the place was packed. It must've been 25 to 30 degrees out, but that didn't stop me from standing outside and waiting for that food. I'd heard so much about it from friends, and online, I didn't come all this way to go back home. Once we got in, the service was great and the food even better. The tables were a bit tight but that didn't matter once the food started arriving. It was all SO good. We had a tuna crostini, foie gras, corn, steak, garlic shrimp, and lots more. It was all outstanding. My favorites would be the corn, the garlic shrimp, and the foie gras. The foie was perfectly cooked and set on a crostini so the crunchy bread soaked up all the foie fat that dripped off. It was great. It was ALL great, and I can't wait to go back!As we did with our entire stay, we planned our outing to Toro carefully, because we knew it was going to be pretty busy.  Unfortunately, we got caught up doing a whole whack of things that delayed us until about 8:30pm, probably the worst time for us to show up.  The very friendly hostess took our names and cell number down and let us know it would be a 1 to 1.5 hour wait, so we decided to explore the South End in the interim (there isn't a whole lot extremely close, you need to venture a few blocks away to see anything of note, other than the great row-houses, of course).  Flour down the street had all but sold out of everything we'd wanted to get, and closed at 9pm so we came back a bit early, sat on a bench in front of Mike's City Diner (also closed) next door, and waited patiently.We checked on the wait about an hour in, and were told that a table would be opening up soon (the diners had paid, they just needed to get up and leave - couldn't fault them for staying, but we were STARVING).  Thankfully, we got a table for four on the patio rather than inside (it was pretty hopping, loud and crowded in there).As I'm mentioning about most of my Boston reviews, the service was more competent than warm.  I have no problem with this, but some may, so fair warning here.  Thankfully, the food really, REALLY makes up for that!Thank God we were so hungry - it forced us to have more than we normally would have, here's what we got (we were worried about looking like pigs, but the waitress assured us that others often order far more):Pate De Cerdo (well-textured, but with less of a flavour punch than I'd have expected/liked, one of the less memorable dishes)Jamon Bianco (thin strips of white ham fat with kimchee-pickled pears - not immediately appetizing to some, but a texturally intriguing dish - silky and flavourful)Escalivada Catalana (smoked eggplant, with onions, peppers, tomatoes, sherry vinegar and olive oil - served cold - this was one of my favourites!  The taste was complex and unctious - could have just eaten several plates of this alone!)Mais Asado (the infamous corn dish, of which there are umpteen photos posted - and it certainly lived up to the hype - just park any dietary concerns at the door before you have it, though - healthy, it ain't)Patatas Bravas (good, but not great - the potatoes they used were a little too starchy, and it didn't lend itself to a great mouthfeel - I've had a lot of PB in my time, including in Madrid, so maybe I'm just a little spoiled here - the aioli and red sauce were good)Asado de Huesos (bone marrow - buttery, imminently spreadable, beautifully-presented, and with a side of bread, radish citrus salad and a surprisingly substantial amount of meat-heavy oxtail marmalade)Costilla de Buey (short-ribs with farro salad - probably the biggest disappointment - there wasn't a lot of rib, and it wasn't particularly moist/tender, farro was okay)Coliflor a la Plancha (roasted cauliflower - fragrant and perfectly chopped pieces made for easy gobbling, up there with the eggplant, which makes even me, a devout meat-etarian, consider doing an all-veggie meal there next time I go)Pato con Membrillo (smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze - delicious - if I had to nitpick, they could have been done a little longer for added fall-off-the-bone-ishness, but they were huge and make my mouth water even now)Queso de Cabra (Vermont goat cheese with pistachios and honey - mmmm...could you make this on your own, yes, easily, but you'd have to make sure you got your hands on some damn fine goat cheese first)Croquettas (not the cod ones on their website - so we must have had something seasonal - though I'm not sure how pork is endemic to summertime - regardless, delicious)With beers, tax and tip, the bill came to about $175 for the four of us - a bargain, if you ask me for the quality of food we had here.  The entire rest of the trip, we half-joked about just going back there to have the rest of our meals.  Maybe next time that's what we'll do!  Looking forward to sampling their new Manhattan location during my next trip to NYC.We had a Gilt Group coupon for an 8-course tasting, with wine pairings, and it was amazing! The coupon came with a reservation, so there was no wait, we just walked right in, got handed glasses of Cava, and the deliciousness started...First up was tomato toast, which was a basic dish and a decent start-- grilled bread with tomato innards and salt on top. Kind of like a more basic bruschetta, without all the extras. Next we had tiny sardines in olive oil, and two raw oysters with a citrus foam that made the whole bite taste creamy and lemony, and almost like a savory lemon sherbet. Also a dish of tiny roasted green peppers, which were mild and reminded me of edamame in terms of the vegetable-ness paired with oil and sprinklings of salt. Then we had a tuna tartare with coconut milk and crispy shallots (tasty but I admit I prefer it Japanese-style), and some cooked tuna on bread with some accompaniments I can no longer remember.Next up was my personal favorite-- an uni bocadillo. Think grilled cheese sandwich, only instead of cheese it was sea urchin roe. So sweet, so creamy, so crispy on the outside, just perfection. If you ever have the opportunity to order it, do so!After the seafood we had a charcuterie plate with two kinds of ham and pork pate, then an empanada with garlic aioli and tomatillo sauce. Then we had fried sweetbreads with a black bean/orange sauce (a little sweet for my taste), and some delicious roasted cauliflower with pine nuts and golden raisins.By this point we were up to 11 dishes and I was getting extremely full, but the plates kept coming! We had a plate of perfectly crispy potatoes with aioli and tomato sauce, and a braised beef cheek over quinoa which I was too full to do more than nibble at. Then the house specialty roasted corn (again, just nibbled, but it was tasty-- could've used more lime). Last up was a pair of churros with a deep chocolate sauce-- perfectly acceptable, but I like my churros less eggy, so I didn't even try to make room in my already-distended stomach for more than a bite.I feel sure I'm missing a dish or two in there, because I thought I remembered us counting up to 16-17 dishes, but honestly, I can't remember any others specifically. Must have been all the wine. Did I mention the wine? We were each offered seven-- count 'em, SEVEN-- glasses of wine in total-- Cava, two whites (bland), three reds (all delicious), and a glass of port. And these weren't sissy pours, these were almost full glasses!All in all, we paid $200 for the Gilt Group coupon, getting a three-hour dinner for two, including fourteen total glasses of wine. You can't get a better deal than that! I will be back, that's for sure!!!I've been using Yelp for quite some time now, but I've always told myself that I wouldn't write a review until I found the next restaurant to add to my favorites list.  It's a very short list, just a few restaurants that I could go to every night and never get sick of them.  Well, Toro ... welcome to the fold!  I've been to Tapas restaurants in the past, but I don't think I've encountered one with the creativity and unexpected whimsy I found at Toro.  I found that at least one element in almost every dish was entirely new to me, and in some cases, the combinations were such a pleasant surprise.The Drinks - These guys have a drink called the Honey Badger.  The Honey Badger is really pretty badass.  The Honey Badger may not give a ####, but in drink form it's freaking tasty! Sweet and boozy: a potentially troublesome combination if you have any after-dinner plans. I had a few different drinks (all great!) throughout the evening, but this one sticks out the most. For Pinchos, we had: Datiles con Jamon--A perfect bite with an awesome sweet filling.  Top 3 for the night.Foie Gras with Fig--Such a pleasant blend of savory and sweet on a crostini, perfect consistency and taste for the Foie Gras.  The fig was just what this dish needed for balance.For Tapas, we had: Costilla de Buey--Short ribs were so tender they practically fell apart, coupled with hazelnuts. Top 3 for the night.Maiz Asado con Aioli y Queso Cotija--Ah, yes. The infamous corn dish. If there was ever a dish that makes you feel like you should be taking a trip to fat camp at meal's end, this is probably it!  But guess what? You'll still be thanking yourself while running laps!  The flavor combination was so unbelievable!  A must have for any visitors.  Top 3 for the night.Though I did love a majority of the dishes I tried, I feel it would be a disservice to the Yelp crowd to not list some of the dishes that I found slightly underwhelming in comparison.  The Atun Tartare was, at least for me, a little bland.  Additionally, the churros (dessert) were also a little underwhelming, as I was expecting something bolder to cap off the meal.  Let's just say when your worst complaint is "underwhelming" after singing praises on 14(!) other dishes, it's a pretty damn good meal.The Service & Ambience - One thing I instantly loved about Toro was their laid-back atmosphere and staff.  The service was terrific and fluid, the staff was incredibly helpful (lots of great recommendations), and the entire restaurant felt low-key for such a great dining experience.  I can't begin to recommend Toro enough.  If you're looking for amazing food in a relaxed atmosphere, this is the place!Oh. My. God. !!! This is my new favorite restaurant. The food was so incredible, I ate for three hours. I really like their cocktail list too - great drinks! I don't really know what to say other than come here and spend your entire night eating because you'll have a wonderful time. I adore tapas. It showcases the chef's talents because you can try a lot of what he has to offer. Also, it allows you to try something you may not have otherwise. If you don't like it, hey! it's only 1 tapa! That being said, I liked everything anyway. Come here and have fun. Seriously.If crowds and noise bother you, then stay home.Haven't been to boston in a while.  Visiting from Chicago.   My friend saw a special on GILT so we decided to take a chance.   They don't take reservations.    But we came at 5:30 and only waited a couple minutes.   Place is really small and feels cramp.    We order a few things but got the stripped bass for 2.   It was delicious!!!First off, this is a place to come and spend some money.Incredible in every way.  Dinner here is an event, and it encompasses what a dining "experience" is.  The space, ambiance, cocktails and dishes transport you to Spain, sadly bringing you back when its you walk back out into the South End.Wines by the glass, half bottle and some on tap.  Deep cocktail list keeps you anxious to try the next.  Wide array of bottled beer and usually a $2 16oz PBR or 'Gansett can for the hipsters.  I seem to orbit around the Caipirinha's - I can't get enough of them.First timers can be overwhelmed by the constant flow of plates, if you're ordering right.  Olives, Marcona Almonds, goat cheese (although the plating was a notch down last visit), green peppers with salt, tuna tartare and Serrano ham are first round musts.The beet salad is a great transition from the "appetizer" plates to the "entree" dishes.The paella is the real deal.  I've had the Vallencia about 4 times (shrimp, mussels, clams, chorizo, chicken) and it is so flavorful.  Saffron, salt, pepper, and all the proteins create an incredible dish.  If you're ordering 3-4 plates per person, even a half order is enough for 5 people.  I'd love to try the pork or vegetable paella, but its hard to betray the Vallencia.Grilled corn, like EVERY other review says, is an absolute must.  The lime juice complements the chili and cheese so well.  The aioli is perfect.  Great dish.I've enjoyed pork belly much more in different applications than this one, but that is personal preferance and its still a good dish.    The miniburgers are always cooked perfect with a nice creaminess from the aioli and sweetness from the smoked tomato ketchup and pickled onion.    The housemade chorizo and onions special is really special.  If its on the board, don't miss out.I always eat too much out of the gates and satisfied quickly, but I can't wait to try the pork loin with spicy apple relish and apple butter, duck drumettes and everything else on the menu.I've been here 4-5 times and I can't get enough.  I wish I could eat here twice a week.  Favorite restaurant by far.  Great experience.Toro's right here in my hood and I've neglected to review it.  How could I??!  Forgive me Toro.Toro has a lively, fun atmosphere and great tapas and drinks.  They change the drink menu at Toro every season (it seems) and the drinks are yummy, super creative and different from offerings at other restaurants.  My absolute fave is the corn on the cob and the yellowfin tuna sashimi.  Simply delish!The service is mainly good but can be slow if the place is crowded.  Minus one star for not taking reservations.For food? Five stars. This is the place that made me fall in love with cow's intestine and blood sausage for god's sake. For drinks? Four stars. If they're willing to char their limes before mashing them into my caipirinha then I'll give them brownie points.But hospitality gets one star at best. They don't take reservations and they don't apologize for a two-hour wait. Sure, they employ eye candy at the door. But how fun is it to get bitched out by eye candy ninety minutes into your wait for a table. Seriously. They're not even gracious about being in demand. I've hosted in decent restaurants. And that is just not ok. Go for the tripa and for the selection of spanish wines. Just go on a weeknight, and in packs of two.Went here for date night last night (Wednesday). One word: PHENOMENAL. Amazing food, great service, love the ambiance; overall, GREAT experience!Had wanted to try Toro for some time and finally did last week.  It was great.  I got the Foie Gras, Sweetbreads, Bone Marrow, and Beef Heart.  Me and my friend got seated immediately (6:30 PM) and had our plates staggered so they did not get cold.  The foie gras was delicious.  It had a delicate glaze and served as one piece on a toasted piece of bread.  The beef heart was reminiscent of rare roast beef and was very tender and light. The sweetbreads were good, I thought the glaze was a little overpowering.  I'm not sure what sweetbreads taste like (and whether or not the glaze was purposely strong to hide any less than pleasant flavors.  The bone marrow was great (perhaps a tad over-seasoned) and the oxtail which accompanied it was delicious.  My friend got the olive bowl and a little bowl of cheese and both were decent (not totally wowed).Service was good considering how busy the restaurant was, I will definitely go again to try some different treats.We've gone back about 3 times since my original review.  A few things that stick out in mind:- The whole "not taking reservations thing" but then taking reservations for some people is a bit of a slap in the face.- The place needs better ventilation, because it gets hot and SMOKEY.- The corn is still everyone's favorite, even if it's messier than the expressway during rush hour.- I always order the cod fritters (glorified fish sticks) and the serrano jamon, and they always meet my expectations.- The nantucket mule is very similar to the cranberry bog at Franklin Cafe.  They are both delicious and prevent scurvy.We went to Toro on New Years Eve. I'd never been before because they don't take reservations and the wait for a table is usually longer than I'm willing to sit around - luckily on New Years Eve, it was reservation only. Before I get to the food, by biggest complaint was that they sat us (a party of 2) at one of the big communal high tops in the center of the room that hold 8 people. I specifically asked for a regular table when I made the reservation, but I was told when I got there that we'd have to wait another 45 mins for a regular table. This annoyed me a little to say the least, but in the end it worked out because they never sat anyone else at our table, so we had the whole thing to ourselves! I got the sense that people were lingering over their meals way longer than expected, so that's why we got bumped.The food was solid - not blow my mind slightly orgasmic good - but solid nonetheless. We got:corn - the house specialty. not exactly something I'd eat on a 1st date, but it was really goodolives - we snacked on them between coursesbrussel sprouts - I love brussel sprouts, and these were mighty good, save for the fact that a few were a little burntshort ribs - I'm a sucker for short ribs. Really tender. Well cooked.kobe sliders - I could have eaten about 50 of these. Really well balanced burgerduck confit flat bread - the weakest thing we ordered. nothing was terrible about it, but it felt kind of boringcrispy chicken with farro and mushrooms - THE HIGHLIGHT OF THE MEAL! Mind you, this is coming from someone who doesn't order chicken in restaurants usually because I can do it just fine at home. Why not 5 stars you ask? Well, the South End has so many great restaurants, and this wasn't any better than many places in that neighborhood (sibling rivalry, masa, tremont 647 etc).  Plus, the fact that the brussels sprouts were a tad burned, the subpar duck confit flatbread and the little snafu with the seating situation should not be expected from a restaurant at this price pointToro is simply the best tapas in Boston - you just have to be ready to brave long long lines and deafening crowds. Don't come here if you are in a hurry or in a large group or intend to hear what the person next to you is saying.  I suggest coming in for Sunday tea - awesome drinks and lovely shirtless men serving cava directly into your mouth. yummmmI stopped into Toro for lunch and enjoyed their Restaurant Week selection. I had the fois gras supplement, which is good, if a bit small (however it was a pincho, so this makes sense). For tapas, I ordered the uni bocadillo which was deliciously messy and the mussels, which were excellent. I sat at the bar and the gentleman who waited on me was very polite and attentive.He suggested an excellent wine to pair with my uni and mussels.My only issues with Toro were one: the hostess. As others have said, she's not the most friendly of folks. Though she was perfectly fine to me (I arrived early before it was busy), I did watch her rudely interrupt several diners to ask them to "scootch down" or move to another table, which is kinda of awkward. Be more strategic in your original seating and leave your guests to dine in peace. Secondly, there were several things I ordered that were described one way on the menu, but arrived quite different. For example, the mussels were to be served with blood sausage, but came with chorizo. Not a serious offense, but still not expected. Also, I ordered the Tres Quesos supplement that somehow included only Manchego cheese. I don't fully understand how 6 slices of Manchego equals three cheeses, but whatever. It was delicious nonetheless and I encourage anyone to check Toro out.Note to self: Try the corn next time!What more can you say. This is a fantastic Spanish Tapas restaurant in the South End with "home-made" like offerings! Jamie B, one of the co-owners is there often and is a tremendously talented chef. He and Ken have done a wonderful job with Toro's. Focus on the tapas plates as they are amazingly prepared.They do get busy so I recommend a reservation or try to hit up the bar! Kristina, Luis and comapany are often behind the bar and they are extremely warm and friendly.They have a sweet wine list also...We got brunch here one weekend in the spring.  Pretty solid fare - the highlight of our meal was the smoked ham.  We also got a home fries-ish dish and the grilled corn; some olives and an eggplant dish.  About the corn -- yes, it is quite good -- in the same way that anything copiously slathered with garlicky mayo, I mean "aioli", is good.  I found that scraping off the aioligoo with my knife before biting in made for a much more tasty experience: chili, lime and charred corn -- what's not to love? Oh, and this same mayomix made its way into many of our tapas, so Toro does not score points for versatility.  I won't go out of my way to come here again, but I wouldn't be averse to stopping by if I'm in the South End.At first when I stepped into toro, I didn't realize that I would thinking and SALIVATING for its tapas for days. Every dish that we ordered was a little piece of heaven and the 'maz asado con alioli y queso cotija' (GRILLED CORN with alioli, lime, espelette pepper, and aged cheese) resonated in my taste buds weeks later.I highly recommend the fois gras with pear & bacon chutney, the 'asado de huesos' (roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad + oxtail marmalade), the 'corazon a la plancha' (grass-fed beef heart with romesco), 'lengua con lentejas y salsa verde' (smoked beef tongue with lentils and salsa verde), and (i guess i'm a bit adventurous when it comes to food) so if you don't try ANY of those -- at least get the GRILLED CORN. I didn't think the hanger steak a la plancha was worth it for its size. the paella was average. and the mussels were good, but there are obviously better things to try at Toro. I went with three other friends on a Sunday evening around 6pm, so the wait wasn't too bad. I highly recommend going on an 'off' day at an 'off' time - obviously not a Friday night.It's fantastic, it's lively.  The food is amazing - try anything, try everything.  Yes, the wait is usually LONG but worth it.Went here for lunch - wasn't disappointed. The only negative was that we were seated near the door, so every time anyone came in we got blasted with cold air. The beef heart with romesco was AWESOME. My only experience with beef heart was having anticuchos in Peru, which were always hit-or-miss - the beef heart here was shaved super thin, so you don't get that weird stringy texture beef heart can sometimes have. I wish we would have ordered several of these - I would have loved to make a sandwich out of this dish alone. Definitely try it! It's super cheap, too - only $3!We also shared the corn (delicious), a salad (good), and the milanesa bocadillo (the bread was super crispy, really really good). It was cool to watch the staff breaking down a pig at the edge of the dining room (my BF and I are both cooks, so we're used to this kind of stuff -  but I can see how it might make some people squeamish :p).Service was ok... the backwaiter seemed a little overzealous to fully refill our water glasses every time we took a sip, but I guess that's better than waiting forever for a refill, haha.Also, the reason for 4 stars - the music. I kept looking at my bf like "WTF are they playing??!?!"  For a tapas place, I was expecting something a little more... I dunno, Spanish... and a little less "smack my bitch up/gin and juice"-ish. very weird and sort of distracting.Best of Boston. I woke up this morning thinking about the sweetbreads.Squid with ink aioli on a bit of toast Tuna sashimi with fermented black beans & scallionSweetbreads (thymus, FYI) with blood orange & cinnamonPork belly with escargots & chokesBraised squid Everything was cooked with incredible skill. The small plates make it really nice for sharing/trying many things. I would say stick to the wine list -- it's pretty excellent. The atmosphere is great, love the dim lights and great servers. They do a great job with locality of the food they serve and the servers have it all straight. I usually am at Masa for tapas but Toro blows it out of the water entirely. I will be back to try the tongue and uni. Nom nom nom.Toro is by far one of the best restaurants in Boston. They are unbelievably busy all the time, but still have great customer service!The corn and the duck legs are unbelievable. Anything with the garlic aoili is worth ordering. Be prepared to stand near the bar and wait, but order a delicious sangria and its no problem. Toro is the standard by which I measure all other tapas.I don't know... It was okay, but I don't quite get all the freak-out rave reviews.  Any why can't they take reservations? I don't get it. We got the paella, corn, short ribs and some wine. The corn was the best part - but anything smothered in creamy goodness better be good. Short ribs were good. Paella looked really good, but was pretty bland.  We had heard it was the dish to get - so I was kinda bummed that it didn't wow me.  NOT a fan of sitting next to strangers on either side at the freaking hightop table. My mother in law was about to have a stroke when the loud-mouth med students next to us were yammering on and on. Service was excellent.This place is great. The atmosphere and ambiance were great, the staff are always on it when it comes to replacing your plates, filling up the bread. Its pricey, but that is to be expected. Highlights:- the corn (actually, anything with aioli)- hamburgesas- oysters- the duckI heard they change their menu frequently, regardless this place is always about quality. A must visit if you live in Boston.The prices look good, but remember that these are Tappas. Small dishes that will add up to a bill of most likely atleast $30. Expensive? Yes, somewhat? But....Potatoes Bravas.Grilled corn.So worth it!! Great food, great feel in the restaurant and great unique flavors.If you haven't been your missing out! The atmosphere is sultry, with warm lighting (although it's a bit small but it's VERY COZY) this little gem in the south end is the perfect date spot or a place to bring your significant other. There is a bit of a wait but what's 1.5 to 2 hrs top for amazing food (trust me, it's well worth it!)? The corn w/ butter and cheese melts in your mouth. The eggplant. The duck. WOW. Last but not least, their sangria. I'm not exactly sure what they put in it but with amazing food and in good company it's the perfect combination to making this place euphoric. I'll definitely be coming back for more soon. I LOVE YOU TORO.My guess is that someone mentioned Torro to you, and you haven't been there before, and you're looking them up on Yelp to see what people are saying about the place.Well, put away your fancy smart phone and just go eat there.  I assure you, you will not have a better and more reasonably priced dining experience in Boston (except for maybe Coppa, but they're owned by the same folks, so they've got a pretty similar menu and feel).If you're going with a friend for brunch, make sure you don't order a serving of the bone marrow or the sliders... get TWO orders, because your friend will want to eat half of yours, and you will want more of the magical deliciousness.Oh, and make sure you get the corn!As both a restaurant industry person and a food snob, I just can't find anything to complain about with this place.  The food and service are always top notch, regardless of how busy they are (an impressive feat!), and the staff is always personable and attentive (and quite attractive!)After a few hours of downing generic New England beers on tap at Clery's on a cold winter evening, we decided a change of scenery was needed. All we could think was, 'tapas', and the only place at 11 PM on Saturday night that seemed appealing was Toro.Needless to say, I have dined here previously multiple times, but this occasion was notable for the sheer drunkenness, the Proustian reminiscences of time past, and, of course, the alimentary delights of the evening. We started out with Sangria and Calimocho, while waiting (ah, the wait at Toro - no doubt commented upon numerous times by fellow Yelp-izans so I will not bother) for a table.While continuing with one-upmanship with more stories of Bacchanalian and other conquests of different flavors from years behind, the food began to arrive. First, my personal favorite: the Asado de Huesos - or roasted bone marrow. Slightly nutty, mostly lard, and topped on crusty bread with parsley, one can hardly imagine a more sublime delight for the senses. Next, the senses were marred with the Jamon Serrano Redondo Iglesias - premium cured Spanish ham, contrasting nicely with the subtle flavor of the bone marrow. And of course, a night at Toro is hardly complete without the waiter offering a final repast of Gamon al Ajillo - the grilled garlic shrimp, a delicious snack which obliterates any previous memory of the bone marrow from one's gustatory apparatus.In keeping with the number of Calimochos consumed, little else can be recalled from the night. Nonetheless, the simple fact that these dishes were remembered with such fondness speaks to the high quality of Toro.Probably as Foodie as Boston will get, but make no mistake this isn't to knock the place, just a suggestion to go there. I appreciated the Vegetarian Menu, but was marveled by the rest. I made an exception to eat some of the seafood items of the menu, since the seafood here was the freshest I've ever seen, and indeed it tasted that way. Nice small plates, though arguably a tad too small with some portions, Jonah crab, I'm looking at you! The food was  a nice mix of tasties and curiosities that could ever have been paired in Boston. The cocktails are strong but made with conviction!The waitresses were spot on with their personality and service. My only complaint the sea bass could have been jazzed up a bit more, perhaps more herbs. A wonderful meal that was enjoyed with wonderful company. If we ever came back to Boston, it would be for this place alone.What a treat!!! I wish this was in my hometown   My favorites: 1) canvas al ajillo, 2) maiz asado con alioli y queso, 3) pimientosAlso get the Honey badger cocktail!Good place, my favorite was corn with cheese.Fantastic, just fantastic.  Try their datiles con jamon.  Super savory.Bold statement right off the bat:  I had the greatest piece of food, ever, at Toro.  Keep reading kids, it gets MUCH better.Came here for terrific lady night with the wife.  Got there around 7 and had to wait an hour for a 2 top.  Other reviews said that you'll have to wait, and we did, but man was it worth it.We sat down right near the window and immediately took in the decor.  Very dark, very sexy, but something was off.  With all of this rustic and beautiful tones, there was 90's rap playing.  I'm not going to be a snob about music, and I'm pumped my fist when Slick Rick came on, but it just didn't fit.  It actually lightened things up a bit, which was welcome.On to the foods.  We had a great waiter who made some awesome drink and food suggestions.  We started off with the Honey Badger (moonshine, aperol, honey) and the Fresita (gin, rhubarb, strawberry, mint).  Hoooooooly (expletive deleted), were these drinks incredible.  Fairly priced for the size and quality of the drink.  We were served soft bread before the food came out, but not oil or dipping sauce.  I thought this was weird, until I bit into the bread and realized that there was no need for it.  The bread itself was fresh and delicious.  For tapas, we got the following:-Rabbit Pate with a spicy homemade grain mustard (Awesome)-Cod Fritters with a lemon alioli (lightly breaded, full of cod and tons of flavor)-Grilled Corn with alioli (I've had this at many places, but this was easily the best)-Roasted Bone Marrow (Literally THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER EATEN)-Crispy Pork Belly (a little fatty and light on flavor, but good)I didn't mind the pork belly being the lowlight of the meal, because everything else was INCREDIBLE.  The char of the grill on the corn added that smokeyness and rich flavor to the creamy alioli.  And when I tell you that the bone marrow was the best thing I've ever had, please take that seriously.  I'm a fat guy who has an expansive palate and has eaten almost every cultural offerings when it comes to food.  This killed me.  It tasted like butter with lemon and sea salt.  Nothing else.  I spread it on the bread for the table and just took in the moment.  I wasn't joking when I told the waiter I wanted 5 more orders of it.For our last round of drinks, we got the Perro Picante (gin, grapefruit, spicy pepper) and the Sanguinello Hi-Ball (aperol, gin, blood orange).  The Perro was del-ICIOUS but the Hi-ball kind sucked.  The flavors were bland and didn't mix well together, but who cares.  This place did everything right.  Every single thing.  I praise Ken Oringer for his creativity and will definitely be back again.What a wait!  After two and a half hours of fighting for a spot to stand, we finally get to sit down by the bar.  The food is fun and tasty.  The crowd is young and hip, or older singles looking to mingle.  If you have four hours to kill for a meal, the price is not bad and the food is inventive and good.  Come have a wait!I am not really sure what all the hype is about. Yes, they have a nice space. Yes, some of the dishes are tasty. However, when you weigh this against the constant crowds and incredibly inconsistent food, I just don't see what all the fuss is about.While, Boston is not particularly well represented in the Tapas genre (or Spanish cuisine in general), let's not get desperate and elevate average food to "must-have" status just because the competition is thin.I like the effort, but I have yet to be blown away by the final product.Toro is probably the best place in Boston to get tapas. I've been here a bunch of times for dinner, and have not had anything that wasn't delicious.Food: Where to start? Listing all of the great dishes would simply be a copy of the menu, however there are a few that stand out above the rest. The corn, its famous for a reason, lightly charred and smothered with aioli and cheese all it needs is a little squeeze from the provided limes. The patatas bravas are really good too, the sauce is a little spicy, but mostly rich earthy and smokey. The Padron peppers are also a must, whats better than food Russian roulette? (Although the GF didn't believe how spicy they could be after not getting a spicy one in our first two orders, well she found out last time and has sworn off them for a while). I recommend not ordering all at once, but in batches.Drinks: A great beer/wine/cider list pairs great with a very strong cocktail program. From tart and funky Basque cider to Rioja to a calimocho there is a very broad range of delicious drinks that go great with any of the dishes.Atmosphere: Busy, loud, and lots of energy. The patio seating in the summer and fireplace in the winter are great. Final Thoughts: Get here early to get a table, the restaurant fills up in about 20 min after opening (sometimes sooner). Service is good, although slightly hectic. However, despite these slight problems, Toro is a must try!Go early. You'll need time to find parking for one thing. If you don't get there within 30 minutes of opening you'll have to wait. Is it worth it? Why yes it is. Small space, jovial atmosphere (some would call it loud). Not the warmest staff. But the food is amazingHad the pimientos del padron (a spicy Russian roulette with 1 in every 10-15 being fairly spicy), the oysters en Escabeche(I love their oysters), Maiz asado (the one dish I think is overrated here), the steak a la plancha (excellent), jamon Quercia (very good, but not the same as the Iberico but we were here at Brunch), pan con tomate (a good version), the huevos con Esparragos ( a good starter for the breakfast part of brunch, the Spanish do eggs well). And of course the Churros (great)Will go back, despite the hassles of getting there.Wow the food here was so good! I am so excited for the one to open in NYC!!!Anyway, I can tell you that as with most people said, the grilled corn was really good. But - the most unexpected thing that I really liked with the salted cod fritter - it was like a combo of potato croquette and fish stick, yum. The dates with ham, almond and blue cheese was tasty. I wish I lived there because I would also love to try the grilled shrimp, torta espanola, empanadas and so so much more! My drink was amazing - not too overly sweet and not too weak (important element my friends!). We also had an amazing cheese plate and churros - very nice end to the meal!Great music, delicious food.My husband and I always look for a tapas restaurant whenever we travel to a new city. Toro definitely didn't disappoint. Tuna crudo was delicious as was pork belly and jamon wrapped dates. Tried bone marrow for the first time-surprisingly delicious with oxtail bruschetta. Least favorite was the honey and goat cheese -not that it was bad, just not as exciting as the rest.Don't go if you are starving, we got there at 830 pm and still waited nearly forty minutes for a table (granted it was a Saturday night). You can walk down the street to terango for mango sangria while you wait (they take your cell and will call you when a table is ready).Before heading to Boston, I did a quick yelp search for all the good food that I needed to plan into my trip and Toro popped up on my list. I'm not going to lie, the corn dish caught my eye and I was sold after reading all of the reviews about how good it was.  Fois gras is also banned in the state of California (something about inhumane production of the food) and since it was on the menu at toro we were convinced to make this happen.Things you need to know:1) They don't accept reservations.2) Get their early.  The place opened at 5:30, we arrived at 7:00 and the wait was 2 hours.  (We went across the street to a wine/sushi bar and entertained ourselves while we waited)3) It's dark in there.  We were literally using the candles on the table to read the menu.  I think they were trying to set a sort of cool evening ambiance.  They could have increased the lighting though. 4) The portions are small.  But it's tapas so it's expected...and you get to order more and try more dishes!4) All aside.. the food is devine!My two favorites were the grilled shrimp and the corn.  The grilled shrimp was seasoned to perfection.  It was garlic and spanish spices.  I wanted to lick the plate... but instead i used some of the bread to sop it up and enjoy every last bit of the flavors.  The corn was yummy.  It wasn't drenched in the creme sauce, but had just enough.  Was perfectly cooked, had that flavorful summer sweetness, and had a perfect combination of sweet and salty.  We also had the fois gras, which was paired with red peppers and had a beautiful texture and flavor.  I'm no connosieur, but it was so light and tender I wanted more.  We had the bone marrow which was hands down the best bone marrow I've ever had.  You only need a little bit to capture the flavor and the texture and the portion was enough for all three of us to get a good taste.  Our last dish was the tuna tartare.  This had a beautiful pairing of flavors.  There was coconut milk, lime, and spice in it.  The tuna was also perfectionThe three of us paired our meal with the hibiscus tequila drink.  This thing is a creeper.  Beware!  It's delicious, pretty, and strong at the same time.  DANGER!!I'd definitely go back.  As a matter of fact, it's officially a must go anytime I go to Boston!  Too bad it's a 5 hour plane ride away from me :(Scale 1 = poor, 5 = outstandingCUSTOMER SERVICE:  5FOOD:  5 -- our favorite restaurant in Boston. Sets the bar for consistency in excellence.AMBIANCE: 5 - very South End chic, busyVALUE: 5 - pricey but always worth it.  Even the cheap wines are good.Tapas is certainly hot right now and although I have ordered Tapas from menus, Toro was my first real experience - and I left very happy. Setting/Scene: Small but warm and energetic. We did an early friday evening meal so it was not busting at the seams yet. Note for the future.Service: A++, our server was spot on attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly! Food is important but service defines my experience. And tonight it was spot on.Food: Delicious. Three people seems to be the magic number as each of us ordered two things, plus an order of corn. With six dishes and corn some were good but wouldn't order again, others were awesome. I would highly recommend the Oyster with Saffron and Tabasco emulsion, Grilled Octopus, Duck drummettes, and of course the grilled corn with aioli.The portions varied dish to dish. Some of the dishes were huge, others were small. Regardless, I left full!1 word: SABROSA!  I have gone here several times over the past 2 years, and it never ceases to disappoint.  It long ago replaced Tasca as my go-to Tapas place that I bring visiting friends and family to.  I usually start with the Foie Gras Chutney and the Stuffed Dates (sooo good and surprisingly easy to make at home).Then, I ALWAYS get the maiz asado (the most delicious combo of grilled corn rolled in garli aoili and then dipped in cheese-- this is not as easy to make at home, but it is possible).   Then we usually get the cod croquets, the patatas bravas, and either the duck drumbettes or the braised short rib (VERY GOOD).The only mistake we ever made was ordering the salt crusted Mediterranean Sea bass-- it  was a full fish, crusted in a salty dough and baked-- the dough was too salty to eat, and the flavor of the fish wasn't worth the work it took to get to it.  The cocktails were great-- favorites are 'la granada', the 'carmelized caipirhinha', and 'verdad y amor'.    Be careful though, they do include eggwhites in a lot of the cocktails, so if you don't want that, make sure to tell your server.Overall atmosphere is great-- crowded but in classy way.  Staff is pretty awesome too-- I love to speak (albeit broken) spanish & they always oblige me.  I wouldn't go here in a group of larger than 4 people EVER-- it makes it almost impossible to snag a table.One of my favorite meals.  The restaurant is bustling, but not so loud you can't have a conversation.  They don't take reservations, so we had to wait a looong time for a table, but the hostess gave us complimentary bruschetta while we waited.  The meal was well worth the wait. It would be tough to review every dish for tapas, but suffice it to say that they were all excellent.  Highlights were the foie gras, the kobe beef sliders, the jamon de la quercia (acorn fed ham), and the corn with aioli and cotija.  It's pretty rare to eat 10 or more dishes (with friends) and be thoroughly impressed with the thought and effort that went into every one, but that's how I felt after leaving.I came here with a couple of other people for a "snack"  so we squeezed into the last 3 empty seats at the bar, which is actually the ideal seat for eating their grilled corn.  The only people who see you licking your fingers are paid to be there, so its Ok.Everything we got was great, its worth the waitI can't get over how amazing this place was! My girlfriend and I tried to get there around 7, hoping it wouldn't be too packed, but it was! We had to wait about 30 minutes, but ended up sitting at the bar and ate there. It was aaaammazing! The tiny Kobe beef burgers, the mussels, the grilled corn covered in blue cheese, the stuffed dates....omg!!!just eat everything; next time I plan on getting that paella - just couldn't fit it this time.I choose this place for one of my birthday week splurges every year. We went at 6PM on a weeknight as we've learned there isn't usually a wait at that hour. 40 mins later the place is packed. Service was friendly and efficient. Food was delicious as usual. We always eat way more than we need to cause there is so much to try. The Oysters - Ostras en Escabeche - Marinated Island Creek oysters with grains of paradise, lovage and citrus, were divine! With a group of 4-5 us we end up spending $55-$65 for dinner and two drinks each, including tip.I've seen some whiney reviews about Toro - they seem to be from folks who think that, for some reason, the restaurant should make exceptions to their seating policies just for them. I guess some people are used to getting their way all the time - but a restaurant has a right to do things their own way. They don't take reservations. Seems simple enough to me.And it's not a place to go if you want to linger. They do like to turn their tables, the ambiance is frenetic and noisy, and that's A-Ok with me. If you want to continue socializing after your meal head down the street to one of the many other neighborhood establishments for another round or two.Great cocktails, dark and romantic, Tiny spacesFood: I was expecting more from the reviews.I would give this place a 4 if it had more space, but you cannot even have a conversation because it is so packed. It is A-OK!I went here last Thursday for my friend's birthday. There was a 1 hour wait when we arrived at 7:30. I was expecting this due to the Yelp reviews. We opted to helicopter at the bar and snag one of those spots. It worked, we sat at the side bar by the front window. The main issue with this location is that no one takes your order. I had to wait at the bar for about 5 minutes in order to get their attention and order some food. We didn't drink so I cannot comment on the bar selection, but I am sure the wine is wonderful there.We started with the Spanish tortilla. I am not always a fan but this was actually my favorite dish of the evening. After that was the calamari bocadillo. The sauce on it was delicious but by the end, I was sick of the fried taste. Then we had the patatas bravas, so heavy and missing some flavor. Lastly, we had the infamous maiz. Meh. Too much mayo to the point of disgusting. I normally love that style of corn (had an amazing one at Condesa in Austin, TX) but this was messy and too heavy. In fact that was my feeling about the whole meal. I was lacking flavor and instead I got ooooof full.I did like the churros that the meal ended with. Maybe I'd go back for a drink but not for dinner I don't think.I can't say enough good things about this place.  #1 Food. #2 Atmosphere. #3 Decor.  I went for brunch this summer.  The menu is a surprising mix of ingredients and the meals measure up to all the good things people say.    Don't believe me? Try getting a table - ever.  There was an hour and a half wait on a wed, IN THE RAIN, the last time i went by.Toro is a neighborhood restaurant for super-lucky neighbors.        One recent evening, I was walking down Washington, and a woman who was obviously a bit rattled by venturing outside Beacon Hill or Back Bay asked, "Do you know where 'Toro" is?"  ("Yes, 2 blocks to your left, and you're in for a treat!").        Always tasty, always crowded, and always worth it.      if you don't care for close quarters, though - try elsewhere.The four stars indeed go to the food.  We'll get to that.  The service was a mixed bag.  We went with some friends on a Wednesday night and the place was wall-to-wall, due to its popularity with South Enders.  The cheap Rioja at the bar did help take the edge off the eternal wait - around an hour all said - and (as noted below) they don't take reservations.   A table opened up, but the staff said it was being held for a "charity event."  Said persons never showed.  We demanded a free round and - fair play -they gave it to us, so that made up substantially for the issue.  They then sat us at the empty table.The tapas, when they arrived, were excellent:  the jamon plate was approaching ones I had in Barcelona, and the bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese stuffing are a must.  The fresh anchovies were excellent,  a tuna on toast  plate left a little to be desired, but the pate plate was also excellent.   I'd certainly go back.This is the best Boston has to offer for tapas.  Great atmosphere but it can get pretty crowded quickly.  Since they don't take reservations, you have to be willing to wait a long time or go there really early or late.  Review of some of the things I tried here:Red Sangria - avoid it.  It's water down, and you're much better off getting a nice bottle of grenache.Pinchos - Foi Gras con Duraznos was very good but barely the size of a sushi piece.  Ventresca tasted liked canned tuna.  Boquerones is really good even if you don't crave anchovies on a regular basis. Tapas Frias - Ecalivada catalana was one of my favorites.  Complex flavors and eaten with the bread they serve.  Tapas Calientes - Maiz Asado con alioli is very good but heavy as you might expect. I really enjoyed the croquettas de Bacalo.  Panza de Cerdo is a nicely cooked pork belly but not much in flavor.  Pato con Mmbrillo was also very tasty with a jerky type of texture.  Overall solid place for dinner with a date or group of friends but I wish you can avoid the long waits.  If they took reservations, I would frequent Toro more often.Love this place.  We showed up at 5:30 got a table, and within 15 minutes all the other tables filled up!  Get here early.No drinks this time, just tapas!  We spent about $100 ...for two people ordering a great spread.  Just a few highlights:-  I'm a carnivore, but I think I could feast on their veggie options alone.  Of course, order the corn!  But, don't forget about ordering the cauliflower.  Yes, cauliflower - - it's amazing!!! -  The only dish that disappointed was the braised short ribs.. It used to be better??  The meat tasted a bit "firmer" almost making me wonder if they used a cheaper cut of meat.  Nevertheless, I will be back. Toro is a solid place.Food is really great - that is if you can get in the door. Showed up around 530PM on a Saturday and it was over an hour wait. Thought I would be good. Regardless of the wait, once we got in, service was smooth and plates were very tasty. Duck wings were unreal. Good place for a date and pretty cheap at end of night. Had 6-7 plates and 4 drinks between the two of us for like $90.My foodie friend and I came in for restaurant week, and we felt so fortunate that they took reservations for dinner! Neither of us really wanted to wait 3 hours, and even though they did take our names down, they told us they would need our table by 7:30 to accommodate another party. No problem, unless you rush our dinner Some highlights of our meal -- the bacon wrapped dates, GRILLED CORN, the oysters, and the toast that comes with the bone marrow. Some things that we could go without -- the brussel sprouts, churros, pork belly.. They're really on top of their "manicuring dirty plates off the table", which I appreciate, but sometimes it seems pushy. But I guess if you have 3 hour waits, then you need your tables to turn as quickly as possible.Overall a good (but expensive) experience!I'll give this place a 4.5.Best Tapas in Boston but I recommend you don't come here super hungry! Portions are little and drinks are small. Delicious Sangrias! If you come during peak dinner hours get ready to wait in line because it's probably the busiest restaurant in the south end, but worth the wait!Went to Toro this past Sunday. Got lucky with parking on the street right in front. There's always a loooong wait for the tables. I'm not sure if they take reservations since it's always crowded. My friend and I decided to just sit at the bar. The place is small and cozy. Lots of wine to choose from. I didn't drink anything that night though. The kitchen was closing soon at 11PM so we had to hurry and order. What we got:1. Gambas al Ajillo $12 - Griddled garlic shrimp with cascabel chilies2. Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija * $8 -La Especialidad de la Casa. Grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese (RECOMMEND)3. Pato con Membrillo $8 - Smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze4. Panza de Cerdo $13 - Crispy pork belly with snails, fava beans and vidalia onion puree5. Costilla de Buey $15 - Kabayaki glazed beef short ribs with chilled farro, cucumbers, radish and hazelnuts6. Tuna Conserva $5 Spanish tuna belly, tomato tapenade and celery leaves (RECOMMEND)Everything tasted great.. no complaints.. the garlic shrimp kinda disappointed me though compared to the one at Dali Tapas.They also gave us bread which tasted ok. This meal was definitely better than last time when I went with my family. The meal is pricey, but I was hungry and the food was great.o-m-gthis place is unreal awesomeness! ken oringer, as dorky as you are, you and your partner make beautiful food together! coming from hawaii, "toro" is a confusing name for a restaurant because we hawaiians will automatically think-- japanese. don't be fooled though-- this is spanish tapas with local flairevery dish that my friend and i ordered was fabulous! and trumps some of the best restaurants in NYC (yes, i did say it!) everyone raves about the corn. it seems intially gross because it's slathered in goop that looks like heavy handed mayo but that cream concoction magic whatever it is dressed on top is so delicate and addictive (sort of citrusy flavor) that you just wind up licking the bottom of the plate wherever the doped goop has landedi also ordered the anchovies (i especially love fresh ones that are marinated) and boy was that out of this world! ok, it wasn't as outstanding as the ones i had at locanda verde in NYC a whiles ago, but it's a close second. if you order these, don't let the bussers swipe your plate (yah they are annoyingly too fast!), because you can ask for more table bread to sop up the olive oil goodness that the lil'fishies are swimming in.everyone seemed to be getting the shrimp and our waitress also suggested it so we wound up ordering that too, although the menu description wasn't very appealing to me. we were pretty happy we did though because it really did deliver and like that crack cream on the corns, i could not quite put my finger on the alluring, mysterious ingredient that was making that sauce really pop! if you want just satisfactory, those are the razor clams (although my GF just loved it and couldn't stop talking abou it) and deep fried bacalao balls. they were good (minus one star for the clams because i thought they were a few seconds overcooked a bit too tough for my tastes) but not anything to roll over and die for.oh their mixed drinks too are really wonderful! my only two complaints:  HOT. hot in there if it's packed and the weather is turning to the warmer seasons... we were there in may and i was sweating! another thing-- the bussers seem to pull your finished plates fast, so either tape it down to your table or make sure you keep a hawk's eyeball on your plates because they will pull them and run off... we tried to tell the girl to stooopp but she was long gone.i can't wait to get back here when i'm back in boston. it really is that good.I was here on a weeknight around 8pm. It was crowded, but within minutes, we were able to get seats at the bar. Awesome.While I admit that it is generally not wallet-friendly, tapas-style dining tends to be my preferred style because it means that I get to try more dishes and not have 4 servings  worth of leftovers. Anyway, the best thing I had here was grilled corn!!! It's a little messy to eat and you feel the need to floss immediately after, but it's SO GOOD. Other highlights included the empanadas and the paella. I appreciated that the menu was so adventurous and unique, and based on what I did try, I have no doubt that everything is probably delicious. One dish that did not wow as much as I thought: bone marrow. Maybe this is just personal preference, but I don't understand the hype about bone marrow. It's expensive, the amount of consumable food is tiny, and this 'delicacy' has the price ta to match. I'd much rather eat more tacos or burgers or even another plate of corn! Service is great and they had good wine/beverage recommendations. I loved every single wine I drank here, and the bartender was so nice to let me try a little before I decided it was what I wanted. (I drank a couple glasses over the course of dinner.) I wouldn't recommend coming here for an early (think 1st to 3rd?) date because the no reservation policy and the noise level of the restaurant makes it slightly ill-fitting for someone you're not suuper comfortable with and trying to impress.If you leave your cellphone on the table or bar, servers will come around and put it in an empty glass. We thought this was so the service can see them better and not knock them over when bringing over our food or refilling our water. Smart, and probably very useful since this place not only crowded but also very dimly lit.Place is great, lots of dishes are amazing but some not so great that's y it got the 4 star, always come here just for a few dishes that are always a hit but brought some friends in and we got to try differ dishes as well and some were just ok, but there's lots on menu so alot to choose from. Kinda over hyped but still very good dishes out of manyMy friends from CA were in town so I was so excited to bring them here for the first time on a Friday evening. They open at 430PM for dinner so I tried calling to make reservations for a group of 6. Apparently, they do not accept reservations due to their tight space so it is first come, first serve.I arrived at 630PM and thought I was early but the place was already packed and the next available table was at 9PM for a group of six. 3 hour wait for a table,are you nuts?! I asked the hostess why we couldn't sit in the middle area since it was unoccupied. They said it was reserved for a party of 20. But i thought you don't take reservations! WTH?! So I put down my phone number just in case a table pops up. We went to a nearby bar and the hostess calls at 715PM since a table opened up. Hallelujah! But wait...apparently the management can't seem to estimate waiting time. Our 3 hour wait went down to 45 mins. At this point, I guess I'm just happy it wasn't 3 hours.We sat down and immediately water and bread came to us which was a plus. We ended ordering about 10 dishes. The highlights were the two ginormous bones on the bone marrow dish which was delicious.The panza de cerdo was superb crispy pork belly. The paella was a heap of rice goodness. The razor clams was the best dish of the night. Red wine sangria was light and fruity.On the flip side, the grilled corn was a tad too creamy. The duck drummettes were tough and lacked flavor. The uni was not fresh, probably frozen. The waitress also forgot the two orders of foie gras we ordered. I think there was miscommunication due to it being very busy as well as catering to the big group in the middle.Overall, I would have gave Toro 5 stars however there was inconsistency when I came back the following Monday. No razor clams were available. The bone marrow dish only had one bone this time. I asked the waitress why is there a difference from last time. She stated that it depends on the bone which is determined by the chef. I have no clue how that makes sense since the bone marrow was definitely less. For a $300 dinner, it could have been better.This is the perfect place. The food is amazing.  Spanish Tapas done right. no other tapas in the city can even touch it.  Very Crowded at all times, but there is a reason.  Music is just very cool. Your grandmother wont appreciate it, but I would come here every day If I could...  get a seat at the bar, if you can.   Everything is top notch.I LOVED the grilled corn, but the most amazing thing was a seasonal tomato, fiddlehead, and peach salad with pesto. Dream-worthy. Also, best vegetarian paella ever -- which is so hard to find!As some have noted, they don't take reservations, but there are great places to kill time nearby: lots of bars, plus down the block to a great dogpark and community garden.I loved the tables outside, which were quieter late at night than the inside, plus covered in beautiful flowers.Place is awesome! Food is great. Staff is super friendly. Could not have enjoyed my meal more. Definitely returning. I wish they would take a rez! I wish them luck on their recent opening in NYC. I'm sure it will be a success.Absolutely amazing menu and atmosphere.  My fiancée used to live right above this place.  One of my favorite places in all of Boston!Yes, Tore is def, trendy and hip, as evidenced by the whole setup, lighting, and music (nice. but quite loud).It draws a lot of young affluent couples (who are on their 1st or 2nd date), and groups of young professionals.The food is OK, but quite overpriced IMHO. Service is good, but gets quite annoying after the same guy keeps bringing the food and saying "excuse me folks" in a really annoying manner, for the 10th time in a row! - seems a little staged and theatrical.I would recommend this place to people who love novelty, but I would not recommend it as a great place to dine, and have a relaxing experience.Verdict: overpriced, a bit too trendy if you just want a relaxing experience, service can be annoying, good for people who love novelty and thrill seekers.Brunch here is everything brunch should be - good food and comfortable dining. We arrived around midday on a Sunday and sat at the bar for about 25 minutes waiting for a table. The place was busy but not packed. Once we were seated, the service was prompt and attentive and the food delicious. While I thought the eggs in the scramble boarded on over-done, on the whole this was a very satisfying meal. I was surprised at how reasonable the prices were given the overall quality of the meal. What was probably nicest was that even given the brisk business the place was doing, the waitstaff had everything under control. As such, we were never rushed, no-one was eyeing our table for the next group of patrons (even though the wait swept in and cleaned it down as soon as we left) and the atmosphere was inviting and comfortable.   I very much intend to return for something other than brunch based on the fun we had this morning, but this could quite likely become my favorite spot for breakfast in the South End.I FRIGGIN LOVE THIS PLACE.We recently moved in a few blocks & this is my new hang out. The drinks are to die for and considering how awesome and fancy they are, very well priced. Bartenders are super friendly & make great recommendations.The food is exquisite. Tapas are great with friends & also well priced.It's always packed and hard to get a table, but if you stalk the bar it's fairly easy to get a seat. If you DO want a table go early.Go early if you're planning on eating. We got there at 4:45 to sit at the bar and drink and grab a couple snacks, while dinner began at 5:30, unfortunately they had NO food until then. Satisfied with $1 Gansett tall cans, the place exploded at around 6 pm when people poured in and the lineup started. If you've got yourself a seat, the vibe, although a bit frantic, is welcoming and exciting. Treat yourself to a fancy cocktail (there's an extensive list of fun, inventive mixed drinks), order the grilled corn (obviously), and make some new friends at the bar.So it is Friday evening in Boston, it is raining and snowing after a really busy week at work, what would be better than an Sangria with a tons of tapas little dishes with different options to relax and enjoy strong delicious flavors. Go for: Paella Valenciana (if you are 4 people or more), Pan con Tomate, typical Spanish entree; don't miss the Clams and the Shrimps, really good seasoned and great to open the night. The croquetas are really good also, but watch out, they come really really hot, i burnt my mouse badly with those but I would still order them again... For desert we had the Chocolate Churros, really fresh cinnamon tasting perfectly mixed with the chocolate sauce. Great atmosphere, but crowded though....be prepare to wait for a long time (probably an hour if you get there after 7 PM)Went on a Saturday after a Sox/Yanks game.  Place was packed as to be expected.  Went inside for a glass of sangria with a beautiful young lady and told it would be 1.5-2 hours to sit.  I was prepared for this so we settled in.  No one wanted to sit outside, so I asked the hostess if we could be seated outdoors if it would be faster - it worked.The food - amazing.  6/5.  Seriously - so many different flavors in what appears to be the mundane.  The duck and veal sweetbreads rocked - the corn and cauliflower were amazing.  Seriously awesome.Why 4 stars?  Well - they forgot about us.  There was a half hour lull between dishes and I figure - hey, they are just taking too long.  We asked our waitress and they completely forgot.  Unfortunately - I didn't get to try the bone marrow because I didn't want to wait another half hour for it.  We did get some free sangria which was cool, but we were kind of bummed.  But - I'm not that snooty and I know these things happen.  Also - A-Rod walked in with Cameron Diaz and perhaps they were so enamored by their presence they forgot us lonely plebes outside.  I won't hold it against them.  This time.I went here for my birthday this week.  It was totally great.  We waited a while for a table but it was fine, we just chilled at the bar and had AWESOME drinks.  So dinner: we had a variety of tapas that were all delicious (although I did find out that I do not like sea urchin, not their fault, just not the taste for me).  Here were our favorites:*corn-cheesy, gooey, grilled, awesome*bone marrow-completely delicious!*pork belly-crispy and perfect*seafood stew-so good!Really, my impression is that whatever you get will be pretty fantastic.  It's a little pricey and the wait is long but it was totally worth it.Admittedly, I'm new to the whole tapas thing, but all I can say is i'm impressed with Toro. Our party got there rather late, so the wait was negligible. We ordered quite a bit and everything came out fast (it helped that the kitchen was closing pretty soon).A couple of standouts included the roasted bone marrow and the curry tripe. the curry tripe is done in a surprisingly light thai curry/coconut milk sauce that works well with the tripe. We also ordered the paella, beef heart, foie gras, pork belly, and the oysters. The only things that were forgettable happened to be the two items we ordered off the specials board - the octopus ceviche and snails in a ragu. They both were rather bland compared to everything else we ordered. we finished off with the churros. It might've had to do with how full I was, but they didn't do anything for me (i was sort of forced to have one). Normally I'm a huge fan, but even with the chocolate sauce they left something to be desired.We also had a few pitchers of sangria, nothing special but exactly what i expected so i guess i can't complain.Service wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. Honestly, I would definitely go back just for the food alone.Delish!  The roasted peppers and grilled shrimp are outstanding!  We waited for about an hour for a table...but we just went for a walk so it was absolutely fine.  The seating is communal and tight so don't be shy. Super friendly staff and laid back vibe - oh and yummy food!I can't wait to go back!I mean what is there to say..? Toro kills it. From drinks to food to ambiance. Just go here. Lines can get long, but just grab drink and wait.Went for restaurant week while my parents and sister were visiting for her birthday.  I'd give it 4 stars for experience, and about 3 stars for food quality.  But I don't think I would come here if it wasn't restaurant week -- too expensive for hit or miss dishes.I had a ton of fun, trying 14 different dishes and 2 types of desserts (between 4 people).  It was quite noisy but rating the food with my family made it easy to communicate (via number of fingers) without having to shout at each other.  Food was decent, some pretty good dishes, and few misses.  A very fun, engaging experience, an ok meal.Play by play:Proscutto wrapped figs: I really really liked them, but my family found that a little too exotic.  Uni (sea urchin): too exotic for our tastes, but when else would i try it?marinated cheese: good, but wayy too much cheese. shrimp: good flavors, everyone else liked, but mine was overcookedchille verde: ok. the meat was dryshort ribs (honey, seasame): very goodpork belly: first bite I had was delicious!  but the other pieces were dry :(YummyWonderful.  After a lot's so great dinner Friday night at a suburban wanna be Toro was a joy.  Try the grilled corn of course and the pork belly.  Relax, these people are passionate about food.  Bon Appetit@The restaurant has a nice casual feel to it. Not pretentious as some restaurants can get when their reviews are fabulous.Started out with their white sangria..nice, had an apple cider flavor, but not sweet. Tried the skate special...it was an amazing first bite !!!!Then has the corn, the dates, foie gras, peppers, bone marrow...it was all delicious...really really enjoyed it. It was Halloween night, and we are from out of town, so our waitress reccommended that we go walk around the Beacon Hill neighborhood to see the  festivities. It was great fun.Toro is simply amazing as the 650+ current reviews already indicate. Saturday night dinner for 4 - I knew we were going to have to get there early. We arrived at 4:45 and were promptly seated at the best table in the house at 5. This is what made it fortunate, by 5:30 they had an hour wait and by 6:15, when we left, they had a two hour wait. Basically I felt like a baller for having a good table. "I'm on the verge of tears by the time we arrive at Espace, since I'm positive we won't have a decent table. But we do, and relief washes over me in an awesome wave." - Patrick Bateman. Their vegetable dishes and garlic shrimp were my favorite paired with $5 house wine.CORN ON THE COB. yep. that's all i have to say about this place. how good is the corn on the cob? it was so good and we were so full, that we HAD to take it home as leftovers. i don't think i can think of any restaurants that could ever make me want to pack a $1 worth of corn to go home, but yes, it is THAT good.foie gras, pork belly and escargot are all really good as well. we didn't get to try the paella, but by looking at the couple seating next to us - how they literally scrap the bottom off the pan like dogs do, i can be sure that it must have been excellent.Ok, so firstly if you're planning to go on a busy evening (most days) expect a wait (sometimes 1-2 hours) - if you can get your head around that, it's worth it. And the place is best if there's a small group of you (that way you get to try lots of dishes)- Plus there's a great bar to keep you occupied. And a fantastic Spanish wine list.I've been here many I time now and it does not disappoint. Service is attentive and friendly. Foremost the food is definately the best Spanish in Boston. The corn just oozes garlicky aioli goodness so be prepared to get your hands messy. Oh and the Gambas: mouthfuls of juicy garlicky king prawns....what more do you need.I litterally am going to try everything off the menu by the end of the year. Although these are now my usuals: - the paella (of course) - salt crusted seabass - Gambas - SerranoThen just mix and match 6-8 other dishes depending how much we can eat!! I haven't had any huge disappointments yetEnd the night with some churros.....happy days. :)Wow I cannot even explain how amazing this place is! Has to be one of the best restaurants Ive ever been to in my life! The food is out of this world!! It is expressive at least for me, which doesn't say much, but it is so soso worth it! The wait is long as well but if you dont mind having some before dinner drinks across the street or something while you wait then no problem! I am going back this weekend because it was so good. Some friend and I went and had a good chunk of what is on the menu and there was nothing I didn't like.Besides what everyone else said on here (corn pork etc) the Pimentos del Padron and the wine that comes in the funny shaped glass that you share are defiantly must haves!I had dinner at Toro last night. It was highly recommended and apparently it is one of the best restaurants in Boston.The food was less than impressive, I would recommend the boquerones and the gambas al ajillo, other than that the Tortilla española, Grilled corn, Papas bravas and the Duck leg where rather mediocre. The people that say they are great have clearly not been at a good spanish restaurant. A special mention to the worlds worst paella, dont even know where to start. The rice was a different kind than the one usually used in paella and it was dripping in juice which was odd. There was also no taste to it and just kinda tasted like burned rice. Anyway stay clear from it. There are better and cheaper Tapas restaurants around Boston, maybe not as trendy but food is much better. On the positive side the restaurant setting is nice and the wine list is pretty good.Toro - you complete me. This is definitely my favorite restaurant in Boston.  The drinks are out of this world amazing.  Fresh, creative, and strong enough to validate the cost. The bone marrow is un-believ-able.  Never have I ever had something this tasty.  The corn will knock your socks off.  The ambiance is great; it's cozy, loud, and packed.  Always hard to get a table but always worth it.  Go when you got coin to spend and time to waste.  You won't be disappointed.Cauliflower soaked in oil was gross.  Uni sandwich was slimy.  1 bite of pork belly for $14 was a ripeoff.  Patatas Bravas was just normal fried potatoes with sauce which was definately not worth $8.  The paella was loaded with too much salt.  My companion loves salty food and he felt that the paella was even too salty for his taste.  The duck drumettes were ok.  I didn't like how they sandwiched me with strangers taking up my space while I'm eating.  I wouldn't come back here.  It's overpriced and the food is not good.I just moved to the South End from Chicago and am pretty fuggin stoked to have this place at the end of my street.  Our server, Erin, was awesome and we relied heavily on her suggestions.  She didn't let us down.  Caitlin, another very friendly server, also helped us pick some great tapas to try.  Everything was incredible and the drinks were solid too.  We will be back...often.One of the best restaurants I've ever been too. Food is amazing. I had never eaten at a Tapas restaurant before this. Make sure if you want to eat there you get there RIGHT when they open...if not you could be looking at a 2-3 hour wait on a weekend because they don't take reservations. The corn and the tomato spread bread are my favorites. The shrimp is also amazing.I first came here 6-7 years ago. Waited an hour and a half for 3 people on a Friday or Saturday night and have been scared off by the wait time ever since. Never knew what to expect from brunch until yesterday. The food was fantastic years ago, the food is still fantastic. If I come back to Toro from now on, I'll be going for brunch. There were plenty of tables all morning and into the afternoon. The highlights for me were the hams, the spanish tuna belly, the yellowfin tuna, and the roasted corn. The flavors were awesome and I will definitely be back, but be prepared to empty your wallet. $8 for a small plate of fried potatoes ... wow.Toro is my favorite place in the South End. Best Tapas I have ever had by far. Their only downfall is that they don't take reservations, so prepare to wait for an excessively long time if you come any time after 6pm on the weekends. Don't be surprised if there is a wait of 2 hours on a Saturday night. However, if you give your name to the bartender, you can wait for a bar seat, which is a significantly shorter wait. My favorite cocktail they have is their Caipirinha. Their Paella, Patatas Bravas, and Corn are amazing as well! You can't go wrong with anything you order!I was visiting friends and we tried this place for brunch. The place was about half full. Service was slow and we ordered a few brunch items and the bone marrow tapas appetizer. Our orders were completely mixed up, but they did have the kitchen sort it out quickly. I ordered the breakfast plate with maple sausage. My sausage was raw in the middle. Completely raw. I was very turned off by it. My friend just ordered a side of pork hash and the texture was mushy and unappetizing. My eggs were cooked perfectly and the sourdough toast was nice. Our marrow Tapas never made it so we cancelled it. They did comp our drinks, so that was nice yet a visit from a manager would have been better. Ill be hard pressed to give them another try even though the menu looked like it had several things I'd like to sample.I went here for a date on a recent Sunday night.  I had heard all good things about Toro, so I had high expectations - I wasn't disappointed.  To begin with, as you've probably heard, there's almost always a wait here.  Sunday night was no exception.  We arrived at 7pm and were told there would be a 45 minute wait.  It turned out to be an hour.  However, once we sat down, the server immediately brought out a hummus plate "on the house."  The red sangria is delicious, as were all the different plates of food.  Definitely get the corn dish, messy and wonderful! The only negatives (minor ones) are the following:Long waitSmall and sort of cramped seatingOnly good for small groups of people, no more than four.This restaurant is my favorite tapas spot in Boston. Not too expensive, and the food is delicious! Order the CORN! You will dream about it at least once a week after that like I do. Also, the dates are super good as well. I had my first date ever at Toro (I know.. crazy!). I order them all the time now.The empenadas are fantastic.. and so are the kobe beef sliders. I have tried almost all tapas on this menu and every single time my boyfriend and I come here, we order these 4 and another 3 or so. This place rocks, and don't be shy ordering not one, but TWO orders of corn.. We do it all the time :-)The drinks are awesome as well. Great wine selection.Come early, because this place gets jammed with people and everyone is crowded around the bar and often the wait is long. Be prepared/stand and grab a drink.Arrived at a good time. Wanted an outdoor seat so sat at the bar and got some of the sangria while we waited about 15 minutes. Sangria was ok. Ordered the corn, shrimp and tuna tartar on recommendations. Corn was awesome. Well grilled and a really good cheese/pepper sauce on it. Shrimp and tuna was pretty good. Also tried the foie gras (good), beef tongue(ok), oysters and a couple of the cheeses. Those oysters I would recommend! Finished with some cocktails which were well made. The waitress we had was very nice, helped recommend a few things and was very pleasant. Well worth checking out!Been meaning to try Toro for a while since everyone talks about it all the time. Usually when we've tried to go, they tell us it's an hour and a half wait or something, but we figured at 930 PM on a Thursday we'd have no trouble. Fortunately, they were able to seat us right away, but we may have gotten the last available table. It never ceases to amaze me how popular this place is. Atmosphere was trendy/hip - the music is pretty loud and it's noisy in there with lots of people talking. This is a good thing -- you feel like you're "somewhere." I asked the waitress how many tapas we should get. She recommended 2-3 a person. Here's the rundown of what we got:Tomato bread -- this was really good, but it was basically just toasted bread with crushed tomatoes on it. Nothing special.Crudo -- eh. It was good except it had diced radishes on it, which I think was overkill. A little too weird to be good.Razor clams -- never had these before. I don't think I will order them again. The texture was bizarre and they look really unappetizing (long tube like shellfish).Calamari salad -- this was terrible. Like 5-6 cold calamari with mixed greens, pickled onions, and mint. This dish probably cost them $3 to make and cost me $11. The calamari were really soggy and the taste combo was way too odd.Patatas bravas (I think -- it was some potato dish) -- this was just fried potatoes (like home fries) with a side of mayonnaise. There was a little bit of barbecue sauce (or something similar) at the bottom of the bowl, but not enough to save the potatoes from being really dry and starchy. Not worth it.Hamburguesas -- These were great. 2 medium rare sliders with really high quality beef. Awesome.Empanadas -- bland fried corn stuffed with seemingly more mashed up corn. It's supposed to have potato and chicken in it, but the inside was difficult to identify. Tasted like it came from Trader Joe's freezer section.Corn -- this is their specialty, and this was really good. But really awesome corn on the cob is just corn on the cob to me. I don't think it's worth $11 or whatever it is they charged for it.With a cheap bottle of wine, the meal above cost me $143 with tip (2 people). Now I don't mind spending a lot for a great dinner. This was not a great dinner. Some was good, some was bad, some was ugly. The experience was simply not worth the money. I have had better meals for half this much. Now -- I realize I over-ordered, and perhaps I ordered the wrong things. But if this sampling of 8 items only pulls 1 great, 1 good, and a bunch of mehs, then maybe this place isn't great as everyone thinks it is. I know I won't be going back anytime soon.Good food, good atmosphere. South end pricing. Small tables, but thats part of the whole deal. The food overpowers any negative.While I feel "meh" about this place, I have to say the bone marrow is one of the best I ever had.  I would say it's "you would feel stupid for not getting it" good.   The grilled corn as good as everyone said here.   But for someone who grew up in socal, it's hard to justify paying $8 for what is really just mexican street corn.  The rest of the tapas is were all pretty good, but nothing special.  If you never ever had churros in your life, by all means get it.  Because you are missing out on a very wonderful thing.  If you have had churros in other parts of the country, it might make you sad.  Maybe I'm just used to "fresh-out-of-oven" hot churros, and this is definitely not.One thing. DO NOT get paella valenciana.  It was exceptionally bad.  It was too soupy, too salty; it wasn't cook through enough to have socarrat (or maybe it was too soupy to taste the crunchiness).  Whatever it is, it ain't great.  I still yet to have a decent paelle in Boston.Toro is a bit over-hyped.  The tapas are good, but not omg-good  (especially for such a long wait).   For Boston standards, this is probably the best tapas in town. I would have given it 4 stars if it wasn't for the paella.OMG I am a huge fan of Toro. You need to be willing to wait here for a while, but believe me it's worth it! While you are waiting try a Champagne Bomb, so much fun :) I know that Tuna Tartar is everywhere now but theirs is so delicious! i also really enjoyed the corn! Honestly, everything was great and the waitress was very helpful while I was navigating some food allergies.No doubt the food is great. We had an eggplant dish and fried potatoes and they both were just delicious. I would have given this place a 5 star but I am little disappointed that they don't take reservation and you have to wait for long to be seated. If you are going to this place count extra 30 easy mins to be seated. But overall a fun place to be!I don't get the hype about this place.  I had a business lunch today at Toro. The quality of the food was overshadowed by the poor service we received.  When I glanced over at the couple seated two tables from us,  I noticed they were served bread with a dish of olive oil with herbs. We were served bread with no butter or olive oil.  When I asked for something for the bread, we were given butter that looked like a few people went through it. We didn't touch it.  We then asked for olive oil.  We were served that absolutely plain....no herbs, no black pepper...nothing.  Also, after we had our salad, we were promptly given the check.....no offer of dessert or additional drinks....nothing.   We felt rushed and unwelcomed. Overall, the experience was disturbing because of the rude server.  I will not return.went there 5mins before open, and got a table upon it start.everything is good!!!I first read about Toro in one of my magazines so I taught I would give it a try. For beginners, the place was packed to the rim. The other characteristics that I noticed immediately was the younger crowd (primarily 20s and maybe early 30s). One other feature that stood out was the upbeat ambiance and we enjoyed that. I am a Tapas gal but I had a difficult time picking one that appealed to me. I tried a date wrapped in bacon and it was O.K....Overall incredibly great tapas. Probably the best I've had inside the boston area. The jamon was delicious. Everybody raves about the corn and it was fantastic, but I do not get all of the hype. It just wasn't that special. The short ribs and paella are also really excellent. The staff is friendly, but they seem overall understaffed. Service is not especially fast, but once again, quite friendly and hard working. The location is tiny, but this lends to the charm/atmosphere. Prices are proper for the quality of food and also the wines by the glass were surprisingly excellent and actually seemed a bit low cost (in cost, not good quality).This place is a surreal experience and would absolutely get five stars for the corn alone. Alas there is a back story where I sadly must deduct a star. The corn, you say? Yes. The corn. Honestly- this is the only place that I've ever eaten at where I have craved a given food item on an ongoing basis afterward. The corn at Toro is insanely delicious. Charred, smattered with spanish cheese and slathered in a garlic aioli that will make you wonder whether the corn could possibly be the messiah in disguise. The rest of the tapas are inventive and solid, for sure. But who the hell cares about them when you can eat yourself retarded on the corn. Note as well, that the corn was written up in Food & Wine as a thing to eat in Boston, so if being on the cutting edge of gastronomie matters to you, then you'll look super hip when you can take someone here and drop that little factoid. And now for the inevitable downside and why they lose a star. Toro is in an itty bitty space and there simply isn't enough room for all of the people they let in. While the scene there is the typical "I'm so much cooler than you" South End scene and is fun to watch from a distance, I'm not so sure I wanted to watch it next to me when I was sharing a long butcher table with it. If you don't get very lucky, you will be sharing your grub at a long table in the center of the restaurant with others. I couldn't help overhearing some poser talk loudly about his interview process with one of the big investment banks in New York to impress his very bored looking date. I was so close to him, I could have reached out and smacked some sense into him, but I was in a state of culinary bliss over the corn so only half-cared. I doubt he got a second date, but I really would have liked my own table so I didn't have to wonder.  Lesson from this experience? Go to Toro early or late, but don't expect to get in without a wait if you go around meal time. And don't think you're going to have intimate conversation here. Really, you'll go, speak to your party to decide on Tapas and then listen to everyone else's conversation because that's all you'll be able to hear. It's a worthwhile trip, but set your expectations accordingly.This place is great! The food was very good, we got the corn (though the corn from Cafe Habana in NYC is better), the foie gras, the dates, the beef shortrib (awesome), the cod fritters and ... i forget the last thing. But everything was very good, the drinks were great - one of the best dirty martini's ive had in a while. There is definitely a bit of a wait but its worth it, especially if you get a drink in the meantime. Recommended! Great for a date - the loud and fun kind, not quiet and romantique kind.***** 4.5 stars *****Just from looking at the menu I wanted to try Toro so badly, but my dinner schedule was so packed during my stay in Boston I never could make it down South to fit them in. Luckily for me I had the weekend free and managed to get in for a quick brunch. Right off the bat I have to say I love everything stylistically about this place (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…). I think it is one of the better designed tapas restaurants I've seen, without going too far down the stereotypical, obvious "Spanish" path. It's just enough (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…) to let you know what it is, and enough class to show there's some real thought behind it as well.Since I was dining solo I just grabbed a seat at the bar, and received some warm and very friendly service from the bartender. He was super attentive, and we chatted for quite a bit about other trendy food spots I should check out if I had the time. I love when places can openly talk positively about their competitors; it shows a true love for the food and not just the bottom line. I heard many other people talking about the food here at Toro, and rightfully so, as it's very good. I really wish I had come with a large group, so I could sample even more, because there were so many options on the menu I just didn't have the room for after a big dinner the night before.I decided the best way to approach this meal would just be to order everything I wanted at once, and pick at them all piece by piece. It actually worked out pretty well this way as most of the dishes went with each other or balanced each other perfectly. If anything could be considered the "main" dish it would have to be the huevos rancheros (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…), which they serve as eggs over easy in a skillet with black beans, tortillas, salsa roja and cotija cheese. This was one of the better renditions I've had of this classic dish, but I was a little disappointed that the tortillas were described as crispy, yet mine came out kind of floppy, and after sitting in the mix for a while became downright soggy. There also weren't very many, so I wound up with way more egg than tortilla to sop it up with. Next on the list were the pimientos del padron (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…), which are hot green peppers seasoned lightly with sea salt and then I'm guessing roasted for a little while. I could seriously sit at the bar and drink mojitos while eating these peppers all day long. The salt matches perfectly with the spice, which is just enough to warm you up inside, until every now and then you get one of the rare hot ones that really wake you up. I found that mixing these in with the eggs (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…) was a perfect way to enjoy both, as the peppers themselves really benefitted from some other flavors, and the eggs desperately needed that boost of heat.I was pretty well compelled to order the grilled corn (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…) covered in aioli, lime, esplette pepper and aged cheese, not only from all the rave reviews here, but just reading on the menu that leaves you with little option. It is as good as people say, although if I could make one change it would be less aioli and more cheese. The cheese on here is so damn good, and the lime juice cuts through it so smoothly so it doesn't feel too heavy. I also ordered the Medjool dates filled with Marcona almonds and Cabrales blue cheese and wrapped in Serrano ham (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…), and although there were only 2 of them to enjoy, it was a nice change of pace to nibble on when I wanted a break from the growing heat of the peppers.My only regret about Toro is that I didn't get to try everything I wanted, which is always a good problem to have if you have to have one. If I ever came back for dinner and got to sample even more of their plates I'm certain this place would earn the last half-star from me and get upgraded to a perfect score.Just the best. My absolute favorite restaurant in Boston. Service is always good, though this place gets very, very packed. Try and come at an odd time if you can, as they don't take reservations. The corn is really that good. I also love the spicy peppers with sea salt to start, and the hamburguesas (ask for them "messy," and they'll bring you the same lime-cotija cheese mixture they put on their famous corn). Everything here is always good, so you really can't go wrong. It does tend to get pretty loud, but the atmosphere is really fun (I also love that they don't stick to boring restaurant music, came here on a Friday night and they were blasting Biggie). Oh, and great wine and cocktails too.Ken is simply a world class person in this industry, the tapas are top notch and any gnere this restaurant group dives into, they wind up making it a success. Brunch service is very good and the crowd at this washington st gem is one of a kind. It isnt the upscale legend, such as Clio, but it sure is one heck of a place.I am Ken Oringer's Biggest Fan.  He is fabulous & Fantastic!  Another great creation after Clio & Uni.  Perfect execution as far as restauant creation.  This is no ordinary Tapas bar.  Their tapas menu is infused with other cusines, but is done just right. The restuarant is very very busy and has great vibe.  Food is fast & fantastic. A large seletion of wines.  Be there early, There is no reservation at all in this place, not even for a large party.   As I have noticed, people in suits from happy hour were still in there when I left at 11pm.   This is a place not to be missed!Thank you Liz D for telling me about the Silver Line that drops you at wocester sqaure right opposite Toro. Toro is such a treat, its really a furnished warehouse. I love the tables in the middle and the bar and the lighting! This place has a very interesting crowd and a great vibe to it. I loved the food here. My friend was a vegeterain , that didnt stop us from enjoying tapas as they had a lot of veg offerings. I recommend the beet salad, spicy potatoes, eggplant +dish, actually i recommend everything. You do have to ask for bread. The wine list was towards the expensive side. We had chacero con cholocate which was spicy chocalate dessert! Yum! Dinner for two here is$80+ easily. So enjoy your food and soak up the ambiance, not recommended for a rushed evening for sure.****update: 16Nov06*****Went back to Toro this past weekend on Saturday night. We did have to wait an hour, but it was WORTH the WAIT.  All of our tapas selections were amazing and our waiter was awesome too (the service was exemplary at this visit, but mediocre at my first visit).  On my first visit there I split the paella with a friend so I didn't get to sample many dishes, however, on this visit it was no holds barred. I think we ordered about 6 items and they started arriving at our table almost instantaneously.  Everything was delicious.The place was absolutely packed at 6pm when we put our name in so we walked down the street and had a drink at Stella. We were sat a little after 7pm and the restaurant cleared out a bit about half way through our meal.  On this night it appeared that the wait would have been shorter had we showed up around 7:30 or 8pm; but I am not sure if this is a consistent trend for the restaurant.  If you like tapas and sangria then this place is a must try.  ***Original review*******************Last night I took a friend that used to live in Boston, but now lives in D.C., to this relatively new South End establishment. I am a fan of Ken Oringer's other restaurants and I am now a fan of Toro as well. The hostess was able to seat us right away when we walked in at 7pm. The restaurant was really busy for a Tuesday evening and I considered this a good sign. I was unfamiliar with the red wines available by the glass, but the waitress was able to make a great recommendation. My friend and I ordered two tapas (the house corn dish and the bread covered with olive oil and tomatoes) and then we split the Paella Valenciana. This paella dish contains shrimp, mussels, clams, chorizo, and chicken.  The kitchen allows you to omit anything you don't care for so we eliminated the sausage. Normally I am not a big fan of seafood dishes like this, but this paella was amazing! I really enjoyed it because the dish was full of flavor but wasn't overly 'fishy'.  For dessert we ordered the churros with dark chili infused chocolate. My friend and I did not care for the chocolate at all. The chili flavoring made the chocolate taste burnt so we ate the churros sans the chocolate and they were delicious as is.  I am already looking forward to my next visit to Toro because there are a number of other dishes I am interested in trying. Overall I thought the food was delicious, the atmosphere was decent, and the service was mediocre.Yum yum and yum. Ok, so the wait time is a little intense (might I suggest taking up knitting or learning a new language while you wait) but the food is delicious.Started with drinks - I had some kind of grapefruit peppery cocktail that was pretty awesome. For the food had the corn (full of delicious creamy cheesy globbiness); the marrow (who could hate marrow? bonus for having the serving dish make it look totally rugged), pork belly (the skin was a little chewy but the meat was very tender and good), foie gras (was sad when it was all gone), pressed uni sandwich....and maybe one or two others that I'm forgetting...Gets very crowded during peak hours, so don't come here if you have space issues...Otherwise order whatever looks good to you on the menu - can't go wrong!Toro toro!!  Expect high energy -- opt for tequila to keep up with the craziness (and loud music) that is Toro.  Was I in Boston? And willing to wait over an hour for a spot to eat/sit?  Oh, there is so much to say about Toro that makes it both beautiful, fun, and delicious.  I'll focus on the delicious.    1.  Ventresca (tuna belly on toast) $5 was nothing impressive.  Definitely a personal amuse bouche.  Skip it.   2.  Pan con Tomate (bread topped with tomato) $4 was quite tasty and a great accompaniment to any meal.  Perfect for two.   3.  Gambas al Ajillo (crisp grilled shrimps ) $12 was awesome!  Watching Dave try to pull the meat from the tail helped me decide to eat the whole thinger.  The crisp grilled tail made it easy to consume in full.  Another great dish for two.   4.  Anna's Empanada (deep fried dough filled with potato and chicken) $8 was served with aioli and some sorta salsa.  Four empanada halves, probably shareable between four.  It was rich!   5.  Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (the infamous grilled corn) $6 came on a plate with 4 corn halves.  Definitely share amongst 4 unless it's all you're eatin' coz this stuff is like crack -- delicious and addictive but may cause a coronary.   6.  Asada de Huesos (roasted bone marrow) $6 was like a full tibia!  OMG we ordered this way late and it took forever but if you like tendons then this leg is to die for!  Fatty, rich, salted right, and served with toast toped with oxtail.  Rawr.   7.  Garbanzos con Chorizo (chickpeas and Chorizo) $9 was smoky and tomato based.  Perfect for two and goes great on bread.For a high energy place where you don't mind a wait, Toro is well worth your time and energy.  Dave and I showed at 7 when there was already a wait of an hour + but we were somehow seated relatively quickly.  And we were stuffed after $60.  Best to go in with a good attitude though.  If you're waiting, you're standing.  Would be awesome if a place opened nextdoor that served drinks...another solid experience.-maybe because we found parking right outside of the restaurant?-maybe because there were absolutely no wait for a table? (first time ever.)-maybe because they've changed the menu a little bit to include some new items (a honey pork rib special that was delicious!) but keeping some of my favorites - eggplant, corn, uni sandwich, paella?-maybe because you can order a paella in half-portions now?-maybe because i was with some of my most favorite people?but whatever it is. it was a good night.Very cool interior, fantastic-creative drinks. Great place to take a date or to meet a group of friends. Very tasty options for vegetarians and non-veg folks such as myself. My fav is their corn. OMG! To die for! So simple and yet so yummy! Genius! Will be back!Oh my. Best Tapas I've ever had. I went there on a Thursday night with a large group around 6:30 and there was no wait. I think we sampled just about everything. My favorites: the boneless spareribs, boar, and the grilled corn. I'd like to give Toro 5 stars but while the atmosphere was nice, I felt it lacked intimacy.  Also, I was not a fan of the chairs -- high backless stools are dangerous when paired with good times and Sangria.After a terrible dinner, I was left seeing red.  I was part of a party of six.  We were seated nearly 2 hours after our reservation.  Several of the clams in the paella were bad.  No bueno!OK, my friends like this, and some of them are chefs, and I was almost sure I was going to like it. I'm getting a little concerned about the accuracy of the reviews on Yelp. So far I've wasted my hard earned money 3 times after reading innacurate Yelp reviews. I kept ordering, and kept ordering, hoping that I somehow kept stumbling on the fluke on the menu. Much to my dismay, I was incredibly disappointed. As I write this, I am home with a wood fire started, and some meat being marinated and am planning to cook. The food was that bad, so much so that I became sick from the signature Corn dish. The corn was a travesty, think 4 pieces of corn, with 10+ tablespoons of butter, and some garlic and cheese mixed in for good measure. I'm not kidding, 10 tablespoons. I tried it and kept eating, waiting for some revelation or taste explosion to come to me. Sadly, none did and it made me sick to my stomach. Next, the highlight of the evening, the foie gras. It was quite good (though it's hard to foul up such a rich protein). I did like the pear and bacon chutney, all in all it was a nice dish. Next, a buffalo wing tapas. Drenched in bbq sauce, uneventful, stay home and cook them yourself. The duck drumsticks weren't bad. I'd eat those again. The rabbit was boring, a mishmash of flavors, and some really heavy tempura fried vegetables on the side. The braised short rib was also too heavy, go to Oleana or Garden at the cellar for this instead. Next, the cocktails, ahh yes, I think the bartender should have his shaker taken away from him. Ugg. The sandida (sic) was a watermelon based drink that had little to no vodka in it, my 110 lb. significant other was convinced it was juice only ($12 juice). I had a patron tequila based drink, highly recommended by the waitress. Whatever the bartender put in there was not intended by God to be mixed together. People, I drink EVERYTHING, I often finish my guests cocktails just because I hate to see good alcohol go down the drain. Well, I did not finish my $12 cocktail here. Water never tasted so good!Well, my grill is ready, and even though I left toro just 2 hours ago, my stomach is empty (thanks to the corn plate emptying my system out) and I'm ready to eat some real food. For Gods sake, stay home or go to a more deserving restaurant.We had a Gilt City certificate for a 10 course tapas menu with wine pairings and in the end, we easily had 15 (maybe 17?) different tapas and they were outstanding.  The wine pairings were excellent and plentiful and the variety of dishes were amazing.  My faves were the corn (see below) as well as the shrimp with shaved peppers.  I will definitely be returning for a "full price" meal at some point.  I will warn you that this was 5:30 on a Sunday and the place was PACKED and thus not only tough to get a table, but also a bit on the noisy side, but that did not bother us at all.It's hard to get a table at Toro, but once you finally succeed it's well worth the wait.  We ordered the Datiles con Jamon, Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija, Anna's Empanadas, Pato con Membrillo, Panza de Cerdo, Patatas Bravas, and, of all things, some brussels sprouts. We loved everything, but hands down we all surprisingly agreed that the sprouts were among our favorite dishes! For dessert we ordered the large cheese plate, which was not the greatest cheese plate I've had in the South End (The Gallows gets this honor), but perfectly satisfactory and just the right size for four people. Will definitely make the effort to eat here again.seriously?!!  did that just happen?!  did i just eat that food or was I dreaming?I finally, FIIINALLY go my ass to Toro and could not have been happier with the food.We (a table of 4) showed up at 8pm on a sunday night and waited approx 15 min for a table.   I ordered a Pisco Sour (so sorry nice bartender) and enjoyed it as much as one can enjoy such a strange concoction. Before we knew it, we were found by the hostess and sat in a window seat (yay).  Typically with Tapas, I find everything tastes that same.  It's as if they only have 5 spices in the back to work with, 8 meats and a HUGE fry -o- later.    But not at Toro!!!!The four of us ordered six or seven plates and found that each and every one was unique in flavor, texture and design.  You must of course get the corn, but also try the pimientos!   We originally planned on ordering more, but were completely full, which surprised us.  The bill came to about $70 for 4 people's worth of AMAZING food!   That's pretty unbelievable in the south end.I can't say anything more about this place. It will be the demise of my savings account, and I don't care.   If you want good Tapas, come here.  The end.At this point I know everything on their menu and I can probably predict what the new items are going to be like. After a longer, wider survey of Boston restaurants and Spanish tapas places on the Eastern coast of the US, I've concluded...Toro is really as good as it can get. But also, I've come to appreciate the consistently high quality of the food here. You know that anything and everything they serve will be really good - perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked. It may be traditional (patatas bravas) or a bit fusion; but no mistakes here unless you have horrid allergies. Due to the long lines and no reservations policy, I recommend going for a weekday lunch or an early dinner on a weekday. (e.g., Wait on a Sat night at 6pm: 1.5 hrs. Eek!)Popped in here on a weeknight for quick bite to eat with my husband (who just happens to be Spanish, by the way).  It was only sixish, and packed already, in fact, we got the last 2 seats in the house (lucky us).  It's dark and rustic inside, and I liked the communal seating (large long tables where you may end up sitting next to other people).  The tapas are actual "tapa" size, not the bigger "racion" size, and were phenomenal, although I wouldn't say 100% authentic Spanish fare.   We had duck with membrillo, roasted corn on the cob (not a Spanish dish), beet salad (not a Spanish dish), boquerones (definitely Spanish - finger-lickin' good), and mussels escobeche (very Spanish).  Everything was tasty, perfect for a small meal, "picoteo" as my husband calls it.  The only thing, I thought the wine list could be better, they had no Riojas at all, and it's the most popular Spanish wine.  But, they did serve the wine in a doubles glass - what beats that? Maybe,  a coffee mug.Beware: they don't take reservations, so if you come at dinner hour, don't bring your appetite just yet, you'll be waiting.Good food, trendy, an it place. Great drinks! The Bone Marrow was yumm! They need to stock Bully Boy vodka and then they'd get 5 stars from me!Oh Toro, how I love thee.. let me count the ways...They don't take reservations so boyfriend and I arrived early to get a great corner seat inside.LOVE the sangria, the mixed drinks we ended up getting were so-so. We stuck to the sangria.What we got:1. Corazon la Plancha - mmm beef heart, sooo tender and flavorful2. Mollejas - Sweetbreads & Blood Orange = yum3. Ventresca - Tuna Belly [tasted too tuna fish sandwich tho]4. Foie Gras con Chutney de Para - Pear/Bacon Chutney = love5. Uni Bocadillo - OMG... UNI SANDIWHC with MISO BUTTER... YOU MUST GET THIS WHEN YOU COME!!!6. Boquerones - Anchovies are so underrated... they're amazing.7. Cachetes Piperade - Monkfish Cheek... not that tender :T Sad8. Ostras en Escabeche9. Pulpo - I'm a HUGE fan of octopus, the potatoes were delish!10. Lengua con Lentejas y Sala Verde - smokey and melt in your mouth delish11. Codorniz en Escabeche - QUAIL!!!12. Pato con Membrillo - Smoked Duck Drumettes.. omg MELT IN MOUTH13. Vientre de Cerdo - You can NEVER go wrong with Pork Belly14. Ensalada del Invierno - I also need my greens, this was good.. sunchokes, acorn squash, apples, frisee and a sprinkling crunch of hazelnuts. YUM!15. Atun Pincho - Tuna Tartare with Coconut Milk/Lime... this was probably my least favorite... the flavors didn't do it for me... too milky...16. Callos de Collinsville - Supppppppper tender, huge chunks offf tripeeeee17. Coca de Pato - Flatbread with Duck Confit.... sooooo goooood...18. Costilla de Buey - Braised Short Rib..... NOM NOM NOM!!!19. Coles de Bruselas a la Plancha - needed more greens.. I have this HUGE obsession with brussel sprouts. LOVE.& last but DEFINITELY NEVER least... you gotta SAVE THE BEST FOR LAST....20. Asado de Huesos... BONE MARROW... with OXTAIL MARMALADE... omFg... - emphasize on the "F" :DAnd we ended the night with a plate of Churros with Chili Infused Chocolate :D NOM!Happy drunkenness.....this festive bodega has quite a buzz in the south end.  the long selection of tapas and  vinos espagnol aims to please. and the iberian wine cooler, sangria, flows.  a recent taste-test included tuna tartare, cauliflower plancha, braised rabbit on mustard toast, croquetas de bacaloa and the curious combination of roasted bone marrow you spread on  oxtail maramalade (their description) topped bread.   mind you, these are small servings and sounds more exotic than it is.  for example, the rabbit and oxtail are a couple of spoons of indistinguishable shredded meat.  the croquets no more than a teaspoon of salted cod in batter.  the tiny cup of tartare was mostly FOAM!! with 2 (small) glasses of wine the bill sets you back $60 + tip.   in the end, you may never say the eating is delicious but it will always feel like a  fiesta.Yes, we were sitting outside and yes, it was raining at the time, but nothing got in the way of this, the best meal I've ever had. Toro is like a gift from a God I don't believe in. I mean, describing this experience as anything other than "heavenly," would be a bold-faced lie. Let me break it down for you, I went with a friend and we were told to expect about a half hour wait. We got drinks (they serve calimochos, it's like they knew I was coming) and were, much to our surprise, seated within 15 minutes. That NEVER happens. Clearly, fate was on our side. So, we sat and agonized over the menu for about 20 minutes before deciding on a bottle of the avinyo and a plethora of tapas. Honey, let me tell you. Every bite of this meal was like the food equivalent of an exclamation point. The sea urchin stew with lobster and crab was a frothy, chunky, buttery delight. The white anchovies were a perfect balance of salt and citrus. The tuna tartare was a smooth, sensationally spiced, treat for the palate. My friend had the beef tongue, which I guess she really enjoyed, but I don't eat mammal. The waitress held the sweet grilled corn until we had wrapped up the other tapas, and clearly she knew what she was doing. That dish is probably one of, if not the, top dish I've had in Boston. Words cannot do it justice. Just go! Eat the corn, and all your worries will leave you. It's the ultimate foodie climax. I promise. We had the churros with chocolate for dessert, which were, as you may expect by now, simply divine.Really, I'm surprised you're still reading this and not heading to the south end immediately. GO.The food and service was outstanding.  Sure the place was packed but if you get here early you can easily sit at the bar.  I though the price was reasonable and the portions ample.  My date and I ordered the paella and it was heavenly, cooked just the way I had it in Cuba or Spain.  The rice so flavorful and all the ingredants so full of flavor.  Will I go back again that is a big Yes.I went to this Spanish Tapas restaurant in the South End with a few friends on a Friday night. It was noisy and almost every table was full. We waited for more than 40 minutes. Tapas is supposedly a Spanish term for small dishes. Here is what we ordered:Pate de Conejo - Rabbit Pate with pistachios and whole grain mustard. $6.Datiles con Jamon - Dates filled with almonds and blue cheese wrapped with ham. $6.Escalivada Catalana - Roasted Eggplant with onions, peppers, tomatoes, with sherry vinegar and olive oil. $7.Gambas al Ajillo - Grilled Garlic Shrimp. $12.Maiz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - The famous grilled corn doused with alioli and aged cheese. $6. Patatas Bravas - These are fried potatoes with aioli and spicy tomato sauce. $5.Pollo con Farro - Crispy chicken with farro, mushrooms and Madiera glaze. $13. Monkfish con Jamon - Serrano ham wrapped monkfish a la plancha with mussels and green chartreuse. $15. Total for all 8 dishes: Approximately $70.The bread was decent, was a good complement to the tapas. The Pate was decently good, the mustard had somewhat of a spiced kick. The Datiles were decent, liked the slight crunch from the almonds. The ham that wrapped around the Datiles was also tasty. The Eggplant was really tasty and I loved the mixture of the vinegar and the olive oil which gave the vegetables a great flavor. The shrimp was also tasty and probably the tastiest shrimp I had in Boston. Very thick and meaty. The sauce was great for me to dip the bread and made the bread tastier. The corn was probably the tastiest corn I have ever eaten in my life, mainly because it was doused with some sort of alioli that made a significant difference in the tasty flavor. The Patatas Bravas had the right amount of seasoning and the right amount of crisp on the outside. Nice and tasty crispiness on the outside, and soft to chew on the inside. The alioli and the spicy tomato sauce made the potatoes almost addicting to eat. The Pollo con Farro was probably one of the most delicious chicken meats I have ever eaten in my life. The chicken was so juicy and had the right amount of softness. The Monkfish dish was excellently tasty, the fish, the ham, and the mussels but I felt that there was little too much sauce. However, it was also a great sauce to dip the bread into and made the bread tastier. I believe the last four dishes I mentioned were probably the best dishes. The first four dishes I mentioned, while they were not the best, they were still tasty and a good choice as well. As for the service, I thought it was just okay nothing too memorable. The hostess was nice enough to give us a small plate of tapas just for waiting for more than 40 minutes for a table, so that was pretty cool and a great reward, making the wait pretty worthwhile. The atmosphere was really loud, mainly because it was a Friday night. After leaving the restaurant, I left with a feeling of fullness, but I still felt light and felt like I could eat some more. Despite that, I believe I had one of the most delicious and tastiest dinners I had in a long while. Overall, I believe this place is another one of the representations of Boston's food at its finest, and it is a great choice for some of the most delicious Spanish tapas in Boston.WOW! I just got back from Toro with the princess and two friends. It was absolutely amazing. I know I'm only giving 4 stars, but I'll explain why forthwith.So we found on-street parking close by (they offer valet, but I'd rather spend my hard earned money on more food than to have someone park my car for me.) When we first came in, the place was JAM PACKED, on a Thursday night. While inconvenient, I take this as a good sign. They are jammed, then dont take reservations....hmmm they must be doing something right! he hostess told us it would be an hour wait, but having read all the positive Yelp! reviews, my culinary comrade Alexandria assured us the wait would be worth it. We went into another small restaurant a few doors down and had a bottle of wine while we waited.We returned an hour later and were sat pretty quickly. We ordered a bottle of red from the helpful waiter and began picking our poisons from the menu. I cant write a paragraph on every item, but my personal favorites that you DEFINITELY should not miss are as follows: Sweetbreads (wonderfully sweet, smooth, with a velvety sweet chili sauce), Beef Marrow (flavorful, gelatinous goodness. I could have easily sucked down 3 more orders), Baby Octopus (savory, not overcooked, which is easily done to octopus) and finally, the very best item I had (drumroll please) ***THE PORK BELLY***! absolutely phenomenal. Like up there with the 55 day aged ribeye at David Burke's phenomenal. Anthony Bourdain describes pork fat as ethereal, and he is right. It is the pinnacle flavor for the human palate. This small plate of pork belly was absolutely packed with flavor. I had to put m fork down and close my eyes. It was a personal moment.Also enjoyable were the Cod Fritters, Roasted Brussels Sprouts, The Beef Heart (tasted like lean pastrami), the eggplant, and the Foie Gras. I really didnt see the hype around the Grilled Corn, and agreed with the princess's evaluation: "It tastes like an ashtray."Besides the corn, our least favorites included the Potatoes with Aioli (read: mayonnaise), the shrimp (overcooked), Tuna Belly (basically tasted like canned white albacore), and the Beef Shortrib (just kind of "meh"). These items, along with the overhyped grilled corn, deducted one star.The service was great, timing new plates to come out about the time we were finishing those in front of us, and our waiter provided some good suggestions. They also didnt give us a hard time about splitting  the check among 3 debit cards (I know, Im such a pain in the ass).DEFINITELY worth the wait, whether its an hour or two. The dishes that were good were AMAZING, and the service was helpful but not hovering, which I like. Its definitely a busy place that occupies a small space, so if youre looking for a roomy restaurant where you can spread out, this is not your kinda joint. Its a upper-middle class restaurant where you'll be comfortable in after work shirt & tie, or jeans and a t-shirt. I will definitely return, hopefully in the next few weeks!Now I'm off to sleep to dream about that Pork Belly while my dog gnaws hungrily on the marrow bone I brought home for him!Super overpriced...super long wait...still super yummy!Live around the corner - BEST food and drink by far. Just wish they took resos and wish that their wasn't always such a huge wait.I have only been to a few Tapas restaurants in my life, so I might not be the best person to judge a Tapas restaurant.  But, believe me, I have had really good Tapas and bad Tapas.  So, in my humble opinion, I think Toro is the best Tapas restaurant in the greater Boston area.  First, the food is very tasty.  Second, their dishes are quite unique and delicate (might not be authentic), most of which are not found in a typical Tapas restaurant.  Third, they have very good sangria.  Fourth, they cook your food only when you order, unlike some places that just heat up the dishes.  Fifth, the decor is great and it is definitely a place to take a date.  I highly recommend this place but it ain't cheap.i feel like this place is run by a dude or lady with no tongue. either that or no taste buds. WTF?????????????? everything was bland and just plain crap. the wine selection is good. the ambiance is nice. but i dont know where the hell the high reviewers are used to eating latin fare, but this is notttttt what i would want to bring someone to as their introduction to it. i've been here twice and literally ordered everything on the menu pretty much, as i like to do wherever i go, and there was not one thing that made me say "i'm happy i came here". the second time was more like " this time , shame on me". come for drinks in a really cozy environment and have ur fill of wine. other than that... eat before or after you come here.this place fucking knocked my socks off. i missed visiting places like this in boston - that exceeded all expectations.we got there early to sit and chill at the bar and have a pitcher of sangria (which was pretty good) and wait on ordering food. i was wearing a dress and boots and my boyfriend was wearing a devo shirt and we felt equally comfortable. i have to say this place for me is the ideal place to come early and order a few things and leave before the crowds get there because once yah-dudes are crowding you in at your formerly comfy bar seat you kinda wanna get your check real quick. (so this means check it out on a weeknight!) but i digress.the tomato/olive oil/garlicky bread was great. the much-hyped corn was pretty pleasing but i am sorry to say that i have had cafe habana (nyc)'s corn in my life so unfortunately no other corn will pass muster with me, but this was a close second (a little chili powder would go a long way!). this is a great place for vegetarians and omnis alike...i had the vegetarian paella, which was actually my first time having brussels sprouts, but was extremely delicious (& so huge i brought home leftovers!). my boyfriend had the anchovy and manchego bread and the wild boar and snail tapas and enjoyed them both. he thought the anchovies weren't quite as flavorful as he had expected but enjoyed it nonetheless. the bartender was extremely friendly and we got into a conversation about bitters and he gave us a few sips of bitters to check out, which was fun. we also had the churros dessert with melted chocolate which my boyfriend complained was not very sweet, but he still enjoyed.this place looks very interesting for brunch - i would definitely like to try it then sometime. i will NOT be ordering the FOUR DOLLAR cocoa puffs though, sorry to say. that shit does not stand!this would DEFINITELY be a place where i would go during a snowstorm! very very cozy.Toro - another name that's been on my list for quite a while.  For those who've read my reviews before you'll notice I say that a lot.  That's cause I'm being literal.  I have a list.  A literal list.  Ask me, and I will share.Anyhoo, we ventured out around 7:30pm on a rainy Thursday.  They don't take reservations, but I figured meh, it's kinda gross outside, it's almost 8pm, it won't be that bad.  WRONG.  Moving around in this place was like trying to be born (I imagine?).  It's very small, and very popular, so go figure.The wait for 2 was an hour, but what the hell.  We got some drinks, and stood around awkwardly, having to move every few minutes to let someone by.  This isn't really a bar where you hang, it's a bar where you eat cause you'd rather do that than wait for a table.  After 20 minutes or so, shortly after realizing I hadn't eaten since noonish and was sipping on a strongish drink, I thought I'd sweetly check in with the hostess, and make sure we weren't supposed to be standing near her to hear our name ;)  She asked us if we wanted to sit at one of the two dry tables outside - hey, why not?  I'm f'in famished, and would like to have the chance to at least eat something before I puke from drinking.Thus began our assault on the menu.  If you like food, don't ever go to a tapas place on a budget, especially not Toro.   I was, however, happily surprised to see the prices for plates range from $4-$15 ($18 for a special or two), so you can keep it reasonable if you try really really really hard and deprive yourself of amazingness.The service was consistently wonderful, and my dazzling, charming boyfriend (holla) pointed out that he loves Tapas because you order a whole ton of food, and then you never know what they're going to bring out next!  SURPRISE - foie gras.  SURPRISE - sizzling garlic shrimp.    Good point, my man.So, without further adieu, the report card:Queso Mahon - totally worth it.  Little cubes they'll probably bring out first - a great snack to start off the night.Foie Gras - I'd never had it before, but only heard delicious delicious rumors.  droooooool...Datiles con Jamon - this is quickly turning into one of my favorite dishes to order at a restaurant, and good lord when these are done right...well, see my comment about the after-dinner drink.Gambas de Ajillo - I loooove garlic and I looove shrimp, so put the two together, translate them into spanish, and i'm on it like white on rice.  These weren't a standout of the night mostly cause I've had them elsewhere and liked them more, but I still enjoyed every moment of eating them.Patatas Bravas - I'd say these were the biggest let down, simply because they're a standard tapas dish and Toro didn't really have a "take" on it.  it was mainly a pile of (well done) crisped potato bites with some aioli.  while it's a lot of food (and they brought it last, for a reason i don't know), i'd go for something else.  it doesn't represent Toro well.Honey Comb Tripe - this was a special, and stands out as the only thing I actively didn't like.Boquerones - Not my choice, but I tried one.  I think I'm just not a fan of them in general, but the bf was in heaven.Maiz Asado - it's like deconstructed creamed corn.  yummy.  messy.  very very messy.  and if you're like me, don't bother unless you've got dental floss with you.  but honestly, it's delicious, and basically two full ears of corn so if you're hungry this plate's for you.Pato con Membrillo - oh sweet sweet duck.  why do you have to be so cute?  you're so tasty.  Toro's take is no exception.  Costilla de Buey - this dish was solid.  I think it sounds more enticing than it ended up being, but I wouldn't say I was disappointed.I might as well just have typed a book, so I'll say one more thing.  Skip dessert (though I almost crossed the line and got some churros con chocolate) and just order yourself a mint flip.  One sip of that and I jizzed in my pants.The End.The food was scrumptious - especially the dates and the beef heart, but the corn was can't miss as well. Our server Hillary was polite and fast, and gave a couple of good suggestions about what to order.LOVE this restaurant. My big reason I dont go here.... I hate overly crowded seating. For these prices I want my own table and I dont want it to be 2 inches from the next table. The food is to die for ,so worth suffering through the wait and the seating arrangements but I dont go here often because of it. The red sangria is average. Be aware the prices reflect the quality, high. Overall I would recommend try it, you will be impressed by the food.I took my boyfriend here on Saturday night for dinner.  I knew they didn't take reservations, so we got there early and put our name in.  It still took an hour for them to seat us, but we went down the street and had some wine at a little Korean wine bar.  When we came back, we still had to wait for about 10 minutes, but the place was so packed that we had to wait outside (in the rain).  The place was packed, so although it was October and pouring rain, we had to sit at an outdoor table.  This was not ideal.  We were at least covered by the awning, but we were cold and getting wet.The food, however, was absolutely amazing.  The grilled corn was TO DIE FOR.  The duck was melt-in-your-mouth.  Everything was fantastic.  We got 6 tapas between the two of us and it ended up being too much food, but it was all so delicious!  The prices were very reasonable as well.  Love this place and would definitely go back despite the wait...next time I'd hope for a table inside though.I absolutely love this place! The food is out of this world! LOVE LOVE LOVE! The wait can be really annoying but the food makes up for it. I dream about the corn on the cobb. Can't wait to go back.Sometimes I just know when a burger's going to be great, I fully expected the famed Toro burger to deliver, and it did, exceeding my expectations in some areas, but disappointing in others. It terms of flavor, it's easily in the top three, rivaling only the Craigie burger in terms of beefy goodness, it's juicy beyond belief, and ordering the burger "messy" just adds to the flavor profile. A "messy" burger, for the uninformed, is the same spread used on the to-die-for grilled corn, featuring a blend of garlic alioli, Cotija cheese, lime and espelette pepper. I often find an alioli to be too much, but here it's the perfect compliment to a beefy burger.Pickled red onion adds a nice balance to the richness of the 100% short rib burger, but maybe could have used a bit more acidity, as I wasn't getting quite enough to satisfy my needs. It's a paltry 5 ounce burger, and quite frankly, despite ordering two tapas, I could have easily eaten another burger or two. Which isn't a bad thing, it definitely left me wanting more, and for $8 seems like a relative steal. But you have to factor in that it doesn't come with anything, filling in the blanks with a Tapas or two is up to you, and after all was said and done, for two people we were staring at a $50 bill once again.My biggest gripe is not with the price tag, I can live with that, but it was the lack of effort with the bun and the cheese. The bun is a pretty standard Arnold's white bun from the grocery store, arriving cold and un-toasted, it has little to offer, dissolving into mush almost immediately with the amount of juice coming out of the burger. And while there is a time and place for American cheese, it just doesn't belong here, this burger deserves better. The Cotija failed to deliver in the alioli, and the un-melted American does the same. I feel like a strong Cheddar or a Manchego really would have fit the bill and put the Toro burger onto another level. It is tricky to get the burger, as it's only available during weekday lunch hours, but in terms of the beefiness that I've been searching for, it's certainly one of the two best tasting burgers I've had in Boston to date, just imagine what a better bun would do?Toro toro! Andele! Tapas have never been so creative and yummy!!! Ken O has created a little spanish taberna in our own little south end. Always a mixed but fun crowd. The Caves is to-die-for!!!! Love love love it....More like 3.5 stars. Some hits and misses, surprisingly short wait,  and friendly service.Came here last night for ladies night with my friends. There were 6 of us so after reading about the long wait on weekends, we decided to get there at 6pm to put our name on the list. We ended up waiting for about 30-45 minutes which was great. We sat at the communal table in the center of the small restaurant. Service was prompt and the food came out kind of quick despite the restaurant being full.We ordered the white and red sangria. I personally liked the red. The white had lychee in it, but I thought the lychee kind of overpowered the drink. Out of 12 plates, only a few were good enough for me to have seconds of. The others were good but the flavors didn't wow me. The Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija  (Grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese) was good but I think it could've used some more kick. It they used sweet corn, I think it would've tasted better. Maybe a stronger cheese? Don't get me wrong, it was good but I've had better. The Asado de Huesos (Roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmalade) was good. It was my first time eating bone marrow. The texture reminded me of foie gras. My favorite was the Costilla de Buey (Rioja braised short rib of beef with armagnac soaked prunes and pommes puree). The prune was key for that dish. They only offer churros for dessert but it was so disappointing. It was undercooked so the insides were mushy and floury tasting. Maybe we should've brought them back to the kitchen but we just dunked them into the chocolate sauce.Despite the few dishes worth getting again, there were a lot on the menu that I still want to try so I'd go back.Toro is so amazing, too bad they don't take reservations and the wait in the winter is painful, but so much worth it! I'm a big fan of Spanish food but it wasn't until I went with a Spanish friend (one who tends to think Spanish restaurants outside of Spain are by definition bad and one who can tell if a ham is good or bad by just looking at it) that I knew that this place is indeed amazing! Okay, she said the ham wasn't good and that the food was not traditional Spanish tapas. However, the food is so tasteful. From the bread with tomato, to the maze or the duck... everything is great, especially to share!we ate our way through most of the menu and pronounced it 'all good.'be aware that it is pretty spendy and you can rack up a hefty bill without really thinking about.good food and a decent Scene.it feels young and hip, but still attracts all kinds of patrons. The menu is very creative, making sure to stay close to traditional tapas ingredients with that extra push to keep people coming back (very popular with locals). The staff is knowledgeable about their dishes and willing to find out answers to questions they are unable to field; their recommendations are worth following. The quality and preparation of food is spectacular, this is a restaurant worth going out of your way to try. And their bartender makes a strong drink!::worth trying::-beef tongue -garlic shrimp-mini burger with pickled onions (this was a real surprise)::other::-I haven't had any problems parking in that area, but be aware of resident parking (they do ticket!)-it's easier to get a table later in the evening, but call first-don't feel pressured to order all at once, expect dishes to comeout the moment they are done.One of my three favorite restaurants in Boston.Toro simply takes tapas to the next level.  While Toro's menu includes some traditional Spanish offerings like various grades of Spanish jamon, tortillas, and patatas bravas, what makes this restaurant extraordinary is the way in which the chef Ken Oringer artfully weaves new ingredients into traditional Spanish cuisine.  Incidently this restaurant is a favorite of all of my Spanish friends who have called Boston home for a spell.Definitely order completely from the tapas menu.  You really can't go wrong with anything you order on the menu, the house special corn however is a must.There are no reservations so go early, go in a small group, or be prepared to wait.  The restaurant always crowded.People love this place, but if you're wondering why 1 star....here's a quick synopsis of our experience:Imagine waiting an hour (they don't take reservations)  only to get on a crowded bus. A bus with such small seats you are literally bumping elbows with the people next to you. Mix in every word of your neighbors' conversation. Then take some ok spanish food and dump a ton of salt on it.That's Toro.Attention Spaniards (or people that wish they were Spanish *cough* me): this place has calimocho!  When I tell my friends it was all I drank when I was in Spain, they look at me funny because the recipe is coke and wine.  Weird, right?  Except that it's awesome and toro is bold enough to put it on their cocktail list.  Friends laugh and first dates are born at Toro with their always happening restaurant (read: always crowded, so prepare to wait as they don't take reservations).  The tapas are fantastic.  From Spanish favorites like chorizo, empanadas and tortilla to the truly inventive like bone marrow and pork belly with escargot.  You'll never get bored here with their extensive and creative tapas menu.  Tapas range from about $7-$12 and you should order 2-3 per person - money well spent, I assure you.  Ole!Best tapas I've had in Boston - better than Dali's, although Dali's has better ambience in my opinion.  Food is more important than eye candy though so I'd go to Toro more often if I had the money and if it were not so far away (unless someone owns a car and is willing to drive me/pay for me, that's not bad either, j/k).  I tried out the corn as recommended and it lived up to the hype.I brought my husband here for his birthday along with two other friends and since they don't take reservations we left as early as we could. Unfortunately we waited for two hours before we could sit down, and the hostess kept giving us false hope, "thirty more minutes, thirty minutes.." The place is tight, for such a pricey place, you'd think they could afford more space! Nevertheless, despite the long wait outside, the wait inside was not so bad, the service was great, and the food was good. Our server was experienced, polite, and very professional. When the food was served, Paella for four, we all thought, "great, looks big enough!"... as I write this I'm laughing to myself because when I first plunged in with the spoon I realize the pan they brought the paella in was not very deep! The food was salty, but I have had real Spanish paella before and it tastes similarly. We had good wine and the tapas were great. All in all, would I come back here again? Maybe, perhaps when I earn more money... maybe. What's important though is that my husband was happy :)Mmmmmm.  Toro.  Get the corn on the cob.  Delicious.  Everything about this place is good.  It can be busy, though, so make sure you get reservations if you want dinner.  I went here recently with friends, and it was a great place for a few girls to hang out.  The tapas are fun and sangria in a pitcher is a fan favorite.Fabulous. Fabulous. Fabulous!!! What a great place, great vibe, great drinks, and most importantly great food. No reservations, so getting a spot can be tricky if you get there in the later part of the evening.Recommendations1. Bone Marrow...amaaaaaaaaaazing2. Corn topped with cheese...is this even legal?3. Anything on the menu...worth every dime.If you have not been, go...now.Very expensive, but an absolute must when in Boston. In terms of scrumptious-ness this restaurant takes the cake, but in terms of ethnic validity not so much - I didn't think the dishes had anything to do with Spain. I'd recommend the grilled corn, green curry tripe, bone marrow, and a glass of raspberry rose. Of all the restaurants I've visited in Boston, this one was by far one of the best.Amazing food - went for Boston's Restaurant Week and had 14 of their dishes amongst 4 people. Everything was spectacular. The oil-cured tuna belly, foie gras on toast, veal sweetbreads, and pork belly were some of my favorites. My mouth is watering just thinking about these dishes. Truly a great spot for tapas in Boston. Unique flavors, near-perfect execution, great ambience -- would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves to eat.We have never been disappointed with Toro.  The food is always delicious, and I like the tapas idea because you get to try a bunch of different flavors.  The wait is a bit ridiculous, but can't blame that on the restaurant, gotta blame it on the City of Boston, which is sorely lacking in trendy, fun places like this.  Incidentally, I could eat the corn all day.  Seriously.Love this place! Went for a friend's birthday, knowing nothing about the food or drink here and what a delightful surprise it was. The crispy pork belly and the shrimp were exquisite and the real winner was the corn on the cob. Incredible. Also, it was very cool that after hours they hosted a vodka sampling and walked around with free Hors d'œuvres. Great vibe, but get there either really early or after hours because it gets packed.Unbelievable food.  A super foodie took me here and I told him I'd try whatever he ordered.  He ordered the Foie Gras with bacon (I love foie gras and this ranked top 3 ever), Spanish Tuna Belly, Garlic Shrimp, Empanadas, Smoked Beef Tongue, Sea Urchin, the CORN, Oysters (or was it the mussels), and something else that had a little too much texture for my liking but was still good.  Everything was truly amazing - I couldn't believe I actually liked beef tongue! And like everyone else said, the corn is heaven.  It should win 100 awards.  The white sangria was tasty too!  I'm so excited to go back.Meh and Ehhhhhhhhhhhh are two very good ways to express how I feel about this place.Both of my friends weren't too impressed by the Mollejas or the Foie Gras con Chutney de Pera. The Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija La Especialidad de la Casa was definitely the best dish there. The Escalivada Catalana was surprising good. The hummus was mediocre. Other than the spicy tomato sauce, the Patatas Bravas was forgettable. And the Croquetas de Bacalao was not flavorful at all. We were told by a disgustingly rude hostess that the wait was going to be an hour and a half to an hour and forty-five minutes and if I really had to wait that long, the food would TOTALLY not be worth it. We decided to suck it up and fare the 40 degree weather and sit outside. It was freezing, but it turns out that nothing on that menu would have made that wait worthwhile so it's a good thing we did. The waiter was pretty nice, we felt bad he had to come out and wait on us. They did bring us hot water so that was cool. This place is comparatively cheap for Tapas and other than that horrible horrible hostess who needs to get checked, the place is really posh and aesthetically pleasing. The food is fair for its price. But really, if there is a long wait, just go somewhere else.Over rated! From the reviews I was expecting amazing.  We got several things but nothing was to die for or very memorable. Had 2 pitchers of sangria and it was not strong at all. None of the food was "bad," it just wasnt as great as other reviews make it out to be! My date left, still hungry! Probably won't go backThis place has a good atmosphere, completed with a bustling open kitchen. The staff was knowledgeable enough for me to get a good glass from moderately sized, but unfamiliar (to me) Spanish wine selection. Got a table pretty quickly on a Thursday night (don't bet on it).  The tapas were a nice change of taste, in particular I recommend the grilled corn, the duck, and the absolutely scrumptulescent kobe beef burgers.  A good place for a night out.Great place for a drink after work, best for wine and cocktails. Loved the interior...very warm with a modern twist (note the large bull above the fireplace). I haven't had a chance to eat here yet, but the food looks wonderful. They don't take reservations, and I've heard the wait for a table can be long...you can order food at the bar, if you can find a seat.Great atmosphere and food! Spanish tapas awaitlove toro. love the corn, salt cod, white sangria, paella...it's all great. i've been to toro easily a dozen times and never found the service to be rude. if you don't like a crowd, come in early for their sunday brunch.Overall great experience - staff was friendly, food was delish, sangria was yum, and ambiance was fun.  The grilled corn was really good.  The garlic shrimp was not what I had expected, as I am so used to the way it's prepared at Dali and Tapeo.  I cannot remember the other tapas that we ordered, but the corn is definitely a must if you go here!A great assortment of foods that are packed with sodium and does not elicit much more comment from me.  Noise level can reach astronomical levels (as well as your bill) and the wait to be seated does not offer much relief.  I've reluctantly visted this spot several times with a group of humans and have left with disappointment ensuing every memorable visit.  I do particularly enjoy my meal while hovering over strangers and being bumped by staff/customers.  Your patience will be tested--try it yourself and tell me otherwise.For every attempt we have made to dine here, we were told that the wait time for a table would be a couple of hours, but this time we were determined.  One of the great advantages of having a residence nearby a locale filled with nice restaurants (one of the many aspects I love about living in the South End) is that you can go into a restaurant, put your name down on the wait list, and if there wasn't enough room in the bar area to breathe (as was definitely the case at Toro), head on home and call in to check the status of the wait list until your time is almost up.  Not only is this a great way to avoid a long wait that might turn out to be a claustrophobic nightmare, but its also a great excuse to have your very own pre-party with a bottle (or two) of wine that you paid half the price than you would have at the restaurant.  Just don't drink to the point where you will forget how to get back to the restaurant!So we arrive on a Saturday evening at 7pm and are told the wait will be two hours, which is what we had anticipated for anyway.  I put my name on the list and we head home for a nice bottle of wine and the Nintendo Wii as entertainment.  I called in for a status update every half an hour, and at about 9pm we decide its time to head back to the restaurant.  When we get back, there is still a wait but it isn't as bad as it first was (the hostess says there's one party ahead of us) so this time we decide to wait it out at the bar.  We end up having more wine at the bar and the hostess' boyfriend starts chatting it up with us, which was cool to pass the time.The staff was very friendly and very attentive to the fact we had actually decided to patiently wait for our table (most people probably decide to come back on a less busier night) and actually brought us a complimentary plate of something (I can't recall what it was now), which was actually quite tasty.  We finally manage to get a table at around 9:45pm and start ordering away with our tapas - the skirt steak, the ribeye beef, tortillas espanola, garlic potatoes, some kind of eggplant tapas.   Everything was pretty good, but I actually think the quality of the food was better at Tapeo on Newbury St (the hostess' boyfriend had alluded to this point at the bar earlier).The decor was very appealing, the kind of style that makes you want to make it a place you would hang out regularly with friends.  The sangria was a little bland for my taste, and again I think the sangria at Tapeo was much better.  But I think I would still come back again to give it another chance and try some of their other tapas, as well as their famed paella.After living in Spain for a while, I was really skeptical when I walked into Toro. The decor was impressive but i didnt think the food was going to hold up to the traditional fare I was used to. While most of the traditional tapas such as tortilla espanola and paella was delicious, it definitely had an american twist. The quality was fantastic though and there are non-traditional Spanish food items such as mini-kobe beef burgers which were out of this world! Toro is fabulous and tasty (if you want to pay for it!). While quite pricey its extremely delicious and worth going back to!BEST tapas and atmosphere (which is for some reason unusual to find in boston) in the city. waits can be long for a table, but worth it and the bar is cool anyway.try sunday nights or even mid-week for less of a wait.so much better than the old standbys of dali and tapeo, etc.brunch is good too...pretty much my favorite restaurant in boston rght now as the food is always flawless and the flavors are interesting and delicate.A 2.5-3 hour wait?  Get real.  Take a reservation for gods sake.  We left after the people in front of use complained to the host that their bribe to be seated hadn't worked.  I am clearly not cool enough for this spot.Fun for a weekday boozy girls dinner! Extensive, creative menus for both drinks and tapas. The corn is especially delicious. You will probably have to wait awhile for a table, but the staff is very nice. I recommend going with about 5 people so that you can try and share a lot of items but also still hear each other. I would definitely go back!Forced by circumstances to eat an early dinner on a Saturday night, we seized the opportunity to try to get seats at Toro at around 5:15 pm. Not a moment too soon, I'd say, as it was packed (as usual) by 5:30. Starting with the best features, the waiter was superb: pleasant, solicitous, helpful, appropriately attentive, and, most importantly, he made us feel at home in a hip spot where I fuddy-duddy such as I has little right to be. Next, the food is pretty darn good: yes, yes, try the corn, but we had a wonderful cauliflower dish (the waiter even told us how to make it at home!), and I loved the standards such as Serrano ham and mini-hamburgers. I was less impressed, I have to say, with some over-seasoned Brussels sprouts and a very fatty pork rib. Wine: we had a glass of house Tempranillo in small bar glasses to start. It was light and serviceable, but I decided we needed to order a full bottle to get my kind of stemware so we splurged on 2008 Phincalalli (a quick online search shows a 41 euro price in Spain and we paid $140). Good stuff -- spicy Rioja excellent with food at restaurant. Overall, it was a good experience and a delicious meal (if pricey with the wine), but I may not go back because I'm over 40 and it's just too hip: I can take only so much rap/hip-hop music in an evening.Meatpacking district feel; cool space. The wait was ridiculous - we had to go to Stella for appetizers first (Filled with the women who could never make it in NYC or LA but wish they could). Definitely worth coming back to Toro.I have been to Toro twice - once for brunch and once for dinner.  Brunch was very not exciting.  Food was not very good and the place was pretty much empty.  I tried going there for dinner on a Saturday night - key word is "tried".  We arrived at 7:30pm and put in our name for four people - they said the wait could be up to 1.5 hours, but most likely less because people put their names in and end up leaving.  OK, can deal with that espec. with the optimistic outlook.  Well, two hours later of standing in a crowded, HOT, packed bar (being shoved around like I was in a mosh pit), we still had not been seated.  Good bye Toro.  You are certainly not worth the wait, and I will not be wasting two hours of my night standing in your packed, extremely hot and noisy bar again.Come early, or you'll be forced to wait. Valet was great. Valencia Paella salty. Loved the short ribs and corn. Small portions, so ask the waiter for how many orders of tapas they recommend for your group.The food is amazing.  I thought Tapeo on Newbury St. was good, this place blows it out of the water.  Definitely get "the corn"!  You won't be disappointed.  Things I would skip are their "special" drinks and the flank steak, both of which were unimpressive.  Everything else was solid.      Things to consider....lack of parking, looooong line, and tight spaces.  The restaurant is small.  While I wasn't on a date, it's a great date place.The fiancée and I decided to have a night out on the town and landed at the hip spot Toro on a busy Friday night. The rest of this review is divided into three sections: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.The Good:The Sangria was fantastic. And the food, once we were able to get a seat was delicious. The sweetbreads were definitely a favorite along with the Empanadas and the serrano ham. At this point, I'm sad to say that while I remember being very happy with the food and wine I cannot remember the actual dishes as the rest of the scene overwhelms my memory for better or worse. I would definitely recommend the place again based on just the food and the sangria, but..The Bad:It took us forever to get seated. We didn't have a reservation, fair enough. But when the hostesses start playing good hostess/bitchy hostess with you, you've been standing around too long. We asked for first available inside or outside and were originally told 45 minutes which stretched out to an hour and a half with most our interactions unfortunately coming with the bitchy hostess. After more than an hour, the "good" hostess brought us some complimentary appetizers. Yet made it seem like it was compliments of the chef and something she was doing for everyone not because we had been standing around waiting for a table that seemed like it was never going to come. We managed to go through an entire carafe of (yummy!) sangria in the time we were waiting with just the two of us. The bar area was packed like teen girls at a Jonas Brother's concert. At one point I felt I was crowd surfing in order to get our sangria from the bar. Alas, dear hostess, do you just not know how busy you are to give people a real estimate of how long they're going to have to wait around? Or are you just too cool to really care about managing your customers expectations? Its proven that if you manage expectations customer service is a breeze. You tell me 2 hours and I wait 1, I'll be grateful. You tell me 45 minutes and I wait 46, I'm gonna be pissed. Simple math.The Ugly:This place is filled with douchebags and skinny chicks with big heads hanging on their boney bodies. It was infuriating and sad at the same time. Infuriating to listen to dumbass guys "ironically" drinking PBR at a really nice restaurant talk about douche-y things EXTREMELY LOUDLY RIGHT NEXT TO YOU and sad to see malnourished women feign caring at anything the douchebag has to say why eyeing a plate of Morcilla like a man stranded on a desert island eyes water. Be ready.4.5 for the food, ambiance and overall straight sexiness of this place.   0 for the excessive wait.We waited a long time, which for my girlfriend was an issue-didn't really bother me, this place is HOT, super HOT, and people want to go, and it's small, so there aren't enough seats for all the people so a long wait is inevitable-could they manage it a little better?  Yeah probably, but it is what it is really-you just have to expect it and get over it, or not go.  We put our name in at 650, were told it would be 1.5-2 hrs, so we walked down to Stella, a seemingly popular thing to do, as we saw several other couples from toro down there, had a couple of drinks, called toro at 815, they said it would be another half hour and around 845 we returned to find it would be another half hour.  My girlfriend was distressed, I didn't really care, especially as mr oringer himself followed us in the door, looking like the rockstar he is in a fur coat and looking pretty high on life-he's shorter than expected-as most celebrities seem to be.  We got seats at the bar, run by a truly spectacular latino bartender, didn't get his name but the drinks he makes are first class, the Nantucket mule: rain vodka, mascerated cranberries and ginger beer was one of the best drinks I've ever had.  After 45 minutes and a couple of delicious pinchos: foie gras on a toast point w/ a pear +bacon chutney (huge piece for $8), stuffed dates (stuffed w/ cabrales-yum yum yum) wrapped in proscuitto, and fried crispy sweetbreads w/ organge and cinnamon, we were finally seated ( 2 hrs and 15 minutes later).  From there everything went very well. The food is simply prepared and absolutely delicious-no frills.  We had ahi tuna (super fresh w/ lime and citrus-huge portion, delicious), the corn-which speaks for itself-an aboslute MUST have, patatas bravas, a beet salad w/ Jonah crab, and the pork belly w/ escargots and apples-really well-thought out and creative dish-new flavors and tastes with each bite.  I had a really nice glass of Spanish red-Mencia, and the lady had anther cocktail.  All together,the tab came to less than $100 (including the drinks and pinchos at the bar), which for what we had seemed an incredible deal.  Some of the tapas are expensive, the Tuna for example was $13 but some are much less-the corn is like $5 bucks and equally as impressive.The wait is a pain the ass but this place, once you get in and seated, is spectacular.  Next time we'll go on a Tuesday night.First, I have nothing against Toro.  In fact, it is a really delicious tapas restaurant.  I sometimes daydream of their malz asado con alioli (grilled corn).  It really is that good.  They also have a great selection of cava.  But there is a dark and dangerous side to this place.  Get there early, as there is no place I hate more than Toro on a Saturday night.  A few weeks ago, I went with my cousin and it was the worst EVER.  We ended up being bumped, shoved, and forced to sit in other people's laps.  I felt like a chocolate chicken in the Sahara.  The entire time, a few hours worth, the matre d' along with any non-busy staff was standing there staring off into space or chatting amongst themselves.  They have never heard of crowd control...Having moved from LA recently, I was searching for my next "Cobras & Matadors"-esque establishment (my fave tapas joint in Hollywood!).  I have to say, after my first meal at Toro, I was in love.It's the perfect place for a date night or even just a group of friends looking for a happening scene that's got well-crafted drinks and delicious small plates.  Totally unpretentious atmosphere, with a decently packed bar area where everyone waits for a table.  It's one of those places that has a great vibe with the typical loudness of an excited Friday night crowd, but it's not overly crowded - it's just packed enough that you feel like you're out for a fun night on the town.  Yes, the wait is going to take at least a half hour or more and they don't take reservations, so I would only go if you were ready to spend a good 2-3 hours at Toro.  They have plenty of drinks to keep you happy while waiting and if you're lucky enough, you can even snag a seat at the bar where they serve the full menu.  In fact, I've only eaten at the bar area and can say that it was one of the best nights I've had in Boston!  Most of their dishes are up to par and you can probably be full after 2-3 dishes each plus drinks.  A must-have is the house special corn, drenched in delicious creaminess and bursting with flavor.  If you like uni, they've got a pretty unique spin on what's typically a delicate Japanese sashimi dish.  And of course, you can't go wrong with Jamon Serrano anywhere you go.  Excluding drinks, the tab will run you about $30-40 each.  It's definitely worth it, given that the menu is super long so you'll never run out of dishes to try.  I'd go there again in a heartbeat!I went here for restaurant week and it was so good. The tapas were just the right size and everything was delicious. We had the eggplant, empanadas, and sliders. The beef on the sliders was perfectly cooked. The dessert of churros were awesome with the chocolate dipping sauce. I would highly recommend this place. I hope to get back to there soon to try their drink menu.man i dont know where to start. i have nothing but love for this place. toro is a barcelona-style tapas restaurant. they serve spanish-style small plates - tapas. full bar with an awesome cocktail and all spanish wine list. it is accessible by the subway and street parkings usually available. the wait can be long on weekends. i usually come here during weekdays and wait is about 20 mins. i would grab a drink at the bar and my table would usually be ready before i even finish my 1st drink.very loud and cramped seating. service is acceptable.today i came to toro with 2 friends. we got there around 6:30 and were seated immediately. i asked for something fruity and summery and the waitress suggested this gin drink. it was fruity and refreshing, exactly what i wanted at the moment.my friend got this - a vodka drinkcorazon- smoked buffalo heart with romesco.i dun eat hearts so i did not try. my friend loved it. i bet its good too.mejillones escabeche - warm marinated mussels, fennel, garlic toast.this was my FAVE dish of all, but i think they changed the recipe. the one they used to have was amazing.  this one was good, but not as good as the old one they used to have. im sad that they changed it.this was the one versionAtun Crudo- yellowfin tuna with white soy, spicy cucumbers, citrus and avocado. they have something like this @ neptune but this one jus took it to another whole new level.asado de huesos - roasted bone marrow with radish citrus salad and oxtail marmaladeim not too obsessed with this dish but whoever i come here with they all tend to love it.uni bocadillo - pressed uni sandwich with miso butter and pickled mustard seeds. simply delish. the taste of ocean.valenciana paella - shrimp, mussels, clams, chorizo, chicken, and calasparra rice. fresh seafood and tender chicken + bold and flavorful. LOVEbeef tongue. im not a big fan of beef tongues but i totally enjoyed this. best beef tongue ive ever had.crispy pork belly with snails, fava beans and vidalia onion puree. i am not a fan of pork bellies but this was delish too.patatas bravas - fried potatoes with alioli and spicy tomato saucemaiz asado con alioli y queso cotija - grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese. people rave about this like crazy, but i wasnt impressed. altho it was good, but there are many other things that more worthy to try!hamburguesas - grass fed mini burgers with smoked tomato, alioli and pickled red onion. it was delish but kinda fills you up. i wouldnt get it again.the food worth EVERY SINGLE penny you spend here. food is amazing. nothing will disappoint.love this place... bar rocks for service and food... the corn on the cob is amazing! yummm!without a question you must go!!went on a friday night probably around 9.it was packed.we managed to grab a seat at the bar after wating and being quick to grab when the people left..i think its probably best to go either really early or kind of late i cant imagine going from 6-8.the bartender was really nice she recommended some drinks that we were deciding on.so as far as drinks def try sparkling cucumber sangria-light,refreshing and just the right amount of sweet and carbonation caramelized caipirinha el chupacabra-i got it with corzo tequilla.verdad y amor- again with corzoall the drinks were great,i liked them because they were different.and it gets old always seeing the same drinks everywherefor food  we orderedatun tartarehummusboth were very good and went well with there breadgrilled garlic shrimphanger steakbraised short ribs and their AMAZING CORN!!!!!!all were very good but seriously the corn was beyond amazing and awesome.i will forever dream about it and have cravings for it.its a great experience both atmosphere,food and drinks.Had a wonderful dinner here recently with family and friends. It is a small place that is always crowded so expect to wait... but it will be well worth it.  Excellent drink menu and so many small plate options it was hard to only pick a few. They real star of the show though was the paella. We went as a going away dinner for a friend moving away... She has already requested we go back to have the paella the next time she is in town!mouth-wateringly delicious.the yelper who yelped about the corn was right.just get the damn corn.i ordered the shrimp and it came out completely undercooked, which would be my only complaint, only ken oringer himself came over to apologize about it and took it off the check.amazing.  i don't regret a single penny i spent there.and the sangria--tdf [to die for]--exactly what it is supposed to taste like.THE CORN!  Do not leave this place without trying the corn.Super NOT impressed, but it's still an OK restaurant. I've been here twice and both times, haven't been wowed by Toro. If anything, maybe it has been a little overhyped and it just fell short of my expectations. For restaurant week (fresh in my mind) we ordered:- Bacon wrapped dates - Nothing wrong with it per se, just the cheese was way too stinky for me and my friend. We didn't end up finishing it. - ("Signature") Toro roasted corn on the cob - tasty, yes, but special? No. You can make this at home. The key is the aioli. If you can get your hands on/ make our own aioli at home, you don't need to Toro for this! It's not even special aioli. - Tuna Crudo - Light, fresh tuna in a nice sauce. A little bland, or you could call this dish refreshing. Nothing special, yet again.- Omelette - the 1 bite wonder. Honestly, it's an omelette with potato in it. SIGH. Did I really just drop $5 on a bite of egg? - Grilled shrimp - Probably the BEST dish we tried. I loved the large, perfectly grilled shrimps! Full of flavor and swimming in a wonderfully creamy sauce. I'd eat this every day if I could! - Churros - Probably highlight of the meal. Nice, piping hot, crumbly, crusty churros that are DRENCHED In sugar and cinnamon. I don't think you can go wrong with this dish. Overall, not coming back for not-that-special, little portions of food. I'd rather drop my cash elsewhere.Probably my favorite restaurant in Boston. Full extension porron pours, delicious corn, ...The wait and lack of reservation-taking get no stars, but the tapas get all FIVE - by far, the best in Boston.It's a great South End scene, especially in the summertime - crowd is more locals on weeknights and more destination diners on FRI/SAT.  On weekend nights, even if you're there at 5:30, you're in for at least a 45 minute wait.We once waited for (no joke) 2 hours upon arriving at 6PM on a Saturday. Don't let the wait prevent you, though - just block off your night, get there before 6 and pass your time waiting for a table getting to know the hot bartenders and sampling the great drinks (red wine and coke - who knew!?).  Spaniards do it better, clearly.  Value:  Decent value - a lil' pricey, but worth every pennyPick o' the menu:  Octopus ceviche, steamed whole fish, croquettesSkip o' the menu:  N/A - in dozens of visits, I've never had a bad tapaWe tried the chef tasting menu a few weeks ago and it was great. Priced at $45 a person, I figured it would be a great way to try lots of things on the menu. Everything I had was great from beginning to end. Do not eat lunch first as we were not able to finish all our food!The potatoes and corn are particularly fantastic, though everything we had was tasty.  The wait for a table was much longer than expected (over an hour on a weekend), but their drinks were pretty good, so it wasn't so bad.  Be prepared for a noisy and somewhat cramped atmosphere, but the food is definitely worth it.I'm updating again with only 1 star for the same reason as Alesha G.  How is it possible for this restaurant who is notorious for NOT taking reservations, do a complete 360 on Restaurant Week and ONLY take reservations.  Very disappointing management.  I won't be returning.Everything at Toro is amazing but my favorite is handsdown the corn. Could never come here and not get the corn.Best time to come is Sunday brunch, they do not take evening reservations, and it's a bit of a wait during dinner rush hour.Gonna try Coppa next! :)I went back recently.  The friendliness and professionalism of the staff has improved immensely based on this visit.  Bumping up to 3 stars.I tried to make a reservation at Toro, but they didn't take reservations.  OK, fine.A few days later (mid-week), I drive all the way over to Toro, and it turns out that the place is closed off for a private business event.I would have known this if they'd just take reservations!  I'm sure the food is great (guess I'll never know), but it seems pretty inconsistent to me to allow reservations for businesses but not individuals.This place is incredibly good spanish-american fusion. The only problem is that they don't take reservations and you almost always have to wait an hour for a table.Toro is one of my favorite restaurants in the South End. I know I have only reviewed 3 other places( don't  hold that against me I try) but I am drooling thinking about it while I suffer through corporate cafeteria food. They don't take reservations but I found sitting at the bar just as enjoyable. The guy bartender, I forget his name..made us drinks to our individual tastes and gave us excellent suggestions on food. The cauliflower, peppers, shrimp, dates, and of course the corn with the mayonnaise dressing were fabulous. To top it off we did a craft of wine passed it along the bar to top off a great meal.4 plus stars! Went during restaurant week. No reservations - was a last minute idea. We were told 45 minutes so we settled in at the bar (great ambience) and enjoyed some delicious cocktails. 1 member had a glass of wine - quite a hefty pour!Sure enough 45 minutes later we were seated on the patio. A little delay in acknowledgement and our waiter's attitude practically screamed how bored he was with his job. Took us awhile to break him down but a little personality did emerge. Back to the food. The pinchos were small bites of BIG flavor - left us wanting more. The datille con jamon (dates with ham) and the ventresca (tuna) stood out. We split 8 tapas and it was a steady stream of food, which was nice. My only complaint here is the Patatas Bravas (potatoes) came last. The whole table agreed that the bone marrow, the corn  and the salted cod fritters stood out. The zucchini was flavorful. The octopus cerviche was a little bland. The selection of wines was excellant. We also had a pitcher of the red sangria which none of us were particularly fond of.This was my third visit and won't be my last!!!Como se dice "overrated?"I've lived down the street from Toro since they opened, and have always assumed that the Soviet style lines out the door foretold a magical culinary experience.  Keep in mind that there are lines out the door at P.F. Changs and Cheesecake Factory as well. The experience was--not terrible, but certainly nothing great.  1) Service:  Surly and inattentive. The butchy server acted like she wanted to kick my ass just for going in the place.   I'm generally willing to overlook crappy service if the food is truly exceptional.  It's not2) Food: mediocre and overpriced.  The $10 empanadas were tiny and flavorless--the $7 patatas bravas were unremarkable, and the hamberguesa was a soggy undercooked mess.  I like rare meat, but this was kinda gross.3) That damn "City Soda."  What is up with this stuff? It's vile--please go with a name-brand soft drink.Not the worst thing to eat on Washington Street, but certainly not worth waiting for.  There is much more authentic Spanish food to be had at Tapeo.Dear Toro, I have frequented this establishment many times with overwhelming satisfaction every time- however tonight I felt I needed to share a couple of things about my experience.  1) Your hostess quoted 1 1/2 hours... our table was ready in 2 1/2, not cool.  She also seemed to have no idea what she was talking about when we asked about our table at the 1 1/2 hour mark. 2) We have always acknowledged that there would be a significant wait for a table, however, with proper hovering, we have always been able to snag bar seats in a reasonable amount of time.  Tonight, we waited in the same spot for about 45 minutes before your inattentive bartender decided that he was ready to as us if we would "like" to be added to the "bar list" for dining.  You can imagine our disappointment and surprise to realize that you had changed policy about bar-dining and your hostess neglected to share any of this with customers.  I know that we personally witnessed at least 5 parties attempt to claim bar seats only to be asked to move for this new "wait list" system. If that's what you want to do- great, just tell your people to spread the word as MANY of us were thrown a curve ball there.  As always, food was exceptional.  Unfortunately, you still need to work out some kinks in the communication department.Wow.  Just wow.  Everything is incredible, including the duration of time it takes from the moment of entry to the moment of food or liquid touching your lips.  The demand here outstrips supply.  My proposal:  have a line spill out the door and spray everyone with icy cold water so only the worthy and determined can get inside.  If that doesn't work, maybe random electrocutions or rabid honey badgers should be considered.First visit last night started off very well, as we arrived at about 9:45 and were seated by very friendly hostess.  The wait staff was knowlegable and attentive, as well as very nice.   We ordered a lovely bottle of wine, which was perfect.  The empanada, the corn, cuttlefish, and beat salad were also perfect and delicious, made better only by the fire in the fire place.  Small, crowded, urban, chic.41/2 stars and one of my favorite places in Boston.  The only reason for minus 1/2 star is the fact that they don't take reservations and the music is soo loud.  But the food is amazing and at least they call you when your table is ready. Best dishes are the cauliflower, eggplant, bone marrow (yum!), and, of course, the corn. Quite honestly, nothing I have had here has not been at least good.The food here was ok.  Some of it was even great.  But the overall level of quality was mixed, and it's a bit of a mystery to me why it is so well-reviewed here.  One problem we did not encounter was a long wait - arriving Tuesday night in the middle of a snowstorm probably helped.Again, the food was pretty good.  Especially the bone marrow.  4.5 stars.  Yay.The service.  Eh.  Not really on the same level as the food. Maybe 3 stars.  The silverware was just cheap stuff.  There was no polish to the service.  And for a place with prices like this, I expect to be served very professionally.  I would budget $50-$80 a person, depending on how hungry you are.  And they don't have any Spanish hot chocolate!  Not that you have to have that, but it sure would be nice....If I earned the big bucks and money was no object, I could see myself coming back here now and then.  But as it is, I can think of a lot of other places I"ll probably be spending my money on semi-nice nights out in the future.I was so unimpressed with the service, that I approached the manager (chef) who was genuinely apologetic which I appreciated. Unfortunately, it didn't make up for the rudeness of his staff - from the bartenders who looked and acted like their grandmother had just died to the server who first greeted us 10 minutes after we sat down and after taking our order, didn't return again until our plates were cleared (25 minutes later). We would've ordered more food had anyone asked (which we were clear about when we kept a menu and said "we are going to order more food") but we lost our appetite. I should say the food's usually great, if a little bit over-priced and over-salted (griddled garlic shrimp, for example).Maybe you'll have better luck, but I'm saving my money.Toro is my fav restaurant in Boston.  I can't go long without having their epic corn. This is the kind of place you can eat at multiple times per week.  Whenever I have friends or family in town we go here.  The bill is always surprisingly cheap for how fricking delicious everything is.  I also recommend their garlic shrimp, hot peppers, patatas bravas, duck drumettes, & octopus ceviche!!  Don't even bother with the other tapas restaurants in Boston; Toro blows them out of the water.I absolutely love Toro - after being introduced to Toro a few years back by a friend who lives in the area, my husband and I have made it a point to stop by every time we're visiting Boston or even just in driving through. My absolutely favorite tapas is the maiz (grilled corn). I don't know what's in the topping, but it's addicting and unforgettable. The service is consistently good as well. It can be a little pricey though (we just spent $20 including tip just for 2 orders of the corn at lunch) but it's worth it, especially for a special occasion.My favorite restaurant in Boston. Ken Oringer is a genius. Eating at Toro is an experience, right down to the music. The Maiz asado is a must. The duck legs are beyond delicious. To drink...the honey badger made with aperol and white whiskey. Churros to end a perfect dining experience.I love toro when i can get IN to toro.  I've been rejected from toro a few times because the wait time is 1.5+ hours.  The food is excellent.  The house corn is good, but a little embarassing to eat on a first/second date.  The braised short rib is awesome, as are kobe beef sliders.  The drinks are really really good - my favorite is the pomegrante martini, i forget the fancy pants name they have for it.  Wine is excellent, as is the cava.  I'm actually a little obsessed with Ken Oringer and have eaten at all of his restaurants.  I saw him in the flesh at both La Verdad and KO Prime and was giggly.  Why?  I do not know.Since this is a Ken Oringer restaurant , I was really expecting something incredible.It was not to be, unfortunately.The service was also quite poor.One of my favorite restaurants in Boston!  Always has consistently good food and a good selection of Spanish wines.  It's always crowded and a bit too noisy for any decent conversation.  But the food makes you unable to talk anyway.  For those of you who've never been or never waited around for a table--be patient.  It's worth the wait.  Must try's -- corn, bone marrow, gambas, tripe and more.  I never get tired of eating at Toro.Torro lives up to the rave reviews!As others have said, go early to get a table . My three friends were waiting for me when I arrived at 6:30 on Monday evening and it was not crowded...yet. By 7 pm the place was full and when we left around 8 pm, the wait was about an hour.The food and the service was excellent.  Even as it got really busy we never had empty water glasses and dishes were cleared as soon as we were finished but never without asking first.  They seemed to have staffed properly and had their act together.  Started with the Verdad y Amour...great cocktail.  I tried the eggplant which went well with the bread they serve. I also had the dates wrapped in ham...totally yummy.  We all tried the grilled corn. Also yummy but very very messy.   The short rib  may have been the only thing that was just ok, although whatever the puree was under it made it a lot better.   Two of the guys split the paella and it was huge and full of seafood. Not my thing but they were pretty impressed!  They had also tried the griddled shrimp and loved it. We had a bottle of Granache as well, but not sure which one. It was good, but not great.  The prices for bottles are pretty reasonable though. The churros with melted chocolate were delicious and gone in 60 seconds! one and only real negative...bathrooms were unisex and pretty dirty condidering it was still early.  This would not stop me from dining there agian, just kind of weird sonce the place was clean and nice everywhere else.Believe the hype.We came in a party of six on a tuesday night for a birthday dinner and were lucky enough to get seated quickly.  That's good, because the pace filled up right afterwards and stayed full for the few hours that we were there.  The restaurant has a laid back feel, and the wait staff were attentive and accommodating.  The highlight is the food.  Amazing assortment of small dishes.  We ordred over 20 different ones and was never bored with any.  My favorite dish was the uni sandwich - warm and succulent.  My surprise favorite was the sliced beef heart - tender and tasty.Try coppa instead. Was really into the idea of this place but the food is inconsistent. Got the paella to split and it came chewy and burnt and took 40 minutes to arrive. For the price you want it to be delicious not disappointing. Had a burger there a long time ago for a quick lunch with friends. It was cheaper at around $11 but I haven't seen it on the regular menu since. Maybe its just on the lunch menu. 1 star added for the bone marrow, smoked beef tongue and decent atmosphere. watch your elbows in this jam-packed thursday night yuppie hot spot. Don't expect a culturally diverse crowd.dear toro....i didn't like you at first...maybe it was our rendezvous during the daytime....everything tasted unoriginal and felt stale.  but with all dates.. i believe in second chances.... so we meet again,but on one condition... we push to evening and infuse ourselves with more cocktails and food.  and then i nearly fell in love.  my heart warmed up to the sweet sounds of foie gras, paella, tender spare ribs, croquettes, pork belly.... ah, what a night and day difference.  NOW you are talking my language.  i can't wait for the next time i come to visit again. Remarkable restaurant with phenomenal food.clearly the first picture on here is of the corn.   have dreams about this corn.  seriously.  dreams of corn.  i cant even explain what makes the corn so delicious...its definitely something you need to try though.  aside from the corn though, this place is worth a visit.  the other things on their menu are really interesting and good--i dont know that ive ever ordered something that i didnt like here.  the drinks are fun, and its one of the few places that you can get a porron.  it can get a little expensive depending on what you order, but i think its prices are in line with other tapas places in the area.this place is a great place to go with friends any night of the week.  ive never seen this place when it isnt busy.  sometimes though, it can get a little too busy...so busy that you cant move.  and it can make it a little difficult to enjoy the food when youre being bumped every 5 seconds.  even with that though, its worth it to stop in just for a taste of the mouth-watering corn.There's not much I can add to a place that has over 100 reviews, but I will add that I had an awesome experience at Toro. I brought my BFF from out of state, wanting to treat her to a special dinner while she was visiting. Although the South End is a little out of the way for me, I figured her visit was a good enough reason to cab it all the way over there. Little did I know that once I ate that corn, I'd be looking for more excuses to make that $20 cab ride! HOLY MOTHER OF GOD was that corn good! All buttery and cheesy and a little crispy from the grill. It is the perfect food. I do wish they'd give you some toothpicks on the side, as I spent 5 minutes in the bathroom trying to get all the corn out of my teeth, but oh well, Totally worth it. We also ordered the patatas bravas (which were delicious, and BFF's favorite part of the meal) and a few other dishes. This is the perfect spot to hit for good food if you eat small portions like she and I do. It's not too expensive if you don't order a gazillion dishes. We also had some great wine, but I don't remember what it was.Yes, they don't take reservations. We got there at 6, put our name in, were quoted a wait of an hour and a half, and went to Pho Republique for a drink. And hour later, we came back and were seated. No biggie, if you plan for it. The service was attentive and the atmosphere is super fun. As for BFF, she went back to Colorado raving about the potatoes. And now she's moving to Boston! I'd like to think it's because I live here, but I think it's really because she can't stop thinking about the damn potatoes.WOW, hands down the best tapas of my life. Service was phenomenal, she told us exactly what we had to order and how much we need for 3 people. The corn, cauliflower, and bone marrow were orgasmic. If you're in Boston, you MUST come here!!! I cannot stop recommending Toro to everyone I talk to!The bottom line: Very very very good food, awesome selection of dishes (most very Spanish and some to cater to the very American palate), reasonable price for the quality. I am a fan and I will come back, if I am lucky.The good: The food is EXCELLENT. The variety is tantalizing. We had the several cold and several hot tapas dishes.The cold dishes we had were fresh white anchovies (wow!), the eggplant dish (very good, though somewhat "familiar") and the tuna bellies (again - very good, just not 'distinct enough' as compared to canned tuna).The hot dishes included the corn everyone is talking about (and for a good reason - the most unique corn dish I have every had) and the chicken empanadas (that had a very enjoyable crunch and came is a very good lentil pure that was surprisingly light and refreshing). Both had an aioli base that in our mind really hit the spot.For desert we took the choros. We have had choros before - both in Barcelona and Madrid. These were better.The service was very polite and many times unnoticeable (which I think is a big plus).The bad: The only reason I did not give 'Toro" 5 stars is the atmosphere. It was not bad. I liked the crowded seating and the long-shared tables. I just disliked the very dark room (I think food like this should be given light to enjoy it better) and the noise level (I would prefer a more mellow, 1960's-esk atmosphere for this food).Incredible food. Not the best Sangria I've ever had, however. There was only one table and it was completely packed....at 9 pm on a Wednesday night.  That should tell you something about the quality. We tried the corn....so worth it! Also the octupus salad, delicious! Order a lot if you're hungry, and be prepared for a minimum $50 for two, (a bit much for my grad student budget, but nonetheless worth it).torro is located right in the south end...in a neighborhood where other great and jazzed up restaurants are located too. it took me about 15 min from my place to torro. we also arrived 15 min before 6, and the place was already packed. i wasnt in the mood to wait around so i opted for the 2 open seats at the bar. the bartender was pretty cool. he was attentive and made tasty drinks for everyone the whole night. we ordered a lot of tapas ...and the food came out fast. everything looked great. i was actually really impressed.... and yes, the corn is very good here...the gravy on it is bomb. the fried potatoes are a must order as they were perfectly fried. the bone marrow was very different in a good way; i really enjoy trying new stuff like this...the smoked beef tongue tapa blew me away...stir fried clams were light and extremely tasty. we also got a pitcher of sangria and tasted fine. finally, 25 min later, the seafood paella arrives...i was a bit disappointed with it given its hefty price...not much seafood (no lobster) and not much rice either. but in the end, it filled me up good so i was fine with it afterwards. overall, it was a great meal especially for the first time and left me with a positive experience. i must say it is a very efficiently-run restaurant...will definitely repeat!It's ok... not fantastic... I'd come back if a friend wanted to go. I just feel like all their stuff I could cook at home or find easily at a specialty store. It's overpriced and lacks flavor, but it is definitely edible. It's a good place for a small meal, but definitely don't come hungry or you'll spend way more than you wanted to.Very creative tapas ... enjoyed the rabbit pate wrapped in iberian ham, grilled garlic shrimp, and braised beef cheeks.  Nice Spanish wine selection, including sherries.  Friendly service at the bar.  Will return.I went here for dinner the other night and let me say first, get there before 7:30 if you don't want to wait. With that said, the food is entirely worth the wait! Everything my date and I had was fantastic (Veal Shortbread, Chicken and Potato Empanadas and Squash dish). Their Sangria is nothing to sneeze at either. While we sat at the bar, 2 separate couples got a corn dish that looked unreal, but we had already eaten. Run, don't walk at your first opportunity to go to this place.Propbably one of the best resaurants in Boston. The corn is insane, cheap spanish wine, good crowd, they put your cell phone in a glass for you (nice touch) I don't what else to say, the place is great.Great milieu and staff.Food is delicious and well priced as tapas are small portions and meant to be shared.A trendy place, no need for button-up's.Reservations aren't accepted over the phone, you physically have to check in.The bar can get crowded.This place was great! I came last week after a friend of mine told me how phenomenal it was. He was absolutely right. I tried a number of items on the menu and all were delicious. It is so much fun to try a little of everything, I even found myself sampling unusual foods I never imagined I would try, much less enjoy! The atmosphere is very fun and lively, and prices were not that bad at all.  What I liked most is that the small portions don't leave you uncomfortably stuffed when you leave, instead I felt comfortable and satisfied. I would love to go back and try some more!Instead of braving a 2 hour wait, I braved the cold to eat here. The food was good, especially the hanger steak that was DELICIOUS. The service left much to be desired although it was freezing so I could understand why he wanted to stay inside. Some of the items, I would not get again: the marinated mahon cheese, the pork rillette special. All in all, I'd come back on a weekday when I can make a reservation.I came here last Friday for a work luncheon. Not expecting a restaurant to be very crowded at noon on a Friday, we didn't even try to make a reservation. We were in for a surprise. It was extremely crowded and we couldn't even find a table so we all sat at the bar which meant that the people farthest from the corner of the bar were a bit excluded from the conversation. The highlights here are the tapas. We had a  plate of shrimp in a sauce that was so delicious several people used the bread for the table to mop up the last bits of sauce on the serving plate. I also enjoyed their salads. The vegetarian option, with a nice bit of cheese in it was delicious. The Atun salad was also good with large pieces of high grade tuna. Others in our party feasted on the bone marrow and enjoyed it greatly. IMO, the cheese plate was not that fabulous. The cheese could be better quality and more varied. There was too much of an emphasis on Manchego and manchego-like (hard) cheeses. Service was better than I expected with our server bringing us fresh silverware for different courses. He also replenished our bread basket without us having to ask. Prices are reasonable, especially if you are coming with a large group and can order a lot and try everything. The atmosphere is a bit crowded and noisy so if you're looking for a quiet time out, look elsewhere. Also, I agree with others below. Do not order to corn dish on a date. While delicious, it is impossible to eat without getting cheese sauce all of your face and fingers. I look forward to going back.Perhaps it's just the RW hubbub that muddled tonight's service and/or food quality, but I was less than impressed this time.Was greeted by the hostess upon arrival at 5:40.  We got there early knowing they don't take reservations, so we wouldn't have to wait forever.  The hostess asked us if we had reservations.  Confused, we looked at each other and then said "no..." to which she replied that she could seeat us at a bench but she had to have the seats back at 7:30 for another table.  So I asked "i thought you didn't take reservations...isn't that still true?"  She responds with "It's restaurant week." and walks away. Uhm I am confused.  Can anyone shed light onto this for me?  When she came back, we asked if we could slide down one seat each so we weren't sitting elbow-to-elbow with the couple next to us.  She said that was fine, but then we had to be out by 7 because those two specific seats were reserved for 7:00, whereas the ones she'd given us were free til 7:30.  Again, I am entirely confused as to what really went on in this exchange, because her explanations made no sense to me.However, the waitress came over and was pleasant and adorable and told us to take our time and enjoy our dinner and conversation, as there was no rush to get us out.  Thank you, adorable, curly-haired blond waitress.  you are delightful.We got a nice red wine and, with the help of the waitress, tried a few new items and a few old go-tos.Here's a quick run-down:Uni sandwich - The bread was grilled such that it was crunchy on the outside and soft inside, which was great, but the uni itself tasted salty and one-note.  Didn't have a lot of depth in flavor, and the highlight really was the breadtuna tartare -  The tuna itself, though not bright red (a little pinker, making me think that it was fattier and less lean than I am used to at sushi places, but that's just a guess), was tasty, but it came in a dish covered in this lime-y foam which was off-putting just because there was so much of it and it drowned out the taste of the tuna and made every bite taste like, well, lime foam.Cod fritters - Always pretty decent, these fell short tonight.  Again, perhaps because of RW, but the onion rings weren't as crunchy as normal, and the fritters were a bit dry.  The puree they're served with was spot-on, as always.grilled corn - Again, perfect.  There's a reason this is the signature dishcured ham (the acorn-fed pig that looked a bit like prosciutto) - Came sliced thin and laid out on a wooden board...had a bit more fat around each slice than prosciutto, and the waitress told us that pigs really like eating acorns and it makes their meat taste nuttier.  Hm.  Little fun-fact.pork belly - I am not very familiar with the traditional texture of pork belly, but this one was rubbery and REALLY hard to cut through.  It looks like it'd be spongy to cut but in reality, it was really rubbery and tough with the butter knife...not just to get through the golden crust, but the whole way through.  But again, i'm not the pork belly expertgarlic shrimp - Very tasty, shrimp popped in your mouth due to perfect doneness, and we sopped up every last bit of sauce with bread.  churros - tasty and light, these are served with an orange chocolate sauce and they create the perfect end to a meal.I would say the experience tonight was 3 stars, the food quality may have suffered because of RW, but the restaurant itself to me is still a solid 4.  I'd go back, yes, but perhaps avoid RW next time.Sybil.There's not much I can say about Toro that hasn't already been said.  Except the place apparently makes me go to one of my other personalities.  The personality that eats things I would NEVER otherwise consider putting anywhere near my mouth.I'm not a carnivore, nor am I a vegetarian.  I eat chicken.  I eat turkey.  I do not eat deli meat.  I do not eat pork or beef.  I eat fish, but usually only white fish. I do not eat shellfish.  I do not eat mushrooms.  You see, I'm allllllll about the texture.  Those things I don't eat - they skeeve me to no avail.  I guess I'm a selectarian. So, I was slightly nervous as to what the heck I was going to eat given the somewhat unique menu, but I was bound and determined to try this place out.  Being the person I am, it killed me to wait so damn long to even GET to Toro.  We arrived early, but it was gorgeous out, so we had a 1.5 hour wait.  No problem, we went down to Parrish and grabbed a drink.  We come back, we still had another half hour or so.  We attempted to go across the street to Seiyo for another drink, but they too were packed. So we parked ass on a stoop and waited a bit.  Then we couldn't take it anymore, and went inside and crammed ourselves into a tiny spot at the bar for more drinks till our table was ready.  We were seated at the big community table in the middle of the dining room.  Here's a rundown of what we ordered:multiple Cold River Rickey's - YUMSouthenders - yum, but not as much as the Rickey.Cava - didn't order it, but enjoyed some of our neighbors'Aceitunas - the olives were a bit too soft, and teeny tinyQueso Mahon - little cubes of cheese with a little kick at the endPimientos del Padron - listed as 'hot green peppers with sea salt', I was extremely excited for these, but they were my least favorite.  Zero kick to them, if not slightly boringEscalivada Catalana - amazing eggplant concoction, when slopped on the neverending slices of fresh bread, was to die forMaz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija - of course we ordered the corn on the cob!  And it delivers.  It's not the house special for nothin'.Costilla de Buey - this is where Sybil came out. Remember when said I didn't eat meat? This rioja braised short rib dish had incredible flavor. Incredible!  I wanted the Pan con Tomate, but given the other stuff we got, it didn't make the cut.  I also heard the Coliflor a la Plancha was good, but we had already unbuttoned our jeans and practically rolled out of there. Next time.What we didn't order that we tried were our neighbors' Mejillones con Sidra.  I DON'T EAT SHELLFISH!  But I tried the mussels.  Wow.  They were pretty damn tasty.  And the hubbs said they may have been his favorite dish of the night.  HE doesn't eat them either.  If that tells you anything.Between my adventure of trying both the beef and the mussels, the hubbs said he was getting all hot for me.  Take a cold shower buddy!  We were having too much fun.  I mentioned our neighbors a couple times.  The big community table is fantastic for meeting fun new people.  And sharing dishes.  And apparently perrons of cava.  We passed meals and the perron back and forth all night long.  Gotta love a place where you're sharing travel stories with and getting drunk with and finding 'small world' things to discover with your tablemates.Good times.Our friend MA Carlson had heard about this place for forever, so when we were together...got there just before they started serving food, there were some folks at the bar and a couple of tables had folks, but the place was empty. Sat at the bar and took in the drink offerings, quite a list. After ordering beverages, menus appeared. Being at the bar gave us a view in the kitchen. Every dish we had was perfect, and the food crew runs like a machine. Excellent flavors, wonderfully blended. EnjoyI've been meaning to hit up this spot for a long time, and since I live a mere two blocks away, I'm pretty ashamed it's taken me almost three years. I have heard and read wonderful things about Toro. Walking home from school, I consistly see a line outside to get a table. Eating here last night, I'm happy to say it met my expectations. My friend and I had a seet at the bar and started off a pitcher of the red sangria while waiting for our third to show up. After he came, it was maybe 5 minutes before we had a table outside. The bread came out without any butter, oil, hummus, etc., but I quickly figured out that was because the bread was delicious enough to stand on its own. Soft and chewy on the inside with the tiniest bit of crunch on the outside. Good to start with and great to dip into the many sauces that accompany your tapas.We only ordered hot tapas. We had the garlic shrimp, chicken and potato empanadas, mussels, rioja braised short rib, chickpeas with chorizo, and grilled corn. Everything was amazing, but my favorites were the grilled corn, shor ribs, and empanadas.They only offer one thing for dessert: chocolate con churros. I was all over it. Cinnamon sugar dusted churros with chocolate dipping sauce. While it wasn't close to what I had experienced in Spain, it was a nice conclusion to a solid meal.Fabulous tapas and drinks, excessively priced.    I have been to this trendy little tapas restaurant several times; I'm always thrilled when someone else is paying, though I would splurge on it a few times a year anyway.  There are limited options for vegetarians, though all of the veggie tapas I had were amazing.  They have drink specials that are equally delightful.  There is typically a long wait on weekend evenings, making weekdays, lunches, and Sunday brunch the way to go.What can I say that 645 previous reviewers haven't, except that I think the food is a-mazing. If I had one little critique it would be that I think the sandwiches need a little more butter, grease something..The famous Uni press sandwich was a little dry. So was my other sandwich. I'm already not dieting here so fuck it... make it more decadent!  Maybe I will ask for this next time. Other than that, food was great. The bar is stocked with many hard-to-find bottles.... even Amaros. I was impressed. I love the way employees do their food prep out in front of everyone. You can see the quality. It's magical. What a great place.Amazing. Easily one of the best restaurants I've been to in Boston. Almost everything we had was beyond expectations. The stuffed dates wrapped in seared ham, the spiced bone marrow, the vermont goat cheese, the scallops, the razor clams, THE CORN YOU HAVE TO GET THE CORN. I only wish they took reservations, because I can imagine the wait being unbearable on a summer weekend. So... go on a Tuesday in March or something.This place has an energetic vibe for such a little place and has tables long enough to share with multiple parties which encourages people to socialize more during dinner than some other places. The set up is therefore perfect for tapas, in my opinion. The food has enough variety to appeal to both adventurous eaters (bone marrow, anyone?) and people who would end up losing in Fear Factor (hamburguesas, anyone?). The way Toro really brings together the adventurous eaters and the scaredy-cats is w/ their sangria, which is fantastic. So make sure you order a few pitchers, you won't regret it.A little disappointed. Yelp, as well as all my friends claim this is their "favorite" restaurant. I begged my boyfriend to take me here. wednesday night 6pm, the restaurant was already full. We got lucky and were seated right away. I heard the wait can go up to 3 hours on weekends! Thank goodness i didn't have to wait, cause then i would have even more to complain about. We were seated right next to a party of six, legit shared a table with them. Our server was nice. He recommended his favorite dishes, some were good and others were terrible. We ordered ten tapas.... and my favorite one was the fried potatoes, similar to those sold at taco bell. (sad, sad, sad)Service was very efficient. They had more bus-girls than customers! One bus-girl took my plate of bread away before I was even done. They definitely try to rush you out of here, so they can turn the tables over faster. Food comes out pretty quickly. I know it's tapas, but the portions are even smaller than small. The prices aren't really worth it either. We paid 4 dollars for two tiny pieces of toasted bread smothered in garlic and tomatoes.... i coulda made this better. --The fois gras was really good.--The mussel dish, literally came with two tiny pieces of baguette and four oysters for 12 dollars. WOWWW is all i can say. --The corn was glazed in layers and layers of cheese and butter. My entire gym workout went down the drain with one bite of that corn. --We also ordered the oysters, which were prepared for us with a vinegar sauce and champagne. I did not like it at all. However, the fried potatoes and the potato omelette were both really good. Our bill ended up being 110 dollars after tip. I was still hungry after our meal, but didn't want to order more off the menu and be even more disappointed. I just don't get the hype. It really isn't that good, and definitely not worth waiting 2 hours for. I probably won't return...ever, but it was a good experience.I'm giving this one a 4 star souly based on the Cheeseburger.  I read on Boston Burger Blog about the absolute deliciousness of the burger there and they didn't disappoint.  Service was only okay;  not very friendly.  But who cares, this burger was fantastic.  Messy, yummy, great meat to topping/bread ratio... just a great burger.LOVED this place back when I was a Bostonian.  Have been to a handful of tapas places in NYC and Chicago since then, but none quite compare to Toro.  Great atmosphere, good service, and just really exceptional food.  Loved their sangria, the patatas bravas, and that amazing grilled corn.  I want to go back!Yummy. This was my first tapas experience and I am a fan. My friend and I each split about 5 plates.. which was more than enough! Everything was well cooked and delicious but I definitely recommend the grilled corn with melted aged cheese. Phew... talk about an orgasm in your mouth piece. I will be coming back very soon.This is the best tapas bar Boston, period. Very inventive, many vegetable choices. It is noisy (duh) and they don't take reservations (I hate that) but if you've got the time to wait for a table, or better yet, seats at the bar, you won't be disappointed. Oddly enough, though, they stop serving food on the early side, so be prepared.TORO is probably one of my favorite restaurant in Boston. You have to try their paella, corn, razor clam, uni sandwich and many, many more. Everything is really awesome there, the only downfall is... if you go late, the wait might be 1+ hour. Get there before the dinner rush.Went for lunch today... it's a fun atmosphere with creative Spanish tapas and decor.It was a great Sunday brunch with the ladies. Our waitress was attentive, it wasn't too crowded or loud. It's a small intimate place and that get a little crowded but we thought it was all part of the charm. The bravas are awesome, the bone-marrow out of this world and the oysters are definitely something I would come back for.Recently, I was just in Boston visiting my dear friend.  We were looking for some restaurants to try.  We had previously eaten at Ken Oringer's Clio.  So, we thought Toro would be worth trying.  We took a look at the  menu, and we decided it was just the type of place we might enjoy.We met up with another friend of mine on a recent Saturday night.  The place was packed to the gills.  Both the dining room and the bar were crowded.  It was hard for us to wait in the restaurant.  Instead, we walked around the neighborhood a bit, and we just checked back with Toro periodically.Once we began our dinner, we found that there were definitely some highlights.  There were also definitely some things that we didn't like as much, which is to be expected, I suppose.  I'm giving the place four stars, because I liked the highlights so much, but the parts I didn't like almost make me want to give Toro three stars.I think that the great stuff included the following dishes: Uni Bocadillo; Maz Asado con Aioli  y Queso Cotija (grilled corn with aioli and Cotija cheese); Asado de Huesos (roasted bone marrow with oxtail marmalade); Vientre de Cerdo (crispy pork belly with pumpkin, escargots, liberty apples, and smoked maple crumble); Pato con Membrillo (smoked duck drumettes with quince glaze); Foie Gras con Chutney de Pera.The Uni Bocadillo was everything that an uni lover would want.  That unctuous, sweet, savory uni flavor on bread?  It was lovely.  The corn was so good that we ordered a second portion of it.  The caramelization from the grilling really helped bring out the sweet flavor of the corn.  I'm a sucker for some kind of an emulsifier with corn.  Butter really comes to mind on that, but this was almost like a creamed corn on the cob with the way the aioli and Cotija cheese worked to lubricate and enrich the corn.  We also ordered a second foie gras, because let's face it.  Foie and sweet go really well together.  The same went for the foie here and the chutney.  The small size of the portion was not quite enough for the three of us.  Two of the foie was perfect for us.  The pork belly was excellent as well.  The savory pork belly was balanced nicely by the sweetness of the pumpkin puree.  The marrow was also quite good.  I appreciate the addition of the oxtail.  That's a combination that I've seen work beautifully before.  True to my prior experience, it worked beautifully here.  For me, out of the better dishes, the duck was the weakest.  While it was good, it just wasn't as flavorful as I would have hoped.  At least, that's the way I remember it.  I expected either more smoke flavor or something more akin to a duck confit, but I didn't really get it.The weaker dishes were the following:  Morcilla and the Mollejas (crispy veal sweetbreads with blood orange and cinnamon).  I didn't like the Morcilla, because they just served several thin, cold slices.  I would have preferred a whole sausage grilled.  The sweetbreads were like General Tso's sweetbreads.  I really didn't get a sense of the sweetbreads themselves.  They were overpowered by the glaze, I think.  It was just sweet, tart mystery meat to me.  I think that sweetbreads can probably done with a nice sweet glaze with a bit of crispness to them without making them unrecognizable as sweetbreads, which was the case here.  The Hamburguesas de Kobe were fine little sliders, but nothing earth-shattering.  They were surprisingly dry, strangely enough.  The churros con chocolate weren't really anything to write home about.Overall, we enjoyed our Toro experience.  The good dishes were interesting and enjoyable enough both to bring me back and to entice me trying some other item on the menu.  A few clunkers (for me) didn't detract from the experience to a fatal degree.  When I'm back in Boston, I wouldn't mind going back, but I wouldn't be heartbroken if I couldn't make it back there.  There are some other places that I'd love to try instead.It's been a while since I've been here but it was certainly memorable. Every dish was delicious, and I loved the dark, intimate ambiance.  We came here with a large group and it's so small it felt like we took up the whole place.  Ok, as I re-read my review, I realize that it is somewhat vague but the bottom line is - if you're wondering whether you should eat here, yes.  Yes you should.So last night I met up with 5 friends at Toro. It was very crowded with a bit of a wait for a table, but I didn't mind that since I assumed it was because it was worth it. In short, that was exactly the case. Although crowded, cramped, and noisy, everything was quite tasty. Between us, we ordered 6 things. The corn, which I had heard great things about, was tasty but a little overly-buttered. Everything was very flavorful and tasted good, but I don't think anything we ordered would've been deemed healthy. Still, this was a fun place to check out and a great setting to see a few people who I hadn't seen in a while.Well, if you are in Boston, you NEED to go to Toro.  The place is small, but if you must wait, do it, because it is so worth it.  The menu offers something for everyone, meat lovers, vegetarians, seafood addicts like myself... no matter what you order it will be delicious.  My advice: be adventurous here. You cannot choose wrong, so get a couple things you know you'll like and try something exotic!  But seriously, upon eating the grilled corn at Toro, my life changed.  I would go back everyday just to order that one dish.  The hanger steak was delicious and cooked perfectly, and I loved the shrimp.  They have a great cocktail and wine list as well! Our server was awesome and we enjoyed our meal completely.Just go. Now.Right now.  It's so good!First time visitor and loved it! Great tapas! Our waitress, Erin, was very good and timely, she had suggested to try their specialty, roasted bone marrow dish (Asado de Huesos). It was a great suggestion. An amazing culinary experience for the adventurous diner!Presentation is equally great, take a look at the attached picture!I love Toro.  This was the first restaurant I went to in Boston.  I am a tapas fanatic, so it's no surprise.We went for early dinner on a rainy summer Saturday and it was packed.  My one complaint is the big communal bar-level table in the middle of the space.  I'm just generally not a fan of communal dining, and I am less a fan of high tables (mostly because I'm short, so bar stools are super uncomfortable).  I really think they should take reservations given the size of the venue.  But I've definitely been back.  I'd suggest calling ahead to see how packed it is before you go, because it fills up quick.I have sampled probably half of the menu at this point.  What do I LOVE?  The dates--a classic pincho that I order every time I see it on the menu (even though it costs only a couple bucks to make a platter of them at home), the duck drumsticks, the short rib, the empanadas, and the corn, ending the night with some churros.  What's my favorite?  The corn by far.  So delicious.  I really wish that they would give you corn picks with the dish, because I always end up having to strip the cob with a fork and knife to avoid getting my hands and face messy.  What's disappointing?  The patatas bravas.  This is another dish which should be on every proper menu, so if you like tapas, you've had a ton of incarnations.  Toro's is the blandest version I've had by far--I always order extra tomato sauce with it, and really wish I could just dust the whole bit with cayenne or chili powder. The churros are perfect as far as I'm concerned: crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside, and the chocolate sauce isn't too sweet.  And of course, I always share a pitcher of red sangria.If I were you, I'd come here for the corn alone (or run over to La Verdad if you're in Fenway, it's on the menu there, too).  But definitely make an appearance at some point, I'm sure you'll agree that it's worth it.We use to live right down the street from Toro's in the South End. Loved this restaurant especially in the summer months when you can sit outside.This place has deeeelicious tapas. came here on a sunday afternoon for "brunch" but mostly to escape from the pouring rain. The sangria was great and the tapas were well presented and tasted fresh. The raw tuna in a citrus marinade with creamed avocado was my favorite. also loved the roasted peppers with a touch of salt. pretty attentive service. would love to return to try the dinner options!Andy was exceptional and I enjoyed. My uni bocadillo immensely.  The cauliflower was good too.   Good music good foodIt's been too long, but I remember everything I had being good, but being somewhat expensive. Still, I don't remember anything being particularly bad, and if there were any things, it was not because the food was made badly. Excellent food.i can feel the hate coming for my a-okay rating on this place but i can't help it. my mother raves about this place. loves this place. talks about it all the time. shuns all the other tapas bars in the greater boston area because of this place. now, i'm not about to boast about why you should listen to my opinion on spanish tapas because i have no real credentials here - i've never lived in spain, i'm no classically trained chef. but i'm guessing most of you out there do share one thing with me - i do enjoy bouncing around tapas bars, and . and i know what i like. and overall? this place was okay. to start. the hostess. man. she must be paid an hourly wage or set salary or something, but whatever it is, she does not make a living off of tips, because i have never seen someone move in slow motion and act so unkindly towards customers before. complete disregard for the fact that you've been waiting 1.5 hours. no warm smile, nothing. the menu. maybe i'm really boring. but there are only a handful of items that i enjoyed here. -the corn. warm, buttery, cheesy. my body weeps as i awkwardly bite into the cob. why? because that bite had to have 500 calories in it. but it was good. -the cheese platter. good cheese, nothing too crazy. although the pairings were a little on the conservative side - all were paired with something sweet. c'mon guys, you can do better than that!-churros. good churros are hard to come by, but these were delicious. i wish the chocolate dipping sauce was a little more creamy, but it is still good nonetheless. not to say that everything else wasn't good (because it was), i just didn't love love love everything else. and for three items on the menu that i did adore, i can't say i'd wait another hour and a half for a table. seating is incredibly limited here, so your best bet is to come at 5:00, right when they start serving food (the bar opens a little before then, so come then if you've got the time). but once you are seated, the service is quick, and rather attentive. the ambiance is nice and upbeat, and it makes for an interesting experience.A flawless restaurant with loads of personality and exceptional food.  They don't take reservations, so we had about an hour wait on a Friday night.  Turns out it was well worth the wait.  We ordered tons of tapas, my favorite being the grilled corn (to-die-for) and oysters.  Great for groups or a fun date.Ahhh (insert harps and angels singing)... I want to move to Boston just to live closer to Toro. Tapas is the best invention before or after sliced bread, in my opinion; I mean, who wouldn't want to try half the menu?? That I did and everything I had was better than the next. Kudos on the pimietos del padron- a definite favorite that I will butcher at home on a regular basis. Also loved the Tripe and pork stew, Sweetbreads, Marcona almond stuffed dates, tuna tartare, Foie! I dont even want to try other Boston restaurants when I go back- Toro is where you'll find me!Amazing.It's almost silly to review such an institution, but I've just got to show the love. If you don't get the corn, you just may have missed out on one of the most delicious culinary experiences of your life. It's pretty much fat on fat, but whatever. Definitely recommend asking for a knife so you can cut it off the cob -- it is extremely messy. Also strongly recommend the pan con tomate -- so simple, so delicious. There's also a salad i love...i forget what it's called. It involves avocados, olives, and red onions. Yeah, its just a salad but it is a DAMN good salad. What i really love here is the BRUNCH. Oh godddd the brunch!! Amazing bloodies, and the huevos rancheros are to die for. They also have a grilled avocado, which sounds boring but i assure you, dear reader, it is genius. Go asap. And get there early, otherwise you may be without hope.Had am enjoying dinner at Toro tonight. First, you need to know it gets packed early. It is small, but add that to a no reservations policy and you'll wait for a table. Most seats are at communal tables, actually, but I opted to eat at the bar. Drinks were great. My vodka and pineapple was strong, but not too strong. Toro is tapas so you'll order quite a few  things. I was determine to try some foods I'd never had before because my philosophy is that if you are going to try something new, you should go for it at a great restaurant. So I had foie gras, sweetbreads, buffalo heart and pork belly meals. Each was more amazing than the next. The only thing I ordered that I didn't like were the razor clams. The restaurant was kind enough to take them off of my bill even though nothing was wrong with them (it was just my personal taste)The sweetbreads were served kung pow style, which I thought was actually more general tsao style. Either way, it was amazing. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys tapas, great drinks, and trying new things. That said there are plenty of vegetarian options and non-interesting options for those who are less adventurous. The restaurant is located on a main street in a re-gentrified section of South Boston. Not sure about public transportation, but finding a cab wasn't difficult. Enjoy, but prepared to wait and be a bit cramped.Great food, great service.   Price more than reasonable for the quality. Downsides --- incredibly packed and hot on a Friday. Diners lingered at their tables for hours while we waited at the bar. We waited 2.5 hours for a table, and actually had to order some tapas at the bar for the men who were simply starving.  Needless to say when you plan a night out for people it's a little embarassing when people are faint from hunger.I wish this place took reservations, even for a few tables a night/hour. PLEASE TORO!!I came here with a party of 6 and we waited, but it would have been so perfect if we could have made a reservation. Bottom line: great tapas....come here on a weeknight with one or two people (or a date). It was wayyyyy too hot there on a Friday night in December. We had to go outside to cool off. Too loud also. Lack of reservations, lingering diners, hot room and loud room are what makes this place not get 5 stars. Coming here on a work night with a couple girlfriends this winter, I bet this will work much better.long wait?  yes, very... our 1 - 1.5 hour wait turned into 2.  so worries, sat at the bar and was tended to be very quick and kind bar tenders.  1 smallish bar, 3 bartenders, that is the way to do it!  we never had to wait for a drink as busy as it was...the food?  amazing.  the corn?  better than crack.  from the minute you sit down and order the food comes right out of the kitchen onto your table... we were ordering from 3 different people and even more kept bringing the food and pouring the water.  it was all overseen by one waitress that had her finger on the pulse the whole time.we even got a free desert for the extra long wait.  they know whats up at this place.  loud, fun, good.i know there are already a billion great reviews for this place, and i know that me adding one more will make as much of a difference as dropping a drop of water into the ocean, but it's almost impossible to eat at Toro and not rush home to write a rave review. as a HUGE fan of spanish tapas restaurants (i've pretty much been to every existing tapas restaurant in San Francisco), i've had some pretty incredible tapas in my lifetime. it's for this reason that what i'm about to say is such a huge deal: THIS IS THE BEST SPANISH TAPAS RESTAURANT I'VE EVER BEEN TO. Everything we ordered was delicious, but the two dishes that definitely stood out as kings among men were: (1) the grilled corn and (2) the paella. Best corn i've ever had and best paella i've ever had. Up until now, I thought there was no possible way that corn on the cob can be as perfectly-made as the ones from Cafe Habana in New York City. I was wrong. The corn at Toro in Boston is hands-down the best corn I've ever tasted. Sure, I might have a heart attack after eating it, but if heart attacks could ever be possibly worth it, this would be worth it.Service was excellent too. Except for the bitchy hostess. But the food is well-worth the 5 stars that it's getting from me.The atmosphere was great, the cocktails were fantastic, and the food was very, very, good.  The only thing keeping it from five stars is that frankly, everything was a tad too oily/greasy for my palate.I had both the carmelized caiperina and the pimm's cocktail.  Preferred the Pimm's, as the carmelization yielded a little too much sweetness on the former.In terms of food, the octopus ceviche is paper thin, and fantastic.  The grilled corn is a (much loved) heart attack on the cob.  The fried peppers with salt are great, and the eggplant was super tasty. Overall, the dining experience is truly enjoyable, if not a bit tight-packed, and quite casual.  That being said, there's really no downside to the joint, aside from the lack of reservations.Toro is in the upper echelon of Tapas restaurants I've seen in my day. More specifically I'd say Toro is a great "entry-level" step in into the world of Tapas. The menu is diverse and pretty big and Toro is ideal for group dining. The night I was there our group of 12 were lucky to have two kids on a blind date seated next to us, by the end of the night the group of 12 turned into 14. Good times and great food.I was veering between a 4 and a 3.5 but bumped it up to 4 because the food was pretty good.  Pretty on par with other tapas places I've been to based on taste and execution.  The baked fish in salty bread crust, beef tongue, and grilled shisito peppers were highlights.  This was my first tapas experience in Boston so I suppose it is normal to have people wait inside for a couple hours before they are seated due to it being too cold outside to wait?  All I know is that it was not a really enjoyable dining experience to have people knocking their elbows into my back the entire meal. So the food is great if you're willing to wait 1-2 hours, but hope that you get seated with your back to the wall, unless you don't mind being squished and poked in the back all night by buzzed elbows.My favorite restaurant in Boston. As someone who is lactose intolerant, it's a little grueling to watch people eat the famous corn. But luckily, Toro offers plenty of dairy-free amazing tapas to distract me. My personal favorites: the bone marrow, the empanadas, the tortilla salad, and the pork belly. They also have a really great cocktail selection (Verdad & Amor--hibiscus-infused tequila--the best one). There's always a line unless you come right when they're initially seating people, at 12 AM, or (surprisingly) for brunch. If you're not the kind of person who can wait 2+ hours for a table for dinner, I would definitely check out the brunch on Sunday. There's never a line and they offer a lot of the same items as they do for dinner. Most of the staff is pretty friendly. I've been here at least a dozen times and have never had a bad experience.This is one of the best restaurants in Boston. The food is absolutely stupendous.  Everything that I have had here is so delicious and leaves you craving for more and wanting to try every tapas dish on the menu.  The gambas and the kobe burgers are my favorite.  The shrimp is cooked perfectly and the sauce is so tasty with a little hint of spiciness which I love.  The kobe beef in the burgers is so flavorful and tender with the greens, sweet onions and alioli complementing each other. I just melt when I eat them.  The paella Valenciana is unique and loaded with flavor, meat and seafood. I enjoy every bite of the food here.  This place is an absolute must! I love Toro and you will too!!!Although the restaurant is a bit too loud for my taste, the corn is heaven.  It's grilled to perfection and perfect for the pearly whites to bite into.  A must have at Toro.We started as 2 people sitting at the bar, than became 3, then 4 and finally a table opened and we were moved there. As for the atmosphere, loved it, as for the food, yes, the corn was fantastic, but the rest was mediocre (comparing it to the other tapas places in Boston like Dali etc). But I would definitely come back, just because it is a likable place... :)Every time I head home we all make a point to head to Toro.  I love everything. The corn, the braised beef, the seafood. Keep it coming. Arrive early. Sometimes we try to get there right when it opens to have a drink and then get seated right when the food starts.  In the winter, try to sit away from the tall tables near the door as they can get breezy, but nothing will take away a star from this place. Parking is hard but worth the struggle.  Go through whatever hoops you need to and get here and splurge.  Get more food than you think you need because it will all be excellent.yes, toro does worth 5 stars!my wife and i were there last night (sunday) and arrived by 5:45pm-ish. after we sat down, we started to see the line of people forming! even a sunday night, this place is packed!! we had the paella valenciana, garlic shrimp and the corns. , the paella valenciana is a bit expensive ($38), wait time for this is 30 mins, but i think it's worth the wait and does taste excellent! the seafood and the sauces flavor blend in very well. the sausage and seafood amount is just right. the garlic shrimps is $12 for 5 pieces. the shrimp is a bit overcooked, but the sauces save the dishes : )overall, the service and the food was great. do come early to avoid the long long wait.my favorite. YUM.I absolutely loved this place. Friendly and knowledgeable staff who are willing to offer honest commentary on the food. Each dish was absolutely mouthwatering. The salted cob was fantastic, as was the seafood salad. We had the dates dish which might have been my  favorite. We tried the infamous corn, but I am definitely not a mayo fan, and this corn was doused in mayo- not my fav to say the least. As for the ambiance, it's trendy but casual and classy all at once. I was also surprised by how inexpensive it was- I went three other people, and we ordered a TON of food and ended up paying around $20-$25 each, including wine (which was a fantastic red, wish I remembered what kind). I'm going back to Boston in January, and I'm definitely considering going back to Toro for seconds!Toro is a popular tapas restaurant with rustic style and wooden decor.  We went in a little early to avoid the crowd.  This place can get busy really fast.  The Kobe mini burgers were juicy and flavorful, but they didn't stand out from other Kobe burgers out there.  I wasn't too excited about the burger buns.  The Pato con Membrillo (duck drummettes) were moist and tender.  Love the glaze on it.  I found the Mollejas to be very unique both in terms of style and flavor.  The cinnamon stick served as the skewer while injecting flavor into the sweet bread.  I highly recommend the Mollejas.I love this place, but the line is too long! We came on a Monday evening at 9pm and still waited 25 minutes for a seat for 3 of us! Cocktails are amazing, and the tapas are divine. Their corn on the cob is fantastic-- I can eat two orders by myself, and I'm not ashamed to do it. Had their foie gras, razor clams, cauliflower, tortillas, some cheese, pork belly, and many others. It was all amazing. I'd come back if I didn't have to wait so long.I live and work around the corner from Toro and have been here innumerable times. It is "trendy" but for a reason --- nice atmosphere and good food.  Their seafood paella is really excellent, and well worth the extra cooking time. They are generous with the seafood, and the rice at the bottom gets deliciously burnt and crispy. Another one of my favorites is the salt-crusted bass. It comes on a salt-soaked baguette keeping the fish meat tender, moist, and flavorful. The corn is unique and tasty but not a great choice on a romantic or work date as it can be pretty messy to eat. I also really like the cauliflower with pine nuts, and the garlic shrimp. The waitstaff is pretty nice and not snobby. The wait can be long even on weeknights and they don't take reservations, but eating at the bar is also a great option.I love Toro, the food is great..try as many things as you can and order slowly so you dont get full! Get ready to wait no less than 40 minutes if you get there past 7 unless you can score a spot at the bar. Also a great place for a fun date.mmmmm the corn. seriously, get the corn.Amazing service, food, ambiance. All around 5 stars. Can't be beat. Best tapas in the city.Only been here once, but I'll definately be back again. The sangria is pretty good, and the grilled corn is a definate must if you are going to try this place out. Actually, it was the ONLY reason I went, after I found out they served it here. The only other place that I get the yummy grilled corn with cheese on it is in New York @ Cafe Habana, where it's served with chili powder and lime juice. The tapa dishes are good, but the grilled corn was what we wanted more of.by far my favorite restaurant in the city...could have easily been transplanted from a hip neighborhood in barcelona or even chueca in madrid, which is much more than can be said for the other tapas eateries in the area.traditional favorites include bullfight posters papering the bathroom walls, calimocho and tinto de verano while waiting (sometimes for a bit) for a table, whereupon the menu offers pinchos, tapas, and even larger dishes. a vast selection of meats, cheeses, breads, vegetables and seafood allowing each patron to steer his/her own spanish course. i've been many many times and never disappointed, but, whatever you do, order the specialty of the house, corn on the cob magically rubbed in spices and cheeses and outrageously delectable. the sasafrass mojito is also worth a try, for sure.I guess it's a little pricey. I liked the food and the staff. We were there for the prix fixed Valentine's dinner. I thought it was pretty cool, maybe not enough variation between the variety of dishes provided during the prix fix. Nice atmosphere. But I just felt like it was too expensive for what we got. The same money spent at the Franklin goes much further.I've only been here once and it was for breakfast. We stopped in because the place next door had a huge line. It turned out to be a good decision.  The food was pretty tasty and relatively reasonably priced. I had a tasty egg dish and she had french toast. The food was very tasty and reasonably priced. Most importantly, the service was very prompt at refilling my coffee. In terms of the atmosphere, it definitely seems like a place I wouldn't mind coming for drinks and appetizers.toro is delicious. for proof see my previous review.i would not go for brunch though. it has some of the tapas from dinner, but the brunch menu wasn't that good. the blood orange mimosa had a lot of alcohol in it and lost its delicious taste. the huevos rancheros were served in a skillet and was unmemorable. i remember the tortillas being really good though. i think my fav huevos rancheros would be otherside cafe. if i were to go again for brunch, i would just order off the dinner menu.Had a lovely Saturday night dinner here. It was a beautiful summer night so we were lucky to get a table outside. For three meat eaters and one vegetarian (me), we got hummus--very good; maiz asado--it's true what everyone else says, it's AMAZING; tortilla de zucca--good, texture not stellar, but not bad; roasted cauliflower--really good; chickpeas with chorizo and swiss chard--good; the following meat/fish dishes were all good according to my dining companions: braised short rib, tuna tartare, grass fed beef heart, shrimp, anchovies. The churros con chocolate were disappointing I must say. But a cheese plate, complete with candied walnuts, guava paste, and fruit, was fantastic. The service was very pleasant and attentive. That corn though, I'm gonna remember that for a while.After months of wishing, waiting, trying to find a friend who wanted to go with me, I finally made it to Toro with a friend from work. We shared a pitcher of very tasty sangria while we chowed down on stuffed dates, tuna tartare, and seasoned olives to start.  I mowed them all happily and I don't even like olives! Then came duck legs, chick peas, and spiced potatoes. I feel a little bad for my friend because I think he got his hands on about 3 pieces of potato and the bowl of them was not small. Seriously, they made the meal for me. Everything was really wonderful, but these starchy little pieces of heaven with their unbelievable garlic aioli will undoubted suck me back into Toro very soon.So I went to Toro for brunch today. And yeah, I kind of get it. Nothing I had was to die for, but I honestly did not have a lot. In fact, I did not have anything cooked... I had the pork pate and Iowa acorn ham with lots of bread, followed by churros for dessert. So I need to go back and try some "real" food. I am only afraid that it will not be the super relaxed and lovely atmosphere if I return for dinner.must-have:-hanger steak-garlic shrimp-pan con tomatofor fillers:-patatas bravas-sangria that's slightly watered downavoid:-corn (too much alioli)-atun with black bean spread (wasn't working)don't order everything all at once, or your food will get cold because it comes fast.Amazing tapa place!  Their corn was super delicious!  Try to be there a bit before 6 pm.I mean the place has almost 500 reviews but they have the best tapas I have ever had in my life. I love the bullfighting decor in the bathroom.Lastly,the wine selection was really good.After a day of walking around in the city and exploring, my boyfriend decided to take me to dinner here after me mentioning that i felt like sangria!. I was a little skeptical at first (before we entered) because of the location, but as soon as we stepped in, it was as traditional and cute as can be! The kitchen wasnt open yet, so we were able to grab a couple drinks at the bar. Wait...let me rephrase that...we got a pitcher of sangria! Shortly after, the kitchen opened and they sat us at a little table. One concern was how small the tables were, especialy with getting tapas and having multiple plates. BUt it worked out fine, and it went well with the ambience. We started with the Kobe burgers which were FAB-freakin-tabulous! Two itsy bitsy kobe burgers that just melt in our mouth. We then ordered a half order of the paella. It was also really great! The seafood was fresh and delicious. We really took our time with the sangria and food, and actually were full after that. (A full order of the paella would be really big!) And plus, now we have another reason to go back again, so we can try out more dishes!Our server was Kelly. She was really chill and easy going, which we really enjoyed. Especially in that kinda of restaurant. The bussers though were a different story! I was thiiiis close to yelling at the chick and telling her we werent finished, we werent close to being finished, we didnt want the plates to be taken, and leave us alone!!! I know the place is really small and they want a fast turn-around, but still....give us a break!Anywho...i would highly recommend this place. It is different, unique and really quite good!We got here early on a Saturday night, right before 6pm. We were told it'd be a 45 min wait, but after just 10 min we were seated. The seats are very close together but it wasn't as loud and hard to talk as other restaurants I've been to. Our server was nice, but after taking our order we never really saw her again. She didn't deliver our food, clear our food, or take our orders for more food. I don't even think she was the one who brought or took our check. I certainly hope the girl doing all this got a good chunk of the tip!We loved the pan con tomate, beef short rib (soo tender), and the kobe beef burger. I would almost go back just for the burger - so juicy with a great little salsa on top. The duck was juicy and tender, but I think we just don't appreciate the taste of duck like others do. The churros were good, but not out of this world. The empanadas were good, but tasted pretty plain. I'd say our least fav was the pork belly. Only a little bite could even be eaten and the rest was uncuttable/unchewable fat. Maybe this is normal and I'm crazy? Overall, I don't think we'd make a special trip back, but if I was in the area I might stop in to get the burgers and try a few different dishes.Toro, how I love thee!! This has to be one of the best restaurants in Boston. Their only downfall - it's so small and congested and the wait can be ridiculous - no, not CAN be - ALWAYS is. Toro is a tapas place so be prepared to go with people willing to share and are not picky. If you don't get anything else, please do yourself a favor and order the corn! It is absolutely delicious and unlike any corn you'll have. Also, if you're with a big group of people I recommend the jug of wine that spouts out. It's a super fun way to drink wine! You won't regret going to Toro. Plus, they're actually decently priced!I really enjoyed Toro.  Great ambiance (I'm a big fan of this new trendy long table community seating style - it makes it more fun).  Yes, we got the corn and yes, we ordered another immediately after the first bite.  Funnily enough though, we didn't finish the second order.  Strike me down for saying this, but I think it was too buttery.  Seriously, I think they just mush it in room temperature butter.  The jamon was excellent as was the pork belly (go pork).I just had my first experience at Toro and I thought it was excellent. Maybe it's not exactly like the tapas I had when I was living in Spain, but it was delicious and that's what matters. The La Granada cocktails were great, though they're stealthy and can catch up with you pretty quickly. The tortilla was excellent and not too oily. They nailed the aioli. The garlic shrimp was good too, though it was my least favorite of everything we ordered. The patatas bravas are sooo delish! Perfect blend of garlic and tomato! But my favorite was the corn. Oh sweet maiz you are decadent. Try it. Immediately, if not sooner. It's loud and cramped, but it reminded me a bit of Europe, dark with a friendly vibe.Great drinks, great tapas, great service. Everything I wanted in the experience.Food is to die for - definitely the best tasting tapas place in Boston. We weren't going to wait for a table but the host worked his magic and we got the corner bar seats for 5. My only qualm was with the sangria - it was missing that special something.Recently wandered into Toro for dinner Solo while on travel. I'm always a little concerned about Solo Tapas outings because it's hard to get enough selection. The place was pretty busy on a Thursday night but I managed to find a seat at the bar. I immediately noticed that the wine selection was well thought. I was able to order wine from a few different regions of Spain with confidence that it would be good. The tapas was just excelent! For the last six months I've been addicted to Padron peppers. I immediately found them on the menu along with some dates with Cabrales blue cheese stuffed in them. From that moment forward, there was no disappointing bite! I ended up having 6 or 7 small dishes. The service was good and helpful in recommendations. I plan to go back there next time I'm in town.Really nice vibe and really tasty tapas. The sangria was also well made. If you come in without reservations (I'm not sure if they take them or not), the wait can be quite long. My husband and I waited for about an hour and a half to get the outdoor seating area, which ended up being fine for us since the food made up for having to sit around that long. Later in the night it gets especially crowded, so be aware of that.Went for Restaurant Week w/ my husband and another couple - by far, one of the best decisions ever. We got 4 small plates, 10 tapas and a dessert to share - every single thing we had was insanely delicious (even the smoked buffalo heart was pretty good, though I had to be coerced into trying it). Highly recommend any of the seafood options - sea bass cerviche and yellowtail tartar, so fresh and soooo good. (Would have happily just had a large bowl of either); razor clams were also pretty awesome. Also, grilled corn w/ lime and (can't remember the name) cheese - DO IT. Also dates stuffed w/ blue cheese, wrapped in some kind of ham - DO THOSE TOO.The food here is great!! The prices are very reasonable too. The seating here really sucks, and it's terrible that they don't take reservations. The two hour wait is really not reasonable. When they could just get an open table account.....I walk by often and usually think, "I wish I was friends with everyone who went there." That's a lie, but this is true: I love the brunch menu and the regular menu is really tasty as well. It's usually pretty packed, but it's worth the wait.I really enjoyed this restaurant!It was the first time I had ever been to a tapas restaurant and I enjoyed the style. the way it works is that there are lots of very small dishes with all sorts of stuff like steak and veggies and fish etc. They're very small so your going to want to order several for each person. I highly recommend sharing , so that you can get to try as many dishes as possible. First off I really liked the atmosphere. It is very small and everyone is close together, which is nice because you can get a look at other dishes you might want to order. it is dim and candle lit with exposed brick walls, which really makes it feel authentic. It certainly gets very busy, and they don't take reservations, so I recommend getting there early. I got there at 4:30. They don't start seating until 5:00, but you can get drinks at the bar while you wait. Although I got a seat right away, it was entirely full by 5:20 with a line out the door. I've heard that there can be lines up to two hours, so be prepared and come early.They have a fairly large menu, with lots of options with meats like steak and fish, or more bazaar things like tripe, buffalo tongue, and buffalo heart. There  are two sections of tapas Tapas Frias (cold), and tapas caliente (hot). They also have appetizers, and more standard entrees. One of my favorite dishes was the shrimp tapa. It was shrimp in a delicious, salty sauce. All the dishes are exquisite, with beautiful plating and amazing flavors. I also had the kabayaki glazed short ribs. the beef was SOO tender, and the gaze gave it a nice tangy, sweet taste. You're definitely going to want to be a little adventurous, and since the plates are so small, it's no big deal if you don't like something. There are plenty of strange dishes to fuel these adventures, including bone marrow.Price wise, its not cheap, but not overly pricey. between the two of us, ordering 5 tapas, and drinks, we spent about $90. Individual tapas range from $8 to around 15$.Overall I enjoyed this restaurant very much.This place is always PACKED.  Packed like crazy and a crazy wait.  I've eaten here a few times, and always at the bar because getting a table takes too much diligence.  The drinks are good.  The tapas are good.  The waiters are very helpful and willing to work with vegetarians/vegans.  I get why this place is packed.Flipping fantantic.  As everyone said get the corn, out of this world. The short ribs were melt in your mouth. It's worth the money and the wait.Came here on a Tuesday night at 5:45pm because of the high reviews and our love of tapas.  The restaurant is easy to get to from the south suburbs where our hotel was.  We were able to park at a meter spot right in front of the restaurant. The meter ends at 6pm so we only paid 25 cents to park.  However, I did notice a sign that there was no parking on Fri, Sat and Sun so the restaurant could have valet parking.  One of the draws for us was the no reservation policy, since it was a spur of the moment decision to eat in town.  We were seated promptly and service was good. However, when we left the line was fairly long.  We had shared 6 tapas dishes - cost $70 without drinks.  The food was good (above average) but nowhere near what the ratings suggested.  This may be the best Spanish tapas in Boston, but does not compare to other cities (for example, Emilios in Chicago). The dishes were heavy and lack complex flavors, with the exception of the patty pan squash plate which was wonderful.  The empanadas were unusual but not in a good way.  Our other dishes were good, just not extraordinary, which we would expect for a 4.5 star restaurant.  The only complaint about the service was their apparent decision to make the same dish for multiple people at the same time.  Your dishes come out at different times (which is not a bad thing), but apparently one of the items we ordered was not popular because we had to wait 30min from our last dish after eating the other 4.  Not good.  I am not sure we would come back.Deeeeelllicious. I love the ambience too!Excellent!  grilled corn was great.  It is expensive.  They do not take reservations.I love love love TORO!!!! Food is excellent. The best tapas I've ever had. Oh well, i've only had tapas twice, frankly speaking. The other time was when my friends in NYC took me to wat them claim the best tapa in new york. I have to say TORO is much much much better! Go, Boston! :-)  I loved the corn, duck leg and foie gras. They r soooo good. And for a small gal like me, they r enough! I actually packed half of my corn back. haha foie gras is fabulous! but also VERY SMALL!!! .................. Oh, i am dying to go back. I also had a hazlnut flip or something. The drink was not impressive.I went here for my 20th birthday.  The food was excellent, however probably not traditional spanish cuisine as one might expect.  The crowd and atmopshere is really cool at night.  Huge bar.  Decent prices.  I came here with a large group and we all ordered whatever we wanted, the bill came to around $30/person.Toro is one of the few places around where I feel like I can get both an excellent dinner and an excellent brunch. The dinner is really exceptional, though -- I would say definitely the best tapas in the Boston area (also the most expensive). The brunch is quite good as well, and offers distinct items from the usual fare one finds at a South End brunch spot.You CANNOT get any better Tapas on the East Coast. Hands down one of my favorite places to be!Love this place, but the wait is long and the bar is crowded. Try visiting off peak hours (like during restaurant week or a Tuesday). Fantastic food. Great drinks. Makes you feel like a hipster--what's not to like?One of the restaurants I'll miss most in Boston. Always #1 on my restaurant week to-do list. Loved the mole empanadas they had on the menu for a while. Touch pricey, but usually worth it.If I ever had the opportunity to be hanging out with God in Boston and he wanted to go out to eat, this is where I would take him. Ya I went there. This place is just that good, it's just eating at it's finest. Went here for my wife's birthday with some friends and we just attacked the menu. We went for all the good stuff you know, sweetbreads, pork belly, bone marrow, paella, salt cod fritters along with a good portion of the menu. There were even things that really surprised me like the cauliflower, probably the best cauliflower i've ever had. Their house special corn had it going on too, corn aoli and cheese who would have thunk it. The atmosphere was also great, quaint low lighting, fireplace in the background, lots of people having a good time, even liked the choice of music (a little mob deep never hurt anyone). Had a fantastic experience here and the wait staff made it even better. One of the people in our group has a gluten allergy and the waiter took the time to go over the whole menu and let her know what she could eat and what she couldn't as well as how to get around some of the others. He went above and beyond to help us out and we greatly appreciated it. And at the end of our dinner God looks to me and says awesome dinner man and gives me a high five.This is a pretty trendy place in the South End. After over an hour wait on a Saturday night, we (a party of 2) were seated at the end of a long table in the middle of the place. Service was very good and the food did not disappoint. The sangria was a little watered down though. I've had stronger for cheaper at other tapas places. I recommend the corn and the bone marrow. Overall, this place was a very nice place to have dinner but again, the trendiness factor will probably make me feel awkward going to this place once i hit my 30s...Pros: Great ServiceSteak Tartare was awesomeNegatives:Most of the dishes are so heavy, and yet the portions so small, that you feel as if you're swallowing little cholesterol pills covered in salt.Location is awful. Its literally in the middle of nothing.Finally, the wait is ridiculous. I don't know how such a remote location can have a 3 hour wait on a Tuesday night. Unless you really want to pay $70 for two people + $20 for a cab (because who rides the SL5??) for mediocre food after waiting for an ungodly amount of time, don't come here.I live, literally around the corner, from Toro. At times, I feel that this makes me the luckiest person alive. It's a fantastic restaurant with a perfectly-balanced ambiance that makes it wonderful for both tapas with friends and dinner on a romantic date. The cost for a meal for two can range from $30, for a couple plates of tapas and cheap glasses of wine, to $100+ for a luxurious meal with a good bottle. That kind of versatility is what really makes this place great. The food is amazing, of course, and every plate presents something new, unique, and gush-worthy. There are a few things left to be desired -- on a couple occasions, the service has been lacking (drinks ordered and forgotten, poor English competency, taking plates w/ food away without asking, etc.). They also don't take reservations, and often have very long wait times, even on weekdays, which can make dealing with the establishment tricky. The lack of customer service is absolutely worth navigating, however, as this restaurant is a solid four stars of Tapas-liciousness.Arrived on Monday expecting a wait but was surprised to see that no one was there.  I guess the key is to get there early.  I arrived at approx 6/6:30.  Food was a good as everyone describes.  Ordered the corn, short rib, empanada, steak, and cod.  Everything was succulent and amazingly delicious. The wine was FAB as well. A definite MUST for tapa aficionados. By the time we were leaving it was packed!  The dessert option was 1) churro with chocolate dipping sauce and 2) the same!  That's all you need anyhow. It was delicious and authentic. Enjoy!The best grilled corn I've ever had and I don't really like corn. A must have at Toro.The food wasn't bad, but its an eclectic menu and the food isn't great either. At $58 per person thats my concern. I had a fair $20 meal for $58 without any drinks. It was very busy for a weekday night, even late, so they must be doing something that works, I just don't know what! I won't be back at that price.Amazing that you can eat as well in Boston as in Barcelona.  Toro nails it. Consistently.In one word: Umami.  Every single dish has so much flavor and is perfectly created. I especially love the duck, but its hard to go wrong. They also have some spicy drinks as well as a nice selection of wines. It can be really nice to sit outside during the summer, but be prepared for long waits on table (in or out). Food also comes as it is made, so its a more casual feel.Having ruled Thai and sushi, we were craving steak or tapas and tapas won out. this, Not being restaurant week yet with half priced steak deals.  I have already tried and liked dali and mostly tascas, the place to check out was Toro in the south end and luckily we were already on Washington st downtown.   We secured parking right in front at a meter, and although the greeter said 30 minute wait for a table, we found two seats across from the bar with a view of the street, which gave us ample people watching space. I was able to observe the front tables eating bread with pate, and at another table, saw a paella eaten.    The atmosphere was great, definably a "romantic spot" but with people talking, drinking and eating, and generally being merry, and not at all pretentious. They played mostly hipster rock folky music but they were all good song choices....nothing annoying. Stuff like Peter Bjorn and John and Gotye. Overall, I give it a 10/10. We opted to go alcohol free for dinner, but the selection of beverages was great and I made a note to have a caparehna next time or try some of their wine-on-tap. We decided on splitting half of a Valenciana Paella with shrimp, mussels, clams, chorizo, chicken, and calasparra rica. I love all those ingredients. Also, we chose the Panza De Cerdo  crispy pork belly with little neck clams, smoked potatoes and celery oyster crackers., and for full-on decadence since Jillian has never had it, a Foie Gras con Duranzos with peach walnut mostarada.        Our server was or resembled Michael Glabicki of Rusted Root and we had to resist the urge to ask him if this is what he did when not touring. I figured we would find out on August 24th when we saw them play New York. He was a nice guy and brought us out the Foie Gras and Panza De Cerdo crispy pork belly at once. They were both orgasmic. It is hard to beat Jeremy Kean of Whisk's pork belly which is IMO the best in the city, but this at least matched it which is all I was looking for.      The pork belly was so good. The clams were mouth watering, and the celery oyster crackers and potatoes were some of the best I have ever had. We used the bread to soak up the last pieces of the clam chowder.   The Foie Gras was decadent and delicious. I had a particular satisfaction out of feeding my lovely girlfriend her first bites of foie gras, and was impressed that she never wavered even when I reminded her what foie gras actually was.      The paella was so good to every bite. The clams good, the mussels even better and the shrimp succulent. The rice tasted healthy and reminded me of quinoa. Half of the Valencia paella was enough for two people and we used the rest of the bread to soak up the remaining liquid.  Many thanks to Jillian,this review came together because she emailed me the photos we took from the previous evening. I liked this place. A lot. I will be back, if only because we left feeling like a million bucks and without having burned a hole in our wallets. I highly recommend Toro to anyone looking for great tapas in Boston.I had heard people RAVE about this joint, and so finally I gave in and a friend and I went there for brunch.  Let's just say I was underwhelmed.  The beans in my egg dish were undercooked (i.e. crunchy)! I am willing to give it a shot for dinner, but solely because of the corn with cheesy buttery deliciousness spread all over it that we ordered as an appetizer.  Hopefully the dinner is as good as people say--especially given the price!Okay people, yes the Corn was delicious, but at the end of the day ask yourself, how good can corn really be? Yes I was impressed with the corn, but there are so many other better options on the Menu. The Mashed potatoes were unreal. We got the Valencia Paella and it was quite good, and also quite a lot of food. Two people, no alcohol came out to around 50/60 bucks. The seating is TIGHT, and the wait is long. We went at 7 on a Saturday night (i know i know, crazy), and were finally seated at 9. Luckily you can put down your cell phone and they will call you when your table is ready, so feel free to head elsewhere and return a couple hours later. Only reason I give this place 4 stars was the seating was uncomfortable, and the staff was a little pretentious (not to mention the clientele, every young professional and upscale hipster wants to be seen here). But for Tapas in Boston this place can't be beat.Paella is great for a group- fun add ins, too like rabbit. Awesome assortment of tapas, from the grilled corn to razor clams to acorn fed ham...all delectable.Wow!! First time in Boston and found this place in our guide book. We were not disappointed!! My boyfriend and I showed up at approximately 930 pm on a Saturday night. We knew we were going to have to wait but we found a place at the bar. Luis was our server/waiter and I can't put into words how nice he was! So attentive! We started with a few drinks while we waited: the Papa Gallo and Verdad y Amor. I'm not a fan of tequila but they were both delicious! The atmosphere was great! Their playlist was pretty damn good: hip hop, R&B and some soul. After a couple had finished their dinner we were able to take their seats at the bar, which we were happy about because Luis was so accommodating! We looked around and saw that the corn was a popular item, took a look at the menu and ended up asking Luis for recommendations. Best thing we could've done considering there were so many dishes to choose from! I loved that this is tapas style food so we were able to order a little bit of everything.Luis started us off with the grilled corn: what can I say about this dish that you haven't already read about? They were finger-lickin good!! We then had the garlic shrimp and I can't say enough about the rich flavor! The Ostras en Escabeche were so damn good we had to have two orders! We love oysters and eat them whenever we get a chance; this is nothing like we've ever had before! For our main dish we had the paella Valenciana. We had to share a half order and this was plenty! It was really good!!As if we hadn't had enough food (and drinks) Luis ordered an item off the menu for us. It was pork in a curry sauce. It was so tender and lean! I loved that it had a hint of spice! For dessert we had the churros. Nothing special about these but it was hard to compete with the rest of the scrumptious food we had. If you are going to Boston and you have an opportunity to splurge, this is the place.Another Saturday night out, at another of my favorite Ken Oringer haunts.  Atmosphere is equally important to me when it comes to dining, and Toro more than satiates a festive Spanish flavor, from it's smiling and bustling waitstaff to the convivial merriment of it's patrons.  The music , though it could have been a little more authentic, was at the right level and didn't drown out our party of five's conversation.  By the way, this is definitely an eatery that requires a party not afraid to let their hair down, and sometimes mingle with the people at the next table, as it is quite "cozy".  The food... Right!  The food, though I can't remember all twenty small dishes that we sampled, the ones that I was completely seduced by were: the long green peppers fried in olive oil and sea salt, octopus ceviche, the skirt steak with red onion marmalade, and especially loved the salt crusted sea bass.  I recommend either of the two sangrias, though we enjoyed a few pitchers of the white. A few things to be aware of: 1. Toro does not take reservations- showing up on a Friday or Saturday night at 7:30 or 8:00 ensures at least an hour wait if not longer.2.  If you are looking for attentive, one-on-one service and/or an in and out dining experience, Toro is not your thing.3.  If you want to be completely seduced by sensational tapas and a sexy, Barcelona-ish vibe, then Bienvenido!Order the little hamburgers - AMAZING!  Sangria is a must (although they do have a wonderful wine selection too) and the 3 cheese dessert is delicious...especially the one with the fig sauce.  You can't go wrong with the service, atmosphere, and food!  It's definitely worth the splurge to go all out at this place!I don't know how they do it, but this place manages to be packed every night of the week. You can go there on a Tuesday and if you are not early you may actually have to wait for a table. I work and live nearby so I have gone there for both drinks and dinner. The dinner options range from okay to amazing, my personal favorites being the corn (be forwarned - what makes them so good is a hefty serving of mayonaise) and the paella. While those two dishes provide a decent portion, many are on the small side of the scale, (yes, I know tapas are supposed to be small, but it can get pricey trying to fill up on them). Although I am sure they will change this soon, you can go there for dollar PBRs, not a bad deal after work, particularly if you get there before they start serving dinner and can find a place to sit. Buying rounds is actually affordable, just be advised, by the third or fourth round, the bartender may start giving your group dirty looks (if that is all you are ordering).Best corn and "mini bergers".  The occasional BBQ on Saturdays is a must have while affordable.Amazing. Perfect, in fact. Toro is everything I look for in a restaurant. The food is spectacular. The vibe is fun. The drinks are good. The service is great. It is a little pricey, but reasonable. And they have one dollar tall boys of PBR! That holds the price down, too. I wouldn't change a single thing.Best and most authentic Spanish cuisine in Boston!Viva!There was a nice selection of tapas, then sangria was good and it was yummy, comfy and fun!!The maiz asado is amazing.  best tapas in boston by far!  it's a great place for a big group (as long as you get there early!)Great tapas, yummy corn and cool cocktails!Went for Restaurant week in Aug 09 for the first time.  Fantastic food.  Memorable plates include the grilled  corn, the roasted bone marrow and oxtail, gambas, pork pate, and the short rib.  Flavors are dramatic and bold, and atmosphere lively.  They don't take reservations so the wait is often long, but we showed up at 6pm on a Thursday and sat at the bar without waiting.  Worth the gamble.Seriously good tapas. There was a 1.5 hour wait for a table, but patio seating was available because it was a bit chilly. We went for the patio.We *loved* the chiles, shrimp cocktail, patatas bravas and duck drumettes. The Uni sandwich, catalan stew were nice. The only let down was the churros - they were well made, but I could taste the oil. A bit of a let down. The Sangria was fine - I have had better. And it was pricey for a pitcher - $22.Came to Toro for the first time on my 21 st bday, this place is absolutely amazing. The most unforgettable dish was the fried potatoes...yes, the fried potatoes, and plus the cream corn on the cob, and bone marrow. But i could never imagine fried potatoes prepared like Toros. The cocktails were definitely good. But since they don't take reservations, every time me and my friends wants to hit up this place its always packed with a 1.5 hr+ wait. But when you actually get to sit and eat, you'll realize how worthy the wait was. Highly recommended for weekend drinks and dish.Really fun restaurant with AMAZING corn on the cob. The cava jars are so much fun--you order a Spanish sparkling wine in a special vase-like pitcher and basically pour it down your throat. It not only tastes great, but is tricky to drink out of this little spout. I'll post a photo next time. The food is pretty good, cocktails are amazing, and ambiance is hectic (can be fun on some nights). I give this place fewer stars because the wait is awful (3-4 hours). They won't take reservations unless you have a party of 6. On top of that, the hostesses are never friendly or helpful. They sort of treat customers like we are a nuisance! Kudos to them for running a successful business, but I just can't wait that long for a few pieces of tapas! There are too many great restaurants in the South End to come here, get pushed around, crammed in corners, and wait for a few pieces of food at $8/small plate.Yes it was busy, but we still got great service. The food was amazing. I'm ashamed to say that I'd never had razor clams before, but now I'm hooked. The cabeza with pickled carrots was the perfect mix of fatty pig head and acidity. The asparagus with pickled ramps screams springtime.  I was surprised that the portion of patatas bravas was so large. Overall, it was top notch. It's a great place to share food with friends and try new things.My fav place other than Clio.  My wife and I went to celebrate. The food was excellent as usual ( my wife liked the foie gras and corn with queso fresco, I liked the tripe). The only problem is that the place is always busy. (2.5 hr told. 1.5 actual wait) That's what you get for Fri nite ! I wish they'd take reservations.Hands down one of the best in Boston. I love this place and have waited 3 hours for a table. Would recommend it to anyone, I also got my cousin, friend and boyfriend hooked to Toro.A great memory from Boston. This place was packed every day I tried to get in, finally we just at at the bar. Everything was amazing - not good - amazing. The waiter suggested the corn, which I would have never ordered. It was a must! I'm glad he spoke up! I have spent some time in Spain, and the atmosphere brought me right back to Madrid!I ate here with a few friends over the summer and everything was great. In fact my friend (who is a jwu alum like Oringer) did all of the ordering for the three of us. We ordered just about everything on the menu and enjoyed it all thoroughly. I have been back once since this experience and plan on going back tonight as well. I would say skip the paella and get extra small plates! Don't miss the beef heart or foie gras as both are outstanding.Tried their Sunday brunch... the service was friendly and the ambience was trendy casual. Food was good. We tried the empanadas- crisp and tasty, the corn with aioli was yummy (though a little rich if you're conscious of your weight), The scrambled eggs and grilled chorizo- tasty but could do with a little bit more seasoning. The patatas bravas were nice and crisp. The Mejdool dates, we could've passed up- the meat in it didn't cut the sweetness of the dates.One aspect they could definitely improve on is the olive oil they serve with bread... it was the least flavorful olive oil I've had at a restaurant thus far. The aioli taste MUCH better with the bread than the oil.But their friendly service and attention made up for whatever was lacking in the food. So all-in-all, we had a good time!We'd love to go back and try out their Paella for dinner sometime.the blue cheese grilled corn - out of this world!duck leg, insane.specialty cocktail menu - worth the hour long wait for your table.Really nice. Easier to get a seat at the bar than wait 90 minutes for a table. Had all tapas: eggplant, potatoes,corn, ceviche.  All were really good, with very strong flavors. The corn, apparently a popular plate, was maybe just a little bland in its preparation, though the corn itself was delicious.  It has tough competition in the Cuban prep of corn with lime, chili powder, butter, Parmesan, and cilantro  Red sangria was great. Ambiance was great. Value was great. It's a little bit of a scene.This is the best food I've ever had in Boston, bar none.  The corn is the BEST, the ducks drumettes,  the short ribs, marrow, I mean it's AWESOME!!!  Try the Truth and Love cocktail or the sangria.  Yum!!  I'd give it a 5 except the wait is often unmanageable and sometimes its hard to get a drink while you are waiting.  WORTH THE WAIT though!!Amazing every time! The menu changes seasonally. The portions aren't too small or very large - just right for the price. The service is always pretty great, the kitchen is quick, the drinks are very tasty and if they aren't, waitstaff is happy to make you another. Brunch is fairly good, although I wouldn't make it my default spot for brunch. I was just dumbfounded my first time attempting to dine there, when the host greeted me (at 7pm) with a straight face and let me know there was a 2.5 hour wait for a table but I was welcome to hang out at the bar. Ummm... other than that, this place is fantastic. Great date spot, go ahead of time and sweetly ask to be put on the list and phoned up when your table is ready, then hit a bar nearby for an hour or so. The food is fantastic, and this place is one of my favorites in the South End. Bonus - they do reservations for holidays like V'day.I've wanted to try Toro for a while, but didn't get the chance to until recently. My friends and I went for a celebratory lunch for graduation and it was the perfect pick. I loved the feel of the restaurant and the open kitchen that they had. When you go there, DEFINITELY get the corn!! I ate 2 cobs on my own! It's smothered in aioli and cheese and tastes absolutely amazing. We ordered a bunch of tapas to share and my favorite was the tripe in green curry. I was hesitant at first but the sweet curry and the tripe tasted so good together. The mussels were also one of my favorites. My friend wanted to try the beef tongue which is something that made me want to gag, but I tried it towards the end of the meal and it was actually really delicious. All in all, I would absolutely recommend Toro to anyone looking for a good restaurant in the South End.Just ate at Toro tonight.  It's not bad but it's seems waaaay over-hyped.  The service was ok but generally unfriendly -- it felt like we were inconveniencing the staff by being there.  The food was solid but not earth shattering.  I've gotta admit that the grilled corn is pretty good...but you could slather a quarter inch of garlic mayo on a paper towel tube and it'd be pretty good, too.Cocktails were tasty.  The no reservations policy is kind of a bummer.I would say that this place is a bit overrated, but worth a try.  It is tapas - spanish style apps- and a very busy scene.  Many younger people (30s) and a vibrant bar scene and very cool restaurant decor (all in one room - very small).  Food - the food is very tasty (typical of tapas) but very very small portions, esp. for the pricePrice - I would say the price is higher than standard tapasService - Service is attentive and good overallScene - the place to be seen and have a social timeLocation - off the beaten track a bit - at the end of Washington (near Mass Ave) in the South End, but easy enough to take a cab to or metered parking on Washington.Worth a try, but definitely not my favorite restaurant in the South End.Love this restaurant. This is my husband's favorite restaurant in Boston and one of my favorites. Can't make a reservation for dinner and there is always a long line of fans, so have been coming here for lunch instead. Delicious food, fast service.Brunch on the patio was lovely (in September - maybe not so much in January). The huevos rancheros and grilled avocado were the best I've ever had. Add a couple of mimosas to that and you've got yourself a great day. A little bit off the beaten path for tourists, but well worth the trip.For someone who doesn't eat any pork product and very seldom seafood ..this review says A LOT.This place is hands down, amazing. Pure perfection. The food is authentic (according to my friends who've actually been to Spain). They have outdoor seating (which, somehow in 50 degree weather still worked out), delicious food, delicious drinks, and great service.You MUST try the corn and the paella.Star off because they fail to have heating lamps outside, and because the wait is obnoxious.This place has a nice ambiance.  I made sure to arrive early to avoid the wait.  I was seated promptly at 5:30 on a weekday.  Had a coctail which was delicious.  My meal consisted of grilled corn, the garlic shrimp and the foie gras.  All were delicious!  For the money, the grilled corn (two full cobs) were a good value.  The other two are a little pricey.  I had great friendly service in addition to the great food--hard to beat!  Will come back to try the other dishes that people rave about!New favorite restaurant.Upon the insisting of a friend, we went to Toro two Saturdays ago for a girls' night.  They got there around 545, I arrived at 6 and it was PACKED.  The wait was long, but we were able to shimmy into the bar area and grab a few cocktails while waiting.  The bartenders are really friendly and chatted with us for a bit. Food: The food is to die for! There was four of us and we shared a ton of tapas.  I recommend the Gambas al Ajillo, Crorquettas de Bacalo, Patatas Bravas, and most importantly the Maiz Asado.  Which is heavenly!Cocktails: I started out with La Granada, a vodka drink with pomegranate and lime. It was sort of like a lime ricky, but with the booze and pomegranate.  My favorite of the night though was the Nantucket Mule which has vodka, cranberries, and ginger.  Definitely great for an evening out!Everything here is good - it's just overpriced, is all.Atmostphere is fun - come with friends and enjoy the drinks (great bar selection) or do a group "pipe" drink, where they flute the champagne to you from a cool drinking decanter.  Definitely get the corn with crema, and the paella.  All the others taste great, but some are not as flavorful as you would imagine.  Had a lot of seafood tapas where the seafood really got lost in the sauce, and I felt like I hadn't really gotten to taste what was highlighted in the dish.Amazing, amazing, amazing place if you want to go somewhere with great food and a lively atmosphere. Although somewhat crowded, their food more than makes up for it!The best things I tried were the marrow, some young shrimp that you ate the entire thing, head and all (probably my favorite), and the tuna. Everything was wonderful! Definitely a great place to go for a special occasion or date. The only things stopping me from going every night are 700 miles and a skinny wallet.Went in just before closing after a Sox game. Service was still very good despite the late hour and we didn't feel rushed at all. Ahi tuna was very good as we're the cod fritters and duck legs. Although tapas are meant as just snacks, the pork belly portion was really small, only about two bite each. I'd definitely go back.seats are narrow. service is slow. food is too expensive for such tiny portions. after spending over $150, 4 people still feel hungry...one guy ordered a drink but it never came.Delicious food all around. Be sure to try the exceptional anchovy appetizer, shrimp, corn, and peppers. Service was sub-par- expect to stay there for at least two hours if you plan on ordering appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Overall, a great place to go if you have a couple of free hours and want to indulge in wonderful food.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Boston, and that is a bold statement considering I have been to countless eateries in the area.  The food is always good, in fact I have never had a bad meal here.  It is true that the place is always crowded and that they don't take reservations (even for larger parties) can be a problem, even on off nights like Monday or Tuesday.  I usually just eat at the bar, the service there is just as good as at the tables, and you don't have to worry about flagging someone down for a refill on your cocktail.  Try the braised short rib, the scallops, patatas bravas, and the grilled corn.Delicious food, don't forget the corn with cojita or the duck legs, the little kobe burgers are also great. Love the cava selection, we stuck wiith sparkling and let the bartender choose, it was delicious. The service was crappy, but since the experience was so fun (I was there with old friends who I was really happy to see)  I can't bring myself to dock more than a star for that. Busy, so don't go at a prime dinner time. Gets pricey because the plates are small and you order a ton. We were told 2-3 tapas per person, but I think that was a bit much. We ended up getting 10 things for 4 people and we had leftovers.Yes, this place lived up to all the praise we had heard. Timing - After arriving one Saturday night around 6:00 and were told there was a 2 1/2 hour wait, we decided to get there really really early next time. We showed up at about 5:15 on a Friday and were told seating did not start til 5:30 though we could grab a drink in the bar. Ordered some yummy spanish wine and enjoyed some people watching out the front windows. At 5:30 on the dot the place started to fill up and we moved over to a table. It was nice to not only *get* a table but be able to pick which one we wanted! Note: they now have some outdoor tables to consider.Food - The options here were unique and interesting - not like the same menu you see at Tapeo, Dali, etc. We followed the guidance of our server and ordered a combo of the specials and the house specialties like the corn - there were 2 of us and we did 2 rounds of 3 tapas (top favorites - kobe sliders, marinated oysters, tortilla, ceviche). Yes, the corn rocks - although it could be a bit on the heavy side for some with lighter tastes. The octopus ceviche was amazing although some of the more fried tapas lacked flavor unless dipped in the aioli type sauces (fish fritters).Get there early, try the specials, get the corn and enjoy!First restaurant tapas experience and sooooooo good.  Creative, amazing flavor and unexpected combinations.  Service was friendly and attentive, restaurant was busy, and ambience was dim and cool.  It was like an adventure, trying all the amazing flavor combinations.  Blue cheese filled date was surprisingly warm and tasty.  Corn was decadent.  Oysters in almond milk and baslamic was very acidic but I love acid, so it was a go.  Garlic shrimp was good.  Fresh beets paired with goat cheese and nuts was refreshing.  The churros with hot chocolate sauce were just what the doctored ordered as a finisher.  My roommate has also had the ribs which she said were amazing and the paella.sad story: shortly after the cab ride home,  i lost my toro dinner last night in exodus proportions--i will spare you the graphic details.  i don't think it was their fault though, most likely a weak stomach moment.  the atmosphere of toro is great--from the decor, to the open kitchen, to the great cliental, it's definitely a fun place to be.  they have an impressive cocktail list (i went from the cava cocktail with grapefruit bitters, sugar, and yellow chartuese, to a glass of rose, to a glass of tempranillo, to the ounce of sherry i could stomach).  my friends tried the pink lady, verdad y amor, la sandia, and one with cucumber which we all thought was the best. my suggestions are stick with the traditionals and go light--things can get heavy fast, which is totally normal for spanish food (lots of oil!).  my favorites (may contradict the go light suggestion): atun crudo, jamon serrano, corquetas, maiz (holy alioli), garbanzos, and cinco quesos.  didn't try the paella, but i've heard great things. don't over stuff yourself because you ordered the chef's tasting and feel compelled to eat everything--it doesn't end pretty.It's not really close to anything.  The wait is always bad.  You can barely ever hear your friends to have a conversation, but can oddly hear every word of about 10 other conversations.And, then you get the food, and some of the best Sangria and mojitos around, and all is well.  I've never had a dish here that wasn't absolutely spot on.  And I always leave thinking I would return despite all the hassles.  Disagree?  Cool.  Less wait for me.  :)It's not cheap but worth it. Great ambiance if you like wood fires, unrendered brick and tasteful bottle-patterns on neat wooden shelves. The corn's amazing. Served by an old-school Italian waiter. It's an adventurous tapas menu with lots of surprise and taste. Better book ahead, it's busy. Try the Bodegas Enguera "pelta" Monastrell blend 2006 - lovely peppery red wine. Deserts were limited to two and just ok. Pay your parking meter - ours ran out after 2 hrs and we got fined 15 mins after it ran out ($40). We paid about $50 pp with wine but at $30pp it'd still be a great night (ex-tip). Tapas, but we left very full.I can't say enough good things about this restaurant! We went there for the 2nd time on Friday night and the food is fantastic. The space is a little small and the tables are cramped, but the food more than makes up for it. My favorite is the Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija or grilled corn with alioli, lime, espelette pepper and aged cheese. This dish is so amazing that I dream about it sometimes.Excellent food, atmosphere and service.  The wait can be a bit long, but worth it!I tried several times to eat at Toro but was at each turn deterred by the seemingly insurmountable numbers of people crowding outside the place even on what most other restaurants would consider "off nights" waiting an hour or more for a table. Now that I've finally had a chance to try it out, I understand why all the long lines and rave reviews. The food is truly delicious. Standout selections were the garlic butter and cheese drenched corn and the succulent dates wrapped in ham. Portions are small, but that encourages experimentation, and only our order of flavorful but slightly turgid calamari came close to disappointing.So why not five stars? By typical Spanish tapas standards, the prices are outrageously expensive given the small portions. And the wait times for a table can be ridiculous. And the close quarters and packed hosue mean an intimate dining experience is impossible.  Toro is a place to be visited, but frequenting it may take more fortitude and funds than the average foodie may be willing to muster.5 stars to TORO !!!!! The best Tapas place in Boston with an amazing menu ! The CORN is a MUST :) The cocktails are just fabulous ! I've been to Tapeo a couple of times and I can tell you they're"re not even close to be this good, save your self the time and aggravation with the rude service and microwave food !!!!After visiting several more times, I now really love this place -- its fun with a big group so you can order a variety of tapas, and even with two its fantastic now that I know what I like.Great food, but cramped seating. Good pick if you have a small party and don't mind waiting for a table. Their grilled corn on the cob was delicious!i go to toro every now and then--its usually a good time. the food is good for what i usually get.  drinks are always a plus--its not bad for lunch either.  -1 star for the crammed seating and people in your space.It's always a fun time at Toro!  Yes, it does get incredibly crowded but the atmosphere is part of the experience!We were here on a recent Sat night and they quoted us 2-2.5 hours for a table for two (this was around 8PM).  We've realized in the past if you're ok with eating at the bar you can get seated much faster and just our luck we got two seats within 10 minutes!We started off with some sangria (which is always good) and the stuffed dates roasted corn and foie gras.  Three of our favorites!  For some reason I could eat that grilled corn all day!  We also especially liked the foie gras - the pear and bacon chutney was very good.  From there we moved on to order the baby octopus, monkfish cheek, tuna belly and beef tongue.  Of these three, the beef tongue with lentils and salsa verde was awesome!  It was like a smokey, super tender ham.  The chewy-ness of the octopus was nicely offset by the potatoes and bits of meyer lemon.  The monkfish cheek was a good idea but a little too dry on the edges more chewy than we would have liked.  The only thing we really didn't like at all was the tuna belly.  Nothing to do with how is was prepared but we were expecting it to be something different - reminded us too much of the "chicken of the sea"!  But, the bartender was really cool about it and offered unprompted to take it off the bill for us!Overall, you can't really go wrong at Toro!The foie gras is perfection, but my favorite was the grilled corn, by far! Overall, great tapas! (Don't forget the $1 PBR tall cans, shh)Below is my rating definition.* = Don't even bother going** = Nothing out of the ordinary*** = Pretty good stuff**** = Outstanding***** = It's basically 4 stars but they do it consistentlyOverall, Toro has a great atmosphere with some well executed and some not-so-well executed dishes. If you're in the neighborhood, check out Toro. Otherwise, there's no need to make a special trip to try this.Recommended dishes:Catalan stew of sea urchin, lobster and crab meatOne word - delish! Lots of quality lobster and crab meat, though it can use more sea urchin. Ask for more bread so you can soak up all the broth/sauce.Grilled corn with aioliThis is the signature dish and everyone rave about it. You can put that aioli on anything and it would taste good. Don't forget the squeeze of lime...it cuts through the richness of the cheese and provide some balance to the dish.Nothing out of the ordinary dishes:Chickpeas with chorizo, spinach and hard boiled eggNot bad, not good. It tastes exactly how it sounds and it's probably something you can make at home.Hanger steakSame as above.Crispy chicken with faro and mushroomsSame as above.Not recommended dishes:Marinated Island Creek oystersNothing's wrong with the oysters themselves, but the marinate overpowers the freshness of the oysters. There's a difference between enriching and overpowering, and this is definitely the latter.This restaurant is fantastic.  My favorite in Boston for sure!  Everything is delicious there.... you have to try the corn!Every dish we ate was superb.  Another great review for Toro!  We arrived right as they opened (8 minutes after), and there was already an hour wait for a table for 2.  We instead ordered food while at the bar and were glad we had done so.  Again, fantastic food, great atmosphere, a meal we will talk about for a long time--yum.My wife and I went here for a night out.  The large crowd, which caused us to wait for an hour for a table, was our first indication the great food that was to come.  It also gave us a chance to watch the tapas plates roll by and decide how we wanted to start.  Cannot say enough good things about Toro, but would highly recommend the flank steak dish and the Maíz Asado Con Alioli Y Queso Cotija, a corn on the cob dish, excellent.Toro is, in my estimation, is one of the finest restaurants in Boston.  It's where I bring people who come visit and want to experience the best in the city.  The atmosphere is casual and friendly.  The drinks are fun and varied.  And most importantly, the food is absolutely outstanding.The tapas-style dining is excellent for tasting tons of dishes and flavors.  You'll try things you never even thought of.  The sure-thing dish there is the corn.  It's smothered in aioli and cheese, and the flavors are tremendous.  The tuna dish(es) are fabulous, and the fois gras is outstanding.This is the place to go if you like tapas especially, but even just to try something completely different.  I've never had an issue with the wait there, but it can get a bit crowded.  The dining experience, though, is intimate (both with who you came with and whoever's elbows you may brush up against!).The emperor has no clothes.  I went for restaurant week and I kept wondering if maybe they were saving their big guns for the people paying full-price.  The tuna belly tasted like Starkist on a saltine.  The corn was great, props.  But, srsly.  How is this possible that all of these people love this place so much?  Save your money, go to Tasca.Amazing assortment of tapas. Every bite was better than the next. My favorites...the hamachi and the short ribs. My own version of surf and turf.I died and went to heaven!I heart this place! I'm always wicked happy when I dine here.  I smile with every bite I have!I love their foie gras pinchos dish, their uni stew, the corn, and kobe beef mini burgers... and so much more!!! The menu was hard to decipher at first but the descriptions are listed beneath. Even if you "mistakenly" ordered something, it'll prob turn out of be really yummy!I also love their drinks here and wine list.  Ive had the sherry julep, la grenada and their spanish whites by the glass. All lovely! ...OMG This place is fantastic! My friend and I sat at the bar and ordered some drinks and received FANTASTIC service :) The food was amazing, we had to of course try the corn. And I would highly recommend it to anyone else who goes here! We also had the sweet breads and almost every beef item on the menu...all of which was amazing.The sweet breads were so good, we had to order a second helping! I definite must have!Favorite place in Boston: Can't go wrong: Best Bets: Tuna Crudo, Corn, Hangar Steak, Pan con Tomate, gambas, croquetas, but honestly its all goodWhat an awesome meal. My wife and I showed up at 7:00pm on a cold winter night the place was packed. They dont take reservations so there was a 1.5 hour wait we put our names in and decided to try and score a few seats at the bar. With in 20 minutes a great spot at opened up and we decided to just eat there. I think we ordered over half the menu and man was it good. We oredered beef hearts, a few different jamon's, Tuna tar-tar, grilled shrimp, veal sweet breads, firied chicken thing, some fish can't remember & brussel sprouts all were super good. Only thing I would not order again was he corn. I know it was out of season but it was covered, I mean cover in aolie sauce so much so that I could not see or taste the corn even.Only reason I would not give Toro a 5 stars is the crowd. I knew what we were signing up for when we decided to eat at the bar but, they really need to regulate crowd. I am used to crowed bars but this was excessive forget about fire code there were people presed up aginst me for the entire 1.5 hours we were in there. Which was ok when were just having drinks but not cool when your dropping $100 bucks + on dinner. I think they need to get a good door guy or something. Regardless of this I Highly reccomend tring toro and if 4.5 stars were an option I would have given that rating.I almost forgot the drinks are awesome as well and its less then a block for teh 1 bus so if your into public trans that is a nice little bonus as well.Enjoy!Wow,Probably THE most legit restaurant experience my wife and I have had in the last 3 years.  One disclaimer:  show up early!  We arrived at Toro around 530 PM on Saturday expecting to find a restaurant easing it's way into a busy evening.  Instead we walked into a bustling restaurants with an hour and a half wait.The service was a 10, our group of four was never without; water, bread, cocktail or tasty treat. Our waiter was knowledgeable and somehow laid back in such a wild environment. Although we spent over three hours meandering our way through Toro's amazing Tapas menu we never felt rushed for a single moment.We drank Sangria exclusively, it was the right choice for us due to the length of our "experience".  I felt the Sangria was spot on, not too sweet with a nice flavor of quality wine.  I did feel it lacked fruit,  I am not sure if this is a more authentic way to serve Sangria... Minor detail anyhow.Here is a list of the items that we tried...or at least what I can remember:Razor clams: (6) Nice flavor very tenderCorn: This stuff is basically Toro crack.   You'll see it on just about every table.  The corn is fire roasted and then smeared with a spiced aioli.  We liked it so much that we ordered it twice.Bone Marrow:  I know it's trendy but personally I found it to be fatty and lacking true flavor.Short Ribs:  slow roasted and super moistPressed Uni sandwich- What a wonderful sea urchin application sweet with a flavor of the sea.Sweet Breads:  Get two orders these lightly breaded chicken nugget like pillows of heaven are to die for.Foie Gras:  I know it's quickly becoming a forbidden fruit in the US but man is it good.Pork Belly:  Pan fried with a nice crispy texture...I personally could only taste fat but I would say that the sauce complimenting this dish is outstanding and picks up the positive flavor elements of the pork belly.Stuffed Dates-  Great combination of sweet and saltyTuna Sandwich-  not your mothers...hold the mayo and celery saltAnchovies- classic simple dish little fishy but you would expect thatBeef Heart-  Sliced super thin carrying a nice brine flavor...think pastramiPaella-  this really topped it off for us...we got the full size and had no regrets...a good portion of our rice was burned but we somehow didn't mind and were actually scrapping for flavor.This will not be our last trip to Toro that I can promise you.This is a favorite among the "set' whatever that might mean.  But if you are a true foodie you will avoid the scene and go to one of the South End's less mainstream eateries.  And they celebrated the running of the bulls last week.  Nothing about this establishment is hip.  It is SO yesterday.  Try Estragon if you really are a foodie.OUTSTANDING food, marred only a little bit by a stony-faced bartendress and an aloof server (though the hostess and the people who actually delivered the food were extremely efficient and even friendly!).Try the beef heart pincho -- i'm not kidding.  Even if you're not into entrails, you will LOVE this.  Also, the empanadas and the corn were AMAZING.Confession: I often head to Toro and order only the grilled corn and a nantucket mule. Toro on the cheap and always delicious.I would seriously give this place 10 starts if I could.  My fiance and I have been here many times, it is our favorite restaurant in Boston.  The food is absolutely amazing and we are never dissapointed with anything that we order.  It is a small place, but if you have to wait... it is so worth it.  We have been here for both brunch and dinner.  The gambas are to die for, that is my favorite thing that they make.  So many wonderful choices for tapas here... all are just wonderful!!I am still in awe of the food that they make here. Every time I have a guest, I tend to bring them to Toro and every single time, my guests/friends come out full and happy. My guests have nothing but good things to say about this place. The service is tremendous and they are more than attentive. The staff here always makes feel welcome here. Jen, John, Andy, Christine, and even Jaime have always gone above and beyond for me. Keep the good food coming guys and thank you for everything!Here are the dishes I recommend:1. Jamon Serrano Redondo Iglesias (Premium cured Spanish ham) - tasty, salty and buttery perfection; I liked this more than the Iowa raised acorn ham, which is less salty. The dish came on a wooden board as 13 generous, thin-cut slices.2. Yellowfin tuna with white soy, spicy cucumbers, citrus and avocado - make sure you ask if this is the sliced one served sashimi style because I once accidentally ordered one of the other tuna dishes and was disappointed to get ceviche (it was good too, but not the same level). There are four slices. It's so refreshing and so delicious that I actually resent the fact I have to share, and I am always secretly wishing the table  would order more. 3. Medjool dates filled with Marcona almonds and Cabrales blue cheese, wrapped in Jamon Serrano - this small dish comes with two big dates. Yes, this is one of those dishes where you can easily eat it entirely by yourself and still crave more.4. Grilled corn with alioli - this is excellent and a favorite of the crowd. We definitely enjoyed it more after we asked them to cut the corn off the cob for us.These were ok, but I wouldn't order again without trying the rest of the menu first:Hunter's style braised beef short ribs - this was like a beef stew. I thought this was bland.Brussel sprouts - roasted and well-prepared without any bitterness; but you have to like brussel sprouts. They were not different from any other restaurant that knows how to prepare these well.I learned I am not a big fan of paella. We had the special with pig and bone marrow. It tasted ok and the half-portion was good for four people, but for the price, I think I would have preferred to order other dishes.They only have one dessert which are churros with chocolate for $7. They give you 3 medium pieces. They are the highest quality churros I've ever had. I like eating with a group, but if it was just me and my partner, we would probably skip it.We got there around 5pm on a Sunday night and were seated fairly quickly. It got very crowded fast though and I don't think they take reservations.This place is amazing. Tasty, and trendy. Totally worth the wait, because there always is one!This place was so good and the people who work there are super nice.  We really enjoyed our meal and our drinks.  They were really considerate of vegetarians and the paella was the really great.Great assortment of tapas, tasty wine, lively but romantic atmosphere.  Definitely one of the best restaurants in Boston.  A fine choice for a special occasion or just a nice dinner with that special somebody.  Reservations are not accepted, but getting a seat usually doesn't take too long.  While you wait, try the wine on tap at the bar!After reading all the stellar reviews on Yelp I was super excited to eat here! I got there about 3 minutes before 5:00 and sat outside for a bit since the weather was so nice.  At 5:00 we were allowed to sit at the bar where I had an amazing cocktail--La Estrella which was recommended by the bartender.  At 5:30 we were seated at a table.  The service was excellent and very welcoming.  We ordered: Empanadas, Corn, Sliders, and the Dates wrapped in ham.  Everything was wonderful, tasty, amazing--all those fabulous adjectives.  We were served the dates last, I bit into mine, chewed a bit and discovered a long hair(the horror!) which was obviously not mine since I am a black woman with short natural hair.  I notified my waitress and she apologized and took the dates and the corn off our bill.  Despite the hair I will definitely go back!There isn't much to say, the food and service speaks for itself.  Try it!! You'll be happy I guarantee it.  I recommend trying the bone marrow, paella and salted hot peppers.If you come here, come early.  If that is not possible, do not come starving.  My friend and I were not able to come early, but we did come here with some food in our stomach.  That's why we were willing to wait when the hostess told us that the wait was 2.5 hours.  Luckily, we were able to grab a couple seats at the bar after half an hour of waiting.  Had we not been that lucky, we wouldn't have gotten to sit at a table until after 1.5 hours.  The sangrias were stronger than what I'm used to, but I didn't mind.  It takes a lot to ruin a sangria for me.  Then we ordered the Datilles con Jamon, Patatas Bravas, paella, and some cheese tapas.  It was all yummy.I still feel like there was so much on the menu I wanted to try, but I'll have to save it for next time.This is the one place in Boston that I think I would seriously miss if I were to move elsewhere. Food is excellent, though overall many of the dishes seem more tapas-inspired to me. You will generally not mistake these for being authentic Spain-style tapas. They end up being more like small Spanish-influenced american restaurant-style dishes (not at all a bad thing). Mainstays for me are the pimientos de padrón (this is a distinct exception to the above comment - these are totally authentic and in fact hard to find in Boston, or in tapas places in many cities in general - if I am eating at toro, these are absolutely on the table), pan con tomate (with the anchoas, if I have my way) and patatas bravas (I go back and forth on whether or not I like how they plate the patatas on top of the brava sauce and alioli instead of coating them evenly). The Brussels sprouts are rad, when they're on the menu. The maiz asado is well known to be their signature dish - it is delicious and is a must-try for your first time there - but it is incredibly messy to eat (fun if you're in the mood). Nearly anything you order here is going to be good, so don't stress too much.Cocktails are very good as is the beer and wine selection. The garnacha is a good value relative to some of their other reds. Last time I went they didn't have the caramelized caipirinha available, hopefully thats just temporary. they also have calimocho on the drink menu, which is fun to see, but for what they charge for one glass you should just get your own bottle of cheap red and liter of coca-cola and get way more bang for your buck. (don't knock it til you've tried it - great summer drink in the park)The ambiance for dinner is small, dark, cramped, and noisy - in a sort of ideal way. It's constantly slammed and they don't take reservations, so if you are showing up after 6pm be prepared to wait. Try not to come here with more than 4 people for dinner. Outdoor seating sometimes frees up a little more quickly. Lunch is way more chill and most of the menu is the same. Oh, brunch is great here too - their huevos rancheros is one of the best in the city. Parking on Washington st is hit-or-miss. Better to take public transportation here.Hands down the greatest tapas in the city, amazing ambience and Greta was one of the best servers I've experienced in Boston! Its a must TRY!Had lunch there today for restaurant week. Never been there before and I can't wait to go back. The food was great! Excellent flavors and beautiful presentations. The servers were efficient and friendly and I have nothing bad to say.Parking is definitely an issue, but well worth the hassle. You have to try this restaurant.Gotta say this place is awesome!  I go there all the time...Everyone needs to try this place at least once...Great service too!LOVED this place.  The sangria was awesome and there wasn't one thing I ate that I didn't love.  My friend and I went on a Sunday night and only had to wait about 30 minutes which was not bad at all.  I will definitely be going back (hopefully soon)!We had the corn, olives, tuna tartar, one of the hams, sautéed shrimp, and duck legs. MMMMMMMI never liked tapas until I went to Toro.  The flavors are so much more vibrant than at Bar Lola or other tapas hot spots in the area, and the paella is packed with clams, chorizo and shrimp -- you get a scintillating mouthful of flavor in every bite.  I was a big fan of their lotus tea (it had green tea and plum wine, I think) from last summer, and now they have a really easy-to-drink spiced cranberry beverage that is totally unlike a Cosmo... really spicy and punchy, and a perfect accompaniment to the bright flavors of the Spanish food.  The only reason why I don't feel comfortable giving Toro a 5 is the service.  The few times I've been there the servers have been very pleasant but a tad forgetful -- maybe just a bit too busy because the food makes this place so popular!Amazing Sangria and the food was amazing! I would reccoment the corn tapas, so delicious!  Its one of my favorites.  All of them were greatI've been a couple of times and always enjoy it. But if you want to go - go early. Toro is busy all the time. On a Monday. During a snowstorm. In January. When there's a power outage. At 5:30 p.m.Two words: Undeniably IrresistibleMy loyalty to Toro exceeds any other restaurant in Boston. I was visiting from New York and I must say that as far as Tapas go, New York Spanish eateries don't even come close to competing with their menu. I'd be surprised to find even a Tapas restaurant in Barcelona that can challenge Toro's exceptional dishes!Toro kills it. The Tapas are excellent across the board. All the wines and beers are Spanish. The bar was lively on a Tuesday night. I cannot recommend it enough.Excellent food, always busy and requires patience to get seated.  Amazing corn on the cob and other dishes. The brunch is also quite nice.Wow, Ken and Jamie (the Chef / Owner, Chef) really get it.Toro is a great place.  Nice size, cozy, incredibly friendly staff and the food.... is just drool-worthy.  Took Mom for a lazy, Monday lunch. I'm pretty sure stuffed dates will be in my dreams tonight, oh my, they were sweet, crunchy, cheesy, salty... I could go on, but the beef tounge deserves a few adjectives too.  Mom was not a fan of the decision when I ordered, but she's now a convert.  Perfect texture, yummy flavors.  The spicy, hot potatos have ruined me for other spuds.  It really was a lovely lunch.  Small plates are fun and allow for a great variety.At the end of the meal Chef Jamie popped by our table for a quick chat.  What a cutie-pie and he's so nice.  Up next on our hit list is Coppa and have no doubt it's going to be great..We have been here 3 times already and we live in NYC. Great place to come for a night out with friends. Great for Tapas (small plates) Also don't forget to order a perron!!Robust flavors. Delicious. Awesome grilled corn.Love it here!!!  The corn is to die for!!!  Never tire of eating here, always a great place to meet family and friends.It's taken me about 8 months to try the famed Toro in the South End and unfortunately I have to say I wasn't very impressed!  I was so excited for the food we had a table of 5 and ordered way too much (but hey that's okay, the more the merrier).  Their menu was fantastic but when the food finally came out everything, and I mean every single dish was wayyy over salted.  Like did the chef drop his salt shaker in each dish?!  I felt bloated by the time I left and it was kinda gross.  Don't know if it was a new chef or what but I was really disappointed.  I'd like to go back again and give it another try but can't decide if it's worth it to wait that long if it's going to be wicked salty again.  Major Bummer.I ate here with my boyfriend months ago, and it's a meal I will NEVER forget! We got there early-ish (6pm) and were able to be seated after a 10 minute wait.  They don't do reservations, so either come early or be prepared to wait longer for a table.The place was very crowded, loud, and dark, but with a swanky feel.  We ordered the sangria--best sangria I ever had at a restaurant!  We tried some adventurous tapas, and here are the memorable ones:-sea urchin sandwich: a little hard to eat, very sea-briny taste, but intriguing. Bread was too buttery.-bone marrow: salty and strange-beef tongue: AMAZING melt in your mouth, flavorful dish.  -Pork belly: incredibly delicate, juicy cut.  Best pork I ever had.The meal was pricy, but not outrageous, especially considering the quality of taste, exotic ingredients, and elegant presentation.  I look forward to visiting again!Not a statement I would throw around lightly, Toro is one of the absolute best places in Massachusetts for dinner. Maybe my personal favorite restaurant in the entire city.Every single detailed is nailed impecably, decor, ambiance, drink, service, and the food. Oh, the food. MUST TRY: Bone Marrow, Foie gras, Beef Tounge in lentils, tuna belly. Thats just my opinion, but honestly you should just try everything. Don't let my palate scare you if beef tounge isn't your thing theres still plenty to chose from. But for a food addict, it's nice to have a place call home. I can't say enough about this place. Go. You must.Finally a perfect tapas place! So Toro can play hard-to-get.. we went on Saturday night, and were told that it would be a 2-hour wait! They don't take reservations, which doesn't make things easier, but I had heard such great things that I couldn't give up so easily.Went back Sunday night, and we were told it would be a 45 minute wait, which is totally manageable (especially given that there are a couple decent wine bars in the area). The food is amazing! We had the corn (of course) which we also saw on pretty much every other table -- buttery heaven! The cold eggplant dish was a little bit of a surprise, but SO GOOD! Never had anything like the stuffed dates before, and the beet salad was another great choice.. Wine list is great, we also tried a couple sherries and loved both of them!Must try! Must go back!Worth the wait on a sat night. This place is amazing! The food, drinks, atmosphere!I LOVE this place. The Kobe beef burgers, cheesy corn on the cob, asparagus and Merguez sausages are all delicious. It can get very crowded here, though, and they don't take reservations.Came here on a Sunday evening for a friends birthday. Called in advance to tell them it was a birthday and to bring candles when we ordered dessert. That part never happened, so that's why you only get 4 stars, Toro. Other than that, we were sat fairly quick, and we ordered the tuna, filet, corn, pan con tomate, ribs, and churros for dessert. Amazing. One of the best meals I've ever had. Another note is that the restaurant is fairly small so there is no standing room at the bar.Great food and great wine.  We went early on a Saturday to avoid the long waits and to snag an outdoor table.Really enjoyed the Paella, steak, procuitto wrapped dates and shrimp ceviche.  Would pass on the sweetbread next time (kind of tasted like chicken nuggets), though the presentation and sauces were very nice. Overall, I thought the prices were reasonable and on par with the rest of the south end - with a group though, I can see how the bill would easily get out of control.Amazing! Went here for restaurant week and I would absolutely go back! They have a great outdoor patio to sit outside and people watch. The dates with blue cheese and almonds and the roasted corn were absolutely incredible. I highly recommend for anyone who loves tapas!I thought this place was fun.. The bloody marys are perfectly spiced,, so right off the bat, I was happy....there on a sunday on the late side of brunch.  (which ends at 230)  we were a little rushed to put our ordes in, but the wait staff helped us choose some house favorites, and we were very happy.  Had a selection of tapas including: the grilled corn (amazing) the eggplant, mini burgers, and the green peppers...so yummy.  Next time, we will know to get there earlier.  Cute place, small tables, welcoming bar seating as well as outdoor seating and relaxed atmosphere....the only thing i didnt like was the very poor lighting in the bathroom...I just prefer to see how clean/unclean a place is...lights please?   I will definately go back...and would recommend!Yes the grilled corn is very tasty, but the vegetarian paella is the way to go. It always awesome great thing to get and share with some of their small plates. Their kind be kind of a bummer of a wait, but definitely worth it.  Their cocktails are defiantly worth checking out as well.I love this place.  The food and the cocktails are fantastic.Verdad y Amos is great, unique cocktail.The wait can be 2 hours or more on Thurs, Fri, or Sat, but it's worth it.I have nothing but great things to say about Toro.  I have been here for brunch many times.  The corn on the cob and huevos rancheros are both favorites of mine but it is hard to really go wrong here.  It is a smaller restaurant so the wait can be long at times but the food is really worth it.  I have also been here for just drinks, dinner, and even attended their NYE party this past year.  Everything has been great.  The restaurant has a great crowd of people and the staff seem generally happy to be at work.  It is a great night out with friends or for a date.Highly recommend anytime.The ONLY reason why Toro has lost at star is because they don't take reservations. We had to wait 45 minutes for a table which was a bit annoying. Otherwise this restaurant is AMAZING! A little pricey but worth the money. The dishes are different and very tasty. Full of flavor. They had many vegetarian options. We were a party of 4 and we split probably about 6 dishes (too much food) but they were all great. Our favorites were the Vegetable Paella, Patatas Bravas, the cauliflower, and the tuna tartare. Can't wait to go again!As someone who studied abroad in Spain, this was a true treat.  The one bad thing is the wait and that there wasn't much room to stand, but we entertained ourselves with the fantastic (yet expensive) cocktails.As far as the meal, we had the pork belly, razor clams, croquettas, corn, and paella.  Obviously the corn and the pork belly were delicious and must.  The razor clams were also delicious.  A nice surprise was the cod croquettas- there is not much said about them but I had to have them as they are a typical Spanish food.  This was my boyfriends favorite dish and I thought they were outstanding.  When I go again, I probably won't get the paella.  It was good and filled with seafood, but it just did not compare to the tapas.  So I will definitely just focus on more tapas and not fill up on rice!Amazing food. You get what you pay for.Excellent tapas. Not traditional Spanish, but delicious all the same and Very modernized. The corn is delicious and so are the batatas bravas. We also tried pork belly, spicy peppers, duck drumettes and goat cheese. Everything was really mouth watering. The reviews say there is an issue with seating- but i suspect we were seated right away since we went there on a cooler summer evening (55-60deg), there was immediate seating outside for us (inside would have been 1.5hr wait).Love this restaurant!  This is my favorite restaurant in the Boston area.  Great atmosphere, lively and fun!Great cocktails and the tapas are yummy and reasonably priced.  Have eaten almost everything on the menu and it's all good!  Don't miss the corn-the cheese/butter spread is fantastic (just bring some dental floss in your purse!).It's also neat to see Chef Jaime Bissonnette in the kitchen and actually cooking!Wow!   Some of the best food that Boston has to offer.  The tapas style menu means you can wander around a culinary landscape.   Whether stopping by for apps and drinks with friends or diving head first into a full on tapas meal, you must eat here!Waiting in line is so worth it!  (no reservations for dinner)Simply amazing. If you're a foodie, this should be your next stop.Went there for brunch Sunday morning at 11am. Had a lovely seat outside, on a perfect sunny, summery Cambridge day. We were seated right away, no wait. Did we get lucky? Maybe, since the inside area seemed to be quite full. The Hueva Rancheros eggs dish, patata bravas and tortilla espanola were absolutely delicious and perfectly done. The server was warm and efficient. Has to be the best spanish food I have tasted in Boston so far. And a big plus for vegetarians - they have an extensive vegetarian only menu that I got to see when I asked for it (its not there on their website). That has ensured that we will be making a dinner visit back soon.. very soon!Toro is one of my top five favorite restaurants in Boston. Love the vibe and the decor. The food is incredible! I always get the grilled corn and the roasted bone marrow and then try new things each time I go. The dishes are all interesting and great for people that like trying new things. Some of the best are the crispy pork belly, duck drumettes, and the veal sweetbreads.Found this on Yelp!  It was perfect.  Great food and atmosphere.  Nice tables near the larget open windows.  We loved it and they accommodated 7 of us with short notice.  And the sangria was fab!Holy crap that is some good grilled corn. Thankfully we scored some outside seating, I don't know what it would have been like sitting crammed inside that tiny place on a Friday night. The wait was a little over an hour but I was expecting that so, no big thing. Overall we ordered 4 or 5 tapas plates, drinks and dessert, but nothing really impressed me quite like the grilled corn.one very fine day, when my wallet can keep up with endless, insatiable depths of my stomach, aka "old iron-sides", i will strut into toro, and project out into the crowd of eager servers and satisfied patrons, "citizens of oringer-ville. do your worst. give me the full tour." and i will proceed to order each and every dish on the menu.until that day, i am reserved to order sparingly (by some standards...i.e. my standards) from the offerings of this fine establishment. so, here are some recent items, besides the standby pisco sour  -frothy, boozy latino-shaken egg whites are just one of my guilty pleasures-  and the olives  -varying in shapes, sizes, and colors like magical marbles, but brined and tangy- that you may wish to look into:1. corazon a la plancha - whenever i see beef heart on a menu, i am morally obligated to order it, because, let's face it, it is often not on a menu. and as often is the case with liver when it appears on a menu, sometimes it arrives rubbery, and smells like a barnyard that could use a good spritz of febreeze. but offal rarely appears at toro with any hint of overcooking, and so was the case with this dish. approximately five thinly sliced sections of beef heart are fanned onto a piece of doughy toasted bread, complimented with a slather of some sort of red pepper, aoili type sauce. rare, and with a texture and flavor more concentrated (less grainy) than the most delicious of sirloins. a teeny bite of triumph.2. the prosciutto. always, always, always order the ham. that's like a law or something. on the most recent occasion, we ordered the plate of reasonably priced idaho prosciutto, and it was very satisfying. 3. on special, more often than not, they will have some sort of a grandma-esque tripe dish. this occasion featured slow cooked tripe simmered in a sauce of garlic, tomatoes, and fine olive oil. you could take a spoonful into your mouth, and i'm pretty sure seconds later the tripe itself would dissolve, almost like the way that lardo dissolves on the tongue. now go make out with someone, because you wreak of garlic and sharing is caring.  4. salt crusted sea bass -  i have never in my life walked into a restaurant and thought, man, i could really go for a big ol' sea bass. and so you imagine the shock on my face when my dining companions squealed "weee! i wanna sea bass!" inner monologue: "fine. have your damn bass bass. -30 minutes later- wait, this bass is delicious. oh my. baked in bread, moist, fishy.. herbs...lots of garlic and herbs... table side service... ..this bass kicks ass...::head explodes::" and so it did. well played dining companions. i could tell you about the churros, the mussels, the crispy pork belly with snails (just like candy!) but i think i'll leave it at the sea bass. as always, less adventurous eaters should not be deterred. toro's classic, tamer tapas are elevated to a new level, and worth experiencing, and you may find yourself more open to "new things" after a few sexy time cocktails. toro rating remains consistent at "awesome", and i'll be back when i'm filthy rich to eat my way through your soul, esteemed ken oringer.Amazing!  This a great place for all occasions.   The drinks are outstanding and fresh.  Get some cava and pass it around the table.  I am pretty sure I have tried everything on the menu and it is all outstanding and consistently good! The grilled corn with aioli is unreal...Toro is in my top 3 favorite restaurants in Boston.  I guess the only issue would be they don't take reservations and there is always a wait, but that is a good problem to have from a restaurant standpoint.I went here last night for a friend's birthday (sorry I missed the Yelp party!). It ended up being really expensive because we just split the bill evenly and I definitely didn't eat any of the crazy dishes people ordered like duck liver. But I did drink a lot of white sangria and the food was spectacular. Oh my. When we first got there I commented that this would be the best Spanish meal ever if it ended in churros con chocolate. And oh my, if I hadn't been so full I totally would have ordered it because it was on the menu! AHH!!! I must go back and order that before ordering tapas, haha. Most tapas are between $5-$10. They recommend that each person order 2-3 things which I agree with. I went here with about 20 people and the entire place only seats 47 yet we were easily accommodated. I am impressed! The waiter kind of rushes you along and the people who bring out the food know nothing about what they are bringing out. They have no idea who ordered it. Also, if more than one person at a table orders something, they combine it on one plate. So they brought out three orders of something that we thought was two orders and when we asked, the guy said it was two. Then the waiter later said it had been three. So you can really only rely on the head waiter when asking questions. Overall, I highly recommend checking out this place. Get the churros con chocolate and think of me!There is this thing about a triple-threat with the restaurant biz...  the ambiance, the price, and the food.  I think if you're giving them all equal weight like any funky-town Boston hipster going out with your buddies  on a Saturday night (read: moi), the 4-star is true to the core.  If you're a foodie who's flying solo and looking for nothing but gastric goodness, well, you're probably serving up more like a "3."  We were seated outside in what's probably the last nice weather night of the summer, great friends, cool vibe outside, HUGE lineup, which makes you feel that much more "in"-crowd for being able to score a table.  Toro is RAMMED.  You need to come early because they don't take reservations, and to get a table on a Saturday night at 6:30pm involved a 45 minute wait.  The drink list is huge and if you're in the mood for an interesting cocktail, there's a boatload on their menu.  The food we had was well priced --- $120 for four of us, with tip.  We got the Foie Gras (meh... nothing special), the heart (okay), the Paella Valencia (I loved it, but it was definitely salty), the churros (best churros I've had in the city), the bone marrow (not my thing, but apparently was good), and the empanadas (deep fried, but tasty).  It's not the best tapas I've ever had but it was good, and the vibe was solid.  The South End is always a big hit, and for good sharey-share food that doesn't kick your ass on the price, Toro is where it's at.Just the facts:We waited an hour for a table.  During the wait, we had a $26 pitcher of mediocre sangria.  When we inquired about our remaining time, we were told, "I wish I had better news for you.  Keep drinking."We were then seated at a "communal" table with couples on either side of us.  Because the music was rather loud, we could clearly hear the conversations around us, but could barely hear each other.  The man seated next to us kept pointing at what we were eating and interrupting to ask us what it was.Our waiter was prompt and friendly.  Our food arrived quickly, the presentation was lovely and most of the dishes were delicious.  However, it was the smallest amount per serving that we have ever encountered at a Tapas restaurant.   We considered it overpriced for the amount of food ($8 for 3 beets and a half teaspoon of goat cheese).   Definitely a place to "be seen".   Then when you're done, go get a pizza because you'll still be hungry.Though i hate to say it, I left Toro with a bad taste in my mouth last week after trying lunch there. Don't get me wrong, the food was delicious as usual. I'll get to the bad part in a bit. I started off with a very nice cava cocktail laced with chartruece, which is how every lunch should start in my opinion. My friends got their aperol/gin cocktail with blood orange juice. Very tasty, I made this my second drink choice. We did take a while to order our lunch and the waiter was very pleasant. He never rushed us but always seemed to be right there if we needed him. We ordered a couple of smaller items to share and some sandwiches. The tapas did arrive after the sandwiches which i thought odd, but it leant itself to a casual lunch atmosphere. All the food was great. I highly recommend their chicken and avocado bocadillo. With our stomachs full and the bill paid, we were outside the restaurant trying to figure out where to go next. That's when the waiter comes out wielding the check presenter and asking, "What... No tip!" Being the person who squared out the bill with my friends (I put it on my card, they gave me cash), I was mortified. Was he calling me cheap? So I went over and lifted up my signed copy to reveal a 20 dollar bill which he apparently missed. Really? Was $20 on a $70 bill not enough? Who does that anyway? I know every person who has waited tables has at least once wanted to follow a cheap guest out and ask if the service was acceptable. But we have all shown restraint I'm sure. It was just disappointing to have a rash misunderstanding hijack a lovely lunch. Of course I'll be back. I just hope to see a hint of embarassment in his eyes when I do return.I'd skip this place and go to Cuchi Cuchi, Dali, Tapeo, or Bar Lola. They didn't have empanadas this past Monday which was a real disappointment. We didn't have to wait for a table, thankfully. The Maiz speciality wasn't all that special. We left with grilled corn in our teeth and our noses covered in the aioli/cheese/butter mixture which was piled on. The plain, grilled corn with that stuff on the side would have been preferable. The bset thing we ate were the kobe beef sliders which aren't authentic tapas at all! The grilled shrimp and patatas bravas lacked flavor. The bread was good especially when we asked for some olive oil on the side.Amazing. Just had the corn it was so good melted in my mouth! I wish thry had this in NYC!Everything here is great and I am someone who usually only likes about 50 percent of tapas.  Go early.  Highly recommended!SOooooooooooo good.  We ordered the Pan con Tomate, queso Mahon, teh garlic shrimp, all which were great.  I even tried the bone marrow, which I wasn't crazy about, but the patatas bravas.....heavens to murgatroid...I could just have their patatas bravas and be content.  I completely forget the martini I ordered, but it was amazing.  Our seats consisted of backless stools so comfort isn't Toro's forte, but I forgive them because the food is great.So, we used to be weekly regulars on Sunday and we'd sit at the bar, eat and enjoy. We moved away for over a year and just moved back to Boston and ventured back to Toro. Impressive. The bartender not only remembered us, but remembered our drinks, welcomed us back and helped us get a seat at the busy bar. The food was everything I remembered it to be, delicious, fresh, innovative. As foodies, this is the only restaurant that we've been back to since being back in Boston that lives up to our romanticized memory of what the restaurant was. Everywhere else we've been back to....the reality never quite was what you remembered. So, kudos to Toro, great staff , amazing food and an overall great experience. See you next Sunday. :-)Toro is hands down one of the best restaurants in Boston.  Everyone knows its a pain to get a table, you'll have to wait about 1 1/2 hours on a weekend, but its worth it.  Just get some drinks at the bar!  Their long list of drinks is full of tasty things no matter what you're in the mood for.  I recommend the dark & stormy (ginger beer & ginger syrup with dark rum on top).  As for the food, I used to come here as a meat eater/would eat anything, etc but am now a vegetarian and there are still many great things to order.  I usually do vegan but I made the exception for Toro.  I highly recommend the eggplant, green peppers, potatas bravas, spanish omlette and vegetarian paealla.  All delicious.  I've never had anything bad here.  If you like fish they have amazing raw tuna.  I avoided cheese but the corn is of course also amazing.  Definately check it out.Decent sangria, but good luck trying to get a table!Fun place for dinner but I felt like I had to scream / yell to hold a conversation across the table. Weekend brunch is much more subdued.TORO! What are you doing to me?!? This is a long review so I will summarize my experience first:Slow to seat us, quick to get us in and out, and turn the table over. Makes you wonder if they even want you there.Kind of over-priced, but EXCELLENT food with terrible service somehow averages to 3 stars. I went to Toro with a friend on a friday night completely forwarned and prepared for an hour wait. We even had a game plan: Go in, put name down at 6pm. Walk to Flour, have coffee, come back, eat amazing dinner.We did exactly that. 6pm - We put our name down at we were told yeah, an hour-ish wait. The place was packed. Made sense. Had some coffee and pre-dinner conversation at Flour. 7:15 -We called into the restaurant and were told the table they had for us was either just eating or just paying for dessert. So we linger a little longer and then head to the restaurant expected to be seated soon. 7:30- Show up at restaurant and are told by the hosts that the people at our table have finished eating and paid, and are just talking. Which I guess I can relate if you're just having a fun dinner with friends. Sometimes you just lose track of time and you're talking and having a good time. However, this means my friends and I are standing awkwardly half in the doorway of Toro (because there's def no room in this place). We're just making this awkward road block for anyone trying to get in or out of the restaurant, or to and from some corner tables. Only because there's no room for us anywhere else.7:45 - Still waiting, awkwardly by the host stand. Our table is apparently still chit chatting. I don't know or think our waiter or host has made any attempt at getting them out. I'm also wondering why the hell our group was assigned a specific table and not just: the next table available with 4 seats.8:05 - Success! Finally seated after a whopping 2 hour wait!The food was great - we had the mussels, tortilla espagnola, beef bone marrow, tuna tartare, beef short rib, duck with quince paste and the corn. The only thing i would definitely not recommend is the duck. Tuna was so-so. Corn, bone marrow, and beef short rib all amazing.Now, I feel like after a hard fought 2 hour battle to get our table, maybe we could have a relaxing dinner ourselves. In our 2 hour wait my dinner companions and I even discussed the European vs American practice of bringing the check and how my friend from Mexico had to really learn to not be horrifically offended when people bring the check before she's asked for it.  But this is what I have to say about the service:It was efficient. The server came up to us almost immediately and asked for drink orders and then again food orders. The pace was hurried, but the place was so packed it was understandable. However, when we were finishing up our food we were down to some empty serving plates (that once had the tuna or bone marrow on it) and some plates that still had food on it (like the duck plate). One of us was still eating, one of us went to use the restroom, another one was done and i was still picking at the duck here and there. This woman comes, points to an empty plate (maybe the tuna plate) and asks if we're done. I say yes, and she goes on to take away the tuna plate, the bone marrow plate, tries to take the duck plate - but i stop her because it still has food on it! Takes the bread plate (which still had bread on it) and then takes all of our personal plates. I don't know what she was expecting us to do - eat the duck off the serving plate? With one person at the table still eating it seemed incredibly rude to clear off the table to that extent. (I kind of wanted to finish the duck.)Sorry this was a long review, but I guess I'm just trying to convey the ambiance of this restaurant: Crowded, slow to seat you, quick to get you in and out and turn the table over. The food was good, and maybe I'll try them again, but wow I feel a little raw for having not confronted a manager about this whole situation when it happened. Also, the place was so dark and seemed like it was getting progressively darker and darker, like going blind. It just has to be one of the dimmest restaurants ive even been in.It would be a good idea to pop in, put your name in, go watch a movie, come back.amazing meal! my boyfriend and I went here last night and the staff was friendly and we sat at the bar with little wait. Highlights were the house corn special, the yellowfin tuna tartar and the shrimp tapas. The drinks were also great. Will be back soon!each time we go we enjoy it more. they have always been very accommodating even sans reservation. we crave the uni sandwiches and the tortillas. excellent jamons, and their version of sliders is really good, and there is a very nice  pork paella. we don't love their pan con tomate though...we keep ordering it too.My friend and I have been talking about Toro for over a year but every time we tried to go the wait was ridiculous. So we planned it out and went before they opened on a Sunday. I must say my expectations were high but even with low expectations I shouldn't have been licking salt out of my gums after every course. The staggering of the meals was impeccable and out waitress was phenomenal and when we complained they comped out desert. I will definitely give Toro one more try, probably not on a Sunday as maybe there was a sous chef on that night?!?The tapas here are excellent, esp. do try the corn.  I think it is made from crack.  Just a bit loud inside though, but a festive atmosphere.  Not really a super romantic date kind of place, but I highly reccoment it for quality of food.A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Having studied abroad in Spain and absolutely loving tapas, I can honestly say this is one of the best I've ever had. I went to Toro last night  with my boyfriend for the first time and could not have had a better experience. Everything we ordered was perfection- tortilla espanola, empanada de pollo, filete a la plancha, patatas bravas, and maiz asado (tortilla, chicken, steak, potatoes and corn). I guess they are famous for the corn, because I was told by friends who had been there before that I had to order the corn and when we walked in I think it was on almost every table. The hype was not a let down and I would tell anyone going they must order the corn as well. We both had the tinto de verano to drink, which was delicious and took me back to my Spain days. Toro is kind-of small and the tables are very close together, but it has a nice, trendy feel to it. The ambiance is dark and cozy, with dark wood and a nice bar in the back. The service was great and it was packed. My only complaint about this place is that they do not take reservations, so you should expect to wait pretty much whatever time you go on the weekends.ridiculously good food and drinksAbsolutely delicious!  I have been craving good tapas ever since I worked in Spain for a month.  This place is really delicious!  I usually don't like corn dishes, but really liked their house special maiz asado.  This place also serves the only duck dish that tastes like the duck confit I had in Spain.  In addition, the gambas al ajillo, bone marrow, foie gras, and pimientos are staples of every meal I have at Toro.  And of course, what's taps without the jamon and churros? =)Didn't live up to the hype...but it's worth a visit for the corn!  The decor was interesting, but the crowd is a lil' bit pretentious.  I was completely turned off by the chef's tasting which was $45.  This consisted of 5 tapas each, the first plate was cubed cheese, the second was a plate of peppers, the third was eggplant.  All of which were entirely lackluster and the cheapest items on the menu, not cool!  In my experience when you order a chef's tasting the restaurant gives you a sampling of the best they have to offer and in this case they were giving us the cheapest of what they had to offer!  I'm not a cheap person but I don't like being ripped off either.  So thankfully my friend had been there many times and let me know that Toro was better than that, so we aborted the chef's tasting and ordered al la carte.  This was when I first tried the corn, I mean you think corn how good can it be...this was the best corn I've had in my life!  That's how good it was!  In short the best of my toro experience==Drinks, corn, potatoes, figs wrapped in ham!Had a gift voucher for Toro for a couple of months and thought with friend visiting we could take her and try it out. Wish we had done it sooner! Unfortunately I forgot it was Restaurant Week so we were told there would be a wait of a little over an hour. Since it was cold outside we figured it would be worth the wait. Turned out we ended up with three seats at the bar near the window and the option of ordering from the RW menu in less than half an hour. Food was good, I mean, really good. Interesting combinations and flavours and even with the RW menu there was plenty of variety. Coupled with some well made cocktails and the best impression was made. Can't wait to try it again!I went on a Friday, the food was just ok.  paella was pretty good.  everything else was just so-so.I'm not a huge tapas lover but agreed to Toro on a beautiful summer night.  After waiting only 15 minutes, we were seated outside.  It. Was. Awesome.  Dishes that stood out as incredible: shrimp, tomato bread, yellowfin tuna, and the BEST cauliflower.  By the time the corn and sliders arrived, we were too full for the full effect.  When ordering, our waitress told us that the corn was half the reason people go there but I found it overly buttered and cheesed.  For dessert, the churro's and chocolate sause AMAZING.  Will definitely return for more.My husband and I were visiting Boston for the evening and our local friend took us to this restaurant.  15 minutes after it opened, the entire dining room was fully packed but we were able to snag 3 seats at the bar.  The food is delicious, albeit a heart attack meal.  We just returned from Spain last month, so the sauce on the patatas bravas I must say aren't on par with really great Spanish patatas bravas.  The corn was delicious-soaked in butter and smeared with sauce/spices.  The duck legs were sweet/delicious but slightly overcooked.  Overall, all the dishes we had were solidly great.  In our opinion, we thought the pricing was very fair, although it would have been nice if they had lower priced wines by the bottle.  Our meal cost the same as our $45 bottle of wine.  The service at the bar was slow and cold to start, but after she saw our ID's from California, she warmed up quickly and service became pretty decent.I have been wanting to try Toro for awhile and my friend and I were in the area early - so we headed over - so glad we did.  We arrived at 5:30 and were seated at about 7 - the kind hostesses were spot-on with the 1.5 hr wait warning.  We went into the bar and had drinks - I had a bourbon drink (followed by a whiskey drink) and my friend had a couple glasses of wine.  We both thought the drinks were quite good. For dinner we ordered the grilled corn, friend potatoes, tortilla espanola. and goat cheese with nuts and huckleberry - we liked all of these dishes very much (and agreeing with everyone else - the corn was amazing).  We also ordered the brussels sprouts and the escargot special - we found these to be a bit salty.  We had the churro dessert -- yum.Although the wait is a bit long, the bar is nice and the bartenders are very attentive.  Once you sit down you are not rushed at all and our waitress was wonderful - I definitely do not mind waiting for excellent service.  We also were very lucky to get a nice table by the window - which we loved.Came here during Restaurant Week and we were not disappointed! Everything we ordered tasted great, especially the lengua, the corn, and the pork belly! Great flavors. I can't wait to come back.The corn....I have no words...I had dreams about it. This place is amazing. Everything is good, the sangria is delicious and refreshing, the space is energetic and fun. I'll be back soon!My absolute favorite restaurant of the moment. I've been twice. The first time my husband and I got 10 dishes and 2 drinks, and left full and incredibly satisfied for under $110. We brought back another couple and went a little crazy on the ordering, but it was worth it. I like the wood fireplace, but it can get a little smokey. Doesn't bother me, but I wouldn't take my mother in law. Get the corn, bone marrow (sliced the long way and taken from buffalo), and the white anchovies. So simple but so good.  Its easy to do gluten free and to eat paleo here. They have a separate menu and are very clear when they bring dishes, who at the table can eat it. We went with a gluten allergy, and a separate person with a ginger allergy and they made it easy. Get there early unless you're just going with one other person. Its worth the wait, but its easier to skip lunch and show up when they open the doors at 5:30.My group of 4 went on a Saturday night, arriving obscenely early at 5:15 due to reviews here that mentioned waits measured in hours. Well, there was apparently a line to get in cause the place was already packed and we were told 1-2 hours. After about an hour and fifteen we were seated. We tried enough food to feed a small third world country because the menu has to have over a hundred items and the waitress told us most people order 3 plates each. Ok then. From what I remember having awakened from my food coma, both of the paellas we ordered, the seafood one and the Brambly Farms pulled pork one were fantastic. Warning. I started out getting a full order of each as the menu says they are for two people but the HALF order is for two people and was plenty. I can't even imagine what a full order must be. From the tapas we ordered, the standout was the tuna tartare. I never even considered trying it but after being all but force fed a sample, I would totally order that again. The goat cheese with honey tomato was also great but far FAR too rich for one person, tapas size or not. Braised short ribs were a little sweet for me. The corn was OK but having read the glowing reviews of it, was a little disappointed. They were too cheesy and must have been sitting for a while cause they were cold. The absolute let down were the duck drumsticks. Uhh, yuck. ??? They were very dry and ultra sweet. Don't bother with those IMO. Also, we got the churos for dessert. Nothing to write home about. Skip the desert and spend the money trying another tapas. Also, I got a cup if tea that I later found out was $4. Come on now. Anyhoo. Overall the food was worth the wait and I'll be back but now, I know how to order. I will get a half order of one of the paellas and one tapas plate as an app then hit the North End for dessert and after drinks.went here with a friend last fall semester, but I still remember perfectly that I spent $60 on food that was not filling at all...love the music, & high chairs, & outgoing stuff...i know tapas are small...but with the prices...not worth it....& decent not stellar tapasjust so you know, I give this restaurant a 5 star and I am a food expert.hahaha.need i say more?. but seriously Toro is an awesome Spanish (one of a few in Boston sadly)my favorite local spot.  go early.  the food is awesome.  the drinks are great.It's always nice to have an "in." Let me just start off by saying that. Because if not for that "in," the whole Toro experience would have been what I like to call "balls-out bad." Let me explain. We all know that Toro is infamous for it's "no reservations" policy. We all know that the space is the size of a pin head--and that's doing it justice. We know all of this, but we don't care. We've heard the food is out of this world, so we must try it. I decided, rather stupidly, to get together a few couples who never see each other for a nice night out, and I chose Toro because it's tapas and tapas are fun. Thankfully, one girl knew a girl who knew the owner, yada, yada, and we were able to secure a "hush-hush" reservation. We were scooted in in under 15 minutes. That's dope y'all, because when the people that came in directly behind us asked about the wait, they were told TWO HOURS! I don't know about you, but no food on earth is worth that wait. We then sat down, cafeteria style, which I'm never a fan of, and proceeded to scream at each other over the hubbub. Now, I'll be straight up with you: It could have been a disaster. But the food truly saved the day. Almost everything was delicious (don't get the chicken, be adventurous) and was quite possibly the best food I've ever have. HOWEVER, I would never go back. Food is only one part of the dining experience; atmosphere is another. And reservations? Well, let me just say that they serve a purpose. Enough said.the food was really delicious and the drinks were great as well. i thoroughly enjoyed my mojito! for dinner we had the cheese plate (highly recommended), paella (so delicious), brussel sprouts (YUM!), and the squid ceviche (amazing). we will definitely be back to try more off the menu. i like the community table seating and we had fun chatting with our neighbors who were busy getting drizzunk. overall, the vibe was fun, young and chic.. better than most of the lame scenes in bostonMy husband and I love to treat ourselves at Toro.  I love the sangria, love the generous pours of interesting Spanish wines served in the big juice glasses.  My husband likes the corn more than I do, but we both love the wood-grilled eggplant, brussells sprouts, jamon serrano, duck drumsticks, mini Kobe burgers, and the grilled shrimp.  The seared foie gras with pear chutney is sex on a plate, at a reasonable price for foie gras.  I like sitting at the bar and at the high top tables.  It's a great live atmosphere and fun to see what other people are eating.  I like being able to order things bit by bit and having an extended gastronomic experience.  I'm not in love with the desserts, but the cheese plate with a sherry is an excellent alternative.  I do wish they would take reservations, but I have always managed to get a table, even on weekends, within a reasonable amount of time, and have found the service to be attentive.  Our bartenders have been especially on top of things.  Always a fun time, even if my body doesn't always think so later on in bed that night (too many different types of food and alcohol?  I suppose this is the price of hedonism.)The hostess are polite, but once you're inside, the servers are uniformly surly (one kept kicking my chair and then scowling at me!). Most dishes - tuna tartare, cold shrimp, tomatoes/anchovies on toast (one slice of toast came without anchovies - we didn't bother complaining), some kind of fish croquettes -  were good enough , but either miniscule or underwhelming (or both). The great exception to this is the umi sandwich - totally amazing!!!!!Best meal in Boston.  Period.Toro deserves less than one star.  Service is terrible.  Caveat emptor.1 of my favor spot to dine.  love the corn, beef tong, uni everything.  the only drawback is getting a seat.  i love toroSo far, best dining in Boston...We heard of Toro from out lovely barista at Confusion in Montreal.  Go figure, went to Montreal to get a recommendation on a restaurant back in Boston?!/  Anyway, tried going several weeks back, but it was a 2+hr wait, so that got our attention to the buzz of the place.  Yesterday, on a whim, we decided to drop by to see if we could get a seat.Got a parking space right in front and immediately got seated to the cozy corner table for 2..perfect timing to say the least.  For the meal, here goes:Almost everything was served on bread, so go easy on the nibbling bread tray.-Olives: Can't really mess up olives.-Mussels: Served on toasted bread, cold mussels with high citrus flavor.  Firm; succulent.-Uni Sandwich: Panini-style with generous amounts of sea urchin filling.  Very interesting combination.  But also very tasty.  This was the wife's favorite.-Seared Foie Gras: A healthy-size portion served on bread.  A good foie gras is hard to beat and this was very good.  This was my fav.-Beef Bone Marrow: Sucking out the marrow from a pot of homemade Pho is a Vietnamese treat....therefore; we couldn't resist ordering this delight.  Came out served alongside with shredded stewed beef on top of toast.  The marrow was full of its natural buttery sweetness.  In addition to a bite of meat and bread, it was a warm cozy combination.  So much so, we ordered another one to-go!-Chicken and Escargot Paella: Paella was good, not a show stopper, but the rice was a good choice to finish up our meal.  Wow, all in all, fantastic.  Oh, and the price is just right.  Delicious gourmet delicacies without breaking the bank...if only you can get in!first time here, absolutely amazing. the bone marrow was my favorite. the burgers were a bit on the raw side but still delicious. this has to be my favorite tapas place by far.A friend recomended that I try Toro when I was visiting Boston for work a few weeks ago.  Needless to say I am still thinking about how incredible the experience was for a first time guest.  Since they don't accept reservations I was forced to have a cocktail or two, not such a terrible start.  I ordered the Perro Picante, made with Hendrick's Gin and spicy pepper, and it was fantastic.  Almost challenging to drink due to whatever type of pepper they are using.  My co-worker had wine mixed with coke which is apparently becoming very popular in Europe.  It pretty much tasted like Sangria. We shared a few tapas but the stand out by far was the corn.  I don't normally even like corn on the cob but this may have even been life changing.  It was topped with aged-cheese and a mix of spices, we even used the excess to dip bread. The paella, the dates stuffed with blue-cheese, and the pork belly were also very good.  The only thing, and it was only a small annoyance, was the lack of dessert choices.  Overall I was very impressed with Toro and recommend it to anyone who enjoys creativity in their cuisine and loves to share small plates.Toro serves the best tapas that I have had in Boston. The space is cramped and a little chaotic if you go on a weekend...or a thursday, and they don't take resies so be prepared to wait. The food is certainly wortth waiting for,and in my opinion Toro serves the best tapas/small plates in boston They have a huge tapas/small plates menu with a wide range of flavors and styles. They are famous for the parmesean and herb encrusted corn on the cobb, which honestly didn't blow me away (might have been spoiled by all the hype), but i have had a slew of other plates there that were extremely memorable and bursting with goodness. The one I can't forget is the bone marrow. This is no ordinary slimy bone marrow - it has a rich robust meaty flavor and comes with a foie gras and toasts as well as some other accutrements that I can't remember. But holy ridiculousness. There is also a garlic shrimp that knocked it out of the park, and across the board all the dishes I have had here are unique, flavorful and well exectued. The wine list is also pretty extensive with lots of classic spanish and south american wines (some of the best in my opinion!). Service has always prompt and attentive, and most importantly, calm - even on crazy busy nights. WIN!YUM!!!  I loved my meal.  I was solo and ate at the bar.  Friendly service.  Nice cocktail.  I got the asparagus dish and sardine dish.  I loved both.  Crazy busy and there is a reason why.Used to be one of my favorite places for dinner until I frequented the place last night. We were seated outside and immediately noticed the tables were dirty from all the dust and sand from the sidewalk. After waiting several minutes for our waitress to get to to our table, we gave her our order for five tapas and a pitcher of sangria (which tasted more like flavored water than Sangria). We received our first two tapas plates within a short time frame, however after that nothing. 25 minutes went by and no waitress and no tapas. We finally told the waitress who then checked on the order and came by to reconfirm what we already told her. 10 minutes more we waited. Finally the rest of the orders came out all in short order. Other than a verbal apology by the waitress I felt the customer service was extremely sub par if that and no real commitment by the waitress to have the manager or someone come to see if they could make up for the long wait.  Needless to say not one of my favorite places for tapas. The restaurant experience is more than just the food but about the service as well.Possibly one of the best meals I've had in a long time!  I went here with a few friends and sat at the bar.  The sangria was delicious, the service was fantastic and the food was amazing.  We ordered the corn by default (they ran out of something we wanted) and I've been dreaming of it ever since!  Every dish was amazing and overall, the best tapas I've had in Boston.  Did I mention how good the corn was?  Just one piece of advice - watch the meters if you drive.  I got a ticket because it turns to residential parking after a certain time.3.5-4 starsI heard a lot of hype about this tapas place in the South End.  I don't believe I met a single person who told me any downsides to this place.  The service is definitely good and quick but you easily get the sense they want you to eat and leave so they can seat the next customer because we were asked on more than one occasion if our order was complete or would we be anticipating another plate--nonetheless good service is good service.  As far as the food, the place was average to above average with the exception of one great dish (it is really good!).  We ordered relatively standard items (Spanish tortilla, garlic shrimp, Anna's empanadas, patatas bravas, Kobe beef burgers (a bit rare though ordered medium well), and the corn.  The corn is an just an outstanding, simple tasty treat. We did not try some of the more interesting tapas I must say but I have gone back and they are all generally above average.  The other dishes while good were not stellar.  However, the menu has a lot to offer which would make me recommend the place to others.I been to many many restaurant in Boston, by far this is my Favorite Place!!!!!It took me a long time to make it to Toro but it was well worth it. The wait for dinner on a Monday night was 1.5 hours but, again, it was well worth it. The flavors here are amazing! Once we sat down for dinner, the dishes came out quickly. I was actually overwhelmed by the food; so much so that I need to return so I can really pay attention and write a more concise review of this place. At this point all I can say is it really does deserve 5 stars. Well done Toro!If you like Tapas then you have to go to Toro, no questions asked.love the sharing plates ken!heard about the corn, and yes, it is as great as its reputation.  i thought the wine selection was VERY impressive and bought a reasonable AN/2...perfect.  ate patatas gravas, had some yummy humus, tortilla espanola (de-LISH!) and shortribs.  didn't eat a heck of a lot, but i'll be back again for more.  the menu has an imaginative selection...nice job!Took my girlfriend on our first date to this restaurant.  We went on a friday night and as expected, the wait was terrible.  We stood around for close to an hour having drinks and getting to know each other.  When we finally got a table and ordered dinner though, we were not disappointed.  The food was outstanding.  The corn on the cob with cheese plate is one of the best things I've ever eaten.  We also had a venison plate (a special that evening) that was incredible.   So basically as long as you know what you're getting yourself into with this place, it's definitely worth the waitthe food was devastatingly good!! though the place is so chaotic and packed, it kinda takes away from the experience. can't really take my time to enjoy the delicious food this place has, with other hungry patrons, intoxicated by the wonderful smell, staring hatefully to hurry me along my every bite.go early, like 5:30 - 6, and stake your claim to a table.yet again another fantastic meal at toro last night. i had this fantastic fall salad of heirloom squash, maitake mushrooms, crispy jamon, pepitas and brussel sprouts. beautifully balanced. a wonderful autumn dish. and i had such sweet dreams after having the best duck i've ever had.  it was smoked duck drummettes with quince glaze. perfectly cooked. sticky, sweet and smoky!  viva pato con membrillo! also it was industry night. Maine was the theme. awesome! coffee brandy and cheap champagne! love it!Love this place! Awesome for vegetarians..the chilis, potatoes, corn, etc was all good. Also had churros with chocolate sauce super yummy. Wasn't super fond of the cauliflower dish..but the other things were soo yummy that I still love the place. I've been there twice so far, and I plan to go again =)Went to Toro a few months ago and I still can not stop thinking about it. I am returning to Boston next week and hope we will be able to go back. Everything we had was amazing, but the foie gras was the stand out for me. To date, it is the best thing I have ever tasted. This place was amazing. My brother and I were on a food tour of some of the most highly rated restaurants of Boston that week and through each meal were amusing ourselves with slight critiques of the food we were eating. We both agreed at Toro, there was nothing for us to criticize. Everything we had was perfectly balanced and delicious. By the rave reviews and my own experience, I don't think you can go wrong here.i could eat at Toro every night of the week for about a year!! i've been seven times and although every experience has been different(sat inside, outside, at the bar) i have thoroughly enjoyed the food each and every time. no reservations and a popular restaurant amount to long wait times during the busy hours, but it's well worth it. have a couple of drinks at the bar and trust that you will be wowed by the food offerings. also, toro is best enjoyed, in my opinion, by parties of four or fewer, it's difficult to share the food and wait times are longer for bigger parties.Food was delicious! The place is a tad small, and as a result, can get extremely noisy. Also, there is not much room in terms of waiting for your table, but once you are seated, the food is worth the wait. We ordered a variety of tapas and the food was great! The staff was also friendly, and the wait was decent with a reservation.outstanding tapas restaurant.  So many dishes to choose from and they all are done to perfection.  Great atmosphere, wonderful service.  The South End is packed with great food around every corner, yet this place stands out.  A must-try spot.Would give it 5 stars if the place wasn't so cramped, but the food/drink/ambience otherwise is fantastic.My wife and I ate here on Saturday evening, after a lovely day at the Museum of Fine Arts. MFA closed at 5, and we went directly to Toro on the spur of the moment. We are from out of town (Maryland) and I had this restaurant on a list of places to try in Boston. We had tapas and red Spanish wine. We asked the waitress for recommendations both on the tapas and the wine. Everything was outstanding: fabulous tapas, fabulous wine, excellent service. We ate white anchovies, smoked eggplant, raw tuna with fermented beans, and brussels sprouts.  The wines were Coto de Imaz Rioja and Avaniel Tempranillo. It felt like we were back in Spain: fresh, vibrant flavors, simply prepared and served. Atmosphere was lovely, a bit tight on the tables (we couldn't help but hear the conversations on either side of us), but not obnoxiously so.Go! And go early! It can get crazy crowded. The food was great, the wine list was perfect (something for everyone) and the atmosphere loud but lively and engaging.Does this place need another 5 star review? Yep!  Food is insanely good. No need for an essay, just go and you'll believe the hype.My bf and I stumbled across this place for brunch on vacation in Boston. I thought brunch tapas would be great. For the most part that was true. The steak was amazing, as was the hummus and the potatoes. The churros were also super good. The empanadas were kinda heavy and weird. I think they would have gotten 5 stars from me if the service was better. I realize it was a busy Sunday brunch but there were longggg periods of time where no one was around. The food made his place worth it. A Boston must visit!Still my favorite tapas bar after living in Boston two full years now.  The menu is always changing, the vibe is always high energy, and the service staff is on the ball.  Try the Nantucket Mule while you're waiting for your table!  Though the menu changes frequently, they always have their signature corn-on-the-cob which is out of this world, and even better, they always have a foie gras prepared in various ways - sublime!I took the wife here for our anniversary not knowing what to expect, but I thought paella was a good idea.  We had a really good time.  Drove into town early Sunday evening, found a parking spot a couple of blocks down on Washington, and were seated right away.  The waitress was very nice and offered enough help.  The wine was very good.  The pork belly blew me away, but the tuna tartare was just ok.  The paella was awesome.  It had great flavors, and a great ratio of seafood, chorizo, and chicken to rice.  It was all gone by the end.  Unfortunately, they were out of the bone marrow, but we will have to make another trip to try that one.Great atmosphere, about an hour wait on a Friday night, which is expected.  Very polite door and wait staff, great music.  The food was okay, nothing spectacular and it's a little pricey for tapas.Oh my gosh...this place is awesome! We arrived around 6:30 and didn't have to wait for a table but within 30 minutes the place was packed. The entire meal was outstanding! I am gluten free and the wait staff was knowledgeable and extremely helpful. Can't wait to eat here again!I live near Toro, but it took me several months to search this place out.  Once I did, my wife and I have been back at least monthly.  The Maíz Asado con Alioli y Queso Cotija (It is corn on the cob) is probably one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth.  I can't even say enough about how good this corn tastes.  Lastly, but still awesome is that Toro sells 16 oz PBR cans for a dollar.  It isn't on the menu, but Toro is the home of dollar PBRs.One of our new favorites! A shout out to Jen, one of the bartenders, who was very helpful and friendly on our first visit over the weekend. She had great recommendations - the corn, the baked fish, the marrow - all delicious, and reasonably priced. We had a great time and plan to be back soon.Toro's food is amazing!  My friends and I went during Restaurant Week and waited over an hour for our reservation, however, the staff were extremely pleasant and apologetic.  Highly recommend!Wow.just wow.first of all, i would like to start by saying i am not usually a fan of tapas.the idea of it is great- small dishes to be shared amongst friends. so far i've haven't found a good tapas place. i've been to tasca in brighton and another tapas place in copley ( dont remember the name). they've all been so so.i went here for restaurant week and i was completely blown away by the food.the corn, pork belly, veal sweetbread, bone marrow, umi sandwich, foie gras... those were all amazing.the drinks were great. i also liked that they didnt rush us. toro is amazing busy.we had a full long 2 hr dinner.i was able to make a reservation because of restaurant week. but normally- the wait is 1-2 hrs.i will gladly wait 2 hrs to come here.i've never had a favorite restaurant in boston before. this is hands down my favorite.everything was just melt in your mouth goodness.i will note that a few of the meat dishes were so so. the duck was a bit dry. as was the cola chicken wings.i wasn't a fan of the tongue. nor did i really like the yellowfin tuna.This place was hyped up to me by friends and colleagues.  However, when a couple of my friends and I went, I didn't find anything special.  The food was good, but overpriced and heavy/greasy.  It was exceptionally noisy, and because it was so busy (we arrived a little after 6 on a friday night) the waitstaff was rushing us with our drinks and food.  Customers waiting for a table acually stepped over as we were finishing drinks and dessert and asked us how much longer we were going to take, because they wanted a seat.  The hostess saw this but didn't do a thing, presumably because she wanted fast turnover as much as people who couldn't bother to make a reservation.  Overall, I've experienced much better elsewhere for a much better price and ambience.  Skip it if you're a true foodie.For casual tapas done is a hip setting- this is a place. The lines and waits are long, but well worth it. The smoked beef heart pincho is amazing and there are always twenty things that I want to order. Its a great place to meet with friends and order a bunch of plates and have a good time. It is loud and fun- so make sure you have the right crowd for such a night. But this is a home run.European atmosphere and very laid-back.  I am never disappointed withe their food.  I cannot recommend more.  I did not wait as I went to weekday lunch.  Garlic shrimp is fantastic, eggplant with red pepper roast thing is so tasty, steak was melting on my tongue...small portion, reasonable price, nice environment. you can try different amazing dishes without over eating and wallet bleeding. try the kobe beef mini burger, it is awesome.Visiting from out of town, my husband and I came for dinner Labor Day weekend (Sunday night).  Had an awesome experience.  The Sangria was great, and we LOVED the Seafood Paella (got a half order).   I wish I lived in the area so I could come and eat it all the time.  Other things we tried were the cod fritters - just ok.  The Atun Crudo- I thought was great, my husband didn't like the fermented beans on top (without the beans, he enjoyed) and the Zucchini - which we both enjoyed.   The service was good and the Paella alone is enough for me to say this is a must-do place.  Loved the atmosphere and decor also.Tried this place tonight with three of my coworkers. The first time there but definately not the last. Upon entering, you'll notice that the place is very small and can seem overly crowded, especially if you're standing at the bar waiting for your table. I found this to be a negative. The restaurant has a great eclectic ambience though. (positive). Toro does not take reservations for dinner (negative). Our party of four had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. Not bad at all, however it was a Monday night. I cringe thinking of what the wait would be like on a Friday or Saturday night. Once seated, I had a somewhat difficult time reading the menu due to the dim lighting (negative). My friends and I ordered our first round of tapas, which where delivered to our table promptly by the efficient and polite wait staff (positive). Once I started sampling the delectable dishes, all negatives were negated. The food is fantastic and it's a wonderful way to experiment with new foods and flavors! Portions are small but they're cheaper than a full priced entree or appetizer so it's a great way to sample new tastes. Many times I've perused a menu and thought "I'd like to try that but don't want to pay that much for something I may not like."           We sampled the braised beef short ribs with bacon, mushrooms and pearl onions......smoked pork bellies.....marinated olives.......mussels with garlic confit, fennel and sherry vinegar.....beef heart.......smoked eggplant with onions, peppers, tomatoes, sherry vinegar and olive oil.....garlic shrimp....grilled corn with alioli, lime and aged cheese (the unanimous favorite!!).....sushi tuna with fermented black beans and ginger...sweetbreads. We then ordered the large paella valencia which had a nice proportion of mussels, clams, chicken and chorizo sausage.             Since the portions are so small, this is a great place to be adventuresome and sample new foods. I tried both the sweetbreads (thymus gland) and beef heart. Two things I never thought I'd put in my mouth but to my surprise, I liked both!             Will definately make a return trip!! Definately recommendedtried the lunch on Sun. It is really good! Definitely will try the dinner soonI happened upon Toro last night for dinner, since it was in walking distance from my hotel. Once I walked in you could tell it had a great vibe.  I was alone, so found a place at the bar near the open kitchen side, offering me a great view of the dishes being prepared.  It's a Tapas restaurant with a very nice menu.  This is definitely out of my food comfort zone and started with a dish I don't even think I would have ever ordered, Datiles con Jamon, which was dates stuffed with almonds, blue cheese and wrapped in Serrano, wow, great, what else to say. Followed by Costilla a la Cazadora, braised short ribs, with sherry, onions, and mushrooms.  Again awesome, used my bread to get all the sauce. Bartender was great, nice conversation in the bar, no televisions I think add to this.  I will go backAmazing tapas. The corn and oysters are to die for! Best tapas in Boston.Good food, lovely bar but impossible to get a seat.I do not think I could have possibly enjoyed my dinner more.  When we arrived we valeted the car ($14) and were told there would be a 45 minute wait.  We fully expected to wait and went over to the far end of the bar and ordered drinks.  I got the pink poodle ($12) and my boyfriend got the honey badger ($11).  Both were delicious.  We ended up dining at the bar as two spots opened faster than a table came available.  We are adventurous eaters and Toro has plenty of options to satisfy.  They do have more basic options as well, for those scared of tongue, heart, foie gras and so on.  Started out with the foie with persimmon chutney ($10) and the uni bocadillo ($8).  Both were decadent, the foie portion was small, but it was rich and the flavor really packed a punch.  We also tried the pork belly, the roasted bone marrow (my favorite) and the tuna crudo.  Every plate was unique and I'm sure there wasn't a party in the place that ordered the same items.. there are so many things to choose from.  For $100 (we also had a glass of wine each) plus tip, this was well worth the money.  Their menu changes daily, so I can't wait to go back and try more!one of my favorites restaurant in town ... grilled corn just amazing !!!!!!As always the food at Toro is very good. Unfortunately my dining experience was quite uncomfortable this time. The hostess and the runners were excellent. My waitress was quite nice in the beginning but things get weird throughout my dinner.  I happened to sit next to one of the "regular". Our waitress constantly checked on them while only checked on my table once. I am not someone who need tons of attention but offering to refill water for her "regular" who sits next to us and completely ignoring our empty glasses were quite unacceptable. Thanks to the awesome runner. She filled our water for us when she checked on our table. The "regular" also get their check immediately while we hv to wait abt 5 mins although we asked for the check the same time. As far as I know, I pay the same price as the "regular". Why is there a double standard in service? All in all I still give it a 4 star for the great food and awesome runners and hostessthis place is always packed - food is good and its a fun atmosphere - definately would go backsangria, stuffed dates and catalan stew... do it.Within the last couple of hours, we've just ENJOYED the Boston Restaurant Week special at El Toro for $33. Boy oh boy, did the four of us have a great time. From the Pinchos appetizers, to our selection of 10 luscious tapas varieties for the table of four, we luxuriated. Highlights for me were the gambas al ajillo, the chicken empanadas, the salt cod (OMG!, amazing) and the beet salad. Seafood is a specialty I guess, there's a great variety of it on the menu. We went for the second cheapest bottle of wine and enjoyed it thoroughly. I wasn't blown away by the dessert, sort of a Spanish pate a choux with spicy chocolate sauce, but it, like everything else, was beautifully prepared. The service was fast, and very friendly and professional. No doubt the place was crowded on a Monday night because of Restaurant Week, but I was impressed that it was jammed. We will *definitely* be back. What a find!At first, I wasn't sure if I would like Toro. But, when I got there a lot of the people seemed to be enjoying it, so, I gave it a chance. It was very, very crowded and noisy. And it took about 40 minutes for us to get seated, and this was on a slow day. They serve complimentary bread. The first piece I had wasn't a pleasant taste. It tasted, stale, and it was cold. But the next piece was better. I decided to order the Hummus platter. The Hummus was A-MA-ZING!!!!!! It wasn't the average hummus. It tasted sort of smooth on my tongue. Then we ordered the corn. It was supposedly very, very popular and yummy. The evidence was that everyone at the long table had ordered it and shared it with the people they were with. When my family ordered it, I didn't want to try it because of the feta cheese and creamy butter on it. So, I removed the feta cheese and tried it. It was pretty good. The taste was different, but, I came around to like it sooner than I realized. For dessert I ordered the churros. They were to die for. There was a hot chocolate sauce to dip them in and at the end I just drank the sauce. I do think the service was terrific. The waiters were attentive and nice. I do think Toro was a risk worth taking. And in the end, as I thought about it, I realized I did, actually like it. Though they could get a bigger place. It does get awfully crowded in there.