The real MVPs are the ones making the pastrami sandwiches.#19 all the way! Cole slaw, pastrami and swiss cheese delicately placed between two slices of white bread is absolute heaven on earth.Come early to beat the lines!!!Their famous pastrami sandwich is definitely the best in the business. I do have to mention that it is worth trying once. Paying around 20 bucks again for a sandwich and dealing with an anxiety attack as you notice a long line and servers running around at 100 mph is up to you.*** JBF America's Classic #5 *** Everyone comes here for the famous #19 - Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, and Cole Slaw with Russian Style Dressing - but if you are planning to get something different, make sure to study the menu ahead of time and be prepared to order.  There are no substitutions (something I definitely appreciate, but was not prepared for) and I felt very under the gun when the not overly friendly server came to take our order (think soup nazi - she was like the sandwich nazi - no, I could not have swiss, bacon, tomato and turkey on rye because it was not an item on their menu).  The menu is VERY large so you'll undoubtedly be able to find something that you want, but it may take you a while to locate the exact item on the menu. I ended up with the club, which was pretty close - tomato, bacon, and turkey on sourdough. Not a particularly unique menu item, but probably the best one that I've ever had.  The bread was perfectly toasted and the sandwich didn't fall apart when I picked up.  It was HUGE, and I had enough for two meals.We ordered a side of latkes (potato pancakes), which you can order as a side for $3 each. A great starter / alternative to french fries, they are not too greasy and served nice and crispy, just how I like them.  They are served with a generous serving of apple sauce and sour cream.I expected the line to be much longer at 1 pm on Saturday during 4th of July Weekend, but we made it to the front of the line in about 5 minutes. You need to put your name on the hostess' list as well as stand in the line which is roped off like an amusement park ride.Oddly, they do not have turkey pastrami on their menu (most jewish delis do), but I guess they choose to focus on the "real" thing when it comes to pastrami.  Although not a red meat eater, I took a bite of my bf's pastrami and can say that it was very flavorful, and it, like my club, did not fall apart when picked up.  He said that it's about as good as pastrami can get.Not particularly cheap for a jewish deli on Alvarado street ($50+ after tip for 2 sandwiches and a side of latkes) but definitely something worth experiencing at least once.Ok...shut up and take my money!Rye bread and coleslaw had never tasted so good until they met the pastrami at Langer's. Normally I would not get the Rye bread, and I don't like coleslaw. But the juice, greasy, thick slices of pastrami at Langer's just brings the family all together into a unbelievably yummy sandwich. URGH, just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Sure, it's like $15 bucks for a sandwich, and subway has $5 footlongs all day, and after tax and stuff, its like almost $17 for that famous #19. Here's a little trick to make yourself feel slightly better about spending that dough. It's the BEST IN LA. ITS THE BEST IN LA. I always have to tell myself that. No joke.Best Pastrami sandwich in LA. Hands down. Hope they never change. Except for maybe their hours of operations. They close super early on weekdays, and closed on Sundays. Every time I'm here, It's always on a Saturday. So if I am ever in DTLA on a weekday looking for lunch, you'll know where I'll be at.We stopped here for pastrami sandwiches to go (there is a sit down restaurant side) and were impressed with the all choices in the deli case. There was a long line, and the process of getting served was a bit disorganized, but the sandwiches were very good.Even though this place has all the great reviews that it needs, I do need to pile it on.Been coming here for many years. Still probably the best pastrami I've ever had. If anyone who likes pastrami has not been here, you are making a HUGE mistake.I know that in certain circles there is a discussion about whether Langer's or Katz's (in New York) has the best pastrami in the country. Someday I will weight in on it. But for now, I just cannot imagine it being any better. And even when there is a long line, it moves very quickly because there really is a lot of room inside.Great pastrami! Will go only on cheat days!Bottom Line:  This is the realest deal there is in town for a legit deli sammitch.  There is a reason the walls are decorated with accolades..... get yer tookus in a #19 lickity split style.       Im not even sure how this is possible; I hit every single green light from Miracle Mile to downtown.  I had some bidness to take care of amidst the skyscrapers, close on the tail of which was the elusive #19 at Langers......the one that got away.... Let me back up a bit.  A few years ago I was the lucky recipient of a rear-ending from a City owned industrial sized lawn mower that sent my me and my motorcycle airborne and into a Cop (I $hit you not this is a true story - i848.photobucket.com/alb…) and they were gracious enough to stall me for TWO YEARS in court hoping I would give up.    During this period I attempted several times to obtain said #19 for my belly.        Sandwich procurement proved to be more difficult than previously anticipated (also they close at 3 - so you have to get out of bed suuuuper early).          At the end of the case I was finally awarded a little less than half what it would cost to fix my poor motorcycle and my victory lap included acquiring a certain #19.....but my elusive prize would have wait, yet again.     This brings us to the present post-epic green light run toward downtown.  Mischief managed, I found myself sitting at the counter in the packed Deli at the tail end of the hump day lunch rush.  I ordered my lunch and I kid you not it was sitting in front of me in less than two minutes in all its hot pastrami on rye glory.     Now this thing ain't cheap - $15 - but its big, the ingredients are very fresh and it's just freakin good.  I loved it.     I would go back more often but dropping double-Hamoltins on a lunchtime grinder is a bit steep, especially since Jr. came along but man whenever I can manage it, Im going to pop down here for a victory sandwich.You gotta try Langer's infamous #19 at least once in your life. It's their most popular sandwich - hot pastrami, cole slaw, Russian dressing, and a slice of Swiss cheese on baked rye bread. It was so good I ended up finishing both halves of my sandwich rather than saving one for later like I intended to. Add on a plate of their fries (make it loaded with chili, cheese, and more pastrami if you dare) and you're set!I love the set up of this restaurant - it's got the old diner feel to it with their counters and booths. I always enjoy myself every time I dine here!Unbelievably good Pastrami! The best I've ever had. I would put their pastrami up against anyone's nation wide and am certain Langers would come out the winner. If you haven't tried this place and love pastrami get here! As far as servers go, Barbara is the best! She's always on top of things and is always pleasant.Langer's gets 5 stars because it's a place you should eat when you're visiting Los Angeles.I first heard about the famous #19 pastrami, Swiss cheese, and coleslaw on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate. Five years later (today) I ordered the sandwich.I've been dreaming about the sandwich for 5 years and I had it all wrong. I thought it was going to be a heavy, sloppy monstrosity - instead it was a delicate, refined exercise in balanced flavor. The pastrami provides fate salt, and warmth, the coleslaw provides acid and cool crunchy texture, the cheese provides a touch of bitterness and the slightly toasted rye bread brings in yet another texture and flavor.Do check it out and enjoy.I've been here multiple times and I always get the #19. SO GOOD. The pastrami is amazing and Russian dressing is so nice. I normally don't like cole slaw, but it's really good on this sandwich. The rye bread is also very good with a nice contrasting flavor. Trust me when I say #19 is fantastic as is. The rye crust is a bit crunchy to provide a nice contrast in texture, but I would say it's almost, just almost, a little too hard. But again, the pastrami. It's so good. I just got my wisdom teeth removed, so I have empty sockets where the teeth used to be. Food gets stuck and I have to use a syringe after every meal to flush out the food that gets stuck. It's kinda gross, but I absolutely can't wait to get home and syringe, because I'm going to use a strainer and catch all the pastrami that comes out and savor that delicious pastrami all over again. In addition to the #19, the chili cheese fries are also very good, and I am making it a point to try different types of bread next time. I LOVE THIS PLACE.danThe date of this review is June 23, 2014.My wife and I were shopping at the Macy Plaza in Downtown L.A. We decided to take the Metro and have lunch at Langer's. We got off the train and walked to 7th and Alvarado Street. We both were scared walking as many people looked at us strangely and in an awkward manner. We clearly felt we did not belong there.We both decided to have the famous #19. Although the taste was good, but not overwhelming, we both felt that the pastrami sandwich at Brent's Delicatessen & Restaurant in the San Fernando Valley was a better choice with a better value. The service at Langer's was acceptable and courteous.On our way back to the Metro station we were approached by people who spoke to us in Spanish and tried to sell us something. Naturally we were scared and uncomfortable but we got to downtown safely.Langer's closes at 4:00 pm and now we understand why. It is because it's a dangerous area. We will never return to Langer's, instead we will stick with Brent's in the Valley. Two stars are deducted for our scary experience.My husband, small son and I were in LA for the day and were driving around looking for somewhere to eat. (When we're out and about we usually eat at local-non-chain restaurants). We happened to pass Langer's as it just kind of sits on a busy corner, near downtown. We experienced professionalism, friendliness, and the buzz of a very busy and well packed restaurant. The smells and environment led to the difficulty in deciding what to order, as everything on the menu sounded delicious.  When in an unfamiliar place I always look at what the locals have ordered and what the meal of the day is. All I noticed was that pastrami was everywhere Pastrami chili fries to pastrami sandwiches with Russian Cole slaw. My mind was made up. My husband and I ordered the pastrami with russian coleslaw. When it came it to the table it was perfect,  juicy, thick, enough to handle and filling. We were very happy to have happened upon this restaurant. Upon leaving, a huge line was making its way out the door amongst an already packedrrestaurant.  By the way, I dont know the name of the waitress,  but she had been there for twenty years and was very happy to help us.Wow ... I haven't felt the need to write a review for a restaurant yet ... until now ... I have been wanting to come to Langers Deli for the longest time ... for their world famous pastrami ... I love pastrami & when I heard this was "world famous" - I now understand why ...Since it was my 1st time, I ordered the #19, which is basically toasted rye bread (with a wonderful chewy soft center) swiss cheese & cole slaw, embedding the beautifully crafted mound of meat they call pastrami ... who knew that heaven could be put in a sandwich?  The pastrami was oh-i-will-melt-in-your-mouth greatness ... it was like a big stick of butter that would dissolve beautifully in a hot pan ... sigh.  =]It was a big sandwich (I enjoyed a 1/4 of it) ... I also had the chili cheese fries (great for one & if you want, you can have them lather it with a bath of pastrami on top - I was tempted to do it, but didn't want to overkill for the 1st visit!) & a piping hot bowl of their chicken noodle soup (initially had a cup, but Mareko felt it was necessary to eat all of the noodles from it - & i caved & ordered a bowl!) - both of which were excellent in their own right ... The staff is great - everyone is quite attentive & friendly ... it's pricing is expected of a deli (~$15 for my sandwich, sans fries) & parking is either street parking or you can park for 90minutes (with validation) @ the Langers parking lot on 7th & Westlake.  The restaurant is right across the street from MacArthur park, if you feel guilty for eating too much & are in dire need to exercise!   All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed all of the food & I definitely recommend it for those of you that love pastrami - it's too bad they're only open until 4pm (they should be open 24hrs for pastrami take out)!  =]Tried curbside pick-up twice on Saturdays, once at 10:35 am and once at noon. Supposedly, they notice your car and come out to give you food and accept the tab. Both times I had to get out of my car to tell them I was outside. Other than those instances I've had great experiences dining at Langers. I always order #1, pastrami, cole slaw on rye. But most order #19 with Swiss cheese. And an order of fries. Every time, the sandwiches are consistently delicious and the pastrami is great quality, not overly salty and not overly fatty. $15 for a sandwich is pricey but it's a decent-sized portion and worth it.My son sent me a mountain of Pastrami and a large loaf of  Rye  from California to New Jersey for Father's Day. Perfect gift. Had curbside service about a year ago with same plus Matzo Ball Soup. The pastrami is lean thick and delicious. Rivals the East Coast. California is not all Fruits and Nuts.If I had to choose a last meal for whatever reason it would probably be a pastrami on rye with a nice cold beer. Langer's has probably been on my Yelp Bookmarks since I started Yelping about three and a half years ago.   Thank you to my good friend and Yelper Mel D. for suggesting that we meet there for brunch.  I'm glad we could go there for the first time together.  Come to find out I have a bunch of friends that have this restaurant on their Bookmarks too.Food:  4/5 StarsI ordered the infamous #19 which consisted of pastrami, Swiss cheese, cole slaw (on the sandwich) and Russian dressing on rye for $15.95.  Mel ordered the corned beef hash which comes with three eggs and toast for $11.50.  I really loved my sandwich, but wish I could have split it with someone because a 1/2 was about all I could eat.   I had a bite of the corned beef hash and that was good. Service:  4/5 StarsOur server was very good.  She brought us beverages (nothing alcoholic unfortunately), but 10:30 a.m. in the morning was a little early for a beer to go with my sandwich.  She stopped by to offer Mel a refill on her iced tea, but forgot to ask me if I wanted some more water since my glass was almost empty.  I guess I could have flagged her down, but sometimes you just don't want to have to do that.Atmosphere:  4/5 StarsIt is nice once you get inside the restaurant.  It's been there 66 years, but it's clean and you don't feel you are catty-corner to MacArthur Park.  I was happy I was wearing my little cross body bag to walk the one block from my car to the restaurant.   Parking:  5/5 StarsUsually I do my research ahead of time, but I spaced out and didn't read that they have their own lot which is a block northeast of the restaurant.  They will validate your parking for 90 minutes.  I was lucky and found metered parking around the corner.Recommendation:I would definitely come back again when I want a good sandwich or something else.After two months of dieting, I needed to hit some places and enjoy some comfort food. As the date approached, I learned of this deli in LA (my new home) that may cure for my longing for the East Coast.The pastrami was yummy. I can't claim to be a connoisseur, but it was about as good as I've had. Carnegie and Katz's are overrated, but this one was Goldilocks - just right. Prices are expensive, as usual, but the amount of food is not as overwhelming as those in the East Coast, a poorer value proposition but you aren't stuck with leftovers.Latkes were fine, and the blintzes were a bit too sweet for me but, again, not a connoisseur. Will need to go back and try the matzoh ball soup.Warning: Be prepared to wait in line, but the line is not too long (20 min in my experience) and it's great for people-watching and engaging with other peeps in line. It certainly is not part of the restaurant experience a la New Haven pizza.Yep 5 stars for their Pastrami.After a nice run in Griffith park, we were starved. So since I never been to Langer's deli and my friends were avid goers, we had to go!I went with the infamous #19 (Pastrami, cheddar cheese, and coleslaw on rye). Oh my, so tender, so juicy. $16 was a bit pricey for a sandwich but it was delicious.The famous #19 lives up to the hype and more. Here, like all good delis, the star is the meat. The rye bread just serves as a vehicle for the most impossibly tender, juicy, succulent pastrami you've ever had. The cole slaw and cheese add extra dimensions, but the Pastrami is so good, it doesn't need anything. This pastrami restores my faith in humanity. The warm, thick cut pastrami melts in your mouth. It's so comforting, as it dissolved in my mouth, I disappeared into it. It was just me and Langers #19, blissfully oblivious of the cold changing world around us. Me on my Pegasus, flying above all the turmoil of life, holding the pastrami close to my mouth, and my heart. Yes it's expensive, but most good quality deli sandwiches are, and this is one of a kind. It's big enough to eat for two meals especially if you get a side. Basically, if you don't like Langers, then you probably don't love sandwiches, and then you should just find your bliss and your unicorn somewhere else.Okay I'm reading all these different reviews saying the price is too high, there's not enough meat and whatever other bull crap people think of and it makes me shake my head.  Langer's has the most tender and delicious pastrami I've ever tasted. If you're looking for something dry like Canters or overly salty that you're dehydrated like The Hat, just march out of there and leave the seat for someone that appreciates the deliciousness that is Langer's.  The only thing I would recommend is to add the atomic mustard from Cole's, sneak that in at your own risk!  I've only done it once and I didn't get any heat about it so there really isn't much risk in it.  Just remember to be present so that you can fully enjoy your sandwich.  Give it your full attention and don't let anyone or anything distract you from enjoying the pastrami.  I can't choose a favorite sandwich, they're like children, there are no favorites,  but sometimes you enjoy one kid's company over the other on certain days.  Eat it there, don't take it to go and eat it hours later because it will not taste the same!On landing in Los Angeles, a foodie friend told us that he hoped we'd be going to Langer's for one of our meals here. With a recommendation like that, how could we pass it up? So we made a bee-line for there on our first full day to have lunch, and even made sure to skip breakfast in the expectation it would turn out to be a heavy sandwich along the lines of what you get at some of the places in New York City.After trying to find parking on the street, we realised that there is a parking lot for the restaurant down the street, and since we were there fairly early (11:45am) we got into the lot--and the restaurant--very quickly, without a wait. The pastrami is clearly their big deal dish, so my partner and I both ordered a #6, pastrami on rye with Russian dressing and cole slaw. The waitress asked us if we wanted fries with that, which we passed on, though we noticed that nearly every other table ordered some. While waiting for our sandwiches, we enjoyed a beverage--they have their own cream soda, which I can recommend--and a waiter offered to bring us some extra pickles while we waited. Eventually the sandwiches arrived, and they were excellent--the meat was warm, flavourful and not too fatty, and the dressing (which we asked for on the side) was a good complement to it. The bread was especially good, with crisp crust and a soft centre, better than any I have tried in recent memory. The restaurant can definitely get busy, so if you're in a hurry you might want to arrive early for lunch.Finally took care of my oldest bookmark!I've been meaning to try Langer's for years, even before I started yelping. Their #19 pastrami on rye was something I was dying to try but when I finally did, it was a little disappointing. While it was a good pastrami sandwich, it just did not live up to the hype for me... Plus the food here is a little pricey although that's typical of Jewish delis.The fries, which were nothing special didn't come out until the end of the meal. The barley, mushroom, giblets soup was okay.I'm not sure if I would come out of my way to eat here again.Right when you walk in you can smell that tender, soft and flavorful pastrami. I came on a Saturday at 230pm which was super clutch. There were sectioned off line things on the outside that probably helped organize people during lunch time. Walked right in to the bar area. Corona and #19 was the perfect combo. Albeit $16 dollars for a sandwich seems ridic but the quality of the meat and coleslaw... bomb. we also shared some chilli cheese fries which were pretty ordinary. the sandwich doe.. bomb. that is all you come here for. quicktip- closed on Sundays and everyday after 4pm. street parking and depending on the time of day might be tough but well worth it!Love love love the pastrami here! I'm not a big fan of sandwiches but the pastrami sandwich here is absolutely amazing. The outside of the this place is kinda crappy which is why I never attempted to walk in while passing by the place but the inside is a completely different world.#19 pastrami, rye, Cole slaw, swiss, all I have to say is yum.  Just the right amount of meat.  Flavorful through every bite.Corned beef egg omelets were a delight, although a little salty, but otherwise all mixed together with egg in a pancake style.  Good potatoes as well.Yah.... this place is pretty damn good. I tried the pastrami with coleslaw... and they do a really good job on their pastrami. I like how they steam the pastrami as that is what locks in the moisture.On a side note while walking to langer's i found a place that will make me Fake ID;s and passports lol....anwayys, it would be a 5 star, but i knocked it down a star due to the high cost of the food. its overpriced.... but good food....Don't do anything stupid just get the 19 eat it and leave fat and happy.Plain and simple: #19 is where it's at! (and for someone who isn't a super fan of pastrami anyway, that says a lot). Sure, the sandwiches are hefty & pricey, but what's life without a little splurge once in a while?I'm sure everything else is wonderful here, but I honestly haven't tried anything other than the #19. Get your mitts on one; you won't regret it. Serio.Langer's has been one of those places where I've heard about a lot and seen tons of pictures for, but only recently visited. I came here for a late lunch (probably 2pm on a Saturday) and there was still a decent line outside, but we were seated shortly.My bf and I ordered the #44 hot pastrami with sauerkraut on rye, chilli cheese fries, and a bowl of Matzo ball soup. This was our first time ever having Matzo ball soup so I don't have anything to compare it with. However, it wasn't anything too special in my opinion so I probably wouldn't order it again -- at least not here. The pastrami did not disappoint. In fact, it was amazing. Thinking about the tender, flavorful pieces of pastrami right now makes me want a bite. The slices of pastrami were thick and not fatty. The chilli cheese fries portion was generous (I guess it had to be for $6.95) but not enough chilli in my opinion. I felt like I dipped most of my fries in ketchup. Oh well, not a big deal.It was a good thing we shared because we were stuffed by the end of our meal. My only complaint would be the pricing and parking. Although they have a private lot where they offer validation, it was full even at an off time. We were able to snag street parking though. I'll definitely be back for that pastrami though..I have heard their ads on sports radio all the time. I was up in LA, so I figured I would give it a whirl. I didn't even look at a menu or prices, just walked up to the take out area and ordered a #19 to go. I got it and they rang me up for JUST the sandwich and it was $17.50!!!! For a sandwich! No chips, no drink, just the sandwich. I'm giving it 3 stars because the sandwich was pretty good.....I wouldn't say the greatest pastrami sandwich, but it was up there. But $17.50 for a SANDWICH?! WTF?!They are doing something right because there is always a line to get in.Yes, Langer's pastrami sandwich is as good as it gets for L.A. It's almost as comparable to Katz Deli in NYC. ALMOST, by a long shot, but since I'm in LA & Katz is in NY then I would have to come back here for the pastrami sandwich because it's THAT good (:So I tried this place because I heard they make a delicious pastrami sandwich. When I sat down, I ordered their famous pastrami sandwich, which had a large display on their counter-top display brochure. The brochure showed the sandwich in all its glory along with a description of the sandwich.Surprisingly, I couldn't find the price of the sandwich even though it was advertised so boldly on the brochure. Now, I know why. It's because this sandwich was expensive, and had they shown the price along with the sandwich, a lot less people would probably order it.The sandwich itself was composed of rye bread, pastrami, coleslaw and cheese. The rye bread was hard and it's edges were so sharp that it's crust could easily pierce your lips if you weren't careful with eating it. The pastrami sandwich as a whole tasted delicious though! They say that their pastrami is high-grade but to be honest, pastrami all tastes relatively the same to me so unless you seriously screw up a pastrami sandwich, I'll enjoy it. The portions were just good enough too.Cost:I ordered the pastrami sandwich alone and nothing else. No combo, no chips/drinks/fries or w/e. The pastrami sandwich alone /w tax costed $17.50. After paying tip, I pretty much paid $20 for a pastrami sandwich.So overall: Is the pastrami sandwich good? Yes. Is the pastrami sandwich worth it's taste? Probably not.I've been to a few delicatessens in my life thus far and none of the others deliver it like Langers.  Disclaimer: I've been eating their sandwiches since 1985.  So does that make me partial to Langers.  Definitely not! If their quality was to ever go down, I would bring it to the manager's attention immediately!!!  Hahahahha Fortunately, Langers quality has remained consistent throughout the many years.  Thank you Langers!  I love u.Best pastrami sandwich, best fries, best desserts.  Just as I remember during my USC days.  Great to see an L.A. tradition endure.They are still one of LA's best Deli's after all these years. I love their corned beef, pastrami and the icing on the cake is the bakery.  AMAZING PASTRIES. Many memories of me and my Godmother. She would order the chicken soup for us, I could not believe I enjoyed the soup even after I promised her I would never like it. She would be so happy to hear that I still go there,  the food is always fresh regardless of the hour. Yes they are 5 Star A Listers!!!!!!!!! Memories of LOVE and good food :-)My first pastrami sandwich ever and it was the perfect first pastrami sandwich ever. I actually came here for breakfast but decided to get the famous pastrami sandwich with thousand dressing and tilamok cheese (not sure if that's how it's spelled). The pastrami definitely took center stage. Stacks of thick smoked pastrami....so good. I also ordered the house fries since French fries weren't offered for breakfast. It's sliced pieces of potato. Pretty good and comes in a generous portion. To finish up our crazy breakfast we got the fudge Sundae. Omg one of the best sundaes of my life. The almonds are so fresh and delicious. It literally makes the sundae. Overall I really enjoyed langers. They have an extensive menu full of delicious items. The staff is very friendly. And I'll definitely be coming back.You know it's good when you are so sad that you can't possibly stuff the 2nd half of the sandwich down because it's so damn good and have to take it home.I came by at 12:15 and there's already a line out the door for a table. Good thing I'm on another week of eating lunch alone (sad but efficient for sure...) so was able to grab a seat at the counter. The waitress was very sweet and everything came out super fast. Of course as a first time, I got the #19 (pastrami, cole slaw, swiss cheese). The plate got served and the guy sitting next to me asked "you can eat all of it?" Umm probably not, but I'm going to try my best! Because guys, the sandwich was truly fabulous, and honestly I'm not a huge sandwich person normally. The nice warm pastrami, cool crispy cole slaw and soft rye bread = a winner!I had to take the 2nd half home and it tasted mighty good all cold for dinner too!So why no 5 stars you ask? As others have mentioned, this is damn expensive. Over $15 for the sandwich, plus ice tea, plus tax/tip. We're looking at a $25 lunch a so so good one, but still just a sandwich...Strawberry cake ids the best anywhereThis is the best pastrami in the world! They start cutting your bread and meat as soon as you begin ordering. I strongly suggest their pastrami on egg bread or corned beef on egg bread, I always get these. They're open early, 8:30am and close early, 3pm. If you are sketched out by the area, call and order in advance and request curb side pick up, someone will come out with your food and deliver it to your car. Otherwise there's a private lot located about a block away.Langer's is classic, it's been opened since 1930 sometime and they haven't changed much. Everyone thinks they know the best pastrami, and most commonly they think it's Johnnie's or Canters, but let me tell you, it's LANGER's. Some of the tenderest meats, not dripping in grease or chunks of fat, it's surprisingly very lean for a pastrami. Don't know how they do it, just know how to appreciate it! It's worth the adventure, it's unlike any sandwich and experience you'll ever have. LAPD has a station not too far from there, so it is undoubtedly a super sketchy area, but hey it's Los Angeles, it's sketchy anywhere you go.Their Pastrami sandwich didn't really leave a great impression on me. The Lox, however, is AWESOME!   They serve you two bagels with either a combo of Lox and white fish, onions, tomatoes, pickles and a LARGE scoopful of cream cheese.  This plate is good for two people.  Take your first bite and you're in Lox heaven.  I wish they're open on Sundays, too, but I guess being only open till 4PM and only on M-F gives a feeling of exclusivity.   Whatever works.Parking with validation is a block down on 7th st.  More parking on Alvarado St behind some buildings but it costs $6 and why pay when you get validation.Langer's is SOOOO GOOD!  I get the #44, grilled pastrami, swiss cheese and easy sauerkraut, then I get a side of russian dressing and coleslaw, and top each bite off with that.  SOOOO GOOD.Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  Katz's in NY probably has better pastrami, but on a good day, langer's is nearly just as good.  And their sandwich is way better overall.The line can get really long, but they have a pretty efficient system for seating.  The hours can be a little annoying since they close at 4 PM, but the area it's in is probably not the best for night time anyways.  It's nice though because they have a parking lot and validate parking so it's free.I usually only eat 1/2 of my sandwich while I'm there, but I just take the rest home and heat it back up in my toaster oven and it's STILL SO GOOD.Damn good. Damn expensive. Inverse relationship that really doesn't work.  I have had better sandwiches for cheaper.  If you really want to try a great pastrami, a great Reuben or any other sandwich variation - I need to highly recommend that you go to Pasadena Sandwich Company in Pas or Billy's Deli in Glendale. Those two places slam Langers IMHO.I get the whole tradition and history and all that with Langers, but not worth it to me to pay double what I should be for that.  Knock on PSCs door and see what they are cooking. I guarantee you won't be disappointed.I'll have Langer's Pastrami at any price. Ordered a #19 and a Fish Sandwich on Rye with Slaw and cheese. Both were unbelievable. The only comparable pastrami and slaw based sandwich I've ever had was the "Upper Yough Reuben" at Katzinger's in Columbus, OH. So check out that East Coast spot, if you like Langers.I recommend curbside pickup. I've heard there is usually a huge line inside. I plan on utilizing the curbside on my trips through the area.You have to come here with someone else and split Langer's #19 and #44 to get the best of both worlds.#19 is the famous pastrami sandwich with cole slaw, swiss cheese, and russian dressing on fresh rye bread.#44 is the hot pastrami sandwich with sauerkraut, nippy (sharp cheddar) cheese on buttery toasted rye bread.It's a match made in heaven. I love dipping the #44 in mustard as I'm eating it. It complements the richness perfectly, and keeps the flavors exciting. I just LOVE the bread at Langer's. The crust is so flavorful and crunchy and fun to eat!BUT! Langer's ain't cheap. I never realized that before because whenever I paid, I was too delirious from the delicious pastrami to realize that each sandwich is over $15! I just noticed that today for the first time when I was looking at the menu. Wut....? Still, I love Langer's and that $15 is well worth handing over for delicious pastrami sandwiches.The pastrami sandwich (of which I have tried several variants) is very good, but not in my eyes, the best in the world. Despite being a huge west coast fan, I prefer Katz's in new york by a country mile and I think I even prefer Brent's too.That said, the pastrami is juicy and the bread is crisp and delicious. The sandwiches are well balanced and service is always quick.It is a little pricy though - expect to pay 15+tip and tax for your sandwich. Free parking down the street at least!Everything is perfect!Seems like a tragedy to live in LA most of your life and never have been to Langer's Deli.  After seeing this famous eatery again and again showcased on multiple television shows praising it, I decided enough was enough and finally visited it.It was odd where this place was situated to me.  In a hustling bustling area of downtown LA where the sidewalks are crowded with traffic and parking is usually difficult to find without paying way too much for it.  I was glad I read some reviews ahead of time and took advantage of their validated parking a block up on 7th.  They validate up to 90 minutes.  Just make sure you take your ticket with you to the deli.Anyhow, I tried the #19, the pastrami with cole slaw on rye.  I have to admit, the sandwich was one of the best pastrami's I've had.  Very little fat on the meat.  The right amount of russian dressing, good cole slaw, and fresh rye bread.  They served it with a couple of pickles on the side.The place was clean, the service was quick and efficient.  I was impressed and wish I could afford to eat here more often.  That was my only complaint, such a tremendous fee for a decent sized sandwich but it definitely wasn't huge.  With tax and tip just for the sandwich was 20 bucks.  I could have easily added on sides or even another sandwich which would have cost even more.One thing I noticed people taking advantage of was getting sandwiches to go and also they have curbside service, where you call in your order and tell them the make and model of your car and when they see your car pull up in the loading area out front they'll bring your food right out to your car.  That might be the thing to do next time.All in all it was a great experience and I'm glad I finally went.Langers is definitely a splurge as I don't normally spend over $20 on lunch but they really do have the most incredible pastrami and beef dip sandwiches here. The menu is overflowing with sandwich options and the prices are high, but the meat and bread are always so consistently good. The sandwiches are enormous so split it or take the leftovers home for dinner. As a big fan of french dip sandwiches, I always laugh whenever the lackluster ones at Phillipes and Coles show up on "best french dip" lists. Langers may be known for their pastrami, but if you are willing to try something besides the #19, try the brisket of beef french dip! The meat is so juicy, the au jus has amazing flavor and its served at the perfect temperature. Service here is pretty great too. The servers are friendly and very experienced. When I asked for a box for half of my french dip sandwich to go, the server took it away to be boxed up. Not only did she (or someone else) pack a side of au jus in a little plastic container, they wrapped the little plastic container in plastic wrap to avoid spillage. Also, my sandwich tasted great the next day.   If it's your first time keep in mind:- Hours are weird (Monday - Saturday, 8AM - 4PM). - Lunch rush begins about 15-20 minutes before noon.   - Parking lot is a block away on Westlake and 7th. Remember to get your ticket validated at the restaurant. If you are feeling rich and adventurous, try the Fressers Special! It's $27.95 and has everything but the kitchen sink!Visited Langer's for the first time yesterday. When we got there, we gave our name to the hostess outside and got in line. We waited about 10 minutes, which was no big deal. You have a great view of the park and people watching along the busy street to keep you busy! Once seated, our waitress came quickly and took our order. We decided to each get a cup of Matzo Ball soup, split the infamous #19, and split the potato pancake/cheese blintz plate. For me, the fate of a deli rests on these items. If they can't make these correctly, chances are everything is bad! Here is a breakdown of each item:Soup-4 stars. Broth was very good, but my husband's matzo ball was not quite cooked all the way through.Potato pancakes-4 stars. Very good, but nothing extraordinary. The pancakes we make every Hanukkah are slightly crispier and a little less eggy.Blintz-5 stars. Sooooo good! Wish it had been larger. The filling was perfect.Pastrami on rye with swiss, coleslaw, and Russian dressing-5 stars. A truly perfect sandwich! The pastrami was slightly thicker than I am used to, but it was delicious! The perfect amount of every ingredient, and it held together really well (great bread!).All in all, it was a great meal.  I had to ding them slightly for not having a bakery counter. I love to bring home cookies from a deli, but they only had a few options and they were prewrapped on top of the deli counter. We brought a piece of cheesecake home, but it was only OK. If you're not a dessert person, you will probably love this deli. In the end, there was nothing at Langer's that would bump Brent's out of my top deli spot, but it was still a very good meal.For LA, Langer's pastrami sandwhich is one of the best.  If you like Katz Deli and can't get to NY, this is a good fix.  Parking is challenging.I ordered hot pastrami sauerkraut and nippy cheese grilled on rye and it was amazing! $20 (including tip) was definitely worth it.I really can't add anything about this place that hasn't already been said, but I never realized a pastrami sandwich could be legitimately described as "dreamy" or "heavenly" until I had the #19 at Langer's. There's really no doubt in my mind that it is the best of its kind I've ever had. They have cornered the market on this one.I actually just drooled a little as I wrote this review.Langers has legendary pastrami sandwiches and amazingly delicious bread, unfortunately there high prices, difficult parking and long wait times hamper the experience. The famous pastrami #19 sandwich is an LA staple and it never disappoints. The bread is soft yet perfectly crunchy, the pastrami is perfectly prepared and super tender, and the coleslaw goes sweet and goes perfectly into the sandwich. The sandwich comes out to be about ~$16 which is kind of ridiculous, but they can charge $16 here and everyone will still pay. Parking here sucks and if you are lucky enough to find a spot make sure you lock your car up. And anytime you come down here be prepared to have some sort of wait. It literally doesn't matter when you come, but you'll have to wait at the least 10 min (if your super lucky to as long as 60 min for a table. Pastrami sandwich at Langer's is worth coming here to try it, but make sure you're prepared for parking troubles, wait times, and high prices.Whenever someone tells me they don't like pastrami, I force them to eat here. I did this most recently with my mother, who, after the sandwich arrived, she cut one of the halves in half, saying she wasn't very hungry. She ended up finishing the whole thing and admitting that it was very excellent. I am certain that pastrami better than Langer's does not exist. Also worth mentioning: fish and chips here are great! I don't like the fries (they're the jaggedly cut ones). Their pickles don't seem fully pickled. They have a parking lot but it's a block away.This is the best pastrami sandwich I have had by far! This is nothing like your typical fast food or restaurant or "The Hat". Don't get me wrong "The Hat" is good, but this place is just AMAZING! :] It was served on freshly baked warm bread, with cold coleslaw, warm pastrami. Their coleslaw is perfectly seasoned; its not too sweet or sour or creamy..just perfect! The sandwich portion size was also good. I also ordered dessert there, I think it was the strawberry shortcake. I was so surprise about the portion of the dessert, usually most places are pretty small but they gave you a generous amount. It was also very delicious. The bottom line is that this place is DELICIOUS! Like currently, I am craving that "Pastrami Sandwich"!My 200th review is dedicated to PASTRAMI.As a native Angeleno (and Jewish to boot), I'm ashamed to say I had never tried Langer's until a visit home last year.  I'd been craving some good, authentic deli and my good friend told me Langer's was the place to go.  "None of that Canter's!  Forget about Nate and Al's!" he admonished me.  "Langer's has the best pastrami in town, if not the country".  Langer's pastrami is certainly in my top three, right alongside Katz's and Carnegie (the original location) in NY:  Melt in your mouth tender and served on amazingly fresh, fragrant rye bread.  The restaurant itself has a cheerful, well worn "diner" feel.  Our waitress was a salty, husky voiced old broad who seemed to step out of a 60s TV show:  "More coffee hon?" and all that.  Langer's has loads of character and is filled with a diverse cross section of LA society.  There seemed to be an equal distribution of Jews, blacks, and Latinos, and a smattering of white "goys".  It's unusual to find such diversity in super segregated LA.Come here for a taste of classic LA with a side of pickles.Heard that this place had the best Pastrami in LA... Of course I have to come check it out. Arrived here around 930am (Yes, we're getting pastrami sandwiches at 930am don't judge). Word on the street is that  this place gets crowded but luckily not too many people eating a meaty sandwich so early in the morning. Got seated right away by our friendly waitress.We ordered the Famous #19 and our waitress recommended to try their Corned Beef as well so we got #88. Food came out pretty quick.#19: Amazing. Soft, tender, juicy, flavorful melt in your mouth pastrami. The Russian Dressing was perfect with the pastrami. But what surprised me the most was their Rye Bread. The crust had a good bite and the bread itself was soft and could hold the sandwich together. I would get this over and over again.#88: Pretty much #19 but with Corned Beef. It was good, but not #19 good.Overall, I would definitely come back and recommend to friends. The pastrami and service here is amazing. Only drawback - a little pricey for a sandwich - but definitely worth it.Best pastrami on rye EVER!!! And that's a lot coming from a native New Yorker. The rye was baked beautifully and soft. The pastrami so moist and tender... I dare you to find a better place. Actually don't try. Langers is the spot!!!After listening to the espn 710 lineup for years, they brainwashed me into trying langers and the #19.  I was in the area and dropped in for lunch. Sat down at the front bar area for individual seating and was greeted by a friendly older lady. Instantly i asked her for the number 19 and soda. Within a few minutes it came out looking like it was ready for a photo shoot. Sure it looks good but does it taste good? Took the first bite and realized what my friends at espn 710 has been praising all these years. It was soo good!! The pastrami was fresh, coleslaw was perfectly seasoned and the rye was delicious. I'm usually a fast eater but found myself savoring every bite. Too bad i live far away or I'd see myself coming here once a week!To sum it up: best pastrami ever!4.5 stars to be exact! First bite in, I knew I would come back again and again. The pastrami is so full of flavor it will have you saying "mmmmmmmmm" until you finish your sandwich! :)I had the #19 because everyone seemed to recommend it.. along with chili cheese fries. It was pretty darn delicious! The chili cheese fries were just aight though.. i won't be ordering them next time.Langer's is definitely going on my top 10 favorite restaurants list! 1/2 star off for the price... I paid over $20 for lunch.. and that's a little too much for a new college graduate's budget. But I will be back! TRY IT. You won't regret it. TRUST me. :)ooh kill em ! ooh kill em !I don't even LIKE pastrami but this place was sooooo good! I pre-ordered and togo'd two #19. Coleslaw, and a coke. Total was about $60. A bit pricey but for a reason! The sandwiches itself is huge! I ate half and ate the other half later. The pastrami meat is very juicy and tender. Recommend ordering it for togo unless you want to wait an hour+. Too bad they close at 4 pm everyday - but that's how you know they're bomb.The Best thick cut pastrami in LA.  Probably better than anything they got in the s**t hole Bakersfield too.  I don't think there are many Jewish delis in Victorville either.  So the best pastrami in LA, Bakersfield, and Victorville.  That's quite a boast, I know, but when so many Jewish delis are shaving pastrami as thin as foreskin, it's nice to have a spot that keeps it thick for the Gentiles.#19 - nuff said.Awesome place to get a hearty flavorful meal. Do it. The pastrami is amazing and so delicious. It's like last meal status.I've been going here about once a month for the past 6 months and it has yet to get old. I still look forward to it. The #19, always. I've had pastrami at a couple of other places now and I can confidently say that this is a completely different thing. I can't even believe it's the same food. It's pretty much a rainbow of flavors and textures. At first, I was a little put off by the decor. It's straight out of the 80s. Now, I wouldn't want it any other way. It adds the experience. Not only do they have one of the best sandwiches known to man, you get to time travel.They have a dedicated parking lot slightly down 7th that they'll validate, making parking free. Maybe try a chocolate phosphate too, if you've never had one. It's not for everyone, but it's an experience. Almost savory, so many bubbles. It seems like the 1950s in beverage form.What I ordered:Corned Beef on Sourdough and 1/2 #19 sandwich and salad comboWhat I spent:$30.20That's right ... $30.20 For a sandwich and a 1/2 a sandwich and salad combo.I'm not sure why it took me so long to finally visit Langer's. Maybe because it's been around since 1947, I know it's not going anywhere.Maybe because I just feel that if you go to pretty much any deli, you'll get the same satisfaction.Maybe it's because I know I can get ANY $5 footlong at Subway during January-any.Whatever the reason, I know I'll be back.  The only thing I would do different is go with a group so I could just take a bite of the other variety of sandwiches Langer's has to offer instead of buying 1.5 sandwiches on my own.Langer's isn't at 2,018 reviews and counting with a 4.5 star average for nothing.PS - I know the reason why it took me so long ... I HATE spending $15+ for a sandwich, but sometimes I like to treat my self.youtu.be/ZsABTmT1_M0Langer's  ...  Treat Yo SelfPark across the street in the parking lot directly across from Langer's. This place is everything all the other positive reviews said. You will leave this place really full. Their servings are plentiful.Order the #19Why would you order anything else???Friends come here with me and ask what's good for breakfast - and i always say get the #19 - the hot pastrami sandwich... Yes - sarcastic, but good advice I assure you. Every time I come here- I always order the same thing - the #19...I have no idea what anything else is like. There is nothing else that could compare with the slice of heaven numbered 19.Neighborhood is sketchy. Service is straightforward. Place looks old and that's it's charm. They aren't open past 4pm I think.I LOVE THIS PLACE! This is one of those place you wish you can be married to cause you want to see that delicious sandwich every single day and night. I had my brother bring me a sandwich here before and I been craving it every since, so when I was off for vacation for two weeks it was definitely one of those places I had to hit up. I decided to drag the fiancé with me for lunch. Awesome parking for free in a lot down the street just remember to get validation. I decided to ordered #19 on sourdough and an order of pastrami chili cheese fries. Both were the prefect combo. I was only able to eat half of my sandwich so I can eat more of the fries. They were delicious. The best pastrami I have ever eaten with the best thing in the world i love..FRIES...omg! I can eat it for days! I was really full and I thought i'll be a great awesome sister and save the other half of my sandwich for my bro to eat. However around 4 hours later the sandwich was calling my name. Sorry bro, maybe next time! :) LOVE LOVE LOVE everything about here! The service was awesome, the food is incredible, and free parking! Just wish they open later for dinner or late night snack!Cut to the chase and just go to the best. Sure, there are the Canter's and the Izzy's and the Jerry's, but let's face it, this is it. Location kind of sucks, but that annoyance melts away when you eat their pastrami on rye. Only other places that come close? Katz's in New York and Moishe's in Montreal. Enjoy. It's worth it.Langer's is another place on the long list of Los Angeles Dining Institutions. It's in a less than desirable area. It has "retro" decor (meaning the decor is so old it's become cool again... 6 or 7 times.)This is not the most incredible pastrami I have ever had... But it's damn good!Do yourself, your taste buds, and your stomach a favor... Order the #19.Pastrami, swiss cheese, and cole slaw with russian dressing. Incredibly good.I have tried some of the other pastrami sandwiches at Langer's over the years... But after the #19... I can't remember not one of them.The staff is very attentive, polite, friendly and work non stop. Yet they will make sure your drink is refilled and you have everything you need or want. Remember this at tip time. If you live in Los Angeles and haven't been to Langer's yet. Just slap yourself.4 1/2 starsit seems out of place amidst the Mexican food stands, fast food joints, and tiny shops in a predominantly Hispanic area, but its alien status is a testament to its hardiness. LANGER'S has persisted from its humble beginnings at an 8-seater restaurant in the 40s.known for its double-baked rye with extra-crispy crust, moist Pastrami, and its #19 Pastrami (Reuben) Sandwich, it's an American Dream whose success spans 60 years. today i got half CORNED BEEF ON RYE with a cup of MATZOH BALL SOUP and everything was excellent.  the RYE was Charmin-soft, with its famous CRISPY CRUST.  the CORNED BEEF was super moist and tasty, and the MATZOH BALL was light, fluffy, and delicious. the waitress was efficient and the friendly manager came by on a couple of occasions. because it's an old building, the restrooms are up a flight of stairs, with arrangements for handicapped patrons to use restrooms at a neighboring business. looking forward to the #19 next time around! happy Yelping and here's to tasting life!   :)Fucking delicious-ass pastrami#19 hands down! There were pics of 4 sandwiches (#19 is up on the Hall of Fame) out of the 100ish items on the menu, only 4 made the list...Awesome! No point in picking up the giant menu to confuse yourself, the 4 are up there for a reason. :)Oh, for those clueless navigation people like me - free with validation parking lot is:  * Across the street from the Deli, & 1 block over (toward downtown LA/skyscrapers); or  * GPS address is -- 1923 W 7th St, Los Angeles; and  * P.S. - Huge Sign reads Langer's parking & public parking (up to $30 a day).... but FREE with Validation as all customers know. :)Langer's is the finest deli in the United States. Amazing consistency and quality with impeccable service. The boss runs a tight ship and his parents learned how to produce the perfect pastrami sandwich and passed that secret down. THE place in SoCal to eat before taking in a Trojan home game!This is the best pastrami place in the world.  I have had many pastrami sandwiches and none of them can hold a candle to Langer's.  The meat is thick and succulent, not too thin or greasy.  The flavoring is amazing and coupled with their in-house rye bread, this sandwich is just the absolute best.The service can be a bit slow at times, but probably because they are always busy no matter what day or time it is.  They employ older staff who give very traditional table service.  The tap water comes from the fine city of Los Angeles, so I recommend asking for a lemon or two.I ordered the Fried Chicken and it was ok.  The customer service is awesome herefeels like homethere's free parking down the blockNO 4K TV   =(bad neighborhoodPastrami Sandwich Eats! Sit down restaurant (Diner feel to it) with food that is similar to Katz (New York)I would only attempt to come here at high-noon on a cloudless day, Sunday.  Anytime after sunset and you're looking for trouble (if non-white) or a death sentence...but must say, worth the risk for their pastrami.That being said, they are closed on Sundays.Fortunately our company had it delivered a few times during the week.Pastrami is tender, thick slabbed, bursting at the seams with flavor.  The coleslaw layered on top for nice hint of texture and the russian dressing binds it all perfectly.This sandwich was commissioned by God.  Praise be to Elhoim.Langer's is something special.I just went to Langer's for the first time this afternoon, and I took my Dad with me.  He used to go to Langer's while growing up, so it was fun going there with him for his first time at Langer's in 20 years.  I had heard about this place from my Dad and I also read some reviews of my friends on Yelp.  I am sure glad I tried this place.We were seated very fast.  We arrived at 11:55 am and were greeted and sat immediately.  The waiter was very friendly and the ambiance and sound levels were exactly what you would want from a deli.My Dad and I both ordered the No. 19 - Pastrami, Swiss and Slaw on Rye with Russian dressing.  We shared a side of french fries.The Pastrami was fantastic.  The Russian dressing and slaw combo was sweet and tangy and complimented the Pastrami ans Swiss perfectly.  And let me tell ya, this sandwich is HUGE.  I barely could finish the thing, and I think I left a bit of crust on the plate.  I just couldn't finish it all.  The bread was soft and warm from the hot Pastrami and everything blended together perfectly for an amazing gustatory explosion of flavor.  The texture and temperature of this sandwich were spot on.  Home run for sure.Langer's is awesome!!!  I might have just had thee best Pastrami sandwich in my entire life.  The food was very good and very fresh.  Anyone will enjoy this restaurant.I would recommend this place in a heart beat.  I loved this place.Holy Pastrami Heaven.....  I found ya. Well, in lalaland at least. And yes, in the middle of the most interesting (one of the most, let's say) neighborhoods in the sunshine city. Thank goodness this fixture has remained long enough for me and my compadres to fill our tummies with this delish thick sliced pastrami.DON'T let the fact that it's in MacArthur park on Alvarado keep you from standing in line (if you have to) to savor the French Dip pastrami or just the regular pastrami. Mmmmmmmm. I am salivating just writing this.  The dip for the Dip is just right. The cole slaw you can probably skip. I, like my peeps, prefer not doing too much to a pastrami so we forgo'ed the cheese and russian dressing (at least this time around). The goal was to see how good the holy grail of pastrami's was. Boy did it deliver. And I'm saying this comparing it to the Katz Deli, Carnegie Deli, and Johnnie's of our time.Speaking of which, they do deliver the regular pastrami's to anywhere you want in the US of A. The service is friendly with the evident old timer waiters ready to get you in/out and off your your food coma way.Oh, can't forget about our artery clogging but so yummy chili cheese fries. Please try them!! You'll want to share them if you are eating anything else because it is a good sized portion.Parking is free and so convenient located a block away. Just get your card stamped and it's easy peasy.  Can't get that in a lot of places across LA. No excuses now to get your non-waistline conscious self to this historic and rightly named one of the best pastrami's in town diner!! Yes, it's a pretty penny to dine here but the quality and service can justify at least one TRY.#19 with chili cheese fries! It's so ridiculously good! I never dined in because of the horrid lines and so I usually call in my order for pick up. The awesome part is, you dont have to get out of the car to pick up your food. They bring it out to you and off you go! :) Really convenient for lazy people like me :Dbest pastrami sandwich in town although the price has gone up and the size of the sandwich has shrunk!Langer's will always have a place in my heart. It all started about 10 years ago when my dad came home from work one day and told me about this sandwich place he tried down the street. "You have to go to this restaurant, it's the best pastrami you'll ever have." Since then, I've been a frequent customer of Langer's. It's always a mandatory stop whenever I drive up to LA. People like the #19. For a carnivore like myself, I prefer the Pastrami on rye with mustard (plain). I'm convinced that you get more pastrami with this order, so I'd rather have that than stuff my sandwich with unnecessary vegetables. Both sandwiches are delicious, nonetheless.I can't wait to try Katz's in NY to see how it compares.I am blown away. This place lived up to the hype. The pastrami literally melts in your mouth! I had the #19, most popular sandwich and was extremely satisfied. The rye bread was super fresh and soft while the outer crust had the perfect crunch. The sandwich is large, so for a light eater, it should be fine to split one with a side order.Also had the brisket au jus which was pretty good too. I don't usually order au jus sandwiches, but I enjoyed it and it was far better than Cole's. Just wish it was a bit more affordable here.  There may be a line out the door, but don't be fooled, you will be seated in no time! There were about 7 people in line and my party of two was seated within 5 minutes. The service was friendly and attentive and I will be back!I loooove Langer's! It's all about the #19!Tip: Parking is hell on Alvarado. If you are ordering to-go you can park in front of Langers and they will bring your food out to your car and charge you outside. AWESOME!Had the #1 with cheese fries, it was very delicious however over priced. The cheese fries weren't cheesy enough and the cheese was thin. The cream soda was nothing special and one hostess was very rude and put her finger up to me and said "hold on one moment" and never even came back.Best pastrami and double baked rye ever! Rivals any other deli in the country.  Curb side service is very easy.In a sketchy neighborhood lies an amazing restaurant that serves probably the worlds best pastrami sandwich that has ever entered my mouth. From the very first bite, you know you have just met something extraordinary. I just kept finding myself moaning after every bite... Apparently, the beef is slow cooked at exactly 205 degrees for six hours to get the exact tenderness and juiciness. With the same meat, they make their corn beef hash too. Mmmmm!! So I've only tried their famous #19 with cole slaw, Swiss cheese, and special dressing on rye bread, but that was enough for me to name this place the best pastrami sandwich place in the world. I liked it with some extra mustard mixed in with a couple bites of the dill pickle here and there. Mmmm... More moaning... Side note: Their fries are from the frozen kinds with the zig zag shapes :( **amazing service and quick turn aroundOh my...Langers is classic LA yumminess. As I'm sure many other yelpers have said, the area is a bit sketch but its all worth it. I met up with my pops and his tennis buds here and I just followed the crowd and got a pastrami sandwhich just like the rest. OH MY...soooo juicy, flavory and just straight up GOOD! The ratio is like what my favorite comedian Mitch Hedberg says, "It's like a cow with a cracker on either side. "What would you like sir?" "A pastrami sandwich." "Anything else?" "Yeah, a loaf of bread and some other people." Service: 5/5 (My dad got a free bday cake...woot!)Food: 4/5Ambiance: 4/5I think the pastrami here at Langers is equally as good as the pastrami at Canters.  Parking is a bit challenging as the neighborhood is not the greatest, but there is a lot across the street which charges a dollar for parking.  Line is never too long and the food comes out pretty quick.  Service is excellent as well.  Give it a chance if you're in the area.A sandwich. This is not just ANY sandwich. This may very well be the sandwich of gods. Pastrami, Coleslaw, Swiss cheese and dressing - AMAAZING. Matzo ball soup was good. Not a lot of experience with matzo ball soups... so don't how how to compare it. It was quite yummy though! Up the street a bit from their building they have a parking lot that does validated parking - this was super easy and convenient! We must have come at a non-peak time (though it was still busy) we got seated right away and our food came to us pretty quick too. Service was good also! Don't miss this place if you are in the LA area - If I am ever back in the area I'll definitely be stopping by for some delicious food again!What do Muhammed Ali, Michael Jordan, Jesus, and Langers have in common?  They are/were the best at what they did.  I've been to all the pastrami spots in New York and all over California but they don't come close to Langers.  I'll go as far as saying this is the best SANDWICH (when I say sandwich I mean meat between two slices of bread) that I ever had.  It's located in a shady area not far from Downtown LA where I was staying.  There's a parking lot available one block away on 7th Street where you can park and get validation from the deli after your meal.  The number 19 is the most popular but I chose pastrami on rye with sauerkraut, American cheese and Russian dressing. It came toasted with melted cheese and warm pastrami.  The flavors complimented each other perfectly with the fatty saltiness of the meat, tartness from the sauerkraut, and fresh bread.  I'm not exaggerating when I tell you it's an awesome food experience.It was the best thing I ate in LA.  It's pricey but worth the dinero. Service was friendly and fast.  Langers looks hofbrau-esque straight outta the 60s or 70s with orange, brown, and yellow decor and booth seating. You want the best pastrami ever go to Langers.Best Pastrami Sandwich!!! This is a must stop if you are in the LA area. Its not just a hype, its the real thing. The line outside moves very fast. This place pump out so many sandwich, that its unbelievable. As you enter and being sitted, you will be giving a menu that is a little hard to read. There are soo many selections. Which one should you chose from? For beginners, as you enter this place, their is a sign right in front of the cashier that says " #19 our popular sandwich" So my girlfriend and I shared a sandwich plus a small order of fries. #19 has pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw and russian dressing slap between the soft rye bread. The pastrami are cut in thick slices. My first bite of this sandwich was heaven. The meat just feels smooths and melts in your mouth. The coleslaw gives it a cool feeling and nice texture to the sandwich. Next time I would like to try the #1. Its the same thing as #19 but not cheese. #19 = $15.20One corona = $4.95Small fries = $2.50I can not wait togo back here. I have been thinking about the pastrami ever since I left this place. My girlfriend even had a dream about this place. We love it. This has to in the top 10 places to eat before you die.Parking - extra parking for Langer if you can not find street parking is located a block away on Westlake and 7th ave. Langer will validate so parking is FREE.Great sandwiches. Pastrami is amazing. Worth the $15. It's been around since forever. The intersection is even named after them. One of the best restaurants in LA. My friend Brian showed me this place. I'm certain to go back. Love the interior. Likely hasn't changed in 50 years, but looks very clean.I was really disappointed.  The pastrami sandwich was really over priced and very little meat. The service was good but I dont think. Ill ever return.  This place is overhyped!You've not try the real pastrami until you've try Langer's pastrami (or number 19). The wait wasn't as bad as I thought - we only had to wait 15 minutes before we got seated. Langer's is located in the heart of MacArthur Park and that area is probably not be the safest neighborhood in the whole LA, but 7th / Alvarado intersection is generally pretty crowded and most importantly - always be aware of your surroundings and you'll be just fine. Nothing wrong is going to happen in the middle of daylight and Langer's closes at 4 PM everyday. The restaurant doesn't have any fancy decorations, but service was exceptional and friendly. The famous #19 - Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, and Cole Slaw w/ Russian Style Dressing ($15.20) - Even though I am not a big fan of pastrami, no word can describe how amazing this pastrami is. The warm double-baked rye bread gives an extra crispy texture. Pastrami was tender and flavorful, yet not too greasy (I've always thought pastrami from the Hat was a bit greasy).  French Dip Sandwiches with Au Jus (Brisket of Beef , $14.95) - Au jus dip wasn't overwhelmingly salty and it was just right. It wasn't as nearly as good / flavorful as pastrami, but it's still a very tasty and delicious sandwich. Absolutely the best sandwich shop I've ever had. MUST ... COME ... BACK ... HERE ... AGAIN.Everyone raves about the #19... I've tried it and definitely prefer the #44 which is a hot sandwich with sauerkraut and nippy cheese.  Delicious.  And enough for 2 meals.Get a side of fries and you have yourself lunch and dinner.Just wish they were open for dinner and not so expensive.Wow, what can I say more than other Yelpers who have touted #19 is the best!#19 with Wheat bread was more my style.  I can't stand Rye bread - must be a east coast thing - I was raised on white and wheat bread....  Never liked caraway seeds in my bread either.....  Great pastrami - the best!  Cole slaw with swiss was a hit!Also ordered a corned beef with sauerkraut.  Love the kraut but the beef was a bit salty.  Slathered on some side Russian dressing and it helped a bit.Tried a bite of the super dog - meh - it was OK - should be called salty dog....  Didn't think price of $6.50 was worth it for a plain dog......Overall, pretty good - better than most of the greasy pastrami joints so this one is actually healthier (less grease, less salt, and better veggies).Order via phone, skip the line, and eat a delicious sandwich in as quickly as 5 minutes. Drive to a nearby park and enjoy your moist pastrami, deliciously seasoned, on fluffy bread.Favorite:#19I come here once every year or so.  The place is full of mostly tourists as it is quite the destination but its one of those places you must try if you live in Los Angeles.Sometimes there are lines but they move very quickly.Sandwiches are HUGE, but the price reflects that too.I love reubens but Nate & Al's still has my heart!Parking- easy there is a lotService- typical deli/diner serviceFood arrives quickly.  When you are here you can definitely feel all the history.  And it is quite impressive how many people work here! Wow. This place employs a ton of people and the speed of the whole experience reflects that-- without effecting the quality of the food.Bookmark this place and put it on your list of places you must try.OK so backstory.  I am an authentic East coast jew. I have my jew certification and all my papers are up to date. I have eaten at many different Jewish delis across the country. Langers pastrami - it's not the best I've ever had. But it's pretty damn good. If you are looking for world class, try katzs deli in nyc.  I get goosebumps and a semi just thinking about it. Langers rye bread -  THE BEST. Crunchy crust with a doey center. It's like walking on fucking sunshine.With that being said, I have yet to try a better pastrami sandwich in LA. I would go for it! Oh yeah and the pickles are pretty good too. La chaim motherfuckers.I ordered the #19, which is the most popular sandwich there. I was afraid it wouldn't be enough since it comes with a pickle, but no fries or soup. Let me tell you, that sandwich with a diet coke was more than enough! The owner came up and chatted with me for a moment, apparently I am the first person he's ever seen roll up his sleeves to eat his sandwich. That's  everyone else's bad; I just don't want to be the guy who comes back from lunch with a mustard stain on his shirt. Everyone knows the pastrami is the best in America. So I don't know how much I can add. Oh, and they do take Visa and Mastercard, I was afraid it was a cash only place, since it's a pretty old establishment. This place is the iconic Jewish Deli in LA, so check it out.Langers pastrami isn't really pastrami, per se, but rather a corned beef with pastrami seasoning and preparation, so it's much heavier.Most L.A. pastrami is overly lean, tough and salty, the only good real pastrami I've encountered is at The Hat chain of restaurants, which serves the classic steamed stuff you were once able to get at Togos before the chain expanded and lost its soul.This is not to say Langers pastrami is bad, just...different.I recently discovered that, while Langers pastrami is a bit heavy for sandwiches (especially on a hot day), it refrigerates and reheats very well and is actually tastier after a few days. The seasonings amplify and marinade in much the same manner as most Italian and some Chinese food is better as leftovers.And it's better on its own, without the sandwich or bread.If you want good pastrami, get a sandwich at The Hat.If you want a unique, seasoned meat, get Langers pastrami by the pound and serve it a la carte.Free parking w/ validation on 7th and AlvaradoFree curbside serviceMy Go-To for Pastrami (Exceeded the HYPE!)Prices are what you would expect, but well worth it for some great food and service.I would suggest getting their before 11:30am-2pm to avoid waiting, getting a parking spot at their lot, and to avoid the lunch rush. Thick, Flavorful, Juicy, Hot Pastrami on Rye, what more can I say. LA LandmarkIt's in the hood, on the pricey side, not open for dinner, but it is so great and deserving of 5 stars. It is the absolute best pastrami and rye bread in LA. The #19 is a classic and a must try for everyone. The #44 is also a very good. Their fries aren't bad and the chili is a tad bit bland, but you can't have it all. The portions are quite large. Their curbside pickup is also very convenient and efficient. Great place that lives up to the hype.#19. If you like pastrami, you'll love Langer's. If you don't, Langer's will make a pastrami lover out of you; it made one out of me.FYI: They'll validate your ticket if you park in the lot on Westlake and 7th, two blocks southeast.Get the #19....You're welcome...I ordered the #19 like everyone else. Great flavor, quality ingredients, awesome bread. I am a big fan of condiments so I'd ask for extra Russian dressing and extra brown mustard-- but that's just my personal preference. The only downfall is that I expected equally tasty fries, instead I received those frozen crinkle cuts that you get a cheap diners. Nothing really wrong with them, but homemade fries or sweet potato fries would have been a better compliment to such a delicious sandwich.This is the absolute best pastrami you can have in Los Angeles.  Period.I usually get #19, but their other stuff is pretty tasty too.  Not a big fan of their baked goods--I wonder where they get it from because they don't seem to be baked in-house.It's definitely expensive for a sandwich, but what did I say in line 1?  It's the best, and you are paying to get the best.Parking is a breeze in the Langer's parking lot in the block northeast.  Bring your validation and it's free!Ordered the #19 and it was sooooo delish!!! This place was such a good find when my husband and I were in LA for the day! Definitely have to order the pastrami if you come here. You can tell it's a classic and a great old school find. Best pastrami sandwich I've ever eaten!!!!!Accessibility (Parking / Wait Time)1/1 Star: there was easy street parking when I went. No wait. _____Service (Waiter / Cleanness / Ambiance)1/1 Star: the old Irish lady was the nicest waiter ever. _____Taste (0=Not Edible / 1=Edible / 2=Good (average) / 3=Must Try!)3/3 Stars: the pastrami is a MUST TRY!!! Best sandwich I've ever eaten in my life!!! Don't order anything else besides the pastrami. Thinking that all sandwiches would taste like heaven, I went for a roast beef and it just wasn't as good as the pastrami. Only the pastrami is a gift from food paradise.  _____Overall Experience5/5 Stars _____Last WordsPastrami! OMG the pastrami!Langers, Pastrami, Get the #19, Perfect!Great ambiance, great customer service, and fantastic food. As you enter this place you feel you are stepping back in time. The furniture and the decor are very Americana, the staff dresses in bow tie, and the look of the place is somewhat nostalgic.As most people here mention, the pastrami sandwich is to die for, but my new favorite is the tongue sandwich hot. It might not sound great but it is delicious, the meat soft and prepared to perfection. Of course, order it on rye bread and add a bit of Hebrew mustard. Ah, so good!#19 at Langer's can do no wrong.Anytime of the day, frequency is a non-issue, have it for lunch and eat it again for dinner, eat half of a sandwich or eat a whole sandwich, eat it while doing a handstand, eat it on the treadmill, or eat it in the shower...#19 just never has a off day.Langer's serves up the BEST pastrami there is, ever! They are not overly seasoned and salty like the fast food stuff. Tenderness like you have never experienced before. And the evil sandwich only gets better every time you eat it. Not only the food scores a perfect 10, the service and the ambiance is old-fashioned and charming. It is a definitely an experience coming here, I make sure all my out-of-towner visitors stops here when they visit LA.First timer may be startled with how ghetto the surroundings areas are, expect to see probably the worst part of LA while approaching the restaurant, with street vendors and bums all over the places. But once you get inside, you will find out there is nothing ghetto about this place. I mean the surrounding locals are not eating here with sandwiches being $16 a pop plus tax and tips. No one said it was cheap, but it is so well worth it! Let's just say that everyone I have brought here becomes a regular for life!My sandwich (hot pastrami with swiss cheese and Russian dressing) was incredible, so delicious. I would have given 5 star review but the waitress was abrasive and when my partner gave his order which was french fries and a  bagel with cream cheese, she snapped at him "is that all your getting?"  I thought that was very weird, and her tone was not in a joking manner.We went back to Langer's recently and the food is still as delicious as it was in memory. I got the #19 WITH the rye this time, and I'm so glad I did! It wasn't seedy or overwhelmingly rye-ish, and it had this amazing crackly crust. However, the reason I'm docking it one star is because I really can't justify the expense! The sandwich doesn't come with anything (I will admit it IS a large sandwich), so if you want fries, chips, etc, you have to pay extra. And I honestly can't say that it was truly worth the price - for the two of us, just sandwiches, no sides and no drinks, it ended up being over $40 with tax and tip.Imagine ... thick cut slices of hot pastrami piled with crunchy coleslaw with Russian dressing and sliced between rye bread. Langer's pastrami sandwich is oh so delicious. Yes, trust the 1900+ reviewers on here when they say the pastrami sandwich (#19) is ONE OF THE BEST!! No joke. It is comparable to Katz in NY. Lines start forming early and parking isn't the easiest. I have to admit prices are a little steep at $15-16 for a sandwich. But all that doesn't deter me from eating Langer's because there's not many places where you can find a place that serves hand cut pastrami sandwich with generous portions.I HATE rye bread - never eat it. Had a bad experience in preschool and vowed to never eat it again. Until I heard about Langer's and the #19. I called in my order, waited a couple minutes curbside and anxiously drove home. Wow, the bread is amazing and the pastrami is everything everyone said it would be.The Potato salad, meh. It was just OK. I think I'm happy with just the sammie.If it wasn't for the traffic due to the location of this place, I'd probably eat here every day. EAT HERE! I wish they were openes longer and for the full weekend...but they definitely don't need the revenue.  i do wish they had a bigger dessert selection, but I guess that's not needed either.#19!!! Great pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and cheese on rye bread. The pickle was not as crunchy as I would have liked but the sandwich definitely made up for it. They are not skimpy on meat or cole slaw. If I had known before hand I probably would have ordered only half. Believe me I was full after I finished the first half, but I finished. There's street parking or if you turn right on S. Alvarado and 7th street you can find a parking lot for Langers on the left. Nice old school diner feel. Interesting location. I'm not use to that part of LA, but definitely worth a try. Lived up to its expectations but be prepared to spend $15 on a sandwich, not including tax, tip, or any sides (I don't think I could have eaten anymore anyways).I definitely forgot to review this place a WHILE ago...and after going again recently, I finally remembered to do so...Langers?  Yes PLEASE!   One of my favorite patrami/samich places of all time, not only for the quality of the samiches, but also for the service and friendly atmosphere.  FOOD - #19...enough said.  If you've never been, you gotta try this at least for the first time...or maybe the first 10 times, he he he.  The only thing on the menu that comes close to the #19 for me is the Beef Brisket French Dip with a slice of American cheese....mmm mmm mmm.  But back to the #19, that russian dressing on that sandwich is just incredible.  I always want to order the heaping plate of chili cheese fries that I see everyone else getting, but I never want to get too full for my samich!  SERVICE - Tip Top....they have old school service, which means service with a smile, and the servers are all very friendly and actually make great recommendations.  I mean, it's like they've been forced to try EVERYTHING as part of their training, or maybe just through their experience over the years...but they really know what they're talkin about, so if you're unsure, go for the #19...OR one of the suggestions by the service staff.PARKING - If you're coming at OFF-peak times, it can be a nightmare...good luck trying to find street parking on a busy day.  There's a small lot off of 7th and Westlake that gives you free parking for an hour with validation from Langers.  (Note:  The signs on the lot say 90 minutes, but apparently it's only 60 minutes...the attendants will tell you, and they're not messin around).  And if you're in a rush, there's always curbside pickup...you can even tell them if you're paying in cash and what size bill you'll be paying with, so they'll have your change ready when you pick up...how awesome is that.  Come back here...as often as you can...as time allows, you'll always be satisfied!Number 19 is a classic. Hot pastrami with extra white russian on the side. Other sandwiches are delicious as well. Portion is pretty big. Workers are friendly and parking is not bad at all (they have a lot).Visits: 1stRating: 4.5*Service: excellentOrdered: #19Pastrami & coleslaw on Rye. Mmm Mmm. Such a good sandwich. The rye bread is just like any other, nothing special. The coleslaw is also nothing special. The pastrami, of course, is the star here. Very flavorful, tender, moist & juicy. It's awesome how the pastrami stays so moist & full of flavor. It's so tender the pastrami literally melts in your mouth, no dentures required. One of the best pastramis we've had so far without being too fatty. It's amazing that there is that much flavor in the pastrami & it being more lean than fat. Bravo.Next time we'll try one of the other numbers so we can get the buttery, crispy grilled bread variety. Perhaps then the rating will go up to 5*.i woke up this morning pondering what should i, i walk over to my fridge, hmm.....no food in sight...mom's not home, so i guess i could make my fantastic tuna sriracha sandwich....or...i could drive over to langer's and pick up a tasty pastrami sandwich....*30mins of traffic later*...ahh...i see you langers, what, no left turn during this time onto this intersection....stupid LA road rules.....shit, i have no cash, how can i pay for parking.....guess i'll just have to drive around until i can find free parking somewhere........*10mins later*....oOh...mcdonalds....home depot... there is my free parking....fyi, lot is on wilshire/burlington, it's about a nice 7min/6 blocks away from langers but hey, parkings free as long as you dont mind walking through a bunch of mexicans looking for work outside home depoti sat down, being here before 11am on a friday just cuts the time before the lunch rush starts....i sat down by the counter, feeling lonesome, i just want to eat and get out....it's an old diner, you're served by older ladies who has probably been working there for ages...not that i mind...there was this one cute asian hostess by the cashier table though.....you can see the assembly line of sandwich makers when you sit by the counter.....oh..btw..there were 3 other guys who sat at the counter around me when i got my food and sequentially, they all ordered what i ordered, the famous #19, pastrami coleslaw with russian dressing...so goodit's weird because the menu is huge probably well over 50items, but everyone on the counter was just eating #19...folks who didn't even know each other bonded and chatted over pastrami sandwiches...oh btw, the #19 is 16bucks after taxes before tip.....it's overpriced, true, but it was good, i mean, this place could probably charge 20bucks for it and people will still buy it -_-''''oh and service was pretty decent, quick on water refills and the moment i finished my plate, the old waitress lady took it away and gave me my check faced down, talk about efficiency, oh and you have to pay by the cashier counter, dont just whip out your card like me and expect something to happen......by the time i left, i'd say it was around 12pm and the place was getting 75% full...so go before 11am if you want no wait on a weekday!!ps. since i parked blocks away, it behooved me to have that nice stroll on the way back to my carpps. there's bottles of condiments on the table, both regular and spicy brown mustard, i use mustard only on one thing and that's a pastrami sandwich, ggI liked the old school diner atmosphere.  We don't get places like this in Phoenix.  Well, at least not this cool.  Our server was old school too. She was funny and quirky and just awesome.  We ordered the #19 because that is what everyone says to order in the highlights.  We also ordered the Pastrami and Swiss.  My brother and husband liked everything.  I thought it was all okay.  I wasn't too hungry so maybe that affected my taste buds or something.  I liked the #19, but it was a mild like, kind of had to convince myself.The price is pricey.  A little over 30 bucks for 2 sandwiches. At least they were big sandwiches.  I will be back to give them another shot and try a different sandwich.I took my friend to Langer's today for his birthday. I've been here three times and have enjoyed each experience equally.We both ordered a #19 (a must try), split an order of fries (above average), brewed unsweetened iced teas (superb) and cheese blintzes (delicious). Langer's provides all customers a plate of free pickles (very good) and a side of Russian dressing for the sandwiches.Pro tips: The menu is a bit pricy but worth every penny. Take a walk in the park after you eat. Expect a lengthy wait outside the restaurant if you arrive at peak times.Oh my dear lord - god help all of you...Where I grew up (and to this day), a Deli sandwich that you paid 3-5 bucks for was OVERFLOWING with meat. This guy Langer-san - who is probably dead (now the kids took over right?) - has got you all hooked on a copy of a copy of what east coasters would laugh at...and for those of you from the east coast who give this place 5 stars - you've been here way, way too long. This is the PINKS of Delis...(see my review of PINKS).I will admit, the tongue was great. Really great. But for a minuscule amount of meat, with no sides? Just a pickle for 15 bucks? Are they insane. For two of these, I could almost afford the flight back to Montreal or New York and get a real sandwich. This is just a bloody joke. I feel bad for you people. Seriously...And yah, I keep thinking about that tongue sandwich, and if it was 5 bucks, I would already be back there. And you gotta love the silly article they promote on their site which has their restaurant as the...ahem... Mecca...of Delis. Best line: "But the draw here is what's referred to familiarly as the #19: A pastrami on rye with coleslaw, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing. At no other moment am I prouder to be a member of the tribe than when I'm biting into this sandwich."Yep. At no moment was I prouder to realize someone claiming an amazing deli experience, and supposedly Jewish, didn't notice that there was CHEESE on the bloody pastrami. Hey, Justin Bolois, have a sip of this Draycup, won't you. Sure - being kosher is not what the Deli experience is about these days but still...Cheese on the signature item?(and it doesn't work either, flavor wise)Pastrami was just so so. And again very little meat. Not enough spice or smoked flavor. And yah - cole slaw goes on the outside you f-ing momos! Still can't believe the cheese thing.Un-real what this city and its standards are...See the photos comparison I posted! between a man sandwich and a little pussy LA sandwich. (can I say pussy on here?)yelp.com/biz_photos/lang…I can only tolerate one tourist trap per weekend, so this past weekend I made it Langer's.I have to admit -- I'd been craving Langer's food for a while.  Living in SD, I miss East Coast-style deli food like nobody's business.  So, when I heard about Langer's delicious (and traditional) menu, I knew I had to try it.Prior to visiting Langer's, I'd never been to Westlake.  Frankly, the area is kind of a dump, with crackheads napping on the sidewalk and panhandlers loitering outside the restaurant's door.  At least Langer's has a dedicated parking lot down the block.  It also helped that I was there at 8:30am, well before the infamous crowds and lines set in.I plopped down at the counter and ordered the #19 sandwich, which was out within minutes.  And oh man, this sandwich was a winner -- it completely deserves all the praise that it gets.  With mountains of juicy home-cooked pastrami, Swiss cheese, cole slaw, and Russian dressing on rye bread, what's not to love?Unfortunately, my side dish -- a potato knish with mushroom brown gravy -- wasn't so great.  It was enormous, but also dry and bland, even when doused with a generous dose of gravy.The menu at Langer's is traditional, but the prices are decidedly 21st-century (read: expensive).  The sandwich was $15, and the knish was $5.  After tax and tip, this breakfast was over $25 per person.  Eeeeeek.Despite those missteps, I wouldn't hesitate to pay Westlake another visit if it meant another encounter with that heavenly #19 sandwich.LOVE LOVE LOVE everything about here! The service was awesome, the food is incredible, and free parking!  The staff is very attentive, polite, friendly and work non stop. The flavors complimented each other perfectly with the fatty saltiness of the meat, tartness from the sauerkraut, and fresh bread.#19 that's all you need to know about this place.Best deli in town with the best pastrami sandwich I have ever had. Business hours suck but they have parking around the corner which is nice.#19 pastrami with cole slaw Russian dressing with rye bread. The pastrami was juicy cole slaw lacked the Russian dressing but loved the rye breadPotato salad was good and had their chicken soup it was good with just noodles and brothHad pumpkin cheesecake was delicious not too creamy and good portion to share for twoIt was Busy Saturday had a line but got seated quickly because it was for a party of two Got lucky with parking in front The waiters here a bit older but they are friendly and nice staffOverall it was an interesting experience and would come back here if I'm close by but I've actually have had better pastrami up north I would like to try other sandwiches on their menuAlthough the raves are for the pastrami, I liked the corned beef better. Although soft, the pastrami didn't have the kick and depth of flavor that I was hoping. The famed #19 pastrami sandwich buried the meat with other flavors like the cole slaw. There was just as much cole slaw as meat. The corned beef was fatty, tender, slightly crumbly, and lightly flavored. The corned beef was also slightly covered by the Russian dressing in the #3 sandwich, but not nearly as much. If I were to return, I'd get a plain hot corned beef sandwich with lots and lots of water because it's really salty. The rye bread was crusty on the outside, but softly tender on the inside. The pickles were just plain ordinary.I liked that the sandwiches weren't impossibly big to eat, but I didn't like that the price wasn't adjusted accordingly. It's less meat than other places for a high $15 cost.Langer's is not a full fledged deli like most because there is no bakery. They also have unusually short hours for a deli. There is free validated parking at the northeast corner of 7th & Westlake.Langer's is top in the game and as good as it gets in Los Angeles for NY/Jewish style deli sandwiches:  Pastrami, corned beef, potatoe pancakes, knish, white fish, lox, etc., etc.   I'll go a step further and aver that the Pastrami at Langer's is the best pastrami I've ever had. Seasoned perfectly; tender and moist.Rye bread?  No where I live in Los Angeles or Milwaukee is there a rye bread that rises to perfection of the rye bread that Langer's serves with their sandwiches.  Large loaf, crispy crust, moist and, most importantly, doesn't fall apart when made into a hot pastrami sandwich.Parking:  Langer's has their own (validated) parking lot a block east of the location on the north side of 7th Street.  Otherwise, you may get lucky and find a metered parking space on the street.When coming here for lunch, be aware of the fact that you might have to wait in line outside the restaurant to get inside.  Three of us made it right under the gun... arriving a bit before 11:30 AM.  Within fifteen minutes, the line started outside.If you are in L.A. and really like old school NY/Jewish style deli's, Langer's is a must-go-to restaurant for you.  You will not be disappointed.I never liked pastrami until I had the #19. Thanks to my brother who stops by here every so often for lunch, he brought me back a half sandwich to try. Oh my goodness, after one bite I fell in love. Like all other pastramis that are piled with just meat, I like the fact that the #19 has coleslaw with the Russian dressing to cut the saltiness and meaty-ness of the corned beef. I always ask for extra coleslaw and Russian dressing because I just LOVE how creamy and delicious it is.The rye bread is nice and soft. To complement my sandwich, I always get a side of fries, which are nicely fried and golden. Oh, and the potato salad is delish!When you walk-in, you feel a sense on nostalgia, like you just walked into some diner in a Goodfellas movie. The hospitality is also wonderful here.As we all know, #19 is where it's at. But did you know that their Matzo Ball soup is OFF THE CHAIN??Not to mention those cheese blintzes. Three pieces of heaven on a plate. Spread some jam on those babies and you are good to go.I'd recommend splitting the #19 with a friend, getting a cup of soup and sharing the blintzes as a sweet/savory dessert.DUDE, DUDE, DUDE!!!  You NEED to get a pastrami sandwich RIGHT NOW from Langers.  Literally, I don't even know what to say, just DUDE!!!  Every bite was heaven.  A little pricy and there can sometimes be a line, but DAMN WORTH IT!!!I'll keep this short - if this is your first time, just get #19.You won't get piles and piles of pastrami here, but you'll get a balanced serving of the most tender and flavorful pastrami.They don't open late and they don't open on Sundays.  There is a parking lot diagonal from the restaurant.LA Classic. Pastrami sandwiches are bomb - so is about everything else. I only wish it was in a nice location and that the parking wasnt across the street.All you gotta know is #19. Ask for extra russian dressing on the side so you can put some more on it! Great when the sandwich is nice and warm. Love this place. Just wish it wasn't so far from me. :(I like the #10, it's the famous #19 without the cole slaw.Langer's pastrami is the best in LA.Langer's rye bread is the best in LA.The service is great and there is free validated parking down the street.Don't miss this fabulous deli.Langer's by far has the best pastrami in town!There  I said it. The debate is over. I've had Langer's, Canters, and The Hat. Langer's wins! The sandwiches are piled high and freaking delicious. Get it exactly how they make it, you don't need to change a thang chicken wing! Langer's is a little bit pricy (a coworker and I split lunch one week, we both had our own sandwiches and ordered some sides  - coleslaw and baked beans and it set us back $20 PP) but it was SO WORTH IT!!! Parking sucks - there's always the street. Or if you phone in your order for pickup they run it out to your car. Aweeeeeeesome!The pastrami sandwich is no joke. Pretty much perfect. The thing I liked best (if I must choose!) is that the bread stayed solid throughout the entire sandwich consumption. I had my sandwich to go, so I can't speak for the interior, the atmosphere, but I loved the car-side service. Pastrami dreams, fulfilled.A simple lunch does not mean low prices here - $15 for a pastrami sandwich is steep.  Is it worth it?  I would say yes...on occasion.  Back in the old days the prices were much more reasonable.   I do agree the sandwiches are delicious because the pastrami is flavorful but not salty.  The slices are tender, not rubbery.  The rye is all right - soft with a nice crispy crust.  Cole slaw on your sandwich is a good idea.  I want to try the pastrami dip but the #1 is already a winner so I have a hard time deviating from what works for me.  Share a plate of french fries and you're good to go.  Pickles are pretty good too.Iced tea is brewed, booths are small or I'm just too big.  Parking is available across the street in the Langer's lot (validated).Went today and found out it was National Pastrami Day.Great #19 with wonderful crispy crusted rye bread.  Make sure you get it hand cut.Parking is one block west and is validated.#19.Yes.I love you.My friends and I took a trip to L.A. just for lunch at Langer's.  It was ok.  Got there before the lunch crowd.  I had the pastrami sandwich and it was good. i I thought it would have had more pastrami on it for the price I was paying.  I'm not sure if it was the best pastrami but it was lean which is a good thing.  Service was  good.I don't know if I would go back.  Maybe if I was in the area.How have I been living in L.A. for 22 years without Langer's in my life?!?!? I went for the first time today, and I am in love. I ordered the number 19 with a side order of fries, extra crispy. The mere fact that they asked me if I wanted my fries extra crispy gives Langer's four stars alone. Then I  found out they have their own cream soda, that was also delicious. Now for the pastrami, Oh my goodness is it good. I ate the first half of my sandwich and I was full. OH SO FULL!! but I was so sad that feeling full meant that I had to stop eating the deliciousness that was the #19. To add to the deliciousness of the food, the service was amazing. Thank you Evelyn for being so adorable and wonderful. The environment gives you that old deli feel without the cockroach grunge that other delis give off.I originally came here with the intent of trying #19 like everyone else but as soon as saw they served corn beef hash I had to try it. I love corned beef hash and try it evrywhere I go. I ordered that with the 3 eggs over easy. $10.75 is a bit steep but in this case, the portions and taste just about made up for it. The hash was just the way I like it dry and rich. Eggs were good too but then again its just eggs.I will be back for a rendevous with #19.I've been here several times and Langer's has been on point every time. I've dined in one time and ordered the #19 with the apple pie a la mode for dessert (amazing brandy sauce over the pie).The #19 is bursting with flavor. The pastrami itself is juicy and tender, coleslaw is fresh, mixed with their Russian style dressing and put in between rye bread is so incredible. The quality of meat here was so impressive that I can't have pastrami anywhere else in Los Angeles! Thank you kitchen / deli staff for always serving to-go orders with a smile =) You have my pastrami-loyalty and i will continue bringing out-of-town friends and family here.Amazing Pastrami and Potato Pancakes. The one thing to know when you order is to ask for lean or regular pastrami. I did not and it came with a bit too much fat for my taste. The number 19 is the most popular but I like pastrami with Munster cheese. If you have good timing you may be lucky and not have a wait. The best side item to order is the Potato Pancakes. The server was friendly and had a great attitude. If you want to take the Metro Rail it drops you off about one block away near MacArthur Park.Made the drive from Orange County to try out Langer's based on all the rave reviews.  It's no better than the local Hat and certainly not worth the hassle of traffic and parking.   With that being said, if I was within walking distance, I would go there regularly, but not worth the trouble otherwise.Oh boy oh boy oh boy.#19. Shall I say it again? #19. Oh, did you not hear me? #19!!!!!!!Honestly, the best pastrami in town. The bread, oh the bread. Dare I say that it is nearly too soft? That it nearly loses it's integrity as you take bite after bite? But, I said 'nearly', because it maintain's it's structure, just barely, but to the very last bite.What is it about this sandwich that makes it worth the trip, the parking hassle of trying to find a meter in this incredibly crowded area, the walk from the validated lot one dirty block east? Well, all of it, really.The pastrami is hand cut and thick, juicy and flavorful. The coleslaw, russian dressing and the swiss all come together to make it honestly, worth every dollar. I balk at the price every time we go, but completely forget about it after savoring the first half, and then find myself considering it a great deal as I wrap up the second half for dinner.Make sure you do not visit during  the evenings, or you will find yourself standing outside a closed restaurant in an area that can seem scary if you are not familiar with it. Don't worry, the cops have cracked down on the crime in MacArthur Park, you should be safe.2 of us went there last Saturday morning at 10am - place was pretty empty w a few tables occupied. We both got the #19 which was as delicious as the myth promised!! Also loved the decor and wait staff!!Walked the entire length of WestlakeMcArthur park/lake area after that and saw at least 5 types of ducks (apart from the gulls and pigeons!)!!Ok, they make an amazing pastrami.  AMAZING.   #19 is pretty good, but I'm probably a bigger fan of the reuben.  I need more pastrami... I think the next time I come I'm just gonna order that $30 pastrami plate.  I neeeeed more pastrami. The wait wasn't that long.  The counter service was ok.  The waitress forgot one of our sides, but we were so stuffed we told her to X it.  She felt pretty embarrassed about forgetting, but honestly I didn't care, was so full.#19. Langer's Pastrami is $15.20--looks like it should be $7.60--but it tastes like $30.40. Best Pastrami in LA county, possibly the state, possibly the country.My favorite Pastrami Place in the US!! I've been to Katz Deli in NYC and Katz has nothing on Langers!!!I'm just going to give you the cheat sheet and tell you to just order #19 -  the infamous pastrami with swiss cheese, cole slaw, and russian dressing. That will save you some time doing the guessing work and figuring out what to order - #19 is a staple. I am 4'11" and I finished this sandwich by myself.  It's the right portion to satisfy your voracious cravings of succulent  juicy pastrami... I took the redline and got off the MacArthur Park station and walked less than a block to the restaurant and service was prompt that I was able to make it back to work on time in DT. Definitely a MUST TRY!!I didn't expect to pay $15 for a sandwich in westlake...But the French dip pastrami is so worth it! Au jous is heavenly. Get it with cheese.If you don't want to wait, you can order to go at the deli counter. They pack everything nicely and even have pre-packaged pickles and banana peppers (skip the pickles--they were gross). Bring it to echo park lake and have a nice picnic!To set up my pastrami eating credentials, I will say that I've tried Katz's Deli and Carnegie Deli in New York. Hands down Langer's wins! Seriously.The #19 is an obvious crowd pleaser. The rye bread (I don't even like rye bread usually) is phenomenal-- the crust is slightly crispy, bread soft and slighty sweet. I think what I also love about the sandwich is the perfect ratio of pastrami to bread. I can actually eat it like a sandwich is meant to be eaten. The russian sauce is creamy and ties all of the other ingredients together perfectly. Unlike some of the NY delis, the waitresses at Langer's are super nice and really accomodating. The other interesting thing about Langers is that during the work week there are a lot of "suits" having business lunches there; it's really strange and slightly comical considering how casual the place is. Get there early to avoid the Disneyland line outside at noon, and there's a free parking lot about a block away.I've only been to Langer's once but I think it'll be the place I will always remember when I think "pastrami". I broke up with pastrami for a very long time and I have Bruxie to thank for that. But that's where I'm at fault. Why did I give pastrami such a hard time based on one bad experience? I'm really picky when it comes to pastrami because I don't enjoy overly salty foods but Langer's is tender and has the perfect amount of savory. I ordered fries and the hot pastrami #44, and asked for a bottle of dijon mustard. The meal was complete. On top of that, service was really friendly. And the meal came with a pickle. Whoop. That was the first to go. I love my pickles. Yes, pickles are as important as the quality of service. And those pickles are something else. It had a subtle spice that made it stand out from my other pickle memory tastebuds. Being in LA, I thought parking was going to be a problem, but Langer's has their own parking lot on 7th st. As long as you validate your ticket, parking is free! I kinda wish it was closer, but maybe not, cause it is a bit on the pricey side. But it's definitely a contender for a foodie adventure when I'm in the area.Unfortunately, I did not try the infamous Pastrami sandwich due to that I do not like pastrami at all, therefore I ordered a roast beef sandwich, which I can tell you I enjoyed very much, all thanks to that Russian dressing they use. Honestly, without that dressing, that sandwich would have tasted just like any other roast beef sandwich but bigger and pricier. From what my boyfriend and friends tell me, they liked their pastrami sandwich, but they can't really explain what in particular makes it different from any other pastrami sandwich. I, personally, think it's that Russian dressing because most of their sandwiches come with that dressing. I can't really explain the dressing, all I know is that it is sweet, and I really like it =)As I have mentioned, my rating is definitely biased just because I don't like pastrami and this place is known for their pastrami sandwiches, but I don't regret coming here. If I ever crave pastrami, now I know where to go.I've been going there since I was a kid and they make my favorite corned beef sandwiches. They used to hand carve it, which resulted in thicker, luscious slices. It's machine sliced now, but I still love it. the rye bread is perfect, too. Chewy on the crust and soft in the middle. Yumm. It's always a treat to go to Langer's.I have always wanted to go but every time had the urge the place is closed. I mean, not open after 4 and closed on Sunday. Now, I understand that in a way as the hood is the HOOD but Sundays..Really??????....Anyway, I finally went.So, looking for a spot in a spotty neighborhood I saw that they had a lot just a block away. I guess no need to be packing as I can still run a 100 yards, yet with my speed I could be brought down by pea shooter. Well, we entered the place it they are efficient as all hell, with ear pieces from the hosts in the back to the front. They seated us right away, menus at the ready, excellent waitress with her pen drawn. The menu was good with many of the deli options one would totally expect. Pally ordered first and he almost dropped me like a 45 when he ordered a pastrami on a sour dough. I mean plain omelets at Nate n Als are one thing but white bread should never touch a piece of pastrami. Moses must have caused an earthquake somewhere. I blame myself for that one, as while a good dad, I blew it when it came to the course of deli etiquette. I ordered the derma, matzo ball soup and a plate of pickles. So, the orders came quick and it didn't knock my socks off. Soup was fair, derma was ok but must of been from a recipe I am not familiar with, I had about 1/4 of the pastrami sandwich and to me it tasted too corned beefy and didn't quite make it, the pickles were decent and the rye bread was truly perfect. So I hate to ding deli's as they are a dying breed but it wasn't awesome but it was good enough and the folks working there are super nice and efficient.So, when paying the bill I saw the LA Chief of Police leaving as well. I made a quick jump to follow him out the door and was hoping he could cover me on the way to my car. No such luck as he was picked up right in front. Smart move on his part.While I was eating my #1, I was thinking, damn, this is the best freakin' sandwich ever.  When I bit the crust of the bread, I was like, this is the best freakin' rye crust ever.  Then, after it was gone, for some unknown reason, I was not that satisfied.  Maybe I had to eat another?  But at $30, that's a bit much.The feeling is fleeting.  Enjoy it.Langer's Deli one of the best sandwich i ever had. Since everyone says the same thing let me give you a heads up and why this is not 5 stars. With having a great sandwich comes a price and this is pretty up there for a sandwich. For 4 #19 an order of chili cheese fries and 3 soda we paid  $87.00. Now i have paid a pretty penny for a decent meal but when im going to heart of the ghetto $87.00 is up there. I know this place is a landmark but still expect to pay. The service is quick and if your going on the weekend expect a wait. All in all like everyone raves about #19. It is VERY GOOD!!!Langers is absolutely awesome.Parking can be an issue, the neighborhood isn't the best, but the food at Langers more than makes up for the lack of parking, and the dicey location.Let me tell you, even if Langers were on an island in the middle of MacArthur Park lake with shark infested waters, I would still swim out, wait an hour in line, and enjoy the best pastrami in Los Angeles. Langers is that good. I work 7-7pm so Langers is closed when I get off of work, so I end up going to that 24 hour pastrami place, on the Westside of town.The hype is real,usually it's not. Number 19 the way it comes and Crinkle Fries are awesome.My wife and I really enjoyed our food. We can't wait to go back when we are in the area.I'm usually not a pastrami fan but holy hell these sandwiches are good.  The pastrami itself is some of the best sandwich meat I've eaten.  Here's also a plug to the rye bread; I'm usually not a rye bread fan but holy hell this rye bread is incredible.  A crispy, crunchy crusty with the most incredibly soft and delicious interior breading...  Would recommend trying this place even if you're a pastrami doubter.Be prepared to pay homage to the porcelain gods later on.  Not great for productivity at work in the afternoon, haha.Tasty food, over priced I think.. Seems like a lot of meat but the edges are all empty and it's all in the middle.. Also the price and the area don't match...Trying out the hamburger steak today. Trying something other than Pastrami. Lots of other great items on the menu.Have not had a pastrami experience outside of California, but within Cali it is the best pastrami. To be honest I don't even think the Russian Dressing is needed on the Pastrami. The flavor is pretty bold by itself and quite enjoyable throughout. Then there is the rye bread... Crispy crust and a really delicate center which would combo well with any sandwich meat out there.Corn beef + sauerkraut + Russian Dressing + Rye + Cheese is just as good as the Pastrami in my opinion. One thing i like about this place is the consistency of the sandwiches. Bread is always done just right as well as the meat.This place would be 6 stars if it wasn't in such a "unpleasant" area. I realize its a landmark spot and the original spot, but the surrounding area is not the most ideal place for safety. TBH i had to triple check to see if this was the right place when I first came here (i know others have to). For those who complain that is closes at 4pm - Ask yourself this - Can you really blame them and would you get a sandwich parking at their parking lot at 9pm at night? Yea me either.I was lucky enough to found this place using my much loved Yelp app. I've seen Langer's on Travel and Food network before and always wanted to check it out. I had no idea that I was staying in a hotel within walking distance to here while on vacation to see UofA take on USC. We were lucky to come on a Friday late morning around 11:30 to not have a wait and were sat very quickly. Was greeted by a super nice waitress that gave us a sample of the Homemade Russian dressing because I asked what it was. She recommended the 19 but I really hate clown slaw so I went with the pastrami and Swiss. My brother in law did do the 19. Our sandwiches came quickly and wow it was simply amazing! The best pastrami and rye sandwich I have ever had. Thick cuts if meet and great rye bread. I liked how the dressing tasted with the sandwich. My bro in law loved his #19. I really liked the old school LA diner feel of Langer's. They still have single seats at the bar and old booths. Something I don't see much of anymore especially living in Phoenix. I would love to give Langer's a 5 star but I just can't because of the price. Sandwiches are $14-$15 dollars and that doesn't include fries or chips. A little too steep I think. It would be better even with a small bag of chips or something. Oh well, I would still come back if I find myself in the area and I'm glad I did get the chance to try Langer's in the first place.We ordered the roast beef sandwich and of course the #19, which is pastrami, Swiss cheese and cole slaw with Russian dressing. The meat is flavorful. The dressing is not overpowering. The cole slaw is fresh. Other breakfast items also look good. It's closed after 4:00pm Mon to Sat and closed on Sundays.Here's the idiot who loves Langer's for the bread.Also ordered the #19, which is an excellent win in itself.  Warm thick-cut pastrami was as juicy as hoped, and wasn't as gristly or fatty as some NYC versions.  Expensive, but certainly could feed two in a pinch.However, what sets this sandwich apart (other than the third-world sector the restaurant is located in), is the rye.  So substantial and crunchy is the crust, the sandwich techs (cooks?) use a meat slicer to disassemble loaves.  Further, the bread is beefy enough to hold up to both steamy slabs of meat as well as moist cole slaw for at least the half hour needed to take the whole shebang home.Chocolate milk was a waste of time.  Kinda small too.  Get a soda.I really love this place. The food is excellent and the people that work here are wonderful. They are friendly and genuine, from the people who work the parking lot, to the wait staff, and on to the cooks. They work hard to provide a great dining experience. The food is worth every penny. Top quality ingredients don't come cheap and it's nice to find a business that maintains high standards and integrity in spite of the rising tide of mediocrity.  I usually have the corned beef or pastrami with Russian dressing and Swiss cheese on un-grilled rye. A classic. Consistently outstanding. The (plain) cheesecake is very good as well.One more comment. The owner, Norm Langer and his daughter, are the second and third generation operators, and are salt of the earth. Great people who continue to provide the city with a great restaurant. One more thing. Yesterday I somehow arrived an hour before opening and sat in the parking lot waiting until the restaurant opened at 8:00. The lady who works the parking booth swept up around the parking lot  AND THEN swept the sidewalks and gutters of the intersection at Seventh Street and Westlake Avenue. Where else do you find that? And parking is free!As a New Yorker I was hesitant about having " the best Pastrami: especially on the West Coast but I was proven wrong.  I entered Pastrami Paradise and it tasted oohh so good. I ordered the #19 and thought I would only eat half , lets just say that It ended with me eating up the crumbs. From the meat to the bread the food is amazing.  Wish I could bring a little sandwich back home :(How do you define "love at first taste" Just order #17 and you will have the same feeling.WOW! Pastrami at its finest! Can't believe it took us this long to finally try a #19 from Langer's!My huband, mother-in-law and I were in the DTLA hood and I thought it'd be a good idea to finally go to Langer's. My husband and I shared a #19 and enjoyed the hell out of it! While eating it I thought "Hm, maybe I should get my own order next time." but by the time I finished I was stuffed! The pastrami slices were a little thick but OH SO TENDER and FLAVORFUL! The slice of swiss and coleslaw were great compliments to the salty pig glory and the rye bread added the perfect textures of crunch and softness.Service was friendly and our food arrived no more than 5 minutes after ordering. Langer's has won us over as super good and super classic!The group of girls that I went with weren't a fan of the neighborhood, but it didn't put me off one bit. We walked in, was greeted immediately and sat when our whole group was assembled. Our server was cheery and didn't mind answering all of our questions (and we had a lot), so he was tipped generously. The server warned us that the sandwiches were huge. Despite me walking in starving, I got a half sandwich order of the regular hot pastrami (just meat and bread) but added tomato and lettuce, 'cause I can. The pastrami, is delicious. Everyone should try it. While the crust of the sandwich bread is very toasted (some may not like how hard it is), the actual bread is so soft and complements the meat beautifully. Also ordered a side of fries. They're crinkle cut and fried to perfection. I love my fries. Nomz.Last side note: The menu is huge. You might be overwhelmed.Finally checked this off the LA restaurant bucket list. I feel it's in the legendary diner status along with Philipes, Canters, Apple Pan etc.The pastrami is legit. However the $14 price tag is not. Especially when it comes with no side. The tuna salad is very good as well but again it's $$$.Lunch for 2 will set you back $40 here which is why I don't see myself dining here on the regs. Maybe once a year or so. Parking is weird as the lot signs make it look like it costs $30 to park but you get validated inside apparently. I found street parking as well.#19 all the way~The coleslaw and the pastrami combination on  rye bread makes my mouth water... drool drool~Their pickles are crispy, crunchy and is flavorful.The chili cheese fries were a little disappointing. I probably would not get it again...The sandwich is definitely yummy and belongs in my tummy~Rye bread is amazing - stands out.  Pastrami is delightful as well.Yet another LA landmark that I somehow missed in 12 years of residence.My buddy insisted we go to Langer's since I hadn't been here when I lived in LA.  I read the reviews and figured I should make the drive, since I also never bothered to go to Canter's while I lived here, and felt like I should give a landmark deli a try while I'm in town.Well, more regrets that this wasn't one of my regular stops.  I rarely get too excited over a sandwich, but this was different.  I went with the #19, since that's the one that gets all the press.  The deliciousness cannot be overstated.  The rye bread may well be the best rye I've ever had.  Crispy crust and a super soft inside, absolutely out of this world.  The hand cut pastrami was tender, lean and juicy and piled in perfect proportion.  The coleslaw and Russian dressing were a perfect compliment to finish out what may well be the best sandwich in LA.  The pickle was nice and crunchy and an excellent addition to the plate.We also split an order of fries, which wasn't necessary, but done perfectly none the less.  They were lightly golden fried and were done perfectly so you could actually taste the potato.Whether you live in town or are just in LA for a visit, Langer's Deli is well worth the stop.  Locals who have not been here;  don't make the same mistake I did and come here after you've moved away.  This should be a regular stop.Rollercoaster of Pastrami quality, but....  They are baaaaccckkkk!Had them cater for about 50 people .  We ordered alacarte trays of meats.  Pastrami was back on point.  Juicy, nice crust with spices.  Tender.  MMMMM.... Everything that makes it one of the top dogs in the whole U.S. of A. So maybe my previous visit was a bad day.  Lets hope for all the legions of folks eating at Langers they can keep the quality where it needs to be. Let the pastrami kingdom live on!I WOULD HUNT A BABY FOR THIS PASTRAMI!!! So that line was just to get your attention, but GODDAMN this is the best PASTRAMI IN LA!!!! And for $16 a sandwich, it better be. Trust me kids, go with #19 and the swiss cheese melted onto the thick slices of juicy pastrami, topped with cabbage in a sauerkraut mixture stacked into Rye bread will not disappoint!!!!!P.S. It's way better than Canter's.If this place were in New York there would be a line out there door everyday and locals and tourists alike would flock to it and tour buses would be pulling up that's how good the pastrami is here.#19.Number, effing, 19.I don't even love pastrami. It's $15 but good for two. Don't be fooled by the compact size; the sammich packs a powerful punch and you'll find you might even have leftovers with your half.So, in summation: #19.Being from NY no questions this is the best pastrami on the west cost. If you never been to this place it's worth the drive. You got street parking and also a parking lot. The place is always busy. Don't show up hungry! I can assure the wait is worth it. Anytime I am craving pastrami I come  here.I was on a quest to find the best Pastrami Sandwich on the West Coast and the place that was featured from the Southland on TV (Philippe's) and touted as the best was very disappointing to say the least. Then along came the former Yelper named Ching A. who directed me to this LA institution. I've never heard of Langer's prior to her mentioning it to me. If you didn't know her, she was one of the best and most helpful Yelper I have ever met on Yelp. I still keep in contact with her thru other social media outlet. I didn't know what to expect, but I made it a priority to visit the place on the last day we were in LA. It's located right across MacArthur Park, which has been featured on the silver screens on numerous occasions. Luckily, I found parking right across the place and quickly pulled in. It's not the cleanest of neighborhood, even kinda shady-looking as I noticed there was a Mexican guy mad-dogging me when I got out of the car. Sh*t, I thought he was going to stab me, but it turns out that he thought I was looking to buy fake social security cards. WTF? Do I look illegal? I felt a sigh of relief so I moseyed on inside. Apparently, this place has been around since 1947 and is touted as having the best Pastrami Sammich. I'll be the judge of that, I thought to myself. I looked at the menu and it was extensive. They had all kinds of Pastrami Sammiches and other kinds of sammiches. They even served breakfast, steaks, fish and salad. Wow, I was just salivating looking at the menu. But I was a man on a mission and ordered the Hot Pastrami to go. One fricking bite and I was a believer. Damn, the hot, moist, tender, juicy, succulent meat mixed with the Cole Slaw felt like an orgy in my mouth. Damn, bite after bite made tears run down my cheeks as I was in pure elation and joy. Hallelujah! Praise the beef!Just like MacArthur, whom the parked is named after - I shall return.*NOTE: It's pricey for a sammich, but it's fricking worth it.*Langers! No place like this in LA comes close to the comforts of #19 I love it! It's quite big so you can definitely split it because a half sandwich is like a full sandwich anywhere else and I always get the French fries extra crispy.The service is what you would expect from this old time establishment friendly and casual but just come for the food don't sweat the other stuff. Parking is somewhat difficult and also I wish they were open 24 hours that'd be great.Great establishment with classics that were done right. #19 and a sprite or coke can't go wrong!Definitely the best pastrami sandwich on the west coast.  I'm partial to the "restaurant-that-must-not-be-named" in NY.  I know everyone loves the #19 that has cheese & slaw but I like it plain.  The pastrami is so good, the slaw covers up the flavors.  Other great items on their menu: matzo ball soup, french fries & cheese cake.  I usually ask for a side of Russian dressing to dip my fries in.5 stars purely for the delicious pastrami. I got the standard number 19 and was not disappointed. The sandwich was extremely meaty, filling, and juicy. The area is very ghetto and it is kind of pricey but overall the service was quick and the sandwich deserved the five stars.Had this twice in the past month and its still the best!  Also I found out that the reason why they ask for your car and car color when you call in togo is because they do curb side service where they take the food out to you!  No more having to look for a spot or park in the parking lot and walk there.  Just pull up and they will come out to you.I feel terrible now because I'm in that small bunch who didn't give Langer's a five star, glowing review..But yes, Langers (#19 to be specific) pastrami sandwich on rye was yummy, definitely worth the short 10 minute wait outside, and maybe even the small quest to find parking (the dedicated lot was full). But not so yummy that it could shut my mouth from questioning the $15 price tag and asking the inevitable "no fries?!". I'm even going to risk the head shaking and criticism from fellow Yelpers by stating it was not the best I ever had. Don't hate me though! I would definitely take out of town friends here because like Pink's, Langer's is one of those LA spots you HAVE to try at least once. Just remember, they close a lot earlier than you would expect, so don't wait it out too long! ( Monday - Saturday close at 4)oh yeah, while eating, a lady next to me ordered a chocolate coke; a giant question mark appeared above my head and I thought another would appear over the waitress's but nope, I guess its a commonly ordered beverage here. Needless to say, I had to try! I was not disappointed lol.I feel like a prick giving such a mediocre rating...The pastrami was good, the staff was attentive, parking was validated for 90mins.However... although the pastrami was good it was nothing spectacular. I guess I allowed everyone to overhype it for me. I ended up getting the #19 and it was filling. But I was lacking that euphoric sense of satisfaction I have after a truly decadent, mind blowing meal.And just so you guys are aware I don't just get that feeling with gourmet cuisine. I've had that feeling with hot dogs, salads, chamangos, burgers, fries, steak ... you name it. When food is good, I'm in 7th heaven. It's almost like an addiction...Anyway, my point is: Langer's didn't do this for me. And I was sooo very disappointed about it. All it did is relieve my hunger... bah! For a sandwich that costs $15 this is bad... bad bad bad. I could have skipped the fries, they're cafeteria type fries. The cream soda was ok. Upside: validated parking and friendly waitress. Oh yeah the coleslaw was pretty good. Not super creamy or runny.I've heard Langer's mentioned in several "best sandwich", "best pastrami", "best deli", and "must try" conversations. And while I had the spot bookmarked for some time, I never found the time to make it out. I didn't want to deal w/ the hectic area, the parking, the notorious lines, etc. We made it a point to scramble and make it out before the Saturday lunch rush. And boy, oh boy, oh boy, are we glad we did. At this point, what can I say that hasn't already be said? Yes, #19 is what we got. Also a half soup/sandwich combo and some coffees. And yes, it really is what everybody says it is. Absolute deliciousness. I would still give "the best overall sandwich" award to Pasadena Sandwich Company, but Langer's pastrami comes in at a very, very close second.We've all heard the comparisons before, between Langer's and Canter's. If you ask me, there's no question about it. While Canter's seems like a mid-caliber little assembly-line deli, Langer's is staffed with super friendly workers, fast service, and actual delicious food. Truthfully, I'm a total princess when it comes to lines, so I doubt I'll be coming back often. But I do wish I had a little more patience, because Langer's is really that good. Do yourself a favor: listen to the other reviewers. Forget trying to find "hidden gems". You're at Langer's for the #19, as they all say. Get it, and get out. Simple.I hate to sound like a broken record...but I must join in the rousing chorus of praise for the #19. Like many other reviewers, I came here solely to see what all the hype was about. And--not even being a huge fan of pastrami OR rye bread--I was NOT disappointed! Huge pile of pleasantly salty pastrami; yummy melty cheese; super soft bread. This is an utterly melt in your mouth delicious sammie. I didn't even mind the $15 price tag--and why would anyone? This ain't no Quizno's, people. You are paying for the best version EVER of something. My only word of warning is that you will never be able to order another pastrami sandwich from anywhere--it will just end up paling in comparison to Langer's.Probably the best pastrami sandwich I've had to date. So why only 3 stars?1. It's $15.50.  Plus tax and tip.  2. I enjoy Pastrami sandwiches, but I'm not gaga over them.  If you are, then you'll love this place.  If not, don't go in expecting the best sandwich you've ever had. The sandwich was very, very good and I have no regrets over coming here.  But I probably won't be coming back.(Review based on 3.5 stars)Stopped by here with my husband after we cultured ourselves up at the Natural History Museum (only 3 miles away). We wanted to get some lunch and let my yelp bookmarks lead us here.When we first got there, there was quite a line (we arrived today after 2 pm). So we decided to just order to go (no need to wait in line outside of the restaurant for that). We got the famous #19 (pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw, Russian dressing all on  rye bread... but of course you could always ask to top it on another type of bread if you want) to share. I had originally wanted to purchase a large Matzah Ball Soup, but we were told that they only sell one size to go (1 quart), which is placed in a glass mason jar and cost $10.95 (prior to tax). That is just too much soup for us and the sandwich we ordered was already pretty expensive, so I decided not to order it after all. Anyways, we waited a little less than 10 minutes after we ordered our sandwich. Then we were on our way back to our car (by the way, parking is off of 7th & Alvarado... 1 block behind the restaurant.. free parking with validation) and just decided to eat this at the next location on our L.A. outing. Anyways, when we finally got our hands on the sandwich, we both were in agreement that the sandwich was delicious. I wouldn't say this is the best pastrami sandwich I have ever had though, but it was good. The Russian dressing and cole slaw were good to give added crunch and flavor to the sandwich. But this sandwich was a little messy for both of us. But it was a nice touch to find a towelette and a mint in our to go bag. We also had a small plastic bag with 3 pickle halves, but since we didn't have scissors on us, we both were not able to try it with the sandwich. The pastrami meat itself was quite juicy. Overall, this sandwich was pretty good!So with a great dining experience, why am I only awarding Langer's 3.5 stars you ask? Well the price for this sandwich is MUCH higher than any other Jewish Deli style restaurant that I have ever gone to and although I thought this sandwich was a winner, I don't think I would come back because of that high price. Also the lady who took our order wasn't really that friendly and I wished there was a smaller to go option for the Matzah Ball Soup. So until Langer's lowers their prices, I sadly won't be coming back (unless someone really awesome would like to invite me and pay for my next meal).For as long as I have been in LA, it still amazes/saddens/confuses me that I have never been to Langer's... until today.Yes, the area sucks.  it really is a shame.  Yes, the place looks like it was caught in a time warp, which I actually love.  And yes, the pastrami is superb.Is it the best pastrami sandwich I have ever had... and this comes from an NYC born, NJ raised nice Jewish fella who has seen his share of East Coast Delis and Diners... Yes... and I will tell you why.1)  The cut is thick and the meat is tender and delicious.  The flavor is full and mouthwateringly delightful, but actually a bit subtle... Meaning there is not the typical overly salty, mouth puckering brine that so many pastramis induce... I asked for lean and they delivered.2)  The rye bread is perfect... best I have ever had... perfectly crusty... and perfectly soft... the ideal balance.So why only 4 stars?  The price and the sides.  The price is high... but sadly the meat piled on was not.  And the sides are none... well... a pickle slice.More meat... and something to come with the sandwich... coleslaw... potato salad... anything... and you'd have me at 5.I know we eat waaaayyy too much in this country and maybe we are just used to/expect over sized portions... but there is something nice about having half a sandwich left over for lunch the next day and/or to make your own deli omelet with...That's just me... even a little more meat would be nice... But other than that... it was worth the drive and the adventure and the calories... and I will be back... and will bring others... and maybe... maybe I'll even order something else... The burgers and the French Dip looked heavenly.The Delis are really delicious and hot! Here is a happy place , me and my friends often eat hereSo first a friend recommends this place then my boyfriend tells me it's playing all over his sports radio so I guess I should try it.  Apparently #19 is all the rage so I know what I should order.  I really didn't want to wait so we decided to call our order in and just curbside pick up.  Called and they said 15 minutes so we wait awhile then left the house.  Once over there we called them and a lady came swiped my card and gave me my food.  Oh yah did I mention it was raining?  But the lady had a smile on the whole time. 5 stars just for that.Now if you've been reading the reviews you'll already know #19 is amazing so I'm not going to repeat them.  My only advice is just get it.Of course, the great pastrami debate: Katz's Deli in NYC or Langer's in LA? This was my first stop arriving in LA, straight after leaving the airport. I ordered the #10 (pastrami and Swiss cheese sandwich on Rye bread with Russian style dressing) since I'm not a big fan of coleslaw. The pastrami was tender, although did not hold the same magical tastiness as Katz's. What I think makes Langer's pastrami sandwich the better overall sandwich is the double-baked rye bread. It really holds the rest of the sandwich together and gives it that needed crunch. I would say that Katz's hand-sliced pastrami is better in terms of taste. Delicious, tender, and peppery. However, their single-baked rye bread falls apart really easily and makes eating the sandwich a lot harder than at Langer's. All in all, both legendary pastrami places. Langer's service is also very good; the staff were all very courteous.I have never heard of this place before, but I'm glad I was here. I had the famous number 19, hot Pastrami, cole slaw, swiss chees and russian dressing on rye with side of pickles.  Pastrami seems like it just melts in your mouth along with the swish cheese and the dressing. All the flavor seems to balance each other in a perfect harmony. If I lived here I would be here all time.Finally went here with my family after seeing the place on TV. I had the #19 and it lived up to all the hype. My son had the pastrami at Katz deli in NYC last week and said he could not chose which one was the best.A little expensive but worth splurging once in a while.When I had a vision of Langer's Deli, I imagined a picture similar to Phillipe's in Chinatown. Wait in line, order the food on your own, and then roam around the joint to find a place to sit. Much to my surprise, the setup is the same as a coffee shop or any family restaurant (meaning they seat you at your own table). No wonder you Yelpers rate this place so well.All the rumors that you heard about their famous combination #19 is the absolute truth, right down to the very last bite. They bake their own rye bread to smother the pastrami, swiss cheese, and cole slaw. The pastrami is tender, yet sliced thick and wholesome. Just the right amount of flavor and spice, not too fat and not too lean. Even, the cole slaw blends nicely into the sandwich, giving you that missing crunchy texture. I had to think twice to realize that maybe this is what a real pastrami sandwich is supposed to taste like. Can we get an extra pickle over here?The restaurant is real cozy, right down to the classy 70's décor. If there was a word to describe this place, I sense "inviting." The staff is friendly and the waitresses exhibit their individual sense of flair and experience. Simply cute in my opinion. They do their jobs well, with extra attention and care given to each customer. I understand why their loyal fan base continues to wait in line during rush hour. The area is busy (next to MacArthur Park), but the parking makes sense, as they give you validation for 90 minutes if you park on their lot, which is one block East of 7th and Alvarado.I ordered the Chili Cheese Fries and that was sensational. Their chili tasted better than any chili I've had in a while. A bit salty, but mixed with the melted cheese and crispy fries, it's really something to talk about. The Celery Soda (Dr. Brown's Original Cel-Ray) was nothing I've ever seen before. Gulp, not bad. Just tasted like a light lemon lime soda, but I wished it contained real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup.FOR FUTURE VISITS*  Egg Salad Sandwich*  Tuna Melt*  Their Breakfast Menu (Omelettes, Hot Cakes, Eggs)*  Desserts (Apple Pie, Cheesecake)*  #11  Turkey, Ham, and Swiss Cheese (with Russian Style Dressing).*  #33  Patty Melt (on Rye or Sourdough) - Juicy Ground Beef, Melted American Cheese, Served with Onions, Pickles, Cole Slaw, and French Fries.According to many, Langer's Deli is "home to the greatest pastrami sandwich on earth." Maybe not, but it's pretty damn close.My last meal would be their tongue, cole slaw & russian dressing sandwich. BEST deli, better than any I've been to in NY or Chicago. The rye bread is to die for--seriously--bring on the carb overload, Langer's, I'm ready!Best part, is, they have curbside service. You call ahead and someone meets you at the curb with your order. You can pay by cash or credit card.i have to admit i was a little put off by the pictures of pastrami sandwiches on yelp. my initial feeling was: ugh, the slices of meat are much too thick.  it took a bit of convincing to get me here.  like a year of asking.i reluctantly came here and was so glad to be completely wrong.  so many things can be attributed to disappointment with pastrami: too briny/salty, too chewy, too dry, too fatty... none of these things were a problem with my #19- in fact just the opposite. and even with stacking it with cheese and cole slaw, it wasn't piled so high that required to removal of half the pastrami either.  the rye bread deserves some accolades too.  generally, i prefer my pastrami sandwich to be prepared as a ruben (grilled) and again was surprised it wasn't offered (or at least i didn't see it among the 100+ items on the menu).  no need for the bread to be enhanced by grilling- it's awesome!  fresh rye bread that has a crunchy crust like fresh made sourdough.  it's an expensive sandwich, but i took half home for later so it really turned into two meals.  there is a reason for the lines and a reason for the 1000+ positive reviews.I know a certain Yelp Elite who will beat me up and strangle me to death for not giving Langer's 5 stars. Okay, so maybe I'm kind of stingy on stars but I really feel like Langer's was pretty darn good but it's more of a 4 star experience.They have you wait outside on the sidewalk in a makeshift line. After seeing the inside, I can see why they do this. They simply don't have the space for you to hang around and wait. The interior of Langer's looks like it hasn't been changed since day one. It looks like an old style deli. They even have glass cases with cakes inside.The waitress was really nice and pretty attentive. You have to walk up to the counter to pay though and I didn't feel like they were all that friendly at the counter. The restaurant is really quiet inside even though it was full. I felt oddly like I was in a library or in a patient waiting room and had to watch my voice level. Even the kids were all quiet.The menu can be confusing because it's pretty much 3 pages of jam packed list of the dishes they offer. The texts are small and there several text boxes. Don't worry. Skip through all the BS and just order #19. I'm sure some other stuff on the menu is pretty good too but who gives a crap. We all know everyone comes for #19.So what is this #19? It's their thick cut pastrami sandwich on rye with Russian dressing and coleslaw. Let me warn you that their plain pastrami sandwich is about $13 and the #19 will cost you a pretty penny at $15.30 before tax and tip. Is it worth it? Sure. I just wouldn't make this my primary food group or I would be broke pretty fast.The thick cut pastrami did live up to the hype. It is very unique indeed. The taste and texture of the sandwich is vastly different from that of the typical pastrami sandwich. The meat has a soft yet substantial texture and it has a deeper flavor than the thin slices of pastrami.. The pastrami itself is on the sweeter side. I felt like my sandwich could use a little more saltiness in its combination of flavor but that's nothing a lot of mustard can't fix.They provide you with both dijon and yellow mustard in a squeeze bottle tableside. I find that the most effective way to maximize your mustard input is to use both kind and squeeze them onto your sandwich in large quantity before each bite.I tried their chili cheese fries but it was nothing to write home about. I would skip it next time and just stick with the pastrami.One of the best pastrami sandwiches I have had. Even after I have had it for a month I still think about it. PASTRAMI WITH COLESLAW AND RUSSIAN DRESSING SANDWICH ($17)- definitely one of the best sandwiches I've had- the pastrami was perfectly seared and was never tough to bite through- the coleslaw adds a nice touch because I got my veggies in for the meal- the rye bread itself was very soft- all in all the sandwich is delicious and can get quite messySERVICE: Love the curb side pick up of togo orders. I called ahead and my order was ready the moment I pulled outside of the store on 7th St. One of the Langer's workers came out and gave me my sandwich and ran back in to charge my card. Within another 30 seconds, she comes back out with my card and I'm on my way to enjoy a delicious pastrami sandwich.Overall, I am so glad I finally got to try Langer's after the recommendation of many. The sandwich is enough as 2 meals when you complete each half portion of sandwich with a drink or a side. I can't wait to try another version of the pastrami sandwiches or better yet even be able to eat at Langer's again. The only downside is the price of the sandwiches, which make it infeasible to have Langer's everyday. Also the parking can be rough in this part of Westlake, that the Curb Side Service was probably the best idea ever. Nevertheless, everyone should visit Langer's and find out why Blackboard Eats considers it one of the best sandwich spots in LA!I've been coming here for NYE for 4 years straight. It's the only time I go to Langers. The quality of the pastrami is amazing and I don't think I've been able to find anything better. It's a bit pricey (about $15) for a pastrami sandwich, but it's definitely worth the price and wait. I went away from the usual #19 and ordered #44 (sauerkraut) instead, and boy was it still just as good. I enjoy eating sauerkraut, so this was good for me. If it's not your thing then go with #19. Can't go wrong with either.Heading straight for the pastrami sandwich. #19. Ask for extra pickles. Order fries and a side of ranch. That's all you need right there. My boyfriend doesn't like cole slaw and he liked the cole slaw. I don't like pastrami, but I love this pastrami! Amazing combo that we normally would not like together and we both agreed that its delicious!#19 stop bullsh#*%ng  One of the best sandwiches on earth!I've only been to Langer's once and I am a fan!  Definitely coming back! Yay:-Hot brisket dip sandwich: their au jus was very flavorful and complemented the sandwich perfectly! Meat was super tender!-Pastrami on rye with cole slaw and russian: this had really great flavors.  You can tell they know how to make pastrami! This was also really tender.-Macaroni salad: creamy and had a good mix of flavors.  Definitely would order this again.Ew ew ew.This review is for the location, the food and the staff here.If you would like to be eye raped by everyone on the streets, please park one block away and walk to this dining establishment.If you like to pay top dollar for a below average pastrami sandwich that tastes like sand, please come dine here. If you want to be rushed to order your food, and for the servers to just suggest any old thing to get an order in and not listen to your requests, please come eat here.If you like to he herded to your table like cows in a corral, come to langer's!Thumbs down all around !My husband and I went to Langers for the first time today and loved their food. My husband ordered the number 19 pastrami and I ordered the beef brisket plus we opted for some chili cheese fries. It was a pricy lunch but well worth it. Although the $15 dollar price includes the sandwich only they give you generous portions and the fries or similar sides are only 3 bucks. I highly recommend it !Here's the thing-We went here because someone said, "Langer's pastrami is the best!" Now, I've heard that same thing in reference to Art's and Jerry's.Plus there was the whole stigma of Langer's being a historic location and stuff.First of all, even if it is historic, it's located in a very dirty section of downtown L.A.There are so many potentially non-business-license-holding/unregistered street vendors, and shady looking characters that you'll either need a concealed carry permit or at least a can of mace to feel safe while walking from your street-parked car to the restaurant.That's just the exterior...let's consider the interior shall we?I think it's cool that they've apparently kept their vintage (and probably original) tables, lamps, waitress uniforms, flooring, and even some of their original customers (the clientele was 90% nursing home age when I went). But at the same time, there was a dingy and grimy feel to the out-datedness.The thing that made me laugh was the location of the restroom. It was up a steep staircase with no elevator access. HOWEVER, in the restroom there was a handicapped stall! What?!? What about the actual food? Well, I think there's only so much you can do with a pastrami sandwich. Once you've mastered it, there's nowhere else to go with it.Langer's food was indeed very tasty. The pastrami sandwich was absolutely wonderful. Now, can I honestly say that it's better than any other pastrami establishment or deli that I've been to? No. I cannot. So, here's my tip: If you are in the neighborhood and you either feel comfortable with your kung-fu or you're packin' some kind of legal self-defense device, go ahead and park your car and enjoy the food.BUT- if you live near any other highly rated deli or well established pastrami shop that serves quality food, there's no need to come to Langer's.I have always been a fan of great pastrami, so when your a fan, its always best to go to the spots that can get the job done with taste and service. Langer's is the place to be. A few friends and I decided to visit one of the top places that could serve up some delicious pastrami that would not leave us disappointed. We arrived and all of us decided on either the straight up Hot Pastrami with Cole slaw on the side or the number 19 with a share of chili cheese fries.  You will not be disappointed with either choice. The smell, the taste, the looks of this delicacy will leave you ready to destroy at first sight. The flavor is amazing as well as the service. This place has curve side service as well, so you can stay in the car and get your order as well. I have tried other pastrami joints such as The Hat, but in the end, you have to give this place a try. You will leave full and ready for another visit.Their pastrami sandwiches are heaven in your mouth - salty goodness!// The staff here is attentive and sweet// Parking across the street - make sure you validate inside!// Menu is huge! Something for everyone.// Lots of seating - place gets busy - call in to reserve a spot.// Nooked in the middle of Westlake, not the best area but what can you do.Prices are my only complaint -  I mean yes the sandwich is good, but geez - for $14? Ouch.What can I say I love food and I love pastrami, now after I eat this # 19 Russian Pastrami there is no way I can eat Pastrami at any other restaurants or deli  Wow, holly mother of God this is the best ever I'm in loveThe quintessential LA dining experience. The first place I take visitors from out of town, especially if they're from New York so I can put their pastrami to shame.Well, a few days ago I ventured into the long-reputed gem of MacArthur Park. Like Taylor's Steakhouse, Langer's is a restaurant with high prices in a fairly unexpected location. Also like Taylor's, Langer's is terrific.I walked in around 2:00 PM on a hot day to find the beautiful relief of AC. The dining area was refreshingly cool without being too cold to handle. After awkwardly standing around for a moment, not knowing if I should seat myself, one of the servers offered me a seat at their counter.I perused the menu briefly and considered the corned beef before settling on the famous number 19: pastrami, Swiss, and slaw with a Russian style dressing. I wanted home fries, but the $3.95 tag made me settle on a small order of fries.The Number 19 was perfection on a plate. Everything about the sandwich was superbly executed. I used to think rye was disgustingly dry and heavy, but this rye featured a soft, light middle and a crispy crust. The pastrami was flavorful and moist, with thick fresh cuts stacked high. I found an entire sandwich almost too much to finish, so make sure to cut one of your halves into fourths.The fries were your fairly run of the mill crinkle-cut fries. They came out hot and fried to perfection. As much as I enjoyed them, I couldn't help but feel that these were far too ordinary for the price tag. I absolutely love the overall atmosphere of the restaurant. Langer's manages to have the charm of an old-fashioned American diner. The servers are as friendly as the ones in this idyllic fantasy. Fortunately, the restaurant is very well-maintained and clean.The only negative things about the restaurant are the prices. $2.50 is too much for the fries, especially considering the fact that they weren't special. $2.95 for a fountain drink is excessive, and $2.75 for a can of soda is robbery. I have fewer issues with $15.20 for the sandwich, but all these prices just don't quite fit, given the atmosphere of the restaurant.4.75 stars - yeah, the prices could and probably should be a little lower. That doesn't change the fact that it's an incredible pastrami sandwich. As a result, I didn't feel robbed or cheated after I finished. The best ever? Who knows. But it is certainly the best that I have had so far.Got to order the #19 grilled.  They have the best pastrami ever and the servers are always attentive. They bring you stuff that you dont even need to ask eg. like Napkins and ask if u need water before your drinks are done or ask if y need refilled if u are almost done. Parking is a breeze... free parking 1/2 block across the street, with very nice parking attentent.  But they only open for lunch till 4pm but not on Sunday....Langer's is an LA institution, and being a huge pastrami lover I had to stop in during my last visit to LA to check out the #19 pastrami on rye.  Found a parking spot on Alvarado, made a mental note of the parking meter, and got seated after a 10-minute wait in the outdoor line.  The place sure felt historic, with outdated decor/seats, but I enjoy restaurants like this, where it's busy and everyone (customers and servers) looks happy to be here.  Our waiter was awesome, and the food itself was very delicious, but it had better been for the money we were dropping for sandwiches.  The pastrami was juicy, tender, well-seasoned and thick-cut, and with the cole slaw, swiss cheese, and rye (which I usually avoid on a sandwich, but was great here), everything came together beautifully.  My friend's roast beef dip was good as well, but you gotta get the pastrami if you're going to come here.  The portions are huge (each half of the sandwich could easily make one meal), and if you can get past the $15.20 price (fries and drink extra!), the pastrami really is excellent.  For such a big restaurant, Langer's should also use an electronic system to calculate the bill instead of doing it by hand - our server, who was otherwise great, miscalculated the total and basically charged an extra sandwich to the bill, which took quite a bit of time to figure out since you have to go up to the front registers to pay (where lines can quickly form).  This little delay made me forget about my parking situation, and running back to my car I found it being ticketed by probably the rudest citation officer in the city of LA, who wouldn't budge on that ticket. Overall, though, I would drive anywhere, park anywhere, and pay almost anything to enjoy delicious food.  The price is high, but they do know how to construct an amazing sandwich.    I'll probably come back here only if a newbie wanted to try the place, but I really didn't mind the total bill, since the sandwich was that good.  Well, I did mind a little.  But not that much.After living in LA all my life, I finally decided to check this place out.  I LOVE pastrami, so I'm glad I didn't have to wait in line very long (20'ish mins) to taste what Langers is all about.I ordered the infamous #19.  This is your typical deli style sandwich. It tasted good, but I wasn't exactly blown away, but maybe it's because there was so much hype to this sandwich.  It's definitely better than most other pastrami sandwiches, but not the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  Their service was really nice - they even gave us a few pickles to sample, which was awesome because their pickles were yums.  They were really friendly and welcoming, so I wouldn't mind paying them another visit.Also, I found it a bit weird that their parking lot is about block away, but the walk wasn't unbearable.  Make sure you get your parking stub validated!Bottom line - I wouldn't mind coming back here, but it's not something that I've been finding myself craving.What is there to say. Pastrami dip is wonderful. The sugar rub keeps it moist. The corned beef Reuben is the best I've had. Hours & parking are a little inconvenient but the food is worth it. The wait staff is a mixed bag of friendly.  Sal was my favorite waiter  but don't see him anymore. Too bad cuz he was prompt & helpful. Great food if you have the time.If you want an old-school pastrami, with refreshing pickles and awesome coffee, and bask in Old La's nostalgic atmosphere, sitting a table away from local lawyers and politicians wearing bright pocket squares and all, this is the place for you. It's the real old Jewish LA, before the grand move to the West Side.The desserts look oh so fluffy and devilishly tempting as does just about everything else on the menu such as cheese blintzes, matzo brie, and coffee cake.One of LA's landmark. This establishment isn't located in the best part of town and does seem a little sketch. They have a dedicated parking lot a block down the street with a parking attendant so my friends and I were more confident about the parking situation. FOOD:I had the #19: pastrami with Swiss cheese and cole slaw. One of the BEST pastrami sandwiches I have had. If you think the hat's pastrami is good, this is about 50x better. the pastrami here is tender and full of flavor. The saltiness cuts through the sweetness of the slaw. The crunch of the rye bread's exterior adds texture. People might say its a bit expensive for a sandwich but you can't beat the quality here. Overall5/5.SERVICE:Our waiter was nice and courteous. Checked up on us every so often and made us feel comfortable. Overall 5/5DECOR/AMBIANCE:The restaurant has a very retro oldie vibe to it. You can tell this restaurant has been in this location for a while. Its not the most modern elegant looking restaurant but it is unique because of that. The restaurant walls are covered with awards and recognitions. A different atmosphere but clean and tidyOverall 4/5There's line rails outside the restaurant for a reason. We came here before it got busy but we were told people sometimes wait an hour or two to eat at the restaurant. I can see why. One of the best pastrami sandwiches I have had in a building that has lived through tons of LA history. Just get here before the crowds.#19 of course!This place is kind of a time capsule from the late 60s or early 70s: back when you'd eat a plate of meat, then smoke a Lucky Strike or two while you drank watery American coffee. Well now the coffee is better, and you can't smoke inside, but the meat ... OMFG ... is still amazing.  Go there HUNGRY, like, "if i don't eat in the next ten minutes someone is gonna get hurt," hungry.  Sit down, order the #19, fill your head with the best Pastrami this side of NYC, and your life will take a turn for the better (not if you are already a cardiac patient of some sort of course).Once more with feeling now. Say it LOUD and PROUD - Numba NINETEEN!  Just don't try to run... or even walk quickly...after eating one. Allow plenty of time for semi-narcotized protein/fat-induced dizzyness during the back-to-your-car waddle.  They have free validated parking a block away.Amazing Pastrami sandwich. The best I ever had! Sandwich, fries and a coke.....DONE!OUTSTANDING! Today was my first visit to Langer's. I've been to other deli's in and around LA and So Cal and have to say I was extremely impressed by Langer's. I had the pastrami on rye, with cole slaw and Russian dressing. Amazing! I love the fact the pastrami is thicker and hand cut preserving the great flavor. The pickles are off the hook as well. Our server was very friendly and attentive. From the moment I walked in, with the smell of pastrami in the air, I knew I was in for a special treat. I hope to be back soon.Matzo ball soup is awesome !!!!I would come all the way here just for the soup !!!The service is really good too. the server is always super sweet even though they are always super busy....I will come back for more soup. :)I had the #19 on a recent visit back to my hometown. This area was never my stomping grounds and I would have never visited it if it had not been for a buddy who just moved to K-Town.I am kicking myself in the ass for not finding this place on my own sooner.I loved the food! It's up there with top ten meals ever.I'm not going to lie.  I balked at the check for $35+ for 2 sandwiches.  Bf and I ordered #19 and Ruben with corn beef.  Both sandwiches were absolutely delicious.  On a Saturday morning, there was a line outside.  It moved surprisingly fast however.Service was fast.  I would come here again despite the steep pricing.So,it finally happened. After months of trying to have a day off and go to Langer's  and try the pastrami sandwich I did it.eI ordered one just like the one they serve at Katz's (pastrami and rye) and let me tell you. It was awesome considering that my expectations were high since many other fellas have been insisting me on trying this delicatessen. Anyway, there is no regrets and I am planing to come back soon.Langers #19 is famous and the only thing thats worthy of that status is that it could possible make someone feel famous when you're hanging out with a group of friends and someone wants to brag about their new favorite pastrami sandwich.The sandwich is small for 16 bucks.  The rye bread is very rye.  The pastrami itself taste good and stacked thinly and easy to chew.  The Russian dressing is a bonus.Trust me, theres better pastrami out there.  Don't just settle for reputation.Voted #1 best sandwich ever, seen on TV, etc, uh, YES PLEASE!  We knew we needed to try this place and the famous #19 as well as the French dip and beyond loved the food. My hubbie said he had never had a "real" pastrami sandwich before but was in love. I enjoyed it, but liked my French dip better. It was very costly for a sandwhich, in a not so great part of town, an old style cafe, and not anything exciting about the service. But a must do!very nice sandwiches.parking is easy across the street for free if you have the validation.cox plate was not as good as their sandwiches.only downside of this place is the price.i ain't paying 19 dollars for a sandwich!Had the #19 house special it was delicious Pastrami cut and cooked to perfection. Also had the pastrami chili ch fries very yum had a lot of flavor. The cream soda was delicious and refreshing good place to go but early cause it gets crowded. If u have a big party of 6 or more u can make a reservation which is great it was 11 of us and we were seated immediately for took a while but was worth the wait. It's in a bad area looks dirty and looks like there is a lot of crime so go in the day time lolThe pastrami here is delicious. For $22/lb, it's expensive, but worth it. The #19 pastrami sandwich on rye was good, but the meat was the star. This place is probably the best in LA. I still like Montreal smoked meat from Schwartz better, but that is a far way from home.My friend and I dined here for the first time today. Fortunately for us, like others have mentioned in other reviews, the food was not over hyped. Living in K-town I would pass by this place quite often on my way to work and being a fan of pastrami swore that I would try this place. And I must say it was amazing!Both my friend and I got the #10 (Pastrami, Swiss, and Russian dressing), despite the fact the #19 is the most popular, it comes with cole slaw, which both of us aren't too much of a fan of.The pastrami was melt in your mouth delicious. It wasn't overly peppery like some other places serve their pastrami, which isn't really an issue at most times, it is nice to actually savor the flavor of the meat itself instead of the the pepper crust. The Russian dressing was not overly slopped on and was there to compliment the sandwich. I got my pastrami on sourdough instead of the tradition rye, but either way (because I tried my friend's who had rye) it was still good just the same.All in all I could talk about how delicious it was for a while, but you should just go and try it. The servers there are polite and attentive; not overly talkative, but are there when you need them and to make sure that you have everything that you need to enjoy your meal. The prices are a bit shocking, but I love the food enough that it doesn't bother me too much, which made me rate them a 5, but I can see why others would give them a 4 for the price.I can definitely say that we will be going back very often and very soon. Enjoy!!After first eating here over 20 years ago, I'm going to finally write a review of Langer's Deli. Before eating here, my experience with pastrami was first with Eastside Deli in Chinatown and then with The Hat in Alhambra (at various locations today). I've never been back to The Hat ever since and occasionally I would go to Eastside Deli just for the memories because I grew up eating there. The main difference with Langer's and the rest is simply, quality. The quality of the pastrami is just far above any other pastrami I've ever eaten. With the cole slaw, Swiss cheese, and Russian dressing (#19), it comes together as the perfect balanced meal between 2 slices of bread (I prefer the rye bread, French roll, or onion roll the best).Short review: #19 - that's all there is, just eat it. One question to Yoomi below: Who orders pastrami, especially at Langer's (or any Jewish deli for that matter), on SOUR DOUGH bread? Do you see any photos of the pastrami on something other than rye bread? Sheesh.What is there to be said that has not already been said. I tried Langers for the first time today, and while I was hesitant about having high expectations, this place delivered. #19 is a must (next visit, I will try the pastrami + corned beef combo). Make sure you get your bread toasted so it won't get soggy, friend got the sourdough but keep it classic, get the rye bread. Don't get the 1/2 soup + sandwich combo, you'll have a huge empty place in your heart where the other 1/2 sandwich should be. Sandwich, fries, and a coke - perfect meal. If you're here before 12 on a weekday, you'll avoid all the big lines and wait.TLDR: other reviews have summarized it way better than I have (+ I have the most heavenly food coma right now from this food)Absolutely FANTASTIC. Can't go wrong with the #19 pastrami, Swiss, & slaw. Navy bean soup was great & matzo ball soup is pretty tasty. Take a quart home with you! They get packed in huge jars. Pretty, classic & functional. Their rye bread is perfect.  I want to be tucked into two giant sheets of it, fall asleep on the fluffy magical stuff, and eat my way outta them when I wake up. The pastrami is sliced thick & juicy. The best I've ever had. I won't bother with a lesser pastrami.Slaw is just right. Not too much mayo and not too little. Langer's my stomach & heart love you.  If you were open later I'd marry you.A great find! This place was suggested by a friend long time ago. I finally found my way to LA and visited this place with my husband. I love Pastrami sandwiches and this place knows how it is served. Many ways! I ordered their #44 and I was delighted. With a little more mustard, it is very close to the Holy Grail of Pastrami. It's real good! Too bad they don't have a branch in the Bay Area. I will be poor buying too many Pastrami sandwiches from them. LOL Don't expect it to cost a digit. It's double! Be prepared to be blown away.Probably the best pastrami in the city, but Langer's always seems out of place to me.  The park and Alvarado in general don't attract your typical jewish deli crowd.  I'm always intrigued by how the neighborhood must have been different when they first opened. Given the surroundings, their success speaks volumes about the quality of the food.My ranking:1. Langer's2. Nate n Al's3. Canter'sI was not a fan of pastrami, never was, but my friend insisted that I would love pastrami at this place so off we went yesterday afternoon for lunch. A day later and I'm still thinking about that pastrami sandwich on rye with swiss cheese and russian dressing. That's how good it was! Just looking at the sandwich, you'd wonder, "what's so great about it? it's plain-looking, nothing fancy; bread, meat, cheese, dressing, bread. And a pickle. Simple, right?" But take a bite and man, oh man, it was anything but plain. The pastrami was moist, tender and full of flavor! It melted in my mouth with every bite I took. I was in food heaven. The portion is pretty decent as well, I should've just eaten half of it but I just couldn't help myself and ended up finishing the whole thing. It is pretty pricey for a sandwich, about $15, not including fries or a drink, but it was worth it to me. Parking is down the block @ Westlake/7th, 90min with validation from Langer's.If you're in the area, give it a try. You'll either love it or you won't, but it's one of the places you should at least try once. Definitely the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.. so far.No doubt a delicious pastrami sandwich. But $15??My poor wallet cannot handle.I don't remember everything about my experience here because I was still waking up from a long shift in the hospital before I set out to travel here.I think I got a sandwich with pastrami and/or corned beef--I believe it was half/half. The sandwich was tasty and definitely had a classic diner taste. And of course, eating a sandwich in a restaurant older than I am also adds a little mental flavor.I like any place that has been around for a long time. It must be good if it can exist for years. I also like how it's in a "poorer" part of Los Angeles. With that said, it's probably good Langer's is only open from 8AM to 4PM. I wouldn't hang around this neighborhood during the night (that is unless you're from here and you're street smart).87%One of the best pastrami sandwichesShort Review***Came here Feb '12 with a friend.The day prior I had the chance to visit Katz Deli pastrami in NY for comparison.I thought that the regular pastrami sandwich (no other topping) was killer and worked best.It's probably the best sandwich you can get in LA if you have an appreciation for pastrami.It's dish best savored slowly.I like how the pastrami at Langers had a good portion of fat. it is considerably fattier than Katz, but the fat is distributed evenly in the meat.The flavor is very much enhanced by the fat as well as whatever spices the meat was cooked with.The spice levels are very balanced and complex, but its not quite as intense as Katz.The pastrami did not come across as too salty, which I liked.Texture of the meat is very tender and pleasant.Only notable thing I didn't care for was that the meat wasn't sliced consistently.Some cuts would be thicker, and other more thin than I'd care for.The toasted rye bread works wonderfully.The flavor of the rye comes out to be more intense with a lot of rye seeds.It's pleasantly warm, with a crunchy crust and a soft center.The bread easily tops the more bare bones rye bread served at Katz.Overall, I'd prefer Katz over Langers for a more intensely flavored pastrami and what appeared to be a more complex and engaging spice mix to it. It is a very close margin nonetheless.I enjoyed the #19 sandwich (Pastrami, coleslaw, Russian dressing, swiss cheese, not melted).It was good but I didn't think it measured up to a straight pastrami sandwich.The elements were well thought out, but it was more difficult to savor the subtleties of the excellent pastrami.Its a great sandwich if you want to chow down fast without thinking about the food.I could barely notice the thin slice of cheese.Value is good, and prices are affordable.It cost around $40 for a lunch for two, including two sandwiches, a chili cheese fries, and a regular coffee.I came here hungry and left entirely satisfied. Ordering the pastrami by the pound and taking it home might present an even more attractive value.Service is about average, ambiance is pretty depressing, but I don't think that's relevant here.Location and opening are the main cons of Langers.It's just not in the best of neighborhoods unless you're close to the 101, and they close at 4pm.Thankfully, there was no line to get in.Long review will get more into each dish.***Long Review-Hot Pastrami, $13.50 (Dish Rating, 90%)I came here with a friend of mine who is a chef.  We were both impressed with the pastrami sandwich here and felt it worked best.  I think the best possible experience from Langer's comes from savoring the pastrami itself with minimal condiments.  It has a complexity that gets obscured if you add on too much other stuff.  The rye bread works, because the starch compliments the meat without taking away much.  Perhaps a good drink pairing could enhance the pastrami as well, but I haven't explored that yet.Comparing Langers and Katz pastrami was difficult.  Both offered such first class products, where I think I had to nitpick down to some of the smaller details to decide which I enjoyed more.  Both had a good spice presence.  It just happened to be that Katz version was a bit more complex and intense.  Both pastrami were effective in that they weren't too salty, often a pitfall on many lesser pastrami.  It did not seem either Pastrami were particularly peppery.  Fat content of the pastrami was a notable point of interest.  Langers did have a higher amount of fat than Katz, and it seemed more evenly dispersed on the meat.  Neither versions had too much or not quite enough fat.  However the flavor of fat is not exactly similar to the flavor of spice, so it's up to one's preferences.  I did find Langers to be a bit more greasy, but the effect isn't excessive or unpleasant.Texture of the pastrami was also pretty close.  Both versions were notably tender.  What I did notice was that at Langers, the meat was often cut inconsistently.  Some slices would be nicely thick and a joy to chew through.  Other slices would be too thin for my liking.  At Katz, the slices would be more uniformly thick.  Each bite worked better texture wise when chewing through the meat.The rye bread from Langers was a high note.  The slices of rye seemed toasted, and more intense flavor wise from the rye seeds.  Nonetheless, the flavor of the rye seems to compliment, rather than distract from the pastrami.  It's nice to have some starch with the meat.Value is more or less the same with both sandwiches.  I don't recall the exact price of Langer's Pastrami sandwich.  It might have been $13 or $14.  The #19 is closer to $16.  Katz is around $15.95 before tax.  Portion size is comparable.  Langer's might offer a bigger portion, but I didn't measure either and can't say for sure.  The difference in value is negligible for me.I had the #10- Pastrami w/ Russian dressing and swiss cheese.  All in all a good solid pastrami sandwich - however Brent's deli is better.  The swiss cheese was not melted onto the sandwich - and it should have been.  The potato pancakes were quite good - but not as good as Nate N' Al's.  The service was terrific, as was the atmosphere - true old school Jewish deli feel.Here's a riddle: How many Jews does it take t walk in a deli and order just 2 sandwiches? The answer: 7. I know, it's not very funny - but it really happened. You see, 7 of us went on a food crawl and one of our stops was Langer's at 7th and Alvarado near MacArthur Park. Such an LA landmark, yet none of us had ever been there previously. We parked down the street in the free parking lot one block away and walked past the many storefronts of tattoos, piercings and 99 cents gadgets.I had heard of Langer's and their famous # 19 pastrami sandwich on the radio, so that's exactly what we ordered. The loudest in our group ordered 2 sandwiches to go (1 with cheese, the other without cheese for the Kosher queen in our group). More than $30 later, we walked to MacArthur park to divide our Langer's trove. Six of us opted to sit on the grass. I was the stand out, more hesitant than the rest, thinking if the homeless are going to bring their own cardboard, something must be wrong at that elevation. I'll remain stand, thank you very much.I enjoyed my 2 bites with great satisfaction but felt cheated not having more. Seriously, I didn't get to taste enough to give it 5 stars and the neighborhood was slightly questionable. The pickles were sealed in some vacuum-packed baggies which had to be opened with a pocket knife. We can all thank the rabbi for reminding us to carry our own switch blades and not borrowing from the park residents.A little history for you that I heard, not sure if it's true: If it wasn't for the underground train in the area, Langer's would have closed years ago. So here is my tip for you deli fans visiting Langer's: Dine inside or bring some extra cardboard for your outdoor tableware.Their special is the #19 with slaw and dressing on it, which I wish I hadn't ordered because it totally covers up the taste of the carefully prepared pastrami. Some say it's the best in the world, but I couldn't tell. Either way, it's a national treasure in the middle of a gorgeous ghetto and definitely worth getting out to at least once.Went Monday around 2pm and there was no line, no wait, and no rush. Wonderful service. The location isn't the nicest looking neighborhood, but I saw nothing that made me fear for my life/safety. You're walking one block from parking to restaurant...lol grow a pair, put away your judgmental attitude, and smile a little and you'll be amazed how friendly the people are. My friends and I were vacationing from SLC and of all the places we ate, this was tops. Reading the menu feels like studying for an exam, there's so much on it (I just found out it's posted on their website for those who don't want to feel rushed)! I ended up picking the #1 and it was #1!The rye bread balanced perfectly with the pastrami and cole slaw packed in the middle. Oh and don't get me started on their pickles! Being from Utah and not having access to the freshest fruits and vegetables all the time, I'd like to add that their pickles are the best pickles I've ever had. There was a sweetness about them and a hint of cucumber in each bite. Pickle heaven. In retrospect, the food was pricey, but it filled me up and really everything was pricey on my vacation. We also ate at Ralph Brennan's Jazz Kitchen and got meh food for 3x the priceyness.If I lived in the area, I'd stop by at least weekly going through the menu line by line and then head on over to Scoops for some ice cream :)The cost of the food drops my rating to 4 stars...but the taste of the food put's it at 4.9 stars...and that damn pickle (so good!) places it at a solid 5. Last thing I'd like to add is that I loved the way they seat tables. You feel like the secret service is seating you heh...you'll see. :)Excellent pastrami.  Good breadHad a wonderful lunch today and got to chat with the man himself, Norm Langer. What a great guy. Easy going, friendly and sincere, makes you feel comfortable in his restaurant. Turns out we lived 3 blocks apart when we were children! The pastrami is manna from heaven. Utter paradise. Good old fashioned crinkle-cut fries are a perfect side.  Gotta tell you, Langer's also has the best "small" green salad to get you started. Chilled to perfection with the best baby gherkin pickles and baby carrots. Generous helping of salad, loaded with freshness...cherry tomatoes, green olives, a huge sliced radish, crisp thinly sliced cucumber, grated carrots, croutons, this item used to be far smaller, in a little salad bowl. Today's had tripled in size from last year's model.Ahhhh...what a great day it was. Thanks, Norm!Best pastrami. Done.Was finally able to try the legendary Langer's pastrami sandwich!  Being the first time I've ever been to this place I circled and circled around looking for a parking spot only to find out that they validate at a nearby parking lot!  Almost got into a fight with a dumb ass store owner was setting up his ghetto store on the side walk nearby.  Damn this neighborhood is ghetto as hell!!!  Luckily we didn't have to wait long to be seated but knew ahead of time that I had to order the #19.  Was a bit skeptical as I am not a fan of rye bread but was told to try it just once that way and man was it tasty!  The rye didn't really taste like rye bread which was a good thing.  The pastrami and cole slaw were both awesome and didn't disappoint.  However the price tag was a bit steep for this sandwich.  I'd probably stop by again for another sandwich if in the area but definitely won't go outta my way.Ehh...that was my feeling after eating at this famous LA landmark. There were ropes to outline a line, but luckily we were quickly seated when we arrived.Why such a low rating? To be honest, their pastrami was fine. It was moist, fatty, and flavorful. But is wasn't head and shoulders above other delis around the greater LA area.I also tried the matzo ball soup and felt the matzo ball was a bit dry and flavorless. Subpar service is what made this an "eh" experience. It was hard to get the waitress to initially take our order and to refill my drink. Granted it was busy, but the business and workers should have adapted to that fact long ago. The menu is truly extensive with multiple combinations of their famous pastrami,  corned beef, and other sandwich offerings.  Prices were a touch high for the amount of sandwich you received, so slightly subpar value as well. Be sure to bring the ticket from their semi-private lot a block away so it can be validated!Langer's was on the Top 100 Places to Eat in LA and i happened to be in the neighborhood so I stopped by for lunch!I'm not going to lie, I almost gave up on this place when I was circling around the neighborhood looking for parking. Langer's is located right on the corner of 7th and Alvarado so it's really easy to spot but there is literally NO PARKING anywhere. They have a lot a block down for customers but it was $5 for 20 minutes.... um NO. I was going to get a to-go order anyway and wasn't about to fork out that much cash. Most of the street parking was unavailable because of street cleaning, and I saw a lot of cars with tickets so that made me nervous. Finally I found some meters on 8th street (crossing with Alvarado). Once I finally parked I had to walk a block over to get there and yes, it is an interesting area. I wouldn't recommend going at night, I was there around 12:30 so it was cool but yeah it could get sketchy in the evening. It's a predominately Hispanic area so it's not scary you just need to be aware of your surroundings. This one guy tried to hand me a paper but I politely declined in Spanish and that was that. So I finally got to Langer's and it was PACKED inside. It's a really big place but every seat was filled and they had a waiting list going already. I was lucky though and was able to go straight up to the take out counter and order. I had the #19 and a cup of joe which came out to a pricey $19.52. But holy crap was it worth it. I had to serve my own coffee (kinda weird but whatever haha) and I got a BIG cup so that was legit. But the SANDWICH. OMG the pastrami was so yummy and it was perfectly combined with the coleslaw, rye bread, russian dressing and swiss cheese. It was a party in my mouth. I don't even like swiss cheese but heck yeah I ate it all in this sandwich. The rye bread was nice and soft but crunchy on the sides, and there was a great amount of meat packed between the bread.The serving was way too big so I only got through half but it was definitely worth the price. YUM YUM YUM Get the number 19 for sure!!!Absurdly expensive $16 for a deli sandwich?!?!Best Pastrami recomend the #19 for the first timers worth the wit and moneyBest in town!!! The restaurant decor us all original. Service is amazing and pastrami sandwiches are the best!Hm....$17 for a #19 sandwich? Hm...I'm still struggling with the price to justify the sandwich albeit it was delicious, but there wasn't really a lot of meat as I thought there would be and the sandwich is $17.....$17!!!!I think I'll come back here one more time just to see if the price n taste bodes well with me because I really want to like this place but gahh I am so torn!But besides that, the sandwich is pretty big (larger than your normal bread for sure) and they do CURB SIDE DELIVERY IF YOU CALL IN! It's awesome. They come out with a little credit card machine (or change if you are paying with cash) and swipe it n everything all the while you are in the car!After passing this place 1000xs on the way to the bestie's, I thought I would give it a try after color run.PARKING: NE corner of 7th and Westlake. They validate!We came around 11:30a on a Saturday morning. I had thought the wait was going to be horrendous, but it started to pick up as we were leaving. They couldn't seat our party of 10 together, but that's okay! Order the #19. You must. What they say is true, and you won't be sorry. The meat was succulent, and the combination of everything was spectacular. If your appetite is on the small side, the sandwich is big enough to share. The fries are lackluster, but they're only a supporting actress to the lead pastrami. I ordered their chocolate milk. Don't judge me, but I swear it was a good pairing!Excellent food!  #19 was soooo good!  Joan is an excellent waitress she told us we would be so happy with our order and she was so right.   I was looking for a place that was as good as the Corner Deli used to be in Westchester/Los Angeles when it was open and this place surpassed my expectations hands down.YUM YUM! For those of you who know me, I don't really like to venture out of OC for food because I haate hate HATE driving! Especially in DTLA but I'll make an exception for Langer's. My sister took me here last summer and it was soooo good. I don't like pastrami sandwiches anywhere else but here. Although the prices are kinda steep for a sandwich, it's pretty big so it's worth it! You can definitely share one between two people if you get fries or a side with it. There's free parking (with validation) at a lot nearby so that's also a plus.Best pastrami blah blah best bread yada yada. This is all true. The only thing that brings this place to 4star is the prices. Very pricey. Everyone says get the #19. What comes along w/ your #19 is a $20 tab.Yes, it still is the best pastrami in LA though lol.This place is legit.  The real deal.  A bonafide deli.  My poison is fhe #19 and a cream soda.    That pastrami with that slaw....and that dressing....god D*MN!  It is around $15 for the sandwich, but there really is no other place where you can get a sandwich like this.  So I pay it happily.Been wanting to come here for years!  Saw the place on Food Network and had some friends who raved about their pastrami experience here.  I must concur! ABSOLUTELY hands down the best friggn quality meats ever on a sandwich!  DELICIOUS!!!I split the #44 which is grilled, pastrami w/ sour krout as well as the #19 which is corned beef with cole slaw.  BOTH were delicious!The #44 was a bit greasy and the #19 outer crust was like a rock but otherwise the quality of the food was amazing.However, it's a far cry from a bargain.  I mean $16 bucks for just a sandwich and a pickle, no fries or drink.  OUCH.  Not cheap.When I would hear about Langer's, it would always come up with "the best pastrami sandwich ever"What's surprising is that I would pass by the restaurant all the time, but never recognized it. Parking a street down and with validation from Langer's, it's FREE! There is a line but it doesn't take long to get inside. It seemed like a very casual place were co-workers families and friends can get together and eat.My boyfriend and I heard that #19 is the most popular item on the dish so naturally we ordered that with chili cheese fries and asked for pastrami on top.The pastrami was different from the kind we're used to. Normally, I think that pastrami is more chewy (like at the Hat) but here it was very tender.  Overall, there definitely is a reason why #19 is popular because it was delicious (with a bit of deli mustard in my opinion)The fries were okay, the pastrami did not match well with the chili cheese fries as much as I thought it would have.Overall, came out with a full stomach and a good experience!The # 19 is all you need to know. Call ahead and pick up curbside If you don't feel like waiting. If they didn't invent the pastrami sandwich the they set the bar. Treat yourself!Place is overrated to me. The quality of the pastrami is good no question about it, but it isn't life changing and it certainly isn't worth the price tag. There are sandwich shops in LA with comparable pastrami for less. So value is my big issue and I don't think this place is a very good value.I realize it has a soft spot for LA people who have a fondness for when the area was less Salvadoran and more Jewish. And it has remained a staple of Los Angeles for years. However, it was rated as best deli in America. It isn't even a deli.3 stars because it is tasty food.11:00 Craving for #19 hits, precipitated by friend's email about pastrami on pretzel bread.11:50 Called Langer's 11:57 Caught train at Wilshire/Vermont 12:01 Arrived at 7th and Alvarado aka Langer's corner. Paid $16.57, and was okay with it.12:05 Caught train back to office12:20 Food coma from only half a sandwich and one pickle12:30-5 PM guard refrigerator so nobody steals the other half1:45 Send self reminder not to forget my other half for my other halfCanter's is better. Canter's is better. Canter's is better. I would stake my life on it; I've been here three times at this point, each time ordering something different so I could have a few comparison points; while both places have very fresh tasting cuts and great pastrami, I gotta say Canter's kills when it comes to their rye bread, pickles, and while their fries are not the best in the world, at least they give you fries. At Langer's ya end up paying 16-22 bucks for a sandwich (22 if you want a side) and I just can't say I like it as much.I love Langers! I was turned on to Langer's a couple of years ago by a good friend of mine who loves food as much as I do. One day, he suprised me at work with a pastrami on wheat and boy oh boy, I have been hooked ever since. Although some would consider the pastrami a bit pricey, let me tell you, it is packed with nothing but meat! The pastrami is very flavorful and the bread is fresh. The only thing is I would not dine in due to the limited parking but they have even solved that issue by having someone bring your order out to you if you call it in..genius!If you are ever in the mood for a great pastrami sandwich packed full of meat, please try Langers..you will be glad you did!Their special, pastrami on rye w coleslaw & Russian dressing, is simply amazing! Pastrami is cut slightly thicker than average, nonetheless, your teeth will sink into the fat stack like hot knife to a butter. The meat is so savory, juicy & tender. The coleslaw adds the perfect level of crunchiness & sweetness while the Russian dressing brings it all together~ My mouth is literally watering as I'm typing this...Im not a pastrami person but the pastrami here is thick and moist. At my first bite, I wasnt too sure if it was good but at the second bite with the little peppers, it was greatI work up the street from this restaurant, and they specialize in Pastrami. People who have read my reviews will note that I bashed The Hat's, " World Famous Pastrami " claim  Because Langer's holds that title in L.A. County! This is the only place in L.A. that deserves to be paid 20.00 for a sandwich.....If you don't believe me, try it! I have never tasted Pastrami as good Langer's, anywhere!I don't always eat pastrami.  But when I do, I eat at Langer's  This place is by far the best pastrami I ever had.  Can't go wrong with the #19.  When I came here with my wife, we thought about splitting the sandwich.  But the more I thought about it, I had to have my own.  So we both ordered our own and DESTROYED it......well at least I did.  It's so freakin awesome!!!!!!!!!  And their french dip is a must try also.......I've lived my entire life in Los Angeles yet only tried Langer's for the first time today. The #19 lived up to it's reputation. Delicious combination of juicy and flavorful hot pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, Russian dressing, and the best rye bread I have ever tried (I have an aversion to rye bread, but the rye bread they use for their sandwiches was amazing). The sandwich was large and very rich. I ate over half and wished I had stopped a few bites earlier. The pickle spear that accompanied the sandwiches was a good palette cleanser. Our group of 4 shared a large order of crinkle cut fries. We could have done with the small order, as we left over half the pile.Free 90 minute parking, with validation, in the lot down the street. Brisk service. Prices were as expected for a legendary establishment. I'm happy to have experienced a delicious part of L.A. history.Yes, it's expensive.Yes, it's in the hood (free/safe parking, 1 block west on 7th/Westlake) Yes, it's kitchy (who doesn't love an old-school Jewish deli and piece of LA history?!)But, most important: YES, It's DELICIOUS!Lunch review:  I sat at the counter (no wait for counter service!) and ordered a 1/2 soup 1/2 sandwich combo.  I asked if I could make the #19 my 1/2 sandwich, and they said yes.  (score!).  I decided to try the Matzo ball soup (never had it before).  It's a small cup of broth with a large (think 1/3 cup circle) matzo ball).  It soaked up the broth nicely and was a perfect start to the meal.My 1/2 #19 was perfection.  Love the combination of the pastrami, swiss, russian dressing (never overly dressed, which I appreciate), cole slaw... and the rye bread.  SWOON.  I usually HATE rye bread, but Langer's rye is a different sort of bread all together.  Just enough rye with an amazing crust.  I'm not even eating bread these days, but will make an exception for two places:  Langer's Rye and Julienne's (in San Marino) Rosemary.I suddenly looked at my plate and it was empty.  While i thought I couldn't polish off a whole sandwich, I was regretting my choice to do 1/2. It's served with a 1/2 slice of pickle - which, normally, I love... but Langer's was WAY too salty.  I ate one bite and couldn't eat another.When the bill came - ouch!  The price for 1/2 soup, 1/2 #19 was just over $15 - about the same as the whole sandwich ($15.20, pre-tax).Oh well, live and learn.  My tummy was a happy camper and so was I.Loved my waitress!  She knew her stuff and was as pleasant as they come.Pay at the front counter (love that they take credit cards (visa and mastercard, only), got my parking ticket stamped, and off I went.I was in and out in about 30 minutes - perfect for the lunch rush.AWESOME! So awesome!Seriously the best Pastrami Ive ever had. Ever!  Im pretty sure they make it themselves. They slice these nice thick, tender pieces of tasty goodness and pile it on high onto perfect rye bread that is soft and chewy in the middle and crunchy on the outside. And then they put a nice slice of swiss and pile on the best cole slaw that is just right (not too soggy but just enough mayo and sugar to make it balance out the richness from the pastrami).Sooooooooo good.  I wish it wasnt so far from my house and in the ghetto. I also ordered the chili fries. AMAZING! so freaking good. And im a huge connoisseur of chili fries.  They start with this HUGE pile of crispy crinkle cut french fries. And they have a good crisp to them. Not all soggy like most places that dont know how to fry at the right temperature. Then they have this nice tasty chili that they slop onto it.  The chili is really yummy too and its not all crazy oily like most places.  Even though I love tommys chili fries it makes you feel totally gross when you see that all the orange oil from the chili has seaped out and soaked into the fries. It doesnt really do that at Langers. Well maybe a little. And even though we were all so stuffed....overly stuffed....we still ordered desert. We shared some warm apple pie a la mode and home made cheescake. The cheesecake was amaze balls. The warm apple pie was good but i wouldnt order it again. It was definitely too runny for me, albeit very tasty.  I prefer my pie to be more firm and not a sloppy syrupy mess. And the crust should also be less gooey.  The crust should provide an alternate texture instead of being gooey like the filling.....in my opinion anyway.My friend got the cabbage soup and also the pastrami.  He is Jewish and says that he measures all Jewish delis by these two items.  He was VERY satisfied as we all were.And our waitress was extremely nice too.#19 #19 #19 #19 #19 #19Excellent pastrami and coffee was great too. Cordial service. Reminded me of good old days with the interior design. Pickles were crisp and tasty! Clean bathrooms. A great place to hang out with friends and chill out. The seating is intimate.Don't really know what else to say, but that the #19 is the best pastrami I've had ever. It beats out everything that you've ever eaten, and I might even go as far as to say that it's one of the best sandwiches that I've ever had. It's a little bit pricey though ($15.20 for the #19) but it's also really really big (honestly I think 2 people might be able to split it if you don't eat too much). But it is really so good, there's pretty much nothing at fault with it.The bread was super soft but with a crunchy edge, and then the coleslaw was very well made and combined with the very thickly sliced pastrami very well, and with some of their mustard it was pretty much a divine combination. I would not hesitate to come back here at all, and they also have validated parking which is pretty awesome (90 mins for free).I work near Langer's and I swear every time I drive by I am transported to a world of pastrami happiness! I've only ever had their #19 and that's all I ever need to know. It's a huge sandwich I can never finish it.  So if you want to be  on the economical side split one with an amigo.. I never do though...I want all my yummy Langer's leftovers!Sidenote: The location is hoody...for the love of baby Jesus or whatever you believe in don't go exploring...out of boredom or just plain stupidity I crossed the street and "explored" the park...yeah it made me relive the days I worked in skid row...no go! Stay away from it!  On the good note they have parking! Yay!One time my psychiatrist asked me to search for any redeeming qualities in my soon to be ex girlfriend. I had to search deep, but eventually I found some. Now on to Langers. I'm searching, but I'm not finding. What a hole.ummm... been here 2 times, and have yet to be disappointed. Def, can't go wrong with #19. The pastrami, doesn't taste oily, this makes me want to eat it everyday. Some places give you very fatty pieces of pastrami, but here for 15 bucks you can enjoy quality pieces of pastrami. Fries, i am ok with, standard. Orange cream soda, is bomb here!! a must try!!!The best deli in L.A. yes I said it at least for me!!!  Use to come here with my mom and dad when I was a kid still the best pastram , brisket, does not matter what you order the best!When you set your mind to it, your stomach can almost do anything.  Including eating a second lunch just so you can finally eat a Langer's pastrami sandwich.For all the years that I've lived in LA and driven past this establishment, I have yet been able to bite into Langer's pastrami.  I've tried, but every time I go, which usually coincides with a national holiday, the line is out the door.  So when I drove by yesterday and didn't see a line, it didn't matter that I just had lunch nary an hour prior, I pulled over and ran into Langer's.I'm glad Langer's didn't change much of its period decor.  It's perfect and what I would expect to see out of a historic deli.  Dining alone, I skipped the group ahead of me and sat at the counter.  Man, the pastrami sandwich is quality.  I decided to skip the coleslaw and fixins' and just ordered the pastrami plain with a healthy slathering of mustard to sample the wares.  Pastrami is tender, juicy, and sliced just right (not too thin).  The rye bread might play second fiddle, but it adds the right amount of punch to the meat.  The crisp deli pickle also complemented the meal well.I enjoyed my meal thoroughly and would come back to sample more items from Langer's voluminous menu.  Even if it meant eating a second lunch!This place is the best their is nothing more to say!! Please try if you have not.It is better to go to a prepared place, top place known as also good idea though sometimes they become pricy---not all of them. Smell , taste, look everything should be appreciateable to have a nice and enjoyable trip.  If doesn't feel all these enjoyment comes into destroy. Amazing smell here. You must get service to stomach. Attentive and sweet service by the staff. Though the sandwich is good but the price seems little bit more---yet good. Less one for this.One of my favorite things to do is ride around for city a locate good sandwiches. My dad and I stumbled upon this spot and decided to give it a go. First, parking is terrible so beware. Now on to the sandwiches we ordered the pastrami with sauerkraut and it was solid. Not the best pastrami I have ever had, but it was good. Make sure you bring your check book because we spent over 40 a dollars on two sandwiches.16 bucks for sandwich that is small enough to be finger food. These guys are a joke. What a racket. And cheese on pastrami? This is a deli right? Nasty.This is some last meal on earth type of shit...It's been a really long time since I've been here since I was a child so I thought I'd see how my taste buds have changed over the years.We ordered two sandwiches: pastrami and corned beef. While both were piled high and served a la New York deli, we were a bit underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong, there was a lot of delicious meat in the sandwich but overall, the sandwich didn't put my taste buds in a frenzy. The bread seemed stiff and stale. After about eating half of the sandwich, we tossed the bread to the side and just ate the meat.Thanks for the free parking (across the street) but for nearly $15 sandwiches that were underwhelming, I think I'll pass on recommending this LA institution.THE BEST DELI SANDWICHES IN THE WORLD...and I've been to all the "best delis" everywhere. I remember 10-12 years ago Nora Ephron wrote an article in the New Yorker saying how this place blew Carnegie, Stage and 2nd Ave Delis out of the water -- I figured she was nuts, but she was so right. Get the #19 and a side of fries and that's all you need. Then you'll want it again within a week's time... if not sooner.I take my East Coast family and friends here when they come and they never believe me when I tell them it's better than any deli they know - but after the first bite they all become converts.The rye bread tastes like it just came out of the oven in NYC. A friend of mine who once wrote for LA Magazine interviewed Mr. Langer some years ago and he told her he'd go head to head with anyone in the world over his pastrami....and that's no chopped liver people, he wins every time!Pastrami is the best. My go to place. I even bought a pound of it to take home... worth ever bit of it.I am a jew and I know my deli foods.  This is the best sandwich I ever had.  Not even on the east coast is it this good.  Yes I said it.  And yes I do not like to spend too much, LOL I feel that this food is worth it.  Don't complain at the prices because one sandwich is enough for two people unless you are a very fat pig and want to eat one to yourself.  I wont judge you if you want to do that but you might want to get your health checked if you do that often. I used to be obese and I remember the eating patters of the piggishly overweight because I was there.  I was so fat that my thighs would rub together and wear out my slacks.  To punish me for ruining my slacks my mother would make me wear these to school with my thigh fat poking out of the worn holes in my inner legs.  I would glance down at my puffed flesh protruding through the holes and t would look like uncooked bread dough and this would simultaneously embarass and then make me hungry.  So to make a long story short I will not condone over eating but rather take a half of this sandwich to go with you.  It is the sensible thing to do and your wallet and heart will thank you.  Any sandwich is breath takingly amazing but my favorite is the reuben with the russian dressing and the glorius melted swiss.  This place is heaven.**700th Review**For my big 700, I'm reviewing a deli that's got a 4 1/2 star overall rating and has been reviewed over 1600 times, most of which talk about the famous #19 sandwich. But I'm here to spread the gospel on the #44, my all time favorite sandwich!Located in the heart of Downtown Los Angeles, Langer's is a super popular deli that's been serving Angelinos amazing sandwiches for over 65 years. The menu here is quite large, with tons of sandwiches, salads, sides, breakfast fare and more. As I stated above, everyone loves their #19, including me. What's not to love?Housemade Rye, pastrami, coleslaw, Swiss and Russian dressing make this a fantastic, must try sandwich.But the #44 owns my heart. Grilled Rye, Nippy cheese, sauerkraut and tons of Langer's phenomenal pastrami make this massive Sammie a masterpiece. I'm not sure if it's the wonderful grilled rye, the tasty Nippy cheese, the tangy kraut or the always amazing, melt in your mouth pastrami, but the #44 haunts my dreams. I crave this sandwich all the time. After my very first bite of a #44, when I had all those fabulous ingredients in my mouth at the same time, I knew I had found my all time favorite sandwich. Nothing else comes close. Nothing ever will. In fact, no matter what variation of pastrami sandwich you happen to try at Langer's (there are many), after that no other pastrami will compare. It's almost sad. After one trip to Langer's you'll never be able to fully enjoy any other pastrami sandwich.I've also had the #65, which is pastrami on rye topped with cream cheese and tomatoes.  An egg salad on sourdough that was probably the best egg salad I've ever had and a grilled Nippy cheese sandwich. I've also tackled their potato pancakes, French fries, potato salad and an amazing piece of warm apple pie topped with vanilla ice cream and Brandy sauce, all of which were fantastic. I also love both their cream soda and their egg cream beverages (both vanilla and chocolate). Service at Langer's is always top notch. The prices are a bit steep but when you're eating the best sandwich you'll ever eat, who gives a damn. If you haven't tried Langer's yet, and there are not many Yelpers who haven't, you need to get your butt in gear and do so.The #19 is just simply the way to go. No ifs, ands or buts. It's an amazing, fulfilling, glorious, unique, delicious sandwich. I get it every time I make the trip to Langer's, and it never disappoints. For those who want to be more adventurous, if you're going with a pal, I'd split two sandwiches so you could try something new--my friend and I always order a #19 and something different. In this case, the #44 is a killer and almost as fantastic as the glory that is #19. I hope my love for this sandwich isn't too crazy, but Langer's is one of my must go-to places when I'm in LA.Just come.Get the #19.Be satisfied with life.Came in with a friend at 1pm on a Saturday and the place was busy and bustling. There are an assortment of booths and tables, as well as a long counter area. We were offered to sit at the counter if we wanted to sit right away, which we did. There was plenty of room--the chairs are fixed and you won't be bumping elbows with folks. I would suggest you take it if there are only two or three of you. The menu is HUGE. I was a little overwhelmed by all the pages, but just decided to get the sandwiches they are known for. It took a couple minutes for our order to be taken, but once it was, the food came out within about 10 minutes. I ordered the pastrami french dip sandwich ($15) and my friend has the most popular item-the pastrami and cole slaw sandwich ($15). We also got a side of fries for $3. The thick-cut pastrami is great and not fatty at all. The au jus dip for my sandwich wasn't too salty, which I liked. The pastrami and cole slaw looked delicious as well. We both only finished half and they kindly bagged the other half for us. The fries were just the right amount of crisp and even the small order was enough for us. Our server was really attentive and kept checking on us to make sure we were liking the food.I enjoyed sitting at the counter because you could see the cooks and servers interacting with each other and you could tell they had a fun, friendly work culture. It was especially entertaining because everyone spanned a wide age-range, from 20-somethings to cute older ladies. Overall, the atmosphere was fun even though we were just there for a short time. The old-style diner feel is truly present here. The sandwiches are pretty pricy, but this is a famed-LA novelty restaurant so it's something you've gotta try. It's not in the best area so I don't think I'd frequent it... parking is kind of a hassle, but the food was worth it.YUM! So sad that it closes at 4pm! It's rare for me to actually be able to go out and eat my #19 pastrami!My boss took me to lunch here, he's a regular and this is one of his favorite places. He also doesn't eat pastrami (weird) and gets scrambled eggs with french fries. Super weird dude haha but anywayWe came a little early on a Friday to beat the lunch rush, which is advisable because when we left around 12:30 it was packed!This being my first time at Langer's, I of course had to try number 19 the pastrami sandwich.  Reading on yelp that the sandwich was huge, I went with half sandwich and half soup.  It was Friday, so the soup of the day was a New England clam chowder.  The chowder was really lack luster. I would not recommend it.  The pastrami sandwich was really good! The bread was sooo fresh and yummy. I could have had a loaf of it.  My complaint would be that I really don't like it when a sandwich completely falls apart after three bites.  It was just too large.  There were two layers of coleslaw, and it really only needs one. Not to mention mounds of pastrami.  The bread was really soft, which didn't lend well to holding up a massive massive sandwich (but did lend well for my happy tastebuds).  The ingredients were all really quality and fresh.If you're a pastrami person, come here! Everything else looked like pretty standard fare for a diner at slightly higher prices.Oh, the red line is really easy to take to get here for lunch from downtown.  According to my boss (an expert on everything), "the red line saved Langer's"I've been going to Langer's for more then 40 years and, while traveling here in L.A. and elsewhere I'll try to find the "best" pastrami that area has to offer.  Even though I now live in South Orange County, Langer's is still #1 in my book...especially here in southern California.Oh Langers. The things you do to me when I think of you. THE THINGS YOU DO!Honestly, if the No. 19 were a man, I'd propose to him. The No. 19 is just, just pure perfection. Warm bread with a magnificent crust, cold cole slaw to contrast and compliment the hot pastrami meat... food porn at it's best. Every two weeks, it's become a ritual that the boyfriend and I go to Langers at noon on Saturday (since it's closed on Sundays)  for the past couple of months. Sometimes we're seated next to hipsters who are discussing "how the Indiana Jones series has 'gone down hill'" and sometimes we're seated next to an elderly couple where the wife is telling her husband to not eat his pickles because they give him gas but he refuses to do so! You go grandpa!Yeah, it's in a sketchy neighbor and yeah, you have to park a block away but parking is free if you get your ticket validated, and yeah, the service is superb so I really don't see any reason for someone to NOT come here and get their grub on. And thankfully, you don't have to go home with a gassy old man. Win-win!What more can I add to over 1400 reviews?  GO TO LANGERS for amazing deli sandwiches.  I always get the hot pastrami with coleslaw on rye.  Matzo ball soup is delicious too, but not ready if you go before like 11.Service was exceptional. The food was delicious."I killed it" - Me"Yep, you sure did" - HubsterThat is what was said after I went to town and devoured the most popular special (#19). Once I bit into the succulent sandwich with perfectly seasoned pastrami, lightly seasoned coleslaw and the moistest rye bread I've ever eaten - it was game over.Seriously boys and girls, this pastrami sandwich is NOT overrated and worth every single penny. It's humongoid and will keep you full for hours (we had a late lunch there at 3 PM and didn't even have to eat dinner!) The overall sandwich is better than Katz but I think the pastrami itself is better at Katz (not sure if that makes sense) There's a reason why this place has 4.5 stars after this many reviews. DO IT. NOW!My friend and I were up in Los Angeles early for the TV taping in December for ABC. I was craving and been wanting to eat a old school diner-style restaurant in Los Angeles. I stumbled upon this place on the reviews and wanted to give this place a try myself. It was a Friday morning at 9AM and so both of us were hungry and tired at the same time. At first, driving around, I didn't know exactly where to park. I gave the restaurant a call and they told me to park at their lot just a block east of the restaurant and it was free if i bring in the ticket for the validation. It is always nice to have free parking in Los Angeles as most of the time you have to pay for parking when eating at a restaurant in the area. We walked inside and you instantly see the old school retro look as if it was filmed in a movie or something. Quite a spacious restaurant and wasn't too packed at that time. Our waitress was quite a nice lady and was very friendly considering that it was our first time here. She recommended the #19, which was the hot pastrami with cole slaw, swiss cheese, Russian Rye dressing on Rye bread for $15.20. I thought at first it seemed a bit much for sandwiches but sometimes the tastes is what I care most. My friend and I ordered on her recommendation and seems like the item that everyone ordered most at this restaurant. It didn't take too long for them to make so we got our sandwiches within less than 10 minutes. It smelled really good and I was very hungry to eat. I took my bite into the sandwich and it was quite tasty. Very rare to find pastrami tasting this good. It tasted just like the sandwich at Kat's Deli in New York City in a strange comparison. The bread was really crunchy and the dressing wasn't too heavy. I instantly felt really full after finishing the sandwich. They cut the sandwich in two making you think it is small but it is quite a good amount. Overall, this place is a good choice when you want to try good pastrami sandwich and like the old school diner feel which I also like. It felt like you went back in time when everything and food was a bit more honest. The service was really good and friendly waitresses really helped. I would come here again for great pastrami sandwiches. I probably want to try the potato pancakes that are famous here as well. They accept credit cards so they aren't terribly old school in that sense. Don't forget your parking validation ticket as the machine to validate is at the cash register right when you pay!My friend has been talking about this place for the longest time and he finally took me to try it on a beautiful sunny day in winter! Parking: it's mostly meter parking on the streets and a bit hard to find sometimes. However, they have their own parking lot between 7th and Langers for free! Just get it validate. My dine in experience was cool! I loveeeee the staffs there! Everyone was friendly and super nice. So the place is well known for their pastrami sandwich and that's what we had. #19! I shared the sub with my friend since we both don't eat much. As usual, we were stuffed toward the end! We also got a side order of fries and that was more than enough! The fries that is similar to Dell Taco.I like the bread they have to offer. It was soft and good. The pastrami wasn't dry at all so I was happy about it. We accidentally asked for the sauce on the side but you get to put as much as you want. $14 is quite expensive for a sandwich but considering it's pastrami then it's okay. Esp good pastrami too! The coleslaw and sauce definitely made the sub more flavorful! Tips:1. They close early! Around 4 maybe 2. Not open on Sundays (Most delis don't)3. Walk with someone! The area is pretty shadyLaaangers...my home away from Katz Deli (NY,NY)......juicy, salty, pastrami.......I Love Langers....My Brother showed me pictures & my heart started to pound,It seemed so far, but it was near downtown...Lock your door, check the parking, valuables in the trunk & don't mind the drunks!Long lines for seating, I always order to go, love the friendly staff, it's like they already know:1 Hot Pastrami sandwich, warm kraut, coleslaw & a side of hot, crispy fries...4 and a half -  baybiez! (the stars don't lie).....(read like a rapper)The things you have heard about this place, it's all very true. This pastrami is the best in the universe. I generally don't associate pastrami as my favorite kind of sandwich meat - it generally tastes a bit processed and often way too salty. But Langers' version of pastrami is slow-cooked and thick, seems as if it was braised.  You'll see that the pastrami literally falls apart (oh em gee). #19, russian dressing, coleslaw, tender pastrami = DONE DEALThe Reuben sandwich was amazing. No place can compete with Langers.Better than Katz's in NYC. 'nuff said. This place is in a sketchy part of town so try to go when it's bright out with lots of people walking about.First time here, I got the #19 sandwich as recommended by the majority of yelpers! The sandwich was good but the price? $15 somethin for the sandwich plus tip its $20.00.  And she asked if I wanted fries with that lol.  I thought this was a sandwich spot in the hood, didn't think they were over taxing for sandwiches.  Overall sandwich was good and ill probably go back once in a blue moon.Number 19!!! It's def the best pastrami in the whole wide world. Location isn't in the best place, and the hours aren't great either, but it's worth all the hype and you won't regret making the trip out to Langer's.The second best pastrami I ever put in my mouth besides Label's Table imo. Pastrami is thick cut, with the right amount of fat and so juicy! I ask the staff to separate the bread and meat when ordering take out so my bread doesn't get soggy. Win win.I love everything about this place. The retro interior, the super sketch location and the free parking with validation.I will definitely be back!one of the best pastrami's around! the meat is tender, the pickles are oh-so-good and the mustard is spicy (but only if you want it that way).i wont say too much- you'll have to check it out for yourself.i will say one thing to all of you that have never been there- the neighborhood is sketchy! i've lived in LA all my life so i've been here plenty of times. but, if this is your first time anywhere near MacArthur, just be careful.on the other hand, if you need a new drivers license or social security card, make sure you take a walk through the park!!Did I miss something? Did I eat the wrong sandwich?Tried Langers and have been hearing how its the best sandwich you will ever eat in your life. Maybe because of all these hyped up reviews I expected too much. Waited outside and got in not too long after. It was a good sandwich, but not something to write home about for me. I even love pastrami so I'm kind of sad. Read this review and maybe your sandwich will taste better after haha.Whether or not you think it's a terrible location, well, I suppose that depends on where you are.  I was right around the corner and stopped in for an early lunch on my most recent visit and it was the perfect pick, considering. Great pastrami, fact.  Prices on par with Brent's, Jerry's, Billy's, etc. but I think the product (SANDWICHES) is better.  A little gimmicky, a little bit of that oh look videos about us, but there are plenty of places like that (think inventor(s) of the dip).  Finally the service is great and it's a pretty straight forward affair.I got the recommended #19.It's not greasy, just clean and simple tasting~*make sure to ask for chili peppers~ adds a good kick to the mealBeware, the sandwiches are a bit pricy.Total bill of 2 #19, 1 chili fries, just water = $40Our waitress serving at the bar was awesome :)I didn't know pastrami could look or taste like this.  Officially converted. Oh so juicy and flavorful topped with crunchy coleslaw.  Chili cheese fries were delicious as well.Omg... rye bread... usually makes me cringe, but Langer's rye bread is superb.  Super soft inside with a crunchy outside.  Nice chew.  Converted on two counts.  Thank you Langers!Dear Langer's, I love you.I miss you. East Coast pastrami on rye sucks. Sincerely, CG#19-Pastrami, Swiss and Slaw on Rye.  Solid sandwich--soft rye, cool crunchy slaw, and warm thick-cut pastrami--nothing wrong with that.  Price seemed a bit high for a relatively simple sandwich, but then you eat it and it doesn't matter.  Got through the first half of my sandwich and thought, "I'm totally going to order another one of these."  Got to the end of my sandwich and thought, "No way I can eat another."  The sandwich is deceptively filling.There's a reason why the #19 pastrami with cole slaw on rye is the best selling sandwich here. This pastrami sandwich lives up to all the hype.My friend got a pastrami with cream cheese. It was a lot of cream cheese. You'd have to love cream cheese to get this one. I didn't particularly care for it because the cream cheese detracts from the rich pastrami meat.The Italian style salad sucks. It's a mess of a salad to eat and lacks anything special. I wonder why I bothered ordering this at a deli restaurant.FYI: You can also purchase deli meat to go on the left side counter.This pastrami melts.  Mel and Randy will have to eat there with me.Over priced, no taste, and over priced...I've honestly had better pastrami from mom and pop Burger joints...I will NEVER go again, ever!I went there at a perfect time: 11AM. Right before the lunch rush hit and cramped the lines. It was the best pastrami sandwich I ever had. Not too salty, just the perfect amount of cole slaw. I truly enjoyed it. The rye bread was super soft and the crust was perfectly crunchy.I have had pastrami sandwiches before, and pastrami was not even a go-to sandwich option for me. If there was other options I'd usually just get whatever else. But this place...oh my god this place.... This changed everything. This was REAL pastrami. The menu was gigantic, they had sooo much stuff.  I had their popular #19...and now I know why it's so damn popular! Oh my god.  I'm not even a huge fan of coleslaw and this was sooooo good. The pastrami is cut thick and it's not super greasy and weird (think The Hat) and their pickles are delicious. Get extra pickles! The service is great, the decor looks like it hasn't been changed since the 50s (which I love) and its a great place. I can't wait to go back againOrdered the pastrami sandwich, found in the sandwich only section of the menu. It was one of the best I've had anywhere. It was just rye bread and pastrami. Pure. Though I did add a bit of mustard to the second half just because.It is however, smaller in size and you get no sides but you do get a few slices of sour pickle. $13.50 plus tax and tip. Coffee was really bad. I sent the coffee back.Without the coffee, it was about $16.00. Think of it as having an ethereal experience.Last time I was here was about 2 years ago.Street metered parking was available.Maybe a liiitle over-hyped but this place is good.  #19 is where it's at- thick slices of pastrami layered in between fresh rye bread, coleslaw, swiss cheese and russian sauce.  They know their customers all too well and pre-empted the asking for extra russian sauce by already giving you extra in a side dish. Great customer service.Bread is soft and warm but not toasted...yet the crust is toasted and crunchy (how do they do that?) Pastrami is piping hot and delish. Coleslaw gave the sandwich some texture and while the swiss cheese was not melted, it meshed well and tasted great.No extra bells and whistles here, just a good pastrami sandwich.  Their menu is extensive so just go for #19 and you won't be disappointed.  I do agree $16 for a sandwich is a little over-priced so I wouldn't eat here regularly but it's a darn good sandwich and it's an interesting place with quite a bit of character.  Came around 1pm for lunch on a Thursday with no line.  Place was pretty packed with a few empty booths.Tips: there is a parking lot on 7th and South Westlake Ave, east of Alvarado. Get your ticket validated by Langer's and you're good to go.p.s- if you like pickles, you'll love their picklesGood, not great. Definitely not "the best pastrami in the world."Went here with the wifey after taking care of some business downtown. I love me some real pastrami sandwiches; none of that thinly sliced sandwich meat stuff! Ordered the #19 and my wife ordered the half soup/sandwich combo with matzo ball soup and a corned beef sandwich.Pastrami sandwich - had good flavor. Crunch on the bread was nice, but it was a little overly crunchy when as you're eating it. Lots of rye bread flavor though, so that was nice. I do think there's a little too much cole slaw. I suspect its mostly there as filling, because many famous pastrami places pile on a huge amount of meat. It didn't need it though. I would've been happy with less slaw & still the same amount of meat they gave. The blandness inherent in cole slaw kinda threw off the balance of the sandwich for me. It muted some of the pastrami flavor, which was actually very good on its own.Corned beef sandwich - I actually liked this one more than the pastrami, because it tasted better in its simplicity. Corned beef, sauerkraut, and Swiss cheese. Very good stuff done right. What else is there to say?Matzo ball soup - a good simple soup. Again, good, not great. And definitely not the among the best I ever had. But on a chilly morning, it did its job. Only critique was that the matzo was a little mushy for my taste, but some people like it that way, as opposed to a little more dense.Staff was very friendly and helpful. So my wife actually ordered a half soup, half sandwich, and for a $1 we upgraded to a whole bowl of soup. The food came out and  it was actually a whole bowl and a whole sandwich. Someone had made an error, but we said we didn't mind. However, they said that since they made the mistake, they wouldn't charge us for it, so we paid the regular price for the combo. Very nice of them.My biggest gripe, since I'm Asian haha, would have to be the price. C'mon, one pastrami, half a corned beef sandwich, a soup, and nothing to drink but water & it was still over $32. That is a bit pricey for what you get. Overall the food is good. I could see myself back there if I was in the area.A pastrami haven and artifact of a long forgotten Westlake Jewish community. Langer's is alive and poppin at  the weekday brunch hours because it does not cease to impress. I had the 19 with an egg cream (an interesting sort of chocolate soda). I loved the hot pastrami and the overall quirky retro vibe that makes you admire how long this restaurant has been here. Can't wait to go back and try the corned beef, which I heard is just as amazing as the pastrami. Parking is free, the staff is great, service is quick, and the food is a bit pricey. This is the deli of delis!I think the only pastrami sandwich better than this is at Katz''s in New York. Here's a tip: sometimes the line is a bit long so just order it to go and eat it in the park and get the #19! (I just save the other half for later)Pastrami in LA is no joke.  If you walk the streets of the San Gabriel Valley at night, talk of your love for The Hat in hushed tones, lest you find yourself tussling with a roving gang of Tops Jr. fanatics.  On the mean streets of Beverly Hills, where Nate & Al's is king, one kind word about Canter's or Greenblatt's could be your last.In all corners of the city, however, it seems a special reverence is reserved for the pastrami on offer at Langer's Deli.  Elegance is a word not often ascribed to deli meats, yet there's no better descriptor for the subtly balanced flavors -- briny, peppery, sweet -- and near-miraculous tenderness of Langer's pastrami.  A meat this special tempts me to put on a tux, pull out the fine-bone china, and eat it by candlelight while Boyz II Men plays in the background.Instead, I usually just grab a table and order The #19, a sandwich Langer's proudly touts as "the world's best."  Now, I haven't had every pastrami sandwich in the world, but this is certainly an excellent example.  The meat is piled high between two slices of rye, topped with Swiss cheese and homemade cole-slaw, and slathered with tangy Russian dressing, and it all comes together in a way that's oh-so-close to perfect. But it's not perfect, and it breaks my heart, because the crust of that otherwise springy and delicious rye bread nearly breaks my teeth.  I'm all for crusty bread, and on a sandwich like this it provides an essential texture.  Chewing through the crust on Langer's rye, unfortunately, borders on masochism, and keeps The #19 just shy of sandwich greatness.I'll fight for your rep, Langer's.  If some young punk tries to tell me that there's better pastrami in LA or that the only "real" pastrami is in NYC, you'd better believe I'll be ready to rumble.  But as long as you continue to hurt me for loving you, you'll never be my number one.  You'll always just be my #19.Best pastrami in Los Angeles. Old style diner, with friendly staff and quick service. It's expensive but the sandwiches are very good. You might even spot some famous people from time to time. Hey if 710 ESPN radio recommends it than you know it's for reputation.Not feeling like making your regular boring sandwich at home? Go to Langers and eat their #19 Pastrami Sandwich. Unless you're a weenie, you won't regret it.Mushroom barley soup was a pleasant surprise with the chicken base and yummy taste.  #19 is always a definite choice along w fries.  Did I also mention their brisket sandwich is AMAZING!! The meat melts in your mouth...mmmm~~~ delicious!  My mouth is watering just thinking about it!I love Langers..  The pastrami is sliced thick and flavorful, the rye bread is the best, but I think they are much stingier with the portions!!!  Our pastrami was only about half of what it used to be =(  I think the meats should be PILED HIGH, especially if it's going to cost $60 for 4...Don't you think??Langer's has been on my list for over 5 years, due in part to their obnoxiously constrictive hours. But when I had a 90 minute jury duty lunch downtown, I knew it was time. I have nothing nice to say about the surrounding location other than there's a free parking lot a block away. Magically, both times I went to Langer's over a week, there was no line to get in. Both times I got there right at noon and was seated instantly. On my first visit I ordered big; a chocolate egg cream, potato pancakes, the #19, and the #44. Served with both apple sauce and sour cream, the latkes were pretty damn good. Crisp on the outside and just a thin layer of softer potato on the inside;yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…The #19 was one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've ever had. Each part was great and the sum was greater still. The bread was a nice mild rye, I wouldn't have minded if it was more pronounced but it had an amazing crust to it. The slaw and dressing was a perfect contrast to the rich and delicious meat, meat which was thick cut and amazingly tender. I could have eaten this sandwich for a long time;yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…The #44 was great as well, but going forward, I would modify it slightly. Same rye here, but grilled, and instead of a slaw you get loads of sauerkraut. To that goes more of that amazing meat and some melty American like cheese. It was good, but the kraut was over powering the other flavors. Next time in would get zero kraut and add cream cheese to make it insanely decadent;yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…Overall I prefer the pastrami here over Canter's. But I like Canter's better overall . Regardless, I'd go back.Despite being overpriced this place is an LA institution and well worth it if you feel like treating yourself right.  I got the highly recommended #19 as many of my fellow yelpers also have.  Delicious! The picked is super delicious also, but the bread and meat really make the sandwich stand out.  The bread is really soft but the crust has this great crunchy texture that gives an amazing contrast.  Also the service is quick and efficient.  They get you what you need when you want it without making you feel rushed and pressured to leave.Everything was amazing. Pastrami was very tasty and tender. Doesn't come with fries and prices are a bit steep, but would recommend this place to anyone! Awesome sandwiches. Can easily share with someone.I've yet to find a stellar Jewish deli in San Diego. Indeed, it's a veritable wasteland when it comes to Jewish delicacies. In fact, I had practically convinced myself that indulging in amazing deli fare could only be accomplished in New York City.  That is, until, Langer's appeared on my radar. While in Los Angeles for a weekend, I became ecstatic to see Langer's pop up on my Yelp app when searching local eateries. And its impressive rating and reviews heightened my excitement even further. So, we decided to walk a mile from the hotel to its location.  Langer's is situated in an extremely sketchy neighborhood. If you're not one that is typically ambitious to absorb the local color of a barrio on foot, I would highly recommend driving. That said, parking will likely be a challenge if you choose to drive. So, think about your options carefully. Upon approach, we noticed that a large line was winding outside of the front doors. That's always a good sign. We waited about 15-20 minutes before being seated; but ,while waiting, we were treated to complimentary bottled waters. It was a terribly nice gesture, especially considering the extreme temperatures of the day. The menu is huge, sporting practically every Jewish favorite one can imagine. My heart melted when I saw the variety of knishes available, and, so, I was sure to order a one alongside my sandwich. And what sandwich, you ask? The famous #19, of course:  Pastrami, Swiss cheese, cole slaw and Russian-style dressing.  The sandwich was  gigantic, assembled on some of the most fresh and flavorful rye bread that I've experienced in recent memory. The marriage between the flavorful pastrami and the accompanying ingredients came together beautifully, producing a construction that was a pleasure to consume. My knish was delightful as well; the few crumbs that were left on the plate that it had once graced betrayed its brief existence in this cruel world of ours.  Langer's delivered. I'm in love. Truly. And, if I find my way back into the downtown barrio, Langer's will be my refuge.4 1/2 stars!  After hearing about this place for years we finally made it in for lunch.  In the past I have never been a fan of the pastrami or corned beef sandwiches on rye due to the high fat and salt content--but for  Langer's I will now make an exception.  My husband and I both had the #19.  The rye bread was perfect, fresh, soft with a crispy crust and the pastrami was tender and full of flavor, not too salty.  The coleslaw added freshness to the sandwich and we ordered the russian dressing on the side so we could add to our liking (read a lot of reviews that said the sandwiches are overdressed and that the dressing overpowered the sandwich--didn't want to risk ruining a $15 sandwich!).  I liked that the meat wasn't piled so high that you have to unhinge your jaw to eat it.  The pickles were good and so were the fries. Our waitress barely cracked a smile and was all business (hence the half star) and the prices were high but that didn't affect the goodness of our meal.  Free parking up the block with validation and be sure to get there BEFORE 4 when they close!  The women in the next booth wanted to order food to go and they wouldn't take the order because it was past 4pm (4:05!!).  We came around 3pm on a Friday--no wait and plenty of open tables.  We'll definitely be going back!I've heard the rantings on AM sports radio about Langers and finally stepped into the pastramigasm zone. The decor is classic upscale diner with a hint of hipster hidden getaway.The waiters are professional and take their jobs seriously, which is always a plus in my book.As a first time patron, I had to try the famous #19 Pastrami sandwich.After the first bite, I was surprised that the pastrami sandwich was not a required step in one of those 12 step programs....it will literally change your life. I've never had Pastrami melt like butter in my mouth, yet maintain the distinct savoriness of pastrami. They've been slow cooking this bad boy for awhile. So if you're one of those Angelinos that likes finding life changing entrees, eat this sandwich. It's a little pricey for a sandwich, but you'll never regret it.So finally came over to Langers after all the talk that this is the place to go to for pastrami sandwiches. Located in a very unfavorable part of LA, the restaurant sits on the corners of 7th st and Alvarado, about a mile west of "the new downtown". Parking is about half a block away in a designated parking lot so for new timers visiting the joint for the first time, it won't be easily recognized (corner of 7th and westlake) Make sure to get your ticket validated at the cashiers (good for 90 min) The place is pretty packed with white collar professionals during lunchtime midweek, contrary to the area it resides. Service is relatively quick and the pastrami sandwich was "ok" at best. I think the best part of it was the rye bread but what really wasn't justified was the $15 price tag, with no sides or fries, just pure sandwich. I don't think any hamburger, sandwich, wrap, etc is worth that much, ESPECIALLY if the restaurant is located in a less favorable area (what most would call "the hood").The Ruben was great but not the best I've ever had.  Ask for more sauce and split a cream soda!  Overall great experience!Great place. One of the best pastrami sandwiches I've had.  Very much competes with New York. I will say it gets very busy and you have to wait in a line outside. The smell, of the streets can be pretty gross. You just pray that the line moves fast and you get inside. I try and avoid the rush hour so I don't have to wait.THE BEST PASTRAMI I'VE HAD EVER! Langer's has the best pastrami I've ever had. I know I said that twice because it bears repeating. My supervisor brought me here to a thank you lunch when I was an intern. I didn't know what I was getting into, and since then I've tried other pastrami places that claim to be "the best" but they aren't. As many of the reviews say, get the #19. It's the big boy with two slices of rye bread giving a bear hug to a stack of thick cut hot pastrami, coleslaw, swiss cheese, and russian sauce. It also comes with a couple pickle skewers as well. I've dined in once, and the other times I've been here I did the curbside pick up. It is CRAZY convenient! I call 15 min ahead of time and let them know my method of payment. I drive up to the curb at the storefront and someone comes out with the bag of deliciousness and change if you paid in cash. If you're eating in, parking is a block down away toward downtown (away from MacArthur park). My only complaint is that the #19 is ~$15. That's quite pricey for a sandwich, but you need to try it AT LEAST once. You'll be back.Came here today to try their pastrami sandwich and see what's all the fuss is about. There was a line but the hostess said the counter was available. I got the famous #19 and it was good. I'm not too crazy about pastrami but it was flavorful and juicy. The bread could use a bit more toasting. The pickle was bland. I think it's a little overpriced for a sandwich. In my opinion, $10-12 would've been fair. We also tried the potatoe knish and it was a little dry. The lot across the street was full but we found plenty of street parking. I'll go back only if I was in the area and craving pastrami which will be rare.I don't mean to over-generalize, but you know it's a good deli when it's full of Jewish people.  Plus, this place has the best pastrami in the USA according to The Food Network.The last time I was here was over 2 years ago, but that doesn't stop me from fantasizing about the #19 in bed...in my sleep twss.  That THICK, JUICY, MEATY pastrami omg it's orgasmic.  Get the rye bread toasted so it doesn't get soggy.To drink, get the egg cream soda.ORDER THE #19 WITH RYE TOASTED, COLESLAW, AND AN EGG CREAM SODAThen you can send me a compliment.  I need more compliments, please?This is an easy one.  The best pastrami sandwich in the country (possibly the universe).  Although the pastrami meat at Katz's Deli in New York might possibly be a touch better, the bread at Langer's is leaps and bounds above the bread at Katz's, making Langer's sandwich number 1.  And yes, ive tried most, if not all of the other deli's out there that are supposed to be contenders ...Brent's, Second Ave, Carnegie, Nate & Als, Johnny's, The Hat, etc etc...I live near Langer's..walking distance..,but I visited 2 times I think..Their No.19 signature sandwich is great.But, besides it, other menus are so so..Also, I think it is a little bit over priced..and during lunchtime, the place is crowd as hell..If you want to have it, just make it to go..I'd like to buy this place... keep everything exactly the same except make it 24 hrs. Boom multi-millionaire. If you're reading this and looking for a place to grub RIGHT NOW... go here... hopefully they're open. M - Sat. 8 am - 4 pm.This place is a LA landmark, super old school vibe but really well kept. I always come in for the #19 (of course! Who doesn't?) the food is perfect! Parking ehhh. #nobleeatsWith only 3 months left in Los Angeles, what's a girl to do?Obviously, eat her way through...munch munch munchAfter exploring the sandwiches around USC, one thing I always sneered at was the lack of good sandwiches especially compared to the bountiful land of plenty quality sandwiches in San Francisco. However, after exploring the mouthwatering yumminess of #19 except with provolone on an onion roll and #19 as is, I admit it... I was WRONG. I'm sorry! However, luckily for me, the sandwich gods decided to grant me a pardon and allow me into heaven with the tender perfectly cooked chunks of pastrami, the delectable combination of pastrami, cheese, russian dressing, and coleslaw, and the overall foodgasm! To really understand how good the sandwich was...1) The boyfriend said if he could, he would eat here on a weekly basis.2) My friend, Amy (who should really be posted on the tumblr, Asians taking pictures of food but isn't) forgot to take a picture of her sandwich because she was too busy enjoying the pure yumminess!3) I almost ate the whole sandwich, but stopped myself from devouring the sucker except for 2 "Becka bites" aka 2 huge bites by reminding myself that I had already committed to a hot date with empanadas later that night. PS - Ignore the fries and desserts because Langer's coffee cake has nothing on Maida Heatter! PPS - Just get a sandwich or two and trust me, you won't be sorry.Oh-My-freaking-GoodnessMy friend and I came here for a quick bite and made it right before they were about to close.... We were super lucky and there was NO Line lolWhat I didn't like was the area, it is super ghetto around the shop so they close at 4pm, for good reason... If I knew it was going to be that intense around there I would of left my gucci at home!We obviously ordered the most famous #19...pastrami, swiss cheese, cole salw and  russian dressing!!!! I think just the sandwich is around $16.*By far the BEST pastrami sandwich I've had*Delicious*Amazing*So worth it*a must try*doesn't even need french friesWithout a doubt-BEST pastrami sandwich I've had ANYWHERE!!!-Get the #19 Pastrami and there is nothing better on the planet (in regards to Pastrami!)They do it right, family run (3rd generation)- and has secure parking catty corner on next block-this should be the ONLY place you go to for Pastrami!Overly overrated!  I came here with my boyfriend (who thought I'd enjoy it).  I was highly disappointed.  We were seated quickly and our server was great, but the food was just okay.  There was nothing spectacular about it or anything that brought a smile to my tummy.  He ordered the pastrami on rye with coleslaw and I ordered the french dip.  The french dip was so so but the pastrami on rye with coleslaw = no bueno in my book. The meat was sliced way too thick for my liking and it had chunks of fat all over.  Yuck!  I couldn't understand what the big fuss was all about.  If you want to pay $40+ for 2 people to have a mediocre lunch, then come here.Oh, and their fries totally suck!  It's like those school cafeteria fries.The pastrami sandwiches they make at my work cafeteria are waaaay better than this.My boyfriend couldn't believe I didn't like the sandwich.  At least I tried it and can warn yelpers now!2.5stars. For $17, I should get more than a pastrami, cole slaw, cheese sandwich and half a pickle. Yes the meat is pretty good. But the crust on the bread was so hard that it cut the side of my mouth. As in, DREW BLOOD. Not my idea of a good time. My waitress "couldn't be bothered" with any of her customers, everyone of whom seemed only to annoy her. And it is NOT in a great part of town. Had I not been 6'3", 270lbs, I wouldn't have gone down there. There's no parking nearby, but a pay lot that's an LA block away. I really wanted to like this place but there was a smugness that quietly screamed down its presumptuously superior nose at you, "we're too good to be patronized by the likes of you." And so, I'll stick to the mom and pop shop on Melrose near N. La Brea, ALL ABOUT THE BREAD. In my opinion, you'll be much happier with their Hot Pastrami. Much happier. Their bread brings tears to my eyes... from nostalgia, not from pain....The fish sandwich is my favorite! Fast and friendly service. I shall return.I had the 1/2 Soup and Sandwich. Got the matzo ball and pastrami on toasted rye and mac salad. I swear to god it's the BEST pastrami I have ever had. I sat at the counter and watched them cut the pastrami as I ate and I just was in heaven. IT WAS SO SO GOOD!!  The soup was terrific, simple and delicious. The mac salad was yummy. I had a beer and my entire bill was only $22.00. great SERVICE GREAT VALUE AWESOME PLACE. And the menu is HUGE. They have so many different things to try... they have straight chili which is what I'm getting next time and I can't wait. WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME!!?? if you haven't been, GO NOW!Oy vey. Langer's will be filed under: Restaurants I'm glad I tried, but it's unlikely I'll return. Langer's has been operating since 1947, so I can see why it's considered a LA institution. Although, I'm willing to bet that if they had just recently opened up, there wouldn't be such a vast and loyal following. There's way too much competition in LA these days and rent is expensive! But that's just my two cents and I'm sure Mr. Langer is happily laughing all the way to bank as I write this review.First of all, eating at Langer's isn't cheap. For 2 sandwiches and a diet coke, our bill (with tax + tip) was $40. What the fuuudge? o_O?!Second, maybe I've had one too many gourmet, bomb-diggity sandwiches, but I wasn't impressed with the Hot Pastrami and Corned Beef. Don't get me wrong, each sandwich was freshly made and had an ample amount meat, but my taste buds were not rocked. Furthermore, the rye bread was just that, plain ol' rye bread. Nothin' special. Service was A-OK. There wasn't a long line (whew!) and so we were seated promptly in the back of the restaurant. We were waited on by a nice, cordial gentleman with everything arriving in a timely manner. FYI: There's free validated parking (1 hour) on the northeast corner of 7th Street and Westlake.The neighborhood is shit. Free validated parking a stone's throw from the restaurant. They close at 4pm. The food is good but why the hell is it $16 for a sandwich, especially given the volume of sandwiches they sell? What happened to the rules of supply and demand? Meh.What to say that hasn't already been said?Like many other reviewers, I had heard about the World Famous Langer's for years... yet not living in LA for years and more recently living on the Westside, I rarely found time to make downtown.  That is, until the State of California called, and needed me for (sigh) jury duty.  While finding out I had jury duty sucked, I found a silver lining in that I could finally try the pastrami I had been waiting oh so long to finally sink my teeth into.When I arrived at Langer's just before noon on a Thursday, I quickly noticed the eccentric area the restaurant was situated in.  The Westlake area of downtown LA is home to MacArthur park and has a very high Latino population.  After a bit of research, I also found out that Westlake is also home to the first Tommy Burger and first El Pollo Loco.  Additionally, when being developed residentially in the 1920's, it apparently resembled the Upper East Side of Manhattan, hence the large Jewish community and thus, Langer's.  Upon walking into the restaurant, I was greeted immediately by a young lady with a cheerful smile and some decor that had to be a minimum of 40+ years old.  She kindly asked (since I was by myself) if I would like to sit at the counter to which I gladly accepted.  As soon as I sat in my comfy seat, an extremely pleasant older server by the name of Joan greeted me and asked if I knew what I wanted.  Having heard so much about the #19, I felt as if I had no other option and quickly ordered.Within five minutes, I had a gargantuan pastrami, swiss, coleslaw, and russian dressing on rye sandwich and an ice cold Heineken placed in front of me.  For a moment, I just stared at the sandwich in awe of it's size and beauty as my mouth soon began to water.  Once I snapped about of my stare, I took my first bite into the most tender and flavorful pastrami I have ever eaten as well perfectly crisp rye bread, along with a perfect blend of swiss, slaw, and dressing.After devouring the first half, I thought about saving the second half for later... but simply could not resist.  Upon finishing the remainder of the amazing meal and my ice cold beer, I felt nothing short of the epitome of satisfaction.  Joan came over swiftly and took my plate while replacing it with a wet nap and a mint.  She then proceeded in her extremely friendly manner to ask me if this was the first time I had been there, what I thought of the meal, etc.  As I paid and winced a bit at the hit to my wallet, I quickly realized that not only was I paying for one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, but an overall experience.  The historic, somewhat abnormal neighborhood, the 70s decor, sitting at the counter, Joan's impeccable service, and what many consider to be some of the best meat on earth.  Langer's, you did not fail to impress.How can you not go some place and not get their best item. I am sure the rest of the items on the are great but the #19 is something you can not miss on. They call it their most popular for a reason. It is filling and delicious. Then you add the chili cheese fries and you are in like Flynn! The pastrami is tender and perfectly put together with the coleslaw and Swiss cheese. Get a napkin because it is going to get all over you! Worth the money! Walked up and was seated and served very quickly. Helps when it is a day after a holiday! WOO HOO! Happy holidays people!Anytime a place has been around since 1947 you know they're doing something right! This place epitomizes what deli's should be in my mind. When I think Deli, I think Langer's. And I think Langer's pastrami. Maybe cliche but it's amazing and so is the restaurant as a whole. Not the best location in town but the food, service and atmosphere of Langer's makes it well worth a trip. Besides any sandwich with pastarami, hot corned beef and their french dip sandwiches are pretty top notch. I'd say your average LA prices but the food is more than worth it with a perfect 10 in taste factor.#19 is the the best pastrami sandwich you can get in LA. Delicious warm rye bread with thick cut pastrami and all the fixins...heaven. Bagels and lox are pretty good, considering we're not in NYC. Nice diner coffee. Done and done.I love this place.  I just appreciate a good deli and this is the old school variety.  Booths, a bar to belly up to (to eat--no alcohol), yummy large sandwiches, linoleum and cole slaw (of course pickles!).  The food comes out in a flash.  I've never been a huge rye bread fan--until Langer's.  Changed my life--soft with a good chew and not too heavy on the rye flavor.  I've had their corned beef as well as pastrami.  A new convert to #19.  Parking down the street but that fills up too which is unfortunate.  Neighborhod is eclectic and by that I mean crazy busy.  Love the history.  Service can be spotty or this would have been a 5.I haven't had any bad sandwiches here, I've some OK ones and good ones; but the all time Best one has to be their staple...the # 19!If you go here for your first time and don't try the #19 because you don't like pastrami or rye or cold slaw then seriously don't even go inside.  It's not like any pastrami you have ever had, it truly melts in your mouth.I love this place not only because it's one of the few restaurants that are Union and pay their employees very good, but the service is always top notch.  It isn't cheap but you get what you pay for and you will get enough food to be full that's for sure.Give this place a try and Langer's keep up the epic work.Came here cause of all the hype . Don't waste your time, $25.00 for a sandwich , potato cake and a coke ? No thanks , The Hat is much better , plus you can park some place and not walk a mile to get ripped off . Never againThis review is NOT about the #19!What, is that even allowed?  As I scrolled through over a dozen reviews I guess it was just chance that literally every single one was basically about that pastrami sandwich.So, rather than trying to find a recommendation for a different sandwich I gave up and just took my chances by ordering the #4 roast beef & swiss.But, before we get to that sandwich, here are my other observations:-Was able to park at a meter on 7th just down the street for $1 for an hour (1 hr max limit though)-Arrived at 12:30 on a Saturday and there were less than 10 people outside in line-There was no wait for us since we were a party of 2 so instantly got seated.  There were a few other smaller open tables too-There were lots of large groups and the clientele ran across the entire age scale (many were probably born before the place opened in 1947)-Yes, it was the seniors that set off the alarm by trying to exit via the very accessibly located emergency door, despite the sign/warning-After we ordered our meal it took less than 5 minutes to get it!-Vibe feels more diner than it does deli-Staff knows how to get people in and out, complete w/ their ear piecesAs to the food, what instantly struck me when taking my first bite was how stiff the edges of the bread were.  The sandwich itself was seemingly pretty conventional, but distinguished by the quanity and quality of meat and complimented by the Russian dressing.  It was defintely a thick sandwich!  I had to look for the cheese, since when there's lots of slices of meat it kind of got lost in the mix.  I found it after diligently rummaging through it.  We came here before an event at the Staples Center, it's only about a mile or so away. Definitely a great idea to hit up one of Yelp's top LA spots when you're in the area and want to avoid eating at LA Live or the arena.There's youyelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…and then there's heroin.I don't know which is going to cost me more.BTW....Do workers get free sandwiches? Your answer will determine the course of my life.Now THAT's a Veggie Sandwich! su.pr/AaAzuK...and now you're thinking: "Crazy girl. Who orders a Veggie Sandwich at an awesome deli known for their Pastrami Sandwich?" To that I say: "Get over it. That means more pastrami for you."Sure, it may have only been lettuce, tomato, cucumber, avocado and spicy mustard on rye with a side of pickles but my vegan needs were exceeded with the most impressively stacked veggies in a deli-style sandwich. Nice work, Langers!EXTRA!! EXTRA!!! READ ALL ABOUT IT!!! Yes all the reviews here are High ratings, and boy are they on the $$$ This was a Road Trip for me and 2 of my friends, It was told that Langers had the best Pastrami sandwich that would put The Hat to shame. Hold on folks the answer is YES IT DOES!!!!! Langers is an L.A. landmark it looks like a coffee shop they have a huge menu and get this. Operating hours are 8am to 4pm Monday thru Saturday. Yep that it and their business is booming, you know a place is good with hours like that =) Got there around 11am on Saturday was seated, Barbara was our server she's been there a long time. If you dont know what to get, she'll tell you ha ha. I got the # 19 Pastrami with Swiss and cole slaw Folks it was simply amazing Best Sandwich I've Ever Had and I dont ever say these things. Also had the best vanilla milk shake awesome stuff. Barbara came by asked us how we liked it and I said I really didnt ( I thought she was going to back hand me lol) of course I was kidding. This was one of the best lunches I've had! Everyone needs to do a little Road Trip to Langers =)It was so big and thick I could barely fit it in my mouth. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… Yes, it's a sandwich and yes, that's what she said.A strange pastrami craving overtook me this fine day...so naturally I head over to MacArthur park on Alvarado?! What the F?! Yeah trust me...help feed my extended family and buy some calling cards and fake id's from my cousins then drop your hard earned $13.45 on a little piece of pastrami perfection.Don't mess with a good thing and order the #19 of course....thick cut delicious pastrami, tasty swiss cheese, creamy coleslaw and a tangy russian style dressing on rye bread.  Comes with a nice kosher pickle too! static.px.yelp.com/bphot… The first bite I took was so obscenely good that I had to slow myself down to keep from devouring it like a deranged, starving animal.  I'm no pastrami connoisseur by any means but I preferred this over Canter's or The Hat any damn day of the week.So, kids, don't be shy and between 8am and 4pm get your pastrami lovin' ass over to MacArthur park...feed the ducks...then feed your face with a mouthful of the tastiest meat it may ever encounter.Langers was 5 stars in my book.  I was  a loyal customer who was quick to spread the word on how great their deli was.  I helped organize a 19 person yelp trip there earlier this year. There have been countless other times I have organized large groups of people to dine at Langers.   I loved their pastrami.  I loved their rye bread.  I loved sharing it with other people.  For my brother's birthday, I wanted to send him some of Langer's Pastrami and rye bread across the country via Fed-Ex overnight.  That's now highly I thought of Langer's.  It's a damn shame they didn't think that highly of me.I ordered two pounds of Pastrami and a Rye bread.  The woman that took my order didn't know the cost of the shipping.  Now they do this all the time, they have a page on their website dedicated to Langer's Overnight By Air with a photo of a Fed-Ex airplane on it.  This isn't the first time I've done something like this.  I've ordered pastrami from the Carnegie Deli and the Stage Deli in New York and had it Fed-Ex overnighted across the country before.  It's usually about $35 to $40 for shipping.  I had called Carnegie before Langers and was quoted $46.  So when she didn't know the price, I thought I did and wasn't too concerned.  Everything was charged to my credit card over the phone.The next day I got a receipt in the mail saying shipping was $71.   $71 to ship 2lb of pastrami and a loaf of rye bread?  $71 to ship $49 worth of food.  Who would pay that?  When you find out it's that much, don't you call someone back and say - "Hey you are about to walk off a cliff?"  They did call back, but only to get a phone number of the person they were to deliver to.  No mention of the shipping and handling price.  So does not agreeing on a shipping price at the exact moment you give someone your credit card info give them the right to just charge whatever they want?  Why stop there, charge $500 for shipping maybe.  Hey I gave you my credit card number, enjoy.So, I call back the next day and ask for the manager and get Norm Langer's daughter Trisha.  I tell her my story and how I felt blindsided with the delivery fee.  She agrees to talk to her father and get back to me.  The next day, she tells me that's what Fed-Ex charges and since I didn't specifically ask for the delivery charge, there is nothing we can do about it.  Now I put myself in her shoes and here's how I would look at it.  Here's a guy who loves our product so much that he wanted to fly it across the country.  Maybe we show him a little bit of appreciation for this problem and offer him something.  Not just tell him, sorry but tough!  I'm not looking for free stuff, but in the restaurant world that's how these things are handled.  Did I suddenly expect them to write me a check for $71.  No.  But would a sorry this happened, here's a $25 gift certificate been too hard.  Or hey come ask for me next time you are in and I'll hook you up with a sandwich.  Heck a slice of cheesecake?  As I started stewing about this, I called them back again and told her how she handled this wrong and should treat their customer's with respect.  Her response, "We are in business and can't go giving a free handout to every customer that has a little problem."  A free handout?  I just spent $49 on pastrami and a rye bread.  I know she doesn't know but I've spent hundreds if not thousands of dollars in their establishment since I moved here 10 years ago.  For that I get a condescending "lesson" on caveat emptor.It's clear what we had here was two angry jews on each end of the phone, and that's a bad combination for negotiation and the whole reason that lawyers were invented.  She blamed me for not demanding that they give me the shipping price.  I blamed her for not trying to make this right.  The more I argued my point, the more annoyed she got with me and it was clear that by this 3rd call, she wouldn't give me a free poppy seed that fell on the floor out of the coleslaw just on principle. And now I'm so mad, I've called my credit card company and disputed the charge, which I'll most likely win, since I never signed a receipt stating what the amount was before it was charged.  They could have just been nice, but now they'll most likely have to eat that whole $71.  Good job Langer's.  Way to treat your loyal customers.Also of note, for their $71, they didn't even bother to put a cold pack in the shipping container.  It was just vacuumed packed and sent at room temperature for 24 hours.  You can debate whether that's safe or not, curing the pastrami does help kill bacteria, but since every other place I've ordered from put a cold pack with it, maybe you should too.  If you aren't worried about keeping it cold, then why bother overnighting it in the first place.Langer's is legendary for a reason. It's good.#19 - Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Cole Slaw, & Russian Dressing ($14.45) was as good as advertised. I loved the combination of flavors with the juicy, tender pastrami. It might be better next time to get it on different bread as the crust was an issue. (4 stars)Hot Tongue (Beef) Sandwich on Roll was even better. The soft and flavorful tongue was a great match for the French Bread Roll ($14.50 + $0.75 for the roll). I'd definitely get this again and would add some extra toppings like the slaw and a cheese. (5 stars)A small side of French Fries costs $2.25 extra. They aren't special, but were filling. No reason not to get them again (3 stars).One nice discovery was the parking lot at the Northeast corner of 7th and Westlake which allows 90 minutes free with Langer's validation. (4.5 star parking)Our waiter was fantastic. He was so relaxed, yet helpful. I wish all servers could be like him. The only service negative was the hostess (Ericka) who was seating couples that came in after of us at window booths before sending us to a table at the back of the restaurant. Not sure what was going on there. (5 star waiter service; 2 star hostess service)The only reasons it isn't 5 stars are the prices, the hostess, the atmosphere, and the rye bread, but make no mistake. I'm a fan of Langer's.Please pay attention to this review so you remember who to thank after you follow my advice and order up what might be the greatest sandwich of your life.  Are you a pastrami person? This is a completely irrelevant question, so don't give me the answer.  Don't waste your breath uttering names like Carnegie, Jerry's or God forbid, Canter's and write me off.  You haven't been to Langer's. You haven't had the life experiences that make you qualified to converse with me, so just listen. I'm nobody special, I just ate there.The cow was made so that from it, the brisket may be cut, and that brisket cured, smoked and steamed then sliced and piled upon rye and brought to my table. I'm convinced of this.While I've dabbled in pastrami sandwiches before, the #19 at Langer's is a category unto itself.  While I've eaten, coveted and baked rye bread forever, I've never had it as good as Langer's. I never had use for Russian dressing and have rarely been inspired by cole slaw, until now. Swiss cheese was never my thing, and so forth.This is exquisite pastrami, sliced thick and piled generously. It reminds one of its close cousin, Texas barbecued brisket. This is a beautifully old restaurant that has resisted modernization and for one reason or another never embarked across town.  There might not be five places in this city that have this sort of character or legacy. There is no where in the city that performs such magic with and between two slices of bread.You haven't an excuse worth sharing.  Take the day off work or head on down during the weekend. The only downside is the itch you'll have the next day to get back.  I'm a few days in and it doesn't go away.So on the occasion of my 200th review, I dedicate this milestone to the memory of Al Langer. Thank you sir. That is one fine sandwich.I hate "black Friday"... the dreaded day after Thanksgiving.  It's a day I stay home.  I don't want to be trampled to death for a deal.  Dave G. sent me a message saying "Let's do black pastrami Friday at Langer's"!  Holy shyte!  Genius!  Not only do I get to try the famous Langer's deli but I don't have to drive!  Hell yeah!My wife Donna and I met up with Steven N, Dave G, and Dave's daughter.  We headed down a fairly empty freeway to a fairly empty downtown LA.  Even Langer's was pretty empty!  I guess there are perks to black Friday after all!  Parking is about a block from the restaurant and they validate.  It's a short walk to the restaurant but when you're walking back to your car it feels like such a long walk due to being stuffed with food.  Restaurant is in a nasty scary ghetto area.... no wonder the restaurant closes at 4pm.  Restaurant interior hasn't changed since they opened the door by the looks of it.  As soon as you open the door the wonderful aroma of pastrami hits you right int he face.Since I grew up eating "Jewish" food I had to sample a few Jew staples.  One is potato latkes.  My grandma used to make these things from scratch with a hand crank grinder from the late 1800's.  Even to this day my Aunt makes them with the same grinder.  We all shared a plate.  Langer's kicks my Grandma's and Aunt's latkes out of the ballpark.  Sorry Grandma(and Aunt) but these perfectly cooked potato pancakes were awesome.  Crispy outside, tender inside, perfect onion to potato ratio, delicious topped with apple sauce and sour cream.Next was a bowl of chicken soup with a matzah ball and kasha(buckwheat).  I make chicken soup at home and this blew mine away along with any other chicken soup I've had at Jewish delis.  Wow....  such rich wonderful broth.  Why can't Katella Deli close to where I live make it this good?????  Wow.  Matzah ball was fluffy as a cloud and the kasha added some texture.... that is until I sucked some down my windpipe.Ok... now onto the hype.  The pastrami made onsite by Langer's.  Holy mother of cured meats.  This pastrami is on a whole other level.  I'm not even going to compare it to other restaurants because it's in a whole other category.  This isn't thinly sliced chewy pastrami, no, this is 1/2" thick melt in your mouth pastrami.  It's like a thick cut of brisket cured with the tears of angels.  I had this mind blowing meat in the #44 which was pastrami, "nippy" cheese, and sauerkraut served on rye bread.  Magical.  All these ingredients mated perfectly together in a culinary orgy of flavors.  The pastrami makes me sad since it's such a far distance away.  Why can't my local delis serve pastrami like this?!  Funny thing is per the website they'll overnight you their sandwiches fedex.Katella Deli has better pickles but I still liked them here.  Very mild brine flavor.  I bought a jar for home from the take-out deli.  Also got a chocolate chip cookie and a macaroon cookie.  Both tasty.Seriously, you must check this place out at least once.  It was great sharing this experience with my wife and my friends and hopefully we can do it again!  Just a warning...  they will not split checks so if you're with a group bring cash!  Thanks Dave for not only suggesting black pastrami Friday but also driving!LIKE DIRTY HOT SEX IN THE CAROh #19, I came to you, but there was no parking. I looked you up on my iPhone maps and called you. Your loyal servant told me that you would be out in 10 minutes. So, I drove around the block. I pulled up and there you were, bulging out of your covers.... I tore off your wrapper and thrusted you into my mouth.mmm the most erotic extra lean pastrami cole slaw cheese russian dressing on rye to ever rock my world.I will have to cum back for more next week.The G rated version:The pastrami was a perfect: nice chew without being crumbly or dryThe coleslaw was decentThe rye: I haven't had a rye this perfect since the one I produced in cooking school, eons ago. This one was moist and tender like fresh bread just out of the oven. The crust was crisp with a terrific chew.Watch out, #19 will rock you then rob you blind. $18 for the sandwich.Ahh...7th and Alvarado...home of MacArthur Park and MS-13...and Langer's.Having a hard time finding Langer's? Look for the nervously fast-paced white people and follow them. They will lead you to the best sandwich on the planet...the #88 Hot Corned Beef on rye with kraut and Swiss. This thing was friggin stacked with corned beef. When the waitress put it down in front of me, I squealed like a Jewish American Princess presented with her first BMW...a sandwich dream come true. Get a side of 1000 Island and shmear (this gentile is keepin' it real) it on each bite. I went all Man vs. Food and waxed it so fast, I embarrassed the missus...sorry lady, you do it your way and I'll do it mine.Word to the wise: This place ain't cheap...$60 for 3 sandwiches, one order of fries, 2 diet Cokes, 1 side of 1000 (yes, they charged me) and tip. But believe me, you will find your own personal sandwich Nirvana and you will forevermore scoff at the drek that Subway and Quizno's so insultingly call a "sandwich".When you're done, you will feel like a new man/woman....so if you're so inclined, you can saunter on over to MacArthur Park and buy yourself a new identity.***Langer's well-regarded and tasty pastrami sandwich is a must-try if you are a pastrami fan; for me, since I am not a pastrami fan, it was good to try, but I doubt I will be eager to come back anytime soon***Langer's is a LA institution, but this was my first visit.  It is a large deli and is very close to MacArthur Park.  The decor, the menu and the servers' uniforms are all from a different time period.  Langer's #19 sandwich is considered among LA's best foods and it seems to me (at least from what I've heard/read) that of all the hyped up foods in LA, it has the least amount of haters out there.   The Father's Office burger to the thin crust pizzas at Pizzeria Mozza seem to have just as many non-fans as those who love it.The #19 sandwich consists of thick cut and warm pastrami, creamy coleslaw, Swiss cheese, and Russian dressing on rye bread.  The sandwich is a good mix of sweet and savory.The pastrami is meaty, tender and flavorful and it does separate itself from some of the other pastrami sandwiches out there (though I've only had a few).  The pastrami was a lot less fatty than the fatty pastrami at Oinkster.  It was also much moister and thicker than the more cheesesteak-like slices of pastrami at Capriotti's.The rye bread had a great crust, but it was a little soft in the center (especially given the heavy center of pastrami and coleslaw).  I think it would have been better if it was slightly toasted though that is a delicate balance since too toasted or too hard bread can ruin a sandwich.While I thought the sandwich was tasty, it also confirmed that I just don't like pastrami that much.  One half of the sandwich was more than enough.  I got a little tired of it and struggled to get through the second half.Service was good and very quick.Langer's is a must visit if you are a pastrami fan.  If you are not a pastrami fan, I am not sure if it is going to convert you.  I would fall into the latter category and while I thought the food was tasty, I doubt I would ever be back (unless if I was in the company of a newbie who wanted to try it).  I saw photos of some of the other food here and the non-pastrami stuff did not look that good.  So if you come here, you probably should stick with #19 or some of their other pastrami options.Langer's has its own parking lot, but I am not sure where it is.  Street parking by meter is available, but there are many no parking times so make sure you review the street signs before parking.Best Deli in Los Angeles hands down. I have been eating Langers for years. Had lunch there today (#19 -- hot pastrami, cole slaw, a slice of Swiss cheese and Russian dressing on hot rye) and it made my eyes roll to the back of my head as I passionately said, "I love you Mr. Sandwich!"   Langer's arguably makes the best pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles. I have been to Canter's, Nate N Al's, Hat of Alhambra, Tops of Pasadena, Johnnie's of Culver City, Larry Parker's in Beverly Hills (hahaha remember that?) and all Jerry's Deli's in L.A. - I would even compare Langer's to the world famous Katz's in New York City. Langer's is located in the middle of Westlake aka Lil' Central America  aka Rampart, but once inside its all Asians slurping down Matzo Ball soup and no Hispanic people in sight. Hell, Jewish peeps are a rarity too!Anyways . . . just go Langer's. Make the trip out there. They close at 4 to avoid the creatures of the night and flying bullets. You already know the neighborhood is less then desirable, just deal with it and the useless parking situation. It's worth the trip, you won't regret it. You will leave knowing that was one of the best sandwiches you have ever had...I guarantee it!Oh Langer'sI came and you gave me pastramiOn some lovely rye breadOh Langer'sYou also have Kosher salamiAnd it goes to my headOh Langer'sWhat more can you say? The #19 is the best deli sandwich in California. Professional Langerers take some of the famous pastrami home to eat with eggs in the morning (or late night snacking). And no, I'm not fat, but this place is so good it makes me sound like it.In closing, god made langers on the 7th day, then collapsed into a happy food coma.We came to Langer's for breakfast and was very pleased with the food and service. While they are known for having the "World's Best Pastrami Sandwich", I was not in the mood for a sandwich in the morning, but I still wanted to try their pastrami.So, I ordered their pastrami omelet and it was delicious! The pastrami was flavorful and tender and the entree came with a side of tasty hash brown potatoes, as well as toast or bagel.The service was friendly and attentive. Our server Kevin has been working at Langer's for years, as have a number of other employees.Now I understand why Langer's has been around since 1947. What's even more amazing is that it has managed to survive in the Westlake/MacArthur Park neighborhood....So a co-worker was being generous and treated us to Langer's Deli.  He claimed this place to have the best pastrami sandwich.  I heard of this place from a different co-worker and he swore by it too.  You can park your car at their parking lot across the street or take advantage of their curb side service.  Call in advance and they will bring the order to your car when you arrive.We waited a little bit as the place was packed during lunch time.  My friend & I shared corned beef sandwich, pastrami sandwich and fries.  The sandwiches were good but my friend was right about Langer's pastrami sandwich.  My pastrami sandwich wasn't too salty like the one from the Hat.  It was yum and even better with dijon mustard.  The fries here were good and not greasy at all.  We polished off the fries in minutes.3.5 stars!!Langer's Deli is yummylicious!!!A friend once told me that if you can say the phrase "Pastrami on rye" 19 times fast then the one + only epic #19 (PASTRAMI, swiss cheese, cole slaw + Russian dressing on rye) will magically fall from the skies above!!!     *insert voices of singing angels here*Okay... maybe not really. But at least one thing is spot on... the pastrami here is heavenly!!! This isn't the thin-sliced cheap microwaved stuff from your everyday Subway sandwich or the greasy meat from The Hat or the fattier cuts from Oinkster; the pastrami here can be described as nothing less than perfect as it's cut into thick, meaty slices that are not only tasty but tender to the extreme that it's almost like the meat just slides down your throat. Soooo delicious! After eating the pastrami here, it's really hard to appreciate pastrami from anywhere else in LA ever again.     But wait... why the 4 stars then instead of 5 for all my raving praises?!? Location + prices. If not for Langer's, I would say the MacArthur Park area + Alvarado are places you only ever want to pass through by car + during daylight hours. Just walking the one block from their parking lot at the northeast corner of 7th Street + Westlake or from the Metro Westlake/MacArthur Park station makes me uneasy as there's many locals outside of the storefronts soliciting fake ID's + making comments no girl wants to hear. Ugh. For those who don't want to deal with this, I recommend ordering by phone + getting curbside pick-up on 7th St. And the prices... the famous #19 is a whopping $14.45 before tax + tip.  Yes it looks amazing... yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…, + the combination of the salty pastrami with the sweet of the dressing + cole slaw is genius... but dropping over $15 for a lunchtime sandwich is a bit much. My personal Langer's pastrami favorite is actually the Pastrami French Dip yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2… because the au jus does wonders for boosting the savory flavors of the meat in my mouth, but yes, it, too, is priced high at $14.25. Sure, I suppose both sandwiches are portioned so that they could be shared between 2 people if you're a relatively small eater, but still... it comes a la carte so the price is too steep to afford more than once or twice a year. It's almost impossible to be a foodie in LA + have never at least heard of Langer's. This is one of those places where there's a line out the door at lunchtime + on weekends. If you've never been here before + are reading this review with $15 to spare for some of the best melt-in-your mouth pastrami you'll ever try in your life then GO GO GOOOOOO!!!  And don't forget to chant "Pastrami on rye" ... just in case...  ;)Went here for the first time today. We had the pastrami with sauerkraut and nippy cheese sauce. Amazinggggggggggggg! Delicious, fresh, on a great rye bread. I will be back. A lot.This is the way pastrami is supposed to be!!My wife and I were lucky enough to be invited to a group gathering @ Langer's put together by Dave G. and Dan H. If not for Dave G's invite, we probably would have never visited this place - but with a bunch of friendly, interesting yelpers going - we knew it would be a "can't miss" good time. You have all the hassles of going to LA, traffic, parking, distance (for us) - thank goodness for Langer's private lot  - a little down the street - we were the last ones to get a spot - parking is free when you show your receipt. There was a line - but it seemed to move pretty quickly. That comment is from my observation - we weren't in line due to having a large party. The size of the place, seating, vintage decor, pretty much everything looks the way you would expect it to at a place that is a family owned local landmark and has been open since 1947.My wife had Corned Beef on Rye. I had a Pastrami Dip on a French roll. I also got to try the Matzah ball soup and the cole slaw. I enjoyed the soup and liked the cole slaw as well as the taste of my wife's corned beef. Everyone says how great the rye bread is - well I would agree, because I don't care for rye - picked a bit at my wife's and didn't dislike it, so it must be good! I was glad I had the French roll. On that French roll was the star of the show - thick cut pastrami, moist, meaty, a lot of flavor - and once again - thick cut! I like The Hat, (sound effect of Steven N. dropping dead), but The Hat's pastrami is to Langer's pastrami as DiGiorno pizza is to Tony's Little Italy's pizza.As much as I loved the Pastrami Dip, I wouldn't go all the way up there just to have it again. Mostly due to the distance and hassle, but also because Langer's is pricey in regards to value for the dollar spent. I would go back, maybe once a year, if there was a group trip or something. It is one of those things that I believe is a "must try" though - but now all other local pastrami sandwiches will be 2nd class citizens! Very glad we were able to go - had a great time - Thanks again Dave G.!!!Langers...Langers...Langers...That is all I hear around noon everyday because at work I am constantly dialed in, listening to AM 710 ESPN radio..After all they have a segment of the show named after Langers. The Langers High Noon Showdown. They also appear to advertise on the radio as well. Sooner or later, we might even start seeing commercials on TV. @ work, hunger is setting in for lunch, and all I hear is Langers and how great their hot pastrami sandwiches are. Its been a while since my last #19. Approximately a year and 5 months. Why I have such a distinct memory of how long its been is due to my awful (5 star) review I had once given Langers (yelp newb) at the time so I had deleted the old review to write a new one. Waiting to get out early from work @2pm felt like a eternity and the traffic on the way to Langers from West LA was nevertheless horrible! It could not stop this man from getting what he wanted. Till this day, I still do not know where the hell this damn parking lot Langers supposedly owns is. I parked in the first parking meter I saw close by and did not give a damn about paying for the parking either. I lied, I actually did care, as I tried putting in a single quarter only to get a FAIL reading, so I was like FUCK IT! I left my car as is, with the parking meter flashing red. I met up with Dennis C for the long awaited meal that we had talked about 2 weeks ago. Immediately we got seated and we already knew what we were getting. Each of us had a #19, pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and Russian dressing on rye bread. A large fries is a must with the order! As we waited for our orders, I noticed the FBI agents disguised as undercover workers, with ear pieces hidden behind one ear as they were trying to keep the restaurant in order. Put on a suit and they could be The Secret Service. After all, Langers has a special recipe that is TOP SECRET and sure enough, this recipe needs protection from any copy cats. Our orders came out in little time and I was off to the races. Chewing like a man possessed, I got a reality check every time I chewed on the crust of the rye bread that I needed to chew, or die, choking. Before I even knew it, I was done. The resistance of ordering a 2nd sandwich was met by the price. For $14.xx, its a premium pastrami sandwich with no sides. Hang out by a freeway exit and spare $3-4 dollars of change, and you got yourself a all you can eat Korean bbq dinner! Yes, this is how I like to value things. Thats no excuse to drop my rating in my book though. Until I find something better, Langers is still the best.I ordered their "Legendary No. 19", $14.45, the most popular choice here and widely recognized for being the best pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles. The pastrami was cooked just right: juicy, moist and tender. The rye bread was slightly toasted and buttery. The sandwich was topped with their homemade cole slaw (fresh chopped cabbage, carrots, green pepper and mayonnaise), Swiss cheese and Russian dressing.But I think the Russian dressing threw me off to the taste of the sandwich because I've never had it prepared that way before. Moreover, I am not a real fan of mayonnaise and all it is essentially is a blend of mayonnaise, ketchup, diced pickles and some mild horseradish. It's basically the same ingredients for Thousand Island dressing if you cannot imagine what the blend of flavors would taste like.There is already enough mayonnaise in the cole slaw and then you want to add more mayonnaise to the sandwich? How about no mayonnaise at all?I prefer my pastrami sandwich the traditional way, with yellow mustard, rye bread, Swiss cheese and a dill pickle. Nothing more and nothing less!The best pastrami sandwich in LA? Hardly! In my opinion, the hot pastrami at Eastside Market Italian Deli is just as good and there is not this nonsense with Russian dressing. It's straight-up mustard over there and half the price of the sandwich here!Good pastrami sandwich but it did not blow me away and certainly not the best I've ever had.Can you hold off on the Russian dressing and just pass me the mustard?Open Monday - Saturday, 8am - 4pm. Closed on Sundays.I can only name a few notable No. 19s in sports:  Tony Gwynn, Johnny Unitas and, my least favorite, the Kansas City Chief Joe Montana.In the deli world, however, I've come to know the recognized undisputed king, the No. 19 from the renowned Langer's Jewish deli in LA.  Having finally tried it, the perfect way to describe it is by stealing the famous words of coach Dennis Green, "They are who we thought they were."For those unfamiliar with Langer's deli, the famed No. 19 features thicker cut and absolutely tender and juicy pastrami, with cole slaw, swiss cheese, russian dressing - all housed in rye.  The sandwich packs a punch in terms of flavor, but not overly so.  The pastrami was perfectly seasoned and slowly cooked and each bite simply melted away.  The cole slaw serves as the perfect compliment to the semi-saltiness of the pastrami.  The meat was absolutely 100% succulent.  Though I must admit that nearly $15 for a standard-sized sandwich means you're paying for the fame and reputation as well, I actually think the sandwich is worth the steeper asking price.   Service was on point.  The staff was charming and made us feel more like we were in a small mom and pop establishment than a large world famous deli. I'm not sure if their other offerings are nearly as good as the No. 19.  I had a few bites of my friend's pancake and was a little underwhelmed.  Oh well.  But as far as the famous No. 19, yes, it's definitely as good as advertised.  Indeed, Langer's deserves every bit of the accolades and recognition over the years, a well-deserved go-to spot for locals and a definite must try for visitors.Just a special rave about their take-out and "curbside service"  I wondered how this could actually be accomplished, but indeed they have it all well figured out:When I called in the order, I asked how much the tab would be.  They responded, and asked if I wanted to pay by credit card or cash.  I opted for cash, but presume they would have taken down the card number if I had chosen to use one.   I was asked whether I would need change.  I decided to pay the tab plus tip, so there would be no need for change.If you've been to Langer's ( and I hope you have, or very soon will go and enjoy one of the best deli meals in LA ) you know there's no parking anywhere near the entrance.  The deli worker asked about when we expected to arrive and what kind of car to look for.When we pulled up in front of their entrance ( a red zone ) I saw our order waiting in the window, and as soon as I could open the car door, the food was delivered with a smile !   Paid and on our way in just a few seconds !!These folks really know what they're doing, and do it really well !Oh yeah, they say they will ship anywhere in the world via FedEx ...  whether I could get a hot pastrami on Catalina Island, I don't know -  but if there's a way, I'm sure they'll find it !!How can I not give this place 5 stars. Risking my life just to get the best pastrami is enough reason, right? It's on McArthur Park, people!  And I know my pastrami because I'm Jewish by injection, you got that punk?Besides, where else can you get pastrami, a green card, a social security card, a George W Bush pinata for my birthday, an herbal potion to increase sexual attraction (yeah, yeah,  I'm on a dry spell lately), a chrome grill for your 2006 Chevy pick-up, all in 1 city block? You can't beat that.Anyhoo, minus one star. Standing at the corner while waiting for the green light after that artery-clogging lunch, one loud chihuahua started humping my left leg. Apparently, the potion did work...I just need to make sure that it will do magic on the same species as I am. Hey pooch, I'm not your bitch!I've had the most amazing pastrami sandwich of my life in NY at Katz Deli. When I heard there was a "Katz" of the West in LA, I had to check it out. Food roundup:Plain Pastrami (hand cut) on rye: Now this is pastrami, nicely marbled with great seasoned crust on the meat. Hand cut is definitely the way to go. Also, the bread is warm and soft on the interior which is counteracted by the crispiest crust! I preferred this unadulterated version the best, nothing but meat and bread.#19 - Pastrami with coleslaw, swiss, and russian dressing on rye: This whole combo is their most popular sandwich and I can see why. It's an explosion of salty, fatty, rich, and then crisp and crunchy with the slaw. None of the condiments are the star.Lowdown: It's kind of in the ghetto, but that means it's good. Park down the street in the lot that says Langer's. It's a old 50's diner feel, which is perfect for the food they serve. Pastrami is the best on the left coast! What makes the sandwich too is the unique bread. Katz in NYC is still my #1, but Langer's is the next best thing, and I'll take it!Ohhhhh Langers.... be still my heart.  (Literally).After Langer's #19 sandwich (composed of magic, awesomeness, and probably a few precious drops of Chuck Norris sweat mixed in) pastrami will NEVER be the same again.  Not after I have sunk my teeth into that delectable, carnitas-tender, thick cut Langer's pastrami, sandwiched between two of the freshest, softest pieces of rye bread in existence with only the added perfection of coleslaw, swiss cheese, and russian dressing.  Per-fec-tion.  And I thought I didn't like Pastrami.  Bring on those delicious, delicious nitrates of goodness.Yes, it's on the pricey side, but splitting it gave me the perfect sized half so that I was pleasantly full but not stuffed.  Going halfsies was a total blessing because I surely would have forced myself to eat the other half if I had gotten the whole, and I would have been sick after. The crinkle cut fries are nothing special, but they come in a boat which makes them rad, plus they provide a nice crunchy fried something that goes well with the #19.   The large is plenty to share with 2-3 others.This sandwich is NOT hyped people!  This is definitely something you must make a point to try in this lifetime.  Unlike Chuck Norris, this sandwich will probably NOT cure cancer, but it will raise your level of food appreciation with just one amazing bite.  Parking is located on the corner of 7th and Westlake.  The restaurant will validate for 1.5 hours.  Eat. It. NOW!!!*This 300th review is dedicated to Mr. Norm Langer. The most business-savvy man I know. How do I love thee #19?Let me count the ways1. Thy pastrami is hand sliced2. Thy sandwich melts in thy mouth3. Thy Rye is homemade and freshly sliced4. Thy coleslaw is homemade, crunchy perfection5. The pickles....ohhhh the pickles....6. Barbara.....the sweet Lady who delivers the yumminess with such care.7. Jaime....the man behind the meat. Seriously...this guy slices the meat and so much more.8. And finally, Mr. Langer, who tastes every product he puts out, and doesn't settle for anything less than perfection.The potato pancakes are such a close second in my heart, the crispiness and seasoning are delightful. I dare say that putting applesauce on it is a sin....it's so much better on it's own. So if you find yourself within a 10 mile radius of Langer's, it is a necessity that you stop by. You can call ahead, "Number 19 and potato pancakes to go" you should say and then pull up and the kind people will bring out your order. In my opinion going to Langer's should be an initiation into Yelp Elite status...I do believe the sacred badge should be held until a review is written. That way you would be sure to have had a decent 5 star experience in which to hold others to. It is for this reason that I demand a 6th star for Langer's and their crowning achievement.....the #19.The #19 is a must!  But you already knew that, didn't you? It's definitely one of the greatest pastrami creations known to man: soft sensual rye bread, coleslaw, Swiss cheese, creamy Russian dressing and salty, meaty love ($14).Grilled Cheese ($9) pick your bread, pick your cheese.  If you don't go with the sourdough and the Tillamook cheese, don't blame me if it's not as perfect as I thought it was.Fries ($3) are crinkle cut, just how my inner third grader likes it!Finally, I must tell the world about the BEST chocolate milkshake to have ever hit my lips ($4)!  Damn right, it's better than yours. AND to top it off, they give you the overflow that comes in the silver blender cup. YESSS! The service is always on.  It's friendly, fast, and accurate... they are a well-oiled machine.If you have trouble finding the place, just look for the long line full of white people across the street from MacArthur Park. Oh, and there's a free parking lot 1 block east of the deli with Langer's validation!  Go get 'em.Oh, hi, 5-stars?Yeah, the Minty just gave this LA landmark 5 stars. Why?I fell in love with pastrami.I was never a finicky eater but there were certain things that just never appealed to me as a kid. Beets, cottage cheese...pastrami.I probably didn't eat pastrami until recently. And though every experience has been good, it never occurred to me pastrami was LIFE ALTERING.Yeah, that sandwich, the #19, that I split with Yi Z was THAT GOOD. In fact, I kept thinking, why am I splitting this sandwich? I want my own! I know, I know, it was kind of expensive (over $13)  but my love of Jewish delis has prepared me for the shockingly high prices for a sandwich. Hell, my love for Mendocino Farms has prepared me for the price of a great gourmet sandwich. This was well worth the money.We were chatting about how this venerable institution has even survived in this "tough" neighborhood. It draws in crowds via a Metro stop (only a block away!) and for those who do drive, they have their own free validated parking 1 block away (corner of Westlake and 7th). But I secretly believe it's the #19. How could pastrami be that amazing? It was fatty but seemingly not fatty. What? How do you describe something fatty that doesn't look fatty at all? You don't, you just eat it. And that cole slaw! My god, the best cole slaw ever! And I do know a thing or two about cole slaw. I don't even like rye bread but I could eat this sandwich for days. The perfect toasted rye! My mind has been blown and now I must board a flight to NYC to taste test their biggest rival, Katz.My friend took me here a few years ago as a treat and I literally crave the Pastrami. I would kill for this Pastrami. If you are addicted to something, try the Pastrami, you may find a great substitute here. There are a lot of other great sandwiches too but I dream of this Pastrami. It's so good, I've capitalized the P. The hours are early so go early. It's in an old neighborhood that's seen better days but don't be scared away. As price is concerned, def pricey for a sandwich in the hood but for the experience, worth it.#19 for the win! 19 all the way! 19! 19! 19!Sorry, my enthusiasm got the best of me there. This is an awesome old school deli.I will be here at least 19 times over the next few years.  I may not get the #19 every time.  Or maybe I will.  Why mess with perfection.Oh, and just ask for it lean, not the extra lean that adds $1.  It doesn't need it.If you visit LA, try Langers and find yourself pining for some when you are far away...they will overnite you some pastrami.  Stat.Super sketchy part of LA like everyone was saying. The langer's lot was full when we drove by, and we lucked out on metered parking 2 blocks down. I got here on Saturday at about 1pm and there was a bit of a line waiting outside. We waited for about 15-20 minutes (no line by 2pm when we left). We sat at the counter and the service was quick. I ordered the hot pastrami and a side of chili cheese fries. The bread was toasty around the crust and soft in the middle. The meat was not piled as high as Katz deli in NYC, but the flavor was pretty good. Maybe I hyped myself up too much because I wasn't completely sure it was worth the drive or hassle of parking. It might have also been because the pastrami wasn't piping hot like it was when we got it at Katz. The chili cheese fries were pretty tasty too, but still not something you couldn't get else where. This was overall pretty good, but I'd rather get the pastrami from Katz deli. I'm glad I finally tried it and can cross this one off my list.Eleven of us Yelpers met for a Ciara G birthday celebration lunch at Langers today.  We checked in with the hostess before our entire party arrived, and by the time 90% of us were there (20-ish minutes), our table was set and ready! Yay!We ordered Chili Cheese Fries to buy a little menu perusing time, but they came up so fast it literally only bought us an extra 10 minutes.  The crinkle cut fries were hot and fresh, but the non-sticky chili, though tasty, wasn't my personal fave.**Note: yes, the chili fries were still WORLDS BETTER THAN FRYSMITH'S.I did LOVE the order of Potato Pancakes that the table shared though!  Five big crispy-edged, chewy oniony tender middled pancakes came w/applesauce & sour cream.  I could have eaten a whole order myself!Most of the table ordered the #19 (pastrami, Swiss cheese, coleslaw, Russian dressing on rye) but I chose:#6: chopped liver and pastrami sammich on egg bread, add coleslaw.  Omg!!  SO good!  The chopped liver was super caramelized oniony, the pastrami was tender and perfectly fatty and not overly salty like some pastramis can be.  The not-too-juicy coleslaw on the sammich and pickle spears on the side added an extra crunch and flavor that rounded everything out perfectly!Service was awesome, friendly, attentive, and fast!Langers, you're definitely now my top pastrami pick!If people are willing to stand in a line that stretches out the door in a not so great area of Alvarado, then the food must be damn good. I've always passed by here during lunchtime and didn't think much of it. I just assumed it was another deli like Canter's. Nothing special, and overhyped. Little did I know, the best pastrami exists here!!!Don't come here if you're going to count your calories and order a salad. Seriously, if you do this, I'll know and I'll find you! I'm the expert at Google searches. I will find you and force you to eat a pastrami sandwich until you burst from fullness. Now that I'm done being creepy and sounding like a stalker, I'll talk about the food...My friend and I ordered the #1 while Grace P. ordered the #19. The #1.. can't get simpler than that. Pastrami, cole slaw with Russian dressing, rye bread. The #19 gets a little more fancy and you get Swiss cheese with it. MMM, MMM, MMM.. where do I start? The pastrami was thick, cooked perfectly, and was juicy. I was enjoying it so much that I had to tell Grace P. to stop talking because she was ruining my concentration. Overall, delicious. I really can't think of any other word besides "delicious", because that's exactly what it is. I love unpretentious, messy, good food and this definitely hits the spot.The sign for the restroom tells you it's upstairs and disabled people please go next door to "The Tango Room".  Kinda cruel asking disabled people to go Tango, especially since The Tango Room is a scary looking dive bar where Dan went to down a pre-lunch beer.  I would not send my people, disabled or otherwise, to that place to pee.  Also, I fell down the fucking stairs on the way back from the toilet.  Fell forward from halfway up, grabbed the railing in terror and then crashed onto both my knees and splatted dramatically on the bottom step.  Ouch.  I should've gone to the Tango Room....We were a party of nineteen people...and our waiter Ari/Paul-from-The-Wonder-Years did a great job of handling our overwhelming group.  He split the check into four but then there was all kinds of confusion at the end...apparently.  I was already outside people watching.  This place closes at 4pm and they lock the door so you have to be asked to be let out and then you get to watch people trying to get in.  I stood there like the door bitch saying "they're closed" and watching excited faces turn sad.I ordered the #19 and split it so I also got to try their beef brisket french dip.  Both sandwiches were really tasty, the french dip had a nice salty "Au Jew" and tender meat.  I did favor the pastrami sandwich though.  Succulent meat, cheese, coleslaw and amazing Rye.  And the Russian dressing, which Ari/Paul-from-The-Wonder-Years brought us extra of, is to die for.  It's a messy sandwich, but it was worth the battle.  It was even worth falling down the stairs for.Finally, after living in SoCal for 33 years I made it to the Legendary Langers.  And as you can see by the 5 stars I was WooHooing whilst chowing down on my #19 pastrami/swiss, with Russian dressing, topped with coleslaw on rye.I'll start from the top;Rye bread:  I love my crust hard and chewy.  This did not disappoint as there were pieces of the crust breaking off and landing around my plate after several bites.  Now that's crunchy, but it was freshly soft in the center.  BTW the rye, I was told by my friendly and informative waiter, is from Bea's Bakery in Tarzana; yelp.com/biz/beas-bakery….  They sell loaves of it here as well. Slaw:  Just enough to add some sweet/sour flavor to the fattiness of the meat, but not too much to overtake the sandwich.Russian dressing:  requested light,  to better taste the meat.Pastrami:  I normally prefer my meats lean.  This was a little fatty, slightly greasy, and I wouldn't have changed a thing.  It resulted in the most tender meat of any kind I have ever experienced in a sandwich. The spicy factor was awesome,  with the salt to pepper ratio superbly balanced.  I was licking my lips for an hour.  At first glance it appears a lil skimpy, but the Bea's rye slices are larger than at most deli's so the quantity was fine IMO.  I was stuffed the rest of the day and into late night.The dill pickles on the side:  Sorry Chris D and other lovers of the briny spears, but I didn't want to interrupt the joyness attacking my taste buds.  Never even had a nibble.  I know, deli blasphemy. Cost: $14.45 for #19, Langers own tasty brand of cream soda (no Dr. Browns), tax = $19+.  Worth every penny.The service:  very attentive, although I was there around 3:00 on a Monday, and friendly.  Well except for the gorgeous register girl that seemed too stuck up to smile or answer simple questions w/o an air of contempt or eye contact.   Decor/ambience:  Exactly what you would expect for an old deli circa 1947 in one of the oldest areas of LA .  But very clean.  In fact all of the wait staff had clean, stain-free white shirts on, even after lunch rush time.  Do they change when soiled?  Neighborhood:  I personally love the historical parts of LA, this being the MacArthur Park area: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma….  If you are one of those OC yelpers that have written of feeling uncomfortable going to parts of Santa Ana or the Placentia/19th street corridor of Costa Mesa, this may not be for you.Even though I have been aware of Langers forever, I still need to thank some of my favorite OC yelpers for their great reviews that prodded me to make the pilgrimage.  So thank you, Stevenenen, KC O, Al S, and our resident Deli Expert, Dave G.  Thanks guys, just holler when your ready for a return trip, I'll drive.I guess I'm the 1300 person to review about this place.  You know a place is perfectly awesome when couple hundred people give a 5 star review.  If you give this place less than 5 stars, seek help NOW.  And stop yelping!  I just had to eat here to find out what all the hype was about.  Here's my experience even before getting to the restaurant....My friend and I parked at the Langer's parking lot a block away from this restaurant.  It was around 11:15am.  Now remember this.  Langer's is located in a very ghetto area near DTLA.  Ladies, don't be surprised if you feel completely out of place and feel unsafe because you're not exactly in the safest part of town.  Couple men harassed us and we were holding on to our purses hoping not to get mugged.  Yeah, it was bad.  When we got the Langer's, it was like night and day.  I'll just leave it at that.  Our server was extra friendly and our service was excellent.  We ordered the #19 because it was their most famous sandwich along with clam chowder and fries.  GET THE #19!!!!!!!!!!!!    Got this on a french roll which was soft and amazingly baked to perfection.  It's big enough to share so order sides and share a sandwich.  Get here EARLY.  By 12pm, there was a long line forming outside.   There is also a curb side pick up.   After experiencing Langers, I can see why and how this place gained so much popularity and fame even before I was born!  Soild 5 stars!!!!!this speech is my recital, I think it's very vitalTo rock (a rhyme), that's right (on time)It's NIPPY is the title, here we go...It's NIPPY to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on timeIt's NIPPY...it's Nippy (Nippy) Nippy (Nippy)I was fortunate enough to have someone blast this Run DMC ditty as I biked home from a Langers experience.  Sometimes life can give you the best word fusions.  Undoubtedly, I'll never be able to eat a Nippy Cheese sandwich without pining for an over-sized boombox resting on my shoulder.There's just something about Langer's that's just so god damn charming.  All the servers are so sweet, and know how to treat their regulars.  Langer's is the antithesis of the kitschy diners most people know today, this place is the real deal.  There's no brand new sparkly red booths, no jukebox, no 1950's memorabilia on the wall, no 16 year old girls wearing paper hats.  Just good food and even better service.They got latkes that remind me of my grandma.The Nippy Cheese sandwich is perfect everytime.  It's got that oh so right, and oh so wrong buttery crunch.  Rye bread is always my first choice is any situation.I'm living proof you can go to Langer's and not eat animals.See you next time.If the makers of the film When Harry Met Sally had chosen Langer's to be the location of the infamous deli-gasm scene, Meg Ryan wouldn't have had to act. She simply would've placed The Sandwich (PASTRAMI and COLE SLAW Russian Style Dressing) into her mouth. With just one bite or two, the chewing would've stopped, as the thin, quivering layers of pastrami will have dissolved on her tongue. Along with the cool chunks of Cole Slaw flavored ever more by the sharp punch of Russian dressing, the mixture would've gushed down her throat, delivering one ecstatic yelp from her lips, two pounds of her fists and three massive hair shakes.  Was that good for you?Don't leave California without a visit to this institution.Langer's is an L.A. institution I never really cared to try, but I was nevertheless excited to come here for lunch last week because after dragging Mark here and there all over the city to places I  want to try for well over a year, this was a place we were visiting just for him. Yay Monkeylover!Still, I wasn't sure what to expect because I am generally not much of a deli eater-they tend to be overpriced, serve mainly cold cuts and red meat (neither of which I am a big fan of) and offer huge portions that seem wasteful and unhealthy to me.Langer's has made me a convert. I was kept complaint-free the whole meal, mouth full of delicious roast beef on rye with lettuce and Russian dressing that I couldn't get enough of. I got the half sandwich and green salad combo and was pleased they served the dressing on the side and that my Italian was clearly high quality. Yes, it was fairly pricey and there was so much (lean!) meat I removed half but it left me happily full, not stuffed and feeling heavy.As for Marky, who I was there for after all, he got the ever popular #19-pastrami on rye with cole slaw, swiss, and Russian dressing. He enjoyed it and was full enough after half to take the other home and prolong the Langer's yumminess.The total experience was a good one. Easy free 1 hour parking at their lot a block down at Westlake and 7th, servers like Gary who was attentive, friendly, and quick to offer up information to ensure the sandwiches were prepared to our liking. $30 for lunch before tip isn't exactly cheap but if I am ever in need of a simple, no-fail meal around here I will have no hesitation on where to go and who to pick up an extra sammie for.Zapatorias, pinatas and pastrami sandwiches?  Oh my!!  The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but the food at Langer's is capital D-licious!  I thought Jerry's Mazto ball soup was great, but after tasting the Matzo ball soup at Langer's which is in its purest and tastiest form (matzo ball + broth, can it get any more simple than that??), I realized that Jerry's adds noodles and veggies to distract you from tasting how non-authentic and bland their commercialized recipe really is.  Lame!   As for the pastrami sandwich... SO GOOD!  The pastrami wasn't too salty or fatty, the bread was soft, and the crust was crunchy.  Personally, I think the bread is what makes the sandwich amazing.  Simply perfection!Full disclosure: I'm an east coast Jew. That means two things - 1) I know good deli, and 2) I'm damn picky, and vocal about it.It is important to understand the term "good deli." This term isn't merely the use of two words "good" and "deli" - it's the two together, stated firmly and in a somewhat guttural tone of voice, as if one finally had a glass of cool water after a long hike in the desert. Good deli requires three things: a large menu of fantastic Jew food, warm yet sassy servers, and noise - lots of it, provided by noisy Jewish diners gossiping about food, people and the general state of things.Having lived all over the country I've both enjoyed good deli and pined for it. But I never found it west of the Mississippi - until now.Langer's is good deli. It's the same, yet different. When I walked in it was incredibly familiar. It clearly hasn't been remodeled in forever and nobody cares. Good deli isn't about decor, in fact, outmoded decor is a plus. The menu was incredibly familiar - they have all the necessities of good deli. I suspect the people who work there have been there forever, like the deli itself. And the place was abuzz with joyous noise, punctuated from time to time by a bite and a moan.What was different than anything I've had before was the sandwich itself. I order the same thing whenever I try a new deli: hot lean corned beef on rye, plain. Yeah, you read that right - plain. I don't need any mustard overpowering the flavor of that delicious corned beef. If the sandwich is good it won't be dry. The meat will be moist enough to carry it.So the sandwiches come out (my wonderful husband Jim W got the famed #19 which he waxed on about in his review ) on what appears to be a slightly coarser rye - thicker crust, thicker slices - and the meat itself isn't shaved. It's thick, that's right I said thick. I've eaten at over 100 delis and I've never seen that anywhere. But it was fantastic!!! In fact, Jim's #19 was the best pastrami I've ever tasted. We moaned through the entire meal. We split a delicious order of hash brown w/onions as accompaniment and I took half my sandwich home (also a good sign - Jews are feeders. If they don't feed you enough to have too much they've shamed their ancestors).Though I'm surely not the first - or even the hundredth - I officially pronounce this deli east coast Jew approved.Thanks to fellow yelpers Al S and Lon H (my cousin) for the recommendation. I owe you one.Cruising the mean streets of LA with a starving 9 month pregnant woman is good times. Mrs KC: Hey look...taco truck! Wow that Thai place looks good. Did you just effing drive by Phillipe's???KC: Those places are great honey but I think you'll like Langer's.Next thing ya know, we are belly up at the counter...literally... I mean have you seen our bellies?Joan the server: Hey KC...so this must be Mrs. KC. So nice to meat (sic) you. The usual hon?KC: YepJoan: Speaking of Yep, sorry about not being Elite '10. What happened? You carried Yelp in '09.KC: Those Yelp decision makers just ain't read so good, Joan.As usual, Langer's delivers the goods. We did one corned beef w/ sauerkraut on grilled rye (#88) and one pastrami slaw (#21). Mrs. KC was in heaven for 30 minutes. So nice to see her beaming. Even Joan kept complimenting Mrs. KC on how great she looked.Stop! Collaborate and listen!This poet is back with a brand new invention!Langer's is a place, I will call greatAll your sandwich needs they will satiateYes, their food's expensive!  Yo! Yelpahs do I knowThis deli in LA has a lot of my dough!But to the extreme I'll tout this place like a foodieWifey knows to take me here when I'm feeling really moodyEat!  Go rush their food in your mouthThe best pastrami in the world, that's what they're all aboutTender, the pastrami is the def chiefBut go there with a group and also get some corned beefPastrami or corned beef, you're gonna say hooray!You'll hit the bull's eye, this poet don't playWhen you take your first bite, Yo! So evolvingCheck out the hook while my rhymes they are revolvingLan -ger's baby....Pastrami Langer's babyLan -ger's baby....And corned beef Langer's babyNow that I've got you ravenousYou'll find all their toppings here for their sandwiches fabulousDressing, it's a spread they call RussianSo pickly and creamy it'll give you a concussionCole slaw, on your sandwich makes you salivateSends endorphins through your body as you masticate and masticateSwiss cheese, is the cheese that they're aboutAnd if you go a second time, you must get the sauerkraut Pickles, dill-y good such a complementNow, Langer's, how I love you but I one thing I must lamentLocation, in a place that it so far awayCan only go there sporadically yet each and every dayI'm tempted, when I turn on AM 710Langer's Lunch is praised by Mike and 'Drew at ESPNThe showdown when I listen makes me hungryBut I have to stay and work and I have to save my money.When you take your first bite of Langer's, Yo! so life-evolvingCheck out the hook while my rhymes they are revolvingLan -ger's baby....Pastrami Langer's babyLan -ger's baby....And corned beef Langer's babyAlso, Langer's baby to go.....(curbside service)EAT with your mother!Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**After reading many reviews for Langer's, I told myself, "Damn, I have to try this place out!" A few months back, I went to Katz Deli in NYC and thought to myself, "Hoooolyyyy Shit, WOW... this is by far one of the best pastrami sandwiches I have ever eaten... why can't SoCal have a joint like this?!" Following my trip from NYC, I took the time to Yelp a pastrami joint similar to Katz: Thick, handcut pastrami, juicy, and orgasmic. And low and behold.... LANGER'S DELI in Los Angeles!So, on a Friday morning right before the rush of lunch hour, I headed to LA to try what many Yelpers and the like say is the best pastrami in town! Upon entering, it was clear to see Langer's had full of history just by the interior decor, etc. At the front of the door was a rather large sign that stated, "Our most popular sandwich: #19", so of course I ordered the #19 and also a regular ole' pastrami sandwich "plain" so that I could compare the quality of the pastrami with Katz. My first bite... disappointing. The rye bread had a nice outer crunch but I found it hard to eat because it was so... overly crunchy, I'd say. Nevertheless, the meat... UGH! It was quite fatty and I read on the menu that for a lean cut, it cost an extra $3... totaling out to a $17+ pastrami sandwich!! Umm.. no thank you, how about you give me a nice thick lean cut in general! I don't mind fatty because I know it makes a sandwich more juicy, etc, etc... but this cut was quite fatty and by the first bite, my taste buds gave up. #19 ($14+)The russian cole slaw was decent... but I felt like it overpowered the taste of the pastrami sandwich overall. It tasted nothing special from other cole slaws I've had. Plain Pastrami ($12+)This plain pastrami sandwich was the true test of the pastrami itself and it FAILED. I was very disappointed because the cuts were not that thick and the quality of the meat was lacking in my opinion... in comparison to Katz of course.CONCLUSION:Now, I understand it's not fair to compare the best of LA to the best of NYC... but it was hard not to because after hearing and reading the amazingness of Langer's, I had similar high expectations. However, I will say that Langer's is the best pastrami sandwich I've eaten in LA... but not the best ever. If you've been to Katz in NYC, you'll know what I am talking about... but if you haven't, I encourage you to try if you happen to be in the city. Besides that, if you're a sucker in LA... I say EAT IT! Sorry, but I won't be coming back to Langer's... Katz Deli, you are still my favorite!I'm pretty much writing this review so I won't forget to bring more people here in the future.  I love that it's so close to a Red Line station so I know I won't have to drive and find parking in this busy neighborhood.  I went to Langer's this past weekend and became an instant fan.  I mean, they charge you A LOT for a sandwich, but there is always a line out the door!  I was a silly girl and stood in said line even though I was only interested in take-out.  Next time, I will know to just walk right in and look for the counter on the left.I ordered the corned beef sandwich b/c I am still a little hesitant about eating pastrami after I got food poisoning a few years ago (NOT from Langer's though).  I think there was some sort of miscommunication because all I got was the corned beef with nothing else in it even though the menu said it came with sauerkraut and Swiss cheese on rye.  I guess it was because the waitress asked me if I wanted mustard and I said no.  Then she asked if my party wanted anything else and I said no.  Maybe she thought I was referring to just my sandwich?  Anyway, I deducted a point for that because I am sure my sandwich would have been more awesome with everything in it.I got a taste of the famous pastrami sandwich and it was everything you could ever ask for in a pastrami sandwich.  The sandwich was so juicy, flavorful, and filling.  I think I am over my fear of pastrami now!Long story short, Langer's is on the pricey side, but is worth it if you want to treat yourself to a REALLY GREAT SANDWICH!  I suggest you come hungry, but not too hungry since you will have to wait if you want to be seated.At last!  A place I can count on for "tantalizing" pepper-crusted pastrami.  Got to be the best I've had.  Too bad they're not in Northern California....but heck, it's way worth the drive down the 5.  I had the #19 (pastrami, coleslaw, swiss, with Russian dressing on rye), the most popular sandwich on the menu...with reason!  The hot pastrami was perfectly slow-cooked (tender) and seasoned, with the right amount of fat.  The Brisket of Beef open faced sandwich was incredible.  With a mountain of beef on the large plate, we couldn't see any of the bread at the bottom.  The brisket, with gravy, was tender and full of flavor....melted in my mouth.  The #88 (hot corned beef, sauerkraut and swiss grilled on rye) was a force to be reckoned with...with savory corned beef, and lots of it! The crinkle-cut fries and potato pancakes were wonderful additions to our meal.        Visiting on a Saturday afternoon, we didn't have to wait long.  The Deli is enormous and service was prompt.  This place is a must-go everytime I visit SoCal. Too bad they're closed on Sundays and at 4pm everyday after.  Thanks to Chris and Mia for an amazing introductory lunch!Dave had the great idea of making Black Friday a Black Pastrami Friday.  What an excellent idea!  He even drove us all there!Upon first glance, it isn't that much to look at.  I don't think that they have remodeled since the day they opened.  But the minute we sat down and looked at the plentiful menu, it caught my interest.  And when they brought my #10 Pastrami sammy with a pickle I was in heaven!  I don't think I have had Pastrami that just melts in your mouth like this.  So much flavor, holy crap, this sandwich was all I needed.  The table was in silence as everyone savored bite after bite.  It was just to good to stop and talk!  I think I heard Steven murmuring to himself over and over again..."hhmmmm, so good...so good.....hmmmmm".  Yep, it was that good.I couldn't even make it to those delicious looking homemade pies and cakes that they have spinning in the temptation rotator.....I was too full from my sandwich.  They don't skimp on those puppies!This is definitely a 4 and a half star...I just docked a bit for the ol fashion decor.But, don't let the exterior and decor scare you away.  This place serves the best Pastrami around.  Enough said!Go early, I think they close at 4pm.The #19 sandwich-- pastrami on rye is so good.  Langer's has been on this corner forever and it's easy to see why.  No reason to go to Juniors, Jerry's or Canter's as long as this is around.Marvelous place!This restaurant has some of the most tender pastrami ever. It's not piled on like a shredded bunch of meat scraps; it's actually sliced like pretty pieces of bacon. And it's pretty lean. My group of 4 ordered the pastrami platter, which serves 2-3 people (though we think it could serve 4 moderate eaters) and a brisket sandwich. The brisket was aiiight, but the pastrami plattter.... MMMMMMMMMMM!! My friends could not stop raving about it. We had the fries and the cole slaw on the side, both of which were SUPER GOOD (we dipped the fries in the au jus from the brisket)!! If you do get the fries, don't forget to add the CHILI CHEESE!! Also, I don't normally like coleslaw, but this one was delicious. And it came with warm rye bread, small sweet pickles and large crispy pickles, and a big ball of chopped liver. For a person who doesn't like ANYTHING liver, this chopped liver wasn't bad (though I still don't fancy it since it's liver). The pastrami seemed endless, but the 4 of us were able to finish it happily. Last, but not least, one would expect a diner-like place to have so-so service. This place had the warmest, friendliest servers and hosts I've ever had in a diner. We were greeted and served with a smile from beginning to end. =)Parking is on the diagonal block east of the restaurant on 7th. It's $2, I think. Yum, yum, yum! You will not regret coming here.Best. Pastrami. Ever. Thick cut pieces of pastrami that just melts in your mouth topped with cole slaw in rye bread. Give me more! Been here twice and shared a pastrami sandwich with large fries with a friend. We always leave satiated, not stuffed. MmmmWHY HAVE I NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE? Definitely the BEST pastrami ever!Joanna P. and her friend got the #1, and I got the #19 with the Swiss cheese. Absolutely delicious. HUGE sandwich though. Hard to finish, and I REALLY tried. Trust me, I'm always down for a food challenge. But after that many fries, it was pretty much impossible to eat it all up.The #1 and #19 don't differ much- just the Swiss cheese. I don't think the cheese really did much for the sandwich though. The pastrami and cole slaw's juiciness and the toastiness of the rye bread totally took over. So save yourself on the....wait no I can't say that. Screw that. Pick whichever! Don't you dare think about calories at this place!Where else in Los Angeles can you get a HUUUUUGE pastrami sandwich with a side of  Fake IDs. I mean.. wait, what? Why no. I never partook in getting novelty ID's from the many different Passport places near here. And while never getting any of those toy IDs did I wait for the printing process while sitting in this great establishment enjoying the massive amounts of portions on the Pastrami sandwiches. I frankly never had anything else here. I dunno. It would seem like I missed out if I came here and didn't have the Pastrami sandwich, you know. I have to warn you. The area is pretty bad. Drugs, fake ids and other such illegal activities flow through the nearby streets. So if you're a single female looking for good meat sandwiches, don't come alone, I suppose. But this is one of those establishments that is iconic for the city. You have to come here once and when you do, your view on a piled high sandwich will be forever changed. You'll be wanting seconds or my name isn't Bruce Wayne. I even got ID to prove it.Best pastrami sandwich outside of Katz Deli in NY.I tried both the #19 and #44 ... you know what, I actually liked the #44 a bit more.  I think the big difference for me was the #44 was warmer, the mushy sauerkraut and gooey nippy cheese plus I kept dipping it in the side of Russian dressing.  So heavenly good.  The #19 was also delicious in its own right.  The coleslaw was delicious, not runny or too dry.Since I had leftovers, I heated everything up the next day and thought it was even more delicious!!!I'll be honest, I was a bit underwhelmed by Langer's.  I'm not a pastrami connoisseur by any means, but it is pretty good.  Langer's comes across as something of an old-school staple.  On the outskirts of Downtown LA, west of the 110 fwy, in a hispanic zone before you hit Koreatown.  If you weren't looking for it, you'd probably pass by haphazardly.  All the surrounding stores and people walking the streets speak Spanish as a language, first and foremost.   You can get validated parking at 7th and Westlake, though it's a small lot, and can get packed quick.  Street parking with meters otherwise.The minute you step into Langer's, it feels so old world.   So... 1950's.  It's as if the door was a warp zone, transcending you from the Mexican swap meet street.  And is the 80/20 rule ever so present here.  Meaning, 80% of Langer's business likely comes from their 20% repeat customers.  As if Langer's were their raison d'etre, helping them survive 2 world wars, and a potbelly as a patron bonus (yes, that means, you'll be seeing a lot of old and heavy people here).  That, or you may be surrounded by more suits than a Men's Warehouse, from the business people that flocked over on their lunch break.'cause Pastrami ain't cheap.  Sure, Langer's has traditional breakfast. Steak and eggs. Cream cheese and lox.  But who comes here for that?  It's all about the pastrami.  Crudely carved, moist, tender, flavorful pastrami.  Even if you order only a pastrami sandwich and nothin' else, bill will come to around $15.  FIFTEEN DOLLARS??? For a sandwich??? Well, consider that it's monstrous.  You're really getting 2 sandwiches here.  It comes to you, cut in half.  One half of a pastrami sandwich here dwarfs a whole sandwich most anywhere else.  I know sandwich #19 with pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing gets a lot of love.  But for me, #54 with pastrami and CORNED BEEF is what gets the job done.  If you come for a table, really expect a wait.  It's truly, utterly popular here.  And bring $25 at least.  In case you want a drink, like a chocolate malt too.  Sometimes you just crave calories.   And I find hospitality to be pretty good and warm.  One of the ladies there always offers extra pickles when I take leftover to go. Such a dear!So this is one of those things you must really love or crave for.  If you were gonna spend $15-20 dollars on a meal, would you be getting pastrami?  Would you rather save $10 and get pastrami from the Hat? Would you rather spend $16.99 on all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ?  Would you want to go to the Pantry for unlimited bread and coleslaw, and fat thick juicy steak for $16 instead?Because sometimes a girl wants an insanely massive plate of just-right potato pancakes with sour cream and applesauce shooters under ten bucks.Thighs: meet your new friend cellulite.How can you not love Langer's? I've eaten pastrami sandwiches all over the country, and Langer's does it right. Not just delicious meat and cole slaw, but the bread is to die for. Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic. My usual is the #19, and my husband & I usually share an order of fries. While the food is pricey (aren't all delis?), keep in mind that the sandwiches are enormous. I've never been able to eat more than half and usually take the other half home.Service is quick and efficient. There's validated parking in the lot across the street. Also consider taking home a loaf of the rye bread.The pastrami here is in a league of its own. It's been years since I've been here but Langers has been on my mind since reading several reviews recently. Today, we were in DTLA so brought the family to the pastrami Mecca. As we drove into the hood, I immediately felt out of place as the OC family from the burb in the middle of gritty MacArthur Park. However, we soon saw we were not alone as we walked past a string of burb'ans after they've had their pastrami fix. After studying the menu, we had to fight the impulse to order everything. So we settled on #19, pastrami sandwich served w/ cole slaw, Swiss, and Russian dressing (their most popular we noted). We also got the lox, onion and egg breakfast along w/ a short stack of potato pancake and a cup of mushroom barley soup for the boys. The pastrami doesn't need description - you just have to try it. Now, the other stuff were not as fabulous, hence the less than perfect score. The potato pancake had too much onions in the mix. So much so the boys didn't care for it. The egg dish was tad over salted and again the onions were not cooked enough so the taste was a little over powering. However, the hashbrown was cooked to perfection, browned and crispy crust with soft, tender and buttery core. The soup was a huge hit with the youngest as he nearly downed the whole bowl. Given its less than ideal location, it's amazing how busy they were. As we walked out, there were nearly 20 people lined up outside. Perhaps the neighborhood is just part of the Langer's creed.Langers makes the best pastrami sandwich in the entire USA. Even the New York Times says so. Just read the review in the window.The meat is steamed for hours and hand sliced for your own personal sandwich. The bread is cut for your order. It's transcendental. As Maiko (see below) says, it's worth traversing Highway 5 just to go there.Old Man Langer, 93 years old) has been in the business for 80 years. His son, round 60, runs the day-to-day. When he retires, it is the end of pastrami-as-we-know-it. Get it while you can.Even my cardiologist says "Langers is a very good place."  Apparently, despite the fat of the pastrami, the risk-to-reward ratio meets the statistical requirements of the AMA. If I die, let me go with a Langers pastrami sandwich (and a Dr. Brown's black cherry) in my hands.Langers lives up to the hype, but second to Katz delicatessan in NY.- get the pastrami on rye! The pastrami is juicy and the bread is slightly sweet. The combination is magical!-1 star for price. Its about $15 for a pastrami sandwich, but you can share or better yet, save it for left overs!-The area is shady, so be careful. - There is a public parking lot around the corner for $5, but apparently there is a free lot in between Langers and 7th with validation. A must try!!HOLY CRAP.  I have just eaten the single best sandwich I have EVER, EVERRRRR, EVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR HAD!So, I'm not a pastrami guy.  Only had it once or twice in my life and it always thought it was nasty and that I didn't have the taste for it.  Lots of my relatives love it and its probably my Father-in-laws favorite thing.  So my buddy works in downtown, discovered yelp from another buddy, looked up good places around his work and found Langers.  He's tough to please and picky but he went, tried it, and loved it.  Has been talking it up ever since.  So I was stuck in LA today, called him and we met up in the lovely, safe part of town for lunch.I don't do rye so I got the 19, I guess, on a roll, with no slaw, just the swiss and the dressing and we ordered the extra lean meat.  Again, HOLY CRAP.  I can't even describe in English how good it was.  Just make some groans, moans and grunts and a lick of the fingers.  UN - F -ING - BELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!!!!  If it was a woman, I'd marry it and take my two wives to Utah!  Seriously.  AWESOME!  Best Sandwich I've ever had.  The pastrami was so great.    Only downside, DAMN its expensive.  15+ for the sando as ordered plus drink and tip = $23!!!  But the best lunch ever with a buddy, PRICELESS!!!!  Its a good thing I don't live or work in LA.Langer's basically defines the 5 star Yelp review. At every instance where something could have went wrong during my dining experience here, the fine people at Langer's somehow managed to avert a crisis. Case in point: these people know how to handle a crowd.Yes, there's a line out the door for a table. But you won't wait long. And you will be greeted by friendly employees when you finally get to the end of the line. Next, they'll take you inside their kitschy, old diner that hasn't changed since the 50s or 60s. Menu items are priced high (for sandwiches) but the entire experience is worth it. Like I said, they know what they're doing here.Number 19? Legendary. I've never tasted rye bread like this. So soft. How do they get it so soft? Crinkle cut fries. Mandatory. Langer's puts others to shame. Know how to run a business. Know how to handle a crowd of hungry patrons and employ good, hard-working people. No wonder they're famous.Hm... what to say about Langer's that hasn't already been said?-It is better than Canter's... in basically every way possible. Service, parking (validated for 2 hours), price/value, and food quality/deliciousness.-The pastrami sandwich is more than decent, it's pretty good. They give you a sizable portion, but I still don't think it's worth that much money.-It's not as good as New York.-...Not by a long shot.Worth a try for the hype, but I doubt I'll be back.I've lived in LA my whole life and this is my first time to Langer's Deli.LANGER'S LIVES UP TO THE HYPE! A TRUE LANDMARK OF LA!Located in the cuts of LA next to drug central MacArthur Park near Koreatown, Langer's Deli has shitty parking, but after you take a bite of the #19 Pastrami, all your worries will go away.Service:Awesome.You start off by waiting in line outside and a hostess will ask you how many people in your party. The wait isn't even that long. Polite and courteous.Waitresses are super nice and attentive. After you finish eating, you pay your bill at the front. The manager will thank you and you'll be on your way.Food:Awesome.+#19 #19 #19 You have to get this!Rye bread - not too hard, not too soft, perfect.Cole Slaw - fresh and tastyRussian style dressing - complements the slaw, goes greatSwiss cheese - the extra thing that makes the sandwich betterPASTRAMI - addicting, hard to explain, enough said, i want some as i'm writing this review....Price:Pricey for a sandwich but it's worth it. One of the rare establishments that they can have high prices and people will still come. Landmark.Atmosphere:Always busy. Always packed. But seems very efficient. Oh yeah, they got curbside service. Order ahead and they'll bring you the food to your car. Sweet.I'll be back for sure!TARJETA!!! TARJETA!!! Luckily found some parking on Alvarado St. right next to Langer's and as I took my first step out of the car was immediately offered a fake social security card, driver's license, and birth certificate by a small tiny old Mexican lady. She was adorable.  Ohhh snap!!!  Birth certificates... that's new, but I think I'm good for today... I do have some illegal immigrant cousins...  but when worst comes to worst, a pastrami sandwich comes first!!!We arrived at the delicatessen at 3:30pm because my lady friend refused to get out of bed.... this is somewhat an issue, as the restaurant closes at 4pm.  Ordered the #19, a side of potato salad, and a bowl of Matzo Ball soup.  We split the portions down the middle like a nasty divorce. And later reconciled over a Mango Mousse at Porto's Bakery.The pastrami sandwich on rye was incredible and calmed any thoughts of disappointment.  The thickly sliced meat was not greasy, but rather succulent and juicy.  The equally important rye bread was soft in the middle with a great crust.  Swiss cheese and Russian dressing coleslaw components came together like a family reunion.  The sandwich exceeded all expectations and is on another plane of existence when compared to any other Jew deli in LA.  Matzo Ball soup was very tasty, but was served to us lukewarm.... we let this one slide as the infamous #19 pastrami sandwich picked up all the slack and made all else seem irrelevant.  The potato salad provided a nice starch in between bites but is nothing to write home about.Aside from this place closing at 4pm and lukewarm soup, this place is worth all the hype and serves the BEST pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles.  Highly RecommendedOn the corner of 7th & Alvarado, where you'd least expect it, sits this legendary delicatessen. The neighborhood must have changed around it since 1947, because it definitely doesn't fit in anymore. The parking meter I attempted to put change into was broken, several people tried to sell me pay-as-you-go cell phones, and I'm pretty sure someone was considering young-adult-napping me.  When you walk in however, you're transported to another world where the outside no longer matters. The sandwiches are so good you probably won't be too upset to find out your car was broken into while you were inside. Totally worth it.  A Langer's sandwich is next to godliness. It should also be next to a pitcher of water, because you're going to be thirsty for the rest of the day. Ah, such is the nature of pastrami! Langer's pastrami isn't any ol' pastrami, though! I don't know what they do to it, but it is pure excellence. "Dry" isn't a word spoken in Langer's. They stack it so high, that half a sandwich will fill you up for the rest of the day. For a $13 sandwich, this is what I'd expect. You get your money's worth and leftovers that are just as good the next day. The Russian dressing is worth mentioning as well. Don't skip it! The pastrami may be heavenly, the rye bread may be the perfect texture, but the sandwich is not the same without the dressing!Anyway. The world's best pastrami? I believe it.It's exactly what other people said...fantastic fatty pastrami..I ordered number 14 but my lil bro said 19 is the best...however, no one warned me that I needed to be "strapped" to enter this side of the town.  Good food... a little expensive for a sandwich but sure tasty.  Next time I venture to this part of town, I'll bring back up.Yeah, another joint that has gotten rave reviews and hype that fell far short of expectations....I can't say it was a bad pastrami sandwich, the pastrami was ok..... not spectacular or extraordinary, but it wasn't worth the drive hassle or the money, nor is it even close to the best pastrami in LA, the United States, or the entire world, though I have heard that stated more than once.....blah....what I can say with utmost confidence is that is is definitely the most overhyped sandwich I have ever heard of!The rye bread had good flavor but the crust just made the sandwich inedible....... you have to saw through it with an electric chain saw or somethin, since using teeth and trying to tear it off just can't get the job done.I guess maybe the sandwich with slaw, russian dressing or the pastrami rueben might be the better way to go, so it doesn't get stuck halfway down.  Yellow mustard from the 99 cent store was ridiculous too....at 14 bucks a pop for a sandwich,  a nice deli mustard is too much to ask for apparently.Really, really amazing pastrami sandwiches!!  I got the #19 (pastrami on rye with cole slaw, swiss cheese, and russian dressing) and the BF got the pastrami dip.  Two very different sandwiches, but both amazing in their own ways.  The pastrami dip came with the most flavorful au jus, and was perfection in the simplest form.  Just pastrami on a roll, but a damn good roll with damn good pastrami.The #19 was a much tangier interpretation, and even though I'm not the biggest fan of cole slaw, it was surprisingly good.  I also got a chocolate milkshake, and it was superb.Now, the one thing I must rave about is kind of strange: the french fries!!!  They give you the option to choose regular or crispy; get the crispy.  They were perfectly crisp on the outside but soft on the inside, and the BF is not a french fry person, but he LOVED them.  I'm always a french fry person, so it wasn't a surprise that I did :)The only complaints I have are that the prices are a bit high for what you get and the service is REALLY slow.  I've gotten more pastrami (equally as moist and tasty) at other sandwich places for $9 (including a side dish).  Here it'll run you around $11-14 without a side.  I think the slow service is due to age, but at least the older ladies are super friendly servers!Damn that #19 really is an extraordinary sandwich!!!I hadn't had one in awhile and since I was kind of on this side of town I stopped by for curbside pickup.  I also tried the potato pancakes and cheese blitzes which were also outstanding!  Forget those other delis...Disregard the not-so-good part of town and the slightly higher prices...Langer's is definitely worth the trip!!!A quality pastrami is something everyone should get to know. Born from the combination of beef brisket, herb, spices, and brine, the holistic effect of the immersion causes the meat to tenderize into a delectable form. Sliced thickly, with the sinews of the meat falling apart gently with the slightest pull, with a slight salty taste, and usually with the mild bite of pepper, a perfect pastrami often lends one to ponder the days gone by, when lack of refrigeration lead to techniques such as these, but with the side effect being of pure culinary joy. With each passing chew, one ruminates upon the marvels of human know-how and the domestication of cattle. A quality pastrami is something everyone needs to try at least once.Langer's has this pastrami. Founded in the 1940's, by someone reasonably assumed to be some guy with a first or last name of Langer, this Los Angeles landmark is not to be missed.Some people may turn their noses up at the location, located across the street from MacArthur park. In fact, I was asked if I wanted fake government documents right in front of this deli. These philistines-- these taste-challenged sad sacks of water and flesh (are they human?) are not to be trusted, and do not take them with you on your pilgrimage to this west coast monument of beef brisket enveloped by bread, as they will just complain about the neighborhood, the interior design, and other things that have nothing at all to do with the food.I've been to Katz Deli in New York. It's somewhat similar (I do have to give the nod to Katz), but the service here is ahead by miles, without the abrupt, heavily muscled, heavily accented New York meat slicer guy with a loud booming voice telling you to speak louder and clearer because he has little time.The service personal is nice-- albeit a bit old skool, if you catch my drift. They look like they are character actors dropped in from a film that Quentin Tarantino might direct, and the interior of the diner matches them as well.In short, Langer's is an experience not to be missed.'Sexy' is not a term I ever recall using to describe an item of food. The idea of doing that has always been a bit silly to me. I think certain cars can be sexy. Perhaps even a beautiful armoire, or a credenza made of mahogany maybe. But food? No way. After all, it's just nourishment.. something we all need to survive. You kill an animal, and you eat it, so you don't die. Well, I was mistaken. When my plate of 'food' arrived, I grew pervert eyes. I looked the sandwich up and down, almost intimidated by its appeal. My...god. 'Would it be rude for me to lift the top bun to take a peak underneath?' I wondered. This was no ordinary sandwich. This was a proud, busty heap of warm, wet, juiciness. If it had a face, it would surely be Marilyn Monroe's face - in all of those come-hither photographs of yesteryear. I ate the shit out of that sandwich, and it felt amazing. After the deed was done, I lay back smoking a cigarette thinking to myself, 'I don't know if I could do that again...at least not anytime soon.' I felt as though I had just done something forbidden, like the devil himself was smiling upon me from below, poking me in the side and saying, "I told ya so." Oh Langer's' #19, you sexy bitch you.Ah Langers... My first and only trip to Langers will be a memorable one for sure. Not simply because of the food but for other reasons I will discuss later.I have been with the LAPD now going on 2 years and have always wanted to try this place. I drive by it on occasion and read about it on yelp while looking for a good sandwich shop in the area. So one day my partner and I were working in the area so I recommended we go to Langers.The deli itself has a retro feel to it and apparently it has been there for over 60 years when the MacArthur park area was a Jewish neighborhood. We were promptly seated in a booth and I just told the waitress to bring me the most popular sandwich in the shop. Of course as everyone here knows... its the #19 Pastrami with Cole Slaw sammich.The #19 is a delectable pastrami sandwich topped with creamy cole slaw on soft rye bread and served with a pickle spear. I opted to add the spicy mustard on it because I just like my pastrami that way.The service was great and friendly and the food was excellent. This was the first reason that made this a memorable meal.After devouring my sandwich and pickle I decided to go up to the counter and pay. The bill was about $32 for me and my partner so I fork over the cash to the cashier and then it happened... While standing at the cashier waiting for my change I notice a large semi truck driving down Vermont and felt the building rumble so I figured the truck was the culprit. However, the truck moves on down Vermont but the building is still shaking and within a few seconds the building is rolling and the lights are swaying back and forth. You guessed it, the July 29th earthquake. The place was filled with locals along with a group of tourists all of whom which look terrified! After the quake was over I look over to the table of tourists, smile and say "Welcome to LA".I will definitely go back to Langers as long as the earth doesn't decide to shake every time I'm there.You haven't had a pastrami sandwich, unless you've had one from Langer's Delicatessen. Moreover, Langer's is one of the few establishments in Los Angeles that really does live up to the hype. There is a reason why the James Beard Foundation awarded the restaurant for being a classic establishment with timeless appeal - after all it was opened in 1947. And of course, anytime a delicatessen is associated with Jewish founders, you know you can't go wrong. Jews to sandwiches are like Japanese to sushi, El Salvadorians to pupusas, Indians to slurpees, etc.Langers is located by MacArthur Park at an intersection aptly named after them, Langer's Square. Specifically, the restaurant is on the southeast corner of South Alvarado Street and West 7th Street, in an area of Los Angeles that feels more like Central America than America. In fact, many people associate this area as being a depressed part of town. However, it's not as bad as it used to be in the 1990s during the heyday of gangster rap and drive-by shootings. Actually, I remember being underage and getting by first fake ID around the corner... ah the olden days before Photoshop. Now there is a lot of traffic (both vehicular and pedestrian) in the area, and many people that want to try Langer's always use traffic and "but there isn't any parking" as excuses to not visit. However, there is actually a parking lot located one block east at the northeast corner of West 7th Street and South Westlake Avenue where you can park for free with a one-hour validation. And if you happen to live in the area, the Metro Red Line has a stop (Westlake / MacArthur Park Station) immediately north of the restaurant. Langer's also has something called curb-side service where you call ahead and they bring out your order to your car. However, I've never tried it because I think taking Langer's sandwiches to go is an injustice to the entire Langer's experience because you can only truly appreciate their sandwiches by dining in.From the moment you walk in you feel like you're in the diner scene from Pulp Fiction. You've got old leather booths, counter seating with stools, rustic wood furniture and waitresses that look like they've worked at Langer's since the 1960s. And the patrons consist of a diverse melting pot of people that consists of businessmen in suits to casual Laker fans in Kobe jerseys.As for the sandwiches, their most popular sandwich and one of my favorites is the #19. Langer's refers to it as the legendary #19 and I must say that it lives up to its legendary moniker. The #19 consists of cured hot pastrami sliced in thick tender slices topped off with cole slaw, Swiss cheese, and Russian dressing that is perfectly held together with two slices of amazing rye bread that is double-baked. It's remarkable that despite the coleslaw and Russian dressing, the rye bread with its crispy edges and soft center somehow keeps the whole thing together. However, every time I eat the #19, it gets all over the place - especially all over my face - because it's jam-packed. Also, their Russian dressing is amazing and I always ask for an extra side of it. But here's some advice when ordering your #19. When ordering your pastrami sandwich, ask for it to be hand-cut (it just tastes better) and when asking for extra Russian dressing, simply ask for a side of "Russian" or else you will sound like a noob. Also, if you don't want to get too messy, ask for the coleslaw on the side. Another favorite of mine is the #44, which is pastrami, sauerkraut, and nippy (sharp) American cheese on rye. My suggestion is that if you go for the #44 order a side of cool cole slaw to help you gulp it down. The only grievance that I have with Langer's is the price. A standard pastrami sandwich will run you about $15 and a soda costs $2.95. Therefore, it's not a cheap experience. However, simply judging the food, Langer's has the best pastrami sandwiches. I guess if their sandwiches were $5 per foot or shaped like a torpedo, then they wouldn't deserve to be called legendary.After seeing this place featured on the Food Network and curious to see the west coast version of a pastrami specialist, we decided to give this landmark a try. I was just "meh" when I had the pastrami at Katz in NY, so I  wasn't sure if I even really liked pastrami. However, Langer's wowed me with their famous #19. I LOVE coleslaw and theirs was perfect with the pastrami. I was only able to finish half but I wanted to keep eating it. The bread was a little harder than I liked but I was definitely focused on the taste and texture of the sandwich's contents. Pastrami was juicy and very flavorful.Yum, yum, and YUM!We came on a Saturday afternoon on an extremely hot day and parking really sucked. The pastrami was the saving grace. The pastrami here really is as amazing as they say. I've wanted to try this place for so long! French dips from The Hat just won't do it for me anymore :(Good things:- #19: The meat was warm,  juicy, smokey, and practically falling out of my sandwich. The rye wasn't too sour, the bread was soft, and the crust had a nice bite to it. There was a good ratio of meat to coleslaw. So worth the $15!- Servers and employees: We were waiting for one other friend to arrive so we couldn't be seated, but the hostess was really kind and helpful. She told us to have our friend go to the Langer's parking lot and wait for a spot even if the "lot is full" sign was up, as people came in and out of there pretty quickly.- Free validation for parking inside the Langer's lot with a $5 purchase. This is a great deal because you will otherwise have to circle block after block looking for a spot (or sneakily park in a private lot like we did haha)Not so good things:- The hours are kind of lame (closed Sundays), but it's a deli so it makes sense. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in LA. There definitely are not enough pastrami places in the Bay! I also would try the curbside service next time.YUMMMMAAAYYY!~came here for the first time today... took the counter seat...as i watch the guy behind the counter cut the pastrami, i wish i can ask him to throw me a few pieces so i can eat the freshly cut pastrami slices.i ordered #44: pastrami (thick cut), sauerkraut, melted cheese on grilled rye bread.  SO good.  The pastrami is cooked perfectly, in my opinion. I think i can just eat a plate of their pastrami alone; it was tender/ juicy.Freakin awesome pastrami sandwich! Need I say more? Everyone raves about the #19 and #19 is what we got. Fresh Rye bread stuffed with thick cuts of pastrami, coleslaw, swiss cheese, and some of that russian dressing. The bread had a nice crunchy crust but the inside was soft, easy on the rooftop of your mouth. Pastrami was moist, flavorful but not overpowering flavors of seasoning, so juicy, it was delicious. Coleslaw was perfect, not too much of mayo...or whatever you put in coleslaw. It didn't just make the bread soggy. The russian dressing was good...very light..so light that I need to pay attention to it more next time. All together, it was a great bite of greatness! I only had half of the sandwich and I was still yearning for more! Great great sandwich. The decor definitely had an old school feel. Took me back in time. It was nice to be put in that setting. As we drove by it was a long line but as we kept driving by (since we couldn't find parking but there is a lot that says langers parking, free 1hr validation)...the line seemed to zoom by. It was a short wait time.-Give it a try! (The hat not even oinkster could compare to this pastrami sandwich)P.S: Real pricey for a sandwich but its worth it.The #19 wasn't good. It was great! The combination of pastrami meat with swiss, slaw, and Russian dressing is so yummy. I'm not really a fan of the rye bread and recommend trying a different bread if you are like me.Free parking for an hour and 1/2 is a block away with validation. I almost lost my ticket, but went back to the register and they found it there. We had nice service from our waiter, however, the hostess wasn't. Who cares? We came to eat.I hate the hours for Langer's and really wish not only did they serve dinner, but also that they were open late. I'd become a regular if it fit my schedule.Though this deli is more expensive than most, it is far more superior than any deli i have ever been to. I got the #19 with pastrami, swiss, and sauerkraut on rye. The pastrami is divine, incredibly tender and a perfect balance between lean meat and fat. It pairs beautifully with the tangy sauerkraut and the crunchy rye. I also had the corned beef hash and some hotcakes, both of which were also great. If you are a fan of pastrami and typical deli fare, come here and experience the best you can get.I'm not a big sandwich person at all and this place was simply amazing. Ordered their signature #19 and have been craving it ever since. The rye bread is perfectly toasted. I hate when bread is toasted so much that it rips the roof of your mouth up. The pastrami is extremely flavorful and is complimented perfectly with the slaw. The bread is crispy on the outside and soft but firm on the inside. I hate bread that's too hard and crispy because it tears up the roof of my mouth.NUMBER 19~~~!!!! (pastrami, cole slaw, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing on rye).This is by far the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. I heard the brisket dip and corned beef sandwich was really good too. But damn Gina~!! This pastrami sandwich was off the hizzo. I must go back. If you want the hours and prices of this place...read everyone else's reviews. Just know that #19 is frackin' good and I emphasized it~!!In order to fully describe my Langer's experience I'm going to have to do one of those annoyingly long, drawn-out Yelp reviews that describes every detail of how I ended up at Langer's one Thursday afternoon for (one of) the best sandwiches of my life.Due to multiple references of friend Junyi X. to Langer's as being "orgasmic" (her words, not mine!), we decided during our one hour lunch break to swing over to Langer's for some #19's despite a ~20 min commute each way. After battling wrong turns and a very treacherous car ride, we finally ended up on the right side of the street outside Langer's (lots of one way streets in the area) and were promptly brought our sandwiches to the car. The next 15 minutes are a blur.In a daze of sandwich high, I inhaled that #19 so quickly I don't really remember every bite but I vaguely remember saying the following phrases repeatedly:"It's so good!!""What's that sweet taste??""Is this rye??? What is that taste??""Where did this meat come from???""Why is this so gooooood?????"I will admit that Langer's pastrami sandwich is not the fanciest or most creative of sandwiches, but hot damn... it's GOOD. The caraway seeds in the rye are soo good and the pickle... I don't know where that pickle came from but it is freaking good too!!Yes yes, I know the sandwich is $15 but it will by far by the best pastrami sandwich you've ever had, if not the best sandwich period. I can tell you that I have not finished a whole sandwich for quite awhile now and if I hadn't promised to save my friend a bite, I very much could have in record time. Definitely do yourself a favor and give Langer's a try - don't even try to chew with your mouth closed.Took my buddy Kevin K. because I lost a wager to him.  Stupid Cowboys!  Everything Texas is starting to grind my gears.Ordered the #54 with Pastrami and Brisket and split an order of chili cheese fries.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with the chili cheese fries, more often than not most place get this particular item wrong than right.  The sandwich as it usually is was right on point.  Everything from the rye to the pastrami to the rye and to the brisket was moist, juicy, flavorful and right.  The size of the sandwich was also just right, nice and big.  Maybe it was Kevin insistence that his sandwich was a little small last time.  Nevertheless every time I'm here from now on I will remark that my sandwich last time was a little in hopes one day I get a 5 lb. monster.  haha.I think I am going to try the pastrami and chopped liver next time as it sounded particularly good as well.  I am a Katz proponent but Langers is slowly starting to swing me in their direction.The #19 is the BEST FUCKING SANDWICH ON EARTH.  Hitler hated Jews because they made him envious of their medieval meat mastery.  PERFECTION.SHUT UP AND EAT!Go Jose, it's your birth-day/Open wide, I know you hun-gray/Say, "Aah"  (Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah)Say, "Aah"  (Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah)The truth?  It wasn't my birthday today.Another truth?  I was hungry and I opened wide, I did.AAH...I sure ain't lying when I felt like Adam "Man V Food" Richman when he says, "Happy birthday to ME!"  It's a seemingly regular-sized sammich, but it was filling.  Believe me, "Man" won at lunch today.  Plus, I had all the five food groups including the tasty fats, oils and sweets (Old Food Pyramid style!) packed into one neat package that is the...(drumroll or Treysongz beat please)Langer's #19 Pastrami Sammich with Rye bread (oh so freakin' delicious - tied for the spotlight with the pastrami), Swiss cheese (gotta have some calcium!),Coleslaw (diced sweet and crunchy), and Russian style dressing (binding it all like a JT & Timbaland collab)It was salty yet sweet, soft yet crunchy, simple yet decadent glorified cafeteria food.  When I was finished, I noticed how unbelievably clean that finish was.  With so many ingredients, I thought there would be an aftertaste, but not even the Russian dressing nor the coleslaw licked my tongue back.  To borrow a phrase from In-N-Out, that's quality I can taste!  Speaking of which, they offer tongue as one of the meats in some of their sandwiches like the behemoth #28 Fresser's Special, which is something up Man V Food's avenue.  ...and something I hope to one day sack like the Jets defense on Tom Brady.Katz's Deli is near 1st Avenue in the Lower East Side of NYC and Adam visited Katz's in one of his shows.  I ate there a few times when I lived out East over a year ago.  I was sad that there'd be nothing quite like Katz's in Cali.  Fortunately, Langer's is the best West Coast Pastrami I've had thus far.  Maybe ever - this side of the Mississippi.  Why?  Katz's Pastrami is hands down the best pastrami I've ever had in my life.  The cut, the taste, and the fall-apart-incredibleness of Langer's pastrami is strikingly similar to that of Katz's.  For a more accurate assessment, I'd have to get the pastrami on rye with a little mustard at Langer's next time to mimic Katz's version.  For now, I believe that'll do pig.  That'll do.Would Meg Ryan have had a joygasmic experience at Langer's Deli?  Yes; if "When Harry Met Sally" was filmed in Los Angeles instead of New York.  And that's the honest-to-incredibleness truth.  Say, "Aah."_______________PHENOMENAL SERVICE:They have top notch service!!!  All the people working there, from the host to our server, to Greg the guy with a tie, had enthusiastic dispositions and genuine care for every person who came through Langer's doors.A SLIVER OF SIDES:Pickles:  It came with the sandwich and had a crunchy vinegar-like bite.French Fries:  Average.  Crinkle cut.  Crispy outside but soft and hot inside like a suntanned Megan Fox.Chicken Noodle Soup:  Like Lipton, but with longer noodles and with more substance since it tasted homemade.  It made my heart feel warm, but not tingly.PARKING TIP:You can find Langer's parking on the Northeast corner of 7th and Westlake (1923 W 7th is the address on the ticket for you GPS whores like me).What else could I possible say about Langer's that hasn't been said one hundred and thirty eight times before?  This is the greatest pastrami sandwich I've ever eaten.  Period.  I ordered the #10 (basically the 19 but with provolone instead of Swiss).  The Rye bread was perfect (toasty around the edges,  soft in the middle).  On the recommendation of my fellow Yelp road trippers, I ordered my pastrami extra-lean.  It's a couple bucks for this option, but if you're going to pay 13-14 bucks for a sandwich, no sense letting a couple more dollars stand in the way of pastrami perfection.  As Mike D will certainly point out, they have a great cream soda that compliments the sando perfectly.Langer's is probably the most famous Deli in all of So Cal.  Al Langer, the founder, was originally from the East Coast...I believe Jersey.  He grew up working in various Jewish deli's and learned the art of carving pastrami (wow...I didn't know it was a art to it )  The Pastrami is thicker cut than what you see at most delis but my husband said it's probably the best pastrami he has had including the ones in NY and NJ.  He said mainly because it was not a greasy.I don't eat meat so I ordered my very first bowl of Matzo Ball soup (yes I know the broth is chicken based but that's ok).  I have always stared at the jars of Matzo in the store and thought man that stuff looks disgusting but I always try new things and when I noticed they had it on the menu I had to order it.  How was it?  Actually very good and I had my husband try it to see what he thought because I am not exactly an expert on Matzo Ball soup...he said it was very good and surprisingly not as salty as most.  Would I order it again?  Yes!I also had to potato salad.  The potatoes are cut too small for my liking and a bit too much mayo but it was still good and I didn't taste mustard which I don't like in my potato salad.The lines can be long if busy.  Parking is down 7th street about a block away and is free if you get validation.   Better yet take the train and exit at the Westlake/MacArthur Park station...it's only a block away.  If you call ahead they have curb side service for pick upNext review...MacArthur Park...This place was amazing! Their pastrami was the best pastrami I ever had ... & I was never too fond of the meat to begin with. I think what made it even better was their rye bread that they use; it's so soft!!I'm not too gungho about the prices though. 15-20 bucks for a regular size sandwich? That's expensive.Uh oh, folks. I'm slipping!!I've been mouthing off FOR DAYS about how great my experience at Langer's was.And I forgot to write a review! Take my Elite status away! I'm not worthy!Alright, already. Down to the REVIEW:I was hungover. My friends, it's happening all too often. I had been to Langer's before, on a really rushed lunch break, got a really greasy sandwich I didn't want, and was wholly unhappy. But I got the feeling my dissatisfaction had more to do with my JOB than the restaurant. So I thought I'd give it another go before yelping too soon.Back to the hangover. Needed matzo ball soup. STAT. Wandered over to the beautiful cultural cacophony of a neighborhood that surrounds this landmark restaurant.After musing over the menu (no greasy sandwiches today, thank you!), I decided white fish and bagels. And the beef stew. My may-an and I were going to split em.The matzo ball soup (came with the meal) was liquid heaven. I swear. I was overcome. I wanted to personally thank whoever made it. But wait, there's (so much) more!Out came plate after gorgeous plate of food. The white fish was PERFECT. Firm, salty and not at all fishy. It came with an entire garden of veggies, and a huge mound of whipped cream cheese.Out waitress gets an A++. Attentive, funny, no pressure. Like eating at your favorite aunt's house.I can't wait to go back. I'm working on that hangover already...I'm sorry, what's the magic formula that was missing in my sandwich??I had #19 THE PASTRAMI sandwich & the Brisket Dip as well.Both were alright--not the enlightening, now-I-can-close-my-eyes-in-peace sorta moment I was expecting w/ such ecstatic reviews.Yes, the meat was good, but really for $15 (more like $20 w/ a drink) I can go AYCE meat places and eat meat meat meat =PNew York ain't got nuttin' on Langer's pastrami.. :P  #19, which was on The Food Network, on the TV Show, "The Best Thing I Ever Ate", may just be the most perfect pastrami sandwich ever made... what is it about cole slaw and pastrami, that makes such a great couple like peanut butter and chocolate?  Add that to rye bread, and you've got yourself a winning pastrami sandwich. Mmm... I will say no more, and leave my review on that note.Your instructions are to order #19, add me as a friend, and send a compliment to me after your lunch to thank me. :)As we wind down 2008, I'm reflecting on the gastronomic highlights of the year (the many sandwiches, the delectable cupcakes, and the infamous pork belly from Craft), I now realize that 2009 has got to be different, so I will endeavor to reduce the sugar, exercise more, align my chakras and live better. So today when a co-worker asked me if I wanted to go to Langer's, my internal tug of war went a little something like this: Devil: "Langer's? Pastrami? Hell yes!" Angel: "Pastrami? Cured meat laden with fat and salt? Side of fries? Oh no, not a good way to head into 2009. Better pass." Devil: "Punk." Angel: "Well, I can't be anti-social. Maybe I'll go and get a turkey sandwich." Devil: "A turkey sandwich? F that, it's LANGER'S. If you can't ride with the Big Dogs, then stay on the sidewalk." Guess who won? I went with the #19. Tender slices of thick cut Pastrami and coleslaw on rye, and it was oh so good. Despite my being sensitive to salt, I didn't think it was too salty, and the coleslaw camouflaged the saltiness which balanced out the sandwich well. The Rye was slightly toasted, and the entire sandwich wasn't too overwhelming, nevertheless I could only get through 1/2 of it. They have Egg Creams, Cream Soda, and Chocolate Phosphate, and I really wanted that Chocolate Phosphate, but I took a pass. I thought the service was efficient and attentive. The location is in the cut, and had I known I was going to come here today, I wouldn't have dressed like a mark in my yuppified career attire, heels and oversize handbag. In sum, just one won't hurt, and the location is just inconvenient enough to prevent this iconic sandwich from becoming habit forming. However there is a part of me that thinks the #19 is the culinary equivalent to a gateway drug. I still have plenty of 2008 backsliding left to do. Hawkins Burger here I come!#19 Pastrami russian dressing - YUMMY    Order it#9 turkey, tongue, roast beef cold cut sandwich -Yum#6 pastrami and liver - yum, a hint of sweetnessfench fries - yumBlintzes -Yum but not worth the price $13matzo ball soup - yumbeet borscht - Skip it... picked beet tasteparking meter on wilshire and walk one short block overA deli claiming to serve the world's best pastrami and NOT located in NYC? Hmmm.  Call me a skeptic but the pastrami from a Katz's or Carnegie in NYC is a foodie institution.  After having Langer's recommended at least a dozen times a day I gave in.  The verdict?  NYC delis have nothing to worry about.The pastrami is great for sure but remember, Langer's claims to be the "best in the world" (I'm comparing it to only NYC since I'm pretty sure French, Norwegian, or Chinese pastrami doesn't cut it).  The pastrami is thick cut and juicy but texturally, soft and for lack of a better word, mushy.  It also lacks deeply flavored goodness.  Its hard to explain but the best pastrami I've ever had has a deep spice flavor that magically (psychologically) cuts the greasy mouth feel.  The plain hot pastrami and the "famous #19" were both good eats but begged for mustard.Multiple recent visits, consistent results.The place can get busy.  Wait times long.  Take out is definitely not recommended unless you crave a soggy sandwich.The lesson; leave NYC foodie institutions alone.Hey umm...you probably don't know me, and I know we just met but uh...I need to be straight up with you...If you haven't had a Langer's pastrami sandwich, well, you just haven't lived.Seriously, can pastrami get any better than this???  Now hear me out, I'm a huge fan of the unorthodox pastrami sandwich where the pastrami is dripping in it's own juices, sliced "melt in your mouth" thin, and is served on a soft roll (oh boy, I'm drooling as I'm writing this).  But Langer's, you, you my friend, have stolen my heart.  Cooked to perfection, the meat will literally make you curl up in the fetal position.  Yes, it's that good.  Coupled with the slaw and ever so soft rye bread, it can get no better. Which sandwich am I referring to? Why, the infamous No. 19 of course.A quick tip of you guys and gals: the corned beef is equally moist and delicious, although I would highly recommend the pastrami over it due to the nature of pastrami being prepared with extra spices; makes for a better sandwich in my honest opinion.  Also remember to wash it down with Langer's creme soda.So, with that being said, tell me..."have you lived?"I really can't even explain how good this place is.  I don't even eat meat- but somehow..Also, there was a problem with my order today.  Guess who came over to fix it?  Norm Langer!  Yeah. That's right.  Mr. Langer himself.He said.  "Anything you need- you ask Greg- we'll get it."Then they removed my fries from the bill and I used the extra money to tip Tucker, the waiter.Oh sweet sweet Langer's.   The only L.A. thing that is as good and better than a NY thing.  Argue with me.  Or teach me.  In the meantime.  sweet sweet Langer's.Look, I must admit that I had very high expectations for this place. My friends were all raving about how good it is, etc, etc. So I decided to try it out one weekend. The place was packed resulting in being in line for 10 minutes. No complaints as I expected there to be one. As we got seated and ordered, I looked around at all the happy and hungry customers eating the sandwiches. So I couldn't wait to eat mine. As I was eating, I felt I was duped. The sandwiches and sides were decent, nothing spectacular. Just overpriced deli food, imo. I compare them to Jerry's 'In"Famous Deli.Overall: D+Dear Langer's,OH-MY-GAWD!! Why haven't I met you sooner? Your special #19 (Pastrami, Rye bread, coleslaw, swiss, Russian dressing) is one of the most sinful sandwiches I've ever had. She was so beautiful, I had to admire her before I went to devour her. After each bite, the mixture of your thick cut Pastrami, bread, slaw, light funk from the cheese, and the sweet kiss of the Russian dressing almost always makes me tear. When I'm done finishing her off, my tummy may be full and happy, but my mouth yearns for another. Maybe it is a good thing I didn't meet you sooner. I'd probably weight a ton by now. Even for about ~$13 for your sandwich, I'd never abandon you. Please don't ever leave me. Love - Wes** Update - 2/12/08 P.S. Thank you Ms. Caroline Y.for giving me the right number (19, not 18), because a lady hates it when you have the wrong number or get their name wrong. :xI started by writing a freakin' book's worth of stuff, and have edited this way down........ I just get so worked up over deli !Last Tuesday I took one of my best buds', who is also a client, along with me to L.A. for business and "lunch." We ended up at Langer's around 1230p. After watching that "Best thing I ever ate" on Food Network, I saw the segment on Langer's #19. We ordered the #54 Pastrami and Corned Beef combo, but ultimately with the same fixin's as the #19. (see my photo) We also ordered a side of the potato salad, and finished up with a slice of the chocolate cake and a slice of the NY Cheesecake. With drinks, the bill came to $55. ($25 per person is, for us, a fair deli lunch bill.)What did we think? Unlike most thin-cut meat sandwiches, this pastrami was cut thicker home-style. But that was good. It was exceptionally moist, with enough fat to carry the pickled meat flavor from sandwich to tongue. And if you don't think bread makes a difference...... think again. Their rye makes their sandwich. Was it piled super high? No.... and thank goodness for that, because the bread was baked and cut in an elongated shape, and there was more surface area to evenly spread the meat and slaw. Overall thickness, before hand compression, was maybe 3 inches. That's very important to me, because then, you can get all the ingredients in each and every bite. Bottom line, you won't be disappointed with the #19 regular, or the "hyped up #54 version."The potato salad was "different", but OK. It's a fine-diced potato base. It wasn't overly "mayo-creamy", which for me, detracts from the taste. We kept looking at each other, as we worked our way to finishing it off, asking, "What did they put into this, and exactly how they prepared it? What about the desserts? Here's the glitch..... I bake cheesecake, and as a plain cheesecake, theirs gets a "C-." And for a deli cheesecake, it was also an incredibly small slice/serving? The chocolate cake? Same low grade, but bigger serving. However, it was nothing special. I'm pretty certain they buy in the cakes. I'm hopeing to get ahold of Norm Langer and share our opinion. I'm sure Langer's might agree that If you're gonna' serve only one chocolate cake, make it a "Death by Chocolate" or something equally memorable. And if you're a deli, you just gotta serve a healthy slice of a NY lemon cheesecake, maybe with a nice sourcream top. Dessert is the last thing we eat...... and many times the first thing we talk about! It's gotta' be great, and for Langer's, it should be equal to their memorable pastrami.THE BLURB: Finally! I have reached the holy grail! Or so I thought when I finally visited Langer's for the first time - and most likely the last.THE SETTING: I got there at 3:30pm on a Saturday, 30 minutes before they close - and it was PACKED! Had to wait for 5~10 minutes, but it wasn't that bad. Something that surprised me was how clean and organized the place seemed, although there was some funky cleaning agent smell that I kept breathing in - ughck.SERVICE: The lady sat us down quickly, and you could tell she wanted to serve us quickly, take our order quickly, and get us the heck out quickly.THE HIT LIST: My lovely company, aka my mother, and I split the #19 Pastrami (aka the reason I went to Langer's) and the #88 Reuben with Corned Beef.#19: The combination of the bread and the slaw was near heavenly. There was a subtle sweetness about the bread that seemed to accentuate the flavors and greatness in the slaw - then comes the pastrami. Ohh, how fatty you were, but how even more jammed-packed with taste you were. The textures worked well together, although the overall substance was a bit overwhelming.#88: Dare I say this? I liked the Reuben better than the #19. Yes.. zOMG! Andrew! What are you thinking?! Yes.. the grilled rye on the Reuben trounces the #19 rye. The mound of corned beef that laid foundation for the mountain of sauerkraut in #88 proved to be more appetizing and lovely than the #19. The textures, the juiciness, the flavor, EVERYTHING about the #88 seemed better than the #19. Yes, #19 had it's sweetness and variety of textures and flavors, but both my company and I agreed - #88 stood the victor.THE DAMAGE: 2 sandwiches, a coke, tax and tip = $40.00 (aka - the reason it will be my last time at Langer's)THE VERDICT: Sure - this place is great. A bit over-hyped, but the sandwiches were huge. But I highly doubt I will be back. It's very pricey for my taste and being in the part of town that it is makes for good reason to lessen my chances of returning to Langer's. Okay okay, please don't stone me - but strangely enough, I think I might still like pastrami from the likes of The Hat or Lucky Boy over thick sliced pastrami - it's just something I'm raised on. Yes yes - what am I thinking?! I know.. but hey, it's my opinion and you have yours.Also, Langer's is farther than I'd like to drive - I have Pasadena Sandwich Company closer to home that serves sandwiches about the same size, 80% of the quality, and is half the price. Yes, again, please don't stone me for my opinions. Overall, it was a fun experience. I came, I saw, I ate, and I cried. Cried because it was so tasty. Cried because it was $40 for two sandwiches.BONUS: There's a Mexican lady 1/2 a block down from Langer's selling Dirty Dogs. Somehow, my company and I mustered the stomach space to chow down a bacon wrapped dog with grilled onions, green peppers, and a chili pepper. YUM!Does Langer's live up to the hype? Meh...it's just OK.I pulled up to a bar stool and sat at the counter. I was so eager to have some yummy pastrami! It would have been oh so cliche for me to order the #19, so I opted for the #44: Hot Pastrami, Sauerkraut and Nippy Cheese Grilled on Rye. I refrained from ordering the #19 because I prefer having my slaw on the side, rather than on the sammie. I've had some bad slaw in the past and I did not want my pastrami sandwich mingled with slaw. I also ordered a cream soda and small order of fries.#44 Hot Pastrami Sandwich: 2.75/5Normally, memory conjures the thought of a pastrami sandwiches stacked tall. Langer's sammies are not stacked tall, but they are wider. I was far from elated when I bit into this sammie. First, the pastrami lacked a distinct pastrami flavor. It tasted more like corned beef...but bland! Second, there was slightly more sauerkraut than pastrami! Third, the pastrami was not as lean as I prefer. I did love the gently toasted rye bread which provided a great contrast in texture. Furthermore, their sauerkraut was ideal. Eating this sammie almost became chore. I think I was a bit disappointed because it tasted so much like a corned beef sandwich. Don't misunderstand me, I love me some corned beef, but when I want pastrami, it better taste like pastrami!Fries: 3.5/5YAY!!! Crinkle cut fries! Makes me think of Ore-Ida Frozen French Fries from my childhood! The serving was inconsistent: Some fries more deep fried than others. They were nice and warm!My intention was to go to Nate & Al's in Beverly Hills later in the day, but it didn't pan out that way. Nate & Al's pastrami is better. But comparing similar deli sammies, I'd have to say that the Black Pastrami Reuben at Brent's Deli is much better.This may have been the best pastrami sandwich I have ever consumed in my life!My buddy Dave G wrote an updated review on this spot a few days ago. His descriptions and review set off a red flag in my head.  I need to try this place soon!   Ive always wanted to come here and try it out, so those 2 things combined, I knew I was going to get a sandwich!We parked out on the street and then walked up and waited in line.  5 minutes later we sat down.  My buddy was full so he didn't get anything, and I was super stuffed too but had to try it out.  Placed my order for a pastrami on rye and a Coke.  A few minutes later my sandwich came out.Its a basic looking sandwich.  Meat and bread served along with some pickles.  I really enjoyed the double crust rye bread.  It was soft in the middle and crunchy and delicious on the crust.  The pastrami was the king of the show!  It was hand sliced, thick, tasty, fatty, flat out delicious!   I was super stuffed from eating pizza just an hour before, but I finished this sandwich no problem!   Yes...it was that good!  For a sandwich and 2 drinks it was about $18 bucks.  Well worth it!  I'm really glad I finally got to try this place out, and look forward to coming back someday in the future.WOW. Just thinking about my meal earlier is making me drooool. My boyfriend and I arrived at 12:45pm and were greeted and sat immediately. And after reading the reviews on here we decided on getting the infamous #19, #88, and a large fries. OMG, yelpers...I can't thank you enough! The corned beef on rye was heaven! The sauerkraut was perfection. And the crunch of the bread as you bit into it was so so wonderful. After finishing my half of the #88, I was a little unsure if the #19 could be even better. Um...yeah!!! Mmm that pastrami was some of the best I've ever had. And the coleslaw was a great compliment...not too heavy on the mayo and had a great bite to it. If I had to choose between the #88 and #19...I wouldn't. Go here with a friend and split both! Ahhh sooo good, especially with a spread of hot mustard and a kosher pickle on the side. Service here was spot on too. Our waitress, Joan, seemed to genuinely enjoy her job and it made for a great dining experience for us. "First time here? You guys made a good choice!", she told us as we ordered. After our meal was finished, it was our turn to tell her "We loved it! And we'll definitely be back". *Note: Park in the lot on 7th & Westlake.  1st hour of parking is free with validation!$15 for a Pastrami sandwich? Fuck off Langer'sover priced, over hyped, over crowded.go to albertsons and buy your own ingredients for a fraction of the priceWow didn't know Pastrami could taste this good. Been on my hit list of the Best Thing I Ever Ate from the Food Network. Today was the number 19 pastrami sandwich with cole slaw, rye bread, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing. I also ordered a side of the crinkle fries. Those came out hot and fresh. The food we ordered came out so quick. Langer's has provided me with the best Pastrami sandwich I have ever eaten. The meat was juicy and tender. The taste never got boring like other pastrami sandwiches I've had at other spots. This is a must try spot if you like pastrami.Recommendation: #19 Pastrami Sandwich and Crinkle fries.I love Pastrami.  There is no place that does pastrami better than Langers.  Their trademark sandwich, the number 19, features their pastrami with coleslaw on rye.  It sounds simple, but here are a few reasons why it's perfect:1.  It's huge.2.  The rye is the best you'll find anywhere.  It's twice baked, which gives the bread a crunchy crust and makes the bread soft and moist.3.  The pastrami is juicy and flavorful, and it's unbelievably tender.4.  The coleslaw is perfect - it isn't overly creamy and the cabbage flavor does not overwhelm the taste of the pastrami or rye.  It is the perfect wingman for the pastrami.The drawbacks to this place are the price - $14.50 for the sandwich, the location, and the lack of parking of DTLA.  I would love to come back here and it was undoubtedly the best pastrami sandwich I've had in my life.  If you come here and see for yourself, you'll see why this place is iconic.The New Yorker piece is true - it's the best sandwich in the world. It's not over-filled like Katz's, Carnegie or Stage (I know it's sacrilegious to say) and frankly, it tastes better too.Their Pastrami is so tender, so rich with flavor and so perfectly portioned that it has had me talking about it everyday since eating it last Tuesday. I don't even like coleslaw but do yourself a favor and have the #19. The bread is extremely fresh, tender and crispy on the edges and that slaw provides the perfect counterpoint to the tender, smokey meat.The place is straight old-school and the decor is saturated in brown. The waitrons are also old-school (uniform is black pants, white shirt and bowtie) and as friendly as can be.Best sandwich ever.Life is full of choices.  Pastrami or corned beef?  FC Barcelona or Real Madrid?  Kobe or The Blake?  Duke or UNC?  The French Laundry or Gary Danko?  Stay in the corner in silence or be proud to have an opposing opinion?  Langer's or Brent's?I have heard about the #19 and its tasty pastrami with russian dressing, cole slaw and cheese on rye.  Is it a good sandwich and worth $15?  It's a very good sandwich.  The pastrami is tasty and its accompaniments do complete the sandwich.  But is it the best pastrami sandwich ever?  That depends on what's important to you.For me, the ultimate pastrami is all about the meat.  Judging on meat alone, Langer's does not compare to Brent's in Northridge or Katz in NY.  But Langer's has better bread than both places and the components of the #19 do work well together.  I do prefer corned beef over pastrami and also had the #88.  Incredible toasted rye bread with some of the best sauerkraut I've ever had.  It was delicious!  That said, I still prefer the corned beef at Katz where I can still recall to this day how the meat melted like butter in my mouth.  Was it possible to have meat taste like butter?  When I was at Katz two years ago, it was that good.  While I thoroughly enjoyed Langer's and wouldn't hesitate to use their curbside service if I was passing through, I can't honestly say that if forced to choose, I'd choose Langer's as the best of the best.  But for those that prefer Langer's pastrami or corned beef, I hear ya.  I tasted it and it was all that.  It just wasn't the best I ever had.  Additionally, I hated the chopped liver.  It was terrible.  The chopped liver at Brent's in comparison was amazing and I can't wait to have it again on Sunday.Like I said, life is full of choices.  At least as of this moment, I choose corned beef over pastrami, FC Barcelona over Real Madrid, Kobe over The Blake, Gary Danko over the French Laundry, Duke over UNC, being opinionated over being silent, and Brent's in Northridge over Langer's for best deli in SoCal.Life is also about experiences so if you haven't tried Langer's, then by all means go over there and have the famous #19 pastrami sandwich or the #88 corned beef sandwich.  You have to try it to render an opinion.  Langer's is good but not worth a 5 stars in my book....at least not this time.  Who knows?  Maybe a year from now, I'll change my mind.  It could happen although highly unlikely.Thank you, Langer's for a good pastrami sandwich and an even better corned beef sandwich!I've been reformed, rehabilitated, converted, and saved.  By pastrami.I can't believe I had never been here before. Just always found my self going somewhere else. Should have come here a long time ago. The sandwich's here all look great. It was hard to decide which one to get. Before I get into all that,lets first address the parking thing. Langer's does have it's own parking lot. It's a block away on 7th and Westlake. Just take your ticket to the counter when you pay your bill and they will validate.               Ended up getting the pastrami on rye. The meat is so tender,I'll bet you could cut it with a fork. The sandwich was perfect. The vibe is cool, and the service is good. Didn't check the restroom for cleanliness, but I'm sure a place like this would try and keep it tidy. I'll have to go back here soon as I hear their matzah ball soup is really good. Keep up the great work Langer's, and here's to another 60 years. Cheers!My friend told me she was taking me to go get a Pastrami sandwich.Now I don't live in LA. I live in NY. We do some Pastrami. In fact, we invented the Pastrami sandwich (Debate: 1887 Sussman Volk or 1888 Katz's deli).Being as such, I was somewhat skeptical of coming 3,000 miles to get a pastrami sandwich. Let me tell you though - Langer's you are F-ing legit. The real deal. The bee's knees. In fact, thinking about your sandwich is making my mouth water. This is perhaps the best thing I ate in LA and I ate a lot of really good things. To give you some perspective on the gratuitous eating I did, I gained 5 lbs. over the course of 4 days.What makes the pastrami sandwich so good was:A. The crusty rye bread. The crust had a crunch to it that gave the sandwich a nice texture. The bread was solid and could withstand the sauce, fixings, and pastrami's attempts at breaking it apart.B. Pastrami = good cuts with just the right amount of little bits of fat that explode like flavor bombs in your mouth.I split the sandwich with a friend as we had Korean BBQ to go to afterwards. Reluctantly, we ate only a quarter each. We took the other half to-go and it took an ungodly amount of will power not to finish the sandwich during the short drive to the next location. I swear it was whispering to me from the to-go box.We were there Saturday around 11-ish prior to the rush so service was friendly and quick. No gripes about that.After eating the sandwich I promised myself that I would have to go Katz's to do a comparison (look for that soon). It's been a while since I've been to Katz's and my memory of their pastrami was only about how solid a meal it was and how huge their sandwich was. Langer's really brought the heat and as a New Yorker, Katz you need to defend our honor!In any case, better than Katz worse than Katz - hat's off Langer's that was one hell of a delicious Pastrami sandwich.Pretty damn good pastrami.  The sandwiches are flavorful, have a slight kick and are just...GOOD.I never knew sandwiches were that pricey ($15!) only because I've only had them at work (never paid for 'em)  but there is a lot of meat...  Pretty sure I'd pay this for their pastrami every once in awhile.  Anyway, try it.  This place is known for good pastrami sandwiches for a reason!I made the mistake of going here for the first time and not trying the pastrami. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?!?!?! Nevertheless, the hubs ordered the pastrami with corned beef sandwich and it was finger licking great!!!!! Definitely recommend it.I, on the other hand, felt like having the roast beef sandwich. You probably couldn't get a plainer tasting sandwich anywhere else. It was palatable but not enjoyable. AND If I hadn't been starving when we got there, I know I wouldn't have eaten it. On the other hand, I will be back, and not for the roast beef sammie.NOTE TO SELF: EAT THE PASTRAMI!!!!I rarely order pastrami, and almost never order a sandwich on rye. However, #19 has a special place in this roast beef/salami/honey roasted turkey on sourdough lovin' gal's heart and stomach. Complete with an egg cream, this meal comes close to perfection. Mmmmm! Additionally, I tried the cheese blintzes, thanks to stephy s's enticing photo. Yum! They were very rich, and great for sharing. Also sampled the corned beef hash. It was pretty good but a bit drier than I would have expected. Still delish, though! Another fabulous Langer's memory is Evangeline, a very cheery waitress! I just felt happier just for having met her. There's a parking lot across the street and up a block, free w/ validation. Overall, a great experience here! It's not a fancy place by any means, but it feels homey and the food is comforting. 5 stars.I can't believe I still haven't written my Langer's review yet. Well, there's not much I can say, but #19 is the way to go!Tender flavorful thick slices of patrami, swiss cheese, the perfect amount of coleslaw, Russian style dressing on Rye bread. Mmmmmm... it's like a whole 20 minutes of dead silence at the table when eating this sandwich. It's sad once it's all over.$14.45 for the #19 sandwich, but totally worth it! Plus, it comes with 2 pickles that I love as well... very fresh, juicy and not overly salty.I love their curb-side pick-up service. You just phone in your order, show up 15 minutes or so later, stop your car right in front of the restaurant, they come out right away with your food and credit card machine. It's awesome!I always want to try something else on their menu, but it's just so difficult resisting the #19 every time I go. I wish they opened later so I could drive here every time I craved it for dinner or a late-night snack. That would be so perfect.Best pastrami in town by far! On par with the best of New York. Could stand up to Katz's any day. Thick sliced, hand carved pastrami.  Very juicy, very flavorful.  Excellent quality meat.  I'm a pastrami purist and like it on rye with mustard and nothing else.  If you're into Reubens, dips, or slathering it with cole slaw those are also options and my friends and family report that it's fantastic that way.In kind if a crummy neighborhood, but they're only opened in daylight hours anyway, so it's not too bad. There's a parking lot down the street that's free for Langers customers and it has security cameras and parking attendants on site..Definite Diamond in the Rough. Langer's clearly is a wonderful peak into the past and I swear most of the current waitresses attended the grand opening in 1947.  Truly a diamond deli found in LA.The Good?  I really enjoyed my half sandwich and Soup.  It was Friday, so clam chowder was the offering of the day.  Decent.  I ordered the Roast Beef half sandwich and it was plentiful and came with two pickles (nothing else).  Those were some tasty pickles and I am sure every other deli has pickle envy for sure.The Bad?  Langer's is in a Rough neighborhood.  If that makes you antsy, I would suggest not stopping by.  Also, my lunch ended up being $20 bucks with a beer.  Based on the area and overall quality, I thought this was a bit on the expensive side.  However, decent delis tend to be on the high side anyway.The Odd?  What is up with the hand sanitation dispensers found throughout the restaurant?   I found the split booths and the movable dividers intriguing.  Very utilitarian indeed.The Tip? After driving around the area a few times to find street parking (which is a big time hassle because of the no left turn signs), I saw in the window that they will validate parking in a lot up the street.From their website: Langer's maintains its own, monitored parking lot at the northeast corner of 7th Street and Westlake, one block east of our restaurant location. Parking is validated for one hour; please get the ticket from the attendant and have it stamped by the cashier when you leave.For me, it was fun to go one time :)Langer's is located adjacent to MacArthur Park. One of the most densely populated areas in the city. The park attracts some pretty shady characters. You can get tamales, calling cards for Mexico, a variance of illegal prescription drugs, and a drivers license with any name on it you want. There is 1hr validated parking a block away or you can take the red line to the MacArthur Park station.They are known for their fresh baked rye bread. But  rye is just not for me, so I stick with sourdough. Their pastrami is cured, smoked then steamed. They are precise with their cuts here, thin and uniform slices, which results in a very moist, melt in your mouth experience. Their meat had less fat and as a result  have a distinct and savory flavor.Langer's is primarily waiter/waitress service. So no feelings of being rushed here. Just sit down, relax and read over the menu of potato cakes, matzo ball soup and their famous pastrami, while you enjoy your cup of joe.A "MUST-VISIT" Place..!!!WOW. wow. WOW. wow~I can't say enough "WOWs" for Langer's World Famous and World's THE BEST Pastrami sandwich! "Don't judge a book by its cover" totally applies to Langer's ghetto like location (7th & Alvarado). What's inside counts not the flashy and fancy outer apperances (If I say this to graphic designers, then they would think of me as an ingorant who doesn't know anything about the what drives people to buy things. The "presentation" part plays a major role in today's marketing. I know.) BUT Langer's totally flips this reality upside down. It may be pricy for some people to spend $13+ for a sandwich, however, nobody would regret on spending more than $13 for a sandwich. Not just a typical, regular sandwich but well worth World's "The" Best Pastrami sandwich. The layers or pastramis are thinker than other places. It feels like layers of prime meat jam-packed in your sandwich. Please try #19 with cole slaw if you're visiting for the first time and don't know which one to order. Langers also make the BEST "pickled cucumbers." The tangy and peppry taste of pickled cucumbers will be very complimentary to the meaty and unami flavors of the pastrami. I want Langer's pastrami sandwich for my lunch everyday! Subway's $5 deal is the best choice for me these days considering the finantial hardship that is affecting everyone. Visit to Langer's once a month will be more special and thankful. If you have something good too much and too many times, then you wouldn't be appreciative. See you next month! Time will fly by very quickly~Hand-sliced pastrami on fresh rye bread - by far the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  It was totally worth blowing my semi pesci-vegetarian diet.  :P*drool*Rumor is that this place is comparable to the famed Katz in NY.  That I'll have to see for myself. ;)FINALLY!!!!! i don't even usually like pastrami, i just think that it's overall a fatty messy sandwich, with mustard on them all over... but, i have to come here, and of course, now i am in love with pastrami!!!!#9 - pastrami and cold slaw on Rye, such a good balance.. i didn't even want to put it down after the first bite (and i didn't); the other thing that was surprisingly awesome was the corned beef hash with eggs - SO greasy but so good! these two are actually a good combo for two people to share.. you might get tired after eating either one of this on your own... definitely recommend for the first timers to share!drinks? i could careless for the milkshake - they've got BEER!!!ask for extra Russian dressing on the side for your fries. OMG. sigh. i wanna go back... don't just stand in line when you get there... go in and find the lady with the board and make sure to put your name down! we were seated before some people because i made sure our names were put down! ;)Langer HaikuThe number nine-teenAn orgasm on rye breadWho the hell needs KatzIs it pastramiOr is it texas brisketWho cares, both rock itFor a nice jew boyI really feel like home inBrown vinyl banquettesAs the years went onThe neighborhood got seedyNow I carry maceWhat would grandma sayWhen the guy who cuts corned beefGoes by FranciscoThis was my first time @ langers ... and of course ... I ordered #19 and it was pretty good ... my table also ordered the New York steak and it was alright. Overall, it was good but not amazingly good as some reviews describe.Here's the deal:  You park for free a block away (one hour only, so watch the time).  But you need to get your ticket validated.The area is literally teeming with people, including families, workers, weirdos, cops, etc.  So, even though the area is kinda "sketchy," you only have a block to walk and you'll probably make it to the deli just fine.  And Langer's is not open at night, so all the better.  Don't be scared.  It's only a block away and it's bright daylight and there are folks all around.   So enough with everyone yapping about the "bad" neighborhood.Yes, you should get the #19, the same thing every other person in the world gets.  It's that good.  The bread is incredible, the meat is juicy and the coleslaw is sweet and moist but not sloppy.  The matzo ball soup is also very good.  Get a cup.  The fries are nice (and a half order is fine).  And the Langer's cream soda on tap hits the spot.  By the way, the club sandwich could easily feed two people but, honestly, it's kind of bland.Pricey?  Yes, but that's not news.The food is almost all very good and there's a reason the place has been around 62 years.Now go.Not just the best pastrami I've had.  Some of the best meat.Hand sliced.Tender.Incredibly meaty.Subtly spiced.Bread - soft and crusty.Destination restaurant.Props to a buddy of mine for making me stop by here when I was downtown for work. For some reason I had never made it here. Top 3 sandwich for me. Pastrami reuben with cole slaw instead of sauerkraut.I have no issue paying deli prices for a sandwich like this. Insanely good.Took me twenty years to get back to Langers, but I finally made the trip today...  as most people describe, the place is an institution, a nice little "fuck you" to all the Chicanos who've taken over Alvarado.  Very smart of them to close before dark, as I'm sure many members of Mara Salva Trucha in the neighborhood would like nothing better than to grab the "hunny pot" of cash that falls into Langer's coffers under the cover of night.I don't particularly like rye very much, but I figure'd it be a little sacrilegious to come to the "home of the finest pastrami on the West Coast" and shame myself asking for a #19 on white bread...   The sandwich was really good, but for $14.55, it's not something I could possibly do everyday.  Diet coke was $3 too!  I guess the commodities boom has moved on to aspartame as well.The reason it took me so long to go back to Langers is that it is a logistical nightmare to dine there.  I live on the west side and I keep pretty normal hours at work, so their 8-4 Mon-Sat routine has always prevented me from partaking.  It was one of those serendipitous confluence of circumstances that led me here for lunch today... but as I sat at the counter, flanked on one side by Comtpon's finest and the other by what looked like a practicing Rastafarian, I thought to myself, "God damn, why are Jews so good at everything?"Tender melting pastrami cuts. Crisp, refreshing coleslaw. Swiss cheese, Russian sauce, heaven between two slices of rye. It's not the cheapest sandwich in the world, but it's good. So good that it's available as a wallpaper download: langersdeli.com/wp-conte…Now, don't you look foolish, drooling uncontrollably in front of your glossy screen. Go out to this quaint diner and experience #19, possibly the best pastrami from the West.+ Must try: #19 (duh)Best deli in Los Angeles, and close to the Red Line.  Bring your gun or brass knuckles though because this area is not for the timid.  Great part is that after you're done eating the best Pastrami Reuben your mouth has ever had the pleasure of tasting, you can get a fake SSN or CA Driver's license right next door.  Sweet!Langer's has been there for YEARS and is a LA icon for those that know good deli food.  Their meats are amazing and breads to die for.  Highly recommended.Give me lots of meat and sauce!!!! I l love Langers! After hearing my boyfriend talk about espn 710's review of the #19 and last minute shopping in the Fashion District on Christmas Eve, we decided to finally indulge in some hot pastrami and spicy mustard!My boyfriend of course ordered #19 which included pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, and russian dressing. I ordered #44 which included pastrami, saurkraut, an nippy cheese, and  a extra side of Russian dressing all on rye bread.Our order arrived extremely fast and the sandwhiches were huge!! They were bigger than the size of the head! I quickly jumped on the spicy mustard and Russian dressing saucing that baby up for a foodgasm like no other.It was insanely delicious! I ate the first half of the sandwhich in less than 5 minutes..then as I looked on the final half I was still hungry and craving some more of the melt in your mouth pastrami. I finished the entire sandwhich like a champ and was content and suprisingly not bloated and full to induce a food coma, after all I had to cook a 10 person prime rib dinner with all the sides and fixings later that evening!Overall great pastrami and would definitely be back again!!!YUM! The #19 pastrami was just as delicious as everyone claimed. The pickle wasn't as crunchy as I would've like though, but man I am a fan!Parking: across the street and a block over but you get free validation and while it isn't the worst neighborhood, I wouldn't wanna walk alone at night.The service was friendly and the guys behind the deli counter are pretty jolly and boy are they quick!I feel that I am just going to be reiterating what everyone has already said but this place was amazing. Yes the prices are a bit high for a sandwich but I felt like I was having a piece of Los Angeles History with my matzo ball soup, which by the way was equally amazing. The broth was so rich and the matzo ball just melted in your mouth. I also am a spice loving gal, but I felt it would be a sin to add any hot sauce to that soup. Obviously it has been noted by yelpers and food critics alike that the number #19 is something special and it is. The pastrami, the rye bread, the russian dressing make a perfect combination. I loved it. I shared it with my boyfriend and I was glad I did. I never would have been able to finish it by myself. Now....I have to try the cross town rival Canter's. However, since this is closer to me, I will definitely be coming back for more.Dear Langers, I am so sorry for all these years I have neglected to get to know you.  I have always passed over you week after week on the streets but never decided to stop in to see what you were all about.I enjoyed everything you had to offer. Your matzo balls were awesome and the chicken soup left me wanting more. Your pickles were perfect and crunchy.  Your fries were so nice and crispy.Your #19 didn't fail to deliver and your #88 is such an auspicious number that I had to try it too... pastrami and corned beef, yum.  Please forgive me again for neglecting you. I heart you. Let's start dating.Love,JoelCelery soda?  What the heck is celery soda?  Ewwwww... in a word: Celerific (not derived from "terrific", but rather "horrific").  If you're having Rachel's berry-beef trifle from that one episode of Friends, this drink may be a perfect complement.  Otherwise, stay away from it's yellow-green blehhh.  No thanks Dr. Brown.  Your root beer's alright, but that celery experiment not so much.Celery soda detour aside, and moving on to the real reason for this update... my subsequent visits to Langer's have solidified the restaurant's status (in my mind and in the minds of all my friends) that they are truly the real-deal purveyors of the finest pastrami.  The #19 has not come even within a hair's width of disappointing.  When I hear other yelpers throw around "best pastrami" in reference to another restaurant (such as the way over-hyped Oinkster), I know that they have not tasted the pastrami at Langer's.#88 (Hot corned beef, sauerkraut and swiss on grilled rye) is also a winner.  There are many, many items on their huge menu that I would like to try, if I can just get past #19 and #88.  At least that celery soda is scratched off the list.  Only 546 more visits to go!We went out of our way to eat at Langer's because a lot of people, including Yelpers, said it was the best pastrami they've ever had, and that it even topped Katz's pastrami.  Have those people really ever been to NYC and ate a Katz's pastrami?  I don't know, I don't care, and, I don't think so, because, if they really ate a Katz's pastrami sandwich they would probably be haunted by that meat for the rest of their lives.  Katz's pastrami, or even their corn beef, melts in your mouth like butter, and it's flavor and moistness lingers in your mind forever.Don't get me wrong, Langer's pastrami sandwich is delicious.  The operative word being "sandwich".  Number 19--the pastrami, Russian dressing, and rye bread work well together at Langer's, but it's no Katz's pastrami and no Katz's pastrami sandwich.  The rye bread at Katz's Deli is just OK, so Langer's has them topped there, but that's all.  Katz's sandwich is just bread and meat because they want you to experience the true flavor of heaven.  Sandwiches that disguise the flavor of the meat are nothing but pretenders to the throne.  If Zagat reviewers give Langer's a 27 out of 30 for their food, then Katz's Deli deserves a 32.On a meat to meat comparison, there is no comparison.  Katz's pastrami, even their corn beef, is much better.  I dare to say that Brent's Deli @Northridge, CA is better than Langer's Deli also.  Brent's chopped liver is better as well.  Langer's is good, and I love the private parking lot overseen by an attendant, especially at such a questionable neighborhood, but I don't think it's better than Katz's or, even, Brent's.PRETTY. DAMN. GOOD.I'm not even a huge fan of pastrami...till now that is. =)Maybe it's good that the food is pricey or this would be a regular lunch spot for me. My hips are thanking me...in secret.  Shhh!Came during a weekday lunch, right at 12pm. It gets crowded, but the food comes quick and I didn't see a line waiting for an open table when I left. My friend and I shared the #1 (Pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing on rye bread). Comes with 2 pickle slices. Sandwiches are pretty big, so half of one was really filling. Pastrami meat was plentiful, soft and not too salty. The coleslaw with the Russian dressing  provided a great creamy contrast to the meat and wasn't sweet. I liked it a lot and I'm not a fan of coleslaw. Rye bread had an awesome crunchy crust and a soft inside. The sandwich fell apart a bit, but that is part of the experience. Getting dirty with your hands! Luckily Langer's provides hand sanitizing spots and little wipeys for your hands. I also had the Matzo ball soup. First time...and I had to wiki what a Matzo ball was made of! When I finally tried it, it reminded of me of tofu with a slight meaty taste. Perhaps because of the broth.  It was soft, airy and not salty. I really liked it and probably could have had just that for lunch.  Our waitress was really nice, efficient and answered all our questions. Good service. Now...time to fall into a food coma. =)It's not often we make the trek to LA, so when we're in the area, I want to take advantage of the shopping, the culture, the museums... eehh who are we kidding here? I go to LA for the FOOD. Now after seeing Jonathon Gold's list of top 99 Things to Eat in LA Before You Die, I want to slowly but surely knock off as many as I possibly can. Life is just too short.I had my mind made up that I wanted to try a Langer's #19. Nevermind that we had just recently finished a late lunch at Mozza and walked around Melrose. It was about 3:30pm and Langer's closes at 4pm. Remembering that they do curbside service, we called to order, and about 15 minutes later, we had a white paper bag delivered to our car. Just be careful not to run over anybody. No, we're not in Mexico, we're still in LA... the little voice says in your head.Back home, I'm ready to dig in. Thick slices of pastrami, swiss cheese, Russian dressing, and cole slaw sandwiched between 2 slices of rye bread. With the first bite, I definitely loved how the cole slaw contrasts with the pastrami. The rye was soft, with a thick crust, giving your teeth a chewy workout. I definitely enjoyed the sandwich, but I can nitpick a few things.The price is fairly high for the amount of pastrami in the sandwich. At the very least, it just felt like it needed a few more extra layers of pastrami. It doesn't have to be piled high (would be awesome, of course). The sandwich is just about $15 after tax, which is pretty high, in my opinion. For that amount, I want more of the good stuff, and that's the MEAT.Also, I've been fortunate to try all sorts of deli-style sandwiches in NYC, including Katz. They all just seem have more flavor in their deli cuts, and that goes for the pastrami and corned beef. Perhaps it's the seasoning or the preparation. It's hard to put into words until you actually try it for yourself. It's sort of like how pizza crust made in NYC just tastes better because of the NY water. Anyhow, I'm glad I tried Langer's. If I lived closer, and craved some sandwiches, I'd definitely come on a regular basis. There's no doubt that Langer's is trying to increase their exposure. I see more restaurant articles online (LA Times) and hear more radio commercials (ESPN 710). Langer's #19... I can check this one off the list.It may be a bit of a task to get there when they're open, but it's worth every minute.With the traffic stricken LA freeways, we needed a diversion from Burbank. I had been wanting to visit Langer's since I saw the episode of "Best Thing I Ever Ate 'Between Bread'" But, every time I attempted to visit, they were closed because it was either a Sunday or a holiday weekend. This time around we came through at 3:15 on a Wednesday. I know-I know, they close at 4, so we ate super quick.Upon entering you can see the history in the place and I really appreciate how there are certain places that just keep it old school.My dad ordered the 1/2 Sandwich & Soup, with the #19 and Barley Mushroom Soup - He loved itMy mom ordered the Veggie Sandwich - She loved itMy sister and I order the same as my dad but with a side of Potato Salad - The pastrami was stacked and perfect, and the potato salad had just the right amount of Mayo. In other words, we loved it. Other than that, the location is perfect. I love the Metro and it's only a half a block down from the Westlake/MacArthur Station off the Purple/Red Line. But, if you're the driver (like I was that day) they have a private lot that is free for an hour with validation.I think most people have it right when they say this place is all about #19. It is a very good pastrami sandwich. I wont go as far as saying it is the best I have ever had. And I also have a hard time saying it is worth $15 to $16 (portions are decent though)Warning/FYI = Fries are extra + a drink...be ready to drop $20ishThe neighborhood is...well...less than awesome and i don't have much fun parking.The people/staff are amazing...they all seem to be happy to be there and are very friendly.I do think Langer's is a place you need to do at least once. It almost feels like you are a part of history while you are there (if that makes sense).I am sure I'll visit them again.I read this "Pastrami King" article in the latest issue of Bon Apptit magazine saying it may be the best pastrami in the US. So, within 4 days I was there.The rye bread was outrageously good, soft and flavorful with a crunchy crust. The pastrami was super tender and soft but lacked deep flavor.  The pickles lacked flavor as well. I wouldn't say it was the best I've had, but ranks in the top 3-5 and it's definitely worth a try. So far, Canter's is the Pastrami King in LA as far as I am concerned.Have you ever eaten something and you say 'ah, I get it now'?  Well for you pastrami experts out there you need to try Langer's. It's the real deal!Their pastrami sandwich is not piled foot high with a mountain of meat like so many popular delis.  Instead, they balance the amount of pastrami which has a quality and authenticity that you'll innately recognize.  Pastrami is a cured meat (corned beef) spiced and smoked.  Here you will actually see the smoke ring on the exterior of each slice.  The meat is drier than your typical pastrami but yet not too dry as there's sufficient fat.  It's good fat which is the kind that melts in your mouth and you don't even know it's there. It makes sense that the pastrami is drier as it goes through a slow smoking process that naturally remove excess moisture.The rye bread they use is slightly toasted and cut thick enough so that it won't fall apart and has a really nice crust on it.  They give a final bake to their bread on-site so it's always at the peak of freshness.  Definitely bonus points for the rye bread.They have their #19 sandwich which is pastrami with cole slaw, swiss cheese, and russian dressing.  It's actually excellent even though I was initially apprehensive about desecrating such great pastrami with other flavors.  They claim it's their top seller and my taste buds can understand why.Overall, it's great pastrami and if you don't want to deal with walking down the street (parking is a short block away) you can call in your order and they'll bring it curbside to your car.  It's in sort of a crappy area, but I don's have a problem with it. Langer's is famous for their great pastrami.  The New Yorker had an article about Langer's having the best pastrami in the country.  They were also a James Beard award winner in 2001.  It's one of those places that you have to try in your lifetime.  Yes, it makes you glad you live in LA!I've been ruined! I love pastrami, like most of people i know, i'm sure, i've only eaten fast food pastrami. In general mostly tasty stuff and usually generous portions. That used to good enough for me till now. I was in the neighborhood craving Guatemalan tamales, but no place that i found on my Yelp was open so i decided to bite the bullet and enter Langer's Deli. It's a pretty big joint... I remember being here before probably like 15-20 years ago and not too happy with that visit. I'm pleasantly surprised to see a friendly face when i walk in... I don't care about celebs, and technically i don't think Huel Howser is a celeb. He is a media guy though who does these reports about town about L.A. on public tv. It was nice to see the dude handle his business while i waited to be served a pastrami and swiss on rye...The sandwich was of a decent size for most normal people i guess but i fell in love with it after the first bite. The slices of meat seemed to be 2 or 3 times thicker than the average slice and the meat itself was a glowing pinkish red... The taste of that moist pastrami meat was fantastic. I enjoyed every single bite. I would've like the bread to be toasted, i just like the crunchiness of toasted rye bread. If i have one negative thing to say, it's the price. which is really surprising considering the that this place is the middle of a poor neighborhood. I can't support a sandwich that costs over 15 bucks, no matter how awesome it is. I appreciate the time and the artistry that it must take create such a delicious meat. Even fast food pastrami sandwiches are over priced. I'd go back once a week if that sandwich was half the price. The worst part of this is that it's ruined me to any other pastrami sandwich.... I'll never enjoy any other again.I don't mean to cast aspersions, but anyone who goes to Langer's and doesn't consider it a five-star experience is either:a) Not a pastrami fanb) Delusionalc) A philistined) A foolYou may be a combination of some of the above, but in any case not someone to be taken seriously in the context of Langer's. I will concede is that the hours are inconvenient. Otherwise, it makes for a sublime pastrami experience. I wouldn't discourage you from exploring the menu, but you should really get with the program and start off with a #19.The pastrami is truly amazing in its own right; however, one should not neglect the role of the twice baked rye in the gastronomic experience (which you can buy from Fred's Bakery on Robertson).As for the neighborhood, it's quintessential LA. It may not offer the lilly-white enclave that Westsiders require to fully unclench, but it's unlikely that anything dramatic will happen to anyone with an ounce of sense.That said, I did get a ringside seat on my last Langer's pilgrimage to a homeless man raising grief at the front door and being, uhm, 'escorted' off the premises by some of the more corpulent members of the staff. Unfortunate, but a reminder of LA's metropolitan reality.Okay...so I'm a sandwich and burger kinda guy. The simplicity of eating meat between two pieces of bread with your hands is just the perfect meal for me. So I had to swing by while I was at the LA Convention Center (1.3 miles away). It's not in the best part of L.A. and you have to walk a short block from Langer's parking lot on Westlake and 7th (90 mins free parking w/ purchase of $5 or more at Langer's), but it's not that bad. Just letting you know what to expect. Back to the food. As everyone else has posted, you must get the #19 because it really is that good...No joke!! The pastrami truly is the best pastrami you'll ever have. It's juicy, moist and full of flavor on it's own, but mixed w/ the Russian dressing, Swiss cheese and cole slaw...OH MY GOODNESS!! Since I wanted to try something else, my wife ordered the #5: corned beef, Swiss and Russian dressing. Great as well! I kinda understand why some people would complain about the price because we paid $40 for two sandwiches, one side of fries and two sodas, BUT I think for food this good...it is so worth it. PLUS, both my wife and I still had the other half of our sandwiches that we didn't touch (which still taste good hours later). I also understand why people keep coming back. Not only is the food amazing, the service is as good as it gets. Our waitress took our orders right away (after answering a few questions) and our food came out a few minutes later and even when a line started to form at the door, we never felt rushed.  I will definitely come back when I'm in the area. I just wish that I lived closer.Well I have to say, if you were to drive by this place and not know the name, you probly would not stop. The area is less than desirable, but don't let that sway you. The food here is SOOOOOOOO good. Its old school Jewish deli good. The rye bread is some of the best I've had. Everything I've had here is really good.  They are famous for the French dip, but I had a turkey on rye with swiss and Russian dressing, and it was awesome. This is a must if you are even 1/10 Jewish, or you just happen to love food. Nuff said...i also had to get a loaf of rye to go, thats how good it was...Great, I've been ruined for yet another food product for life.I went in with high expectations which isn't my style but I've heard so much hyperbole I bought into the hype.  And boy does the ole #19 live up to it.  Pastrami, coleslaw, Russian dressing, Swiss cheese and Jewish rye.  The bark encrusting the tender red meat must be made of the same stuff that baby angels are because it is heavenly.  I would love to have an end piece to suck the bark clean of flavor.The coleslaw was lightly mayoed and complimented the tender smokey beef and earthy rye copacetically.  And the rye?  I didn't know you could get bread like that out here in SoCal.  They must import it from the moon because, baby, that shiznit is out of this world.My friend having had a large breakfast got the potato pancakes which were the size of hamburgers and had a rich onion flavor complimented by the thick sour cream and applesauce that came on the side.  I tend to find blintzes, latkas, knishes and potato pancakes to be on bland side in general but do enjoy them for their salty simplicity.I want to try the chopped liver.  Any place with pastrami like this must have incredible chopped liver.  I don't know if I can bring myself to order anything else other the the pastrami.  We only have a finite amount of times in our lives to visit this place and I don't know if it would be a waste to order anything other then ole #19.  It's an existential  dilemma of epic proportions.   I'll have to find a friend who likes chopped liver and we'll split it.My only regret is forgetting to order an egg cream.  I love egg creams and by the time I remembered they had them here I was already done my meal.  Chalk this one under wasted opportunity.  This was a $13 sammie that felt like a $30 sammie.I have to go back now and adjust my ratings for all other pastrami places.Don't let your fear of working class Latinos keep you from getting the best pastrami in the world.This is the real deal my Yelp Famila! The last bastion of what a LA deli in the middle of the city used to be.........and still is here at Langer's. An oasis, lost in time. But, Langer's lives. It's a real deli! No bullshit!It's like a living being......a breathing entity. Langer's draws me in. It doesn't matter where I'm at......but it it calls me......"come to me Yelper".....and then it happens.....I think of the savory, thick cut, NY style pastrami seasoned to perfection. But I'm at work and it's not quite lunch time yet. When has that stopped me! I think about the rye bread warm NOT toasted, crisp on the outside, soft on the inside.......then I hear it again......"I want you to get in your car and come to me now!"I know what I have to do.....I'm in a trance, I'm having an out of body experience. I see myself driving and I realize I have to go to Langer's....no matter what.I arrive.......I put up one finger and it's understood........The attendant asks, "one for the counter?" I don't speak, I just nod in agreement and I head for the counter. The counter that's been MY counter for so many years. No need to look at the menu.......I hear the voice again............"get the # 10 big boy, you know you want it"......what can I do I have to abide. I order the #10. "Pastrami, swiss cheese with Russian style dressing, please." I can barely get the words out, when I realize all I had to say was "#10 please".........who gives a shit......its ordered. I then go off in a haze........I'm flying in the air like Jeff Bridges in the BIG Lebowski........just for a moment. Then it arrives.......It's beautiful.......a work of art. Only, the Yelper in the sky could have thought of something this gorgeous. Then I hear it, "You know what you have to do kid....make sure you enjoy it."I bite into my #10. To call it a sandwich is just not good enough. I get dizzy. I hear sizzling in my head. My palette just went to a different dimension! I continue until it's over. Wow! That was too much. You can't do this every day. I mean you could but then you're just minimizing the moment.One last wipe of the mouth. I look around and realize....no more voices. It's okay. "check please............"Langer's.....it a feeling all it's own...........Get the #19. Done. Feel free to thank me.The only reason I took a star away is because of the really crappy location. Damn, if it was in a better area I would live in this place.When New York Jews die, instead of heaven, they go to Langer's.Need I say more?Best pastrami sandwich I've ever tasted, though there hasn't been many to compare with, but I'm sure this is definitely one of the best! it's what I hear from most people. The deli is located in Westlake, across from MacArthur Park and about a block away from the Westlake/MacArthur Park station. Today was my second time going there and they happened to have seated me in the same booth as last time! Came with a friend during lunch and it was her first time here. I was eager to hear what she thought of it since she's more of a foodie than I am. My friend and I ordered the #1 - Pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing on rye bread and it was delish! my friend qualified it as being pretty darn good! The restaurant looks the same as it looked back when they opened it. it's definitely an LA landmark and it has that mom and pop store feel, being that it appears to still be family run. I liked that. The only thing that wasn't the greatest were the prices. It's a bit pricey, otherwise, I'd be going there more often ;)The menu is huge, and includes all the delicatessen favorites.  But the star of the show is the house made pastrami and good ol' number 19.  The pastrami is slightly sweet, super soft, and oh so good.  The rye is baked fresh: toasty and crispy on the outside but soft on the inside.  The sandwich is stacked, but not in a carnegie deli, eat it with a fork type of way.Worth the price!Their #19 (pastrami sandwich) alone has got me sayin OH MY GOD!!!Every time I eat this, I just want to be left alone and savor every little morsel that goes into my mouth. It's a real love affair.Quality is outstanding and they have the right combination of ingredients. I do admit, $15 for this sandwich might seem a lot, but it's worth every penny!I've only ordered to go and picked it up curbside. Downside is they close at 4pm, so it's kind of a hassle to drive all the way there, but I'd do it in a heartbeat. Yep, it's that good.I've tried Brent's and Tat's, but this has been my favorite pastrami sandwich EVERRRRRR!Pastrami done right.I've probably passed by this place dozens of times either leaving or getting to Ktown via Alvarado. A stalwart of "old LA" amidst the current Mexican businesses surrounding MacArthur Park.  My friend raved of this place, I looked up the address and punched it in the GPS without thought, and when I got there I wondered where the hell it took me...  then I looked up and saw the huge sign I missed all those times... "LANGERS Delicatessen Restaurant". This place was straight out of Swingers...The pastrami and corned beef is legit.  It's nothing like The Hat or Johnnie's, Tommy's, etc...  Its wet cured beef that comes out soft and falls apart in your mouth in every bite.  Its served in every possible combination of cole slaw or sauerkraut, Russian dressing on rye with spicy mustard and ketchup on every table.  The most popular is the #19.To be honest, I had the number #54, double Pastrami and Corned Beef together.  I was coaxed into by my friend but it's not how I like my deli sandwich. Even with the cole slaw and Russian dressing given on the side.  I know the next time I go, I can get it the way I want.Park at the corner of Westlake and 7th corner, it should be labeled "Langer's Parking", but if you miss the huge sign, the booth is also says "Thank you Los Angeles" for its continued patronage for over 60 years.  There is some other street parking on Westlake and Bonnie Brae thats not metered... but thats up to you and your luck.  Stick to the validated lot.The weekday lunch crowd is large, perhaps just this week when this article published earlier in the week claiming Langers as the BEST DELI IN LOS ANGELES.  So get there early.latimes.com/features/foo…13 or so bucks for a pastrami sandwich--the best meal anywhere near Downtown2 bucks for an ice tea--a great deal because the refills are plentiful20 per cent tip for the overworked but pleasant waitstaff---worth every centSurviving the walk to and from the Red Line each time I go----Priceless1 downside, the restrooms are upstairs.  I don't know if they have a special accommodation for disabled people or not. If this is an issue, you may want to call first and make sure.Pastarmi on rye, bread still warm from oven mounds of Dijon, large basket of fries, large iced-t, sat at the booth, served by Flo(Not really her name). Best sandwich and service in :LA.Best place in Los Angeles to get pastrami (I think it rivals great NYC pastrami anyday.).  Probably the best part about Langer's apart from their heavenly fatty pastrami is that the decor hasn't changed since the late 60s-early 70s.  The harvest colors design scheme is gonna make a come-back, I swear...mark my words.  It's totally worth the trip and come on, guys...it's not that scary of a place.If you're hungry, there's nothing better than a corn beef sandwich, pastrami on rye. Errr, except maybe a burrito and a big bowl of noodles. For now I'll stick to the sandwiches.I had the corned beef while the other had the pastrami. These sandwiches are frighteningly huge. The price isn't so bad once you realize it'll last you two meals. Their meat is just plain terrific. The rye bread has a nice thick crunchy crust and a soft inner bread. A pickle on the side is a classic complimenting flavor that I never tire of.In comparison to all delis in LA and OC, I'd give this place a 5-star rating.HOWEVER, I still think Katz's pastrami takes the cake. It is definitely a close one but Katz manages to create a delicious sandwich with only three ingredients (rye bread + pastrami + mustard), while I feel that the pastrami from Langers needs to be layered with coleslaw/cheese/mustard/sauerkraut/etc.Thankfully after trying Katz in NY and lusting after their pastrami, I set myself on a hunt for a deli known for their pastrami (that was comparable to Katz) and found Langer's! But... enough about Katz and comparing the two. Let's focus on what Langer's is doing right. Obviously this review isn't gonna matter all too much (960+ reviews? c'mon--it's good) but I just want to reaffirm that Langer's pastrami really is G--DOUBLE-O--D--good.  It is tender and juicy... and they actually slice it for you.  The pastrami cuts are THICK and retain so much flavor.The "Russian style dressing" is yummy! It tastes like Thousand Island dressing but not as creamy, and with more diced pickles and horseradish. It complements the hot pastrami sandwich well even though it was a diversion from the more coveted, traditional mustard dressing. I liked the fact that Langer's bread is crispier than the bread at Katz. It added a (nice) crunchy texture to juxtapose the tender and soft pastrami. Their coleslaw is pretty good I'd have to say. I don't even like coleslaw but it wasn't overpowering and wasn't overly creamy.  #40 (pastrami, sauerkraut, nippy cheese on rye) was a little overwhelming in taste. I usually like sauerkraut but there was too much on the pastrami that it took away from the sandwich. Also, the swiss cheese is a better substitute for the nippy cheese in my opinion. -------**My fave: #10 Pastrami, swiss cheese, and Russian style dressing. **Pricing: pretty expensive for a sandwich (~$15) but for someone like me, half a Langer's sandwich is fulfilling for one meal. I would just pack the other half to eat later on as another meal... $15 for lunch and dinner, hoorah!**Parking: metered street parking or park in the lot designated for Langer's customers.**Curb side service is awesome! Just call in, make your order, let them know what model and color your car is and they'll bring it out to your car when you park in front of the deli.Seeing as how my friend hasn't had Katz's or Carnegie deli's pastrami in NYC, i thought her claim of "Best Pastrami Sandwich Ever" was a bit bold. However, after i took that first bite, she had me sold. Ordered the classic #19 and it was amazing. The pastrami is Juicy, Tender, THICKly cut pieces of orgasmic joy. so soft, melts in your mouth, sooooo delicious, and in my opinion, definitely deserves the award for Best Pastrami Sandwich Ever.Besides the now obvious fact that the sandwich is AMAZING, the restaurant itself is enjoyable too. There is a very old school, get to know your waitress feel to the place. There's also a dedicated parking lot just for Langers (you get validated for 1 hr) which is very convenient. Sandwiches are a lil pricey, $15 for the #19, but... have i mentioned its AMAZING? Oh yea, there huge too, even for me, which is a great plus in my book!My very first review. And it's long overdue. Also, it will be long.I admit, I've been selfishly yelping throughout the years- finding gems and avoiding crapstastic food served with a side of terrible customer service-  without contributing to the pool of reviews. I'm ashamed. And there may or may not be more than a few rough drafts  I've been meaning to finish in my account. As much as I enjoy getting these cutesy emails from the Yelp team reminding me to finish my reviews...[e.g., Is it our imagination, or is it getting drafty here?Just joshin' ya. But seriously, what's the scoop on *insert business name here*  we're dying to know!]it's time. And I figure, if I'm going to be the Duchess of this LA institution, then I should start here. So here we go. Full disclosure: I can only vouch for four food items on the menu.1. Matzo ball soup : good2. Fries : Ore-Ida crinkle cut, not my thing3. Latkes:  with sour cream and apple sauce. Yes, please.4. And the #19. The reason why I can only vouch for four things on the menu. Because when I'm at Langer's, I don't want anything else. The #19 is the perfect sandwich. It starts with pastrami. *The* pastrami. The kind that changes the way you think about pastrami. They take brisket, cure it in brine, then coat it with a magical blend of spices, heavy with black pepper, then smoke, and steam it. Thick cut, against the grain *by hand*. (Who does that anymore? But it's obviously worth it.) This pastrami is the the juiciest, most tender I've had the pleasure of putting in my mouth. And I've had a lot. If there's better pastrami out there, I don't want to know.Then, the pastrami is then placed on *the* bread. Double baked rye bread. Par-baked up to 80% offsite, then brought to Langer's and baked fresh in house every day. Thick crust, impossibly soft and yielding center, strewn with caraway seeds.  [tip: buy the loaf on your way out]. They say bread makes the sandwich, and I'd be inclined to say that here, except I feel like I'd be taking the shine away from the pastrami if I did. Still, I can't imagine that I would feel the same way about this sandwich with any other bread. You could stop here, but then it wouldn't be a #19, just a hot pastrami on rye. Not that there's anything wrong with that =) Maybe a bit of mustard, which are on the tables, (Gulden's of course) and you'd be good to go-the purists seem to enjoy it this way. But I wouldn't know. I could never say no to that extra crunch from the coleslaw, perfectly creamy with an acidic zip, or the Swiss cheese and Russian dressing perfectly complimenting that hot pastrami. It just works. Comes with a pickle that isn't bad, but not terribly good either. But add a cream soda on draft, and I'm in heaven. Side note: Yes, you'll probably have to wait in line during peak hours. Yes, Langer's is not in an ideal neighborhood, instead, it's across the street from MacArthur Park- but you won't be going to Langer's after the sun sets, so that shouldn't be a  problem either. Metered parking is available but only if their lot-  free with validation for an hour-  on the corner of Westlake and 7th is full. And yes, you're paying $15 for a sandwich. Absolutely worth it. So obviously, I'm a fan. Mostly because of the #19. But, for me, the cherry on top, before or after eating my sandwich, is the owner. Norm Langer, son of  Al Langer, the one who started it all in 1947.Every single time I've gone to Langer's Deli, he's there, either working side by side with his employees making sandwiches, wrapping up to go orders, or watching his employees like a hawk, a friendly hawk if there ever was one, to ensure quality. You just don't see that kind of pride and dedication in one's work anymore.I appreciate that this reflects in his business hours: Monday through Saturday, 8:00 AM-4:00 PM.The man doesn't bite off more than he can chew, and I respect that, even if it means craving a #19 around dinner time more times than I care to admit.I was one of the thousands of people who showed up for Langer's 65th anniversary special, which included a free pastrami sandwich for anyone hardy enough to brave a 90-minute line.  The sandwich, the #19 Pastrami Sandwich to be exact, was incredible.  It was a work of art.  The thick flavorful slices of pastrami, the likes of which I have never seen before, completely defy any comparison to the paper-thin pastrami at most other joints.  Rye bread imbued with true flavor, soft and slightly chewy, but sturdy enough to hold together a sandwich almost bursting at the seams, edged with crusts that actually taste good on their own merit!  My god, is this what a pastrami sandwich *can* be?!  I felt like a lowly serf, brought to the banquet table of an emperor.This is not the sandwich I deserve, but it is the sandwich I need.** Bonus points go to the server Barbara, she did a great job dealing with a really rude customer.OMG thank the good Lord for saving the Jews out of Egypt and parting that delightful Red Sea so that thousands of years later we can enjoy Langer's.  If you come here, get the #19 - it's divine.Hands down best Pastrami sandwich I ever had.  The meat melted in my mouth like butter, flaky and nicely chopped and I have never had Pastrami that tender before, it's usually chewy and a little rough to bite through at every place I've ordered it from.  It must be slowed cooked. Definitely worth a try if your in the Los Angeles Area.  We had headed to the National History Museum and this was a really good  place to stop and eat at....Thank you fellow yelpers :) The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is for the very slow service, it took at least 45 minutes before we got our food.  The place is very popular and it gets way crowded for obvious reasons.  Luckily they do have their own parking lot that a parking attendant attends to and in the middle of Los Angeles this is a must.  They have a huge menu but they are known for their Pastrami so that's what we ordered and now I will have a very hard time ordering pastrami from any other place without enjoying it as i have here.  I actually split this sandwich and was so incredibly full off half a sandwich. See picture.Okay start stoning me... go ahead.. but let me at least explain why I was ho hum about this place.There's a roped line just to enter, this is not a club or a ride at Disneyland, why the roped line?  The prices of the food is crazy high and honestly it's not all that great, I can say I've had better, HOWEVER.. I did not have the pastrami that this place is known for and I have to return and try that.. I did however have the Brisket and that was good but come on close to $3.00 for a soda and add my sandwich and a side of fries for over $20.00 not including tip.  We happen to be lucky finding parking but if not forget it... it's in a very bad area, I wouldn't want to come here in the daytime let alone at night time.  The only thing I can really say was good was our server, he was very polite and attentive. I might give this place one more chance.36... that's how many times the word "pastrami" has been used in reviews for Langer's Deli so far. I plan to bring that number closer to 40. Puh-straw-mee! Okay, say it like you mean it-- ***PASTRAMI***! Al Langer seeded his pastrami kingdom in 1947 and it continues to thrive  under the tutelage of his son, Norm. After a nearly deadly bout with the recession of the 90's, it thrives with dedicated patrons and a little help from the Metro Red Line adding a stop there.There's more than just pastrami, of course. For instance, I've never had a corned beef reuben until Langer's and it was archetypal. If you want to venture out of sandwichville, you can try their braised lamb shank with homemade stuffing for $15.50. If you're an alpha-carnivore, you can brave the trifecta of meats: turkey, tongue, roast beef for $14.95. However most of the sandwiches are around $10-$12. Expensive but each is a tower of power, built like an edible brick, and often "reubenized" with Russian style dressing that can easily be dressed up with sauerkraut and most often accompanied with cole slaw. The French Dip is tres magnifique! It makes Phillipe's version limp with a broken accent (whatever that means) especially since you actually get to dip it here as opposed to the pre-dipped version there.Some reviewers (not just Yelpers) seem to have some apprehension about the safety of the neighborhood and even go so far as to conjecture that Langer's curbside delivery on faxed orders is for the really squeamish. Having lived in cities most of my adult life, I think this is a bit of middle class panic. It's a daytime restaurant and most of the customers are downtowners and it's not scary, people. If you're from some sanitized, Disneyesque suburb you might get culture shock but it's time to get out of your comfort zone and smell the pastrami. Parking is available for 1 hour free with validation at a lot on 7th and Westlake (1 block east of Langer's). I was modest in only using the word pastr*** 5 times in this review. If only I could be that restrained when eating my heart out at Langer's.Until today the Hat was the go to place for a pastrami, but that changed the moment I stepped into Langers. After hearing about their world famous pastramis countless times on ESPN radio, I was finally able to step into the delli with high expectations. Well it didn't fail. Their Pastrami sandwich was beyond what I was expecting. A quarter pound or more of quarter inch cut meat is so tender it can be cut with a folk. It still retains the flavor of the meat not being too dry. I dont know how they prepare the meat but it was extraordinary.Come on people, this place isnt really that good. I wanted to write a three star review after my first visit but my bf told me to give it another chance which I did and guess what.. I decided this place is a solid three stars. The first time I had the pastrami which was waaaay too fatty but I guess thats what people like and the second time I ordered the famous number 19 but with corned beef. Cons about this place. waaaaaaaay overpriced. I paid $18(included tax and tip) for a sandwich that doesnt even pile their meat up high nor does the sandwich come with a side. seriously the amount of meat they put on their sandwich is embarrassing considering how much they charge you for it. Nothing tastes that great. the cole slaw was okay, i couldnt taste the cheese-maybe they should consider melting it. the only pro about my meal was the rye bread which was so fluffy and why this place gets a three not a two. Lastly, their waitstaff is unfriendly. you feel awkward asking your waiter for something like another straw or extra Russian dressing because they are just so grumpy. They look at you like you are asking waaay too much. Langers after trying both your pastrami and corned beef and after spending waaay too much money and being dissatisfied both times.. i wont be back and really dont understand why people do.Eating this pastrami is a revelation.  If you've never had hand-cut, old jewish deli-style pastrami before, you MUST try this place.  If you live in LA and have never been here, you MUST try this place.If you need an ID, you MUST try this place.  (this neighborhood is crazy, you're going to get hounded by mexicans hitting you up like, "ID's?  ID's?"  No quero mother f*cker.  Damn. ) I've been doing some research on this place post-consumption and I hear this might be the best pastrami in America.  And this was said by a native New Yorker, in the New Yorker magazine.  I agree.  This is the best pastrami sandwich this guy has ever had.  When I come back, I'm going straight for the pastrami and cheese, I don't need that extra coleslaw stuff.  Give me their fresh baked (best I've ever had) jewish rye bread and a fat mound of that hand cut pastrami(you have to ask for hand cut or they'll just slice it for you) and cheese and I'm a happy man.Let the pitchforks come out. I cant recommend Langer's for their pastrami sandwich or their sides. The food and, most importantly, the value weren't up to par. In fact, the end experience ended up horribly. (I had food poisoning throughout the night.)Pastrami on rye is one of my favorite foods. In NYC, I ate pastrami sandwiches almost every day, and never got sick of them. But Langers was a different story. I, literally, got sick after eating their mediocre sandwiches.While the cut of the pastrami was admirable, I wish for more fatty bits in it, as the flavor was underwhelming. Near the end of the sandwich, I got fed up with the lack of punchiness and added mustard to the sandwich, which i never do for good sandwiches. The rye bread wasn't anything special. The pickles were ordinary pickles bought from the store. The coleslaw -- oh, dear god -- was a pathetic attempt unworthy of its price tag. I will never come back to this tourist trap again.Fans of Langer's and owner's of Langer's, do NOT take what I am about to say as a negative in ANY WAY!KATZ's in NYC is still the BEST G-damn Effin' Pastrami in America!!!!!  There, I said it.  I needed to say it, to publicly pledge my undying allegiance, and I did.  Now to Langer's:THANK GOD I FOUND YOU!  I have lived in LA now for over a year and have been pining away ever since for my long-lost once-a-monthly dalliance with Katz's.  I've been taken to Jerry's (terrible, dry, over-cooked, just plain shit-tay) and Kantors (...feh...) and was beginning to despair.  But then I kept hearing about Langer's and how GOOD the Pastrami is there (yes, I capitalize Pastrami, it should be thought of as a proper noun, so deal with it).  So last week I went.  Finding that Langer's was kitty-corner to drug addled MacArthur Park made me yearn for the bad old days of the pre-hipsterized LES (that's Lower East Side for you naifs).   There was even a line out the door (it was 1pm after all) which can mean a couple of things, but I chose to stay on the optimistic path.  And inside felt like a total old-school this-is-the-way-we-been-doin'-it-ain't-never-­gonna-change atmosphere reminiscient of K's.  Seated, ordered the Pastrami with coleslaw--a bit of a departure from my usual Pastrami on Rye, side of pickles, but I was preparing myself for a disappointing dried out sandwich and thought that coleslaw would wet it down properly...and when it came...?All I can say is:  Now I know where to go when I am craving really moist, juicy, fatty, flavorful Pastrami!  Soooo yummy!  I didn't need the cole slaw, it was good ALL on its own!And even the price was similar to Katz's!  Sandwich= $13.90Yeah, it ain't cheap, but if you want quality Pastrami (and this is comin' from a Pastrami fanatic) you are gonna have to pony up the do-re-mi!1,000!!!Yes, as the ONE THOUSANDTH review. BEST. PASTRAMI. EVER.So, this is my small contribution to the jillion other reviews for this place.  Obviously, the pastrami is DELICIOUS. Thick-cut and like nothing I've ever tasted before.  Langer's kinda messed up pastrami for me in general because now I can't have non-Langer's pastrami without thinking, "This pastrami is so thin and salty and not Langer's."  In addition to the pastrami, the ambience is great.  It's definitely O.G. Los Angeles.  Having lunch there feels like something out of a movie (a la "Pulp Fiction" diner scene) or something.  Maybe it's just me.All in all, if you haven't tried it, please do yourself a favor and go as soon as you can.I always love going to places that have been around for a LONNNNNG time.  There's just something so magical about walking into a restaurant with so much history to it.  The staff here is always incredibly friendly and very patient as you glance through the HUGE menu.  Let's be real though, looking through the menu is just a formality.  I always get the same thing.  Half a pastrami sandwich, matzo ball soup, and a side of fries please!  (I only get half a sandwich because I can't eat that much, and the crispiness of the bread gets lost if you take the sandwich to go.)  My god, I don't know what it is about that crust on the rye bread, but it is so crispy, so delicious.  Langer's, I love you.  Don't ever change.I've never had a pastrami sandwich before because I'm not a fan of most deli meats so I was hesitant to try one.I figured if I traveled all this way to eat at a place all my friends raved about, I might as well try something new.I'm kinda sad now because I will forever hesitate ordering a pastrami sandwich anywhere else but Langer's. It was beyond magical. Like unicorns and leprechaun magical.I am now a huge pastrami sandwich fan. But only from Langer's.Oi vey!!!The pastrami here is so fucking good I'm thinking about converting...Shalom bitches!!!I consider the pastrami on rye at Langers to be nothing short of a religious experience.  The bread is perfectly crisp on the crust and doughy at the center. The pastrami is greasy, full of flavor and just all around delicious.  I've tried the eggs and several other dishes but really that is not the reason to go to Langers.  You come here for a sandwich, probably the pastrami on rye with slaw and russian dressing.  I think its better then Katz's or any of NY institutions.They are not open for dinner, you can call ahead and then call again when you're at the curb and they'll run out to your car.  There's also parking a block a way, just be sure to validate.  There is a subway station a block away.Ordered #19Went twice in the last week.  The second time confirmed even more so how this is gospel.  Let me break this down to you.  Do girls like Westerns (i.e., films)?  Probably not.  But, Tombstone, the best western ever, was one of those films that even girls liked.  You might not even like pastrami sandwiches (e.g., Carrol Park that came with me today), but after one bite, you'll be transformed.  I'm talking full on conversion experience.  Hallelujah!  The angels agree with me... and this is not hyperbole!  Description: The juiciest, melt-in-your-mouth slices of pastrami; Rye with crunchy crust and soft middle; thick slice of swiss cheese; cole slaw that adds perfectly to the overall texture and flavor of the sandwich... very balanced in all.  You can taste and enjoy every part of the sandwich in your mouth.  I'm only giving this place 4 stars cause there's an "economic crisis" and I can't be spending 15 bones on a sandwich all the time.The #19 as everyone says over and over is amazing, made to perfection. It is a fairly good size sandwich that two could share... but trust me you won't want to. I drive 45 minutes just to get one of these sandwiches whenever possible! The best time to go is a little before or after the lunch rush and not to forget that there is a parking lot off 7th street that is free with validation.There's not a lot I can add to what previous reviews have said, as everything is pretty well covered ground.  I wholeheartedly agree that this place has the best pastrami I have ever had or will have.  I'm sure that there are other good menu items, but I've never strayed away from pastrami.I've never liked the area of the restaurant.  I used to work in the area, and we would walk to Langer's in large groups of people for safety sake.  That, and there's not much in the way of parking.  Thank goodness one of the guys who was in our lunch group was 6'5'' and used to be a detective for the LAPD, so we felt pretty safe.  Oh yea, add me to the list of people who hate the fact that they close at 4 p.m.Yes, the area is bad- but it's being gentrified. If you're still not over Vanity getting busted for coke at MacArthur Park across the way, then order your sandwich over the phone so they can bring it to your car, curbside. If you're willing and able to take a bullet for some good ass pastrami, then come right in. Parking is located on lot a block east of the actual restaurant (Arts In Action parking lot for those who remember.) The pastrami sandwich comes with a princely sum but it's worth every shilling as you devour every last bite of pastrami- stringy tissue and all. Langer's makes the Canter's waitresses look like America's Next Top Model.I'm not going to waste your time with a lengthy review: Langer's is Pastrami Incarnate. Get the #19. You won't be sorry. Crispy crinkle fries, tasty deli meats, old school atmosphere and service.  Validated parking 1 block over.  Been coming here for years and every waking moment I'm away, I'm thinking about when I'm gonna get that juicy, flavorful, oh-so-tasty meat back into my mouth again. Yeah, I said it.DOES LANGER'S NEED ANOTHER REVIEW? TRY THIS CONCOCTION WE MADE UP:The hot pastrami on rye w. sourkrout dipped in au jos sauce of course with some deli mustard IS UNBELIEVABLE. You can thank me by being my fan on yelp. I need an ego boost!Okie dokie artichokie. I gotta tell you. I love pastrami sandwiches, and I'm a big dude. I like to think I have great tastes in food and when I saw all the great reviews to langers I had to go.I have lived 5 minutes from langers for nearly my entire life and I didn't try it until I was 21 and a half years old. I now regret my last 21 years of my life until I tried the #19. (YES THE SAME #19 everyone else is telling you to get) Expensive, but worth it. Best sandwich in LA. 4 of Goro's Hands down. Don't miss is PLEASE.Few places live up to the hype surrounding them.  Langer's is definitely not a disappointment.  Most food critics rate Langer's better then Katz's pastrami in NY, so I had to give it a try. Best pastrami bar none.  Thick hand cut with a nice peppery flavor and not overly salty.  The meat is so tender it just falls apart.  The rye bread has a chewy crust and super soft inside which pairs amazingly well.  I think that I ate mine in about 45 seconds.  They may not pile it high like some other deli but what a difference.  Everyone I turned on to this place was immediately addicted.  Even better, they are right at the metrorail exit on MacArthur Park.Best Thing - pastrami reubenI hate it... when awesome food is so damn far away from me!Finally got around to trying Langer's.  Ever since I went to Katz (yes I went to Katz first even though I live in LA, and yes it's another Katz comparison for Langer's), I've wanted to try here.  East Coast versus West Coast, who wins?To be honest, it's really hard for me to say.  They are so similar yet they are so different as well.  Langer's pastrami is hand carved, which means you get these fatty strips of pastrami rather than the thinly deli slices that you see at most spots.  It is juicy, warm, and flavorful.  Pastrami should be like this, everywhere.  Of course, I went for the #19 for my first Langer's experience, which is pastrami on rye bred with Swiss cheese, cole slaw, and Russian dressing.  That combo is just... righteous.  The mellow Swiss cheese and the Russian dressing goes so well with the pastrami and that rye bread is magical.  Probably the best rye I've had anywhere, because like a good Jewish deli, the bread is re-baked, giving the bread a warm, crispy crust that holds up the sandwich so well.The sandwich is expensive at close to $15 for a #19.  Service here is quick and food came out fast.  There's also a lot for free parking as long as you get it validated at the corner of 7th and Westlake.  There's also curb side service!It's only open 8am-4pm and closed on Sundays... which sucks since the business hours make it hard for me to get Langer's.  Boo. In the end, do I like Katz better or Langer's?  I think I gotta try just the pastrami sandwich next time.  I will say though I do like how Katz is carved right in front of you and you get to choose which piece of pastrami, how fatty, or if you want the end pieces or middle pieces.Whether or not it is better than Katz or any self-proclaimed best pastrami, Langer's is now my favorite in LA for an awesome pastrami sandwich!In my opinion this place is overrated. Sure the pastrami sandwich is great, but $14 is ridiculous for what you get. The diner is nice, nothing special. You will have to find street parking (good luck). In my opinion, if you have the money to burn, go for it. However, you are warned, the food here is expensive.I cannot speak about the rest of the menu at this restaurant.  Why the bloody hell are you even thinking about getting meatloaf, or breakfast?  Just look over, look over at the table right next to you.  What are those guys eating?  Pastrami.  Two perfect pastrami sandwiches, some russian dressing, one slice of swiss.  Have that.  Don't get the omelet.  You can get an omelet ANYWHERE.  You can't get the best pastrami on planet earth at Denny's!  To quote the Pixies, WHERE IS YOUR MIND?The pastrami is smoky and made the same way it has been made for years and years.  The fries were not so good but trust me, you won't be focusing on them too much.If you need more encouragement, I urge you to go directly to the Langers website and read the review Nora Ephron wrote which is linked up in their ABOUT section.  It's way better than anything else she's ever written and more true to life than You've Got Mail.Mmmmmmm. I got number 19 as everyone in the yelp world recommended it, and it did not disappoint. I think I would've given it 5 stars if I hadn't stuffed myself with Porto's cheese rolls ten seconds before and if I hadn't eaten it in our cramped office kitchen.I will re-review this place again after round 2.There's a lot to like about Langer's.The Jewish deli stuck around in the Westlake area after it went to hell, the Langer brothers still work the store when they could have retired a long time ago, it was a major beneficiary of the first leg of the subway, and it's a very unique food option when nearly every other eatery -- with or without a building -- is Mexican or Central American.Yes, the pastrami is worth a trip. And the nearly 100 other sandwich options are just as praiseworthy. Praiseworthy and gargantuan. Langer's does not skimp on the meat. The puny bread is not able to hold its contents, and to try to eat the piled-high sandwich requires the mouth of a hippo.However, the prices are amusement-park exorbitant. Most sandwiches are in double digits. And that's a la carte. Sides, if needed, are $3-$6 more. The sandwiches are very good, but the prices Langer's commands are unreasonable.Langer's also keeps lunch-counter hours, and Saturdays seem generous when the target crowd is downtown dilberts.Langer's is still worth a visit, but make sure bank accounts won't be overdrawn before eating here.Transit access: Metro Red/Purple Line, Metro Rapid Line 720, Metro Express Line 487 and Metro Local lines 18, 20/21, 26/51/52/352, 66/366, 200 and 603; LADOT DASH Pico-Union/Echo Park; and Foothill Transit Line 481.Wow! If I had not the slightest bit of inclination to get down and dirty with pastrami before, I do now. #19 is my new lucky number.After our first taste of the heavenly pastrami, we talked exclusively about how we might transport the maximum amount of that delectable meat back home with us on the plane. Next time, we're coming with a portable meat locker.BTW, Langer's is located in an awesomely convenient location. On your way there, you can easily pick up weed, fake ID's, counterfeit _____, and the disease du jour. Truly, a one-stop shop.Bf and I recently visited this place for lunch! we ordered the #19 and shared that...it was delish!!! There's free validated parking. The sandwich is kinda expensive tho...but i think it's enough to share between two people. They also were nice enough to put the sandwiches into two separate plates for us. Service was quick. Make sure to get your ticket validated! :)YUM YUM YUM YUM!!!! 2 of my friends were always going on and on about this place that they decided that they would personally bring me in for a trial run. It was the best fu**ing pastrami I have ever had. I had #19. Everything about it was perfect. It smelled like heaven, the bread was soft and tasty, the pastrami was warm and layered high. Geezus kriste! It was a mouthgasm in the making!!! It's so perfectly filling, too! No skimping here!! Don't know why we ordered fries! They were really good but we struggled to finish them.  Also, since we were sharing fries among 3 people, our waiter, Sal, (who, by the way, was *awesome*) brought us each a little ketchup container. Very cool. Talk about attention to detail and great service. Speaking of cool, the place is super cool. Booths everywhere and total laid back atmosphere. All the waiters/waitresses/staff are nice and friendly. Worried about parking? They have a parking lot that they validate for, which is crucial to the busy little area it's in. Definitely worth every cent!!!This place means business.  Really really really good Pastrami sandwiches.  When I was in New York, I went to the famous Katzs deli.  However, to my pleasant surprise, Langers is comparable!Expensive $14.50 sandwiches that are filled with thick, steak-like pastrami.  They have signs up everywhere saying that #19 is their most popular sandwich.  However, I suggest you go with #44 instead.#44 is like #19 except it has sauerkraut instead of cole slaw inside the sandwich.  Everyone knows that Sauerkraut is much better than Cole Slaw, right?  It is true.  Do not argue with me.I got mine togo and loved how they include pickles in a sealed bag for you.  Sweet!  They also have curb side service and a parking lot near by in which they give out validations for.  Win!Oh Hell yes. Pastrami sandwiches? Count me in. Count me in HARD. I'll invent a clone machine and clone myself so my clones and I can all eat here and then we can be counted in like, ten times total.The pastrami is utterly delicious and heaping. It's lean and flavorful.We got the #19 which is their famous entree. I loved it, the coleslaw and the Russian dressing were perfect. My lady didn't care so much for the coleslaw, not liking sweet stuff on her sammich. So next time we'll try the basic sandwich and add sauerkraut.But be warned, parking in the area SUUUUUUUUCKS. It's sparse at best and you'll be nervous at Hell about your meter considering the wait time. I'd recommend you go on an off hour to avoid the hassle.I don't eat Beef, so , can't tell you how good the pastrami is~ Well, i went there twice, once for to-go, once for breakfast. I love their curb services-with one phone call, you can get their waitress to deliver the food to you when you sit in the car, and you can pay by credit card! With the crowded DTLA street, not having to find parking is simply wonderful. About the food, i got the 3-Deck sandwich both times. It's a lot of meat, enough for 2, the quality of turkey, ham, and swiss cheese are very good, but the impressing part is the bread. I believe the bread is made in house, with a wonderful blend of spices. Oh, you must try their crispy Hash Brown, it is so so so good.Just found my new favorite sandwich.Hoooooooooollllllllyyyyyyyyyyyy shhhhhhhitttttttttttttt. #19 lived up to all my expectations and more. I honestly am not the biggest fan of pastrami because I find most pastrami a little on the salty side but oh man does Langer's know how to cook their pastrami. Its like everybody else has been doing it wrong and only Langer's has been doing it right. Seriously, holy shit.So let me get down to the food. I'm gonna break it down:Rye bread - OMG sooooooo delicious. Baked to PERFECTION. Outside is super crunchy but inside is sooooo soft it practically melts in your mouth.Russian dressing - Orgasm in my mouth.Swiss cheese - Good as cheese gets.Cole slaw - Delicious! Wasn't too mayo-ish and wasn't too cabbage-y. It was juuust right :)**PASTRAMI** - WOW WOW WOW WOW. The pastrami is cooked to perfection/heaven/orgasm/jizz/omgiwantmore. It literally falls apart because it is soooo tender. They cut the slices so thick and generously. I loooove it. I seriously could not have enough of that pastrami. My dad and I both agreed that it is the best pastrami that we've ever eaten. Not salty whatsoever. Just good ol' smoky flavor. Soooo tender and juicy and perfect. Mmm mmmm good.The service was fantastic and the whole atmosphere of the place was so fun and comfortable. Very nice old school set up and feel. Loved it :)**PARKING** Langer's has their own parking lot up the street on the corner just one block up. Please do not miss this. Parking in this neighborhood is hell. My dad and I made the mistake of parking on the street and our car got spit on by those insane people roaming the streets. After you pay for your meal just get your ticket stamped and it'll be all good.Seriously people, you can't deduct stars from your Langer's rating for bad parking just because you don't know about their dedicated parking lot on 7th (free with validation).Oh yeah, and they have the best pastrami sandwich in the world (tied with Katz in New York and Schwartz's in Montreal).  Get one before you die.Talk about a slice of history...My waitress was 148 years old and had the sass to go with it.  This place is a landmark in infamously "historic" MacArthur Park [read: between Korea Town and downtown].  I had the pastrami sandwich and was not disappointed at all.  The coffee was decidedly strong and the booths / stools have that great plush "pleather" material with the large gold upholstery tacks.I suggest heading there when the sun is up.  I used to live a block away and know all too well that the freaks come out at night...literally.  The gangbangers won't mess with you if you don't disrupt their drug trade down there.  Don't half step.    Go there for a great hangover meal.After hearing about their famous pastrami sandwich, I'd been wanting to try this place for a while. My bf and I went right after peak lunch hours so the place was pretty empty and we found meter parking right in front! Woohoo! The place was a lot bigger than I expected and had an old classy feel to it, especially because of all the dark brown leather booths.I ordered their most popular #19: a pastrami sandwich on rye bread with coleslaw, swiss cheese, and a pickle on the side. The sandwich was pretty good... but REALLY good when I added the spicy mustard on it! If you don't see the bottle on your table, ask your server for it! It gave the sandwich the perfect kick and made it taste sooo much better. The pickle was also cold, crunchy, and complemented the sandwich perfectly. I also got a side of macaroni salad which was just okay. My bf got a side of fries which were surprisingly really good! Golden ridges, slightly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside...so good that I didn't even need to use ketchup! :)Overall, definitely the best pastrami sandwich I've had, but then again I haven't had too many in my lifetime. But the reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because it's a tad pricey for what it is. It was about $13 for just the sandwich.I finally tried it since I saw a comment that was made by Suzanne Tracht on Foursquare (by Bravo) "Try #19. The pastrami is unbelievable!"  And yes. It was indeed unbelievable-Y AWESOME!When I first walked in... I wasn't greeted the way I wanted to be greeted into a restaurant... (getting seated by hostess)  But I realized later it was the cashier in the front of the restaurant that sucks!!!  But the rest of the staff is awesome at best!Since I wasn't seated right away, the hostess did his very best to get my service by taking my order himself awwww :)  I got my #19 Pastrami on Rye Bread in less than 5 min! WOW.It's a bit pricey... but all the Pastrami places I have been to (Canter's Deli around midwhilshire, LA and katz deli in NYC) are around $12-$16 a sandwich and the portion is HUGE.  I had to take half the sandwich to go, but my fata** ate the other half of the sandwich 15 min later lolYou're not a real yelper until you make the pilgrimage to the Pastrami capitol of possibly the galaxy. Being hungry is half the battle.The number 19 is a prime number in more ways than 1. Just show up to the place whose yellow brick road is replete with scam artists trying to sell you fake ID cards (if you're an illegal immigrant looking to get legal the illegal way, this is your Mecca), false watches and the like. Across the street is an idyllic park and then you see the placard: Langer's is written in that nerdy cursive font you see used to stamp brand names on 1950's appliances. You're set. Go forth, Horace Greely. Go West to Westlake.#19 is the menu item you should be for. A pastrami sandwich on ANGELIC rye bread. Wait, stop. Let me talk about the bread. I remember it from this past summer. It's fresh. How do you describe fresh? I can't think of any words. It's soft and chewy like a Keebler's elves rainbow cookie....wait, NO! That's not good enough! It tastes like a sack of loot that some larcenist leprecahn took from the proverbial pot of gold.Someone on here said that you can get leaner cut pastrami, but just let them bring what they bring everybody. The coleslaw should be consumed AFTER. Drink as little of your beverage as possible.I don't know about New York. Never been there. Doesn't matter. This tastes like bonafide Americana preserved in time. It's worth your time.YUMMMMMMM!!!I've driven by this place literally a million times and never even thought to check it out. Granted parking is a wreck (street parking on Alvarado if you can even find one...) and the building looks a bit run down but still.. at the least I should have checked it out on Yelp because who knew what I was missing out on.Their pastrami sandwich is AH-MAY-ZING!! The rye bread.. the pastrami.. the coleslaw.. even the pickle. I have found my new crack!! A side of fries with dijon mustard and ketchup.. I was content. Even the servers are super friendly and no wait time for seating. I truly cannot describe the delicious-ness. Just go and try it out!**UPDATEThere is a parking garage.. one hour free with parking validationMeaning I just drove around the block for 10 minutes looking for street parking like an idiotThe first time I had pastrami, it was at The Hat. And it wasn't good. My impression of pastrami was that it was very salty.My second experience changed though when I had pastrami with Sophia W. at the Hillcrest Sandwich Co.SO, it seems fitting that my third time having pastrami would be at the highly rated Langer's with Sophia W. again! It seems this girl knows where good pastrami is because this place lived up to its' ratings.When I first arrived in Langer's I was a bit thrown off my the neighborhood. It wasn't necessarily the safest or nicest hood and I immediately regretted walking down the street because I don't think people appreciated my Marc Jacob shades or my Lululemon gear by the death glares they gave me. (I swear I'm not usually this pretentious looking..really, I actually use yoga pants for fitness so, this qualifies me to wear them! I'm not wearing it to JUST be snooty..it's more of a combination of the two).Stepping in Langer's though, it was a quaint (and huge) restaurant. You could tell it's been here for a while and it's definitely a local favorite! We ordered the chili cheese fries to share and of course, the #19.There was something nostalgic about the crinkle cut fries. This was an awesome dish..definitely heavy (duh) but, so good. We both agreed that it could use a bit more chili and cheese though cause by the end of it, we only had fries left.The #19 absolutely stole the spotlight though. Thick slices of pastrami, stacked on rye bread with Russian dressing and coleslaw. Oh my. The pastrami was tender, it was flavorful, it wasn't too salty..it was perfect. The coleslaw and dressing gave a nice bite and sweetness to the soft pastrami.Langer's pastrami compared to The Hat's pastrami is like comparing In n Out to Mcdonalds. There is just no comparison. If you think you don't like pastrami, it's just cause you haven't had good pastrami..at Langers. Our bill came out to about $40. It's not super cheap with sammies marked as high as $25 but, I would still come back once in a while.Parking is a little confusing. They have a lot on 7th ave once you round the corner to Langers and it has a sign.Love! That's all I have to say! I wish they had a student discount because those a $15 sandwich is tough on a student's pocket. But the pastrami is heaven and its so amazing!!!!! In love times 1,000!!!I came to a sudden realization of what a proper pastrami sandwich should be when I partook of my beloved #29 - hot pastrami, tomato, with Russian dressing.Skimming through the past reviews, it seems that #19 is supposedly the sandwich that Langer's is known for.  While the cole slaw is pretty good, and the pastrami is certifiably to-die-for, I don't believe that, in this case, the sum of the parts is greater than the whole.  In my opinion, the cole slaw and Swiss cheese distracts one's taste buds from fully enjoying the pastrami.  It's thick, juicy, and tasty.  The bread is soft in the middle with a crispy crust that exhibits a surprisingly complementary toughness that makes the act of biting into the sandwich abnormally satisfying.  Subway, Quizno's, or Togo's have nothing on their pastrami.  I laughed maniacally when I heard a friend tell me that the best pastrami he ever tasted was from a Togo's.  n00b!For fellow breakfast connaiseurs, I can verify that the pancakes are of a similar high quality.While $14 may seem high to pay for a sandwich and a soft drink, once you taste it, any sense of reservation you had will slowly disappear.  You will probably find yourself trying to schedule yourself to be in the area just so you can have an excuse to stop by here.Parking in their small lot a block away will be validated at the front counter.I officially popped my cherry today. My Langer's cherry, that is. Mini-me and I came here for lunch. I knew before we even arrived that I would NOT be ordering the pastrami. Never really liked the stuff all that much. Don't give me that look! Instead, my mouth watered over the #88-- Corned Beef with Swiss and SAUERKRAUT on grilled rye bread. Russian dressing on the side. Mini-me decided on the lunch special of half a Hot Pastrami with Cream Cheese. Sounds weird, but it was actually quite good. OH MAN it was weird that I actually liked the pastrami better than the corned beef. I know corned beef is a bit salty, but not usually more than pastrami (I think). Perfectly sliced pastrami. It was, dare I say... orgasmic. NO no no. Never mind. It wasn't THAT good, it's still just pastrami after all. But for someone like me, that makes Langer's worthy of 5 stars. Other noteworthy items ordered were the Chili Cheese Fries which were great! Piping hot fries with freshly grated cheese. A steal at $4.95, considering the prices on the sandwiches. We also shared a bowl of matzo ball soup. How could we not? We rarely venture out to Jewish deli's, so.. when in Rome. Er, Langer's. Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs really, and could have done without the soup. I thought it was fairly average. I liked the broth much better than the two balls. (hehe).The potato salad! I love the potato salad from Philippe's and sadly it was sub par compared to that. However, it could have been that we were so stuffed that my taste buds could handle no more. No big. The friendly waitresses packed it all up nice and neat and we took that ish to-go. Easily found street parking over on Westlake. Passed by a lot of sketchy characters, but so worth it for the food. That #88 had just as much sauerkraut as there was corned beef. Disgusting? Yes. Disgustingly DELICIOUS. I'll have to return to Brent's Delicatessen in the Valley one day to make a thorough comparison with Langer's. Hopefully, I won't be seen by the ex bf's mother or else she'll chop me up and serve me on rye with russian dressing. Yay Langer's. :)First, park a block up ahead in the designated Langer's lot. You'll need to get your ticket validated after you eat, but finding parking in this area of town is TERRIBLE.Now you can enjoy your food. I ordered the #19 just like everyone else has suggested. Personally, I didn't enjoy the coleslaw or cheese in my sandwich--it made it too creamy/rich. Next time, I'll be getting a classic mustard, pickles, and pastrami sandwich. Now, the pastrami itself is probably the best you're gonna find in town. Thick, smoky, juicy, and tender--good luck finding another place that can match this pastrami in Los Angeles. I ordered just 1 sandwich, and 1 order of fries for me and my girlfriend since we knew it was going to be filling. Came out to about $24 total. Service was great, they were very attentive to us.The atmosphere was also really cool. I felt like I was in an old school classic deli which made my overall experience that much more enjoyable.Just go, there's a reason they've been open this long with such a stellar rep. P.S. I've also tried the famous Katz deli in NYC. Langer's comes in a VERY close 2nd, but I am NOT taking anything away from them. It is well-worth it, delicious, and the best pastrami you're gonna get if you don't plan to fly out towards the east coast any time soon.Best thick cut pastrami reuben on rye I've ever had PERIOD!  HOLY CRAP!PSA: Try not to get mugged on the way in.Huh. I didn't review Langer's yet?This isn't cheap, but the mounds of food on your plate will give you either leftovers or a bellyache! Langer's has the feel of an old fashioned east coast diner. Not Perkins, Yankee Doodle Diner. Homey, old fashioned, good bad coffee, patrons who know the waitresses names, hostesses who aren't 15 year old actress/model/singers. NICE PEOPLE. And the sammiches!!!!!!!!!! GLORIOUS! I don't even like cole sla and I loved this. As a vegetarian I had some trepidation about asking for a vegi reuben..the waitress and I made one up with their homemade colesla, swiss cheese, sauerkraut and delicious dressing on rye. It was amazing! YAY! I've been back since then, had potato pancakes, they're yum as well.  My meat eating friends drool at the mention.Best visited late morning/early afternoon, especially if you're wimpy about neighborhoods.  Yup, looks dirty and sketchy. Nope, never had a problem here, and I used to live walking distance (again, east coast walking distance, not LA walking distance!).This has got to be the greatest stop for food before entering  Dodger Stadium. The place never changes, the sandwiches are delicious, I don't care which one you order. And years ago you could walk  across the street  and get a phony I'D (drivers license/social security) if needed. I used to stop and order the corned beef on rye, side of slaw and fries and take it to the dodger game. I'd also eat a few dodger dogs to top off the game. The service was typical of a deli, fast and rude. No real ambiance but your there for the artery clogging deli meat so enjoy.A good experience, but in a bustling and busy part of town that some might consider a bit scary, gritty or dirty. No issue for me being a native of Los Angeles and able to visit almost any part of town.#19 is the way to go here for first timers as the moment I sat down in the bar, the lady said first time here?  Get the #19. It was almost perfect. The bread so soft, edges crisp, and the pastrami sandwich good, but not great.  If it hadn't been for my visit to Greenblatt's in Hollywood, this would've been my favorite sandwich.Service was friendly.I can't believe I have the strength to write a review. I'm up to here with pastrami. But I'll struggle through because I know everyone's waiting for yet another review of this LA deli icon.Yes, the pastrami's to die for but that's been said countless times. Today was my fifth visit to this great place & my second pastrami sandwich. The first was the #10; today I ordered plain old pastrami on rye. Both times I took that 'one more bite' that sentenced me to an afternoon of groggily attempting to simultaneously stay awake & digest my lunch. Not that I'm complaining mind you.But please, try to look beyond the pastrami to the corned beef, the kreplach, the whitefish. They are all first-rate and not to be missed. I also have it on good authority that the cabbage soup is excellent. The brisket sandwich - not so much. Hey, nobody's perfect.And the service. Perhaps the food overshadows the great service but it's all of a piece. I always feel looked after at Langer's. Friendly and attentive, always there when you need them but never, ever obsequious. Maybe next time I'll exercise the self-control required that would allow me to order the egg cream without feeling guilty. But I'm not making any promises.I would give this place 6 stars if I could.   For the sandwich lovers like myself, this place is a definite must try.  The pastrami sandwiches here are just too good.  I usually say "so good" when i have a great meal, but I say "so good" between every bite because it's just that ridiculously good!  If I had a list of things you must eat before you die, their pastrami sandwich would be on it.  Unlike other sandwich places that offer pastrami, their pastrami cuts are thick, less fatty, juicy, and super tender.  Their sandwich is sooooo good; its a whooping $14 dollars.  But its oh so worth it.  I would choose their pastrami sandwich over good steak any day (but not great  steak).  If only they had more variations to their sandwiches.  It doesn't come with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, or other good veggies that some people might want in their sandwiches.  If they lowered their sandwich prices, I would go there DAILY!  But for now when I'm feeling like I need my bang for the buck, I'll go to other sandwich joint...I HELLA approve this one.14 BUCKS FOR A PASTRAMI?!?!?  That's what my initial reaction was when I saw the price of the famous #19 on the menu.  For some of you, this may seem like a lot for a sandwich but this is no ordinary sandwich.  This is one that legends are made of and it is worth every penny.Also, if you have ever been to New York or are from there I'd like to hear how this place stacks up (no pun intended) against New York Delis?  Please message me or write a review letting us LA Yelpers know.I am a believer!!Before I met Langer's, I would always buy pastrami at the standard supermarkets and make my own pastrami sandwich. Over the years, I would try pastrami sandwiches at different restaurants and would always be disappointed. At the time, I felt that all pastrami tasted the same and it would be best for me to buy it at the supermarket and bring it home and make my own sandwiches.That was my life before Langer's.On a beautiful afternoon, I decided to pay Langer a visit. Driving up to the restaurant, I immediately noticed the long line out the door. Wow, this was around 1pm and there was still a line? I must have come to the right place!After I was seated and perused the menu, I knew that I had to get #19, which is their most popular dish, which consisted of hot pastrami, Russian dressing on rye bread, and homemade cole slaw. I was ready. I was ready to be proven wrong; that there is such a thing as really good pastrami. Soon enough, #19 was laid before my eyes. I took a look at the pastrami and noticed that the pastrami was a different cut. I took a bite. It was love at first bite. Holy cow!!! The beautiful combination of the pastrami, bread, and Russian dressing was out of this world! The pastrami was tender and absolutely flavorful in taste, the bread was fresh and soft, and the Russian dressing was the perfect addition. It cannot get better than this.What makes this restaurant stand out and long standing for years is that they cure, steam, and smoke their own pastrami and bake their own rye bread. Usually when you go to other restaurants or deli, they would  get the bread or pastrami from another source. Since Langers make all of this themselves, they are able to control the quality and taste of the food. Perfecto!Looking to place a sixth star.  #19 is really good.  Pastrami on rye with Russian dressing, coleslaw and a pickle on the side.Went there 30 minutes before closing.  They close at 4 pm on Saturday.  Used the parking lot they have one block east (on 7th) of the restaurant, free validation.  Alternatively, people can use the Metro stop of MacArthur Park which is a block away from the restaurant.  Parking on the street would be tough in this area.  Walked in and every booth and table was filled.  Spotted one seat at the counter and took it by placing my coat on the seat.  Barbara, the counter server, smiled and handed me a menu, suggesting if I knew what I wanted, she would get it right away.  Easy for me, I wanted #19.  I told her I was going to the bathroom to wash up and when I returned to the counter, before I sat down, she handed me my order.  I was utterly shocked and pleased that they could whip up an order in less than 3 minutes.Lean yummy pastrami.  The counter patrons were friendly and talkative.  Even with a full house the noise level wasn't too high for a diner.  They do have drive-by curb service right in front of the place.  I don't know how it works, but you should call them to find out.Recommend to anyone for the experience of really good pastrami in Los Angeles.So we finally made it to Langer's.  We both had the pastrami french dip.  Delicious!  They give you tons of meat, I could only eat half of my sandwich.  Their coffee is great, too.  I have to say though, the service was'nt good, and they wouldn't serve potato latkes until after 10:30, which pissed me off mightly.  Why would this be?  Its not like they need the fryer to make them.So the food's good, the service isn't, and the hours blow.Jesus.  I hate giving five stars because so many idiots give everything five stars, but this was definitely some good-arse pastrami and I can settle to be an idiot for today.  Can't go wrong with the hand-cut number 19 (Rye, Cole Slaw, and Pastrami).  The pastrami is tender and not salty.  It doesn't taste fatty or oily like some other pastrami sandwiches do.  Half a sandwich is not enough, but one whole one is too much.  Very tricky.  Delicious...even for $14.  I used to pass by this place all the time when living in Koreatown, but never gave it a thought to check it out.  Today, I decide to be adventurous....and adventure I find.  This place is like a microcosm of white people.  If you know the MacArthur Park area, you know the MacArthur Park area.  You step inside this place and it's like I'm transported in my hot tub time machine to 1990s Simi Valley.  I feel safe because the media tells me that white people are safe.  If you like seeing white people in traditionally non-white places and you're a fan of pastrami, you'll agree with my five stars!  If you don't, then the terrorists already won.I hope you're a stranger to Langer's cuz this place is dangerous/everything they slang to us is really worse than angel dust/it's hard to manage this addiction, i pray it vanishes/they serve a little piece of heaven in all their sandwiches/forget the price, i'll do anything just to get a slice/of pastrami, i already sold my soul to the devil twice/sorry mommy, but the rye bread is like ecstasy/especially their specialty #19, the perfect recipe/curbside service gets it quick in my fat belly/plus overnight delivery by fedex? somebody tell katz deli/BESTEST, BEST, BEST, BEST, French Dip/Beef of Brisket sandwich in my world. The beef is cook perfectly and falls apart to the point that you barely have to chew! The Au Jus is the darkest, most tastiest dip. I've eaten plenty of mediocre beef dip, french dip and I tend to order it regardless, but Langer's is like the Mercedes of French Dip. LOLDip the fries in the Au Jus, Yum. The pickles they give there are even good! If you eat Philipe's beef dip, after Langer's you'll say, where's the beef?, leave and drive to Langer's.Downfall, pricey for a sandwich and its in a neighborhood that most people wouldn't like walking thru...  But to compensate, they offer Curb-side Pick Up! Love Love Love, Langers.This place's ratings must be a case of mob mentality. It was mediocre!I got a pastrami sandwich with Swiss cheese and Russian dressing no slaw. Seriously? ?!?!?! 15 dollars for THAT? For some hard bread that seemed from the grocery store AND my sandwich was cold?!I expect and accept this for 8 dollars and no 4 1/2 Yelp rating. But for 15 dollars and so many 5 star reviews I thought this place was going to be amazing. I will say I liked the ambiance and that they had a lot of diversity in both race and age in their staff. All the staff seemed to work well together. But this place doesn't deserve the 5 star ratings for the pastrami sandwiches. Also I ordered a side of fries... 4 dollars. Tiny portion. I swear they were those frozen fries.And 2.95 for a soda.I might be back to try some other stuff, but judging  from this first experience its dubiousTeehee for me, I live less than a half mile from Langer'sGod takes the form of a sammich and whispers in my ear everything that is good and right with the world.Take THAT, nyc!Why are you reading these reviews? You already know it's great. Turn off the damn computer or put the phone away and put the pedal to the metal. Now! They close early!The pastrami here is top notch.  My friend and I shared two sandwiches here and were blown away by both.First off, I had the #88 which was corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss cheese grilled on rye.  I've had some terrible corned beef in my past so I was a little bit wary.  Once I took the first bite into that piece of deliciousness I realized that I wasted about ten minutes of my life wondering if I made a wrong choice.  I didn't.  The waitress recommended this sandwich to us and she definitely did not do us wrong.  The interplay of its components came together in a savory composition that left me just about floored.  This baby is good.Next up: the #19.  This heralded as their best selling sandwich and it is for good reason.  Pastrami, coleslaw, swiss cheese, and russian dressing on rye bread.  I'm getting flush thinking about the thing.  I've never had such exquisite pastrami...ever.  Every part of the sandwich was just damn good.  You could put some mustard on it but it is not needed whatsoever.  If it's your first time going there, I suggest you get the #19 and let that leave you with wobbly limbs.We also ordered fries with our sandwiches but really, they're just there.  Pastrami here takes center stage and everything else is just plain extraneous.  Be prepared to spend a bit of dough on a sandwich though.  About $12 or $13 bucks a pop.  And it only comes with two pickles.  Two very delicious pickles.  I normally don't like pickles, but this changed my life-long opinion on them.This is a 5 star review based solely on the #19 pastrami sandwich. I've been to all the places I'm suppose to go to for pastrami in LA and in NY. The #19 pastrami on rye, with coleslaw, Russian dressing, and swiss cheese is the near perfect food. A study in textures and flavors. The bread is soft and crisp at the edges, the pastrami has the perfect amount of spice, saltiness, and a good ratio of lean to fat. The coleslaw and Russian dressing balance out the richness of the pastrami, and the swiss adds a little good cheese funkiness and creaminess.The matzo ball soup is also really tasty.  Something nice and clean.Close your eyes.  Now picture a slice of Marble Rye bread that is perfectly crunchy crust with a nice soft inside.  Picture that topped with the perfect blend meat/salt/fat known as pastrami.  Picture that topped with the fresh sweet taste of cole slaw and swiss cheese.  That sums up #19 sandwich at Langers.  Just in case you didn't know when you walk in, it's their most popular sandwich.  (Of course the only reason I knew this was because it's plastered on the walls and signs at the tables.  It's sandwich bliss in LA.  It's a NY deli (not close to being a NY deli but a true NY deli) in LA.  This will be my go to place to satisfy my pastrami needs.  The ONLY better sandwich I've had was at Katz deli in NY.  Helpful words of warning:  Go park in their lot to avoid driving around in circles.  They validate for an hour.  Don't be afraid to sit at the counter.  Everyone there was nice.  (Okay maybe not EXACTLY a NY deli since they're NICE here.)Came across Langer's when I tried searching for must eats in Los Angeles. I love me some pastrami sandwiches so I made the trek out to this place to check it out.It is located in a pretty run down side of town.  There is a street full of hispanic shops and when I parked near one of the stores one of the guys came up to the window to ask if I needed some IDs  I gave him the 0_o and was like I just want a sandwich. I thought it was weird, but the walk up to Langer's another dude asked if I needed some IDs too. Do I look too young and need fake IDs? I guess I do know where to go in LA if I need one though. I think Langer's know it isn't the best part of town either because they have big signs that says the place in under surveillance 24 hrs a day.Onto the sandwiches... supa awesome-a sandwiches.  Tried both the #5, corned beef, swiss, and russian dressing and the favorite #19Great rye bread, great pastrami and corned beef. Just super tasty overall.Shop is full of character with the old school diner feel and barThe one downside, the sandwiches are a bit pricey.  15 or so for a sandwich is on the expensive side and you don't get any sides with it either.I've only had Katz one time and that was at the great american food festival in mountain view.  It was good, but I can't make a fair comparison unless I go to the real shop.  So for now, best pastrami to date!1. If you're hungry, and you want that I'm-gonna-eat-till-I-feel-useless-immobile-and-­fall-over feeling, this mighty sandwich is how to do it.2. Skip the line by cutting out on work on a Wednesday afternoon after 1 p.m.3. Don't try to be all foodhipster, just go with what everyone else gets and what the very nice workers recommend--the NUMBER 19. Coleslaw, cheese, some damn good apstrami, on some veryyyyy good bread. Although it's about $14-$15. Steep for sandwich, a very good sandwich.4.Park in a parking lot down the street that's an hour free with validation from Langers. Each additional 20 min.s is $5, so you wanna park, devour, and skedaddle!Somehow, before yesterday, I managed to have never been to Langer's, despite my family's addiction to it.  It's been difficult.  But I managed.  Not that I've been trying or anything.  It just happened.I've appraised the place, though, in between bites of the chili lime jicama bag I usually get from one of the stands down the street, wishing I were hungry enough for a sandwich.  So I knew where to go when some of my extended family asked me to pick up pastrami for lunch.It's a different wold in there than the rest of the neighborhood, that's for sure.  It's kind of a startling shift.  When I got in, I didn't look at the menu - just ordered based on what everyone told me they wanted: 5 pastrami sandwiches, 3 with Russian dressing and slaw.And when they told me the total - $73 - I almost had a seizure.  $14 per sandwich???  Does it come with anything?  No?  Just a pickle?  Get over yourselves, Langer's.But.Yeah.It's probably the best pastrami I've ever had.Generally, I like thin sliced, peppery pastrami.  This isn't - it's chopped haphazardly, with big chunks mixed with curls of skin mixed with paper-thin sheets.  But no matter.  The flavor is a rarity - a one-in-a-hundred experience even if you limit your pastrami expeditions to places that claim to have the 'best pastrami in LA'.  And the tenderness - perfect!  The bread - fabulous!  Gluey in the middle where it sticks to the bread and slaw and with a crunchy crust.  Coleslaw in a sandwich?  I've never made a better choice.If you're going to spend $14 on a sandwich just once in your life, and come on now, it should probably be just once, make it the #19 from Langer's.I'm over #19 but I can't get over the shady neighborhood and the insane prices.  This time, I ordered a corned beef and pastrami sandwich and with tax and tip, it came out to $20.  The rye bread's edges were so hard that I couldn't even bite into it.So yea, the sandwich was tasty.  But I can buy THREE footlongs at Subway for the same price and I wouldn't have to worry about my car getting vandalized while I'm eating.In classical japanese dance, when a master demonstrates her skill she never wears the gaudy, intricate kimono say, a regular performer would wear onstage. Instead, she performs in a subdued, black kimono with a plain, simple fan as an accessory. There are no other 'wow' factors to embellish her performance; there is only the master and her skill. I should've remembered that on my last trip to Langer's.It's a shame that I don't get to go as much as I'd like. Since the Red Line station opened, the neighborhood's much better, and my last trip there was the first in quite a long time, back in pre-Yelp days. Now, folks say that the #19 sandwich is the best. The deli even touts it as their most popular sandwich, but honestly, I beg to differ. Now, I love coleslaw and dressing on a deli sandwich. Whoever thought of this combo should have a bronze statue erected in their honor. Unfortunately, in the #19's case, I felt the other ingredients took away from the heart of the sandwich: the meat. Eating this sandwich felt like looking at a woman whose beauty was hidden by drag queen make-up. I could barely taste the meat in my sandwich, which made me regret my adornment of it with the slaw and that rich creamy dressing. My then fiancé ordered corn beef on *gasp* a ROLL of all things!! But hold on, hold on... That roll did the corned beef justice: soft, but with enough substance to keep the corned beef reined-in. Some rolls are either tear up the roof of your mouth or venture into Wonderbread territory, but this was a good roll. I think of that roll once in a while, so don't hate on the roll just because it's a "deli". Sure, I can have purist tendencies, too; and I even sort of averted my eyes from the waitress when I heard the words, "on a roll, please," but later I looked at her sandwich, unadorned with dripping coleslaw and creamy dressing, and felt a twinge of envy when I took a bite of it.The next time, I'm going to do it right and get this hand-carved pastrami on rye, NO dressing, NO slaw, with "maybe" swiss cheese. The pastrami at  Langer's deserves to be enjoyed on it's own, unfettered by the window dressing a lesser sandwich would need.I almost wish they stayed open at night.I have seen heaven and it is full of pastrami sandwiches from Langer's. At least the one where I'm going to is. I do not even understand why I bother to look at the menu here, since I have come for one of two things: the pastrami sandwich or the pastrami/corned beef combo. I have had better matzo ball soup elsewhere (Canter's) and better latkes at at least three other places. But better Pastrami? Better corned beef? I may be Asian but I'm also half Russian Jew. I'm sorry, Carnegie Deli, Nate 'N' Al's, Canters and all you other Jewish delis that have been graced with my presence. In all matters concerning beef that has been brined, seasoned, steamed and smoked, you have been bested and shall defer to Langers. You might as well take it gracefully.  Btw - just in case you thought you could get this pastrami elsewhere - silly rabbit - I'd like to point out that they make it on the premises (I KNOW, right?!). I like to think this is accomplished with magical Jewish  butcher-knife bearing elves.Thank God for the fact that parking around here is a misery or I'd be at Langer's counter everyday, gorging myself on sandwiches Joey Tribiani style. And I'd really like to stay thin enough to fit into my cocktail dresses. But still, on those dreary days where only pastrami can cure what ails you (what, you've never had one of those days?), you know where you'll find me.Pastrami!!! This is the meat that changed me forever. I was a vegetarian for years and my cous Niks, had me try a pastrami sandwich for the first time and I haven't gone back to vegetarianism since. It ruined me and made me happy all at the same time. So when we happened to be in the LA area, I knew I had to try this place. I had seen it on food shows, in books, magazines, etc. The place is in a not so nice area, but hey it's all part of the package. Old school deli, crappy area, not a lot of parking in a small lot across the street, people selling stuff on the sidewalk. I think this all adds to the overall ambiance, and I like it. I decided to try something different and go with the pastrami with cream cheese and tomatoes on rye. Sounds weird, but it was awesome. They put lots of creamy cream cheese, tomato slices, and load up the pastrami. The flavor combo just works. I also ordered the kasha soup and I loved the broth on this soup. Very flavorful chicken broth with bulgur wheat. I was hoping for veggies also but it was just broth with the bulgur wheat, a Jewish classic. We also ordered the fries, and these remind of me of the old school cafeteria Ore-ida fries with the crinkle cuts in them. Again love that old school touch. Even our waitress was Russian I think, and she seemed like she's been working there for years. Overall, I really enjoyed this place for the food and ambiance and have been trying for years to find a place as good as Katz deli in NY. I have to say that Katz still ranks as the Best pastrami I've ever had, but how often do I get to go to NYC? Langer's is on par with being the best in Cali so I'm giving them 5 stars.Langer's is great. great hearty sandwiches, I've had many different kinds including their salads. The real deal is the sandwiches, delicious!! I agree about recommending you go extra lean on the pastrami meat when ordering a pastrami. Tuna melt is awesome!as far as takeout service...  whenever I place a lunch platter for curbside pick up they always bring it out to my car and give me separate containers with mustard, mayo, thousand, pickles and salt and pepper shakers as well! Langer's always fulfills our deli needs and the food & service is great.3-stars for the fries4-stars for #19 (Pastrami sandwich w/ coleslaw & Russian dressing)5-stars for serviceThe #19 at Langer's is by far the best pastrami sandwich I have ever had. I prefer sandwiches here over the ones I have tried at East Side Market and Philippe's. I'm not sure if it is the meat, sauce, bread, or the mix and match of ingredients that make this sandwich so popular, but one thing is for sure ... it works in my book.The price tag on this baby was about $14, but along with this price tag isn't just the sandwich, but also the service. The service here is an A+. I can't remember my server's name, but I do remember it began with an "E". She was VERY, VERY, VERY, attentive to my table's needs even when we did not have any.The pastrami sandwich might not be for the health conscious, but something so delectable should be an exemption to any health/diet regimen.Langers is awesome, but let me break it down in a way that the other 600+ people who have reviewed Langers haven't. Consider the following analogies:Canters: Like seeing a high-school production of a Neil Simon play.Langers: Like having front row tickets to the Olympics opening ceremony.Canters: A small dinner party with colleagues, including Bob from accounting.Langers: An all night binge of vices in a Limo with members of Guns N' Roses, circa 1989.Canters: Watching your nephews set off some roman candles they got from a fireworks stand off the interstate.Langers: A Michael Bay explosion.Wow - my friend said this was the best sandwich he ever had and I may have to agree with him.  We ordered the Langer's recommended #19 and a #44 to compare and contrast.  #44 was awesome itself but the blend of the mouth watering pastrami, cole slaw, and dressing in the #19 is unbelievable and blows anything else out of the water.  I don't remember the last time I ate something where the flavors blended so well together.  I don't know what else can be said that hasn't already.  Oh, and this is a first for me: a blue collar spot with a James Beard award for classic cuisine.  You know when a place has been around for 47 years, they're doing something right and damn well.My ratings are generally based on both value and taste.Langer's offers taste, but not much in the value department. The taste is not the best I've had, although it's definitely on the better end of things. Their pastrami is sliced thick and it is tender, however, it is also $15.00, at lunch. Everyone says that it's a huge sandwich for $15, it's not. It's an avg size sandwich you would find at most Delis in the neighborhood of $8-$9.I would check out the Pasadena Sandwich Company if you're ever in the Pasadena area during lunch.It's getting 3 stars purely on it's lack of value.My friends and I were finally able to stop by on New Years Eve because we were dismissed early from work. Their hours are kind of inconvenient since they close at 4, we would've never made it otherwise and coming to the area on a Saturday just doesn't seem appealing. Parking is a block a way on 7th St and they validate for 90 minutes. Now the Food,A friend and I shared the #19 and #44. Both were good, but I prefer the #44 because a). The bread is toasted. b). I loved the sauerkraut. It actually reminded me of this traditional sour cabbage dish from Northern China. Definitely an acquired taste though because I don't think my friends were a big fan of it. Our other friend had a salad/sandwich combo which is not a bad idea if you are not sharing because the sandwiches are huge. This way you get to try the famous #19 and still get something else. He got the potato salad, even though he is repulsed by mustard, he devoured the potato salad which very obviously had mustard in it. He said he couldn't really taste it...take that as you will.For me personally, sandwiches are sandwiches. I don't think I can ever be blown away by them. So if you don't have a great appreciation for sandwiches, like me, you will find this place just ok. However, you should still try it though because aren't you curious why this place is so highly rated by so many people?This deli serves the best pastrami sandwich ever -- at least the best this side of the Mississippi ... no no, I take that back, the best EVER. I think they serve other dishes, but there is no reason to get anything else -- just a pastrami on rye, thank you.The one problem is that it's located in not the most charming of neighborhoods, but hey, you gotta take the bitter with the sweet. Besides once you make it to the counter and that sandwich is right in front of you, nothing else matters.Langer's is the best Deli in Los Angeles, bar none.  That's why it's an institution.  I've always started off with the Reuben (because what else do you get at a deli?) but the pastrami is delicious as well.  The corned beef is fit for an Irishman and melts in your mouth when combined with their coleslaw and Russian dressing.  Sauerkraut never hurt a sandwich either.  Everything is time tested and tastes nothing less than the best.  I steer anyone in town from New York or Jersey to Langers because there really isn't anything else when it comes to a great deli.The area is pretty sketchy, but when Langer's was founded, it was a bustling central business district and MacArthur Park was a place where you went for fun, not for a fake passport.  So chalk it up as tradition.  The corner it's on is now called "Langer's Corner."My best suggestion is to take the Metro there, because parking is pretty hard to come by.  You can't claim Los Angeles as your lady until you've been to Langer's.Holy sh*t. I mean, seriously. Holy sh*t. You are going to get mugged on your way in to Langer's (even though the Chief of Police is probably eating at table 6 inside).You may smell excrement on the sidewalk before you cross the threshold. But holy sh*t. And I hate band wagons.HATE THEM. But holy sh*t. You've never had a pastrami sandwich like this.(Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know... Katz's... But honestly, the one thing I hate more than band wagons are overrated eateries and Katz's on Houston in NYC is the most overrated place of them all). #19 and a coke. Sure it will set you back $20 but you're not going to be feeling a whole lot when you leave.If heart disease runs in your family (like it does mine), you won't want to make this place a habit but man, do they get it right.Absolutely the best pastrami sandwich in the world.  Meat is cut like brisket, thick will little fat.  Rye bread is double baked, with hard crust, soft dough.  If you are every near McArthur Park, stop in, you won't be disappointed.This is a kinda love it or hate it establishment.  I think people come in with a pre-conceived notion of what they think a pastrami sandwich is supposed to taste like (either based on other places or just from descriptions they've heard from other people).  Well, we came in a large group (14 people) and probably got 14 different reactions to Langers.  Most were positive, "good sandwich", "it was worth it", "better than I expected".  Some were negative, "too salty", "too expensive", "not worth the drive", etc.My point being, pastrami sandwiches have a very distinct flavor, especially with the rye bread.  Some people will like it, some won't.  If you don't like the flavor, it won't really matter how much it costs (or if it was free).  I prefer thinner cut meat (the Hat style) so the thicker cut meat wasn't that enjoyable for me.  It did make it SEEM saltier but it was balanced overall, especially with the rye.  Add some extra mustard and it was quite enjoyable.  Good, but not delicious and at about $14 each it's not much in the bang for buck category.If nothing at all...its good to try so you can tell people, "yeah, I've been to Langers...."Goddamn! I'd go out on a limb and say this is the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. Stupid Togos for cheating me out all this time.At about $15 for their pastrami and slaw sandwich, it's a bit pricey but can easily feed 2 people or be 2 meals for you. My only ask is that the slaw have a bit more flavor but who knows, that might just take away from the delicious pastrami flavor.Definitely a must stop.Awesome place and atmosphere despite the not so awesome surroundings. Parking is a pain in the ass even though they do have a valet parking lot; its too small to meet the demands of hungry Langers fans on Saturdays. Therefore, there's always a line in front of the restaurant.The deli's decor is very 1960s-70s and the waiters and waitresses wear white button ups, a bow tie, and black apron. Very old fashioned which says a lot about the authenticity of their food. The waiters here are so nice and I even saw the owner Norm Langer once! He waved hi and smiled at me through the window while I was waiting in line. It was raining that day and he asked me if I was cold. Nice guy!And what do I recommend??#19 with a glass of langer's cream soda is the way to go!! If you want to try something else other than their pastrami, the corned beef is also good. Haven't been here for months, and man, I'm hungry for some Langers now!I don't like rye bread, so I ordered my pastrami on white egg bread.  I don't like mustard, so I had mayo.  I don't like pickles, so I told 'em to hold it.  They brought the sandwich perfect the way I like it!  Oddly enough, the Jewish folk I was with nearly had a heart attack and by the reactions I felt like I made a  major cultural and offensive faux pas by my order... but despite it all, it was a great sandwich!Simply put, the best pastrami, corned beef and rye in the United States!The pastrami here is the best.  I've been to Katz in New York, and consider myself somewhat of a pastrami connoisseur, and this place is definitely the best.  Although many people don't like the hard crust on the rye bread, I find the crust a good balance to the extremely moist pastrami.  The best part is that the pastrami is thickly sliced, and with the cheese and Russian dressing, this sandwich is the best.The cost is a bit pricey, at around $13 dollars a sandwich, but it's honestly so good that cost doesn't really matter here.  Get some chili-cheese fries with your sandwich.A lovely historic piece of what was the old times. MMost people don't realize that this was here when Downtown was  the business hub and was a rich area before places like Beverly Hills sprung up. Now, it's a bit shady of an area, but it's not that bad as some make it out to be. You aren't getting shanked during daytime, but you might have a little Mexican lady peddling frutas y chile or bootleg DVDs at you as you walk from the parking lot to the restaurant. I like that Langer's kept things OG and stayed here. I get the classic pastrami,cole slaw and russian dressing or cornbeef is pretty bomb, I like chopped liver and eggs concoction for breakfast here but my favorite is half pastrami/corned beef with half hot tongue, coleslaw,swiss and russian dressing. It's LOVE at first bite and not on the menu. It's a special request "made for Jade" sandwich...just one day I couldnt decide on a tongue sandwich or a pastrami so I asked if I can have them pile on both meats. . I think for the quality and amount of meat on there, the prices are very fair. You think about having barely a layer meat on a sub sandwich elsewhere for $6....for my $14 I am stuffed with half my sandwich and some potato salad (not included though...sandwiches are ala carte w/ 2 pickles). Steep for some, but to me the satisfaction I get from this is priceless and I can't say I found a cheaper place hold up its quality this well so the conclusion is it's good value to me. Service is very sweet and attentive here. Chatty and in good moods- I like. I really do not take for granted good service with a cheery disposition...to me, a smile means a lot. My favorite among all the other kosher delis about town. I have been craving it for months. I make my BF crazy talking about it. It is a must do whenever I'm near downtown but want one so bad that I'm going to make sure to stop in my next trip back home.I wanted to come here when I saw this restaurant on TV as one of the best NY-style-delis in the LA area.I don't think so.  Not even close.  Perhaps it's "the best" by LA standards for a NY Deli, but it certainly didn't taste anywhere close to authentic, and I was not pleased with the meal.We both ordered pastrami-dishes.  The bf had their "famous" pastrami sandwich with cole slaw and Russian dressing, and I had the pastrami plate that came with some veggies, a side of rye bread, and fries.The "famous" sandwich was the better of the two flavor profiles, though I ntoe that the sandwich was mostly cole slaw with very little pastrami (and for nearly $15 for a sandwich alone, this was pretty unacceptable to me).  Also, the pastrami is thick cut and VERY fatty.  Let me repeat this.  THE PASTRAMI IS VERY FATTY.  For a sandwich that's almost $15, includes mostly coleslaw and little meat, how can you justify charging an additional $3.50 if we want the "lean" pastrami instead?  I found this to be outrageous, ballsy, and a bad value.My pastrami plate had the same thick-cut, really really fatty meat piled next to a leaf of romaine, some tomato, a handful of baby carrots (yes, the kind from the bag in the grocery), some black olives (yes, they were from a can), and 5 cucumber slices.  The side of fries was Ore Ida (or a similar frozen-fried-variety) and was boring, uninspired, and lackluster.  The best part of the plate was the side of rye bread, sliced fresh and still warm.  The flaky crust indicated to me that they may bake their bread on-site (and it tasted that way, too), but I can't be sure. For $19, another bad deal.Also, they did not sell Black and Whites.  NY-style deli with no B&Ws?  Fail.  We had to go to Canters to get some instead (see Canters review for that little adventure).  Staff was friendly, but the food was outrageously priced for what we received, and the meat was nearing the inedible-fatty stage.  I will not be back.THE BEST PASTRAMI SAMMIE EVAR!!!!!1I was so amazed how good this was!  I never even cared for pastrami sandwiches cuz every time I had it it only tasted ok.Here's why this is the best pastrami sammie ever:The Bread - the russian rye has this crispy crust that will make crust-hatin' folks  like me out there wanna save it for last.  While crusty gives you a nice crunch, everything else about the bread is soft and fulffeh!The Pastrami Meat - It's jusiy and tender and not too salty like most pastrami sammies I've had. The thick slices have the right amount of fattiness and the portions are generous.  Not too much though :DThen you have the cheese, the russion dressing and the cole slaw that makes it go to gother oh so perfectly well!  Oh man I want one right now.Oh yeah I also had a side of Macaroni salad...that was pretty tasty too :]Parking is a bit tricky...on a Saturday there is a $5 parking all day fee across the street.  Ignore locals who try to sell you fake IDs, heh.  I wish this place opened Sundays.favorite deli and they definitely live up to their reputation. One cannot fail with the #19, get it normal with Rye. I'm sure their options are great as well. Ever since my first visit, Ive ordered the kishka w/ gravy. It is delicious. The taste is similar to stuffing. And as my waiter described it, "its like 99% fat and delicious"The only downside to it all is that most of LA knows about this place and they are willing to wait in line for it. Worth itas good as it gets.  for real.Oy Vey!  Don't  my fellow yelpers know that pastrami should have a good amt of fat thru it to make it  taste as outstanding as it does at LANGERS !!   This old time Jewish Deli gives you a feeling like you are  in  New York  or Chicago back in the 50's .. (including the old adorable  white haired waitress who has worked there for years -and the tall, thin red head who reminds you of Flo from Mel's diner on the old tv show  Alice.. Both of them are soo cool- know how to wait on a table blindfolded and can run rings around any young kid today- lets say they work hard for the money!!The east coast Jews knew how to make a sandwich -no skimping-piled high with juicy, flavorful corned beef, pastrami, etc..  thick crusted REAL rye bread, not like  the thin no taste rye bread from the supermarket.  And......LANGERS in LA knows the rules of the best sandwich making too.   So, please, if you haven't  eaten  in a good Jewish deli -with authentic meats and bread, don't  say there is fat on the meat and don't say the bread is too thick.. CAUSE that is how it is supposed to be.!!! If you want a poor excuse for a  Pastrami sandwich- then go to one of those fast food places that have the nerve to have on their billboard  Pastrami- right next to Tacos' and hamburgers ! Uggh !!!And guess what- I'm not even Jewish- but I know a good sandwich when I eat it !!!   And BTW -the garlic pickles are great, and the Matzo ball chicken soup ain't bad either!!!Try it -you'll like it- trust me !!!Parking: We were so overwhelmed with the traffic that we parked at the first meter we saw. After we put money in the meter, we realized that langer's had it's own parking lot at the corner of 7th and Westlake. Area: The area was quite busy. As soon as we got out of our car, a hispanic guy came up to us and asked "ID? you need ID?" It was quite hilarious. Decor/ambiance:The restaurant had a bit of that old school 50's diner feel to it. Foodies: 1. #19 pastrami, swiss cheese, russian style dressing ($14.45). This dish was featured on the "the best thing i ever ate"The meat of the sandwich is the thick-sliced, tender pastrami. It's sugar-cured gave it a caramelized sweetness that really gives the pastrami an extra flavor. The cheese is your standard slice of swiss and complements the meat subtly. Their russian dressing is a bit like thousand island but softer and more muted. The rye bread was quite soft and the crust had a crispness that adds to the many textures. It's very pricey but it was enough for us to share. 2. Large fries ($3.50). We had order a side a fries and didn't realize there were two different sizes to choose from. If not requested, they automatically give you the larger size. The fries were more crispy than average and was very filling. Service: Our waitress, Eve, was super nice and came around the table several times to make sure we were enjoying our lunch.Pretty much the LA Deli G.O.A.T.  Best Pastrami I've ever had.  The "Famous Cream Cake" is OK....but the spectacle is the hot pastrami.The only problem....the place closes at 4 PM.OK, This is not a place that deserves 4.5 stars. First of all this is in the straight up hood. My friend and I felt unsafe in this area. We didn't even eat in the restaurant because we didn't want to walk back to a missing car. We parked 1 block away and witnessed a drug deal halfway to Langer's in broad day light! Btw, if you want a fake ID they are also available on this block. "Fake ID. Fake ID" ;PThis place was extremely pricey. My friend said, who in this area can afford to pay for a $15 sandwich? I thought it might be a nice big meaty sandwich but it was actually really small. We ordered a Hot Pastrami dip on french bread, It was about 7 inches long and 3.5 inches wide. The sandwiches at Quizno's are bigger for 1/3 of the price! The plus is it came with sealed pickles and sealed chili peppers.The Hot pastrami was really peppery. bread was plain. Wasn't anything special about it. The Au Ju was really dark which looked a little weird. Anyhow, I think this place is really over rated and EXTREMELY over priced. I wouldn't risk my life to come here for a mediocre sandwich.But I have to include: Trying Langer's was the most memorable experience I had this Los Angeles trip.Look people, if you really want to experience the real L.A., then you need to take the subway to MacArthur Park, peruse the goods of the nearby Central American flea markets, and stop in to Langer's for the #19.For those of you who don't want to scuff up your Bruno Maglis, Langer's has curbside service that's fast, convenient, and friendly.    Just call in your order and show up on the 7th street curb right in front of the deli at the agreed upon time and take your #19 home with you.  And believe it or not, it travels very well!Best pastrami in Los Angeles. You really want to fully appreciate the meat here, so order it plain on rye. I ended up just pulling the slices of meat off the sandwich because all I want to taste is the pastrami perfection in its purest form. It is that good and it just might be the best in the country, but unfortunately I will never have the chance to compare it side-by-side with Katz's succulent New York pastrami. What was great about this place is that I just wanted to pick up the sandwich and bring it home, and they made this process as easy and efficient as possible. I called as I was driving over, placed my order, and they asked what car I was driving and how I would be paying and exactly how much cash I would be giving. 15 minutes later I pulled up on the corner at 7th street and made the transaction from my car, he handed me my exact change and sandwich and I was on my way. So tasty, so flavorful, get yourself to Langer's. I dare you to find me a better pastrami this side of the Mississippi.I give this place 4.5 stars.Better than Katz in NY?  I think not.  But they're different.BEST IN LA, by far.We came for a late lunch around 2 pm, and though the place was packed, we didn't have to wait longer than 5 minutes to be seated (I imagine that the place has a long line during normal lunch hours).We sat and ordered their most popular sandwich - #19 with the pastrami, swiss cheese, and cole slaw.  We were also swayed by what we saw on the other tables, so we added an order of chili cheese fries and a strawberry shake to our order.*DROOL*Everything was DELICIOUS.  If we had known, we would have asked for our bread toasted, which we'll definitely try next time!A must try in LA, no doubt.Langer's is awesome!I ordered a pastrami on rye with coleslaw and swiss cheese to-go. Overall, really delicious and fresh. The pastrami was clean and had that smokey yet crispy taste to it. The rye bread perfectly balances the pastrami and the creamyness of the coleslaw. Oh, and the cold pickle just seals the deal! Ahh, I'm in pastrami heaven! The service is super friendly and reminiscent of any mom-and-pop's diner. I wish I could come here more often! Too bad it's $13 a sandwich! (But I had half for lunch and the other half for dinner!)Quick tip: if you're dining in, you can order half sandwiches in addition to any whole sandwich order.My first pastrami dip and I really liked it. There are few things that are as heartily tasty as this dish. It's a pricey sandwich, but worth it, I think. The wait-staff is old-school, no-nonense, but you are kind of expecting it in this bustling diner and wouldn't have it any other way. The ambiance in and outside is kind of like the left behind parts of New York's Midtown East, but far more bustling. The pickle was kind of soggy and the fries were ho-hum, so just go straight at the sandwich!It's a little slice of heaven. It's not just the pastrami, it's the way I am treated as a customer, it's the atmosphere as well as its location in a vibrant immigrant community.  Any excuse I can make to have lunch there, I will. Even with my allergy to wheat, I'll still eat their pastrami sandwiches at my own risk. THAT'S how much I love the place.I'm from New York, as many reviewers are & simply, the best pastrami sandwich in the world, is at Langer's.  Being from the SFValley, it's not the most convenient place to get to, so we run down during the day, call ahead with our order & they run it out to the curb to us & take our credit card. When I have friends from New York in, Langer's is where we go, then I don't have to hear anymore bull from them about the food or the water out here in L.A. Sure they have a full menu, but the pastrami is the where it's at.I came here on a Friday afternoon famished after having spent the morning in Santa Monica and at the Grove.  Despite being in a not so great neighborhood, it was swarming w/ people throughout, which is no surprise considering the buzz  and reputation surrounding this place.  Upon entering, I felt like I had gone back in time 30+ years.  The interior has an incredibly cozy, inviting, and lively atmosphere which is partly why I love the 'diner' setting so much.  I bet they haven't changed a thing at this place for decades!The menu here is enormous, offering everything from breakfast to hot sandwiches and entrees.  I quickly found out that here it's all about one thing... the Pastrami sandwiches!!  My friend ordered their most popular sandwich, #19 pastrami, swiss cheese, and cole slaw w/ a russian dressing.  I had the #1 pastrami w/ cole slaw and russian dressing.  We also ordered a chili cheese fries which were delicious.  The pastrami sandwich was sooooo good.  I loved the rye bread, which was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside, and held up incredibly to the huge sandwich w/o falling apart.  The pastrami was immensely tender and flavorful, and I really liked the russian dressing which added a lot of complexity to the taste.  The pickles on the side provided a great crunch and contrast to the soft pastrami.  Everyone owes it to themselves to come here and try the pastrami.  Sure, your heart might slow down for a short time afterwards, but it's worth it for this experience,  you'll be one happy camper all day after one of these!BEST SANDWICH EVER.The #19 - Pastrami, is a perfect sandwich. Delicious pastrami and rye bread that is soft and tasty on the inside and crunchy on the outside. None better.It wasn't until I was in my late twenties that I finally came to Langer's which was really an eye opener. Good food and service with pricey, yet completely worth it sandwiches. I can never give Langer's a 5 though. It doesn't deserve it! Parking is a pain. They close at four. The natives can be filthy and ask for money or hand you flyers as if you were in Vegas. Other than that, a slice of heaven. No. 44 No. 16Try those two for a good time. They're top choices and won't let you down. The parking for the explorers and first timers is found east of Langers across the street. You have to walk to the block Langers is on from it. If it's full then just go home because you'll be too upset to eat after scouring for a parking spot. There is curbside pickup but I've never tried it. That's the way to go if you come at peak hours. I had the blintzies (sp) recently and those were quite a surprise. Sugar coated desserts with cream filling I believe. This is a place everyone in LA should go to just once for obvious reasons.1) LA staple. 2) Jewish deli (west coast). 3) Best Pastrami sandwich. 4) Old LA vibe. 5) Glowing reviews.. etc.Best deli in LA...and not just because they have a fountain cream soda that blows away Dr. Brown's!I've been to 'em all from Beverly Hills to the SFV, and am a total corned beef/pastrami connoisseur--and I find myself always returning to Langer's when I need some deli. The fact that it's closer to my home than most others is also a benefit.Nothing falls short. The meats are always perfect (rivaled only by Factor's, maybe). The breads are without a doubt the best in LA. Service is awesome. The vibe is also pleasant (not like that snobatorium, Nate 'n Al's). Even the fries (that I always get with a side of gravy) are outstanding.Even the parking is a plus. Parking at Canter's, Factor's, etc., is usually a pain, but Langer's has a free parking lot one block east on 7th Street.Fresser's Special SandwichPastrami, Corned Beef, Tongue, Swiss Cheese, & Turkey w/ Lettuce, Tomato, & Russian Style Dressing. You want to try it all, that is the sandwich to get. Did I mention they have their own cream soda! So good.DO it DO IT dooooo ittt.....! Best Deli style sandwiches in Los Angeles! How good? Well there is a line out the door if you go during the busy lunch hour (12 - 1:00) First time I went, my buddy Todd and I met over there, I needed to use the restroom (upstairs) so he said "ill grab a table". The only 2 seats in the house were at the bar area so I had a seat... It took me about 3 minutes to realize the person sitting to my left was a homeless bag lady... I was shocked!!! These are like $10 - $15 sandwiches!!! If a homeless lady will drop that kind of $$$ on a Pastrami Sandwich I knew I was in for something AMAZING! IT WAS THE BEST IVE HAD and I take as many people as I can over there, each with the same response....OMFG THIS IS AMAZING!The next time a New Yorker tells you that you can't get a good deli sandwich in Los Angeles... First,  them to go back to their soot filled & rat infested island of stink & filth, while we pick fruit from our trees, surf & golf in the winter. OK, I feel much better now.   Anyway, then take them to Langer's and order the hot pastrami with swiss and extra russian dressing on the side.Super crowded (at lunchtime anyway) place in a deteriorating area by MacArthur Park (don't come by after dark unless you're looking for drug deals in the neighborhood, and even then, bring a gun), friendly if a bit rushed service, which is no surprise with all these customers coming and going, validated free parking for 90 minutes a block away (remember to bring that gun?), food is good if not especially plentiful as it seems almost everything is a la carte, but insanely expensive for what you get. Langer's has been around a long time and is worth a visit to say you've been there and had a decent tasting meal, but good value? Not really. P.S. Though ok here, the cole slaw at the Pantry downtown is far better.3.75 stars! Yes, .25 because it's really pricey and difficult to go to if you don't live in the area and you can't get off work early.Impeccably clean area, loved the counter. He ordered the Pastrami with Swiss sandwich, hold the rye and go with wheat bread. Delish and large tender sweet slices of pastrami. I never knew I could like pastrami this much. :) The pickle was quite good too.Okay, everything about this place is great, except the $17.00 bill for a sandwich... ugh... really ... really??? =( And 4pm closing time? les sigh....The absolute best pastrami sandwich that I have had in Los Angeles.  This is an OLD diner, and the folks who work here have been here for a LONG time.  I absolutely love the pastrami on rye with russian dressing and coleslaw and a pickle on the side.  Sure, other things on the menu may look good, but when you have the choice to have the best pastrami off Broadway, it is hard to order anything else.And people, this place is across the street from MacArthur Park.  Don't be surprised when you arrive to a somewhat sketchy area.  (I had a friend who could not believe I would send her to such a place for the best pastrami sandwich, but she had to agree.)Really, is there any debate of where the best pastrami sandwich in LA is?Langers has plenty of negatives:- Lousy neighborhood- Closes early- Not open on Sunday- Rest of the menu only okayBut the pastrami alone is worth treking out to. Five stars for the pastrami itself - otherwise, its maybe 2 stars...The Pastami was HANDS DOWN AWESOME.But I've never had such bad food poisoning.No. 19 Sandwich: Pastrami, swiss, cole slaw, russian dressing on Rye. Best pastrami you might have on the west coast, and soft, puffy rye bread with the subtlest scent of licorice, crunchy cabbage slaw and creamy, velvety sauce.French fries: crinkle cut. perfectly crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside.Pancakes: fluffy, tender, and flaky, served with *gasp* melted butter and syrup.Don't get their "grandma's strawberry shortcake". Skip this and go to dairy queen.The first three things I mentioned are worth going to Langer's for anyway, time after time after time. What else do you need? Nothing. And i recommend two diners per plate. The portions are unreasonably large. (And get yourself a Langer's panda bear as a souvenir. $5 and the cutest little guy you've ever met.)WOW what a sandwich! enough said. Seriously.It doesn't have the legend of Meg Ryan faking some, but this jewish deli is as good as any I've tried. Every element of the pastrami sandwich is fantastic, especially the russian dressing. The egg cremes could be better but they're not terrible. Bonus points for being a one stop shop for both lunch and a fake ID.Such a little off beat place in LA. It looks like it is straight from the midwest in its overly dated interior and wait staff uniforms. With that said, the menu is seems like it is a Sears catalog, as it is cramped with every imaginable item!We ordered a grilled cheese and a pastrami sandwich......the grilled cheese may have had a half pound of melted cheese in it.....tasted good, if it wasn't for the feared constipation I would later endure. The pastrami....I don't eat meat, so I can't say personally, but it looked like they just threw a cow right between two pieces of bread.As I was craving for a deli sandwich, I yelped the nearest but yet highly rated deli.  After I cam across Langer's, my initial reaction to location was bit sketchy, but then again, it was 2pm.  What the hell, I wanted to get some fresh air. As I try to place the order, they didn't have a menu board, missing, but yet intriguing.  After reading couple of reviews, Pastrami was the way the go, so I had it to-go.  Back to my office on my motorcycle and a tantilizing sandwich in front of my gas tank.  I was anxious to get back to take a bite, but the traffic back to k-town was getting gnarly.  As I started weaving between cars, excitement was building as I got closer to my office.  I normally don't weave,  but food and golfing does this to me.As I opend up the sandwich, it was still warm, and noticed the outer crust of the rye.  As I'm taking bite after bite, the meat just melts in your mouth.  As I'm eating, I'm also reading more Yelp reviews of Langer's, bite after bite, the reviews were amazingly acurrate.  Finely curred meat along with soft bread on the inside and crusty on the outside.  Texture of the sandwich had its own flavor, kinda like calling Kleenex instead of tissue.  This pastrami stands on its own.  If they had a taste test, I could pick this sandwich out of a crowd.  As I consumed the last bit of the sandwich, i know exactly what my predecessors were writing about, Mmmmm... goooood... and not too filling.  I knew I ate a good sandwich, especially as i eat the pastrami bits and crumbs left over on the butcher paper which they wrap their sandwich in.  This place is up there with Bay City Deli.The boyfriend wanted a Pastrami sammich, I wanted a Hot Dog.  The only possible solution was Langer's.  Rode the Metrol Purple Line to MacArthur Park of Doom, walked across the street and waiting in line for 30 minutes to get his sandwhich.  The line wrapped around the building, a little much waiting for my chubby legs.  But, when we were finally able to order, I was told that hot dogs werent part of the whole Langer's thing.  Goodie...because I really wanted one of them totally unsanitary bacon wrapped Hot Dogs made by the Pisa lady outside, with the outdoor make-shit grill made of butane and a cookie sheet.  He got his sammich to go and I got my hot dog from the Pisa Lady outside with the baby suckling from her teet as she served me up (totally serious, BTW).He loved his sammich and came back the next day with his buddies for another.  I, on the other hand, got diarrea.  I shoulda went with Langers myself...One of my friends from college actually lives right around this place, and I'd never heard of it. But it's too expensive. $14 for some slop that I could find half the price? With side and drink, $20+? Plus, the ingredients are not fresh. In Beverly Hills, this would be tolerated but the joint is also located in a dump which I know for a fact is considerably cheaper for rent.Also, if you do come here, be warned that the area is really musty. It is old, run-down, and constantly crowded due to the high number of businesses and apartment buildings.first stop of our food tour. went with the tried and true, #19 pastrami. their pastrami is good, just not my number one. the title still goes to Katz's Delicatessen in NY. I do have to say that the pastrami with chopped liver is my favorite sandwich that they offer. the chopped liver adds just a creamy goodness to the saltiness of the pastrami. definitely a must have when you go.If you haven't eaten at Langer's you are either:A) New in town.B) Don't have any Jewish friends that truly like you.C) Have East Coast friends who refuse to acknowledge that there is pastrami worth eating outside of the 5 Boroughs. (Well, f*ck them!)Goddamn the #19 is good- worth two meals- but you will wind-up eating every mouthful. Get a cream sodaIf you are new-  use the lot When you dine here, don't be a self-centered asshole, bring home some pastrami and a couple of loaves of rye bread.  If you have to go back to work, then just the rye.The best pastrami in Los Angeles period!!!! I've tried all the hyped out spots; Johnny's in Culver City, Johnny's in the hood on Adams, The Hat, The Dip, Arry's, Eastside Market, etc etc etc. None can compare, they actually make the pastrami, along with everything else here, from scratch. None of that greasy, stringy, run of the mill pastrami that all the "best" spots seem to all use. I kind of like the fact that this place is in MacArthur Park, the parking sucks, their hours suck, their prices are high, and there's only this one in the city. Overcoming all of those obstacles just to get a #19 makes it taste that much better once you finally get it in your hands. If I had 24 hours to live, I'm definitely stopping by here, assuming it's not Sunday!!!All I can say is....Pastrami on rye with russian dressing.DAMN GOOD SANDWICH!I would give it 5 stars just for the pastrami alone but I have to do more research.Tried this for the first time today, I am extremely satisfied with my meal. I enjoyed the Pastrami French Dip, and chilli cheese fries, and was I ever satisfied. The pastrami was delicious and flavorful, coupled with the ajue and it was flavor city.I hope to go back soon and try the other dishes perhaps even the #19 which is said to be even better. I cant imagine that being the case...Focker Out...don't bother.Pastrami sandwich barely resembles the picture. They've cut way way back.This is a ratty area. Don't leave anything in your car. If their parking lot is full...which it is around lunchtime, forget it.I wish I could give it ten stars.  This was, hands down, the most amazing "sandwich" experience I've ever had.  I write "sandwich" in quotes because I don't really eat bread.  I love carbs, but stay away from them.  It takes alot to get me to eat them, too.  But the look of that rye bread, all fried crispy (and I knew they must have done it in butter) and making my mouth water was too much for my willpower to handle.  At least for 4 bites, at which point I stepped away and got it back.  Is was everything and more than what I thought it could be.  And I enjoyed every morsel in those 4 bites on bread.The place had a line out the door when we arrived, and a very unhappy, but cute, woman walked the line and took our names to be seated.  We were probably the 10th group (of 2) but the line moved extremely fast.  When the couple in front of us decided not to wait, and then I had the chance to taste heaven, I could only think what magnificence they'd missed and wept for their misfortune at likely eating at an establishment far inferior.Once seated, all I could see was happy, smiling, chomping customers.  They didn't need to speak.  Their full mouths were enough to convince me that I was about to embark on a culinary journey I'd never witness again!I seriously can't tell you how unbelievable this pastrami is and I have NEVER ordered a pastrami sandwich in my life.  Have I had pastrami?  Sure.  But this..this, people...I just....I can't even write anymore.You just have to go.  You just have to.#19 please!The rye bread crust was super hard. No bueno. I peeled off the crust immediately. The meat was tasty but the rest of the ingredients in the sammie made it hard to really taste the pastrami flavor.Overall, Katz's is way better but alas it's on the East Coast :( Too bad Langer's...Ohh yeah, their parking lot was full so we had to pay for parking :( BOO!If it's your first time up in this joint, I highly suggest the number 19.  It's the basic sandwich that will satisfy your beefy pastrami needs. If it's your second time up in this joint, I suggest the number 19... and the third... and the fourth.  Basically, you can't go wrong with the number 19, but I don't think you can go wrong with any pastrami combo on the menu.  Let me tell you, the bread is to DIE for, and it's double baked so the crust has an extra crunch and chew, my fave.  I came here at the tail end of the day, 30 minutes to closing. Salvador, our waiter was SO nice to our nit picky party of 5 ladies. We were asking questions about EVERYTHING and he just went with the flow, answered our questions and did it with a smile on his face.  But forget about the waitstaff, although he was just a dear- let's talk about the important stuff- the food.Everybody except for 2 ordered the number 19, and one ordered it "extra lean" even when it was extra lean, (which it really was) it was still delicious. Another person ordered a pastrami omelet which was AH-mazing as well, and one person who is, unfortunately (haha) a vegetarian ordered the potato pancakes (bomb) and the matzo ball soup (bomb).  Everything we ordered was delicious.  The sandwiches were huge too, so you can easily share one sandwich and be full (but you shouldn't..just eat the WHOLE thing, give into gluttony) Beware, they close super early at 4, so come by way before that! I can't wait to come back here again and buy some rye bread to take home with me so I can nomnom it in the car on the long drive back to the IE.A dream come true.Me and my friend probably annoyed the hell out of a lot of people who saw us keep talking about this mystical place expressing our yearning to devour some juicy pastrami we've heard about.The time finally came this Saturday. After being a little blind sided by the neighborhood even though I knew it was next to MacArthur Park, I found parking around the corner. They apparently do have a lot that can be validated for the first hour, but I parked on the street. The lot is just one block down on the corner of Westlake and 7th st. I was scared something would happen to my car, but I parked next to a Lexus, so I was hoping that would be the first go go. It's not an awful area, but definitely would be sketchy at night, which is why I now understand the hours of this place.Now let's get down to what really matters. I got the famous #19 while one of my friends got the corned beef and another got the #1, which is basically the #19 without cheese (you don't want her to have cheese). Anyways, the food came out and it was just what I imagined. The pastrami was thick cut, which I am usually not a fan of, but b/c it was so tender and delicious, you really couldn't tell Then the meatyness of that contrasted with the coleslaw and the russian dressing. Perfection.  They even give you a little side of russian dressing in case you want more.  What really made this sandwich though was the fresh rye bread that was so soft. I could eat that bread plain for days. Plus after a little bit, it soaks up the juices, but doesn't get too soggy and the sandwich just blends into this cohesive heavenly mold.As for the other stuff, the corned beef was good and simple. Usually I'm not a big fan of sauerkraut, but it wasn't too overwhelming in this sandwich. We all definitely enjoyed it, but the star of the show was definitely the pastrami.  My friend also ordered a side of fries, which were pretty standard fries, but a nice addition to the sandwich.The only downfall was the price, which was $14.45 I believe for the #19, but it was such a good sandwich, it's hard to complain. I really don't understand the price especially since the area it's in isn't that great. I doubt the rent is that much, but whatever.To end on a good note, don't sell yourself short, get Langers!I'm not a fan of pastrami, but decided to check out Langers for their 65th anniversary...they were giving away free #19s...so why not? Color me impressed! Loved their pastrami sandwich! It's a pretty hefty portion...easily shared between 2 people. Add an order of fries & a coke and you're good to go! Granted, the sammy will set you back $15, not to mention the fries & coke...but hey, if it's a good pastrami sammy you're after, then indulge a bit. Mad props to Langers for making this event a successs. You'd think a free order during lunchtime on a Saturday would be mad chaotic, but in reality, it was so seamless. I was super impressed. Props to the organizers and staff :)Eff you Johnnie's!  You with your fluffy, empty pastrami, and my man Langer's with his cured, seasoned, slowly smoked, spice rubbed beefy goodness.  How is there even comparison?  Langer's trumps all for pastrami.  Period.#19 ($13.45).  Period.OK, maybe I want to comment some more before I hit post.  This is how good it is:So good that I drove down right after I got my pearly whites cleaned at my dentist downtown and proceeded to get pastrami and rye bread all up in them teef.So good that I busted an illegal U on Alvarado (no left turn from 7 to 7) so I could get some parking.  So good that I didn't mind walking a block from the parking lot (Westlake and 7th, Langer's validates an hour) down a dirty ass urine-smelling street with gross-o men staring (What?!  What what what?!).  Although, in the future, if there is street parking available and I'm just going in for take-out, I'll drop a quarter and get 30 min parking closer.So good that after I picked up the sandwich and left the parking lot, I pulled over a block from the lot so I could tear into the sandwich,  I don't think the DASH bus behind me was too pleased, but I'm sure driver dude would've understood if he recognized the pastrami sandwich.So good that I actually made some moaning noises and exhaled like I was getting something good.  And no, I don't usually make noise while I eat.  Now I'm back at the office eating the second half of the sandwich trying my darndest to stay quiet.So good.  Period.Maybe I was too weird, but I had order Pastrami French Dip in this place.  It was a pretty good meal I had.  My boss, the clownish one in West LA ordered a Tenderloin steak.  Ay Caramba!  This place reminded me alot about Roman Polanski's Chinatown when I saw this deli. I knew they would be popular with pastrami, but I just didn't know how popular it really was.  The menu was pretty unique where nothing but Pastrami was mentioned.  Maybe I'll go next time to try #19, which seemed to be the most famous selection.My first pastrami experience was here at Langers, and now this is the ONLY place I'll ever go to for Pastrami...it's become an office routine. We'll pass around the menu, phone in the orders (I get the #10: Pastrami with Coleslaw & Russian Dressing on Rye or the #19 which is the same but with swiss cheese), pull up to the curb with a $100 bill and someone will be ready with our orders with exact change, as we make a quick trade through the passenger side window. Love it...better than a drive thru and totally worth the horrific calories and mega fatty pounds.They grill the rye bread to perfection, with a slight crispy crunch in every bite (esp. the crust, yum!). I hate coleslaw, but somehow it really meshes well with the pastrami, and I seriously savor every bite. Oh, don't forget the pickles! Nothing special about the pickles, but they just go together! The meat as most reviewers have already described is quite tender and thickly cut, so this ain't no weaksauce, ghetto version of pastrami, it's the real deal, the perfect meal to fix a sandwich craving. Long live Langers (por favor)!!!Outside of New york you probably cannot get better pastrami.  The slices are thick cut, which makes it more flavorful.  My only criticism of this place is that the hours are limited to breakfast and lunch only and the prices are a bit on the outrageous side.  Parking is a hassle too, but then again it is downtown LA..Breakfast there is good too.  Really nice begals and lox.They are really big on putting russian dressing on everything and their rye bread with russian dressing is excellent.  But I typically order turkey and bacon with tomato and russian.  Because the tomato and bacon are extra it jacks up the price to $18 for the sandwich.  Not cheap but you cannot argue with the quality.A word of caution -- their big seller is pastrami with russian dressing.  don't you dare put anything other than mustard on your pastrami sandwich.  It is simply not done.  I strongly caution you to resist the temptation to order it that way.  Pastrami is a cured meat that is so flavorful it deserves to be treated with some respect by not overpowering its flavor with a heavy dressing.  Also it is sinful to put mayo on pastrami.  There is an old saying "every time someone puts mayo on pastrami a jew dies."  My people have suffered enough because of you gentiles so leave our pastrami alone!4.5 stars...I'll make it quick.I highly dislike pastrami sandwiches- this one was amazing...just try it.Well priced.- I'm usually a big eater and the half sandwich/half soup combo filled me up pretty well (with a side of shared fries).The matzo ball soup was great.The french fries were krinkle cut, tasted pretty good, but only a little better than ones you'd buy and bake in the oven.The rugula was more like mini coffee cake with barely any fruit filling - sort of disappointing.Overall seems to be far better than canter's except for the bakery and the business hours.We've been to New York -- Katz, Carnegie, Artie's, Stage, amongst others -- & back. . .& The Pastrami Winner is: LANGER'S. Aside from being a famous L.A. landmark, don't let the exterior & surrounding neighborhood scare you off.  Once inside, you will definitely feel the ambiance of an old-time deli.  Upon arrival, we always request for Evelyn's table. She's a fun, enthusiastic, elder waitress who definitely adds to Langer's history.Our favorites are the popular #19: Pastrami, Swiss Cheese & Coleslaw with Russian Style Dressing, as is.  And #54: Pastrami & Corned Beef Combo customed ordered as #54, double the pastrami, grilled, & dressing on the side.  Although, their prices are on the higher end for a "sandwich" & not as large as New York's (or $$), once you consider their cut of meat & quality, your sandwich will taste a whole lot better.  BTW, they make their very own Langer's Cream Soda.And, lastly, their Curb-Side service was pretty fast & convenient with parking right in front of the establishment.  Happy Pastrami =)Ok, for some reason I can never find the supposed parking in the rear... so I always end up parking on the street...  ($0.25 for an hour, what a steal... or course I risk my car getting stolen too!)  the area is definitely a little unsavory... but the pastrami... oh...my goodness... this is the prime rib of pastrami.... so good a New Yorker recommended it to me.  I love the vacuum sealed pickles although I hardly ever eat it.  I honestly didn't know how bad the area was until my friend started to point things out to me.  Ignorance is bliss I suppose, but since now I know, I'll just order it curbside.I came back the next day for their # 19Great Sandwich, less good service, but who cares I don't have to eat with the waitress anyway.Took a lot of effort and courage to come to this place. First off this restaurant isn't located in a very safe neighborhood and saying no to everyone that passes you by is a must. People were shouting from every corner "ID, id id id....." , a guy comes up to me and ask, "want to buy an ID?" i said, "no, i'm 29, but thanks" after going through all that i finally reached Langer's. Sat down right away and didn't expect much since i had really good deli sandwiches in New York. I ordered the pastrami on rye bread and was given extra pickles. The pickles were delicious and when the pastrami came it tasted as good as the places i've eaten in new york. I'm glad this place is around since the deli's around California are not that great.7th & Alvarado are you effin kidding me?!?! Traffic sucks, no left turns during the week and if it wasn't for their private parking lot one block east on 7th then parking would be a bitch. But, I digress.Langers is the place you go where everybody knows your name. At least that was the impression I got. Just like any other great deli, Langers is expensive. I had no problem forking over 25.00 (tip included) for a pastrami dip, coleslaw and a drink. The pastrami is excellent, as was their coleslaw. Hell, even the diet coke tasted amazing. Barbara, my server said I came at the perfect time. About 30 minutes before closing on a Friday. Apparently, the place gets crowded from around 11:30 - 2:00 pm and weekends are a madhouse.OK, let's talk corned beef sandwiches. I first went to Langer's Deli in mid-September 2010--mostly because of tips from fellow Yelpers--and though Langer's is famous for Pastrami, I had the hot corned beef sandwich. No sauerkraut, no cole slaw, just hot corned beef on rye (with Gulden's mustard). Holy cow! The corned beef is so moist and tender. The bread is fresh baked and sliced when you place your order. It is soft (SOFT!) on the inside and really crunchy on the outside. I love Canter's, but I have to say Langer's beats them in the corned beef on rye department (though I will admit Canter's gives you a sandwich--taller, but smaller--for less money). But that's okay. Langer's sandwich is big enough for me. And the flavor is...well, it's the best damned hot corned beef sandwich I've ever had!This review is not about anything else at Langer's. That's because I can't stop myself from ordering the corned beef every time I go.The garlicky pickels are great, the cole slaw (on the side) is good. The potato salad and macaroni salad were nothing special.And I love the kugel!Finally, the service is very friendly and professional. First class! I'll add that in the many times I've been there, I've had a number of different servers. Every one of them has been courteous, helpful and friendly. And the manager is very professional and has a great way with people. I love this place!My Langer's Obsession Counter: 32 VISITS SINCE 09/14/10Nom nom nom. Was just here this past weekend, came with a group of friends (party of 8). * they only seat you once everyone arrives. We arrived just in time, there was no line, no wait at all. As a matter of fact, they were setting up the lines to prep for a crowd. I has my usual #19, Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Cole Slaw, & Russian Dressing on Rye Bread ($14.45). YUM! And the bf normally gets the same as me, but decided to got something new, #88: Hot Corned Beef, Sauerkraut and Swiss Cheese on Grilled Rye Bread. Both sandwiches are delicious, served in big potion, couldn't finish it had to take the rest of it home. We also order a side of chili cheese fries, pretty good as well.Customer services was great, our waitress was very nice and friendly. She was very attentive, made sure we were taken care of. None of our cups were ever empty. We made sure to tip her very generously. Parking is down the street, corner of Westlake and 7th St, remember to get the parking ticket stamped. You get 90 mins free. Parking spaces are rather small, very VERY compact.Will for sure definitely go back, I am crossing my fingers, hoping it soon. :)All you need to know, #19: Pastrami, coleslaw, and swiss, on rye.My friend came here for the first time and ordered a roast beef sandwich. What's up with that?Number 19!!One of the very first things you notice when you come here (besides it being packed to the gills) is that all of the wait staff are wearing t-shirts emblazoned with "Number 19" on the back.  Savvy diners will have done their research and learned that Number 19 refers to the pastrami, cole slaw and swiss on rye bread.The menu is initially daunting, but you come to realize that there are a lot of variations on a theme.  And that theme is pastrami and corned beef!  Lots of it!!What sets Langer's apart from places like Johnny's Pastrami is that Langer's pastrami is texturally more like corned beef brisket.  Instead of the chewy rubbery pastrami that you might be used to, Langer's pastrami is cut thick and breaks apart very nicely when you bite into it.  The only strange thing is I don't know if you can really call this pastrami.  But who cares what you call it, it tastes damn great!!!I had to have the Number 19, and it lived up to the hype.  The rye had a nice flavor, a soft interior and a super crunchy, almost fried-textured crust.  The Russian dressing was tasty without being overpowering, the coleslaw was mildly sweet, and the Swiss cheese was cut to a perfect thickness.  And of course the pastrami was incrediblelicious.We ordered some fries and though they were of the crinkle cut variety, my son remarked that they tasted like McDonalds!!My son opted for Number 1 which was Number 19 without Swiss.  My wife opted for the plain white bread, which was a hoagie roll and mated well with the pastrami.  My daughter wanted the noodle soup and she enjoyed it.Our waitress was an old German lady and she was lively and fun.  Service was really good and our food came out quick.  I really have nothing bad to say about this place and would go back in a heartbeat.I know its sacrilegious, but I love the "rueben" with pastrami more.  Incredibly tasty pastrami and perfectly grilled bread on the old No. 44.  The fries are also addicting.  We ordered a small to share between three - and, I admit, there some polite jockeying for position at the end there.#19 = the best sandwich in life.I had it on Saturday for lunch, its Monday and I'm still thinking about it.Thick slices of the softest rye bread, and the most tender pastrami- cured in brown sugar, so it falls apart like a brisket- complimented by the thing slice of swiss cheese, fresh cole slaw, and some pickles on the side.This is an amazing sandwich experience. The location is really crappy, but the second you bite into that perfection, you're not worried about your car being broken into for a split second.The absolute "holy grail" of pastrami!!!!  Sorry Katz's, Stage and all the other NYC deli's ... it's better!!!  I agree with New Yorker magazine and if you have a sophisticated pallet you will too!!!!I know the #19 or #23 is the most popular, but at some point you have to go "baseline" pastrami.  and baseline pastrami is Rye Bread, Mustard and Pastrami and that's it.... I'll take it one step further and say yellow mustard if you really want to do it right!After that go for the add ons like kraut, grilled, russian dressing or slaw.  But once you "free base" it youll never go back!Jewish people enjoy Asian cuisine.  On Saturday, I found out first-hand  Asians pay the respect back by eating good Jewish deli food too.  I went to Langer's in Little Mexico.  It is the third major Jewish deli in Angel City.  It is also the third that I've frequented in my 6 months here.The reason for why I love Langer's and why it blew my mind away has nothing to do with the food at all (which is decent), but was the ambiance.Langer's is stuck in the middle of a large Hispanic community, but once inside there is no Latino patron in sight.There isn't any Jewish or non-Jewish white customer either.The majority of the customers chomping on pastrami and corned beef sandwiches and downing matzo ball soup were Asians.  This view was new to me.  No matter what Jewish deli I have been to around the nation, it was always a homogeneous Caucasian crowd.  This is not the case inside Langer's.The scene of the Los Angeles Asian community in a Jewish Deli in the heart of Little Mexico was a beautiful thing.  What put the cherry on top was my waitress.  She was not Asian.  She was not American either.  She was an 88-year-old Scottish woman with the heaviest drunken Scotswoman accent you've ever heard in your life.  This entire experience was nothing short of magical.One #19 sandwich, order of fries and a Diet Coke: $19.76That alone was enough to have me chanting all the way home: "This better be good!"  And by good I meant, knock-me-down-and-rape-me-slap-my-ass-and-call-me-­Sally good!  Ok that may be stretching it a bit.Definitely one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've had anywhere.  I and I have had me from here to NYC.  Langers gets extra points for the yummy krinkle cut fries of which I was given a ton!  I gave over half of them to two of my co-workers and stil had more than I could eat.The negs:  The parking is about a block away which affords you a leisurely stroll through one of L.A.'s dicier neighborhoods. (Langers does validate for 1 hour, so there is consolation).  The prices are steep here so I won't be eating here everyday (probably would need a triple bypass if I did).  I will be back to take out-of-town relatives here from Portland where pastrami does not exist.Yahoooooooooo! Finally, back at Langer's!Yeah, it's $15 for a sandwich.  Yeah they close at 4.  Yeah the neighborhood is sketchy... wait I like that, I keeps it real!This is hands down theeee best sandwich ever.  No.19 hot pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, russian dressing, on freshly baked rye bread.  It's yummy in my tummy. It's the chronic. It's bomb.com. I almost want to take it home and snuggle with it.Langer's...Because it's fucking Langer's._C$Hands down the best Ruben sandwich in L.A.Have been to Canters, Oinkster, Johnnie's Pastrami, Factor's, Jerry's, Junior's, Pico Kosher, Nate n' Al, and a handful of others in search of the holy grail of Ruben sandwiches.  The search ends at Langers.Prices are a little high, and the hours are prohibitive, but if you can make it down here when Langer's is open and you've got $20 in your pocket, I promise you an amazing meal.  Get the Ruben.  I prefer it on rye with kraut, Swiss, and 1000 on the side, but order it however you like.best sandwich ever!The best Pastrami sandwich I have ever eaten in my life. I also got a corned beef sandwich to share with my girlfriend but the star of the show is pastrami. Both were tasty and I love how the bread was toasted perfectly. Do beware it is a bit pricy but I feel it was worth every penny. I don't enjoy the fact that it's in a particularly dirty and smelly part of downtown LA but once you get inside the restaurant that all dissapears from your mind. The pastrami comes with a cole slaw and we decided to get that on the side so we could try it and just in case we didn't like it no big deal but we ended up liking it so maybe do the same and see for yourself what you like. There is a parking lot near the restaurant that has free validated parking if you eat here so go for that and not pay for parking, dope.- im not a big fan of subway or quizno's, but langer's WOW, this was the best sandwhich/deli i have ever had.- i recommend getting #5, its really good- the cashier was a bitch though, me and my friends wanted her to separate our bill, and we all ordered different things, but then dumb bitch didnt know how to do SIMPLE math, so she just grabbed a calculator and divided everything by 3. what a dumbass, everyone paid more than what they were suppose to, coz i ordered #5 which was only about 12 something, but then i had to pay 19 something coz of the dumbass. she should have just taken the separate orders, and then divide the tax by three then add that to our meal price. - the environment where this restaurant is at is bad, im not a big fan of the surrounding. it was pretty creepy, coz a whole bunch of people would run after us asking if we wanted FAKE I.D.'s. damn. a guy even ran after the car i was in, becuase he thought i wanted one. DUMB-ASSSS- despite everything that pissed me off at langers, the food quality is amazing. this place should be in a better part of LA. OVERALL:i recommend going with at least one friend. coz yeah. me and my friend ordered the same, a #5. while two of other friends ordered #19. since the sandwiches were sliced in halves, we split the half of #5 with a half of #19. so therefore we all basically got the same order half of half of 5 & 19. that was pretty amazing.I finally made it to Langer's.  Today.  For lunch.  I'm not a pastrami fan so I had a roast beef french dip.  The bf and I shared crinkle fries.  The sandwich was pretty tasty.  The Hollywood Regency decor was neat.  It's a bit pricey.  Two house sandwiches, small fries (we shared) and a coke (bf had water) = $40 including tip.The #19 is to die for.  My husband, the lifelong Pastrami connoisseur, declares their sandwich THE BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICH he's ever had.  And believe me, he's had lots!  I believe it's their cole slaw and that mysterious russian dressing.  I will say that I was hesitate given the location, but they own the parking lot where we parked our car.  They not only validate for free parking once you eat there, they also have a camera pointing right at that lot, so I felt a lot safer when I saw that at the cashier stand.  The bathroom also surprised me, it was surprisingly clean.  I was expecting old and dingy, by got updated and clean.  I would even bring my kids there.  So, 3 thumbs up and 5 stars awarded!The reality lives up to the hype. Ordered #19 (their recommended classic) with cole slaw and Russian dressing...sublime. The place does look like it's straight outta the 1970s, but this is no theme it's the real deal. Kevin (our waiter) was such a pleasure to have, in fact he's been there for 10 years and it shows...career waiters usually go above and beyond and he was no exception. Be sure to park at 7th & Westlake. It's Langer's lot they validate free for an hour. The area it's in could be a little shady but it's worth it. The menu is huge, prices are decent, portions are massive, and it's as authentic as it gets.When you befriend the Langers #19, there is nothing else happening in your life except the consumption of this sandwich. You don't even remember how you got there, how crowded it is, or how long you waited to be seated. You might even ask yourself- where am I?Let me tell you where you are. You are in a place called the Greatest Day of Your Life. There is no regard for how full you are, or anything else that is not tasty in the world; there is only regard for maintaining the blissful momentum of sandwich to face. Everything in this sandwich is meant to be together in a sandwich. The rye bread, the cole slaw, the Russian dressing, all delighting in the company of the marvelous pastrami slices is not a front. It is fo' REAL. And everything in this sandwich is meant to be in your mouth. Right. Now.Best pastrami sandwich... EVER IN LIFEI'm a vegetarian and I still love it.  Here's why:Fried Egg, Swiss, Sauerkraut, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion on Grilled Rye with Russian Dressing.Trust me.13 bucks for a pastrami sandwich.... At first I thought that was expensive... but then I realized... theres a reason why Subway sells a footlong for 5 bucks.   It's all about the quality ladies and gentlemen.  I never felt "love" from taking a bite out of a pastrami sandwich before.  When I was on my last bite, I took a deep breath.. I knew this was it, that the sandwich would be gone after this bite.  The pastrami is salted just perfectly, not overpowering at all.  The cole slaw is freakin fresh.  The bread is amazing too but if it wasn't, I was already convinced by the pastrami.  Everything was in perfect harmony.  Yea I was a little gassy afterwards but I farted rainbows.If you order this, let this be a warning..  You WILL become a pastrami snob after thisI will make this short and sweetThe Pastami is the best in So CalI live in OC and it was worth the driveIn a seedy area of town and only open till 4pm butwho would want to go there in the eveningIf you are in the area you need to check it outLangers is a blast from the past in a very good way, when you walk in its as if you are stepping into the past. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We had the #19 and #55 both of which were very good. Only thing I would change would be to try a bread other than rye because the flavor of anis can be a bit overpowering.Can you just stop reading and go already? I ordered the half salad/half sandwich deal. I got the garden salad with Italian dressing on the side. It had a bunch of olives, mini pickle-looking things (sorry, don't know the name), cherry tomatoes, etc. Great. They asked me if I wanted the sandwich now or after my salad. Considerate. I asked for it now, because I was dying to try my #19. My first bite. Magical. The meat was so soft, very minimal fat, went perfectly with the rye bread. The bread has a crispy crust, which is fantastic. The Russian dressing and swiss cheese accompany the sandwich very well. The coleslaw was great, not drenched in mayo or anything. In fact, I don't think it had any mayo in it. I think that'd be too heavy. I was so excited while eating and AFTER eating it too. I think my dad is getting annoyed at me because I keep having random bursts of happiness since I keep thinking about how good that sandwich was. I'm coming again.Not worth the hype.I had been told by two friends of mine that I had to check out Langers for their pastrami sandwich. I drove by a few months ago and the line was out the restaurant and around the corner so I figured it had to be good with that many people queued. I didn't want to wait that day and ended up coming back on a Saturday afternoon.There wasn't any line outside (score!) and my friends and I were the second group to be seated once we went in. This is where our luck ran out. After being seated and watching waiters and waitresses walking around to every table but our for 20 minutes the hostess that seated us noticed that no one had come by to take our order. She said she would talk to our waiter and ask him to come by for us. After another 10 minutes of waiting (30 minutes now) she came back and noticed that the waiter still had not come by. She was very apologetic and even took our order for us to speed things along. The silly thing is that we were only going to order a pastrami sandwich and a soda so we could have been in and out in the time that we sat waiting.We got the sandwich a few minutes later and it was pretty good. There was a lot of chunked pastrami and it went really well with the Russian dressing and rye bread.After waiting another 15 minutes (50 minutes total now) the hostess that had been taken our order came by and asked if anyone had some to see us yet. When we told her no one had she set out to find someone to check up on us. A few minutes later a waitress came by, handed us a bill, and walked off. No questions about refills, no questions about wanting anything else, nothing whatsoever. The total for the bill came out to be $19 for a sandwich and a soda. If the service had been better (not an hour of waiting and feeling like we were 3rd class citizens) I wouldn't have cared so much about the tab. I paid my bill and personally handed gratuity to the hostess as she was the only person that actually seemed to care.Maybe I was there on an off day but seeing as how we were treated when there was no line outside I really don't want to go back and try this place again.I've been here a couple of times and I've been extremely satisfied both times.  The first time I had corned beef and cabbage (it being St. Patty's day and all), and this past time, I had the pastrami dip sandwich.  The bread was cooked perfect: slightly crispy but still soft.  Quality of the meat is excellent and service is great as well.Only downside?  They aren't cheap.  For a sandwich and a drink, you'll probably walk out of there paying b/w $15-$18, and if you're getting the corned beef & cabbage, it's like $22 for the plate alone (before tax and tip).  It's def not a place you want to eat lunch at everyday, but the food makes you come back for sure.Tip:There's free parking diagonally across the intersection.  Don't forget to get validated.Theres only 2 good things on the menu. Way too expensive for a sandwich. Not worth trying new things on the menu.Overpriced!! Probably the most i have ever paid for a sandwich. $20 bucks!! Worth every penny but I wouldn't go again for that price. It's a great one time experience for the bEST pastrami I have ever tasted :)Of course, Langer's doesn't need another 5 star review - I just want everybody to know I'm cool and ate here :)It's actually not the best pastrami sandwich I ever had - that honor goes to Second Ave Deli in NY.  Still - Langer's pastrami is first rate.Police raid - checkMean streets of MacArthur Park - checkBest thick cut pastrami - checkToasty, slightly crisp baguette - checkColeslaw accompanyment in sandwich - delicious surprise, checkIce Creamed-Up Root Beer float - checkUnlucky car battery drainage while in the hood - unfortunately but worthwhiledly, checkNext time I'm skipping the coleslaw-- I don't like my sandwiches quite that sweet. The pickle was a tad too watery.And it was pricey.But holy crap, even with all those drawbacks, it was without a doubt some excellent pastrami and their rye bread was among the best I've had at a Jewish deli like this in Los Angeles. I've been to a few of their competition, and while some are close, or even better in some areas, however they make their pastrami and rye bread is the very definition of tasty.Their french fries, while not my usual idea of good, were oddly starchy like oven-baked home-cooked fries and fit the meal very well.Maybe more like 3.5 stars considering the price, but it was good!Langer's legend has it is THE Jewish deli...and though I will never be able to make a personal testimony...from what I hear, it is THE place for Pastrami sandwiches. Since I don't eat pastrami, corned beef, liver and eggs...well this was not exactly my pick for eats.This was a working lunch and we ordered in from Langer's. I felt a little limited and I ordered the Tri Salad, description said egg, tuna and chicken salad with cottage cheese and peaches. Usually when I order tuna salad it comes on a bed of greens etc so imagine my surprise when I got my order and it was literally mounding scoops of tuna, chicken and egg salad with slices of cucumber, a couple slices of tomatoes, mini gerkin (this did make me happy), cottage cheese and peaches. I thought maybe the cottage cheese and peaches would be a side, not all together. It was interesting.My co workers seemed to really enjoy their sandwiches and I tried some of the french fries which were yummy. Plus side is the portions are huge, more left overs = no cooking :)I ordered number 19.The food came quick.I took my first bite... I escape reality.The world went into slow motion.Every bite was a pleasurable experience.I did not want it to end.I took my last bite... and came back to reality.Wow!  That was some GOOD pastrami!I'm thinking back on my recent food trips and I couldn't believe I haven't written anything about Langer's! I am so thankful to have been an intern working in downtown LA because I got exposed to so many good food places, including this particular pastrami place. This is the only place where I can stand to eat coleslaw. I mean, it would be blasphemy to order a #19 without coleslaw; it's like ordering honey walnut shrimp without the walnuts. The two entrees I would recommend is the #19 or the tuna melt. The pastrami sandwich is just the right size for two meals. The pastrami is thicker than the Hat's, but not as heart clogging big as Carnegie's in NYC. The tuna melt really does melt in your mouth. Don't forget to start off your meal with an order of their thick French fries with ranch on the side!The pastrami is indeed very delicious, lots of fat, hot, yummy, excellent.  Portion-wise, compared to the delis I've been to in Chicago and Philadelphia, Langer's could be better.  My friend and I shared 2 sandwiches and we were still hunger afterwards.  Which is unheard of at the delis I'm used to, and especially since they charge about $15 per sandwich after tax and tip.  Our waiter, when asked if he could take a photo for us, and when I had the camera turned on and ready to hand to him, bolted and said "I'll be right back."  So I'm just sitting there with my camera turned on, waiting for him to return, when he could have easily snapped a photo in about 3 seconds and been on his way.  He returned later, after we got someone else to take the picture, and said, "Sorry my order was ready."  I guess the order could not wait 5 seconds for him to snap a photo.  Overall, good pastrami, average chopped liver, $15/sandwich, and hungry again 2 hours later.We have our Brent's in San Fernando valley.Langer's was a good surprise for me.Great food, especially their pastramis.Within not so great area in LA, Langer's existing for decades, I heard.It's like the Langer's showing that if the place serves the same good food, same level, same taste and price, that place will be there forever!Hard to park, hard to this and that, the Langer's will be there for a long time. I think that's great.We should spread the words, how good the pastramis in Langer's.Maybe lots of people knows already.That's a good sign.YUMMY! I felt that it was good because of the cole slaw they put INSIDE the sandwich (whereas I thought it would be outside the sandwich). I wasn't very hungry since I already ate lunch, but been wanting to try this place for the longest time and I was in the area. I felt a bit uncomfortable in this area as there's a bunch of people just standing outside their shops staring at you as you're walking to the deli (since they're obviously trying to sell stuff in their shops), but once inside I felt super comfy. The waitress was nice and immediately took our orders. I got a #1 instead of a #19 as that was the popular choice...but since I was not even hungry I thought the #1 would be adequate. It was very good and flavorful, and was pleasantly surprised with the first bite. I probably wouldn't venture out here just to eat it again, but if someone were to grab lunch for me and ask if I wanted it, I'd definitely put in an order. Also, it is a bit expensive for a sandwich ($14-$16). I'm more of french dip/prime rib sandwich type of gal and would rather spend the extra money on that.Best sandwiches in Los Angeles period!  Only downside is they close early otherwise I would be eating here more!!Even though this place is super close to me the price has been holding me back from going to eat. When I found out that they were giving out free #19s I dragged my bf out there at 7 in the morning. The looked really long when we passed by looking for parking and we almost didn't go. I managed to convince my bf to wait with me and we were inside in 30 minutes. Our sandwiches came and holy moley they were amazing!!!! The russian dressing and coleslaw went with the pastrami perfectly. The crustiness of the rye was another plus. The sandwich I got was huge and I was only able to finish half. I"m not sure if I would pay $15 for it but if I found some coupons or they another promotion I will be back :]Wow, what a true "institution" Langer's is!  I don't usually enjoy pastrami, but I have to say this is the best I've had.  It's almost like smoked honey ham, rather than the corned beef it actually is.The service was also a nice surprise, usually the best you can hope for at these delis and greasy spoons is a disgruntled 50-something giving you the bare minimum.  However, our guy made us feel like nothing was too much to ask.  He did make a funny look when I ordered a chocolate shake with my #6 (pastrami and chopped liver), but in hindsight I don't blame him for reacting when I order like a pregnant woman....Yes, the neighborhood has a certain "south of the border" feel to it, but that only adds to the cred this place has.  You know it's a blast from the old-LA past, because it sticks out like the proverbial sore thumb in Pico Union.  And it's always worth making a trip to this side of LA, if just to remind you of what kind of life you *don't* have to live.  Just check out the mural in Langer's parking lot and you'll know what I mean.------Update January 11th 2007--------I had the #19 today, and it's awesome!!  No question what my choice will be from now on!!I know the no.19 sand witch is supposed to be the End all flavor to all pastrami sandwiches, but I am gonna have to go against the 5 star reviews here.The bread is crispy yes, but it's way too hard to bite down, leaving the sandwich very hard to eat in 1 piece.   If I decide to skip the crust then there is simply not enough bread left to go with the greasy, tasty pastrami in the center.If they can only have softer bread to accompany the excellent filling..  3.5 stars from me.oh-em-gee!!! No one comes close to Langer's pastrami sandwich! It isn't one of those steamed pastrami, but one of them grilled ones. Still, this is the best I've had. I miss Langer's so much I had a dream about it. I can't wait until I go home for Thanksgiving week. Langer's is definitely on my list of places to go while I'm home. DROOL~Al Langer is the Willy Wonka of pastrami.Thick cut, perfectly salty and sweet, dressed with a slice of swiss, creamy coleslaw, and russian dressing. All nestled between two freshly baked pieces of rye, still warm from the oven with a soft center and crispy crust.Famous #19. Why mess with simple, magical, genius perfection. Al Langer: I'll visit your brown vinyl seat glass elevator to pastrami heaven any time. PS -- when my friend ordered soup and half a tuna sandwich, the waitress asked point blank -- "You came to Langer's and you're ordering a tuna sandwich?" I think that says enough. (The tuna was GREAT, by the way. I don't think anything at Langer's isn't close to perfect).3.5.  I know.  It's shouldn't have taken me 25 years to get to Langers.  But it did.  See, whenever I'm in the area, I go to Mama's Hot Tamales.  This time, Josh and were celebrating his move back to LA with a grand tour of lunch sopts, and after warming up on a tamale each, we stopped at Langers to split a pastrami reuben.well, the talk is worth it.  langers has history, and as i've said before, I don't like paying $15 for pastrami unless they act like they care about my business.  And though deli prices will always perplex me, unlike the lean canters corned beef i usually go for, Langers pastrami on rye was very thick cut, very juicy (and well marbled), and our waiter seemed like he cared.To me, deli is in my blood.  We eat bagels and lox when there's a Sunday or a holiday morning.  We eat deli after a funeral if someone dies...there are all sorts of deli-worthy occasions, so I rarely find myself dying for a deli fix.  But if I did, Langers would be the thickest cut, most well marbled place to get my fix.ADDENDUM 8/26/07:You won't be risking your life to come here.  That's crazy, and just promotes fear.  I for one, like William Upski Wimsatt, believe that there's no such thing as a "bad neighborhood".  If you're smart, you're not going to be a woman walking alone in the park at night.  Take a friend.  Or come during the day, when it's beautiful, and there are tons and familes and people hanging out around the park.I give three stars. They didn't want to special make my sammwhich (is it that hard to not put something on it?)Far too expensive.  Sure, it's good.  Lots of things are good.  Lots of good things are cheap.  Why can't this be one of them?Waitress had character.  At first, I didn't like her, but she grew on me.   If not for her, woulda been less than three stars.I just don't understand how a sammwhich costs so much.When I worked in the area, my Jewish boss would go ape shit over this place. As his bookkeeper I'd file his receipts daily. When he took out clients, he'd always take them to Langer's as he had receipts up the wazoo for the place. I finally checked it out after he raved about it constantly, and after the first time I went, I went numerous times after that. I was seriously blown away by their meat, especially the pastrami. If I wanted to gain 20 lbs in 6 months, I would have eaten there even more. It's definitely a must-go-to place if in downtown L.A. for anything at all.#12 Thick sliced pastrami with swiss and sauce on rye.  Yum.  Reminded me of NYC.  The pastrami was super moist. I ate the thin layer of fat on the meat because it was delicious and just melts in your mouth.  The rye bread was super fresh - crisp on the outside and soft on the in.  Red Line.  One block away.  What's not to like?Meh on the matzo ball soup.  Canter's has better.  Canter's uses more fat in the matzo ball.  Do we see a pattern here?If there's a Deli in heaven, it must have the #19 on its menu.Yes, for any sammich lover out there, Langer's has got to be first or near first on the list of must eat sandwiches in Los Angeles.  After a year and a half in LA, I finally went.  And it's all true, you have to have a sandwich here before you leave LA.  This would make even my sandwich-unliking friend Amy's belly rumble in eager anticipation, I'm sure.It took me way too long to come here, I soon discovered after my first bite into the Number 19 Sandwich.  After coming here with my friend PJ, I took one bite and exclaimed a big "WOW" out loud.  Everything that's been written about this sandwich on Yelp and other blogs is so true that I don't even know what to add.  I can only say that I had just an amazing experience as everyone else.#19: yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…It's one heck of a sandwich.  Soft and juicy slices of hot pastrami and sweet coleslaw separated by swiss cheese and sandwiched in rye bread.  Add in a spread of Russian dressing and served with a pickle.Coleslaw is already one of my favorite things in the world, so having it served up in a sandwich is a new and very welcome surprise to me.  It also serves the purpose of sweetening up the sandwich, because where I felt the Reuben we also had got too salty and sour, this combination meets a very healthy (or, is it unhealthy?) balance between salty and sweet.  It also does nothing to take away from the glory of the delicious pastrami.  Every deli earns its stars from the quality of its pastrami, and Langer's wins enough from me to make up its own constellation.Reuben: yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…The sandwich will set you back about $14, but you will not be asking for your money back.The big reason why some people seem to avoid Langer's is the sketchy neighborhood that surrounds it.  I'm sure when the restaurant was founded, they expected it to be a perfect spot in the corner of a large park in the middle of town, but then the surroundings happened to change in a different direction.  Nonetheless, I love that the deli looks like it hasn't changed since WWII.It's such an LA institution that they've actually dedicated the intersection of 7th and Alvarado as Langer's Square.  How awesome is that?If you're a fan of pastrami sandwiches, then you have to come to Langer's Deli and try the #19.Note: Validated parking lot is one block east at Westlake & 7th (they also offer curb service).  Langer's closes at 4:30pm, but you wouldn't really want to be in the area after dark, most likely.  I've been offered fake IDs and drugs by various strangers the couple times I've been by the park.I guess I can't count it against Langer's that I don't eat beef...plus I don't want to deal with any death threats.I was dragged here by my ravenously hungry boyfriend and I said, "but babe, I don't eat meat."  He says, "I don't care, I want the #19."He obviously won that battle, so we trekked all the way from La Habra Heights to downtown L.A. for a pastrami sandwich.Mind you, we know food, and if my boyfriend says it's good, it must be.  So we drove 30 minutes to get a freaking sandwich.  Now that's a following.Brown sugar cured and smoked thick cuts of pastrami with cole slaw slathered in russian dressing on Rye bread.  Sound good?  I think about 99% of people that go to Langer's get the #19.  I, on the other hand, got a tuna salad sandwich on sourdough.  The tuna salad itself was good, not too mayo-y.  I wish they toasted the bread though because it came out cold.Food comes out really quick, pretty big menu with salads and breakfast items too.parked in the lot down the streetpromptly seated as we walked inthe fact that we didn't wait at all really started off our meal rightservice was super lightning quick and super friendlyour coffee mugs were always filledordered the famous #19 & the half sandwich/half soup (pastrami/matzo ball soup)i liked that the meat wasn't super thin shavingsbut actual chunks of meat laced with a thick crust of pepperthe cole slaw added a cool and creamy element whichtapered the overall saltiness of the sandwichi'm a huge fan of rye bread the hot & regular mustard they have on the side are great with the 'wichour sweet irish grandmother-like waitress also brought a side of russian dressingwaddled out to a world that suddenly seemed slighter better than yesterday'shaving experienced the gloriousness that is Langer'sPerfect Pastrami!! It's historical and very unique. It's a must try if you like a great deli!Short and sweet,Cream soda is on tap and free refills...Need I say more?Love it!  I traveled via the Metro from Long Beach to the MacArthur Park area to have Langer's pastrami sandwich and I was not disappointed!  Arrived just after noon on a Friday and we only had to wait less than 10 minutes.  As soon as we sat down, we knew what we wanted (the #19), and I ordered a side of macaroni salad.  Should have ordered some fries too because those crinkle fries looked so good, but I was trying to pace myself for more of my adventure ahead for that day.1/2 a sandwich was enough to make me a fan and I would definitely return even though the area is a little sketchy - kind of adds to the allure of the place  lolOh Langer's how I love thee. Hands down my favorite pastrami in LA. (The only other place that compares is Katz's Deli in NYC.)I always get the LEGENDARY #19...pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing, and cole slaw on rye. If you're not a big coleslaw fan, you can get it without. I love the old school feel to this place. A true Los Angeles landmark. Parking is about a block away and free with validation. Its not in the greatest of neighborhoods....but with my sandwich in one hand and cream soda in another, I'm transported to foodie heaven.after years of going to canter's for years i will now probably never go there again because canter's ain't got nothing on langer's and canter's is pretty darn good. one thing that sets langer's apart from its competitors is taste. the quality of the of the meat is great. lean and delicious and if you want, you can pay for extra lean. the extra lean must melt like butter. the second thing is side and in this case bigger is better. unfortunately it's not only the sandwiches that are big but the prices are as high as the sandwiches are big. i felt that it was a tad too pricy but when it comes to good quality food, i'll pay a little extra. this applicable here because usually good quality means smaller portions but in the case of langer's the opposite is true. high quality and large portions go hand-in-hand. my friend and i ordered the number 1, pastrami (served on rye with coleslaw and russian dressing both in the sandwich) and a number 2. corned beef and tomato and russian dressing. we ordered cheese on both sandwiches, split them and devoured them. both sandwiches were equally good and the cheese complimented both well.be prepared to wait in line to get in as if you were waiting to get into a trendy club but it's well worth the wait.It took me two years to finally eat here.  The strange hours and the drive from Westwood have kept me away until last week.  It seems like I'd only think of going here on Saturday night.  They are closed on Sunday, so I would think, "next week".  But then I wouldn't think about it until the next Saturday night again.  Finally we got here.  There's a parking lot, which is nice.  We were seated right away at 2pm on a Saturday.  For some reason, I was under the impression that these are HUGE sandwiches.  So my bf and I decided to split one sandwich, since we are trying to eat healthier (ahem).  He wanted to get straight up pastrami, nothing else.  I convinced him to get the #19 with the coleslaw and the Russian dressing.The sandwich was NOT huge.  It was normal sandwich size.  Half a sandwich is enough for me, but my boyfriend is 100 lbs heavier than me and a foot taller.  We went back and forth on whether he should order another sandwich in addition to his existing half sandwich.  I advised him that just because he ordered a whole other sandwich, he did not have to eat the whole thing.  With that, he decided to get it.  A sandwich and a half later, my bf was not feeling so well.  Too much nitrates/nitrites, I guess.My advice....get your own sandwich.How was the pastrami, you ask?  Frickin' delicious.  Thick slices that are not chewy they way I've always had pastrami.  I never knew pastrami could be like this.  I've heard the corned beef sandwich is also good, we'll have to try it next time!I'm docking Langers one star because their hours are so crappy.  But everything else was great.I've read before that the most crucial ingredient in a sandwich is the bread, and after going to Langer's, I totally agree.The popular #19 is rye, pastrami, Swiss, coleslaw, and Russian dressing. The pastrami is just right, the coleslaw is fresh, and the Swiss gives it a nice subtle kick. But in the end, I think it's the rye that seals the deal. Perfect crunch on the crust, soft in the middle, mmm!The sandwich by itself is 13+ dollars, though, so it's more of a once-in-a-while thing.I went there with my parents while waiting between appointments at House Ear Clinic. It was a bit of a walk from the clinic, but it was worth it. we all had the same thing, the famous #19, a very tall pastrami sandwich. The quality, according to my Staten Island raised Brooklyn breded mother, is one of the best.It was a bittersweet moment for me because that day I realized I not like pastrami. I hated them! Also it cost my poor step-dad $57 bucks! That includes the sandwiches, the drinks, and a cheese fries my mother wanted so bad.I would have given it a 5 starts but the price made it unworthy of going back.Oh screw the price, I'm going back to try their matzo ball soup with a sandwich that's not pastrami!Still grinning like Cheshire Cat from having the most succulent, delicious and plain bad ass motha fuckin pastrami sandwich in the entire galaxy.  I don't know why I even bother trying other places that carry pastrami...there  is no other place that has the explosion of flavor that this pastramine delivers...no one else that delivers a sandwich faster with a great attitude and smile from the wait staff...no one else that can match the Pastrami #1 which comes with about 6-8 ounces of succulent, perfectly spiced pastrami, cole slaw and russian dressing all on a grilled rye with three slices of pickles that blow your mind away...every bite of the sandwich stretches you or shrinks you just like Alice, vexing your palate and general sense of direction to the point where you feel like dropping crumbs so as to not get lost in pastrami heavenAll my past memories of pastrami outings have been erased and the brainwashing has begun for the only and true pastrami.  Langer's Deli, I salute you.Went back for the 2nd try at this PASTRAMI MECCA....It was just as good as the first time. I tried the pastrami and corn beef ($16.95) this time around, and got handed a doggy bag of leftovers from the sandwich. It was freakin' huge. The rye bread is crunchy and soft in the middle. The 2 flavors of meat just worked as a complimentary bliss for all carnivores eaters.  I was in perfect harmony, cloud 9, nirvana..... I normally devour and never take anything home, but on this day I needed to... X_xThis place is just awsome. We went there on a Saturday around noon time with a party of 2, and basically no wait.  I finally ate the left overs the 2nd day. I reheated it up, and that Langer's pastrami smell flooded my kitchen. It was still tender and juicy like it was served fresh. This place offer no ordinary PASTRAMI. it is one of the best. I need to go back again. and SOONAfter trying Katz in NY everyone in Cali has been telling me to try Langer's and that it is better. So my review will be a comparison between the 2. Their Rye Bread is one of the best I"ve had. At first I thought for sure the Pastrami would be the star of the show but the bread was just so perfect. Perfect toasty crust and oohhh so soft middle. I had the famous #19 which is the Pastrami on rye with Swiss Cheese, Coleslaw, and Russian Dressing. This #19 combination is Brilliant!!! Every component complimented the sandwich. Sweet tanginess of the coleslaw, the rich juicy slices of pastrami, the earthiness of the swiss cheese, and then the lil kick from the Russian dressing. Brilliant!!!The other sandwich we tried was the Pastrami/ Chopped liver with Russian Dressing on Rye. I have to start off and say that I LOVE liver. So I also really enjoyed this dish. It added an extra irony meaty flavor which I liked. But in comparison to the #19 I missed the coleslaw. I wanted to order it with the coleslaw but the waiter insisted that I didnt. Since it was my first time I wanted to listen to him. We did not share any sides .. I have read mixed reviews on the crinkle fries so we did without them. The cream soda was pretty good. Reminds me of childhood. So I'd have to say that Langers does live up to the hype. And that #19 is something I can eat everyday. Comparing just the Pastrami alone.. I'd have to say Katz in NY takes the trophy. Katz's pastrami is juicer and more moist .. almost like a fatty piece of prime rib. Katz's cuts are a little thicker and it is good even on it's own. Langers overall with the fixings is a winner. Glad I was able to finally try this placeArea is kinda shady. YOu see random individuals just walking back and forth probably up to no good. The parking lot is a life saver. I do prefer the sit down and waiter service more than at Katz.. with the chaotic lines.Okay so everyone is right, this sandwich is awesome.Unfortunately, I wouldn't feel comfortable going to this deli alone because the area is a little shady, but I would surely go again.I thought it was funny how I parked my car on the street at a meter and this guy didn't waste a second to ask me if I wanted to buy an I.D. lol I was like "Okay that was weird." It was hilarious and frightening at the same time.FYI the meters are 1 quarter for every 15 minutes, and the meters have an hour limit. No worries though, your food comes quick. It's almost as if they knew you were coming. As I walked past people eating at their booths, I couldn't help but notice everyone eating the same sandwich, that was kind of amusing because I was going to order the same. =)The meal is perfect, doesn't fill you up too much and SO incredibly satisfying. I literally was smiling and giggling the whole time. I would only change a few things. 1.) Use a stronger cheese, the swiss is too mild.2.) Put some spicy horseradish sauce on the table. It could use a spicy kick! Go to this place, GO NOW for the love of god!This is by far the best pastrami sandwich.  Ever made.  Period.The meat is so very tender and flavorful.  The bread is nice and fresh and honestly, i just wouldnt even know how to describe it.Their chilicheese fries are awesome and so is their potato salad.  Potato salad is very small tho, considering it costs $3.00.  If you like pastrami, you have to try this.  The only bad thing about this place is... It closes at 4pm and spending $25 for a sandwich, a side, and a drink is WAY too much for me.  Two of my buddies and I went there earlier today and the bill came out to be around $75 (including tip).I really can't describe how much I love Langer's. I've been eating their sandwiches since I was little, but I had never actually been to their location until a few weekends ago. It's not the best of areas, but parking was easy to find (it's validated too!), and the walk from the lot to the deli was short.Anyways, my boyfriend and I walked through the doors, and we were seated very quickly by a sweet elderly lady. She gave us our menus, and since it was my boyfriend's first time there, we decided to order two #19's and a boat of fries. The service was prompt and the wait for our sandwiches was probably only 10 minutes.The portions here are huge, and the pastrami was cut thick. The meat isn't overly salty, and it's balanced out nicely with the slaw and dressing. The rye bread is really fragrant and is the perfect vessel to soak up all the yummy juices from the pastrami. The fries were crispy and golden brown, but I couldn't pay attention to them because the sandwich was so good. You can ask any of my friends... I crave a bite of the #19 all the time. It's addicting.I loved the pastrami and chopped liver combo. The rye bread was dense and yummy.The pickle was okay.It's clean & people were very friendly and very cute.Yes, it's worth the hype.My husband and I decided to dine here on a lazy Saturday because I've been wanting to try this place for a looong time.About $20 for a sandwich and a coke...Are you serious? I never thought I could go broke from eating sandwich.First off, it's located at a pretty ghetto area. This place is running with random people coming up to you asking if you need fake IDs. Fun, eh? The joint is pretty run down. It's like a cross between one of those old "Mafia" owned restaurant look alike(in movies) and a 50's diner. You can see the soda machines and service counters which is, in my opinion, very unsanitary. The booths are very tiny so anyone who considers themselves, large, will feel crammed. =(Their pastrami was most def the meatiest and juiciest sandwich I've ever tried but the flavor didn't "wow" me at all. The little hope I had in the russian cole slaw was yet another disappointment.The corned beef with sauerkraut I got was really sour. The sauce that our waitress claimed "everyone puts that shhh in it" wasn't all that and a bag of chips either.The service was decent. Our waitress came by a total of 4 times. She failed to refill our drinks and left our cup sitting empty for 15+ minutes. How lame.  =(The deli meat that they're so well known for are good but not great. They're definitely over priced. There wasn't much I could compliment.I haven't had many pastrami sandwiches in my lifetime, but the #19 really set the standard on how a pastrami sandwich should taste. The pastrami was thick cut and was soft and surprised that it was not salty. I loved the rye bread with the crunchy hard crust and the cole slaw in the sandwich. They also give you two half pickles, which were also tasty. However, when I looked through the menu, I definitely did not agree with the prices. I attended their 65th anniversary celebration by waiting in line for 90 minutes in the afternoon under a tent that Langer's provided and had the opportunity to savor the sandwich for free. I was amazed how organized the staff was during this event and happy they had security to control the lines and warding off any sneaky line cutters. It was definitely worth the wait. The sandwich was big and I was only able to eat half of it and that was my first meal for the day. I took home the other half for two other people to try and they also liked the taste. Service was very prompt for the special event and the restaurant was quite clean although outside the street was dirty with bums and all.Maybe if they had lunch special deals, I would really love to come back. Or maybe a regular discount for metro riders. Otherwise, I can't bring myself to come here to pay so much for a sandwich.This place really is all the rage.  The best pastrami sandwich ever.  #19 ALL DAY, EVERYDAY.  The pastrami is incredible.  The bread is perfect.  The russian dressing is great.  I've been eating here for years and it has never disappointed me.  The mac salad and chili fries are pretty good also.  #19!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I probably wont have a better sandwich by the time I die.All the reviews are spot on. This place has the best pastrami I've ever had. I thought I wasn't going to enjoy it because my friends had hyped it so much but I was wrong. You have to order #19. That is all.I stopped by this on a Saturday just before a USC game and was absolutely amazed by their number 19 pastrami sandwich. The meat was thick, juicy and full of flavor and the rye bread was warm and moist as if it had just come out of the oven. BY far the best pastrami sandwich I've had.Langers Deli is not just a restaurant, it's a Los Angeles institution. All the dishes they serve up are delicious, but they are most famous for their thick-cut pastrami. This melt-in-your-mouth spiced meat is a far cry from the usual steamed fare you get elsewhere.Langers pastrami is flavorful, satisfying and it dissolves on your tongue like butter. But there's more to Langers than pastrami. Their bread and rolls are baked specially for Langers, and the quality of all their baked goods in unsurpassed. I'm giving them full marks for everything from soup to nuts, even though they keep bankers' hours. They close at 4 PM every day, which is suprising, but Langers is such a great restaurant that they can do whatever they want.On a rainy day, I decided to try this place out while I was in the area. This place has one of the notable pastrami sandwiches in LA, and shame on you if you haven't gone here yet. Especially if you work in Downtown. Their style is unique in a sense that they have a special sauce they use and the meat is cut thick, as opposed to really thin layers. Parking is limited and the price is on the expensive side.I feel freaking bad for langers!! Theyre awesome but the neighborhood it sits in now is ghettttttttttttto!! By california standards! ...maybe not by regular city people. It rains with illegal immigrants who were trying to sell me fake passports & social security cards when I was walking from the parking lot. I mean, YES I am colored but I was born here & I'm a legal citizen damn it!! Seriously, I was asked TWICE!! AHHH!! THE FOOD ANYWAY is awesome if youre a really big deli person & craving a reuban like my half-jewish nephew joshua (or JEWshua i like to call him:) you WILL NOT be disappointed. The staff is sooo ridiculously nice, waitors & cooks! When you walk in it's STILL THE 1960's minus the racism. Even my waitor looked like he was time-traveled from the 60's. RIDICULOUS! in a good way!:)Langer's pastrami is so good, it should be it's own food group. Grains, Fruit, Veggies, Dairy, Protein, Fat and LANGER'S.Disclaimer that I've only tried their pastrami sandwiches and chili cheese fries, but can you really blame me for sticking to a good thing? Plus, there are various add-ons to their infamous 'wich to suit your fancy - coleslaw, russian style dressing (basically thousand island), cheese, mustard. I'm also a HUGE fan of their Curb-side pick up. While they offer free validated parking at the northeast corner of 7th/Westlake (which is a lifesaver), you can also call in your order and tell them your car make/color along with method of payment for them to bring it out onto 7th Street. It takes only 10 minutes or so for them to prepare everything and they are really good about bringing it out, as long as you arrive at your mentioned ETA. If you haven't tried Langers, you really owe it to yourself to experience this heavenly pleasure (even if you aren't a huge pastrami fan - as mentioned above, it really deserves its own food group).people stop falling all over your face for langers. ITS NOT THAT GOOD! and if you say its just another NY jack talking up about how LA doesn't compare. like i said there's good delis in LA (canters, piko kosher deli-best brisket ever) and i'm not in here talking up that NY has better burrito's. i'm coming from 25 years of experience having eaten at over 2 dozen different kosher delis in my lifetime. you want to see the famous steamers i keep rambling about, see the vid at 7:10. that's why you will never have dry deli meats in katz ever. youtube.com/watch?v=hxZA… corned beef on club for one sandwichyoutube.com/watch?v=h58e…pastrami for one sandwichyoutube.com/watch?v=Bd9i…and i thought katz got expensive when i was there last cause i remember when the pastrami was $5 when i was a kid, now its up to $15. $14 for a #19 with half the meat of katz. langers who and it doesn't cost $3 extra if you like your cut lean.... again if you've never eaten kosher or kosher-style pastrami before i can see why your all amazed by langers but there are better delis in LA and the best delis will always be in NY. also if i came in here and said the best mexican food was in NY west coast people would have a conniption. there's a reason why the best delis are in the east coast. we had the european immigrants land in NY first not LA. like it says  "since 1888".  regarding the bread, again you haven't tasted a real rye. there's a reason why ny pizza, bagels and our breads whether its rye, club, kaiser, challah, heck even french breads taste the way it does. its in the water. articles.latimes.com/200…and for those that's been to katz and say that langers is better. i compare it to being a mets or jets fans or a clipper fan in LA. there's enough yankee and giants fans out there so let me root for the other team to be different, its the same for all these people that say "they've eaten at katz". the questions i have for them, have they eaten at katz enough to really compare it to langers. i can personally say i've eaten at katz over 300 times in my life and 5 times at langers. the vids show a tiny smidge how life changing a pastrami at katz can be.The #19 is, without exaggeration, the absolute best pastrami I've ever had. My friend kept telling me how good it was, but I was not expecting this kind of greatness. Honestly, I didn't even know a sandwich could be this good. The pastrami is so tender and the bread is so soft that it almost feels like you're biting into a marshmallow. It's perfection.I have no idea what people are talking about when they say this is a small sandwich. I can eat a lot (5x5 with fries at in-n-out), but after one of these, I'm done. The car ride home always involves me and my friends sitting in complete silence from being so utterly full. I can never eat anything for the rest of the day.Best Pastrami Ever. Their hot pastrami with cream cheese and tomato is simply heaven on rye bread. God, I wish I could eat here more often but the bottom line is I simply can't afford it. The last time I went with a friend, we got 3 sandwiches (1 to go), large fries, and 2 cokes. The check was over $60, ouch.I guess I'll have to settle with Subway until I can scrape together enough pennies for another Langer's trip.On the plus side, there was no line when we rolled up at 2:30PM on a weekday.Maybe a 4.5......The hype is well deserved for a place that is 83 years old and still bringing in the crowds for almost exclusively one sandwich. I saw the reviews and decided it was time to try their pastrami since I have been on the hunt for the perfect pastrami sandwich for a while. My roommate and I hopped in the car and made it down in a few minutes and parked in the private lot that requires validation (1 hour free) but it's owned by Langers so it's not difficult at all. It's on the corner of 7th and Westlake if anyone needed to know.After walking down the block to Langers we were greeted with a smile by the host/manager and immediately escorted to an empty booth. This was all surprising considering the many reports I had heard about their long lines but our timing was before the lunch rush so if anyone wants to know, 11am is probably the latest you can show up without expecting a wait. The booths are classic overstuffed seats with pleather covers and brass buttons and comfortable to sit in. The menu is extensive and even though we had planned what we wanted to get ahead of time, I took some extra time to look at the menu and see what my next trip might have in store. Our server was a kind young man who was readily available for most of our meal but did not offer much in the way of suggestions for first timers. No matter, we knew what we wanted anyways. For our appetizer we ate the creamed herring and for lunch we split the classic #19 Pastrami with cole slaw and russian dressing on rye and the #3 corned beef with swiss and sauerkraut on rye.The creamed herring was an impressive spread of tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, herring and 2 types of pickles. It was very fresh and very delicate and not heavy at all for a starter. The creaminess in the herring was not simply the sauce that covered it, but could be tasted all the way through the white meat. Very good platter.The sandwiches were everything we expected and more. The corned beef was cooked to perfection and while it was an excellent sandwich, I felt the pastrami was better balanced with its alternately sweet and salty flavors as well as a more buttery texture to the meat. I was not disappointed in either one at all, but when I return I want to try the corned beef sandwich prepared like the #19 so I can see how the slaw plays with a different type of meat. Speaking of slaw it really was perfect. Not too much mayo, not too dry, and full of fresh vegetable flavors. As an experience it was great. The service was good, the customers were happy and kept that way for the duration of their (and our) meals, Langer's is a testament to the "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" mantra and they haven't had to fix anything for a long time I imagine.Some people might cry foul that I did not give a 5-star review for a place a I clearly enjoyed but the fact of the matter is, 5-stars means there is absolutely nothing to improve upon and that simply is not the case. The sandwiches were incredible and the appetizer was great but $24 each after tip is a steep price for even a total sandwich-nut like myself. I have had many sandwiches (not pastrami) that have pleased me equally that were half as much. Not a complaint, just a fact. That being said this was one of the best sandwich experiences of the year and unfortunately for my wallet, I will be enjoying Langer's sooner rather than later!Undeniably one of the best Delicatessen/Deli joints in LA. I know some people complain about the location and how sketchy it could be, but it really isn't all that bad and many of these kinds of deli's spring up in these types of locations anyway. Look at Katz' in NY, which is located in one of the poorest areas in Manhattan. Just man up, don't give anyone any dirty looks, and try this place out. Of course, I come here for the pastrami on rye, which IMO is served to that 'as good as it gets' level, especially in this town. Yea, there are rivals as well, but this would definitely go in my top 3 . Meat here is seasoned and served at the proper temperature and the bread is crispy on the outside and soft in the middle- all as it should be. It's that diner where you can feel comfortable being in and sitting there laughing it up with the waitress and some good company. Sometimes I wish it would rain hard enough that the drops would hit the windows, so i can sit at the booth, look out at the streets and give that wondering soul stare. Yeaaa... that kind of diner.The gist...High points: Has everything a diner should have. Pastrami is a must if you're looking to find some of the best LA has to offer. Don't expect those shredded super thinly sliced pastrami meats like at The Hat or other fakers. This is a slab of thick cuts the way pastrami is meant to be served. Oh yea, its a diner, so they should have all the usuals.Low points: Some of you are going to find the prices to be a bit steep, especially for a sandwich, but seems pretty standard to me no matter where I go.BEST pastrami EVER. This place is a special treat, a true Los Angeles landmark. It's been reviewed and recommended in numerous publications and TV spots. I have never been to New York nor do I plan to go to that filthy rat-hole. So I don't care if Langer's is not "new york style deli" like some of the negative reviews tout AND neither should you. We are in Cali yo.It's pricey yes, but hella delicious. So many options...If you go with some one else, order different things so you can share. The menu is extensive, the portions are ample and you will be sated when you leave. Pay at the counter. If your are sketched out by the neighborhood, grow a pair. Langer's has their own lot up the street, they validate. IF you are green, the red line drops you off a block up and if your are worried that some prostitute is going to stab you with a needle, this place closes before sundown.Woke up quick, at about 9just thought that some curedpastrami would be just fineI gotta get up and eat before the day beginsbefore my stomach starts grumblinbeneath the skinTurned n looked at my girlwith a huge grinned smiletold her lunch was gonna take a lil whileWent to the kitchento cook up some eggscause you know I devourmy omelette's on the regThen we got into my car n playedold ass tunes from back in the daysome gangsta rap and some punk rock hitsas my anxious tongue kept smacking my lipsCruisin' to LA in my Lexothinking bout Langers, how far we gon' goto satiate my hunger, to put it to restget the19, its definitely the bestSo we pull up, the second time for mePark in the front, just like a real GWalk down the street, girl on my armmaking her smile, with my charmCause the grub in the hood is always bombstart disagreeing with meill show you your wrongKnowing more about food thanLiddell gets hitQuote this man, cause you know I'm legit#19Pastrami with Swiss and Cole Slaw on Rye Bread with Russian Dressing and a side of PicklesThis is seriously delicious. The BEST pastrami i've ever had. If this is how good pastrami can get i can't wait to try Katz's. More reason to go back to NY. Everything was just perfect. The crust on the bread was crispy and flavorful, the pastrami was melt in your mouth juicy and tender, the cole slaw was cold and crisp, and the dressing was perfect with bits and pieces of jalapeños it seems and peperoncini in it. The atmosphere is not stuffy and there are plenty of locals in the restaurant as expressed by the servers and their wonderful hellos and welcome backs. I also had a chance to try the Reuben with Corned Beef. It was good but not comparable to the Pastrami on Rye. The quality of the meats here is what makes it so good. Even the corned beef was nice and juicy and tender. Compared to pastrami from Oinkster and the Hat, this place is definitely out of their leagues. The sandwich is a bit pricey though at around $15 before tax and tips but well worth your while.I have pastrami broken down into 3 types. Deli(langers, canters, nate n al's, etc), Pastrami Dips(Johnnys, The Hat, etc), and Junk Food(Steve's burgers, Astro burger, Arry's, etc)Langers is my #1 pastrami period. I typically opt for the #1 although the #19(or whatever number it was that adds swiss cheese) is what theyre known for.  I'm not a coleslaw person at all, but this is the one time where I strongly believe the coleslaw actually adds something to the sandwich. Oh yeah, I also usually get the russian dressing on the side just because i dont care for a whole lot of it.The only drawback is the location....yeah....MacArthur park is across the street and the parking lot is also a block down the street. If youre from LA, then you know whats up, If you dont, watch your ass. If I care enough to take someone there, theres no way i'd subject them to what could happen around there at night. So, stick to daytime trips there and just be aware of your surroundings and hold your ground. If you wanna grab a late night pastramii, I'd say stick to Canter's or Johnny's. You wont have to worry so much about potentially having to kick someones ass(or getting your own ass kicked if youre into that).OK I'll admit it that I'm just reviewing the food from here - not the lousy location, since my brother always brings me takeout from here.But I love the pastrami sandwiches here - second to none. The bread is great, slightly chewy with crisp crust - and the pastrami is soft, flavorful and moist. Throw some mustard on it and eat it with some coleslaw and pickles and you're gonna be happy.Last time I had it was on an overnight fishing trip - man was it good. Of course I'll enjoy it again - and perhaps I'll even drive there myself.So I finally tried this place after hearing all the high rated reviews. ESP that you gotta try #19. Well I finally tried it. It was pretty good but I didn't think it was worth 18-20 dollars (15 + tax and tip). I'm sorry, but for that much money, I expect to get a sandwich with something other than 1 sliced pickle.What can I say that everyone else hasn't?? The food is always consistent with friendly service.They're known for the #19, pastrami with coleslaw and Russian dressing, but my favorite is the half corned beef sandwich on egg bread with a bowl of chicken noodle soup.  The chicken noodle soup is chicken broth with thin egg noodles. Be prepared to wait in line during the lunch rush.  If you don't want to wait, call in your order and they'll bring it out to your car curbside!  Parking lot on 7th and West Lake.  Don't forget to get your parking ticket validated!When the cat's away the mice will play... so my colleagues and I ventured from Pasadena to LA for a field trip and some grub at the historic Langer's Deli.  I have heard about this place before, and my foodie friend insisted we had to eat here.I was not let down at all.  Well, for the most part.Friend and I split the #19 and #88 (corned beef, swiss, saurkraut on grilled rye) and man - that was a great combo!  The corned beef and pastrami were hands down the best I had ever had - of both.  The meat actually looked like meat and was perfectly seasoned, not the gristly nasty salty heart-attack crap you find other places.  Servings were large enough to satisfy my appetite but still small enough to fit my mouth around.Shocker - I liked the corned beef more.  I think it was because it's warm and the bread is grilled so it stays crisp and doesn't get soggy.  And although the #19 is their famous item, and I think the Russian dressing and coleslaw are nice creamy compliments to the pastrami, I feel the delicious flavor of the meat was overwhelmed by the toppings.  Eating a few pieces of the meat that fell out of the sandwich made me appreciate the smokey and somehow delicate flavor of the pastrami more than when it was actually in the sandwich.  The corned beef however, was perfectly balanced with the vinegary saurkraut and the creamy cheese.  Yummmm.I tried the borscht - it's crap.  It is just cold pickled beets in a bowl with a giant serving of sour cream on the side.  You call that borscht?!?!?!  Well my Ukrainian heritage thinks otherwise.  Buuuut I love beets so I ate it anyway, yum.  The matzo ball soup looked good too.Fries were crispy, rootbeer was delicious, the atmosphere was pretty chill, we got street parking right across the street, and our server was awesome.  I think the price is ALMOST worth it because seriously the meat was so good.  Minus a star for bad borscht, scary location (no wonder they close early), and no left turns meaning it took forever to get back to the office.  Oh and the minus a star is also for the strange pictures of kids on the walls that just seem random and odd.SOOOOO delicious, you try, you like!Came here back in my USC days.  Loved it.  Unfortunately the same can't be said for the company I was with, my fellow managers.  Ugh!!!Anyway, I ignored them and ate my sandwich, pastrami, and I was in heaven.Since I wasn't paying I asked for extra pickles.  Awesome.  We parked a block away and the walk to and from was pretty scary.  Really!  If this place was in a different part of town, where there wasn't a lot of crime, I would definitely go here often.  A lot even.  But now I guess only on special occassions and when I feel brave.  Anyway, see you there.#19...'nuff said.  OK...I'll say a little more.  I'd heard about this place for ages, but as they're not open late, we'd never had the chance to stop in.  (It's rare for us to go out for lunch on the weekends).  Well finally this past weekend we were out and about and finally stopped in.  First off, I clearly understand why they're not open late.  I certainly wouldn't want to be in that part of town after dark either.  Yikes.  That aside, it was clear that #19 is their signature sandwich.  By the time we sat down at our booth (which was immediately - the staff is really on the ball) I'd seen no less than three signs pushing it.  We had a wonderful older woman with a great Scottish accent wait on us.  She was wonderful!  OK...on to the food.  So even with though I generally don't like thick sliced pastrami, I rarely eat rye bread, and putting cole slaw IN a sandwich sounded rather funky, like the lemming I am, I had the #19 anyway.  Hey!  I had to...it would have been like going to Pinks and ordering a hamburger had I gone with something else, no? Oh my god.  I don't know how they do it, but my god if that's not the best damned sandwich ever.  The pastrami, though thick sliced it as tender - no, scratch that - MORE tender than even a french dip style pastrami.  It's moist, juicy, tender...wow.  The rye bread?  If they don't make it themselves I'd be very, very surprised.  Super fresh, soft tender center, with a nice hard crust on the outside.  And the cole slaw?  It works.  Trust me.  Like I said at the top...#19, 'nuff said.This second visit I ordered the #88 Corn Beef to go.You also get a pair of pickle spears, yum.I also picked up a to-go menu on some heavystock paper.The sandwich is also good cold, as I ate half of a half the next morning.The Best Pastrami Ever!   (At least in the West)The pastrami god's have spoken! And they take their job extremely seriously. The pastrami at Langer's is delicious. The wait wasn't too long and the service was friendly.LA, this is the best deli we got.  The pastrami is what brings 'em in, but there's more.  Their rye bread, double baked just before service, is fantastic.  Their tongue too, may be the best in LA.  It's nicely shaved and not too fatty, and quite well cured.  While I'm not a fan of the corned beef (sort of like a pastrami that was forgotten before it was finished), I think that their roast beef and brisket are under-rated.  In particular, the brisket french-dip is much better than that which is found in certain other downtown LA french dip establishments that shall remain unnamed.But for serious, I'm all about the #10 (pastrami, swiss, rye, and russian dressing) as it's an essay in deli simplicity and balance.  And I'm not too keen on cole slaw, otherwise I might order the #19, which I'm told is excellent.  The #44 (pastrami, sauerkraut, swiss [never get that 'nippy cheese' it comes with] grilled on rye) gets high honors.  The #54 (tongue, pastrami on rye) and the #6 (chopped liver and pastrami on rye) get the oh-my-god-i-can't-walk-now award, equally distributed between their massive selves.Depending on who makes them, the chocolate egg creams can be either spectacular or somewhat ordinary.  Hit or miss.  The kishka is good, though nothing amazing.  The home fries and chili cheese fries are excellent, the olives not so much, and the pickles are great (mind you, I don't mess with new-pickles. )The decor is classic, the location is an essay in contrasts (staying positive here folks), and the staff is wonderful.  Shout out to Barbara.This place is an institution (always wanted an excuse to say that!)I usually order the egg-salad sandwich, which is delicious, but I gather most folks come for the pastrami. When you're done eating, MacArthur Park is just across the street -- paddle boats, duckies, fake ID's, Donna Summer, you name it.youtube.com/watch?v=nI6Y…As I began to write this review I read George W's review and pretty much agree with the cole slaw bit.  I hate, hate cole slaw... But on their Pastrami Deli sandwich it finds an amazing partner in crime, pastrami and cole slaw are a mach made in heaven... The deli itself, on the inside, definitely stepped right out of the 50s and 60s.  It's pretty cool and nostalgic with it's decor and pictures of family hanging on the walls.The #19 is the most popular item and it's what I had of course.  The food is pricey but well worth it, if you've never been or if you particularly love well made deli pastrami.  Also, I shared an order of potato pancakes and had a chocolate shake.  Let me tell you two things: 1. It was all amazing.  2. That meal is not ideal when you're going to run any length of time or distance the morning after.  It's a gut bomb, kids.The location is right next to Mac Arthur Park in an ecclectic, largely South American, neighborhood; definitely worth a walk around.Come here.  You'll thank me.This is the Palace of Pastrami - the best I ever ate! Growing up in New York City, I lived for a time a predominately Jewish neighborhood. Learned to appreciate the wonderfulness of the ethnic family delis because of it. The smells, the tastes, the sounds, the comfort of a good deli are unforgettable. It became part of my DNA. I compare every deli that I visit now against. that feeling. While visiting my artist son in LA, I asked him to take me to Langer's. The minute I stepped in the door and took it all in I went back in time. The place looks lived in but in a good way. It was packed even though it was past prime lunch time. The crowd was diverse. Every color, every age and socioeconomic strata was represented. Most appeared to be regulars. Love it. By the way, if you are a robber don't even think of trying to do this place - the LAPD truly eats here in force. Anyway, I was immediately taken in by the entire scene. We got seated and our older, sweet as ma waitress greeted us immediately. She even called us "hon." We looked over the menu. As first timers my son and I went with the famous #19 and a side order of fries. The #19 sandwich is really fantastic! The pastrami is flavorful, tender, juicy. The homemade cole slaw is very nice. The slaw and the swiss were a sweet compliment to the meat making it a perfect combination. The rye bread was excellent - good crust. The amount of meat on the sandwich was right on. Not overly done, just perfect. Langer's Deli has a great menu. Tons of choices (which is another beauty of a good deli). Definitely will come back here - especially to do the breakfast. But, I'll bet I'll go with the #19 again. It is too freakin' great to pass up.The pastrami is definitely amazing.  The only reason I hesitate to give it five stars is the sad fact that I prefer my pastrami thinly sliced.  But as far as flavor is concerned, Langer's totally delivers the best.   And with a side of their fries, it completes the meal.  I also tried their super dog, and holy crap.  That thing is gigantic.  I almost couldn't finish it.  But I did.My friend Steve's favorite spot The Pastrami's are to die for.I'm not too big a fan of delis, but knew I needed to try Langers because it's an L.A. landmark. I ended up loving Langers because of the quality of the food and great service. I ordered the famous number 19 pastrami sandwich. It is an excellent choice, but their menu is FULL of endless other choices. The rye bread is honestly the freshest rye bread I have ever had. Yum. I want some now. It is standard deli prices where you'll pay at least 10 for a sandwich, but you get a very large portion. Parking is across 7th street and they validate. The neighborhood is not great. They close at 4 and their website says they are closed on Sundays.Yes we are Jewish Food Fans and this is the place if you don't mined a little driving. At first when we saw the line outside and it was raining we said Owee but we parked and the line went fast on a Sat for lunch. I ordered Knish with gravy it was fresh , hot and good . Dave ordered a Sandwich that was huge he enjoyed. The ice tea was crap some powder or something . Service was good and prices med-high. Our waiter was great help with the menu . Decor ? old and worn but all worthy of a visit for the far out Jewish Food that we do not have in Riverside Ca . Peace, KPI'm not a big lover of Pastrami sandwiches, but I gotta say Langer's #19 has converted me into a fan!At first, I was skeptical to eat here due to their ridiculous prices. $15.20 for a pastrami sandwich, and it doesn't even come with a side?? And pickles don't count. What the eff. There's a first time for everything lol. I decided to order their world famous #19 Pastrami sandwich which comes with swiss cheese, coleslaw, and a Russian style dressing. Wow, was I blown away! First of all, the sandwich is worthy of its $15.20 price tag. It is practically two full sandwiches, because the portions are enormous! The rye bread was toasted very nicely, and the pastrami was very lean and tender (Thick cuts). The coleslaw and swiss cheese complimented the pastrami sandwich extremely well. And the Russian style dressing perfectly balanced out the saltiness of all the pastrami. Additionally, I ordered a side of baked potato which cost $4.50, but it was also oversized and worth the price. With its crispy skin and soft, fluffy interior, it was the most delicious baked potato I have ever had!The waitress was also very friendly and attentive, always on top of my water refills. (And I drink ALOT of water)The interior of this restaurant is very outdated, classical in a sense, and old-fashioned. Everything is literally brown, which I thought was cool and unique. I walked out a very satisfied customer, and I will definitely come back.I had the infamous #19 and that sandwich alone is worth 6 stars.  Place is not in the best of neighborhoods and the line can be long.  Not cheep, but that sandwich, its worth it!So it seems that all the restaurants on my list lately have been letting me down.  Since I have moved to LA I have heard that Langers was the best for pastrami, better than Johnnies, Canters, Juniors and the others...  But I don't think it is.  First let me say that the famous #19 is a good sandwich but the bread is really soft yet the crust was too hard.  The pastrami was good and the sandwich seemed to be a little "lighter" in the way it tasted, I mean that it was not as greasy as other pastrami sandwiches.  This I think can be good if you don't want that "too full" feeling yet it is filling.  We also tried the #44 which was more like a Reuben.  This was pretty good but the nippy cheese threw me off a little bit in its flavor.  Otherwise it was a pretty good but still not quite the best.The food here would have rated 4 stars but its not always about the food is it?  Our waitress was great, very nice... yet she did one thing that threw me off and maybe I am making too much out of because I also think its funny.  We originally came here just to try the #19 because it was on our list of places to try.. but we just split one and were both still hungry since we hiked before we ate, so I looked around at what other people were eating and saw a good looking sandwich and asked what it was and she said it was a #44 so we ordered one of those as well.  Not 2 minutes after we ordered the sandwich came and my girlfriend said "wow that was fast' and the waitress replied "one of the other waiters made a mistake on an order and was going to throw the sandwich out and we saved the day"... hmmm really, did the person get served and handled the sandwich and figured out it was wrong or did the sandwich never make it so it was fine???  Anyways I really didn't care to much because I was hungry and I guess there is a level of trust but hmmm...The real problem I have with Langers is when I was waiting for my food I noticed a guy in a motorized wheel chair outside the door.  He was looking in for a little while then he tried to open the door and was having trouble.  No body seemed to notice so I got up went over and held the door open for him so he could come in, he came in ordered and went back outside to wait I guess to take it to go.  The waitresses seemed kinda rude taking his order, but they took it.  About ten minutes later I see the same guy trying to get back in, there were about 6-7 girls who worked there standing at the counter about 5 feet from the door so I waited to see what would happen.  I waited for what seemed like forever as the guy looked in the door, as I still waited, then he started to try and pull the door open but he was having trouble because his arms didn't work very well, at this point I couldn't take it and was about to get up when one of the workers leaned over to see what the noise was, she saw the guy so I froze thinking she would help... SHE DIDN'T!  I just stared in shock started to get back up and the lady looks over again so I wait... AND SHE STILL IGNORES HIM!!!!  I got mad and started again to get up when the guy makes more noise trying to get in when one of the other girls leans over the counter to see what the noise is, sees the guy and says something the same time a customer walks by and goes to help the guy in!  I was so pissed I was about to raise hell and yell at this lady, but it was my girlfriends birthday and I didn't want to spoil the day... so I didn't say anything... hence my long ass rant on Yelp!Lastly $33 plus tip for 2 deli sandwiches is absolutely ridiculous!!  I will never go back to Langers!Langer's has my favorite pastrami in the world.  Nora Ephron wrote this in a New Yorker article, which is better written, and more erudite than I could manage, so I'll let her break it down for you."The hot pastrami sandwich served at Langer's Delicatessen in downtown Los Angeles is the finest hot pastrami sandwich in the world. This is not just my opinion, although most people who know about Langer's will simply say it's the finest hot pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles because they don't dare to claim that something like a hot pastrami sandwich could possibly be the best version of itself in a city where until recently you couldn't get anything resembling a New York bagel, and the only reason you can get one now is that New York bagels have deteriorated.The resulting sandwich, slathered with Gulden's mustard, is an exquisite combination of textures and tastes. It's soft but crispy, tender but chewy, peppery but sour, smoky but tangy. It's a symphony orchestra, different instruments brought together to play one perfect chord. It ... is, in short, a work of art."What can you add after that, except if you want a fake I.D., just go around the corner.Seriously good pastrami sandwich at this place..........definitely go for #19.  I go light on the dressing as I don't need it to be like a Carl's Jr. commercial with stuff dripping all over the place.......and my face.If you work downtown I highly recommed hopping the red line to MacArthur Park as Langer's is basically on top of the stop.  Free parking also right down the street though.It is a $20 lunch after fries and a drink but that is pretty standard for a deli.I love when people give a raving review and use words like "best ever" and then give a 4 star (or less!). What the hell does a place have to do for you to get a 5 star...ok...on second though, maybe I don't want to know. Regardless, this has got to be the best pastrami on the planet. I seek out pastrami everywhere I go and the second best pastrami is a lap behind what Langers has to offer. Cooked to perfection and cut a little thick. On rye with the nippy cheese! Everything else I have had there is amazing as well. Great fries, slaw, potato pancakes, pickles...Yep the sandwiches are not what you would call 'cheap', but you get what you pay for. You owe yourself!If you've never been here.........get off your ass! The price you pay is well worth what you get. Yes its around $15 a sandwich, and no, parking isn't easy, but these annoyances will all disappear immediately following that first bite of heaven. 1st time there: No. 19. nuff saiddeliciously cross-grained carved pastrami with house coleslaw, Russian dressing, and ryeCorned beef with sauerkraut also a melt-in-you-mouth choice.PERSONAL FAVORITE SANDWICH RANK 1 (No. 19)I came here on a Saturday at around 11:30, anticipating that there would be a huge line by noon. There was no line at all and I was seated immediately. A few years ago I came at around 1pm on a Saturday and there was a 30+ minute line; I asked the hostess who confirmed that it's usually crazy busy from around 12:30 til they close at 4pm. I got the pastrami dip, which was delicious. Hot pastrami, soft and chewy bread, soaked in savory meat juice... the only downside to the meal was that I felt guilty for not having any vegetables. Half a pickle counts, maybe?Also their cream soda on tap is pretty good. Free refills are a hard thing to come by these days - definitely appreciated.I parked in a 2hr zone, but we were in and out of the restaurant in almost exactly an hour. So parking in the 1hr zones is definitely feasible. Cheap meters, too!Let me preface by saying I love me some Pastrami. Enough that I schlep my way all the way to the Lower East Side to Katz's and spend $20 on a great sandwich in a shitty restaurant that makes the rest of New York City look polite. And I do it with a smile on my face everytime. I also love me a sandwich. Mendocino, Bay Cities, Cole's, Phillippe's, Huckleberry, even Clementine and I have a close loving relationship. So I finally took the subway when I happened to be downtown and headed to Langer's. The walk from the Westlake station is a little jarring, and makes you realize you've been spending too much time on the Westside. Once inside, it's bliss. 1970s style diner that reminds me of my grandparents style bliss. I took my seat at the counter and the waitress who looked like a Norma took my order with all of her Norma-like efficiency. I got the Pastrami sandwich and a side of potato salad. Unfortunately it's impossible to get a great Pastrami sandwich in this country for less than $20, but c'est la vie. But Langer's is the real deal people. Delicious tender pastrami. Crusty delicious Rye bread. Creamy tandy potato salad. I had died and gone to deli heaven. If I lived closer I would go all the time.I don't know if this place really has the best pastrami like they say they do, but it is very, very good, though some days are "misses".It has been going up in price, and the service can be more uneven than ever before, and the area seems to be getting rougher, but it is still worth a visit.Right when you walk into Langer's Deli you get that special feeling in your gut. The feeling when walk into your Grandma's house. The feeling that your about to eat something special. It's almost like a time machine. In 2001 Langer's was the James Beard Foundation winner of the Bertolli Olive Oil America's Classics Award. This award is given to a restaurant that is locally owned with timeless appeal and beloved for quality food. I knew all of these things the minute I walked through the door at Langer's.Langer's opened up in 1947 on the corner of Seventh St and Alvarado, just East of Downtown Los Angeles. Founded by Al Langer, who died after the 60th anniversary and is now ran by his son Norm Langer. I really love the locally owned establishments.Touting the title Home of The Worlds Best Pastrami Sandwich. I immediately started to draw comparisons to east coast pastrami power hour Kat's Delicatassen in New York City. Unlike the Kat'z pastrami Langer's, comes dressed up.Langer's does their pastrami with a welcomed twist. The world renowned #19 is stacked high with tender juicy thick cut pastrami, homemade coleslaw, Swiss cheese and Russian dressing. The sweet from the coleslaw combined with the juicy fat of the pastrami was like heaven in my mouth. Being a mayonnaise lover at heart, the Russian dressing was a welcome add on to this glorious creation. The Swiss cheese did not jump out at me but I think that was a good thing. It fell in line with pastrami, coleslaw and Russian dressing. It was so juicy and flavorful. And the Rye bread was perfect. It was warm and soft in the middle with hard crust, but not too hard. I don't like the crust that cuts the roof of your mouth. This was perfect.It is not easy saying this because I was so impressed with the pastrami at Katz's but Langer's title of worlds best is legit. The #19 is the best pastrami sandwich I have had, on both coasts. I know this is going to a hard bite to swallow, especially for you NY heads but the #19 is world class. I am proud that the West Coast holds the crown for best Pastrami. Rating 7 out of 7 stars. GLUTTONYI guess I wasn't as impressed as others. Perhaps there was too much hype. For $13, I expected an out of this world experience, but it was just average. I had the pastrami dip and it was filling. The sandwiches don't come with any sides and if you add them, it adds up really quick.The parking lot is about a block away and you get 1 hour with validation. We came on a Thursday for lunch and it was crowded. We waited about 15 minutes before being seated. The service was quick, however, and so the experience was pleasurable.I will give it another try and perhaps get a more traditional sandwich.I wanted to try Langer's before eating at Katz's in New York, but it didn't work out that way.  Now had that happened, I may have given Langer's a higher score.  But since I did have Katz's first, I have to say Langer's pastrami sandwich falls just short of deserving five stars.I took my family there for lunch since we all had the day off (for President's Day).  My parents ordered a pastrami sandwich and a corned beef sandwich so they could try both.  My brother and I both opted for the pastrami only (#19).I thought the sandwich was good.  I particularly enjoyed the hard crust of the bread, and the pastrami itself was tender and good.  It simply didn't have the wow-factor that Katz's had.  I think it was the cole slaw at Langer's that I wasn't crazy about.  But it is the best pastrami in LA.The corned beef was really good.  And the matzo ball soup was also good.I just enjoyed watching my parents eat their first pastrami sandwich in years.Back for a second try. I forgot to ask them to make it extra hot for me. I got my pastrami sandwich and the bread was cold, but this time the meat was nice and warm. I felt my sandwich was a lot better this time around. I still hate the crust because it's so hard and tough to eat. The thick cut pastrami is great. Can't get it that thick at other places. I still don't get that wow factor that my friend gets when he comes, but I enjoyed my sandwich a lot. They are starting to grow on me.3rd times the charm maybe? They might just earn that extra star.My main problem with Langer's is simply one of value.  My friend talked this place of up big time and I know that it's an LA institution. This still doesn't save it from being perhaps the most expensive trip to a deli I've ever had.  Put simply two sandwiches, drinks, and a small basket of fries cost me around 40 dollars pre-tip.  At that price they had best be the best sandwiches I ever tried......and they weren't.  However, they were pretty good.  I had a corned beef sandwich with sauerkraut.  It had plenty of meat on it but honestly I think that Izzy's in Santa Monica is more generous.  The smartest thing to do at a place like this is to split a sandwich and side with a friend.  I'm a fully grown man (~175 lbs) and I promise you that with some sides it would be more than enough food and a little lighter on your wallet.  My friend had the pastrami that she claims they make themselves.  It seemed pretty good.  She also made me try a knish.  I'm a southerner and it's my first introduction to such a thing.  To me it tasted like baked hash browns.  It's fine and hearty food but nothing to get excited about.  In short, I have been inducted into the institution that is Langer's but I don't think the value is good and probably won't return unless to treat someone else or it's on their dime.Ok, I'll say it and brace for lightening to strike me - I don't like the pastrami.  It is too salty and overly seasoned.  However, I think that the corned beef and tongue at Langer's are excellent and deserve as much recognition as their pastrami sibling rather than being stuck in its shadow.  These under-appreciated meats  are great substitutes for the pastrami in the #19, and pair well with the chili cheese fries.  I don't eat at Langer's often, but when I do I splurge.  Norm Langer said it best during an interview with Huell Howser in response to a question whether the food there is fattening - "Sure, but you can eat anything so long as you do it in moderation."  Yet, that is the problem.  It requires self control, which my long waistband clearly proves I lack.The hours are terrible. Parking is a pain. I glad they have curbside delivery. You will put with all these obstacles to get one of the BEST pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles or any where else. Hand cut pastrami and a perfect double crusted rye bread. It is what every other pastrami is compared to. If you put up with all the hassles you will be treated to a fantastic sandwich.Long wait, good service, great food. I had the pastrami(#19). The rye bread was perfectly soft, warm and chewy on the inside and crispy on the outside. It's a bit pricey, especially if you get a coke, so stick to water.Langer's has served more than 4 million pounds of pastrami since its inception. I went to Langer's a few years ago. I had a cup of the cabbage soup and immediately sensed I was in for a treat. It only got better once they brought me the #19. It was more than memorable -- it is my reference point for all other pastrami -- and all other sandwiches for that matter. A few years pass, I am back in LA and we decide we must make a trip to Langer's. I consider ordering something else for fear that the #19 might disappoint. As time passes it is easy to elevate a food experience to something a little more than it was. With time often comes nostalgia -- and a memory or experience can become idealized. You try and recreate the experience and so often it disappoints. It's difficult to know if it is in fact a lesser experience than the original -- or if emotions played a part in distorting the memory of the original experience.It would have been very easy to pick something else, it was 11 am -- so breakfast and lunch were an option and like any great deli, Langer's menu offers many different items in many different combinations. After deliberating, I knew I had to go with the #19 --  hot pastrami, cole slaw, a slice of Swiss cheese and Russian dressing on hot rye.Truth be told, it was better than last time. The bread's crust was thicker -- it was more like a shell than a crust -- and of course the pastrami was delicious. My next trip I might just get a pastrami on rye with mustard -- I can't imagine it could get much better than that and the absence of cole slaw, cheese and dressing might be a better format to let the real stars of the sandwich shine. I left knowing that was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had -- and perhaps at the very top of the list.I am not alone in that opinion. Nora Ephron, in his article that appeared in The New Yorker, wrote the following:The hot pastrami sandwich served at Langer's Delicatessen in downtown Los Angeles is the finest hot pastrami sandwich in the world.Langer's is also the proud recipient of the coveted James Beard Foundation award. All roads in search of the best sandwich may well start and end at Langer's -- and any visit to Los Angeles should include a stop at Langer's. Highly recommended.Just had this for lunch today.I did curbside service.  I am not sure why this place is so popular. The food was ok. I had the  #19. The pastrami could have used more salt and the sandwich could have used more meat in it. 15 dollars for a sandwich? no sides? and on skid row? On the upside, the girl on the phone was friendly and was very helpful. They were there exactly at the time i specified. They even give you exact change. Not sure about the other stuff on the menu but  for 15 bucks its a little high priced for a simple sandwich.Our waitress was, I don't know, some sort of 70+ Scottish/Irish/English fusion of a woman... and totally badass. She MADE my experience, and almost had me rolling on the floor when she told my best friend that he was too damn picky! I swear she would've backhanded him if she could. In fact - after he returned his plate in shame, I was ready to backhand him myself. Great guy, but not my favorite person to dine with. Their flavorful pastrami sandwiches & hearty breakfast platters will def hit the spot and fill your belly. An authentic Jewish deli at its best.I am a lifelong resident of LA (minus a few years in SF) and I FINALLY came here to eat yesterday. Surprisingly, my dad never took me here as a kid. I wondered about that until I saw the prices - that explained it. I can't see my dad paying $14.45 for a sandwich. That being said, I understand that producing pastrami and corned beef is a labor-intensive process and the pricing reflects that but I still think Langer's is overpriced.As for the food, it is quality stuff. I ordered the #19, which came out quickly and was delicious. Thick-cut pastrami is where it's at. I really dislike the thin stuff that you find everywhere else in LA. After tasting Langer's pastrami, you will too.I went around 1pm on Thursday and was seated in less than ten minutes but I suspect the lunch crowd is ridiculous here. Go at off hours if you don't like waiting. The parking lot one block east is free for one hour with validation. But, if you are there longer than one hour, have the cashier sign your parking stub when she stamps it. The parking lot attendants won't charge you for the extra time.Oh dear mercy. So many reviews. No need to write an ultra long detailed review then.Parking is annoying. Apparently there is a lot somewhere you can get validation for. I didn't know or see any lot, so I did metered street parking (maximum 1 hour). The area is D-D-D-DOMINATED by Mexican shops of all kinds. Then you step inside here and its another world.Got the #19. Its what everybody gets. Its what they're famous for. Its their Pastrami sandwich. Rye. Pastrami. Swiss cheese. Cole Slaw. Amazing dressing. So simple. If this is your first time, this is the thing you get. No question.And when you eat it? There is one thing you realize.For once, the hype is real.Can anyone say "Heaven between two slices???????"  I am a pastrami whore, and have been everywhere from The Hat to Milk Barn to Katella Deli and Sams Famous...But Langers hands down has the most delectable pastrami sandwich of all time.  #19, you are tasty goodness.It must be the combination, which is unique.  Handmade coleslaw, Russian dressing (just enough), Swiss cheese, bread baked onsite, and the piece d' resistance, the pastrami, lean, mean, thick cut, but butter soft, full of flavor, and incredibly tender.  The sandwich was so good, we couldn't talk, we could only moan its praises.  We still ask ourselves "What the h#@$ kind of knife could cut through this succulent roast without it falling apart?"The place itself is frozen in time (the 1970's), but it adds something to the experience.  It's loud and busy, a true testament to the consistent level of satisfaction and service.Tips:  We went at 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.  No lines, no wait for food, no wait to pay.  Easy in and out (but 80% of the booths were full).  Go early, go late don't go when everyone in town is hungry for a sandwich.There is parking (free with Langers validation) on the next block at 7th and Westlake.  Take advantage of this.  It's a short walk "full of flavor."Try it, at least once.  It's an out of body experience.  The place has been around for over 70 years, and there's a reason for it.I don't give many places 5 Yelp stars but Langer's get one hands down!  A buddy took me to this place for the first time and before we got there, he asked me if I liked pastrami.  I mean, it's alrite...my idea of pastrami has always been at places like "The Hat" or "Johnny's Pastrami."  But my buddy said that I haven't had pastrami until I've had pastrami at Langer's.  Anyways we got there and I had what EVERYONE else was having - their #19 pastrami sandwich on rye with cheese and russian cole slaw.  Let me tell you --- IT WAS THE SHIZNIT!!!  Went there again with my wife and --- IT WAS THE SHIZNIT!!!You just gotta love places that the locals who know food go to.  One tip: just be careful going here because it is in the middle of a ghetto-ass neighborhood.  The streets stink of piss and trash is everywhere but at least there's free one hour Langer's parking (the lot is about a 2 minute walk from the restaurant).  Stop what you're doing now!  Go here!If there ever was a place that deserved 6 stars... this is it.It gets 5 stars from me for one reason... a simple pastrami on rye.  I don't need all the special combos that Langer's offers on its pastrami sandwiches ... no cheese or chopped liver or slaw or russian dressing for me.  I am a purist... and when something is so purely good as Langer's pastrami... I say keep it simple, don't dress it up, don't hide it... eat it straight up with a little mustard, the old school way.Langer's is the best pastrami in the world: deep flavor, seasoned, cured, smoked, steamed, crusted at its edges, hand cut.... served warm on the best double baked crispy crusted rye bread ever to be taken from any oven any where.It is the best pastrami sandwich served on the face of the planet... better than any of my favorites from New York... better than Katz's, Junior's, Carnegie Deli's... better than even the best of the best in NYC.Add the old school, original late '40's atmosphere... and you've got an L.A. landmark that doesn't rest on its landmark status.Too bad I can't give this place 6 stars.Try the roast beef and russian dressing on a Kaiser roll. Thin rare beef. Big enough for 2 meals.When I moved to L.A. in oooh I'm dating myself, you could pop in here at 10 p.m...Now it closes at 4 and is closed on Sunday, which is probably the most popular fringe benfit for the latin kitchen crew. Personally I think the hours have more to do with the stamina of the aging owners than safety.After repeatedly hearing that Langer's Deli has the best pastrami on earth I had to go and try it. Despite the not so great looking neighborhood, the trip was certainly worth it. The Russian rye bread was great, nice soft center with a crunchy crust for contrast.  The pastrami was the best looking that I have ever seen. Nice thick slices of meat in the most perfect looking color.  Not like those other places that give you limp, shreaded, thin pastrami.  The coleslaw inside is the perfect compliment to this masterpiece.   The atmosphere is like something out old 80's movie (sorry, can't explain why), and my waitress was  polite, cheerful and gave just the right amount of attention.  Very comfortable place to relax with the newspaper and enjoy a great meal at the counter.The price is a bit steep, but you get what you pay for .  Certainly worth  the dent that my visit left in my wallet.  If you want inexpensive, barely edible pastrami, go somewhere else. This is the Ferrari of pastrami!  Unfortunately, I may never be able to enjoy as pastrami sandwich anywhere else now.Langer's is an institution that really lives up to the praise.  For me, Langer's is all about the pastrami and all about the rye bread.  Both are total stars!While you may want to start with their #19 [pastrami, coleslaw and swiss on rye] you may find, like me, that the cheese is unnecessary.  If you are sitting in view of the kitchen, about half of the items coming out involve a pastrami sandwich in all of it's permutations.  Whole tables of patrons are seen eating the same thing:  Pastrami Sandwich.The surroundings are old, the neighborhood questionable but this place merits a visit by any deli sandwich fan.  Parking on the street is not that hard to find but one block east of the restaurant is 1 hour free with validation.Drive by this place and you'll know it's amazing.  It stands out of its neighborhood like Woody Allen would have in the movie "Friday" with Ice Cube and Chris Tucker.  Stuck in a veritable time warp this place represents an earlier European influenced era in Los Angeles smack dab in what is currently the most concentrated central American community in LA.  How this restaurant has survived through the evolution of its neighborhood is beyond me.This nostalgic delicatessen will provide you with arguably the best Pastrami in the nation.  Personally I have never tasted its equal, yes and I have eaten many a pastrami.  Cooked to perfection...that is all that needs describing. Unreal flavor, texture.  If you are a true pastrami aficionado it is a must to fight traffic and shell out the 15 bucks it's going to cost you for a sandwich a la carte.I have two gripes...one being the complexity of the menu.  Hard to find what you want you first time in you might stand bewildered letting patrons pass you in line before you order. My second complaint being "Nippy cheese" what better way to ruin the most delectable pastrami ever created? Call me a traditionalist but the so called nippy cheese has the flavor of Kraft macaroni and cheese that been made with sour milk and showcases the texture of old Velveeta.Get swiss, sauerkraut, and Russian dressing on rye and come with a 20 spot.  Prepare to meet the pastrami swami.Food: This review is based solely on the pastrami sandwich. I'm a born and raised New Yorker but I have to go with Langer's pastrami over Katz's. Langer's pastrami is much more consistent as I find Katz's hit or miss. The nuts-and-bolts of a pastrami sandwich have got to be the same here or anywhere else, but why Langer's crosses the threshold into pastrami heaven, is that they added the coleslaw into the sandwich. Simple move, genius idea. Fries were typical. Drink: Water, yes I find pastrami a bit salty everywhere.Service/Ambiance/Crowd: Stereotypical deli/diner type. Nothing to piss you off, nothing to wow you.OK, without a doubt, this place has the best pastrami sandwiches.  No one has anything on Langer's.   I've tried local franchises like the Hat, and famous ones in NYC like Carnegie, but nothing comes close to way they prepare the pastrami here.  It's not too salty, it's almost like eating prime rib and it melts in your mouth.  The only negatives (and they are major) is the sketchy area and the price.  Spending about $20 for a sandwich and drink is a bit high for lunch especially considering the area it is in.   But overall, the service is great and it has a great classic look.  This is a place that all foodies should go to at least once, but overall, its hard to say you would go out of your way to come back.As terrific old-fashioned Jewish delicatessens go, this place is the very best. A true Los Angeles institution loved and frequented by everyone from blue collar types and government workers to high-power celebrity lawyers (I've often seen Mark Gerragos at Langer's). If there's such a thing as a $15 or $16 sandwich that's actually worth it, this is it! The pastrami is the star of the show at Langer's, and it's very tender and wonderful. My favorite sandwich is the pastrami and cole slaw on rye. Yes, it sounds weird. Yes, it's damned good! Also well worth trying: The corned beef Reuben sandwich on toasted rye with sauerkraut and Russian dressing, and the beef dip brisket sandwich. And don't forget the french fries and the sour dill pickles! Fantastic!Best sandwich I've ever had. I don't think I'll ever eat pastrami anywhere else again, there's just no point. I've also tried their corned beef, which is good as well. I love the bread, soft with a hard crust. Enjoying your sandwich with creme soda is the way to go. Usually I go to here around 2pm for lunch on weekdays. It's a good time, not too crowded, service is always good. It is very pricey. $17.00 for a sandwich, add a drink, maybe a side, add tip, and you're looking at $20-$30 per person.In one of my other reviews of a deli style restaurant, in defense of that restaurant (and in particular the pastrami sandwich), I quoted something my Father used to say to me, "You don't know what's good."Well if you've never had the Number 19 at Langer's ... "You don't know what's good." Period.I've had pastrami at many different places. Some that friends have claimed to be the best (I didn't know what was good). Sliced thin and piled high. On Rye. Mustard. You know.Then a friend pointed out that often, the reason it's sliced thin is probably that it was too tough to slice thicker. And often the places that do slice it thicker, deliver a much more, call it rubbery, texture. Tough and rubbery are generally not the word I want to use to describe my pastrami.And the rye? Forget about it.Never been to Langer's? Never had the Number 19?  You don't know.  You really don't ... know.You don't know what's good.But here's good news: get yourself over to Langer's and order one up. They will give you one and then ... you will know.You're welcome.The #19 was even better than I'd expected -- the rye bread is pillowy soft yet substantial, with a crisp crust, and the thick, tender pastrami is the best I've ever had. The servers are efficient, and friendly, in a matter-of fact, seen-it-all kind of way... The hours are inconvenient (close at 4). On the bright side, this means you have no excuse to avoid the place on account of the surroundings -- as far as I can tell, the MacArthur Park area (I've recently only been there during the dayt) is a vibrant and safe neighborhood (unless you've gotten yourself onto the badside of the LAPD).I've been to Langer's 3 times. The last 2 times I promised I'd order something different than the #19....I haven't.The #19 is amazing. Not in comparison to Canter's or Katz...I'm not going to pit sandwich v. sandwich on this review. The #19 is just an amazing sandwich...a 5 star sandwich.Don't worry about the neighborhood. I think it's a historic part of Los Angeles that has far less crime these days than it did in the 90's. Don't be scared out of a great piece of L.A. history.WOWOW. I tried the #5 and the #19... mmm mmm mmmmm. The #5 was corn beef and had such a sweet delicious sauce. The #19 was just too addicting. The pastrami was really salty but the russian sauce balanced it out. I couldn't get enough. And this restaurant also brought out my love for dil pickles!!I want to come back again but the neighborhood is so shady.It's silly to go here and not get the pastrami ... Order the #19, don't bother with looking at the menuSO GOOD Great serviceVery NY-style authenticHorribly scary neighborhood though... be carefulBetter pastrami sandwich than even NYC!Getting pricey and parking is a pain in a marginal neighborhood, but still definitely worth the effort.This place to me, has the best pastrami that i've ever tried. I have faithfully ordered their corned beef on rye (which is also the best i've tasted) for the last 12 years for St. Patrick's Day!!It is not in the greatest of neighborhoods but you can call your order in and they will actually bring it out to your car.  There is a parking lot across the way that validates but there are some unscrupulous characters on the path there.  Once you get inside its very clean and comfortable and the staff are friendly.A signature sandwich there comes to about $10 but is well worth it as they serve ample portions of meat in each one.If you enjoy pastrami, corned beef or deli sandwiches, then you must try this deli..Best pastrami sandwiches in the west coast, midwest and east coast, period. Darn straight, I said it. From their corned beef to their patty melt, this place is the real deal. But hands down, their #1 deli meat is the pastrami and the only way to have it is on their trademark sandwich known as the #19. My friends and I go to Langers at least once to two times a month to satisfy our craving of the #19. The sandwich consist of hand/thick cut pastrami that's done per order w/ russian dressing, slaw and swiss cheese on soft but delicious rye bread. Everything works on this sandwich and the slaw and russian dressing does not overpower the wonders and aura of the pastrami. Like they said in Friday, "this [sandwich] tastes so good, that it makes you wanna slap yo momma!" Another good sandwich that Langers serve is the #54 which is their pastrami/corned beef combo. This sandwich is literally three inches of deliciousness. The corned beef compliments the pastrami so well that all you need is a dab of mustard to push your taste buds over the edge. I strongly suggest Langers for their pastrami, corned beef and their no nonsense view of the deli classics. Start from the #19 and explore the menu from there and I promise you; once you taste the awesomeness of Langers, no deli can or will ever compare.Well what's not to say or like about Langer's that hasn't already been said? L.A.'s famed deli never dissapoints! #19 and #88 are my personal faves and the navy bean soup and matzo ball soup are deeeelish. I'd be here everyday if i wasn't trying to maintain my figure but i'll still get my fix often enough!Believe the hype.  The food is that good.Getting to Langer's brings to attention one of the few issues with this place.  Parking can be tricky.  They have a lot just down the street, but is often full.  You can wait for someone to leave if you like.  I was able to find street parking nearby.  The meters are cheap, but it is not a super neighborhood.I was by myself so I sat at the counter with no wait.  My server was quick and attentive.  Everyone there was very friendly and helpful.  I ordered the #19 with fries and a Coke.The sandwich is quite large.  I could finish it if I had not ordered the fries, but even then I would have been too full.  The rye bread is soft and tasty.  The meat is tender and has great flavor.  The cheese, cole slaw and dressing complete the package.  The fries are good and crisp.  The portion is solid.The only other minor issue is that it is on the steep side.  I think it is worth it, but it could scare some away.  I ate at the original Carnegie Deli and it is even more costly, so Langer's is just fine by me.8.3 / 10They make great deli items here. Do come back and try a variety from their menu. Please don't be one of those people who eats the No. 19 pastrami on your first visit because its on so many lists, tells other people it's the best sandwich here, because you now think you're a food critic, and you haven't even tried anything else. They really do make other great sandwiches.Score is based on overall experience, considering food, comfort, and lasting impression.Pastrami's good a little fatty but good nonetheless. breads good. Fries are meh.service fast honest and snappy.Parking is a block away at a lot. 1 hour validation.For a coke and a pastrami sandwich it was $15 lunch. Kinda pricey for a sandwich.Might go back. I can see why people love it but the area is a bit shady (just act confident and take big important strides) and there are so many pedestrians that it is kinda headache to drive here.Hands Down, the best deli in the world!! Been eating here for decadesThe best meats, bread, slaw, fish platters, sides...and incredibly friendly and fast service - easy parking...Try curbside if you're in a rush -Try fedex if you live far away -but TRY TRY to get here, sit in a booth or at the counter, and enjoy the best deli in the world!Their in-restaurant meals are well-known, so I'll say a bit about their catering.  Their "gourmet party package" is a reasonable deal at $16 per person and worked out well for us for a smallish party where we didn't have time to prepare a lot of food and didn't want to deal with having to keep it warm.  It's basically a huge cold cuts tray with bread (both the egg bread and rye bread were delicious, of course) some potato, egg and tuna salad, pickles and other odds and end and dessert (more re this below).  We also ordered 2 lb extra pastrami (at $22 a pound)  which we were easily able to keep warm and moist with the assistance of a microwave.  It didn't get used up despite 14 people in attendance who were told to bring an appetite (not a whole lot eaten by the Vegans present).  Personally, I think homemade food is almost always better but I felt we were giving everyone some decent-tasting and reasonably memorable food (I consider my food standards pretty high--a Subway sandwich party would have me wallowing in self-mortification).We ordered the party package for 12 along with the aforementioned pastrami and some extra bread and ended up with tons of leftover food.  (We also had some extras of our own, fruit salad, entirely unnecessary brownies, a cake, etc.)  Had I to do it over, I probably would have gone for the minimum order for 10 people and spent more at the liquor store on high end  wine, which seems to be everyone's obsession these days.The big hit, surprisingly, other than the pastrami, was the rasberry nut bread that came as part of the package, quite, quite divine.Service wise we had to pick up, which was fine, since my visiting friend we gave the party for wanted to go there anyway, everything came as scheduled and quoted with no real hassles.   They don't have a house caterer but rather a cashier who takes care of you in between ringing up the register and handling take-out orders but I'd rather have that than some idiot trying to upsell me.I'm pretty sure that all the other Yelpers have already said all these is need to say about the pastrami at Langer's but I'll just be a little bit repetitive. It was one of the most delicious pastrami sandwiches that I HAVE EVER EATEN. I'm not a big coleslaw fan and I had the Russian dressing on the side so that I could add it to my tasting and it was OVERWHELMINGLY DELECTABLE. So I basically slathered it all over my sandwich. All over my heaven-sent pastrami meat. Yum.Langer's is literally right around the corner from the MacArthur Park metro station. Since parking is not super accessible just take the metro instead! It's an adventure! And forget the location and its "ghetto"ness, its food in culture!I went to Langer's on a Saturday. I sat at the counter since there was no wait time to sit there. I ordered the #55 with a coke. I had eaten less than half the sandwich when the waiter brought me my check WTF. When I went to pay, the cashier was rude and threw the change in my hand...Food-4 stars worth the priceStaff-1 starFood porn is a term that has become overused and has lost most of it's zest in recent times.  People use the term to describe everything from a nice steak to a piece of toast that just popped out of their toaster.  Langer's however is food porn at it's best.  It is the true meaning of the term for the quality of the food you get and how good you feel while eating.  I have been hearing about this place for a long time.  Everyone raving about Langer's and saying that it is damn near a religious experience.  They were right.  The pastrami sandwich here makes every single sandwich in every other restaurant taste like an old piece of cardboard.  The #19 is crack.  It is the dirty obsession that you want to be in private with and enjoy and then not look other people in the eye because you are so satisfied.  It is the perverted crush that you once had and sting yearn for after all these years.  The rye bread perfect, the pastrami bring tears to your eyes it is so good.  The pickles are what they should be.  Great cheesecake too.  If you have not been there yet, drop everything and go!  I personally cannot wait to go back and get the same tingly feeling of digging into that pastrami sandwich again.Excellent pastrami! This is the third time I've been here. First time I tried the most popular #19 - did not really care for the Russian sauce and coleslaw. Just not my thing. But the bread and meat were excellent. Second time I tried their French dip pastrami -- OMG wow! The French bread was fresh and the au jus was oh-so-yummy-you-will-want-to-drink-it good! The only thing is the French dip seemed smaller than the regular sandwich on rye. I'm not sure if they weigh the meat portion, but the breads definitely differ in size. Who knows? Could be an optical illusion. Third time (just today) I tried the plain pastrami on rye and used Gulden's spicy mustard -- so having tried their pastrami 3 ways, I can honestly tell you this sandwich in it's purest form was simply the BEST! No frills, nothing to make the bread soggy, nothing oozing out as you bite except meat. Delicious!!!We got there around 11:40 and found parking easily in their lot off Westlake. No waiting in line and free parking with validation, baby!Pastramis are gut busting. Pastramis from Langers are beyond gut busting. Their slices of meat are thick, tender and perfectly seasoned, not overly salty. Every bite..... just magical.  What sets this place aside from others is the thickness of their meat, its quality meets quantity.Came here early on a Friday morning about an hour after they opened at 9:00 AM. I happened to find some parking on the street before Alvarado at 8th St so I just decided  to park on the street and save myself the hassle of validation or going to some lot. Langer's sits on the corner of 8th and Alvarado across the street from McArthur Park with easy access from the Metro Light Rail (Red/Purple Line).Anyway, I walked in and the place looks pretty neat, kinda like the inside of an old vintage diner atmosphere. I approached the lady at the counter and proceeded with my to-go order for the #19, the pastrami with slaw on rye, but as I noticed the thick pieces of pastrami, I asked for the pastrami thin sliced (as I usually have it elsewhere). The woman at the counter then proceeded to bring the order slip to the kitchen and begin to make my sandwich.In about five minutes, the worker acknowledged me, and notified that my order was ready. He was very kind to give me a few extra packets of mustard when I only wanted a pack or two. I got back in my car, and drove home. I unwrapped the sandwich and I found the sandwich to look "heart-shaped" which was pretty cool. Now that, I did not expect. I took a first bite and thought it was missing something. I took a bigger bite, and I definitely knew it was missing something. THE MUSTARD was missing! I threw on some mustard on the sandwich and my my, it hit the spot! They also put the pickles on the side, which I didn't really care much for, so I just ate them separately. After finishing the first half of the sandwich, I decided to try each of the ingredients separately for the second half. Here's a breakdown of each ingredient:Pastrami: Surprising delicious, even though they could have added a bit more salt. But hey, everyone's different, so salt to taste. There was so much texture in the pastrami with the right amount of fat, it was so good I didn't even care that it wasn't salty enough. I did order the pastrami thin sliced, so maybe I'll try it with thick slices as they normally prepare it next time.Slaw: Not bad, but not the best I've had either. I personally prefer slaw from Southern BBQ restaurants, but their's wasn't bad at all though. It did compliment the sandwich just fine. Rye Bread: The bread was delicious, and very soft. The dressing/slaw made the bread just a bit soggy, which I really do not mind at all! In fact, it made the bread quite enjoyable to eat. Unfortunately, like James N, I'm also not a fan of breads having hard crusts either. No big deal about the crust really, I could have just asked for it to be removed like James had.Rating Breakdown: Atmosphere: 5/5Service: 5/5Parking: 3.5/5 Food: 4/5 (Still have yet to try other sammiches! I'm staying optimistic about this spot)So to round it all up, it's about a 4.5/5 for this spot. Come try for yourself!help!! take me to the ER! I'mma have a heart attack!! The pastrami here is amazing here, people. It's about $20 for a HUGE sandwich, slaw, and a drink. I know it's a bit steep but this ish is tasty! Everything about this place is a lot of fun, the ambiance, the people, the friendly waitresses, the FOOD. This hole in the wall has a 70's vibe to it. I swear, it's so good. The sandwish melts in your mouth, just like it should. Parking is available in one of the adjacent lots, validation is required. Otherwise, good luck finding street parking. ENJOY your meal!!Wow, this place is apparently not a secret.  Went here to eat a while back & didn't have a chance to return until recently.  Was volunteering at Esperanza Elementary School around the corner (Reading To Kids), and just had to stop by before taking the Metro Red Line back home.  It is about a block South of the Westlake/MacArthur Park station.  There is a parking lot across the street, but it is often packed.I decided to get take out and asked the counter person for half a pound of pastrami.  They also have cheeses, bread, other cuts of meat.  Yes, it is expensive, yes, it is in a bad neighborhood, and yes, it was worth it!My half-pound of pastrami amounted to a whopping $10.  It was about a 5 minute wait for them to package it.  They wrapped it in plastic & sheets of paper, so I stunk up the whole train on the way home.  I bought some rye bread from the Oroweat Outlet store (check my reviews) and whipped together a quick sandwich.  I decided not to get the Langer's bread because it was over $5/loaf and I like my rye softer.  I toasted the whole thing, slapped on some Dijon mustard, and it was amazing.  The meat was tender, savory, full of spices and fat.  However, the fat wasn't gross.  It was also delicious and I'm ashamed to admit I ate every last bite.I was able to eke out 4 sandwiches from my half-pound of pastrami, but I made them light on the meat and heavier on the veggies.  Try this for a slightly healthier and much less expensive option than eating in.  If you eat in, it will probably run you about $15-$18/head, including tips/tax.  Everything in moderation, including scrumptious pastrami! :)My SO had brought me pastrami from Katz's in New York 2 days before. So this review is relative to Katz's. The pastrami here tastes like corned beef -- it's flaky and salty.  If I wanted corned beef, I'd order corned beef. Meanwhile, Katz's is a mouthful of fatty goodness.We lived through 1 hour of L.A. traffic to get to this place -- honestly, maybe I'd drive 15 minutes to go here, and I wouldn't ever get cravings for the place. The pastrami tasted like corned beef. If I want a Langer's pastrami sandwich -- I'd just get a corned beef sandwich anywhere.Their rye bread was really good. Soft on the insider,crunchy on the outside.Best deli food I have ever eaten. As recommended, the #19 was excellent, more recently I've enjoyed a massive ham & swiss sandwich (a little too heavy on the mayo, I'll have to ask them to go light on the mayo next time). Curteous enough staff--much better than my experiences with other deli staff. Way to go, Langer's.Almost forgot, be warned: they close at 4:00PM!!! Bizarre.(Check out of much better review of this and others in Jonathan Gold's collection of criticism, "Counter Intelligence". Picked that book up before going to Langer's, and now I swear by Gold's opinions.)LA's landmark, right? sure i guess. after living in LA for 14 years, i FINALLY got to try the famous #19 pastrami sandwich. well I'm glad I wasn't missing out on something amazing. don't get me wrong. the hype isn't really overrated. it was a very tasty, very good quality pastrami sandwich. i really liked their fresh and moist bread. the cole slaw was fantastic. and of course, the pastrami's good too. but a pastrami sandwich for $15? not overrated but definitely overpriced. call me cheap but if you are charging me $15 for a sandwich, it better be some cloud splitting angels singing taste.  i would give it a 4.5 stars for $10.service is good. parking isn't so bad. it's about one block away where you can park for free with validation from the restaurant. but maybe you want to beat the lunch crowd during weekends. and the tables are for 4 ppl so not the best place for big groups. if you havent had it, go ahead, eat it and be over with it.We found ourselves in LA a couple short weeks after grubbing in NYC. It was time to see which coast does "the deli" better. The matchup? Katz's vs. Langer's.Katz's had delicious pastrami, corned beef and salami. Their potato pancakes were a bit disappointing.Langer's pastrami blew Katz's away. I give Katz's the nod for the corned beef, mainly because I really dig their mustard over Langer's supermarket Gulden's. The potato pancakes were top-notch, rich with onion-y potato-y flavor. So good! Their club with turkey and ham was quite delicious and even their hot dog knocked my socks off.The winner of the battle of the better deli was clearly LA and Langer's. Well done, sir.Another to-eat on my list in So cal. Langer's Deli-Restaurant is in a area which is older, but aren't most classic eatery in the more older area? Just go there and be very well prepared to have one of the best Pastrami one can experience! Top notch Pastrami!! I order the Pastrami French Dip with Cole slaw and ice tea (my favorite combo). Server came out in a white shirt and bow tie, very classy and very professional, took my order and promptly was served after a short wait. The pastrami sandwich had a very generous portion along with the side of fresh cole slaw and 3 pickle spears!! The Au jus was very rich and flavorful for dipping the pastrami sandwich and the taste was "perfecto". Bite after bite, it hit the spot and felt this institution should be in every major city. San Francisco could use a Langer's!! Pricey it is( yes, my total billed was about $22), but you want excellent pastrami, come here, you want less than perfect pastrami, i guess you could go to other chain owned sandwich shops for $8-12 for the same meal. Yes, you pay for the name, reputation, service, etc.NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM.That is the sound of me chowing down on the best pastrami melt ever.  My previous favorite was Kenny & Ziggy's in Houston but Langer's has them beat.  I ordered the #44 which is hot pastrami with Nippy American, jewish kimchi (I mean sauerkraut) on grilled rye.  Their rye bread is huge - each side of the sandwich is the size of a normal sandwich on rye.  I really should have just eaten half and given half to my friend because I pretty much waddled out of the place.  The pastrami melts in your mouth.  They butter the bread just right and grill it to the perfect crunchiness.  The american cheese works perfectly for me.  Some may prefer swiss, not I.  I liked their pickles - they were reminiscent of Claussen, which is my favorite store-bought pickle, but not identical.I also ordered the noodle-kugel.  Being a gal of Jewish descent, I am a self-proclaimed expert on kugel, both its consumption and production.  I've never had a restaurant kugel that I have loved, but I liked this one at least.  The service was very good - the host led me to the small 2p. tables to wait for my friend but gave me the option to level up to a bigger one once she arrived.  Our waitress was friendly and the sandwiches were cooked fairly quickly.As for prices, well, they're high.  You're looking at $13-18 for a sandwich depending on what you order.  But dayum, they are good sandwiches and you could reasonably eat them over two meals.  I couldn't come here every week even if I lived here but I would find myself wanting to.  There are so many sandwiches to try, but I am not sure I'd ever risk not ordering the delectable #44.Fantastic LA pastrami!Langer's is an LA institution that's famous for its pastrami.  The parking is a pain in the ass, because you have to park at this Langer's lot that's like, a block away, and then if you get to the restaurant around lunchtime, you have to wait in this long line.  However, the good news is that they are used to this lunchtime rush so they are very efficient and the line moves at a good pace.I got the classic #19 - which consists of pastrami, swiss cheese, and cole slaw on rye bread - and I was not disappointed.  The meat is piled high, and the bread is soooo good.  The rye has a bit of a spiciness to it, which keeps it exciting.  My friends and I also split the chili cheese fries, which were hot and steaming and delicious.  If you are a pastrami fan in LA, you must visit this place.  If not, it's still worth a visit.  I wouldn't necessarily be coming back here anytime soon since it's such a hassle to deal with the parking and such, but I am very glad I came at least once.I'm not a pastrami connoisseur but I know dry and not that good when I taste it. I've been to Katz in NY and their pastrami does not to compare to Langer's. The pastrami at Langer's is moist, tender, juicy and delicious meaty-goodness!#19 is the way to go. The cole slaw, rye bread, swiss and pastrami meld together for an amazing sandwich-eating experience. They're chili cheese fries are to die for as well. Big steak fries covered in hearty chili and topped with melted cheddar cheese. Freaking delicious!The restaurant's been around for over 60 years and the place probably hasn't changed one bit. It's an old-school style deli with brown booths and definitely gives that old-deli feel. Nice little old white ladies that bring you anything you need and are usually very friendly.This place is a little pricey (about $40 for two #19 and a chili cheese fries) but it's definitely worth the money.Best Pastrami sandwich I've had since Katz's in New York.  I'm gonna have to warn you, DO NOT GO HERE!  This place will change your whole standards of what Pastrami should be.  Forget all that thin-sliced/rubbery/cold play-meat most sandwich places will serve you and call by the same name.  Some may come close, but none can compare.  Like everyone else, we got the #19= Soooo gooood!  We also got macaroni salad and fries= Not bad!  The restaurant itself is awesome= Old school feel that only helps the taste of the food seem more authentic.  Our server was super nice.  The surrounding area kinda sucks, but if you can get passed that, Langer's is awesome!3.5 stars - It's no Katz's, but certainly better than Canter's---------------------------------------After being thoroughly underwhelmed by my Jewish delicatessen experience on Fairfax, I was drawn to Langer's like a moth to the flame.I got the #19 (pastrami with cole slaw and Swiss chesse); she got the #88 (which is a Reuben).   Although good, I would say this doesn't compare to Katz's in NYC.  Here's why.  The pastrami at Katz's is fattier and more succulent.  The pastrami we got here was a bit on the dry side.  Ironically, we enjoyed the #88 (corned beef) precisely because it's more succulent.  Plus, hot sauerkraut and Thousand Island dressing are a welcome addition to round out the dish.Unfortunately, the pickle was forgettable (salty / not crisp); the crinkle cut fries were only average - not crispy enough.  And the hours are "mehh" (Only open from 8-4 Mon-Sat)They accept Visa and Mastercard, and free 90 minute parking with validation.When I planning my last L.A. trip, the bf said he wanted to go to Langer's.  When I asked, "what's Langers?" he was shocked.  "And you're from L.A.?!"  =/  So we went to Langer's once we got into L.A.We got the chicken liver and pastrami sandwich.  Wow.  Just wow.  If you're not a liver fan, go with the regular pastrami but I loved the combo of chicken liver pate on pastrami.  And it is by far, the best pastrami I have had.  And the servers there are the absolute sweetest.  And you can tell they're lifers.  We also ordered a chili cheese fries which were also pretty good, though I could've done without.  And finally, I had a root beer float.  You can't go wrong with a root beer float to wash that liver and pastrami down.  Heavenly.  :)It's also worth noting that the diner is in a rough neighborhood but since it's only open during the daytime, there's not much to worry about.  Just don't park too far from the diner.If you're ever in LA, you have to eat at Langer's.  If you live in LA, lucky you and why aren't you going here weekly?  I was visiting a friend in LA, who took me here and I have to say Langer's was probably my favorite food spot of the visit and I know there's A LOT of good food in LA.  We had already been eating non-stop since coming here and neither of us were even that hungry when we stopped in.  My friend ordered the #19 for us, which we shared because they're pretty big sandwiches.  I was blown away!  For not even being that hungry, I demolished my half of the sandwich and every bite was oh so delicious.  The pastrami was melt in your mouth, the rye bread was light and fluffy in the middle, crispy on the outside, and the coleslaw and Russian dressing added the perfect flavor to the juicy pastrami.  *drool*  We also ordered a side order of fries, but if you have room in your stomach, I'd opt for the chili fries.  I was eyeing the next table's :)  Mad props to our waitress too.  She had to have been in her 60's or 70's and had more energy than me and my friend combined.  I was impressed.Service: 3 starsYou can usually avoid a long wait if you arrive before noon and opt to sit at the breakfast bar.  The food arrived quickly but the waitress was not very attentative after the food arrived.  Food: 5 starsYUM!!!  The pastrami is tender, flavorful and hand craved here!! The cole slaw and the sweet pickles from the sauce makes the sandwich taste even better! I ordered the #1 (see pic) which is their famous #19 without the slice of cheese.  The rye bread is delicious too!  Liked the crispy bread crust and the flavor of the bread alone. I was pretty stuffed after I finished half of the sandwich so I probably would order 1/2 sandwich next time I'm there.  The side of mac salad looks pretty good so I'd probably try that too.Parking: There's an open lot on the adjacent block.  Be sure to validate your parking ticket at the restaurant.It's more than a DELIcatessen. It's freaking DELIcious. In the middle of a town with pollo joints and Mexican hot spots, you'll see Langers on the corner of S. Alvarado Street. It's really hard to miss. Ordered #19, which is a popular fave. Inside two deliciously seasoned moist pieces of rye with crispy edges are layers of pastrami, swiss cheese, their cole slaw, and dressing. Meaty goodness. I usually don't go gaga over deli sandwiches but WOW it was good. All I was thinking while eating it was "How can anything like this taste so good?!" I was left dumbfounded. Simply amazing.It's kind of on the pricier side. $15 for a sandwich!!! But before you say anything about the price, you have to try it first. It kind of justifies why it was so expensive to start with. But I still kind of think they should charge a little less, but then again, if they did, they would have A LOT more customers than they have already!! Oh, and one more thing. Call in ahead of time if you're picking up a to-go order.. the line is very long when you arrive. You'll save so much time. :)Langer's: Please do me a huge favor and open a shop in NorCal!!I just visited Langer's for the first time last week with my fellow Yelper (and Foodie Friend) Paul.I ordered number 19.People, memorize number 19.It's their signature dish: pastrami on rye with cole slaw.Now, I must say, I'm no cole slaw fan, really.  Just never been a mayo type gal and I can get ridiculously picky about how I have my cabbage done.  But it wasn't bad.  I would probably get it without the next time, just to avoid the calories, but for those of you who are on the fence about cole slaw or just love it, then you'll enjoy.  Incidentally, this sammich is HUGE!  Two people could leave full off this thing.The pastrami melts in your mouth; chewing is totally unnecessary (though I recommend it to satisfy those pesky taste buds and prevent your colon from exploding).And few things make me happier than rye.  Only thing that would have been better was if it was whole grain wheat.   (I actually prefer the taste of wheat to white strangely.)It's a part of L.A.'s landscape and should be, this place.  It's expensive for a sandwhich, but well worth it.  Next time I'm trying the sausage.For Langer's 1,234th review, I shall say that I had an amazing time.The BF has been wanting to go here since.. OH i don't even know, since that damn guy on the ESPN radio show mentioned it (wait, he mentions it everyday?)  Apparently this place is the palace of pastrami, the #19 its king.  The BF is from new york and has tons of good ol' pastrami so we just haaad to come through this joint.#19 IS fantastic and as magical as that Max guy makes it seem.  Corned Beef Reuben - so good! I personally think it was better than the #19, but that's just me, the corned beef was deliciousFrench Dip - good stuff, the au jus was great (even with fries)Overall - good place for a not-so-light Saturday lunch, we got there before noon so there wasn't much of a wait eitherTried Langers as last minute lunch invite and I will forever be thankful to my co-workers..Now I have had some good pastrami and some horrible pastrami..and this place does their pastrami right..Very lean, very tasty and they are very generous with their portions..The rye bread was fresh and just perfect..Add a side of fries to share and some cole slaw and I was one happy luncher..Cant give it 5 only because my heart does belong to Katz in NY pastrami..but I tell you what this place does not come far behind..Katz wins by a nose...Service is top notch...never once had to ask for more water, napkins or anything they are on their game...The area can be a little sketchy but at no point did we feel uncomfortable, mostly folks in suits and ties inside...Just so you know parking is one block east of Alvarado on Wilshire, free with validation for one hour.I will be back and it will be soon..It's obvious that you must try the pastrami here. It's tender and flavorful, made to perfection!All that hype on best Pastrami by 710 ESPN?  Yeah, this place is definitely the best pastrami I have tried.  I wouldn't say I tried every restaurant that offered a pastrami sandwich, but I had quite a few experiences.  The pastrami here offers thick cuts.  I had a #44 with swiss cheese instead of the american cheese, and it was great.  Grilled Rye, sauerkraut, cheese, and nice cuts of Pastrami.  I recommend you ask for the Russian style dressing as it compliments the sandwich real well.Since I was bringing manfriend lunch, I called in a drive up order. From the time I called to curbside delivery was about 15 minutes. This was at 11 am though so it might be longer closer to noon. Two #19's was about $30. The amount of food you get makes it worth it. Best pastrami I've had in CA - by far.When Nora Ephron (who, before she became a shitty director was a pretty good foodie-centric NYC writer) writes that Langer's is the best pastrami sandwich in the country in the friggin' New Yorker, well, come on, it's GOOD.The pastrami is thick cut, which really takes this sandwich out of the realm of regular pastrami. My husband gripes that he prefers Canter's or Brent's because it's old school thin sliced, but it's apples and oranges if you ask me. Both good in their own way. The best part of a Langer's sandwich, though, is the bread -- not the tough, brittle stuff you usually get with deli sandwiches. The only mistake I've ever made here is getting the cole slaw ON my sandwich. Yes, I know that's the most popular combination, but that doesn't mean I have to like it, people. Personally, I think it's a horrible thing to do to a good sandwich. The slaw is too sicky-sweet, it overpowers the meat and it turns it the sandwich into a goppy mess. Why the hell would you slop on some sugary crap when you've got excellent quality meat and delicious, fresh bread? That's shit they pull in restaurants when they're serving food that's about to turn. Ugh.But ordering cole slaw was just my giving into peer pressure -- now I know to go for pastrami straight-up. If you prefer savory to sweet, just a heads-up. Yes, the area is a sucking hole, but there's always a guard at the parking lot and no one's going to scalp you in broad daylight. Go, go, go. And unless you have a sweet tooth, skip the slaw or get it on the side.Last Friday I went to Katz's Deli in NY and had a pastrami sandwich, cream soda, french fries and pickles.This Friday, I went to Langer's for a #19 with french fries and a cream soda, and of course, pickles.Katz's wins in french fries and interesting-NY-experience departments.  Hell, even their cream soda was better (dr browns) but let's get real here.  The Langer's #19 stole the show, and this competition isn't about sodas and french fries, it's about the better pastrami sandwich.there you have it.  a side by side comparison within a reasonable time frame.now, if only i could get the french fries at katz's to be served with my langer's #19... except i'm pretty sure that's what heaven is, so i'll have to wait it out.This place has been around forever and now I understand why.  The food is great.  Yes, its in the ghetto and yes you will wait to be seated but its well worth it.  Good size portions.  I ordered the soup and sandwich and was very satisfied.  Friendly service and the waiter took the time to explain things.  I even went back for breakfast, a week later. The pancakes are heaven.  Worth every bite! Parking on 7th and Westlake. Don't waste your time looking for parking on Alvarado.  They validate.The Hype was immense. It was featured on the Food Network, and Food Network recommendations have been severely disappointing before. Not only that, but it has amazing 600+ reviews on Yelp!When I first bit into #19, I think I heard angels singing. And bells.Pro-tip: must call ahead and do the curb-side service! Makes things a lot smoother.Food is fine (as in the pastrami and pastrami only), if they get your order right, but if they don't and it's curbside pick up...then what do you do?  Nothing.  You're stuck with a cold sandwich that you do not want.  And one other thing, the roast beef sandwich, which I did not want, is dry and tasteless.   I can't believe they sell this piece of sorry excuse of a sandwich for $14.00!!!!!!  Absolutely insane!!!  This has to be absolutely WORST sandwich I've eaten!   Bottom line - not only did they get my order wrong, they gave me a craptacular sandwich!  Won't return.  Lame.This is another LA staple! Get the #19 that shit is bomb! This is a gourmet sandwich and I have to it's the best in the city.  It's close to the Red/Purple Line station at  West lake/MacArthur Park to walk and they validate one hour free parking.I remember coming here when I was really young and I have to say nothing has really changed. Everything is basically the same except I have to say the food got better over time. Always great and fast service here. Oh by the ways if you want Langers across the country, well they also FedEx it to you next day. It doesn't get any better than that. Another thing that changed over the time was the city name the center Langer square. This place makes everything right. The rye bread and the pastrami is top notch.Had the Pastrami Dip.. thought it would be easier on my sore throat than the famous #19.The roll was very soft and they pile on the Pastrami which was yum-oh! You can tell its quality pastrami since it wasn't dripping with fat. It tasted like healthy pastrami.(if there is a such). The Au Jus was very dark almost like a black liquid, which I found odd..but nonetheless was very good. Next time I go back, I will try  #19.People have been telling me to come here for years and I don't know why I waited so long to try this place. So, with a friend from Canada and the day off this past Monday, we went to this Los Angeles institution. It was the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. Hands down! We told our waiter, Frank that we want the typical Langer's lunch that consisted of Matzo Ball Soup, Cream Soda, and #25.  What makes the sandwich so unique is the bread, tender, flavorful meat, dressing, and coleslaw.  It was more than enough food for two people.  We even met Mr. Langer, the big boss himself and talked with him about how great the food is.  I highly recommend this restaurant for a typical LA experience.What can i say about Langers that has not been said before? Probably nothing, I just have to reiterate that it is hands down, without a doubt, the most amazingly delicious pastrami sandwich i have ever had in my entire life. Flavors that will rock your world. I could not stop "mmm"ing to myself as I ate. Do yourself a favor, go and get the hot pastrami with sauerkraut.On the flip side, I also tried the brisket french dip but it was not nearly as good as french dips i have had elsewhere (and i haven't even been to the "best" french dip places). the au jus was quite good, but the meat wasn't very flavorful, and the au jus tasted a little... unauthentic...but that pastrami. SERIOUSLY that pastrami... unbelievable.I am so ashamed of myself. All this time has passed and I never realized I did not write a review for Langer's. That is what happens when I eat out too much and forget what I reviewed or didn't review.I've been here many times so I had the opportunity to try a good variety of things on their menu, from their famous #19 to their matzo ball soup. I'll just give a quick review of everything I've tried to make this review as short as possible.Although their sandwich menu looks extensive, it honestly is far from it. They have the same types of sandwiches, but rotate the type of meat.  I have to say the pastrami is my favorite with the roast beef at a close second and the corned beef is faaar behind. The corned beef is too salty for my taste. The Pastrami is just amazing. I love it here because they give you thick cuts of meat so you can really get a sense of how amazingly tender, moist, and flavorful the meat is. COMBINATION SANDWICHES#3 Corned beef, swiss cheese, and sauerkraut is a very salty thumbs down#19 pastrami is a must order/try#44 Pastrami, sauerkraut and nippy cheese is also a must try#24 roast beef, lettuce, tomato, and russian dressing was good, nothing beats their pastramiFrench Dipped Sandwiches - Both the pastrami and roast beef versions are really good! They have a great Au Jus sauce.SIDES -  Home fries: You really need a table of four to eat this bad boy. Its basically an undercooked hash brown. A very large, fills an entire plate, undercooked hash brown. -  Regular Crinkle Fries: ehhh, its just fries -  Chili Cheese (crinkle) fries - Above review, but with a very oil chilly cheese splatter on top and a puddle on the bottom. Its a good oily mess =) -  Barley Mushroom with Giblets Soup: Yuuum...very good on a cold day. Its basically a chicken soup with barley. I love barley in my soup so I would order this again.  -  Matzo Ball Soup: I'm not a fanDESSERTApple Pie with Brandy sauce a la mode: It came out steaming as if it were freshly baked! The brandy sauce is very pungent, so be warned. The combination of the three was just delicious. The brandy and apple pie would be sweet and warm together, but the vanilla ice cream cools and mellows out the flavors.A must must order!!!Strawberry shortcake with ice cream: Its wonderful to look at....but thats about it. Nothing spectacular.I rarely go to that side of town anymore, but when I heard they were giving out free sandwiches for their 65th anniversary.....well come on, now,  "free" is my favorite four-letter word. Besides the wife had never had Langers before so this was as good as an excuse as we were gonna get. I'm a corned beef kind of guy so that is what I normally order. I asked for the CB while everyone else got the #19, which I'd never tried before. The food comes and I grab a half of the #19. Dude. DUDE. Oh my gawd. Where has this been all my life? Why have I been living in darkness all this time? I take the rest of the kid's sandwich and give her the corned beef. Parental rights. We pack one up carefully and take it home where I can nom it before anyone else can get to it first. Damn that was good. I still like the Hat. I still like Johnnie's over on the westside. But on the really real? Langers is king. Boss. Top dog. Any other pastrami from anywhere else will be 2nd best.AHHHH Langers!!!!Your one in a millionYou got the shotgun shineBorn under a bad signWith the blue moon in your eyesI'm guessing I made a bad decision in ordering my pastrami "extra lean" because it was suuuuper dry. The rye was good and I liked the Russian dressing although I could have used a lot more to compensate for the dry meat. I'll have to try again sometime and opt for full-fat :)The #19 pastrami on rye with sole slaw and russian dressing is out of this world. This place has so many awards and it is such an institution, they have signs on every corner that say "Langer's Square". The #3 corned beef with sauerkraut and Swiss is also excellent.  The sandwiches are all big enough to split with a small salad for lunch.Read the review here for Langer's.  No doubt about it, it's the pastrami sandwich!  This is the only place where I'll order a cole slaw, and actually eat it!  That's crazy!I've also got to try the other sandwich, pastrami with cream cheese, and that was really good.The only thing is the price, it's a little high for me.  I guess it's worth it when the cole slaw taste the way they make it.Long have I yearned for the sweet, sweet meat of hand-cut pastrami and corned beef a la New York's famed Jewish delis. Retreating to SoCal every now and then, I learned of Langer's from a magazine article, and immediately said to myself, "It will be mine... Oh yes, it will be mine."On our way to "the happiest place on Earth," the gf, the cousin, the dog and I skip the traditional chicken fried steak and eggs breakfast at Mike's Roadhouse in Kettleman City along I-5, and head straight for the Westlake district of LA for some gnoshing. As we approach Langer's, we notice something... We're in the freakin' ghetto. The weather was quite warm, we had the dog with us, so we decide that perhaps it's best to get it to-go rather than risk having our car broken into and losing everything we brought with us for our little four-day excursion.Looking at the menu posted in the window made my mouth water, but the prices immediately made my palate flaccid. I've paid $17 for a sandwich before, but that was a Kryptonite from Ike's (inspired by Man v. Food) which was a 5 lbs. sandwich. Needless to say, this sandwich better be worth is.I ordered a # 80-something. It had pastrami, Swiss cheese and sauerkraut with mustard on rye. The gf ordered a pastrami on rye with LIVERWURST (Ugh!) and the cousin ordered the traditional #19. In total, we spent $45... $45??? For sandwiches??? These better be the best sandwiches that have ever graced my mouth with its presence...I speed for as long as I can down I-5 so that we can eat, but unfortunately because LA is the only place in the world that has 6-lane freeways and 24 hour traffic, we have to hold our appetites for another 40 mins.I will say that Langer's knows how to pack a hot sandwich; it was purposefully wrapped in butcher paper to ensure maximum heat retention without creating soggy bread from meat juices and condensation. My sandwich was beautifully made, the meat was juicy, tender and a little fatty (in other words, PERFECT), and like a well-scripted sitcom/TV series leaves you wanting MORE. The gf's sandwich gave her the runs unfortunately; liverwurst=BAAAAAAD. The cousin inhaled his sandwich and forgot to taste it on the way down.I will say that Langer's is good, but it's not $15-a-pop good. Yes, the bread is fresh, and yes, the pastrami is juicy, tender and a bit fatty. But price-wise, I can't warrant spending almost $50 on SANDWICHES that really didn't satisfy the hunger.So I've been going here for lunch more than a few times every month. This  review is based solely on their rye bread, corned beef and their pastrami. First off, I have not had better rye. I want almost every sandwich they make their on their Russian Rye. It's probably the best part of about their corned beefs/pastramis. Their corned beef is ok, a little thickly sliced for my liking but still pretty good. I'm not usually a fan of pastrami, especially out in LA. It's usually too greasy and fatty. I've been to Phillipe's, The Hat, Johnnies etc... The pastrami here is actually almost perfect. It actually tastes good a little thicker and is seasoned well as so not to be overwhelming. Plus, it's on that Russian Rye.I have to admit I've never dined in. I always do curbside so it's relatively easy. Some people might call this neighborhood sketchy but I consider it historical. It used to be the happening part of town back in the classic days.Love this place the best Pastrami Sandwhiches ever.... Service is wonderful, even though the place is packed and there is usually a line to get in... I have to agree with other's it is not in the best area, however I will go there if I am in the area.Another great perk is that you can park in a secure parking lot and just walk up a block to the resturant at extra cost to you for parking...The area that Langer's is in is TERRIBLE.. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE.  Which can only attest to HOW AMAZING THIS FOOD IS for me to still give it 5 stars!!!!BEST BEST BEST deli sandwich I have EVER had. I got the #19.  Just the original pastrami sandwich that the waitresses/waiters seem to recommend to anywho who walks in.  It's a sandwich on Russian bread that has THICK slices of DELICIOUS pastrami, topped with SWEET AMAZING cole slaw, and a slice of cheese.  Simple, yet UNBELIEVABLY GREAT!!!!!  O yea, they close at 4 everyday, WTH!?Food is kind of expensive, coming out to about $12-$14.  but once again, THAT'S HOW GREAT THE FOOD IS!!..Go there, try the food, and then thank me later by clicking on the "useful" box.!As with BBQ and Deep Dish Pizza I am always on the hunt for great Pastrami.  I heard about this place many years ago and tried their Pastrami well before the Red Line Metro arrived. Back then MacArthur Park was a haven for gang members and dope dealers.  It was a really scary place and Langer's used to be dead during the lunch hour.   Since they put in the Red Line, the place is less scary but it's not the best neighborhood to be walking around at night.  I think this is reason why Langer's has such odd hours, they close in mid afternoon.  However the place is hopping, with the help of the Food Channel, Huell Howser Special and the Metro Red Line Station.    In a previous review I said Langers Pastrami had a weird taste to it but recent visits proved it was a fluke.  I've had several types of their sandwiches and they were all good.  But my fav is the #44 - "HOT PASTRAMI, Sauerkraut and Nippy Cheese Grilled on Rye".  Just like Katz's in NYC, but Katz's still holds the edge because the Kraut is better tasting as well as their Pastrami meat.  However, it's a toss up between Bay Cities Deli in Santa Monica.  I'll have to research this problem further.I'll get back to you guys later.There is always a line, but it moves quick (10 minutes max).  Best thing to do here is to sit at the counter, they can almost always sit you right away if your willing to do that, and it does not effect the experience, it probably enhances it.Once you sit down, your thinking should stop.  Get the #19, delicious thick cut pastrami on rye with amazing cole slaw.  Don't forget to get the crinkle cut fries, reminds you of those ore ida fries that used to come in a redb brick shaped box.This place is not cheap, sandwhich cokes and shared fries bring you up to about $20 per person.  Still worth it.  Go enjoy!Went here for lunch today and had the Hot Pastrami with Swiss. Man it was delicious. Drove around the block three times looking for parking only to find out from the waitress that they have a lot around the corner. Everything here is kosher except the price...$13 for a pastrami sandwhich!?!?!?! Geez!!!It'd be 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive.  I was shocked by the prices on the menu for their various pastrami sandwiches.  Of course I didn't look at anything else, I'm in a Jewish deli afterall.  I ended up ordering the small cup of soup with half a sandwich.  So I had the matzo ball soup and half a plain pastrami sandwich.  The soup was good, never had matzo ball or matzo ball soup so I wanted to try it, I liked it.  Glad I didn't get the whole sandwich because half was the perfect portion with the soup.  I've never had thick-sliced pastrami and I must say, it was delicious.  I normally hate rye bread, but that rye bread that came with it was also delish.  It was soft in the middle and crunchy on the outside.  Didn't experience that nasty taste I normally get by biting into those rye seeds accidentally.  Just added some spicy mustard and it was perfect.Their fries looked like and tasted like one of those frozen crinkly fries, okay, nothing special.  One of my colleagues had the #19 and it was pretty big.  Looked good though so I'll have to try that.  Won't be back too soon though since it'll be a relatively expensive lunch.  Worth indulging once in a while.Sadly, this is one of those places where the legend outweighs the lunch.  I had been meaning to try Langers for years, and today I was in downtown and decided to grab a sandwich from their curbside pickup. First strike - they wouldn't make the sandwich I wanted.  I've ordered a grilled corned beef and swiss on rye w/ russian dressing and slaw from pretty much every other deli in town.  Langers refused to put the slaw on my sandwich because they didn't have a number that matched my combination (wtf?),  then said that they wouldn't put slaw on a grilled sandwich.  They she put me on hold and said that they could give me a side of slaw for $2.50.  So I just got a grilled corned beef and swiss on rye w/ russian dressing.Second strike- the sandwich itself.  The meat was about 40% fat and just seemed kind of...meh. Also, for a $15 sandwich, I was expecting a sandwich stacked with meat - you know, the kind you can only eat half of now and half of tomorrow?  This one was pretty skimpy, especially since so much of it was fat. (Mine did not look like the ones in many of the photos on yelp!).  The cheese wasn't melted at all and the bread was greasy, not crisp. There was also no Russian dressing.  I didn't even finish half.Maybe I should have had the pastrami....I just wasn't wowed. Despite all the hype I have heard about this place, for me it just didn't live up to my expectation. Sorry Langer's die-hards, but everyone has an opinion.  So while in the area I finally decide to finally try the famous number 19. After ordering, I was a bit surprised that the damn pastrami was over sixteen dollars. Wow, it must be as good as advertised, I thought. But after taking my first bite, I soon realized that at least for me, I would prefer a pastrami from a local burger stand more than half the price cheaper.The number 19 at Langer's utilizes a thick cut of pastrami on rye bread with a mild white cheese and coleslaw with Russian dressing. Although a good sandwich, I just am not a fan of the rye bread and hefty price. I am now ready to be deported from LA.Best Pastrami in Los Angeles. Every time I go, it's about a twenty minute wait in line though, but every time I wait because it's worth it. The other bummer is that they close so early. I wish they were open for dinner.WHAT I EAT, EVERY TIME: #19#19 = Bombdiggity!!! - 5 starsPastrami w/slaw on rye. Get extra Russian dressing!  Perfect portions of meat, slaw & bread. Not too much of anything and pastrami came out hot while everything else was cool/room temperature. Rye bread for deliciously crispy around while soft and chewy inside. Moist and absolutely delicious!Potato Knish w/Brown Gravy - 3 starsWaitress described this as apple pie crust filled with potato or ground beef. We opted for the potato version which was tastey but not that exciting. It was pretty much a baked/mashed potato consistency with a semi crispy crust. Overall, I would so come back for #19! A sandwich will run you about $15 but these can easily be split between 2 girls making you both full and satisfied.Parking is across the street on Alvarado.Call in your pastrami.  Tell them the type of vehicle you will be in when you drive up. Tell them in what denomination you will be paying with, so they will have your change for you as you puil up....Open window, p/u order, drive away and enjoy.  This is lean deli style pastrami, not the Johnny's drive -in kind....and it is pretty huge, so you may consider sharing back at the office.....Look, all you deli nerds who keep complaining about how Langer's isn't as good as Katz or Carnegie, here's the deal. IT DOESN'T MATTER. If you're in New York, go eat at one of those places. Knock yourselves out. Enjoy your pastrami comas. We're all really jealous of you.But if you're in Los Angeles, knowing where you can get mighty fine pastrami in New York doesn't do you a damn bit of good.I'm not from either New York or Los Angeles. But when I'm in L.A., I consider a pastrami sandwich from Langer's to be an absolute must-have. Ask for the hand-cut, because those thick slabs of pastrami are to die for. Their corned beef is also pretty good, but the pastrami is really where it's at.The matzo ball soup is good, not great. Perhaps you East Coasters can also tell us where we can travel 3,000 miles to find a good bowl of soup, too.Five stars based solely on their pastrami sandwich (#19). The rye bread is crusty on the outside with a pillowy soft middle.  The slaw is subtle and accompanies the pastrami perfectly.  As for the pastrami,....it's moist and contains just the right amount of spice with a nice pepper crust.  No paper thin deli slices here.  Hand carved, thick slices.  Swiss cheese and Russian dressing finish it off, but it's so moist, I ask for the dressing on the side, and rarely use it.It's the only thing I have eaten there, and you'll understand after your first bite.The cream soda is also a good accompaniment. Enough reading and just try it with people!  Ask for the #19.Okay, so there are probably a million reviews for Langer's Deli but I will try and be a honest as possible in this review.After months of my husband constantly talking about this place from hearing about it on the radio we finally decided to give it a try. Supposedly the thing to try is the #19 Pastrami sandwich, so we set out on our mission!We waited in line for about 10 minutes, they took our name, and then we got seated. My husband ordered the #19 Pastrami and I took my chances on the #88 which had Corned Beef, Sour Kraut, and Cheese to toasted Rye Bread. Let me tell you this was the best Corned Beef sandwich I've ever had! The meat was tender and full of flavor, the Russian Sauce that came with the sandwhich was a great addition as well. My husband loved his choice as well, but I'd have to say I liked the #88 the best! If you havent gone to Langer's, you should definitely go and check them out. You wont be disappointed!PASTRAMI & CORNED BEEF DIAMOND IN THE ROUGHLanger's has withstood the test of time while it's neighborhood has obviously changed. Thick slices of quality deli meat in a sandwich you can actually handle.(The New York delis always pile on so much meat - overkill) Parking is easy. It's a free validated parking lot.Los Angeles should dump the damn Dodgers and field this team! Thank God I don't live closer. Incredible food, enough already!!!GO GIANTS!Came here when I was on my way home from Arizona over a month ago, they have by far the best pastrami I've had on the west coast and 2nd best overall with Katz's Deli in NYC being by far the best I've ever had, I had the pastrami on rye with only deli mustard and potato pancakes with sour cream and applesauce at Langers, it was yummy!!, it's a little pricey but it was well worth it. My server was nice and cute. The only bad thing about Langers is that it's in a really ghetto part of L.A. but don't let that stop you from going there, you will love their food!.Since there are well over 1200 reviews about this place covering everything from the front door to the back booths, I'll keep this short.The No. 19 hot pastrami sandwich on rye bread, cole slaw, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing is MONEY!!!!!I know that sounds like hype but truthfully it is quite delicious; and though it is very expensive for just one sandwich in this humble yelpers opinion, well worth it.And if that wasn't enough; and I am not alone in this.  I had a No. 19 this past weekend at around 2pm and didn't feel the slightest tremblings of hunger the rest of the day; I was satiated for the rest of the friggin' day!Now please stop reading and trust me already.  =)Just had a feeling that I wanted to come to Langers while I still can.  LA Times business writer Tiffany Hsu recently published a piece about the diminishing state of the traditional Jewish Deli -- Jewish Deli's in a Pickle...latimes.com/business/la-…The intersection of Alvarado and 7th has been dedicated "Langer's Square" by the City of Los Angeles.  There is 90 minute validated parking a block away on the NE corner of Westlake and 7th although the lot filled up right behind me during lunch time...I've been to Katz's Deli in Manhattan and it reminds me of that.  It's a place where time stands still, a long room with booths and long deli counter;  I was happy to sit at the counter and watch the goings on where the cooks are busy at work preparing plate after plate and placing them on top of the stainless service counter...yelp.com/biz_photos/lang…After over 65 years of existence, I'm still a first timer, so naturally I order the #19 Pastrami sandwich yelp.com/biz_photos/lang…, their most popular which is also known as a Rachel similar to a Reuben except that you have pastrami for the corned beef, and cole slaw for the sauerkraut.  The meat is steamed for at least 4 hours which not only makes it more tender, but enables it to be sliced thick yelp.com/biz_photos/lang….  The rye bread is baked twice, the first time at the bakery to about 85% done, before being baked again at Langer's to give the bread that signature crustiness on the edge but soft yielding center.  Cut in half and served with half a pickle spear, it was more than enough sandwich for lunch.  I didn't even bother ordering any crinkle style fries...Ordering the #19 with a Coke served in a classic plastic tumbler yelp.com/biz_photos/lang… set me back about $22 all in after tax and tip.  This may sound like a lot to pay for a sandwich and a drink, and it probably is.  Sadly, this is at the heart of what owner Norm Langer laments is the problem.  "At Quiznos, you can buy a sandwich for lunch for $5," he said.  "That's a third of the cost at a first-class deli.  The deli has a better-quality product, but you're going to be filled up with either option..."Face it, our apathy towards places like this will eventually force them to close.  Well I for one am making sure that I get a taste of it before that happens...Langer's again. But, wait, it's not a bad thing. If you love pastrami then you've got to try Langer's deli. It's not just the pastrami that's good here either. My son had the brisket of beef french dip sandwich, and, man that was an awesome french dip. I like the hot pastrami with cole slaw and Russian dressing with avocado.      They are located in the MacArthur park area of Los Angeles. On the corner of 7th & MacArthur to be exact. Free parking is available one block east on 7th with validation. Check it out, you'll love it...This is my favorite place to eat in Los Angeles. It is perfect before an afternoon game at Staples Center and is easily accessible by subway (Westlake/MacCarthur Park on Red Line). Their #19 is the best pastrami sandwich I have ever eaten. Also, the beef brisket au jus was unbelievable. The potato pancakes were much better than ones I have gotten at Canter's and Greenblatt's. I wish I was eating there right now.Wow wow wow. Amazing stuff.The pastrami is excellent on it's own, but I must say, the Russian dressing and cole slaw are insanely good too, and contribute in a major way to the deliciousity of the sandwich.The fact that this is my first trip to Langer's after living in LA for 25 years makes me very disappointed in myself.Amazing is really all I  can say.  I just regret living in Los Angeles my whole life and barely discovering this gem.  Expensive but oh so good.  Really really good.I'm giving this place three stars even though the food was actually really good. The problem is the price. Me and a co-worker went here for lunch last week. We were seated right away, orders taken quickly, and got our food quickly as well. We both got the pastrami on rye with a side of fries to share. The sandwich was HUGE. I ate half...barely. For two deli sandwiches, two cokes and one side of fries...$42.00!!! For two got-dang deli sandwiches! Are you serious?! That is ridiculous.You can not go wrong with #19.  Pastrami, cole slaw on rye.  What else could you want.  Yeah, a side of fries.  Enjoy!So, I asked my friend Chris to pick out a good lunch today, and he replied: "I am going to take you to the home of the best pastrami sandwich in the universe."  Not being a pastrami fan, I asked if there was anything else on the menu.  He assured me that I would find something good there.  Then, when we arrived he insisted I try the #19 pastrami, cole slaw, and rye.  "You HAVE to have it.  You came this far."So, I broke down and ordered a chocolate phosphate (an italian soda with chocolate syrup -- mmmmm) and the #19.  What have I been doing with my life?  A whole world opened up to me.  What a tender, tasty sandwich.  Hands down the best pastrami sandwich I have ever eaten.  5 solid stars.Oh God, Langer's... it changed my life. I never used to like pastrami. I thought it was something only eaten by Jewish nomads who had to live in the desert for decades and survive off salted beef until their camels died and they could eat them. One day a cheerful fellow asked me if I wanted to go to Langer's and get a pastrami sandwich. I didn't want to, but I went anyway. Seriously... you don't know Jewish deli food if you've eaten at Canter's or Jerry's or any other pretender. Langer's is the real deal. It's right next to MacArthur Park. Some say the neighborhood looks like a Third World country. But let's be fair... they haven't found a dead body in MacArthur Park for years now. And after you're done eating you can go shopping for keepsakes and poorly made appliances or get a free pregnancy check up at the clinic next to the pupuseria. The menu is very large and extensive but it's pretty much just variations on the same theme. I like the pastrami with coleslaw on rye. The combo of salty meat and sweet buttery flavors is superb. The tongue's not bad. Super tender like all good tongue. There used to be an extremely attractive hostess. I haven't been there in a while though, so maybe she's gone. Not that you come to a place like this to spit game. You come here to edge your way closer to heart failure! I don't think there is even anything remotely healthy on the menu, but who cares? It's absolutely worth it.#1 Heart attack central#2 I don't even like bread#3 WTF? I've never had a $14.45 sandwich.#4 - I don't care about #1-3, just give me more of their pastrami sandwich!!!Now keep in mind I don't even like bread all that much....but these guys do it just right.  Crunchy on the outside, and chewy in the center.  The combination of fillings drop ever so slightly and necessitate the use of two hands - for the purpose of shoving the goodness down as fast as possible.What are you waiting for? Go try one now!Amazinggg!!You cannot go wrong with #19. I can only finish half the sandwich. Food coma! The sandwiches are so filling. The bread is better than katz deli in New York =X. However, Katz does pack on the meat higher than Langer's.  The best part- the meat! The meat was very tender and juicy. They must have give the meat a butter bath or something. The meat literally melts in your mouth. Everything just complemented one another. On the downside, this sandwich was pretty pricey. However, it was well worth it. I definitely will be coming back with an empty stomach.The pastrami was good, but was that sandwich worth 17 bucks?When I think pastrami, I think a huge pile of meat.  Larchmont deli does that and I love it.Langer's is different.  They give enough meat, I guess.  But the bread wasn't toasted, there wasn't any special sauce, and well...it's freaking expensive.Having said that, the pastrami is unique.  It's thicker and sweeter and more tender than most cuts.  Maybe it's worth a taste if you've never had it before.Maybe their sandwiches are designed not to overwhelm the flavor of the meat.Maybe someday I'll suffer from heatstroke and think it's worth it...Here are the two main reasons to get in your car or take the subway or hitchhike to Langers:1. Of course is the #19 which you've doubtless read about.  I feel a bit guilty and cliche for always ordering it.  If I'm going to brave the elements and head to Langer's, I'm just not going to get something like bacon and eggs or a tuna melt.  I'm sure they're delicious, but I can get those anywhere.  But where else are you going to get a #19?  2.  During the trek from the parking lot to the restaurant (you have to walk a block), take the time to enjoy the art.  And by art, I mean the window displays from the photographers that work on either side of the street.  Both studios specialize in that kind of photography that consists of nothing but soft-focused, high contrast pix of unsmiling cholos y cholas, very often frozen in very uncomfortable poses (so that we can see both their faces and the gang tattoos resting above their ass crack.)  Very often there is also a fake marble column involved.   And of course the backgrounds which very often invoke the masks of comedy and tragedy.Absolutely the single best pastrami sandwich mankind has ever engineered. And I am a big fan of pastrami. Pastrami is no passing craze in my household... we worship at the alter of pastrami and Langer's is our Mecca. Ah Langer's. Park your car down the street at Langer's private parking lot. Yes, this is MacArthur Park.  Yes you may never see your car again. It's ok. Langer's is worth it. Walk back down 6th St., past the pickup truck with its bed full of produce for sale, past the guy selling pirated DVDs on the sidewalk, past the guy that decided not to pay the 25 cents to park his car for 15 minutes and instead put a plastic bag over the meter. There, you've made it.If its just you, order a cup of matzah ball soup and a #19. You're going to have leftovers but there's nothing wrong with that. If there are two of you, you could probably both manage to split one #19, but order fries and make sure you each get a cup o' matzah.  Then eat your food, shed a tear that you've actually just placed perfection in your belly, pay the bill and get the hell out of MacArthur Park. Alternatively, you can call ahead and inform them of what you want. They'll ask you what your car looks like and how you'll be paying for it and then will be waiting curbside for you with your meal and correct change for a quick getaway.Yuck.  My office decided to go there. I'm vegan/vegetarian at home, but not as picky when I go out.  However, I will only eat fish and a little bit of dairy out.  Obviously, this is not the place for vegetarians or people who care about their health.  I ordered potato pancakes--seriously greasy and heavy.  The applesauce, to my horror, was hospital grade slop.  Am I really so spoiled as to expect homemade with chunks of apples and darkened with spices?  I could only eat a couple pancakes and then felt queasy.  I got a cookie too, but was still hungry.I understand this isn't really the place that I would enjoy going and I admire it as a Los Angeles institution, but please can you make a few suitable vegetarian/healthy things on your menu?  At least have salads without iceberg lettuce?  I thought it wasn't possible to mess up latkes, but these were really gross and almost raw.  I'm sure if you like this kinda deli food, you would love this place, but it didn't have much for people who don't heart disease.I too dream of the Number 19. My daughter did a large portrait of me sitting at Langers, eating the Number 19. It is proudly displayed in our Living Room. I gave a copy of it to Norm Langer a few years ago. I wonder if he still has it.If you like pastrami, there is NO BETTER PLACE ON EARTH than Langer's. It's that good.Just felt the need to chime in here when I happened upon their review page and saw some people write that this isn't the best pastrami they've ever had.Listen up geniuses, I'm gonna make this brief.  Langers isn't just the best Pastrami in LA, but it's the best Pastrami in the World.  Mr., Langer sold his soul to make pastrami, but god forgave him and let him into heaven anyway 'cuz the pastrami was that freakin' good.  The fact is - to call anything ELSE pastrami is an insult to Langers.  End of story.So to all you jackholes claiming to have had better pastrami are either lying through your teeth, making up reviews to try and reach "elite" yelptard status, or wouldn't know good pastrami if you were severely beaten with it.  Which you should be.I've heard commercials about this place, specifically, the Pastrami sandwich (aka the No. 19).  It's as good as advertised.  The best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  The rye bread its served with is incredible.  We had a great waitress too.Don't be intimidated by the rough neighborhood it's in.  It's worth the drive.Very, very good sandwich.5 stars for service, atmosphere, and quality of food.Dock of one star due to the high prices (28 bucks for a sandwich and salad!)They're known for their number 19 (Pastrami on rye with coleslow and Russian dressing), so this is what I got.  I've been going to Johnnie's pastrami since I was young and always loved their thin sliced pastrami piled high on French bread with mustard.  That held the standard for me and still kind of does.  That being said, the pastrami here is good, border line perfect.  I wouldn't say better than Johnnie's, just different.  It's cut thick here and has a very tender texture and lots of taste.  Not overly loaded with salt as a lot of pastrami places are apt to do.  Make sure if you get a sandwich to take some of the pastrami out and try it by itself to fully appreciate the craft put into it.  I loved the restaurant and loved sitting at the counter old-school like.  Just not sure if I can get here again anytime soon because I'm a grad student who's slowly working his way into some serious debt.  Yelp review to follow on the cost of higher education in the U.S...Langer's is supposed to have the BEST Pastrami sandwich in LA .. which is not saying much because I think food in LA sux .. but I figure, hey, a restaurant that has been around for over a decade must know what it is doing, right?I can't say that the Pastrami sandwich here was the BEST that I've ever had but I would recommend it to others if you are in this area of town.The parking sux, the traffic sux, there are cops everywhere, and you might even see a loose chicken running in the street (no joke) but hey, that's Alvarado Street for ya.I've gone for the curb service a couple of times in the past few years when I'm in the area (tax time - my accountants office is 5 miles away) the last time I was disappointed, but I wanted to give it another try.I ordered the #19 and the crust was too hard, it will scrape your lip, and the pastrami was too thick.  I like it lean - so for an iced tea, an extra lean #19 sandwich, and a small tip - my total was a whopping $25.  When I add in the cost of gas to go out of my way, it wasn't worth it. I have to add, my BIGGEST complaint was that there wasn't a hole in the lid for a straw!  I meant that's just so basic.I had the corn beef and pastrami sandwich, so i could compare it to Canters...  I must say Langers meat, i feel is more tender.  Melt in your mouth goodness.  But for the price, Canters gives you a side cole-slaw and side of potato salad.   Parking sucks, couldn't find the parking lot.  the area is really ghetto.  Right after I ate and left the restaurant, a bum hit me up for some money.  Let the battle begin!#19 is my favorite sandwich in all of Los Angeles. It's a bit pricey, but not pretentious, and all delicious. At $14, it's well-worth the belly-ache at the end (cuz i eat it alllll yo). So yeah. It's a big sandwich. I really appreciate Langer's. It's quite a staple in the dinghy neighborhood and attracts people from allover. In one of my three trips over there my eave's droppin' bf and i were surrounded by a french couple (from paris!), some alabamans, and an asian family from who knows where cuz they didn't talk (lolol i can make asian jokes cuz i'm asian). I appreciate't, Langers.I also really appreciate their committment to making a good sammich. #19 comes with nicely warmed and fresh rye bread, russian dressing (tastes like thousand island?), cole slaw that's not too liquid-y, swiss cheese, and a HUGE mound of succulent pastrami, cut fairly thick.Get #19 and be happy. They also have an awesome pick-up service if you don't want to wait in line nor dine in whilst worrying about your car getting jacked. Just go to their website and call them. They don't even ask for your credit card #!Ahhh, Langer's near MacArthur Park. Brings back memories from when I worked for my mom one summer when I was 18 and strolled the neighborhood during lunch getting offers for fake IDs and such. Wish I could give 1 million stars, because Langer's is THE BEST deli in life-forever-legit style-no joke. Admittedly, I've only had the corned beef and pastrami on rye, but these meats have rendered me more than completely satisfied and staved off my desire to try anything else on the menu. I think you'll agree, as Langer's cooks both to perfection. Tender, juicy, and thickly sliced because they've got nothing to hide. If you're scared of fat, the pastrami is the better way to go because there is a bit more fat on the corned beef but more fat equals more better sometimes.  Always get the russian dressing on the side and you can't go wrong with the matzo ball soup. Also, on my last visit, the waitress was exceptionally friendly, no small feat given how crazy this place gets during lunchtime. A+++ all around. Note that for customers there is a free parking lot w/validation.The food here is very, very good. Their signature #19 is amazing.That being said, if you get one to go, chances are, they have completely messed up the sandwich, and take no form of accountability for it. I had a sandwich brought back to me by a coworker, and when it arrived, it was missing both the dressing AND the cheese. How can you forget 2/5 of the ingredients in your SIGNATURE sandwich? Are you kidding me?Not to mention, when I called, the blame was placed on my coworker, not error on the part of the deli that can't even construct its signature plate.I really enjoy the food here, but Langer's loses a star for each piece of my sandwhich it left out and another one for blaming my coworker for failing to specify he wanted everything in the signature plate. That's like specifying you want salt on your fries at McDonald's - completely unnecessary.Check your order before leaving, because $15 for some bread, pastrami, and coleslaw that is mediocre at best when incomplete is unacceptable. I can at least justify this price when the sandwich is delicious and complete, but finish making your sandwiches or stop calling yourself a deli.I may be stoned for saying this, but I don't think Langer's is all that.  I was seriously excited to try their #19 pastrami sandwich, after hearing all the hype.  One bite and I was totally disappointed.  Their pastrami was super thick and had a LOT of fat on it, which I had to pick off.  Yes, the coleslaw and the Russian dressing were good, but was it worth $16 that they charge?  Hell no!  Definitely not "World Famous" in my opinion and I can think of a dozen other sandwich places that I'd rather eat at.  Totally overrated.We got their classic #19 Pastrami sandwich.  It was everything I was expecting and then some.  The Russian dressing was a little too rich but still has a good taste.  The meet was tender and juicy and most importantly FLAVORFUL!!!Also got a side of fries which were very good as well.  I will definitely be coming back here again.It is on the pricy side but definitely worth it if you have never been.Service was great, friendly and fast.BEST PASTRAMI EVER (in So. Cal)Hell, it might even be the BEST in the US (i remember reading an obscure comment somewhere about there having been a contest?) If you're looking for the best pastrami sandwich in Southern California, stop looking. Go to Langers.Ive been to Canters, Jerrys and the Carnegie Deli and the pastrami here is far superior. Its thicker. its juicier. NOW, Im NO pastrami expert and a New yorker (or pastrami coinnesuer) reading this might get his panties all twisted ...but in my experience, this is great stuff.Our server was really nice, like he came out of a commercial-just a happy, happy man. Our stuff came promptly and the waiter was always around to give refills. Of course the #19 is awesome, i like the reuben and the pastrami and fried egg sandwich. Its just good.Now the area surrounding it...im sure it was a somewhat nicer neighborhood way way back in the day but wow...how many times do i need to be asked if i want a fake ID? I dont even need one! im 25!! yes, i look like im 17, but if you saw me say no to the first guy, why the hell would i say yes to another guy?I had actually never had a pastrami sandwich before visiting Langer's. Judging by the area it's located in and the really diner-esque style of the place, I can say I was too thrilled to be trying it. I was pleasantly surprised. I had the #19, like many others, and I loved the combination of the rye, coleslaw, and Russian dressing with the pastrami. Also, I loved that the pastrami wasn't stacked too high - it was just right for the size of the sandwich.However, I agree with many others that Langer's is pretty pricey for what it is. I visited with 4 people, each ordered a sandwich and a drink, and it came out to a over $20 per person. Regardless, it's definitely something to try out.Seriously, THE BEST pastrami sandwich I've ever had!!!! 4 1/2 stars @ 1900+ reviews? I had get in on the hype, but was a little skeptical. Left that place without a doubt the best pastrami joint in SoCal.I was in the area, and checked yelp to see what was good around and langers come up with good reviews. I was kind of sketched out because the surrounding area is really dirty and its in the hood, but once i was in the restaurant its was clean and well kept. I was helped and seated. Very Friendly staff and the menu has a lot to choose. I got the corn beef on rye bread, wow soo Good and filling . I would recommend langers and come backLanger's has been open since 400BC, but I haven't managed to get there due to the limited operating hours. They have an extension menu highlighted by several pastrami sandwiches. On my visit, I also wanted to get the liver & onions, just to understand how that dish even makes restaurant menus. But I've heard the chickens are actually raised with humane methods and I won't support that. The food arrived 3 minutes after we ordered it and they will serve you as long as you get in the door before 4PM.Dishes rated (1 - 10), 10 being amazing:#19 PASTRAMI, SWISS CHEESE, and COLE SLAWRussian Style Dressing (9) $12.25This is the best pastrami sandwich I have had. The only relative comparison I have is Schwartz's smoked meat sandwich in Montreal and Langer's was better. The meat was amazingly tender and went great with the rye, coleslaw, and dressing.HOT PASTRAMI and SWISS CHEESE  (7)  $11.60We got this one with on a French roll. The pastrami was just as good. I just gave it a lower rating because it's best served on rye and it was better with coleslaw and the dressing.I gave it a 5 star because they are clearly known for their pastrami and it was great. I'll have to try the other dishes to see if they are just as good.I would agree with the other reviews that the prices are on the high end and the hours are also bad. There is, however, free parking a block east of the restaurant.Been here twice now.  Last time i came, i tried both the pastrami and corned beef.  this time i just went for the #19 (pastrami), because i didn't have anyone to trade 1/2 my sandwich with.Ohhhhhh Langer's.  here is your breakdown.Food: 5 stars.  Sandwich you are my best friend.  Why are you so delicious?  The meat is moist, has some occasional streaks of fat, and is just sooo good with the cole slaw.  Enough food for 1.5 lunches.  I could barely get to the last quarter of my sandwich.  Facility: 3 stars - I'm sure it was hip 40 years ago, but now the outside kinda smells funky sewer-y and makes you lose your appetite.  ohhh if the food wasn't so good.  gotta love that they have purell antibacterial at the entry of the restaurant though!Service: 4 stars - docked you a star because i had to wait for my food while i watched everyone else in my party start to eat.  torture.If you are a Pastrami lover or care to be a convert...take a trip down to Langers :)Have the #44A weekend trip to Los Angeles started with Langer's, as that was the initial purpose of the journey.4 stars, with the 5th star given for the free parking lot, and for the helpful service.We had the #19 - which I don't need to describe, and #88 - corned beef, sauerkraut and melty swiss on toasted rye. I preferred the #19 as this cabbage was raw rather than pickled and didn't taste as heavy. Not that #88 was bad, it was very good! And #19 was melt-in-your-mouth perfection. The waitress saw our cameras, and asked if she could send the owner over to chat with us, and we said sure! Norman was extremely friendly, chatted with us three times while we were there and answered all our questions, including the one I'm sure he hears all the time, "what's the difference between corned beef and pastrami?" And if you're curious: their corned beef/brisket comes from two layers of meat around the breast plate of the cow. Their pastrami comes from the steer,  from a different cut of meat, closer to the belly. And it uses different spices. Other places might use the brisket of beef interchangeably, but Langer's is different. fyi.I nearly boffed my dining companion as I was feeling plenty vindicated on my complaint that LA's driving and parking sucks, due to the asstrocious driving and parking we experienced getting there, but there IS free parking to be had, just for Langer's customers. For lo, there is a paid lot half a block away that waives the first hour's fee with validation from Langer's. Bless them. And it is very possible to be in and out in under an hour. The staff makes very quick work of getting you seated, getting food to your table, and settling the bill - with a friendly reminder to get your parking stub validated. Don't forget to admire the rotating cake display!I need a T-shirt that says "I paid $14 for a no. 19 at Langers and all I got was a regular ol' pastrami sandwich."  My galpal and I were starving so we decided to do a quick drive-by.  We tried to do curbside pick-up but were unsuccessful.  I guess I must be blind b/c I couldn't find where exactly you were supposed to pull up.  Anyway, I was skeptical from the beginning b/c I saw the prices on the online menu.  My galpal swore the sandwich was big and that Langers was famous for their no. 19 pastrami sandwich.  In fact, prior to phoning in our order, we confirmed what Yelpers had to say about the no. 19.My heart sank when I saw the sandwich b/c it was about the size of a restaurant burger- like the kind you'd get at Chili's or Ruby Tuesdays.  But those burgers are way cheaper (like $6) AND they come with fries.  The Langers sandwich came with a pickle sliced in half that was in a vacuum-sealed bag.I know pastrami sandwiches are supposed to be salty, but I thought that maybe the sweetness of the cole slaw and the slice of Swiss cheese would tame the saltiness of the pastrami. It's a good thing it came with a pickle!While I have to admit that the quality of the meat was better than your average deli-meat and the rye bread was perfectly toasted, it totally wasn't worth $14.  So if you're a dude reading this, I think you'd have to order a side dish plus a drink or else you'd still be hungry.  But then your tab will probably cost you $20, and for that amount of dough you could get a complete meal for two at Chili's (can you tell I'm a fan of theirs?)!My parents insist that Canters has an awesome pastrami sandwich.  I guess I'll have to eat there and do a comparison.Ok we're cheesy, we go to almost all the places that food network tells us to go but this place was definitely not up to part with all the rest of the recommendations.  I got the #19 one of the most popular dishes, the food was pretty good but I wouldn't say it's the best I've ever had and it definitely was not worth the price.  I got 2 pastrami sandwiches and cole slaw and it was a whopping $30+ for the meal.  Don't get me wrong I am one to pay for a great meal but the meal wasn't that great to pay for.  I would say check it out but I wouldn't make it a regular place. Food- * * * Price- * * *Service- * * *Ambiance- * * *best pastrami outside of NYC.In the world of pastrami sandwiches, I would like to classify 2 types.  The first is what we have here (and at Katz Deli in NY):  hand cut tender slices from a big slab of slow cooked pastrami, old world style.  Then you have the second type, the greasy machine cut thin-sliced, much of what you will find at 99.9% of sandwich shops... you know, togos #9, subway, quiznos.... the first one is for grown ups.. the second type are for the children.  i see a lot of semi-poor reviews for this place bc i think most people are expecting the 2nd type...but for me, the #1 in all of the world goes to Katz, this place gets my #2 spot.  #19 is the item to get.  Badass rye with a crunchy crust, good flavor.  Stack it with moist tender flavorless oh-so-good pastrami.  Then pile it with cole slaw with russian dressing that is not too overpowering.  You have yourself one of the best sandwiches you can buy in LA.The portion size is just right.  It might be more than most can finish.  I know I was hungry today, and it filled me up good!  I didnt eat dinner till 10:30pm tonight!The price is shy of $15, but its so damn good.  Treat yourself to this delicious goodie.The fries here are also crinkle cut, and fried just right.Known for its pastrami sandwich I was lucky enough to score a free one from my boyfriends business lunch one day. The bread was nice, better than other sandwich places, not hard, and not soft enough that the condiments or large amount of pastrami was making it fall apart, and barely any crums. It is not as amazing as people make it out to be, besides its real cool historical factor.I prefer the pastrami dip from the hat!A nice place to try when you decide to take a walk around the mcarthur alvarado sect, hey its not dangerous!!! and it is way cleaner than it was when I was a kid in the 90s! I walked my pugs there with my white boyfriend and we didnt get robbed or asked to buy fake ids!The food was good, although I did not get what I ordered. I ordered a hot pastrami, but was given and billed for a Hot Pastrami Dip.The Macaroni salad was good too.Pastrami is YUMMY.. on rye bread... Very pricey dining in so if you just want good pastrami... do take out or just get the pastrami only..I have been about ten times and nothing is bad at Langers. Everything is excellent! I have zero complaints. the parking sucks around there but that is not Langers fault, just be prepared!I concur entirely with other reviewers' description of the pastrami here as surpassingly delicious.   That much is undisputed.  I also like the old-school deli vibe, which is enhanced by the motley crue of highly friendly servers.  All good.  Why not five stars then?  Because when I got the bill for my lunch, I couldn't quite handle the fact that it was going to cost me around $17 for a sandwich and a coke (after tip).  It's not that I can't afford it, but that NO sandwich, however tasty, seems worth that price.  So while Langer's is great and only a few blocks from my work, I don't go there much if at all because the price/value ratio is wack.  That said, if I'm going to get ripped off for a sandwich, it might as well be one as awesome as the No. 19 pastrami special here.  Note also the venue gets VERY crowded on weekdays at lunch; there are often long waits for booths (I usually sit at the counter; once a friendly patron even paid for my lunch there in a random act of kindness).  The parking is OK and they have dedicated lots, so while you might have to pay neither will you be stranded.  Finally, the area is _fine_, at least during the day whenever I go.  Sure, it's not Brentwood, but it's not dangerous either--unless you have such a bad case of white fright that the sight of a few Mexican folks is likely to give you a heart attack.Pastrami lovers! This is as good as it gets! Langer's pastrami on rye, russian dressing, cole slaw (the #1 on the the menu) with a bowl of chicken noodle hits the spot everytime! There's a reason those in the know wait in line during the lunch hour crush. The food is well worth the wait and the service is spectacular. The folks here are friendly, fast, and they know the regulars. You know, my father used to bring me here for lunch on the weekends when I was a wee little boy. Langer's hasn't aged in all the years (the menu is exactly the same, the restaurant is exactly as I remember it, they still sell Andes mints by the mint) and the food is just as tasty as I remember it. Only difference: back then I could only eat a half of a half #1, and now I eat the whole half! 'nuff said!There is a hassle-free parking lot just east of the restaurant on the corner and you get 1 hr. validation.I got curbside delivery for lunch. Called in my order, pulled up in front of the restaurant, and they brought me my food!I had the #1, the PASTRAMI with COLE SLAW and RUSSIAN DRESSING on rye bread. ($15!!!!!!)The bread was good but I especially liked the crunchy crust. The pastrami meat was thick and chunky, not thinly sliced. The Cole slaw was fresh and the Russian dressing was light and creamy. A great classic pastrami sandwich!It's worth a try, once in your lifetime.Too bad they close at 4. But then again, you don't wanna be anywhere around here after dark. Now I know why they sell so many fake ID's and crack in MacArthur Park... so they can buy a Langer's Pastrami in the morning!I've been to katz's , I've been to canter's. I've even been to carnegie deli...IF you want THE BEST PASTRAMI in the COUNTRY. then this is, indeed, the place to be. Screw the rest. Langer's is the best.When it comes to pastrami you an get no better! #19 all the waySorry, I don't get it.  My sandwich was fine, but honestly I did not think the quality of the meat or any other ingredients were impressive.  Service was unmemorable at BEST.  Maybe I just had a bad experience, but I am not interested in giving it another shot.Is Nirvana just a theological state of being, or is it something you can taste?  Langer's Deli has the answer to this riddle in sandwich form.Don't get me wrong; I still love Johnny's Pastrami in Culver City and Canter's Deli in Fairfax District, but Langer's has them beat if for only one reason: Langer's pastrami is not too lean; Johnny's and Canters' is.  Trimming all the fat from pastrami kills the flavor, so if you care more about your cholesterol intake than you do about flavor (in other words, you're one of those damn metrosexuals that always make me want to punch something, preferably them and ruin their ultra-styled hair and makeup), go eat a tofu burger and pretend you like it, bozo. If I have one complaint about Langer's, it's the price.  I wouldn't pay $14 for one sandwich (a satisfying sandwich, but hardly enormous) unless it was one hell of a sandwich.  And as this was my first time eating at Langer's--and I can't WAIT to go again--this qualifies as such.  Sure, Johnny's is a better deal at eight or nine bucks (and they ARE huge), but as much as I like them, they just can't compare.  And Canter's sandwiches may contain more meat and cost about the same as Langer's, but when the meat is that lean, it simply lacks flavor, so I'll stick to the roast beef when I go to Canter's. So if you're not a stinking metrosexual or dim-witted member of PETA and are able to exercise a modicum of moderation (meaning try not to have more than five pastrami sandwiches a week), you will adore Langer's sandwiches as much as I do.  Just be sure to ask them to be sure NOT to put coleslaw on your sandwich, because sometimes they just can't help themselves.Holy shit, best pastrami I've ever tried in my life. period.I've driven by Langer's for years, never really wanting to go in because of my unfamiliarity with pastrami. This weekend, I had my very own pastrami sandwich on a french roll, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was! Believe the hype! When you walk in, you feel transported to another time and another place.I'd probably come here a lot more often, if it weren't so pricey! If you're looking to save a couple of bucks, share a sandwich, because they're mighty large!OK, OK, so I've implied in my reviews about barbeque shacks that if you weren't Black and from the South you didn't know squat about barbeque. If we use that logic, I guess I don't know squat about Jewish delis, right?   If you've read my barbeque reviews, tho, you know that I've ranked two non-Black-owned places (Spring Street Smoke House and Dr. Poggly-Woggly's) wayyyy above one of the black-owned places, so I'm gonna dive in and review what this old colored man from Oklahoma thinks is probably the best Jewish deli in the country---and I've eaten in Jewish delis all across the country (besides, my New York Jewish friends all tell me that the pastrami sandwiches here are the best anywhere).I'm not going to repeat the praises of the pastrami sandwiches (especially, #19). What could I add? And for those who wondered if they'd wandered in on a bad day, I say that you probably did---but it was YOU, not Langer's, that was having the bad day. Try it again.Service "kind of rude"? Well, I have to admit that I haven't ever experienced that here, but if you think the service here is at all "rude", that tells me that you've never experienced a New York deli IN NEW YORK. Try that, then come back and amend your review!Yes, this place is a teeny bit pricey, but it's worth every penny. If there's any downside, it's the neighborhood. But I remember---not too long ago, really---when this was not only a nice, pleasant neighborhood, but actually a fashionable one. There were many fine, or at least interesting, restaurants, delis, etc. They've all gone---except Langer's.The next time you Westsiders and suburbanites want to experience downtown and/or the Metro system, be sure to check this place out. It's 1/2 block south of the Westlake/MacArthur Park Station of the Metro Red and Purple Lines. Then let us all know what you think.Their is no better Corn Beef or Pastrami served West of the Hudson River than Langers. The hood stinks (literally), the hours are short and the prices are high but if you want the best in LA this is it. I order the Pastrami w/ slaw and Russian dressing - OMG!I've been going here since I was a little boy in the 50's: I've been to Bretts, to Art's,  to Cantors, Nate n' Als, Factors, Juniors, Johnny Pastrami and all the rest, and I'll say it again: 'THIS IS THE BEST IN THE WEST!"So this is my first review evar.I have lived relatively close to this place for 18 years. Finally stepped foot in Langer's, and I'm disgusted with myself for the fact that I didn't make the pilgrimage sooner. A buddy had the #19 which I guess is as good as pastrami gets (come on, just read the other reviews). I had the Bacon Cheeseburger though. God that was delicious, the Bacon was perfectly crisp. It was a wee bit pricey (think 8 bucks for a burger) but damn was it worth it.Head on over here, you will not regret it.The world's best pastrami, no kidding, I've tried it everywhere, but this place is the best! Only downside is the bad neighborhood, but it's worth getting shot or stabbed for!It's a bit pricy, around $15/person min.Service:  BCleaniness:  B+Location:  CPrice:  B+Food:  AOverall:  A-How did I know this place?  ESPN Radio.  They advertise like crazy.What did I get?  You guessed it.  THE WORLD'S BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICH.How was the sandwich?  I literally became Superman after I ate the delicious sandwich.  Hot Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Russian Dressing with coleslaw, combined with roasted Rye Bread...  AHHHH.Was it expensive?  For a sandwich?  Yes.  For the best pastrami sandwich?!  No.  Although it could be pricey for just a sandwich, it was worth it.How's the restaurant like? Langer's was founded in 1947.  So the restaurant itself is vintage.  But that doesn't mean it's dirty and messy.  Fortunately the 63 year old restaurant is still in good shape.  The seats maybe old, but the food never gets old.  Wow.  Sounds like it's a perfect place!  Well.  ALMOST.  The location of Langer's is just so bad since it's in the "not-so-good" part of LA and the parking is just horrendous.  If you're lucky you'll find street parking with meters on the street.  If not, I really don't know where you can park.  But if you forget the parking factor, this place.  is.  Amazing.Conclusion:  I came to Langer's with crazy high expectations.  I left Langer's with no regrets.  I just wished that the sandwich could be bigger.  If not, a lot bigger because it was just TOO GOOD.What can I say? This place is a no frills deli...and thats fine with me! I ordered a corned beef on rye, dry. My friend ordered the pastrami. Both were perfect! I'll be back for sure. PS They don't accept AMEX.News flash: the best pastrami in America (and probably the world) is not in New York.   This is no idle claim.  I've eaten the best New York has to offer: Katz's, Carnegie, Stage, 2nd Avenue.  Mill Basin in Brooklyn.  Pastrami King of Queens.Langer's puts them all to shame.  And for my fellow Los Angelinos, yes, it makes Canter's seem like Ralph's.(Though not everything on Langer's menu is spectacular - avoid the knishes at all costs.)Last year we sent my father-in-law a pastrami sandwich for his birthday. He lives in Maine and is as fussy an eater as you'll ever meet.The sandwich we had delivered overnight was from Langer's. The most expensive sandwich we ever bought... It cost $90 and came with explicit instructions on how it needed to be prepared.My father-in-law loved it. Who wouldn't?Walk through Langer's and I guarantee that 90% of the patrons will be eating pastrami sandwiches. You'd be a jerk to go there and not have one. Whatever praise has been heaped on Langer's pastrami sandwiches I see and raise.It seems to me that as good as the pastrami is the extra added attraction is the bread which is warm and crisp and delicious all by itself. You can't beat the meat and the dough has no foe.Langer's has stayed in a neighborhood which probably doesn't know pastrami from origami. When you're the best at something the world comes to you.Try the Pastrami.It ain't the thin-dry variety.Sliced thick and not lean -(Lean pastrami is an oxymoron.)And the rye bread....Choice.Feeling adventurous?Get the Pastrami/Corned Beef combo.Throw on some Swiss & side of Russian,You'll feel downright cosmopolitan.Grill the sam-wich if that's your fancy, But they won't grill it with coleslaw:They have principles.Also, real ice cream milkshakes.Curb service too if you're out rollin'.I actually am in love w/ this place.....I have passed this place by hundreds of times thinking it must be some sort of Hispanic restaurant.But I saw this review on Yelp while looking for a good sandwich near my new office.I initially thought - how good would be a sandwich. It's still just a sandwich. MAN, I was wrong. It was far far superior than a typical sandwich. The meat (I had shared pastrami dish #19 and cornbeef #10) was 6-star grade. Little bit pricey, but it's worth money. However, for the price, I would not go there for everyday lunch, but only when craving kicks in.There isn't much to say about Langer's, because it is by far the best places to get a pastrami sandwich.  The #19.  Legendary.  If you haven't been there before, then you you are missing out.I've tried the potato pancakes and fries as well, and they are awesome.This place helps me satisfy my Katz's Deli cravings.  #19.  Solid in its own right, authentic as a jewish gramma.  I prefer to grab my #19 and go over to the park to stare at them weird homeless people.  They want your money, not food.  Unless its Langers, then they will take some.Its that good. =9Delicious! Great service and yummy food :) We had the 1/2 #19 and Mac salad. Their carrot cake was amazing and they gave us a big piece. Enough for at least 4 people.#19. Enough said. Haha jkAt first, I was like "$15 for a sandwich?? Wtf O.O" Then I took a bite, and realized that its probably one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've ever had. And the sandwich is huge! My friend and I had to share one.We also got the corn salad. It's a must get.After watching the Ad on Korean channel, I had to check out the famous #19. I was fortunate for not having to wait since it was weekday after lunch hours. The server was a senior, but she served promptly everything I ordered. She was sweet and prompt. All of their staff were wearing this black t-shirt with number 19 on it. How confident are they of their sandwich so it's even printed on their uniform:)The famous #19 came out fast. In 5 minutes after I ordered my juice and food, I already had them in front of me. The rye bread was warm and perfectly complimented the meat and sauerkraut. It was so big and thick, I couldn't finish the whole sandwich. I packed half for later. The big guys sitting next to me also left half. (so it was not only me)I will definitely be going back to try their other food on their menu.REALLY GOOD PASTRAMI SANDWICHES! Their cake slices are yummy too! Prices are definitely high, but sandwiches are big enough to share between 2 people I would say...unless you really love pastrami...then be ready to empty your pockets my friend!I prefer it without the coleslaw b/c the mayo is a little overwhelming. Oh, and I wouldn't recommend taking it home b/c the bread loses it's crispiness and the fatty pastrami pieces r kinda gross when cold.Place is always busy, but they handle the flow well. Paying for your food can take a while since they do it old school paper method here, but after the delicious food you just filled your tummy with, you could care less.When you walk into Langers you definitely feel that old world charm. I tried the #19, which was pastrami and cole slaw and #44, which was pastrami and sauerkraut,  and both were delicious. The only gripe I have, and this goes against tradition, is the rye bread.... not a fan... Pastrami was thicker than the usual you find at other establishments, and also very tender and juicy. Closed on Sundays. They also close at 4pm, perhaps due to the area, as they are located right across MacArthur Park, which is known for the drug dealing, murders, illegal acquisition of firearms and much much more. Do not try to find street parking. Luckily, they have free parking a few hundred feet down the road in their very own private lot.  This place is a piece of history and definitely something to try!!!THE BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICHES IN L.A! Forget Factors, Canters, The Hat, where you want to be at is Langers Delicatessen Restaurant. I fell in love with their pastrami after the first bite and since then i've been coming here ever so often. Prices are a little a high but its well worth every penny. Love the service and the food of course.Langer's has the best pastrami this side of the Mississippi.  The #19 is made out of delicious magic.  And to top it all off, they do curbside pickup.Best thick-cut Pastrami Sandwich EVER! Worth every penny. Fresh bread, coleslaw, Russian dressing and thick-cut pastrami = taste explosion! Oh number 19, you are in my dreams.Mmm...pastrami....Parking sucks, but who cares when you can call in your order and have them bring it to the curb for you?  Be prepared, though.  Good deli doesn't come cheaply.Only Deli to ever win a James Beard Award. Best Pastrami anywhere in the USA , Rye is unbeatable also.Two words: BEST PASTRAMI.Parking might suck around this area. But don't let that factor or the "run-down"ness of the area prevent you from experiencing the best pastrami in L.A. (That might even be an understandment, althought I was told from a friend that Cats in NYC as the best pastrami in the states). #19 was what I had. It was screaming for my name the moment I sat down. It was like having the L.A. Xpress newspaper stand on your table. You can sense that standing there looking at you. Waiting for you to look right back. Then the moment you look back, it'll guarantee you the temption of ordering her, Ms. Pastrami.  After confirming with myself with the #19, I topped it off with their chocolate malt.And how was #19? It was sweet, soft, creamy and packed with flavor. That was the premium of premium of pastrami. It was seductive. It was freakin' pornographically awesome. It WAS the Russian style and I totally savored it and loved every moment of it. I can't wait to go back again.I love me some Langer's pastrami. This place is a bit of a conundrum. On one hand, it has some of the best pastrami I've ever had. Their corned beef rueben? Omg, I love their russian dressing just slathered on that rye bread, the coleslaw-smothered pastrami, the huge slices of pies and cakes. Foodwise, Langer's is delicious, delicious jewish deli, food-coma food. Personally I like it better than Fillipes in LA. This is a place you definitely have to see at least once. On that OTHER hand, its prices have gone up like crazy and they've cut portions down which makes me REALLY sad. One of my favorite things about this place was ordering a pastrami and corned beef sandwich and seeing this hot, steaming, gargantuan pile of fatty meat and coleslaw barely covered by the top slice of bread. All koshered-up of course. Now I can eat one and barely feel the food coma-ing knockin'.And let's put in a third hand. One thing that hasn't change is this place is ghetto. Well, the restaurant isn't, the entire block around it is. There's a guarded parking lot across the street you can park in, it's under surveillance so I guess that's safe. In that 2 min walk to the restaurant; however, you're going to want to walk really fast. But refrain in case they try to chase you. Once you're inside it's okay, there are usually always one or two cops around getting their pastrami fill for the day.Ok, so I have been here countless times, but I have ALWAYS ordered the same thing...the #19. It is so friggin good!My favorite part....ok I don't have a favorite part.The bread is full of flavor and its great because even with dressing and coleslaw on it, it does not get soggy!The meat is perfect! Seasoned just right and perfectly tender.The fries are good but generic the Ore Ida fry type. They are good, but I don't know why I order the,. I never eat them all as the sandwich is so filling.Now they were featured in LA Magazine's 101 Best Cheap Eats Issue a month or two ago....Cheap they are not! Iced tea fries and the #19 sandwich costs $19.65 with tax, $24 with tip.Service here is always good. Greg usually serves me and is always friendly and outgoing! He was even nice today when I came in 4 minutes before closing...oops.I forgot they are only open 8-4 Mon - SatI had a major salt coma after polishing off 2 halves of the two most popular sandwiches, #19 (pastrami, swiss, coleslaw and Russian dressing on rye) and #something (pastrami, sauerkraut and nippy cheese on toasted rye) minus the nippy cheese.  They were both wonderful!  At first I thought I would prefer to the hot sandwich to the cold merely because I prefer toasted bread to untoasted bread, but I could not stop eating either!  I needed more water than my narrow glass could hold, and I could have used either a salad or soup to coutneract the saltiness of the meat, but it was so good!  Langer's proves that pastrami does not have to be greasy to be delicious.All I ate was watermelon and ice cream for the rest of the day, as my body craved something cool, refreshing and sweet in order to counteract the warm saltiness of the sandwiches.  Next time I want to try the latkes and smoked fish platters.Langer's is a place that puts up quite a few hurdles: located across from sketchy MacArthur Park, only open for lunch, sidewalks smell like urine, but if you can overlook those things, the pastrami more than makes up the difference!#1, not #19 is the one to get.  ($12.70) Double baked rye bread - perfectly crisp crust giving way to soft chewy dough, perfect pastrami, topped with coleslaw and top it with as much Guldens mustard that you want. Also great are the potato pancakes ($10) & chopped liver plate, but don't even bother with the corned beef. MMMMM, thank you Langer's.I like this place simply for the fact that it makes me feel like I'm not in LA. Just like any ethnic restaurant that you walk into, where everyone is talking in a different language and you're sticking out like a sore thumb, you KNOW it's going to be good food. And while Langer's is a LA institution for most, for me..the quick hustle and bustle vibe made me feel like I was back on the East Coast..and that was good enough for me.The pastrami is the way to go, of course. But they also have knishes, marbled pound cake, all kinds of deli salads at the to-go counter. In fact, I'd rather just order their pastrami by the pound and make my own sandwiches at home. Aside from the pastrami, the rest of my sandwich was nothing special. Slightly too toasted rye bread, a simple slaw, Russian dressing on the side..I can easily take care of that myself. And I'd be saving myself some money too, because let's face it..paying $15 for a sandwich is pretty damn ridiculous. No matter how good the meat is.Langers is just flat out stupid.  Stupid equals ridiculous.  Don't try and out think the room just get the pastrami and call it a day.  Don't order one of those dumb sissy combo sandwiches with cheese and cole slaw and dressing and the kitchen sink.  Pastrami, rye bread and mustard - thats all.  Pickles on the side.  If you're really hungry fries or a round knish to share. But if you really don't like pastrami then get the corned beef hash.  I love corned beef hash and this is the best I've ever had anywhere hands down, home made or from a can.  I love Hormel.  The corned beef hash comes with 3 eggs, a mound of crispy home fries and rye toast.  At $8.99 this is some deal.This is some great pastrami.  The sweetness, the spices, the cured taste.  Oh man 'o man, it's a beautiful thing.I took the simple approach for my first visit, after walking 1.5 miles from the Westin Bonaventure hotel, I sat down and ordered their #19, which they claim is their most sold sandwich.The fantastic pastrami, is covered with cole slaw, lathered with russian dressing, a slice of swiss cheese, and it's all between some amazing rye bread with a very crisp crust.The flavors, the mild cole slaw, the tang of the Russian dressing, the crunch of the crust, and flavor of the rye bread..  WOW!I will be back to try other items.Thank god I walked there, as I was stuffed, and needed to walk it off.I went to Langer's and guess what I ate? Yep #19. Moist, well flavored perfect specimen of meat, coleslaw and delicious rye bread. I was very pleased with my meal - split the sandwich and have been full all day. This is a definite need to go at least once in your life (or existence in Los Angeles).  I have to also comment that the place is sparkling clean, the service attentive and the management friendly and a constant on the floor. Master Card/Visa and cash only.This gem is tucked away in one of the dirtiest neighborhoods in LA. That said, their pastrami sandwich with coleslaw was outstanding. The tartness of the beef balanced the sweet coleslaw perfectly. I had this with a side of clam chowder, which was also excellent. The check came out to $19 without a drink. You certainly pay for quality.I've hated rye and coleslaw since i was little.  Came here for lunch.  Had the 19. Cleaned my plate...  Rye bread, coleslaw and all.  The only thing about the bread i could do without is the crust.  It was harder than i wouldve liked.  The Pastrami was so tasty.  so many other things on the menu i want to tryService: goodParking:  parking lot on the side.It's been years since I have been to Langers!  Probably 25 years, at least.  Traveling to New York multiple times a year over the past several years my love for Pastrami was reinvigorated when a friend took me to, what he considers "Pastrami Mecca", Katz's deli.  I have to agree with him that Katz's is "Pastrami Mecca", but we must change the name to "Pastrami Mecca - East".About a month ago I started having follow up appointments with a physician near downtown LA not to far from Langers...so, being so close to Langer's every few weeks requires a stop for a pastrami sandwich!"Pastrami Mecca West" is Langer's.  No doubt about it!  It is absolutely the best pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles.  Just writing this review thinking about Langer's pastrami is setting off my mouth like Pavlov's dog!  The pastrami is hand carved perfection served on warm rye with crispy crust.  I like to top it with slaw and mustard...it is absolutely heavenly!Went to Langer's this past weekend and the verdict is......6 out of 5 stars!!Langer's has absolutely the best pastrami sandwich I ever had! And here's why:1.  Restaurant: it has this old school sit down deli vibe.  Almost rustic-ish, but in a good way. They have comfy leather brown booths and I was digging some of the paintings they used for their decor - subtle but it hit the mark w/ the whole restaurant vibe.2.  Location/Parking:  Downtown LA isn't my cup of tea but since Langer's has a designated area where you can park for free w/ validation, I have no problem with going to downtown to get me some good pastrami.3.  Food:  I had the oh so famous #19:  The classic pastrami sandwich w/ swiss cheese, cole slaw, and Russian style dressing, slapped onto delicious and fresh rye bread. Let me tell you how amazing this sandwich is.  The rye bread is perfection. It taste fresh and it compliments the pastrami really well.  The pastrami itself is to die for.  It just melts in your mouth with an explosion of flavor.  The cole slaw is the bomb.  You have to add the cole slaw w/ your sandwich b/c it gives it that extra oomph.  It has that slight crunch when you bite into your sandwich.  I've eaten at Kat'z Deli in New York and Langer's pastrami sandwich can definitely give Kat'z Deli a good run for its money.If I wasn't so full from my sandwich, I think I would've enjoyed the chili cheese fries more.  But it was definitely some good tasting chili cheese fries.4.  Service:  Quick & friendly.  Had no problems with my waitress.5.  Price:  I don't normally spend about $15 bucks on a sandwich but hey, you get what you pay for and the pastrami sandwich is definitely worth the $15 bucks.All and all, my conclusion is: Thumbs Up!Go get a pastrami sandwich! (the #19!)Finally!  after years of hearing of Langer's, and several failed attempts - I found myself alone in the MacArthur park area... about to hop back on to the subway... and realized where i was (and that i was HUNGRY!)there were a couple of empty counter seats so i parked myself down - asked about this famous #19... Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Swiss, Russian dressing on rye.  apparently - an order of the #19 without the cheese is a #1.  ok.  sold.Excellent.Best pastrami ever.  they really lived up to the hype.and i didn't even feel weird or out of place eating alone at the counter at lunch time with a sandwich and a beer... totally forgot i could have had a chocolate phosphate... but it was perfection.  and Caroline was a sweetheart of a server.Pricey and Dicey!After browsing thru the SC campus, my BF and I were starving. We've been wanting to try Langers forever, but their hours are so limited, we've never had a chance. 1pm on Saturday.....yes, it's open!Driving down there was freaky. It's dicey, and yucky...I'm down with all that but gosh, it was even a bit extreme for me. And so crowded! No wonder they close at 4pm...But the inside was a completely different atmosphere. Menu = pricey. It's a long LA tradition, I guess they can afford to have high prices. There were alot of regulars there too. We order the #10 Pastrami with Swiss (no coleslaw) and a Matzo Ball soup! Yum! The rye bread was really tasty. Usually, I'm not a fan of rye, but it really worked well with the pastrami. Pastrami is thickly sliced, not thin, but really flavorful and juicy. I was really surprised by the taste of the pastrami, really meaty and not oily or chewy at all. I put a bit of mustard on mine. And of course, Matzo ball soup was delish! Good soup.The bill came out to $19 before tip...kinda expensive for a sandwich and soup but I would definitely come again.I've been longing to come to this place now, i've finally did it! I'm hoping it would be similar to Katz Deli in NY or even better.Well first thing we've ordered was the most talked about legendary #19 we also had the specialty on the menu for a side order and our server recommended the knish with gravy.The legendary #19 is a pastrami sandwich, it has coleslaw , swiss cheese, and russian dressing. It was pretty good after a few bites, the pastrami was tasty, juicy and enjoyable. I feel there's something missing that makes this sandwich come up short, i'm not sure if it's the bread or maybe the portions were'nt enough to bring out lots of flavor.The knish is worth the try, it's russian all over it, the dough was baked right and you can taste the mashed potato and ground beef along with the  spices when it comes down to it, i recommend this!Overall it's a good place to visit and tryout all kinds of different sandwiches, but so far i believe katz deli in new york is the real deal because it has more in their sandwiches in terms of flavor and portions.I've never craved corned beef or pastrami sandwiches.. EVER. Until I tried Langer's... now I cant get it out of my head.Warning: Langer's has a tendacy for people to acquire an addiction to their food. Side effects include salivation, lack of concentration, weak legs, and madness. Do not try it if you cannot handle the consequences.Me being an idiot, we ventured out to LA seeking to get some good pastrami from Langer's Delicatessen. I failed to remember, deli = Jews, September 18, 2010 = Yom Kippur = the one day that even Jewish business owners don't care about earning moneyFirst of all, for anyone reading a review from someone who complained about the price...add one more star to that specific review. Have you people ever been to a real delicatessen? no I mean real ones, not the deli aisle or counter at Ralph's. They are not cheap places, and yes a sandwich will cost over $10, no fries, no drink, just meat and bread is $10. Maybe it's a Jewish thing, It's always been pricey, I don't know why.Lets get to my view on this place. Prior to eating here, I've been to Carnegie's and Katz's in New York. I LOVE Katz's, I think I will never have pastrami as good as Katz's anywhere else. So I'm comparing thick cut pastrami with thick cut pastrami. I also love The Hat, which is a totally different type/classification. You can't compare The Hat with Langer's/Katz's. It's like comparing the pros and cons of your right foot versus your left.I don't eat cheese so I went with #1, Pastrami with dressing and coleslaw. I also wanted to see what a classic plain pastrami would taste like, so I ordered one of those. It was no match for what I had at Katz but this was really the best pastrami one would be able to get around here that is remotely close.To many this is probably like the In-n-Out vs. Shack Shack comparison, we all have our #1s. In-n-Out and Katz are my #1s sadly I can't be in two places at once!I pass by Langer's on a regular basis when I head over to K-town from Glendale... It's been on my list of places to visit for some time and after 15 years of visiting LA, I finally got my chance.  While heading back home from k-town with my nephew and niece, we decided to stop by for lunch.Langer's offer free parking, one block from the restaurant, I had to wait about 10 minutes as the parking lot was full.  After parking the car, make sure you take the ticket the attendant gives you, as you'll need to have it validated in the restaurant.Luckily, we got there before the rush, I think it was around 12:30 pm.  We waited for few minutes, got seated and looked over the menu.  Now, being first timer, I decided to go with #19 and #44 based upon some of the reviews on Yelp.  #19 - hot pastrami on a rye bread with cole slaw with two half pickles.  #44 - hot pastrami on a rye bread, grilled with swiss cheese and sauerkraut, served with two half pickles.  We got our food and man, I was in LALA land... My nephew looked at my order and wanted to give it a try (the boy never had sauerkraut until this day - don't ask!).  So I cut the each sandwich into 4 pieces.  I tried #19 and it was good.  The hot pastrami along with cool cole slaw makes it a perfect match... then I tried the #44, man this hit the spot... I will order this again and again when I go back.  While I like #19, having the sandwich grilled gives it a uniqueness that I can't describe.   Even my nephew loved it, he called the sauerkraut, white kimchi - only if he knew how it was made.Overall, I'll rate 4 stars for my first experience at Langers.  I would definitely recommend #44, but if you have the room, order #19 as well... heck, take another friend so you can try half of each sandwich.    Now, as the price goes, it's pricey I'll admit.  I think the price on each was around $14.50 per sandwich, but it was worth it.  Also, you can call ahead and they have curve side service... Once you get the check, go up to the front to pay... cash is always welcomed, but they take visa and mastercard.  As we left, there was a line outside waiting for empty tables... give yourself enough time if you go during lunch.What can you say about a Deli which survived for over 65 years on the corner of Alvarado and 7th street? A lot of good things!Back in the heyday of Los Angeles, this neighborhood used to be what the better part of Hollywood is now. However, when you fast forward to 2011 and upon parking your car on a credit card operated parking meter while being approached from all sides by Latino-Americans asking if you need a fake ID, you immediately know that this deli has got to be very, very special. After all it's still standing.It seems like the place and many of its' patrons along with the waiters have been there since the opening in 1947. Don't get the wrong idea here, the prices are definitely up to date along with the service and the selection. I visited Langer's around 2pm and it was full with regulars and lots of LAPD officers. Now you know that the place must be good if cops eat there.After reviewing a very generous menu, I went for the classic. A Roast Beef with Swiss, Cole Slaw and Russian dressing on rye. Price: fifteen bucks. However, for the amount of food that I got it was well worth it. The sandwich, served with half-sour pickles, was superb. Fresh bread, extra moist and tender roast beef and perfectly seasoned cole slaw. Could not ask for anything else. It's a shame that the restaurant is only open until 4pm. I would have absolutely loved to have a late night breakfast or steak after a night on the town. Regardless, I will be back for the fish and chips as well as the all American classic like Grilled Liver and Onions or Meatloaf.As I sat indulging in my carnivorous lunch sandwich goodness I began to look around and could not help but to be transcendent back to the 50's. Starting with the first bar stool which read "Al Langer" and ending with what I would imagine this deli to look like in its' prime. Then again, perhaps it still is.I've wanted to try langers for quite some time now, but making it before their 4PM close time has been rather difficult for me and it doesn't help that I listen to 710 ESPN a lot, maybe too much for my own good (they promote langers a lot). So this past weekend, we made it a mission to get to langers to try their infamous #19: pastrami, swiss, coleslaw and Russian dressing on rye. The sandwich was as good as advertised. The pastrami was juicy and tender while the coleslaw added that nice crunch to the sandwich. I really like how their pastrami is more of a thick cut rather than the loosely cuts you get at other delis. I could have done without the russian dressing but that's just me.Paying about $15 a sandwich is a bit stiff, but the sandwiches are big enough where you can share it with someone and it will be more than enough.Recommendation: Share the #19I'm giving this place 3.5 stars...I've been meaning to try this place for the longest time and I finally used their curb side pick-up service. It's so easy and the service was great. I ordered the corn beef sandwich and it was good. There was tons of meat and the ingredients were fresh but it wasn't out of this world. I wish there would of been some veggies in there but it was just the bread/meat/mustard. It was also overpriced- $14, kind of pricey for lunch.Best. Pastrami. Sandwich. Ever.Thats all.Be prepared, you're going to spend about $15 for a sandwich. With that said, you're going to get the best sandwich you have ever tasted. This place is one of those rare indulgent places where you trek to when the craving gets to unbearable. Located in one of the most infamous areas of LA (McArthur Park), there are absolutely no frills about this place. Simple deli sandwiches done right. The pastrami is otherworldly. I've never had anything like it. It's cut thick and has a sweet taste that reminds me of Thanksgiving ham. Their corn beef is tender, seasoned to perfections, and stunning. Get the Pastrami/corn beef sandwich and ask for a side of Russian dressing. It won't disappoint.Pastrami like everyone else! Portions are pretty big though, I would honestly share this stuff if you can. Cole slaw was a great mix for it but I really didn't 'taste' the pastrami.. Maybe I just like the greasy stuff. The rye bread was really fresh though, I would have liked to just take a loaf home lol.Still on the mission to find the best pastrami!Would come if I were in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way.Went on Friday during lunch with a group. The wait was about 30 minutes, and the area was sketchy, but the food was definitely worth it.  I had #19 - their most popular, and it was de-lish. When the food arrived, I thought I would never be able to finish it - the portions are large.  I wolfed the entire thing down and had food coma for the rest of the day.Best Pastami Sandwich West of NYC. Pastrami is world class. The Rye bread is best anywhere thick, fresh and crusty.You can't go wrong here but you can be too late. Wentjust before closing one Saturday and they had sold out of Rye bread. Server let us sneak out without paying for our drinks because we just couldn't do sour dough.I almost feel bad giving this place 3 stars since there are over 1000 other reviews that hype this place up so much! I went here today for lunch. We split a #19 pastrami sandwich and chili cheese fries. The sandwhich was good, but was it worth money? debatable. For a $13.00 I would expect a side dish, or the sandwhich to be out of this world. This one was good, but not extremely flavorful or anything. The coleslaw was a nice touch, and the rye bread didn't taste too much like rye, which is a good thing. The chili cheese fries on the other hand were delicious and plentiful. Enough to split comfortably between 2 or 3 people. The atmosphere was cool, but a little weird considering the restaurant was filled with business suits in the midst of a not so good neighborhood. The service was good, and the waiters were attentive but not pro-active. As in they filled up water if asked, but never did it even if it was empty, if not asked.All in all, good place, but nothing that special for all the hype.I had Langer's bookmarked for 3 years and finally came around to trying it. I tried the #19 and I can say that this is the best pastrami I've ever had hands down. We decided to phone in our order and pick it up curbside. It only took about 5 minutes or so for our order to be ready. Just park your car in front of the restaurant (on 7th) and they'll bring your order to your car. The sandwiches are quite expensive, but I think it's okay to indulge once in a while. Now it's a difference story if you have a $15 a day sandwich habit. PROS:- Curbside service is quick - They can swipe your credit card and give you a receipt outside - Delicious thick cut pastrami that's well seasoned and moist CONS:-  A bit pricey - In a sketchy part of townThe gold standard for deli's in America (yes, I've been to Carnegie Deli in NYC).Get the #19 (I don't know why they even have anything else on the menu).I'm so glad I went on a weekday during the holidays--apparently the wait is out the door (okay, it was when I left the place) and takes forever to drive to (it took 2 minutes versus the 20 others are used to in crazy LA traffic).I got the famous #19 pastrami with swiss cheeese and cole slaw.  We split it, which was just the right amount for lunch!  The server was friendly and to the point.  We ordered and received our sandwich after a couple of minutes-it was that quick!  Haha.Absolutely delicious and I would definitely eat here for lunch breaks, if I worked around the area!Parking lot is at 7th and westlake. 90 min free w validation(!) The pastrami was excellent, but pretty pricey. Fries were regular frozen fries, nothing amazing. But their menu is huge - they have stuff I've never heard of like egg cream soda (wtf?). Don't worry if you see a line outside, it moves very quickly and they have outdoor heaters.I can't believe it took me this many years to finally try Langer's!  The #19 is as good as they say it is.  Pastrami on Rye with Coleslaw, Russian Dressing and Swiss Cheese.  Pastrami, juicy and flavorful, so much of it that it's falling out of the sandwich before you pick it up.  I like bread with some texture and this rye was perfect in my book.  The rye was soft in the middle, but thick enough to not have the meat make my bread soggy while it sat on my plate.  The crust is crunchy with just the right amount of give.  It's a toasted feel without having to toast it.  The best pastrami in LA & OC!!  Kasha Varnishkes - I'd never had this dish before but I liked it.  Bowtie Pasta with Buckwheat Groats and Onions.  Not good as a main, but great as a side or supplemental dish as it's flavor is full but not bold.  Potato Pancakes with Sour Cream and Apple Sauce - Five Potato Pancakes, dark brown and crispy on the outside with onions and just the right amount of salt.  Was not disappointed.  Next time I'll have to try the chili cheese fries.  The orders that I saw coming out of the kitchen show a mountain pile of crinkle cut fries with stacked high chili and cheese on top.  If only I had three stomaches!  Service was johnny on the spot!  Our server at the counter checked up on us a few times, refilled our drinks when they were only 1/3 down, and cleared out empty plates within a minute or two of us finishing to reduce the clutter around us.  Langer's is one of LA's classic/landmark restaurants and if I had to choose, I would rank this a solid 1+ stars better than Phillipe's and the Pantry.  Hey, they are all good in their own way, but Langer's is clearly a level above.  For parking, Langer's has it's own little lot on 7th St.  Look for the yellowish Langer's parking stand in the middle of the lot.  First 90 minutes free with validation.  ***Battle mode!  NY vs. LA.  Katz's (haven't tried NY's Carngie yet)  vs. Langer's.  Both pastramis are juicy and bursting with flavor, but the cut I had at Katz's was a little leaner (a good thing).  I like the crisp outer crust at Langer's better (personal preference).  The winner of the pickle battle is Katz's by a mile.  They give you two different types of pickles and they are both superb.  Langer's pickle is good, but Katz's stood out from bite one.***The gf and I came here after a workout looking to try some good Jewish deli pastrami but we came entirely on the wrong day.  For their 65th anniversary, they were handing out free #19 sandwiches but by the time we got there (around 8) they had closed the line for that.  Granted, we were lucky since they usually close at like 4 on Saturdays but we were going to pay anyway so the long line was a downer given that we couldn't get the sandwich for free.  Nevertheless, they allowed us to skip the line and order to-go right away!  That definitely shows care towards the customer!  We really appreciated it.With that being said, we ordered the #19 (Pastrami with coleslaw) and #88 (Corned beef with sauerkraut) and a matzo ball soup.  I don't think I need to talk about the #19 but it was delicious!  I had gone to Katz deli in NY and was underwhelmed about the seasoning (given what other friends have said about it I think I just went on an off day) and the price of it ($17 for a sandwich?).  Langer's pastrami was juicier and had more flavor than Katz and the combination of coleslaw, pastrami, and TOASTED rye bread (not a big fan of rye unless it's toasted) was surprisingly nice. However, the corned beef sandwich was sorta lifeless.  The corned beef by itself was nowhere near as good as the pastrami (it wasn't as fresh and not salty enough for my liking) so much so that the sauerkraut totally overwhelmed the sandwich.  The sauerkraut to meat ratio was just too high and I had to take off sauerkraut and add mustard to make it taste decent.  The matzo ball soup was also pretty good although I can't be the best judge since I hadn't had it before ever.  I'm a big soup guy and I can really tell that this could be somebody's comfort food.  The soup was delicately seasoned and the matzo was light and sorta melted in your mouth.  Overall, it was a good take-out experience.  A bit on the pricey side ($15/sandwich but loaded with meat) but worth it for a once in awhile treat.I was here for the anniversary party and I received a free #19 pastrami sandwich. Thanks again Norm!Almost guaranteed to enjoy some great deli food on any trip here. The pastrami is good with minimal fatty parts, but enough to ensure the flavor. I had a side of potato salad which was pretty average, but a nice complement to the rye/pastrami sandwich. A good overall deli restaurant and bonus points in my book for giving back to the community.Quite simply the best deli in town.  I could nitpick about the dangerous neighborhood and parking being one block away.  I could complain that it is too expensive but when you put that sandwich in your mouth you forget any complaints.  You could go somewhere else but you will have a lesser sandwich....guaranteed.I had to come here and see what all the fuss was about. Whoa! They're #19 pastrami on rye bread is amazing! I am not someone who likes pastrami but I decided to give it a try, it's unlike any other...delicious! Try it, you won't be disappointed. They offer curb side pick up if you don't want to bother with parking which can suck at times.This place...OH this PLACE! Your pastrami is amazing. guess the show:dawn: "It was like a meat party in my mouth" curbside delivery, parking lot less than a block. Oh did I mention the #19?There isn't much that can be said about this place that hasn't already been said. I'll keep it brief; if you like pastrami they serve the best in LA.  Hands down.   Many here will say get the #19, but I usually get the #12 or #44 b/c I like a reuben.  It's a big sandwich too so go hungry or plan on being very full and happy afterward.**************************3.9*********************­*****Sorry not exactly a true 4 yet but pretty close up there. I meet up w/one of my yelp friend Adrian for lunch and he wanted to try Langer's again because he just ate Katz in NYC last nite. So we got here at a great time because we got a seat right away. We sat down and decided on getting their famous #19 and a regular pastrami w/just rye bread. Also i wanted something else to eat so I got the chili cheese fries. We were thinking about getting a beer too but I had to go to work later so I decided to pass on the idea. Oh yeah I am not really a pastrami fan or like a lot of meats in any of my meals.....I love my carbs and can't live w/out it so keep that in mind when I am reviewing this place. The chili cheese fries came first and we both share it and it wasn't the best but it wasn't bad either. Next came both of the sandwiches and we started w/the pastrami w/the bread only. After that we try #19 and it had a totally different taste. We continue to eat both of the sandwich and we both think the one w/the meats and rye only was the better one because you can actually enjoy the taste of the pastrami rather then #19 where the sandwich was too busy and after eating it awhile, it got way too sweet for my taste. The best part of Langers has to be the pastrami because of the fat content, they leave it on which i love. I would totally come back here again....not everyday but once in awhile heheI wish I could give this place 10 stars that's how great this place is. Yes this place is expensive but well worth paying for it. Pastrami sandwiches are to die for and the atmosphere is welcoming. Downside is the location but who care Langers is delicious.I've been to Katz's in NYC, and the pastrami at Langer's is just as good as anything you will find at an authentic NY deli.  Service at lunch is super fast.  You can't go wrong here.Waiting out in front of Langers patiently for our turn to be seated, I looked around at all the Langers fans standing in line with me.  Elderly Angelinos, college students, bikers and downtown courthouse employees.  All I kept thinking about was the black pepper crusted crumbly, tender and juicy pastrami that would magically appear before me in the very near future.When the hostess called our name and said she had two seats at the counter, I said "YES"!!.  Love sitting at the counter.  We both ordered pastrami (of course), mine on rye, the beau ordered his on a french roll.  I also indulged in the Langer's cream soda (they have their own), was delicious!  We ordered a small side of fries, plenty for two people.  The food was served quickly, great service from our sweetheart of a waitress.  Parking is available in a private lot up 7th Street, two blocks away.  They will validate parking.  There is also a lot right across the street for $5 all day.Love this place, it's a Los Angeles Staple!BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICH FOREVER, EVER (EVER, EVER!)I've been to a ton of sandwich shops, including Canter's Deli and hot pastrami wouldn't be my first pick but if it's the resto's specialty, such as Langer's then by all means.  During this visit, I wanted to eat light as we were planning to make it a food coma weekend.  So I ordered the Half Sandwich and Salad for $11.95.  When the food came out, I grabbed a piece of pastrami and oy vey...it was so delicious!  The reason why pastrami was never my first pick is because it's usually salty, smokey-tasting and over seasoned.  Not here!  It was seriously the BEST hot pastrami sandwich I've ever had!  I was so regretting not ordering a full sandwich but hey, I'll know next time!The staff, our waitress in particular, was reminiscent of the waitresses at Canter's.  Older ladies with a quirky, sweet, but stern attitude.  But they had a couple young guys as waiters, who were way friendly.They have a parking lot which is a block up the street but is good for one-hour but man, was I on edge watching the clock as each 20-minutes was $5 each.Totally recommended...just don't set yourself short like me and ordering a half sandwich...doh! :)This place was seriously great! Some of the best Pastrami I've had - the service was awesome, prompt, and helpful.  The food was excellent and they validate parking from the nearby lot. Reminded me of NYC and definitely compares.  They definitely deserved their James Beard Award. Get there before 4pm though as they close then. Paleo Note: Pastrami plate #15 for the paleo inclined is a heaping pile of delicious meat and salad - very accommodating service!Never again will I order a pastrami sandwich unless it's from Langer's. What is all this other crap I've been eating? Ya'll call it pastrami? Well, you don't know pastrami until you've had a pastrami sandwich from Langer's. It's tender, it's juicy, it's moist and full of flavor. Their slices are thick and fat! It's the real deal, I promise. I haven't ordered pastrami from anywhere since. This is what you do, order the #19 and a glass of root beer. You're very welcome.Langer's deli best pastrami sandwich! The famous number 19 comes with the coleslaw inside and the rye bread has a wonderful crunchy crust. The egg cream soda was the best I've ever had and they give you extra soda water.Unlike many other restaurants in LA you probably won't be the oldest person there. Neighborhood a little dicey but free parking down the street.The pastrami sandwich was really good! Thank you fellow yelpers that suggested #19. The crust on the sandwich had a nice crunch and flavor. Banana bell peppers on the side was a nice hint of spicy. And the pickle helped cool the heat. Sandwich size is huge! Mostly because they were generous on the pastrami. :)Wow.  I'm not really a huge pastrami fan (more of a corned beef kinda guy), but they make a MEAN pastrami sandwich here.  I rolled up just as they were closing, but they let me get something to go.  I went with a #1.I took my sandwich back to the car and dug in.  It was heavenly.  The pastrami was warm and tender, the coleslaw added that perfect zing, and the Russian dressing just tops it off perfectly.  And DAMN is that the perfect pair of rye slices.  The crust was as crisp as a baguette.I am going to have to agree with Mellisa A. - Best. Pastrami. EVAR!My only complaint was the price: $10+ for a sandwich and pickles.Wow I so thought i reviewed Langer's before....Best Pistrami in LA, though make sure to ask for it lean... and try somethign intersting they have liek 15 options on what to do with pistrami.I also think they have the best Challah bread at any of the kosher style delis... their Matzoball soup is eh.Just as someone else said in another review... this place is HANDS DOWN / ASS UP / DROOL WORTHY / WHATEVER THE BEST place I've ever tasted for Pastrami.  Yes, this includes places like Canter's (semi-nearby), Johnnie's Pastrami in Culver City, The Hat (anywhere), and any other Pastrami joint you can think of.When I arrived, I was skeptical about how this Pastrami sandwich would hold up against the reigning champ, Johnnie's.  Granted, they are different "types" of pastrami, I rate the sandwich taste in overall CREAM factor... meaning, if I'm creaming my pants, it gains points.  This sandwich definitely takes the cake... or rather, the cream.  The super long lines and short hours of operation really indicate something grand about this spot.  It MUST be great... yes?  YES!  The service, though slow, but justifiable because of the crazy crowds, was pretty darn good.  The waiter took a little while to take our orders, but he made it a point to come and at least greet us and tell us that he'd be with us in a minute or two.  Several minutes later, he was there, ready and willing to take our orders.  After ordering a Pastrami sandwich and Corned Beef sandwich, we were on our way to this drool-fest.  The food arrived merely minutes after ordering... very much compensating for the longer'ish wait time to order.  After we all creamed our pants accordingly, we paid and were on our way.  Mann... what a day that was!Excellent pastrami.  Thick slices between warm, full flavor rye.  Slather some mustard, and baby, you got a sandwich going.  My usual go-to place for really good pastrami is Tommy Pastrami.  Langer's pastrami is unique is that it's not thinly sliced.  I was skeptical when I saw thick slices of pastrami because I assumed "God, this is going to be chewy and tough."  But it was so tender!  The flavor was deep and not just salty.This place is like a historical landmark.  Walk inside and you realize this place hasn't changed...like....ever.  The waitresses might be the original ones.  My friend, Kumar, and I saved time during the lunch rush when we saw two open seats at the counter.  Sitting at the counter was cool because we got to see the hustle and bustle of the cooks and waitresses.  So why the missing 5th star?  Langer's is in a not-so-good area of LA.  I would fear coming here in the evening.  Also, one basic sandwich of just meat and bread is pretty expensive ($12).  It was a nice experience for a really good sandwich.  Unfortunately, it's not a place I would visit often...especially when I don't even live in LA.HANDS DOWN THE BEST PASTRAMI RESTAURANT IN LOS ANGELES! I came here with a friend after reading the reviews on Yelp and on the radio. Mykal Thompson is the play-by-play announcer of the Los Angeles Lakers and he's always raving about Langers. The reviews reassured me that this was going to be a good investment. There's only street parking and it's quite difficult to maneuver around traffic because one wrong turn can be devastating.We walked inside, and was seated promptly. $14 for a sandwich?! I decided to get the pastrami with Swiss cheese and cole slaw with Russian style dressing. I didn't know what to expect and, I have to admit, I was skeptical. It wasn't long before our waitress brought out the sandwich and a side of pickle. The thick cut pastrami was placed on top of a bed of cole slaw and cheese. I grabbed the sandwich and took a bite of the pastrami sandwich. Unbelievable! The combination of the pastrami and cole slaw was a perfect fit, and almost melts in your mouth. I was concerned that the thick cut pastrami was going to be overpowering. The only concern that people might have is the price, but it's definitely worth a try. Make sure you plan ahead because the wait can be long if you come at the wrong time. You can also make phone orders and they will bring it out to the curb when you arrive. ENJOY!Not gonna waste your time.  They have the best pastrami sandwich.  1) you can get your parking validated.2) order #19 (pastrami w/ cole slaw and swiss cheese).  This may become your favorite number.3) This is the only time I will let Rye bread come near my mouth.  Langer's pastrami makes my enemies taste good.  I know there is just so much to eat in LA.  This is a must.  You want a NYC deli experience in LA?  Come to Langer's.#19 hot pastrami with swiss and coleslaw on rye. one of the best things i've ever eaten. $15.20slightly thick cut, peppery beef (think peppery beef jerky flavor, tender fall apart brisket style meat) on soft rye bread with sweet/creamy/tangy cole slaw. ask for extra russian dressing on the side. yes, parking can be impossible since it's on the busy corner of 7th and alvarado (uppity gringas: better hold on tight to your LV's bc this is not the cleanest and nicest of areas). so once you are nearby, start looking for meter parking. it's diner style: counter or booth. one samish is pretty filling + side of crinkly ho-hum fries. try to go after the lunch rush, maybe around 1pm. the corned beef with melted swiss and kraut is pretty good too. my bf and i shared both, we agree that the pastrami wins. we ate our meal is silence. less talking, more eating. it was that good.closed on Sundays. no frills.I can not believe I did not review this place.  In 2006 I went here on my lunch break over 10 times from Union Station.  My first day on my job resulted in my first lunch break here.  Oh the memories.Area is pretty bad, but You have Mama's Hot Tamales , McDonalds and a 99 Cent Store within 2 minutes from the MacArthur Exit of the Redline.  What more can you ask for.One of the most tender and flavorful Pastrami sandwiches in town.  Service is good and welcoming and never a let down.  What set this place apart is the amount of time they slow cooked the meat to further tenderize the pastrami.Great sandwiches, great pickles, great service.  Not a lot else to say about this place.  A little too much sauerkraut on the reuben for me... don't say I didn't warn you.  It is kind of expensive... I think you'll probably end up spending around 20 bucks for a sandwich, fries, and a drink, but it's well worth it.Park in the lot on Westlake and 7th, or order the curbside pickup, and be glad the restaurant's windows are thick enough to muffle the constantly blaring ranchero music.#19 is everything people say it is. I take that back - it is everything *positive* that people say.The waitress quipped that I wasn't very adventurous, but believe you me, I'll be back to try the weirdest thing they can cook up, whatever that is.Yelp did not disappoint. This is hands down the best pastrami I have ever had. It was extremely juicy, tender, and flavorful. Oh man, I should have got a few pounds of this peppery pastrami to go. Though I have never been to NYC and tried the pastrami at Katz's, Stage, or Carnegie's, I am convinced this is the BEST pastrami west of the Mississippi. I did what all fellow yelpers have done before, order the Number 19. Hot juicy pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing all held together on fresh Rye! I could not stop there. I ordered a potato Knish, Bagel and Lox, potato salad, French fries, and Matzo ball soup. Yes, I finished it all, with the help of my wife. Everything was amazing, except the best part of the Knish was the gravy and not the actual dumpling. Service, A+...thanks Kevin. Servers are very professional. Though the facility is very dated, it is kept uber clean. You know what they say, cleanliness is next to Godliness, and the number was Heavenly! I will be coming back here. Oh, and the cashier will validate parking. Steve out.#19!  This place has been compared to Katz in NYC... and well I can say that I like this place better than Katz.  Mainly b/c I forgot what Katz tastes like and b/c I just had Langer's super juicy delicious, most flavorful Pastrami sandwich I have ever had.It's different than Hats...b/c their meat is thick and juicy!I am craving it just thinking about it.  The main downfall is it's price!  They charged $13 just for the sandwich & pickles!  WOA.   Unfortunately they know they can b/c people will keep on going back for more and more and more.  Supply & Demand..you gotta hate it.I almost got the sour dough bread w/ my sandwich but was glad when I changed it back to RYE.  I think pastrami and rye just go together b/c they are just the best of friends. =)If you haven't been... GO!  You will not be disappointed!!!  Make sure you got some dough tho!  ;-)4 stars for the overall experience, food & selection, but minus one star for the price.This is not your typical $5 footlong - it is better!They have a huge selection of sandwiches and meats as well as other food items. The items are a little pricey and you only get the sandwich for $12-$15 with a few sandwiches over $15.  The sides and drinks are seperate.I tried the pastrami french dip and it just melted in my mouth.  The dip was not strong and it went well with the sandwich, the pastrami was rich & flavorful.I am going to be honest and say I am not going to be a frequent customer, but I wouldn't mind to splurge once in a while.If you're going to a place like Langer's it's obviously going to be about the food, so let's stick to that.Latkes: Delicious. Just like mom used to make. Perfectly coarse grated and cooked without being greasy.Bread: Some of the best deli rye I've ever eaten. The crust was so thick and chewy. Heaven.Meat: Thick cut and so fresh. The consistency was perfect.  So why only four stars? The portioning of it was chintzy. For a $13 sandwich--especially at a Jewish deli--the amount of meat on my sandwich was about as much as what I'd get on half a sandwich at that other deli on Fairfax. It was noticeable and unforgivable.Would I still go back tho... ummmyesplease.Tuna sandwich for my daughter on sourdough with pink lemonade; Half a salami sandwich for me, on rye, with cole slaw and a diet coke. No better lunch.Langers just celebrated heir 65th anniversary. They are a hold out in the neighborhood from another time, still wildly popular. The food is such delicious comfort food, the service is better than anyplace else in LA.I waited way too many years before trying Langers. It's the best deli in LA, found n a very unlikely place. But truthfully, one of my favorite parts of town. MacArthur park is a great place to stroll, post-pastrami.Come on though! Your matzo ball soup is a matzo ball in water! I need the real deal chicken matzo ball soup style. How depressing!! Atleast the meat is good stuff... also though, they don't make white fish bagel spread it's just chunks of whitefish not really good either.Delicious! I had the pastrami with liver for around $14. Yes it's pricey but it was a nice treat. The cream soda is also something you have to try! Parking is about a block away from the restaurant and it's free of charge  with validation.Pretty good, but not amazing for the price. I liked the smoked fish platter, but I have had substantially higher quality smoked fish and bagels in NYC. That's all I can go by--don't eat pastrami and such.Cream cheese was really cold and thick on the last visit.  Just not all that high quality an establishment.When I first moved to LA in summer of '06, I was on a mission to find the best sandwich, pizza, hamburger, and carne asada burrito. I found the best JEWISH sandwich in Langers.  I've tried the "known" one's like:  Canter's, Factor's, Nate and Al's, and etc.  In my opinion, Langer's is the best.  Rye bread, mustard, a huge stack of pastrami and cole slaw inside the sandwich!  Quality, quality, quality.  The only bad thing is you are on your way to a heart attack later in the future.This place owns.This is the real deal if u want a good pastrami sandwich.  No. 19 is the way to go.  I also tried the no. 44 which is a similar sandwich as 19 except it has sour kraut instead of coleslaw.  It has a very different taste than the 19.  The french fries are good but it wasn't my style.  I like my fries spuddy and fat, the fries here are fat but they were fried so well, the outside was golden and crispy but hollow in the inside.  The middle was missing all that good spuddyness. In spite of my fry snobbery, this place is a must try, its all about the pastrami.  The service is very very good by the way.  No. 19No. 44Side Order of FriesTeaDiet CokeThe grand total came out to: $38.10.  A bit pricey but still a must try.  Its great for lunch.  We were in and out within 30 minutes.The neighborhood is quite shady, you can even get a fake ID on the streets here.  I've heard they are that they don't look real though.  For those of you who been to the neighborhood and look young enough, I'm sure you've been whispered to while walking to Langer's.  =PWarning: Shout out to Detroit.Ever been to the Bread Basket? They have the best blintzes. Ever. Show me a blintz not from Bread Basket and I will show you a sub-standard blintz.Enter Langer's. A food critic at the New York Times said it was the best pastrami sandwich IN THE WORLD. That's pretty high praise, but I had other menu items on my mind. I had the blinders on as I walked into Langers (PARKING IS FREE FOR THE FIRST HOUR SO CHILL OUT EVERYONE). Ordered the blintzes, got them quickly, ate them even more quickly. Turned around in my seat and saw Mr. T. Apparently it's one of his favorite places. Good enough for me.As for the blintzes; not the same as Bread Basket but pretty damned tasty. Tried some of my friend's pastrami and was delicious (like I expected). If you're into deli food, you need to hit this place up. A little cheaper than Jerry's which is refreshing.Langer's has officially become my favorite restaurant in LA.For those psychologically warped poor souls who for some reason lack an affinity for bread, Langer's pastrami and eggs breakfast is to die for. We had breakfast at Langer's yesterday, and because this was the second time in five days that we had stopped by, the waitresses remembered us and were incredibly sweet. It only takes two visits at a forty-year-old restaurant to achieve regular status? Score. I urged N. to come in at least once a week to maintain her VIP standing, which she is happy to do.The pastrami never fails to deliver; home fries were browned to a golden crisp; and eggs were perfectly poached for me and scrambled for N. I ordered corned beef hash, which was the second best I've ever had, but even most amazing things pale in comparison to Langer's pastrami. The #19 is still my favorite thing on the menu, but it's good to know that Langer's is consistent in delivering the goods at any time of the day.And unlike most delis/diners, the coffee is good.Final Decision: Good pastrami, but overly pricedSo I saw this placed mentioned on Foodnetwork Best Things Ever and some of the celeb chefs mentioned some of their favorite foods between bread, this one was mentioned.  So my friends and I decided to give it a try.  We arrive and got greeted with a small group of people ahead of us and hostess that wasn't alerting everyone about a waitlist.  The place looked like a deli/restaurant that had these oldschool booths with the menus stuck in a slot between the chairs.  It was kinda cool to see people with shirt and bow-ties and taking orders.  Service was okay, there was a bus girl that came around all the tables from time to time to check on our beverages. Food Ordered: Pastrami with muenster and russian dressing on rye - I really liked the texture and thickness of the meat. The combination of the cheese and Russian all seems to meld in your mouth like french fries and ketchup.  #19 same as above but with swiss - my friend seemed to enjoy the sandwich with the swiss.  He didn't like the banana peppers that he requested on the side, which came off a little to salty.Pastrami and corned beef on rye - my other buddy thought the sandwich was okay, nothing to exciting or overly special.  He didn't have the Russian dressing in his sandwich though. Granted that my sandwich was tasty and the piles of pastrami was there, what was still hurting was the price.  For a sandwich portion that my friends and I got, we should not be paying $14 per sandwich.  Hence my low ratingAs good as it gets. I'm not a big pastrami type of guy but a friend and yelp community convinced me to give this place a shit. Upon walking in, it reminded me of an old school diner. Everything was old school about it including our super friendly and helpful waitress. She looks like she is in her late 60s but provided superb service that would make these young 20 something waiters/waitresses look like fools. Now the food, lets talk about the food shall we? Ordered 19. First bite makes your eyes open to all the yummyness this sandwich possesses. Bite number 2 and so on you are entered in a state of what they call, ecstasy. Although not a big fan of cole slaw, this thing compliments the meat so well along with the bread. Bite after bite it taste that much better. What are you waiting for? Get in the car and head to Langers and prepared to get your taste buds tantalized.Called Langers deli @ 11 AM no line for 2 people the lady phone tells me. I ordered the number 19 Pastrami and coleslaw on rye bread $13 and a side of fries with a can coke $21 bucks for lunchParking validated for first hour on 7th and WestlakeDear Langers, Yes, you did a good job on the pastrami sandwich. No lie, it was a good  sandwich with thick strips of pastrami, coleslaw, cheese, on delicious rye bread. The thick pastrami strips were flavorful and I haven't tasted well-made thick pastrami sandwiches like this before. However, I do have some reservations on giving you a high score. #1 - $15 for a sandwich, the portions weren't that filling for a 15 dollar meal. #2 - The corners of the rye bread were like eating cardboard and it cut my lips. I would expect better attention to that for such an acclaimed restaurant. #3 - parking (I can't blame the restaurant, but I suppose the location sucks for parking).Best THICK pastrami sandwich I've ever eaten. BUT, I've had better pastrami sandwiches than this.Who knew pastrami could be so sinfully delicious? I sure as hell didn't! Sure sin comes with a hefty price tag, but in this instance it's worth every penny. Just the right amount of blissfully mouthwatering pastrami sandwiched between fresh rye bread that has a crunchy crust and a soft springy body. I only wish I tried #19, next time for sure!Take the bad boy to-go. Call in your order and they'll deliver your sandwich, with correct change, to your car. Drive off to somewhere secluded so you and your sandwich can be alone. Take a bite, show your approval by making strange faces and be as loud as you want. Enjoy it. No one will see or hear you.Oy!  The best pastrami I've ever had...EVER!I think after eating a handcut pastrami sandwich at Langer's, I'm probably ruined for pastrami at any other restaurant for the rest of my life.  It's so tender and flavorful and surprisingly not very salty!  I ordered the #1, on rye and boy is the bread good, so crusty and fresh with a slightly chewy soft interior, and the coleslaw is the perfect foil to complement the fat in the pastrami - genius!  Makes me sad that I don't live close by so I can eat there every  week.Oh yeah, and the Latkes were pretty damn good as well.P.S. We got there at 11:30am on a Wed and had no problem getting seated, luckily we came early, because by noon there was a line!One of the best Pastrami Sandwich I have ever eaten. I ordered the Hot Pastrami this time and I thought it was very delicious. Next time I will try the Pastrami and Chopped Liver. My buddy got that this time and he said it was very delicious. Though I really thought the prices are a little steep for a Pastrami Sandwich($14). With a soda and a side of fries, my meal alone came out to be $20.I give it 4 stars not for the lack of the quailty but you are paying a bit too much for what you get. On quality and taste alone, I would give Langer's 5 stars.There's not much I can say about Langer's that hasn't already been said - it's 100% worth it to stand in the line (which moves very quickly, I wasn't in line for more than 15 min during peak lunch hour)Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had, nothing even comes close, plus the staff here is super nice!Love love love the #19 special.  The way the pastrami is cut like no other kind I've ever had and the rye bread just makes the sandwich over the top.  When i was an EMT the road side service they offer helped out a lot.  Keep up the good work guys!Maybe it was because it was the end of a long stressful work day. Maybe it was because it was the first day of my vacation. Maybe it was because I took the other half of my #19 home and nibbled on it the rest of the day. Whatever it was, it it made me file the #19 from Langer's under "best sandwich ever" in my brain. I love everything about this place. The retro interior, the super sketch location and the free parking with validation.I will definitely be back!Simply the best.True story, this is the best pastrami anywhere in the United States!The hand cut pastrami is tender, fatty, and juicy...it's better than prime rib!The #19 sandwich is great and all, but I prefer to order the a pastrami sandwich with swiss cheese and dressing over a kaiser roll. Try it yourself and you will be happy. =)OMG you're delicious...pastrami dreams. It is a little on the pricey side, but I ended up splitting a sandwich and still struggling to get the last bite down. The waiter was even nice enough to make me a cherry 7-up, well aren't you a dream!Wow.  Just, wow.The pastrami is so soft and moist you can't believe everybody doesn't do it this way.  And the bread is soft as well, but somehow doesn't break against the weight of all that goodness.Sides are a mixed bag.  My potato salad was sort of curiously underseasoned, but I suspect that might be a concession to the average age of the clientele.Service, however, was stellar.  On a hot day, my server noticed I was going through my water quite quickly, and all of a sudden I had two waters.  Standing O.Mmmm? OKSo, I was in the area and having heard of the famous pastrami I decided I'd hunt it down for my 1st go at it.Wow, $15.50 for a sandwich and pickle. (#10-no slaw) added side Mac salad and small fries.I loved the bread, the pastrami was very good, Was it OMG I wanna marry it good? No. The simple mac salad, tasty, for such simple ingredients. Fries, crinkle cut, nothing special. I'm sure I'd stop in again-IF I was in the area, but I'd never make it a destination. Couple things that make me crazy. The open kitchen concept? Please don't allow staff to eat and drink while cooking food for others, not sanitary. I even saw couple wipe their noses; was a complete turn off. (I sat at the counter)Service. I'm given that a 1 star. There wasn't ANYTHING about it that said to me, thanks for coming in--EVEN AFTER I TOLD THE SERVER IT WAS MY FIRST TIME.The young ladies at the register, dressed like their heading to the club, could of cared less, very robotic in their manner. Not a single thank you, how was things; Oh, one did say have a nice day.This place is OK, good food over all, but near me is an equally tasty place that serves pastrami, different, but equally good and half the price for same size. (Marv's deli )So, if your in that area and are a fan of pastrami, stop in, be ready to drop about $25 on a Sammy, fries, Mac salad and coke.Parking? block down and is validated = free. Walking the block makes you think your in Tijuana.  Why does that community trash their streets? No pride.I love Langer's, everything I have had there is good. Always end up getting the Pastrami with coleslaw, swiss and russian sauce on Rye and some matza ball soup. Would give it 5 stars, but I just think it is a little too expensive - never leave spending less than 20$ for lunch.Get pastrami, but don't get anything else...  Except for more pastrami to go.I wouldn't call it the best pastrami in L.A. but it's pretty close. The place is entirely old school and that's the charm about it. It's like walking into a coffee shop that your grandparents / parents hang out in. I don't usually comment about service in my reviews because I've been on the other side of the coin. But it's easy to tell the waitstaff is on top of everything and don't miss a beat. Just for the service alone it makes it a pleasant experience.  The pastrami is thickly cut served on crusty rye bread. It's very nicely done and fresh. No sides except for the sliced dill pickle. Deli and yellow mustard on on the table to apply as needed. About the ranting on the location.....You're only going to be here for less than an hour to eat. You're not going to live here. There's a 99% chance that nothing is going to happen to you in broad daylight along a bustling street with a bunch of shops along it. This is a civilized city and not some war torn country. So just get over yourself and eat here.The pastrami sandwich is good, it's not the usual salty and greasy mess I'm used to (it is good in its own way though).   Maybe too good for me as my body didn't register it as pastrami at first (This, this is pastrami? But this is steak...). I chew, I stare at the sandwich, I chew again and finally it dawned on me that this is kind of a gourmet thing if you will (in my book anyway).   Don't get me wrong, it was excellent. How I didn't know about this place until my step dad took us kids there is beyond me (He says he's been going there for years when he was younger and was eager to take us there. How an Asian guy even knew of this place in the age of no internet is beyond me but he has been around, very hard working guy he is).  One incident was the workers chasing out an unwelcome visitor, this was done in a big huff and was over in seconds (The visitor appeared to be talking to other customers, maybe asking for money, the workers apparently knew the guy and honed in on him before he got too far inside. The workers looked like bouncers to me after that).  As a night owl I used to roam this area alone and with friends hitting Japanese bars and Karaoke bars (uh.., no I don't sing, happy with just alcohol thank you) and other night spots that used to populate the 6th and Wilshire areas.   All I got to show for it is Pantry's and this mysterious late night restaurant on 6th st that continued to serve alcohol past 2am (now closed long ago), they used to close if the wife and husband who owned the place had a fight and for some reason everybody knew it.   They'd reopen a couple of days later after making up (They're all smiles too, guess the makeup sex is not over rated here I see, well whatever, may I have another glass?).  I just strayed far didn't I...    Langers? It's a cool place!I'll have to check out this place again. The first time I went a couple weeks ago, I ordered a pastrami french dip. The first bite was good...the second bite, I remembered I havent eaten beef in months. Couldnt finish the rest of the sandwich.It's surely pretty $$...like $15 for a sandwich. But if you like pastrami, you should definitely check it out!Best pastrami period. It's good enough to win the James Beard Foundation award for being an American classic. I get the #1 on rye (pastrami, cole slaw and Russian dressing). I think it takes away from the flavor of the meat, but the #19 is the same thing with Swiss cheese. Get a side of crinkle cut fries and wash it down with their own cream soda.They have a validated parking lot on the NE corner of 7th and Western. The area isn't ask sketchy as it seems and you're pretty safe during the daytime hours that Langer's is open. If you're lucky though, you might get someone to proposition to sell you a fake ID. You can even phone in your order, drive up and they'll bring out to your car.Drawing the inevitable comparison to Canter's, Langer's isn't open 24 hours, doesn't have as big a menu, and is located in a less-than-convenient part of town, but I find it hard to eat a pastrami sandwich anywhere else after eating it here. I personally don't care for the swiss cheese, so I prefer the #1 over the #19, but their pastrami sandwiches are worth all five stars and all twelve dollars. The price does sound steep for a sandwich, but it's more filling than it looks and tastes better than any other pastrami sandwich in town. I haven't tried anything else on the menu but I never regret going with pastrami. Big comfy booths, crunchy rye crust, and a cold glass of cream soda makes it all worth the trip.It's a Los Angeles landmark. And the food is pretty damn good. Was taken here for a quick (long) lunch one day during work. Had the pastrami with cole slaw and dressing, which was good. Parking is kind of annoying, since you have to park at a lot about half a block away. And they say it's free, but we were confused.What was amazing was that our server was on point and seemed so authentically ... Russian? I know pastrami isn't a Russian thing (except for the Russian dressing haha) but she was old and looked like she drank potato vodka for breakfast, but not in a bad way. In a downhome, grandmotherly way. Loved it!Yummers!! I am not Jewish but sometimes I believe that in a past life I must have been. I've eaten at Manny's in Chicago, Katz's (NYC), and Barney Greengrass (NYC&LA) but it's this place that calls out to me in my dreams.  I love this place!!The best sandwich is the pastrami with chopped liver/russian dressing and then I add cole slaw as well.  MMMMMMM- it's like a heart attack waiting to happen but oh sooooo delicious.  I'm salivating as I'm typing this yelp review!  The chopped liver, while not the most flavorful, works synergistically with the pastrami to enhance the overall amazing sandwich experience!  The sandwich is huge and enough to share but who would want to share such a delicacy?? I'm just selfish enough to keep it all to myself. Trust me, you'll do the same! Go to Langers! Go NOW!!!BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICH EVER!!!   I'm not a big pastrami person...but this sandwich is awesome.  The sandwich is loaded with pastrami but the flavor is not overwhelming. The best part of the sandwich is the coleslaw!!!!My boyfriend loves good pastrami, and we had seen Langers on some cable channel and BAM, we were there the next day!definitely LOVED the #19, hand carved pastrami, with cole slaw on Rye.  We also had the corned beef with sauerkraut.. also very good,The service is very friendly, like a deli should be. Free validated parking across the street.Not fond of the walk, because of weirdo's that hang out the corners.The holy grail of pastrami. Comparable to what I would imagine that first heroin high feels like. The feeling of pure ecstasy that you chase as you spiral down into a life of full-fledged addiction. It's the best I've had. Even better than Katz in NY.  Smoky, Tender, Joyous. Seriously Pastrami Nirvana. But WTH is this 'close at 4 pm' BS??? And closed ALL DAY on Sunday??                   It's cruel.Still, I can only dock one star for this because the pastrami is so freaking orgasmic. 5 stars for the pastrami. Get the #19. Words can't describe it. You just have to experience it. The matzo ball soup is great too.Hmm...I don't really know if there's a point in me writing a review for this place because obviously, everyone has...but...I can't help it! I will keep it short and simple though..These pastrami sandwiches are ridiculously good...the bread is so soft, the coleslaw is perfect (just ask the table behind us..the first 20 minutes of our meal..that's all they were talking about...the freakin' coleslaw!!), and the meat...OMG..SO GOOD!  As you take a bite of the sandwhich, you don't even know what layer you're biting when all of a sudden you've bitten completely through your sandwich..that's how soft the bread is and how tender the meat is...just melts in your mouth...I would love it if this place was closer to home and if the line wasn't so crazy..we went at like 3:00 and we still had to wait about 20 minutes.OMG!! Amazing!!  #19 is my new favorite number and because it's the number of Langer's most popular pastrami sandwich.  Its soooo ridiculously good.  The bread is excellent....I've never liked rye until now (soft where it should be soft and crispy at the edge). That slaw is perfect and the pastrami is quality!!  Holy! This is the best pastrami I've ever had.  Makes the Hat pastrami taste like garbage.  The dressing they have on there....ohhh soooo damn good! The restaurant is old school and the service just as bad ass! Price: $15 for a sandwich and comes with no sides just two crispy pickles.  Expensive but worth every freaking penny.  You'll agree after your first bite! Parking: corner of 7th and Westlake; one hr free with validation.Great sandwiches, we had the usual, the number 19.  The pastrami was delicious and lean best i've ever had but seeing as i'm a Malaysian, haven't really had much experience with this sort of meat to be honest.Only gripe i have is that its a 15 dollar sandwich.  I mean seriously, that's a lot of money for a sandwich.  And no sides, i mean would it kill them to give us some fries?  Great sandwich though, did i mention that already?I love the pastrami, it's very flavorful and tender. I went there for the first time and got the #19 and it did not disappoint. I would've preferred the rye bread be toasted but it was delicious nonetheless. I ate half when i got it and waited about hour and half to eat the other half and it was pretty good when the sauce got all in the bread. The fries were ok, totally not worth the $5This place is awesome, i would definitely go back when i head to LA.Holy crap this sandwich is heavy!While I was eating the first half, I kept thinking this is the best damn pastrami sandwich ever.  After finishing the second half, I was taking it all back.  I seriously felt like I was going to throw up.While holding it back, I realized what the problem was for me.  The meat was really fatty and the dressing is excessive.  And I thought I had a stomach of steel...if you can't take heavy foods, just eat half and you'll be satisfied.Decided to come back here one more time (because I told my girlfriend how good this place was, but it was pricey for the amount of food you get).Man am I glad I came back!!!My sandwich increased by 50%. I couldn't believe it. it was huge and I was so full after eating it. When paying at the register, I noticed someone ordered the same sandwich (#19) and their sandwich was much smaller than mine.Must have been my lucky day. I'm a fan of #19 as long as it comes out big!Meh. is right.I was dissapointed.Not a lot of flavor and the meat was pretty fatty.But not good fatty.The bread is soft but again needs more flavor.Macaroni salad. blllaaaaannd.I was hoping it was going to live up to it's rep. And it was just a bike ride away from my place.I wont be going back.too many other good places to hit up.fail.I heard so much about #19 that I had to give it a try. It's hard for any food to live up to its hype, but #19 delivered. Overall, the sandwich is delicious. I've had it 3 times now, and it's been consistently good. But I'm gonna get nitpicky and complain about some of the details. The rye bread is a little on the bland side. And one time, the crust was way too hard ("ouch," said the roof of my mouth). They claim that their pastrami is the juiciest and the most tender, but I think it's the cole slaw that keep the pastrami moist. The pastrami is very good, but not nearly as flavorful as those in NYC (like Katz's or Carnegie).Matzo ball, chicken noodle, potato pancakes, all very good. I'm definitely going back soon.#19Loved the texture on the pastrami.  Everything mixed well together.  service was on top of everything. parking kind of sucks but you forget about once you take your first bite!Of course after seeing this place featured in some show on the Food Network, I wanted to hit this place up. Unfortunately, I never got the chance until yesterday! But, it was totally by chance!So, this is the story of my first trip to Langer's:My friend Lolly and I were on our way to the Downtown LA library. We met at Wilshire/Western; we took the subway. (we didn't drive there because Lolly didn't have the car for the day, and I am a loser that can't seem to pass her driver's license test. Joy.) So, we were on our way to the library via subway. Well, it broke down. Luckily, it broke down at the MacArthur Park stop! we were in the dark, in our train and we decided to traipse around the area for food. We surface, and the first thing I see is...a man trying to sell fake id's.The second thing i see is the glorious Langer's sign!I tell my friend, the vegetarian, that I HAVE to try this place! We walk in, are immediately seated and given water. The service was so friendly. Out waitress hooked it up!I ordered the No. 88 and my friend ordered the tuna melt. Both were delicious!  Our waitress even gave us a side of delicious Russian dressing, just because! :)The portions of meat in my sandwich were so generous and delicious and the meat was so soft and tender and fall-aparty! I would def recommend it. The next on my list is the No. 19. (it's famous, dontcha kno!) I cannot wait to hit this place up again!Best pastrami ever!!!Surpasses Canter's, Johnnie's and Jerry's by a country mile.  If you love pastrami and find yourself in or around downtown L.A. make sure you stop by Langer's.  It's not in the greatest of areas (right next to McArthur Park) so go in the daytime.The pastrami is so good that you'll want to order some from the Deli for later.  If you plan to order some for your Superbowl Party, be sure to get the order in early!I wish I could tell you about the other menu items but every time I come here I order the pastrami or the pastrami ruben and will likely never ever eat anything else.There's parking lots in the surrounding areas and valet as well.Well what do you know! I didn't think it was possible, but Langer's Delicatessen-Restaurant won me over and made me feel at home.   There's something about Deli's that I'm not quite settled with before this.  (And there's something about Alvarado street that makes me feel the same.)  But somehow, it clicked.   Yes, it was actually a comfortable mix.  Why not find this comfortable  establishment to better serve your traditional deli needs close to DTLA. Parking was about half a block away or better yet, if you prefer the train it's a quick walk from the station.   (Major bookmark!)  I opted for the Pastrami French Dip.   I bit, I chewed, I smiled.   This is exactly how it went.   Seeing the thicker pieces of pastrami, I was expecting a challenge.   Instead, the layers took me through a journey.  It  was the unexpected crunchy and soft bread, lined with just the right amount of au jus, and pastrami meat  with overall tenderness that will melt away all the doubts that this place or street may have for you.  Half of the sandwich was enough for me and I was planning to take it home until my husband got a taste of it and never let go even after finishing his  #19 Pastrami on rye. Boo. The staff was great and everything was clean.   The wide windows was a nice addition.I tried Langer's pastrami again last week for the first time since right when I moved here back in September. The sandwich looked divine. Like a perfect specimen of the NYC deli classic. Ordered it straight up on rye with mustard and nothing else. If put side by side next to Katz's in NYC (who imo makes the finest Pastrami in the world), they look very very similar...Unfortunately, having recently visited NYC, the taste of Katz's was still fresh in mind. Honestly, Langer's is sorta bland in comparison. The rye bread was fantastic. The meat had a nice amount of fattiness to it... However, the flavor of the meat was lacking the complex, smokey characteristic that really makes Katz's sing. I still think it's a good sandwich, but to be honest, I think the flavor of Oinkster's pastrami is better than Langer's. Of course, Oinkster is far from traditional. It's not even served on Rye. And the bread it came upon fell apart half way through, but the meat itself has much more pronounced pastrami flavor that comes closer to pastrami bliss."BESTrami" would be a better word for Langer's to use than "pastrami." Seriously. Calling Langer's flavorful, tender, cooked-with-care, perfectly sliced and piled meat by the same word as other "pastrami" just seems wrong somehow. It should have it's own special word.I couldn't finish the enormous sandwich, but it was every bit as good the following day as leftovers! Even the rye bread was substantial enough to have not gone all soggy in the fridge, like most would.Langer's is worth the trip, worth the wait in line on a busy weekend, worth ordering too much and taking it home.Hmm well langers is definitely known for its pastrami... but is it rude to say I like Johnnys more?? Don't get me wrong, the sandwich was pretty delish (I believe it was the #19) but the sauce, some Russian dressing or something, was NOT for me! I used the dijon mustard to mask the flavor...Next time I think I'll try it with the coleslaw and the Russian dressing on the side since I'm not a fan of either! The older wait-staff was "cute" and added to the old school theme of the place altho everyone in the front counter was younger. I LOVED that they made the bread fresh right there! MmmHHhhmmm!One of THE best places for Pastrami Sandwiches.  #19 is my fav which is pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw russian style dressing.  And ask them to toast the rye bread!  Share an order of fries OR just get crazy and get chili fries with melted cheese on top.  My friend ordered the Pastrami French dip.  It was slightly dipped already and came with a side of au jus as well for dipping.  Be sure your party is all there or else you won't get seated.  It's all about efficiency here, which I appreciate versus people that try to reserve tables when they're not ordering and waiting for friends to arrive.  Parking is challenging so park in their Lot!  It's a block away on the NE corner of 7th and Westlake Ave.FAVORITE & HIGHLIGHT & MUST HAVE: PASTRAMI SANDWICHi'm not a big fan of pastrami, but something about this place definitely hit the spot!!! the pastrami wasn't too salty, it was a thicker cut and the coleslaw just tied everything inbetween the two pieces of bread = AMAZING!Got the #19, but next time I'll just get the pastrami sandwich on rye and build it my way. The bread was delicious and the pastrami heartily smoky, but the Russian dressing wasn't really to my taste and overpowered the sandwich.Got the #19, but next time I'll just get the pastrami sandwich on rye and build it my way. The bread was delicious and the pastrami heartily smoky, but the Russian dressing wasn't really to my taste and overpowered the sandwich.First thing's first. Like others have written, let's go on record on one important thing: is the pastrami at Langer's better than Katz's or 2nd Ave Deli in NYC. No. Now that that's out of the way, let's get down to business.  Langer's is as good as it's gonna get in Los Angeles and is mighty cheaper than booking a flight and schlepping out to LaGuardia. Langer's even validates for parking! On a direct pastrami to pastrami comparison, i felt that the meat at Langer's was a bit too "lean" for my traditional NY style tastes.  The NYC stuff just tastes fattier and juicier.  Perhaps it appeals to our "tofu and goat cheese" palette here in LA, but all things said, Langer's meat still makes for a fantastic sandwich.  Maybe next time, i need to order "extra meat" to make it comparable to the NYC stuff too.  The prices are cheaper at Langers, but you get less pastrami on a standard sandwich. That might make all the difference in flavor and the sense of meatiness.One thing that stands out about Langer's pastrami sandwich is the rye bread.  Even the NYC stuff is just laid out on soft and somewhat limp bread.  Langer's rye is not only soft and flavorful, but the crust has this fantastic crusty 'crunch' to it that gives a really nice texture.  I think this bread, combined with the competent pastrami, makes this an overall wonderful sandwich.  The matzo ball soup was also "almost as good" as the NYC stuff.  I just got the plain matzo ball with just chicken soup.  Maybe next time, i'll want to dress it up with some other available add ons.  The matzo ball was fluffy and airy and didn't remind me of lead weight. The pickles were also very tasty with a fresh and snappy flavor without being overly pickled.  I will force myself to try some other things on the menu as well, but there really isn't anything else to nick pick so far about this LA institution.  Between Katz's not taking credit cards and 2nd Ave Deli being cramped and small, each place has their own set of issues too.  But considering I'm comparing Langer's to NYC staples, that's not bad company to measure up to, especially for an LA joint.I was in the area already and was starving. So, of course being the foodie that I am, I yelped and yelped until Langer's grabbed my attention. Parking was easy. Langer's has their own lot with validated parking. They also have curbside pick-up, but I really wanted to go in and take a look at a menu before ordering. I walked about 50 yards and walked in, passing a decent sized lunch crowd waiting to be seated. It was crowded and hectic by the registers and not wanting to tie up any waitresses/cashiers, I did not ask to see a menu and I didn't see one nearby. So, I just go up to the carry-out counter and wait... to order a #19 (recommended by 98% of yelpers). A kind gentleman took my order and my sandwich was ready in 3 minutes. Boy, was it torture driving 20 minutes home with a watering mouth. I love pastrami, cole slaw, kraut, rye.. I couldn't wait.It was... delicious! I can't wait to go back. Just for the #19. The pickles are a nice touch, too. Definitely recommending this deli to anyone around looking for a mean pastrami!mmMMMmmmm.... best........................ pastrami.................... EVER!!!!!Tucker was the most attentive and awesome waiter!!  My mom LOVED the gravy that came with the knish, and he brought her an extra bowl when she pulled back the bowl he tried to take away, so that she could have some extra gravy to dip her pastrami in.I had the #1 - not a fan of swiss cheese.  IT WAS MELT IN YOUR MOUTH DELICIOUS!!!!Meat knish was tasty - completely filled with shredded beef - no fillers whatsoever.Topped it all off with a strawberry white cake - so fluffy and yummy!I came on a recommendation from a friend, because I missed jewish delis. I used to go to Katz's Deli (which never kloses) in Houston all the time, and since moving to LA I've been looking for a similar place to get a hearty sandwich and enjoy the atmosphere.And wow. The food and drink here is amazing - home made chocolate egg cream, home made cream soda, and delicious knish and scrumptious kishke!Of course, the highlight is the pastrami, and their claim to "world famous" is no joke. I had the pastrami with dip, and the au jus was incredible.I know I'll be back here to enjoy the variety of pastrami experiences - with cream soda.This place has to be good if there is a line outside in a not so great looking neighborhood.  We stopped by last Saturday afternoon because Hubs has been dying to try this place out.  The radio ads on ESPN radio have been making his mouth water for the #19.We waited in line for less than 15 mins and seating at the counter.  We order the famous #19 and #88, corned beef with swiss and sauerkraut on grilled rye, fries to share and a Langer's cream soda.  Both of the sandwiches were very good.  I love that the meat is juicy, tasty, and not salty.  I have overly salty meat.  The cream soda was very good as well.  The food is a little pricey, but I guess you pay for the quality of meat that you are served.  Also our waitress Barbara was super nice and helpful. A little far for us but will be back to try other things on the menu, someday.Yes, everyone said it already but  #19 please!I usually don't like pastrami. Correction, I usually hate pastrami. I mean, I've tried it with an open mind but it was always too dry, too greasy, too salty, too much or too little something.... Lets face it, if you are looking for the prime rib of pastrami, go here. Langer's is perfection. I had Katz in NYC--which is awesome in its own way--this place is better. I'll give it 4 stars because I think its pretty overpriced to charge 14.95 for a sandwich, no matter how good it is, plus they close at 4:30.If you want to take out, call ahead and pick up curbside. They'll even ask you what car model and color you have and bring the delicious delicatessens to your car. Zing!The best pastrami you'll have in SoCal. I ordered #19 (pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw, and russian dressing) on toasted rye. I had my doubts about this place because my local deli, Brent's, has been my favorite. However, the pastrami at Langer's is the most tender and flavorful meat. The combination of the sweet slaw with the salty meat is perfectly balanced. I will give the nod on fries to Brent's. They have curly fries and steak cut fries. I think the fries at Langer's are previously frozened fries.Best pastrami sandwich ever!!! Better than New York. Yeah, that's what I said. Deal with it.  8^IThe location is not great, but there is parking in the back.The serving staff is affable, but the decor is standard deli/diner fare.The food is the star. Especially that pastrami sandwich. #19. Wow. Just wow.Pretty great matzoh ball soup too.You will not be disappointed. Best of LA for sure.I don't really have anything to add to the nearly 1500 reviews except that it's heaven on a plate.  Of course if I were to start making this a daily habit I'll get to heaven sooner.  I don't say this lightly but it's the best pastrami you'll ever have.I see a good number of recommendations for the #19; I went with the #10 because I hate cole slaw.  Even then, you will not be disappointed.The surrounding area is very sketchy and I did have an issue with the service but I'm willing to look past those things just because of the food alone.Go here at least once in your lifetime.I love Langer's and tell everyone that it has the best pastrami anywhere, but I went for lunch recently and the pastrami was very fatty and almost unappetizing.  Plus, our waitress was a real sour puss.  The waitresses are older and have been there for a long time, but generally they are pleasant.  For those reasons I gave it 4 not 5 stars.  I would still recommend it and will go back, I just hope I get a better cut of meat and a nicer waitress.  They also have the best pickles I have ever had and I seriously contemplating buying a jar (I was too full or I probably would have).I finally got a chance last weekend to see what this hype was about. 10/10 worth the pastrami sandwich, I can't wait to go back again!I thought it was overrated, especially the infamous "#19."  Service is just okay, as they're super busy.  Prices seem high, but you get a TON of food and could easily wrap the second half of your sandwich up and make a second meal out of it.  The items other than their "famous" sandwiches which I've tried here have all been great (potato pancakes, knish, and mozza ball soup), but the main attraction was underwhelming for me.The #19 is epic and is worth all the advertisements that is given on ESPN 710.  I have had pastrami before and I did not believe that a sandwich could get this good.  It is definitley pretty pricey (15 bucks for a sandwich), but is worth it.Whether a weekend urge or workweek redline lunch, langers's always hits the spot.The famous  #19 is incredible I also do the #19 in a turkey version which is just as awesome.The service is always reliable quick which helps  with the  crowds they get.In regards to parking there is a Langer's FREE parking lot about half a block away..FREE.  Oh yeah, almost forgot............the Rye bread  will make you drool.If you have tried Katz, no other Pastrami can ever compare. But Langer's, you do a damn good job! The area is definitely sketchy! They do offer a lot that validates for an hour, but I decided to risk it and park on the street. Was definitely worried about the safety of my car. That is, until I took the first bite of the sandwich and then all my worries were instantly gone.I ordered the famous #19. My philosophy: if you're coming to a place for the first time, try what they are famous for. Don't try to be a hero and discover a hidden gem. Save that for future visits. The pastrami is nice and thick, but it is so moist and tender. The russian dressing and coleslaw and perfect complements to balance the meat. But the star of the dish really was the rye bread! For me, the bread can make or break the sandwich. Too hard and it can tear apart the roof of your mouth. Too soft and it will get all soggy. Langer's Rye Bread: perfect! Soft enough to soak up some of the meat juice, but hard enough to give a nice texture.Like most good Pastrami sandwiches, a bit pricey. But you pay the price for the pastrami you get. You can eat for $5 at Subway and have "pastrami" or you can be transported to heaven to try real pastrami and be stuffed for the rest of the day for about $15. Langer's does Pastrami right!So if you're looking for that Katz' Deli fix in LA, Langer's definitely does the job!The #19 is my favorite pastrami sandwich of all time!!!!This is a pretty expensive lunch, but the food definitely makes up for the price and the proportions are HUGEGreat place for an old skool deli-sandwich. Pastrami is good, the rye bread is what makes the sandwich though. Its fresh and soft with a crunchy outter edge (not too crunchy though). Take a trip to the hood (it's not that ghetto, I prefer the term cultured), and enjoy a yummy sandwich in an untouched 50's almost-mod-style deli.This place is very old school, but the food is very good.  It's been a few years but I'm pretty sure nothing has changed. You know, it's just one of those places to go to when you just want to eat and nothing else.  Parking is horrible.This should be a pretty short review (for me). Langer's is GREAT. If you don't like Langer's, you're an idiot. If you're scared of its location, too bad for you.The #19 on rye is probably one of the most perfect sandwiches in the world (if not the most). I know, I know... Pastrami... It's GREAT, but I prefer the corned beef a little. With the crinkle-cut fries (yay!) and a soda..? Come on!Great service at Langer's too. Friendly and efficient. I keep writing "GREAT"... I know...Sorry Canter's, Nate 'n' Al's, maybe Junior's... you're good, but Langer's is... well, GREAT. If you haven't been to Langer's... go. Now.Oh MY GOD, OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD, LANGERS.By far the best and most delicious sandwich I have ever put in my mouth. The pastrami sandwich with the russian sauce is to die for, literally. Just thinking about that thing makes my mouth water. Their matzo ball soup is also some of the best i've had (in a restaurant). Service is very friendly. This place was on curb your enthusiasm, only they called it something else. Seriously if you go anywhere in LA you have to eat here.The area is McArthur Park, which is very sketchy, but langers validates parking for the lot on the other block.Hung over (this past Sat), I decided to order Langer's around 3pm and do curb-side pickup as they advertised on their website.  The whole process was really easy and efficient, except for the fact that I was parked outside by their side door (on Alvarado) while they were looking for me at their front door (on 7th) =P  They even asked me over the phone how I'd be paying; and if I'm paying cash, if I'll have exact change or not.  I told them I'd be paying with a $20 and they have my change ready with the order.Haha...considering the neighborhood, I was glad that they got this curb-side pick-up process down so that you can be in-and-out without having to park your car and get out.I ordered their famous #19 and a mushroom soup, the soup was just so-so, but the pastrami sandwich was AWESOME.  Is it the best ever?  Its definitely the best I've had in LA.  Kats in NYC is pretty damn good too though.  I welcome comments from anyone who's been to both and can say for sure that one is better than the other.Other than the pastrami, they offer so many other dishes and they all sound good.  Lol...I want to try all of them someday, but their hrs (830am-4pm M-Sat) make it difficult. =\Well, my $12 turkey on rye was fantastic.  But let me repeat. TWELVE dollar turkey sandwich plus extra for TOMATO!!  I know they're known for this pastrami, but I'm really picky with my fat. My boyfriends sandwich had to be 2000+ calories as the fat streamed out on all sides. (ugh...).  Then,  I asked for a Roast Beef and she told me it was only done "rare", so turkey it was.  I think this very much is a BIG RED meat eater (guy) type of place.  So next time I want a turkey, I'll go to Bay Cities where my sandwich will taste better and be half the price.Hey, the pickles were wonderful though.Authentic jewish deli...not a "jewish-style" deli.  Really good grilled turkey and cheese sandwich on wheat.  The unremarkable matzo ball soup could use a little propping up...carrots, celery and onion would be nice in addition to the broth and so-so ball.  Fries are for sharing here, they give you a bunch.  My friend enjoyed a decent egg cream as well.Still in search of turkey pastrami in LA...my quest continues as they don't have it here either.  And for the record, peppered turkey is not the same as turkey pastrami.  A jewel in an otherwise questionable part of town.I'm giving this review from a person who has only done take-out, but even starting with that... they have curbside pick up, which is so easy... you call it in the morning, tell the time, they'll run out and give you your order. Unfortunately, they don't take AMEX, but everything else.Their food is fresh and delicious. It's a little expensive, but for any good deli, it should be. They also always include pickles, silverware...Langer's has been around for a long time because they stick to what's good and they are good in the details... mmmmm.BEST PASTRAMI IN LA EVER!!!!!!! Parking sucks, and so does the neighborhood.  But who cares when you are eating at Langers.Pastrami sandwich here is outstanding! By far the best in Los Angeles and better than most in New York. Seedy area it is located in should not discourage you but look out for the odd hours of operation. Unfortunately for me whenever I really crave it and am in the area it is closed. Has that campy 70s diner era decor and deli smell but the pastrami is top notch!!! It is pricey for what they serve but why spend less only to leave unsatisfied. Much better than equally pricey Canter's, Greenblatt's, Art's, or Brent's.BEST PASTRAMI SANDWICH EVER! Also, the best crunchiest pickles. I love getting take out from here, popping the sandwhich in the oven, adding some of Philippe's hot mustard.Also best rye bread. Canter's who???I just wish they were open past 4pm and open on Sundays.No more rushing to Katz's before heading to JFK, and carrying smelly sandwiches on a cross-country flight -- Langer's is the authentic deli experience right here at home!I'm not a huge fan of pastrami, so I ordered the corned beef -- and it was simply amazing. The meat was tender, flavorful and not too thinly sliced, and perfectly complemented by the most delicious rye bread I've ever eaten -- soft, dense and distinctly flavorful, with a crisp and chewy crust. A little cup of the salty matzo ball soup, and my deli fix was complete.Now if only there was a Russ and Daughters with fancy cream cheeses next door...instead of MacArthur Park.I last went to Langer's about 20 (yes twenty) years ago until recently.  It's not in the best area and I had even driven by and not stopped because it just didn't look safe.I decided I needed to give it another try.  I remembered how amazing the pastrami had been and wanted to see if it was still as good as I remembered.It was even better than I remembered!  I had the #19 and have to say it's the best pastrami and best rye bread I've ever had.It's hard to describe how tender and flavorful the pastrami is.  You just have to try it.  The cole slaw and pastrami on the rye bread is just unforgettable.  The rye is crispy on the crust but tender inside.  At $13.45, it's not cheap but well worth every penny, or dollar.The area still worries me a bit but seems to have cleaned up some.  Will I go back?  As soon as the opportunity arises!!!Five stars for the pastrami sandwich alone. As someone who lived for a decade in NYC,I can say with assurance this is the best one I've ever tried. Not just the meat itself, but the rye is fresh and tasty, and the way they make the sandwich (thick, but no where it's piled so high you can't eat it) make it a must eat.If you go on a Wednesday, be sure to try their daily soup: mushroom barley with jiblets. A tasty, hearty, comforting treat on a rare rainy LA day such as this one.The best pastrami sandwich I have ever had... period.  The #19 pastrami on rye with slaw... incredible.  I recommend this for any first timer here... even if you don't like pastrami, you truly haven't had pastrami til you've had it here at Langer's.  Thick handcut slices of moist, and tender pastrami... amazingly, pretty lean too.  The slaw works perfect in the sandwich... adds some creamy sweetness and a little bit of crunch.  And all this on an great, fresh, soft, and warm rye bread.Quite possibly, this #19 could possibly be the best sandwich I've ever had in my life...I'm going to have to keep this one real simple! I read all the reviews on on Yelp and had to try them out.Their Pastrami Sandwich was absolutely amazing! I had their #19 with grilled rye bread and a side of potato salad and fries. I can't really speak for their sides because i thought it was whatevers. Their Pastrami sandwich on the other hand, was by far the best i've had in a very long time.Their curbside pick up is really convenient because their parking is pretty ridiculous.Still drooling...I brought my uncle here and he's been working with pastrami for years and he loved this place. Langer's is great for their pastrami (good ol' #19) and their service. The manager, Greg, was extremely friendly and made sure we were having a great time. He made sure our drinks were filled and our food additional food orders went through, post haste. Thanks Greg and keep up the good work.Good: Great food and friendly staff. Bad: Lines will get long at lunch so be prepared or go during the non peak hours.Final: Yummy yum yum!Just to add my two cents to a long list of rave reviews.  The pastrami sandwich is to die for.  As is well known, the twice-baked rye bread puts the whole package over the top.  I got the #19:  pastrami sandwich with cole slaw, swiss & Russian dressing.  I usually avoid cole slaw, but it provided great balance to the meat.  Even the fries were the perfect level of fried.The restaurant has an open air, old style deli feel to it (they do really play up the old jewish deli thing; lots of schmaltz).  There's also free parking across the street, a nice bonus.I'd really like to try the other items on the menu, but I just cringe thinking about the prospect of eating at Langer's without order a #19.  A good problem to have, I suppose.I did not order pastrami, so I can't review the pastrami. I can tell you that looking around the restaurant, I saw a sea of patrons eating pastrami. Their latkes (potato pancakes) are superb. Their whitefish platter is also superb, as it comes with whole chunks of whitefish, slices of dense rye bread, and garnishes such as olives, vegetables, and cream cheese. The cheese blintzes are very tasty but much richer than I imagined they would be. The filling was almost a cross between farmers cheese and cheesecake.Wow wow wow! This was the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had!Parked in their parking lot one block away which intimidates you because it says $5 for 20 minutes but don't worry, Langer's validates for an hour. Got to the restaurant and was intimidated by a long looking line but it really only took about 10 minutes to be seated and our order was taken almost immediately by our super friendly waiter! While we were waiting outside I saw about 4 different cars come by to pick up their orders. I knew it was going to be a good experience then (:The food came within another 10 minutes and just like that I was in heaven. I got the French Dip Pastrami sandwich and oh godd it was good. The pastrami was so moist and juicy; the roll was so perfectly light and chewy and the french dip was NOT tainted by some creamy sauce. It was a straight up amazingly foodgasmically inducing dip. My friend got the pastrami sandwich with saurkraut and nippy cheese (which is a spicy American cheese) and boy you can really taste the spices in that sandwich!  We also split a large order of fries which was a nice side to the sandwiches. On the pricey side ($14 a sandwich and about $4 for the fries) but I guess that's why they've been able to maintain such a high quality sandwich for so long.Honestly, splurge when you come here and you won't be disappointed. I wanted to only give 4 stars because the payment organization at the end is confusing and they don't give you anything to nosh on while you're waiting for your food but... The food is just TOO good to be true.Please come here and please eat the pastrami sandwich. You won't be disappointed (though you might be poorer by the time you leave)!Also... I love the fact that I see lots of table occupied by old timer customers who have been here since the beginning. It reminds me of the little old man from that pixar short who plays chess with himself. AWWW (:Saw this place on the food network and they were raving, so naturally, I had to try it.  The wait wasn't too long for a Friday at noon, about ten minutes.  Once we were seated we already knew what to order.  But it took another ten minutes for the waiter to get our order.  It was ok, but were really starving!Anyway, the most popular sandwich, the #19, Hot Pastrami, Swiss, Coleslaw and Russian Dressing on Rye.  The meat is hand-cut, really tender and just enough juices squeezing out of the meat.  It was also semi-warm, so we don't know how long they've cut it.  Bread's fine, but the condiments kind of take away from the pastrami experience.  Still, a good sandwich, better than any pastrami I've had on the West Coast.And we also ordered the #44 Hot Pastrami, Sauerkraut, Nippy Cheese on Rye.  The pastrami on this sandwich was less juicy because this was more like a panini, with the crusted outside of the bread greasing your fingers as you eat the sandwich.  The nippy cheese is a spicy cheddar which was ok, but didn't add to the sandwich.  I loved the sauerkraut stacked high though.  Overall, good sandwiches, but not the life-changing, orgasmic feeling you get out of every bite at Katz's in NY.  We even heard a few guys mumble the same thing as they were walking out, that Katz's is still the best.  Katz's pastramis are juicier and you know that they're hot and fresh because you order it at the counter and they take it out of the steamer and slice it in front of you.  You don't know how long ago they've sliced their pastrami at Langer's.  And Katz's seasoning is a little bit better too.  But Langer's is still a close 2nd.  If you want my suggestion, just order a plain pastrami on rye and just add a few squirts of mustard at your table.  You know the less is more saying, well this is a good place to heed that advice.  And don't skip out on the fries!I'll keep this simpleGet the #19 Pastrami Sandwich on rye bread with coleslaw and some special Russian sauce  - The pastrami is so tender! And well flavored!  - Bread is fresh with a slight crunch on the edges   - The coleslaw balances you out so you don't feel like exploding with pure meat and breadMy group also ordered the pastrami dip and brisket dip. The Au Jus is amazing! I kept dipping my fork my friend's Au Jus it to just taste it after i finished my own sandwich. We all agreed the #19 was the best b/c of the texture of the bread and just the flavors combined were awesome.Quite Simply this is the best Pastrami Sandwich in Los Angeles.  No kidding.  ...and the curbside service is great.  Call ahead and they bring it out to your car.Oh shit, that pastrami was good.  Seriously.I'm gonna have to say that, at this moment, Langer's has the best pastrami I have ever put into my mouth.  Now keep in mind, I have not yet ventured into Katz's or Carnegie or The Refuge up in The Bay.Anyway, I got the Famous #19, and believe me when I say this - every single element was perfect - bread, dressing, slaw, swiss... damn, so good.  As far as pastrami sandwiches go, Langer's has got it down perfect.  Ball's in your court, New York...So why didn't I give them 5 stars?  Because it's crazy expensive.  Like 16-bucks-for-a-sandwich kind of expensive.  Yikes.*btw, if you drive there... be sure to lock your doors and hide your valuables.Oh my. Had this microwaved after 1/2 a day of sitting in the fridge and it still deserves a 5 star. Bread complements the tender, moist pastrami perfectly. I hear its a little pricey, but its worth going to at least once in your life. Worth driving to from the OC. Better than The Hat, in my opinion. I can't really say anything else, except go try it!Their sandwiches are HUGE. At first I was surprised by the prices but when I saw how big the sandwiches were I realized it was definitely worth the money. The bread is soft and fresh, the meats yummy and the spreads are savory. It all comes together to create an absolutely delicious sandwich. They're famous for their pastrami but I don't eat red meat so I stick to the turkey, which is great. The service is fast and friendly, the atmosphere relaxed and rather old-school in a nostalgic way. I really enjoyed my experience here at Langer's and definitely plan to go back again.Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments. I would seriously consider hurting someone to be able to get a Langer's #19 up here in the Bay Area on a regular basis.  Well, maybe not, but I'd think about it... yes, it's that good.  The rye bread is perfect.  This is coming from a guy who hates rye bread.  I can honestly say there's almost nothing you could do to make a better pastrami sandwich!  The chili cheese fries are OK, but I prefer to eat fries with brown gravy.  To maybe receive a 5-star rating:1. Be open for business past 4 PM!  I can't buy their food if they're not open!  I don't care how dangerous the area gets at night; hire security and give them guns.2. Lose the crazy prices.  What is it, $14.45 or something like that for the #19 pastrami sandwich?  ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND??  OK, it tastes great, but seriously, for that kind of price I expect it to be delivered to ME. 3. I know it's an old school Jewish deli in a bad neighborhood, but for the prices Langer's charges, I expect better atmosphere or more comfortable seating.I will admit, damn good pastrami sandwich and very filling too. Probably the best Pastrami I've had (which ain't saying much, I've only had pastrami sandwiches a half dozen times at best).If you're visiting LA (as I was), and like pastrami, you *must* try Langers #19. Unfortunately, a single order of #19 and a soda was almost $20 (without tip included). That's ridiculously steep.I'm glad I tried it and I would recommend anyone to at least try it once, I doubt you'll be disappointed by the food. The price was a downer and so was the over-abundance of pork products at place that is supposedly a Jewish deli (in name only, no kosher here).I have a big problem with this place.  It closes at 4pm.  So tonight, when I am dreaming about the #19 (hot pastrami, coleslaw, russian, swiss on rye), saliva trickling down over my jowls, I'll literally be as close as you can come to having dinner at Langer's, come sundown.  It's INSANITY!  Langer's, I need you at lunch and breakfast, sure - but I also need you at dinnertime before I take the subway to a Clippers game (it's on the Blue Line); I need you for delicious-albeit-chickenless-"chicken"-noodle soup when I come down with a cold in the evening; I need you just before dawn when I've barely escaped a stabbing in MacArthur Park... Please, consider spreading the hours, Mr. Langer.  If you've never been here before, start with the #19 please.  Street parking (meters take credit cards).  Also, there's a guy in a beige shirt who will run up to you and ask if you need fake drivers' licenses or work papers when you park your car.  So if you're hungry for thick-cut hot pastrami AND you're an undocumented visitor in our fine city, find your way to Langer Square.I have only been here once. I don't plan on going back due to other factors, but not the quality of the food. I asked the waiter for a recommendation because the menu was overwhelming and I didn't know what to order. I got french fries & #19, which is Pastrami with cole slaw on rye bread. Unless you want to stuff yourself, one order could be shared with another person. It was good/decent but nothing outstanding. I wouldn't pay 14.95 (if I remember correctly) for that. Why I wouldn't go back:--Everything is moderately expensive, between $10-25, and it wasn't like #19 was extraordinary. --Parking: there's validated parking but only for an hour. I was seated upon arrival but most people had to wait. Even so, I felt rushed as I was eating. --I don't live or work near that area. Finding that place was a dreadful experience because downtown has a lot of one way streets.If I lived closer to Langer's I would be a fat man - I would also probably need some papers but that's ok because I am usually offered id's when I walk around there.The reuben (I think they call it something else but its a reuben) is soo good.  The pastrami is ridiculous - must be the best in LA. The restaurant is so old school, with its booth's and counter. The neighborhood is fun too - if you blind folded me and took me there I would give you 50/50 odds we were in San Salvador.I would enjoy going there just for the old school ambiance but you throw in a world class sandwich and its perfection. One note: the prices are higher than you would expect given the hood and the layout so be prepared to throw down $15 for a sandwich.This place was delicious, and I dont even love pastrami. The old school vibe is kinda fun andthe portions are HUGE!!!!!!And the bread......SOOOOOOO YUMMMMMYYYYYYYY........Just as good as the pastrami at Katz in NYDefinitely a must try in LA#19. Perfectly made pastrami sandwich! Gotta love that rye bread with the crispy crust! Nom nom...Root Beer Float: Pretty big serving. It was so good I finished it :)I must say. The #19 was excellent. I'm not really in pastrami, but this place was great. The meat wasn't too salty .. And the rye bread was very soft on the inside and had a great crispy crust.  I've tried The Hat and Katz in NY... even tried Canter's. Langer's  was the best. Ordered it over the phone and picked it up curb side...so fast and easy.I've been looking high and low in Los Angeles for a Pastrami sandwich that rivals Katz's Deli in New York.  I think I finally found it.  But why, why, why is this the ONLY location?  Can someone lend me some dough ($) so we can franchise a new location elsewhere?  I feel like I'm in another country when I come to Langer's.  Thankfully when I step inside of Langer's, it's pastrami country.  I need to come back for the Corn Beef so I'll only talk about the Pastrami.  I've had both the basic Pastrami sandwich and their "most famous" one and there really isn't a huge difference.  I think the only difference is a slice of swiss cheese.  But man, either are good.  Thick, moist, tender cuts of Pastrami on rye bread.  Cole slaw... this all hits the spot.  Order a large dish of fries to make it perfect (the fries are like fancy Del Taco fries cooked to perfection).  And though I gave up soda, I can't not get a Diet Coke or Coke with a meal like this.  It is heaven.YUP, this place sure is pricey, but because it's Langer's and THEE best in town, it's worth the price.  Other Deli's charge pretty much on par to Langer's and don't come close on quality.  I still think Katz's in NY was better (my sandwich was bigger, fresher, hotter) but Langer's is the only thing in LA that comes close.As an OC resident, coming here is a planned trip. And boy, it is a treat every time! I won't say anything new that hasn't been said before...the pastrami is out of this world, the corned beef is incredible, and the service is great.This place is a gem, a true Deli that LA (and OC residents) can be proud of.Went here during the lunch hour rush.  We waited outside in line for 15 minutes before being seated at the counter.  The guy that carves the hulking, steaming slabs of beef probably has worked here forever based on how skilled he is with a carving set.I was thinking they would have a Turkey Dip sandwich, but didn't see one, so I ordered the Tri-Salad; a scope each of tuna, egg, chicken salad with olives, tomatoes, radishes, etc...  Ranking the three: egg, chicken, tuna.  The salad came with a side of rye bread and butter.  If you are going to eat carbs, hopefully they taste as good as the rye -- which was amazing.  It also came with a pickle spear that was not too heavy on the vinegar, spiced just right.There is no place in the world that I crave more often than Langer's deli. Let's list off the reasons Langer's is awesome:1.) Double-baked in-house rye bread.2.) Thick-cut Pastrami3.) Epic cole slaw (and i don't even like cole slaw)4.) Dedicated parking lot a block east5.) Historical eateryNot-so-awesome:1.) Prices2.) Highly addictive3.) Food comaYeah, 5-stars. 'Nuff said.Wow, I really loved the curb side service! It's simple and hassle free! Go on line and decide what you want to order (you could even fax in the order which is great for office lunch); call and let them know when you will be there and method of payment. I told them cash and was asked how much I will have. Strange question but it is because they will have the exact change in hand when you arrive. It's like a machine! I had the corned beef with sour kraut and oh how flaky and tender the meat was. I had half of the sandwich for lunch and the other half for dinner. At dinner time the meat is not dry at all! Very impressive. The portion is a good size but unlike the New York delis which usually stack about 4" high. I don't mind at all because this makes you want to go back for more. I also bought a #19 for my customer and drove it out to Ontario. He is a young Jewish and he liked the creamy Russian dressing rendition.I firmly believe this should be a new Sunday brunch tradition!  Only problem is they are not open on Sundays...Not much more can be said about this Los Angeles fixture. If it isn't already a landmark it should be.Two words: YUM YUM!Best pastrami sandwiches in Southern California without a doubt!!(Proper pastrami sandwiches are on rye, and not on rolls)Best pastrami in the country. Maybe the world. endlessly consistent, amazing cream soda. 1000 reviews so I'm making this short. Add another 5 star to the list. #19 of course as a standby but hey, every single thing on the menu i've tried has been in the top 3 of whatever food item it was that i've ever had. was that an awkward sentence? Langers is stupendous.This place is one of the reasons I signed up for Yelp. It's that good.Before coming to Langer's, I had thought that The Hat had some pretty darn good pastrami, and that it does. However, Langer's is in a completely different league- hand sliced makes all the difference.I tried the #19 and their chili cheese fries. The #19 was definitely sandwich heaven- the thick cuts of pastrami were well complemented by the juicy cole slaw and the rich Russian dressing. $14 is a bit much for a sandwich, but in this case I believe it's justified. The chili cheese fries were good as well (not too heavy), though The Hat has better ones (more meaty chili).To top it all off, the service was fantastic. The waitress made my little cousin & I feel really welcome and made sure our food was brought out promptly. I loved the 60's-style interior ambience too!The pastrami and the corned beef sandwiches are to die for! The bread is real bakery bread not the pre sliced package crap. The quality of the meat is excellente.Only con the neighborhood is a little shady. But as I said the food is to die for...Huge fan of this place. Tried it out for the first time today, and Wow, blew my mind.  I've tried Canters, Art's, Philippe's, and now Langer's.  This is probably my top choice.Only one real thing to order: Pastrami and a side of fries.  Their Rye bread is homemade, twice baked to give the crust a crisp texture.  The pastrami is cut a little thicker than other places but is soo tender! No fiberous parts, no stringy pieces of fat, just juicy and piping hot!  Definitely a fan and will be coming back!It just sucks how dingy the surrounding has become, the bums and dirty streets take away from this amazing place.  Street parking, feed the meters!So, I really wanted to try this place after seeing it on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" on the Food Network and was really excited when I finally got the chance to go on a Saturday after 1 PM.I have to say, though this place has it's own lot, it gets full, and parking sucks (I like nice empty parking lots because I am Asian and I don't know how to park well for my life.  OH, and did I mention, I have a van?).  So, as luck would have it, when my friends and I got there, there was no parking.  We somehow got a parking spot on the street, but of course, it was a meter that you had to feed every hour.  So we get in line, which starts outside, so it really wasn't all that bad.  The person came out and asked us for the number in our party and we waited until we got seated, which was maybe about 20 or so minutes. We get our table, sit down, I look at the menu and before I know it, it is time to put money in the meter.  So, I walk 2 blocks back to the car and then get a call from my friend saying people are leaving and to try the lot since it would be free.  Okay, I hate driving in LA, even if it is for like 3 blocks, but I did it and you know what?  THE LOT WAS STILL FULL.  Yeah. I then try to go back to my old spot, which was taken.  Called my friends, annoyed, and continued looking for parking.  So I circled, and I circled, and I circle and found nothing.  Instead, I had this older Hispanic lady SPIT ON MY CAR because she THOUGHT I was not stopping.  If  I wasn't going to stop, YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN RUN OVER.  after about THIRTY MINUTES of driving, I tried the lot again, pushed in even though the guy said it was full and luckily someone came to leave.I went back to the restaurant REALLY annoyed.  My friend called me earlier to tell me they were going to order my food, so when I walked in, the food was sitting there.  They claimed it just got there,  but I think they just sat and waited for me to come coz my OTHER friend was like half way into her sandwich. I sat down and I swear, one bite of that pastrami sandwich and all was right with the world.  All my anger and stress melted away, like how that meat melted in my mouth.  It was super tender and delicious.  Not fatty or salty like the meat you get at the hat.  These were nice, thick, tender slices of meat.  I liked the kraut on the corned beef more than the slaw on the pastrami, so next time, pastrami with kraut on rye.  And yes, I would deal with the crappy parking to get that sandwich again because it was THAT delicious.The #19.......go get it. It's a thick sliced pastrami that would hold a torch up to an east coast pastrami sandwich....yeah, I said it. Katz's deli, I'm looking at you. This might be your west coast counterpart. The meat is thick but super tender, falls apart, the cheese and slaw are flavorful and are packed tightly between to soft pieces of rye bread. After eating at the counter, I strongly considered buying another #19 to go. I was full, but the sandwich was really that good.The deli has an old school diner vibe, with a counter running down the left side (a la the Cafe 101) and leather booths all around. Service was good overall, kind of a classic deli/diner experience.There is a parking lot down the street for Langer's which I found out about after eating there. I luckily found street parking during the lunch rush.What can I say that hasn't already been said...  Amazing pastrami sandwich.  I've never been a fan of rye or pastrami, but this place changed my mind with one bite.  The meat is thick cut, juicy, savory, sweet, oh so delicious.  The corned beef is good too, but the pastrami is the stuff of dreams.Can't go wrong with the #19 with fries.  You can even make the pilgrimage alone and grab a seat at the counter.  There are always interesting characters there to keep you entertained. The hours are tricky, the neighborhood, sketchy, and parking, impossible.  But it's worth the risk.  GO. EAT. LOVE.I never imagined a pastrami sandwich can melt in your mouth...but it's possible!I've been hearing Langer's buzz for years and I finally had the opportunity to visit and I completely understand what the buzz is about. I ordered the notorious #19 without any fries or any other sides and it was more than enough. I loved every bite more than the last...it was simply an amazing sandwich. Service was great and fast...the area as many have mentioned is a bit shady, I wasn't even done parallel parking and I was asked if I wanted to buy ID's. I forgot about the area and enjoyed pastrami heaven...as my 6 year old niece says: "Don't talk to me, I'm in heaven."I got the "famous" 19.  It was good but didn't live up to all the hype.  Parking sucks.  Long line but got seat in about 15 minutes.You have to pay at the cashier and their is a long wait because there was only one very slow credit card machine.  After waiting 8 minutes, I asked the cashier if i can just pay cash and I was out of there.   Paid 40 bucks for two sandwiches, one coke and tax and tip.  Tip for the business owners- offer cash only line for impatient people like me.A really good deli of all places, right next to MacArthur Park.  This place has the best pastrami sandwiches in LA.  Their specialty is having cole slaw on the pastrami sandwich.  This completes the sandwich in that the mild sweetness of the russian dressing and cole slaw goes perfectly with the seasoned pastrami.  The cole slaw isn't runny and watery so the bread stays nice and dry.  The rye bread has the soft inside with the extra crispy crust.  Definitely worth a mention, but if you have sensitive gums, the hard crust will definitely make them bleeders.Their parking lot is located one block east on 7th Street on the north side of the street.  Parking is free with validation.  If you would prefer to drive up and pick up your food, they do have curbside service as well.  So easy to get in and out and back to wherever you need to get going.Man, oh man does this place make a good pastrami sandwich...My first time was a couple of weeks ago and I tried their world renown #19 special. I forget what exactly was in it but it was incredible. Pastrami and some other craziness on rye bread. My girlfriend tried the French Dip, which was also delicious. Probably even more delicious than what I got (which always happens for some reason)...Overall, I don't think this place can do any wrong. Try it NOW!.The #19 is a pretty good sandwich. The thick-cut pastrami makes this sandwich pretty unique. The meat is tender and has a more subtle pastrami flavor than what you get at other places. It goes really well with their rye bread, but if you're not a fan (or if you just want to try something different), try the french roll. I like both breads. The cole slaw, in my opinion, needs a little bit of work. It's just okay, nothing spectacular, but definitely the weak link of the bunch.I'm not going to crown it as the best pastrami sandwich ever. I haven't had anything better, but it's missing that special quality that would bump it up to 5 stars. When I bite into it, I'm thinking, "Yum, this is a pretty good sandwich" instead of "OMGGG I CAN'T STOP EATING THIS THING" and that makes a world of a difference.Best Pastrami in LA. In fact, I've only had one better and it was in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, I can never remember which one I get but it's the one with the grilled bread, coleslaw and whatever the heck else on it. All I know is it's frickin' amazing and their big fat steak fries kick ass as well. Everything else I've had there is kinda gross...especially the cabbage soup which I'm pretty sure was water, ketchup, a single strip of cabbage and the fingernail clippings of a sad clown (I'm speaking metaphorically with the last one).  I could sit at their counter and watch the hunks of fresh pastrami pop out of a steam tray and get sliced before finding its new home: my big fat happy face! PS - they close early, the neighborhood is frightening but the old jewish man sititing in the booth next to you will kvetch hilariously as you triple-orgasm, back-flip and get indigestion all at once!I haven't had Pastrami since going to Carnegie Deli in NYC.  After five years, I figured maybe I was craving it again.  Langer's is in a pretty sketch part of town near MacArthur Park, I was warned not to go to that neighborhood at night.  In the daytime, I often venture our to that area for Pupusas and never had any problems.  They have their own parking lot a block down and validate parking if you are going to the restaurant, that's a big deal in LA!!! I went by myself and didn't have to wait a long time because there's single seating open at the counter.  The number 19, hit the spot!  As simple as the rye bread was, it was very tasty.  The combination of the juicy pastrami, swiss cheese, and coleslaw, yum!  Nothing like fresh, homemade bread on a sammie.  The fries was run of the mill and I could've done without it.  I had half the sandwich and was satiated.Pricey, but you get what you pay. Highly recommended.I love the atmosphere at Langer's a lot.  The service is great.  The pastrami is really good BUT not as good as Solley's in Sherman Oaks.  It's just not.  Also Solley's offers you the option of having half fries and half onion rings; thus simultaneously lowering your stress while increasing your cholesterol, which hopefully achieves balance.  Finally the cost of a sandwich is a bit high, kind of New York prices but that is a minor point,So I lived around the corner from this place in my younger days and never went. 20 years later I find myself standing in line waiting patiently for a seat to have of what I have been told by co-workers to be the most delicious pastrami sandwich ever.So I ordered the half pastrami on rye, plain. I did not want any contaminants to taint the flavor of the pastrami and a bowl of matzo ball soup. Oh and I could not help myself to order a side of cole slaw and pickles come with the meal. To make a long story longer here we go:. Pastrami was lean and cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth Rye bread was toasted just right, crunchy along the edges and soft in the middle. It accompanied this sandwich to absolute perfection!. Matzo ball soup broth was heated just right, had just enough salt and chicken flavor to satisfy a cold day like today. If anyone has tried to make a matzo ball you know how delicate it can be and this was as delicate as it was delicious!. Cole slaw normally sucks everywhere but this slaw was perfect. Just enough vinegar, salt and what I think is mayonnaise that had this slaw both light and tasty rather than thick and leaving a film in your mouth.. Pickle was perfect as well. It was crunchy, fresh and low in salt. You could actually get the best of both worlds, the freshness of cucumber with the goodness of the pickling process that makes a perfect pickle.I look forward to the next time!Delicious and expensive.  The cost kills it for me.    A good sandwich should not cost this much.Food: the popular #19 is what I ordered, it was pretty good but didn't blow me away..maybe I expected food from the gods based off of the reviews. It was good, but maybe not exactly my kind of sandwich, Pastrami with coleslaw on rye bread.Service: pretty good..filled waters frequently and always there when needed, except when I needed the check, that took awhile but I wasn't in a hurry.Overall: sure I'll say its a must try due to its history and the pastrami was nice. I would give it a 3.5 stars if I could, but I'll round up on stars mainly because I wouldn't mind trying them out again.#19. Done. I can die now.The pastrami sandwich here is heaven!! There is plenty of pastrami and coleslaw and cheese! The best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. It's huge too. The portion size could feed two!Got taken here for lunch on my birthday. Of course, I ordered the famous number 19. I  absolutely loved this sandwich. The Pastrami is so flavorful and basically melted in my mouth. Had a great, smokey flavor. The Rye bread was delicious with a crispy crust. I had a great time here and a great meal. Definitely the best sandwich of my life!  The wait was only 2 minutes, and all of the staff are very friendly and appear to be having fun while at work. I will be back here for sure!Langer's is a special oasis in the midst of a chaotic bustle.  Sitting just off of Downtown LA, a true landmark and a must stop for locals and visitors alike.  I have been coming here for over 10 years, and my first waitress Joan, is still there.I can't really say anything that hasn't been said before. This place is iconic. The best pastrami I've ever hadA historic locale in Los Angeles, Langer's deli and restaurant serves up the good stuff and has been for over 60 years.  With that kind of experience they must be good, right?   Absolutely!!!YES, they are located in a busy section of Los Angeles, YES, they are across from MacArther Park, YES, its not one of the most safest areas; but hey, good food doesn't find you, you find good food.  sometimes we need to trek into the jungle to taste the flavors of greatness.They offer a plethora of dishes from breakfast to lunch to dinner.  My favorite and a must try at least once is the #19 sandwich.  Its their famous pastrami with coleslaw and Russian dressing on toasted rye bread.  Compliment that with a side order of their crispy crinkle cut fries and you're good to go!!Bon AppetitOyyy TerrifffficccI love Deli's and Langers is so close I could just DIEEE.Seriously, great pastrami, corned beef, soup, omlettes, and everything that I love about a deli. The folks next to me at the counter, that is where I am, are always so fun. Everyone knows why they are there, and what the deal is. I love this place, its so out of place in the naighborhood, and that is so LA.This really is as good as it gets! Service - prompt and courteousAmbiance - Old School flavor, gotta love the ol' diners.  They cut and prepare all the food in view and just about everything is clean and ready to go.  Everyone is happily munching away on sandwiches or chatting while sipping coffee.Food - i had the much recommended number 19, excellent, pastrami cuts were thick and flavorful, almost liked sliced baked ham.  In there also was some sort of white mild cheese, russian dressing and the kicker, cole slaw.  *drool*  Split one of these if you can, because it's alot of food, add to it some decent fries and that my friend is a great meal.Price - about 14 bucks for amazing food and fast service.  That's pretty good, and that's including tax and tip.Would i go here again? - heck yes, and i'd bring my friends.I went here a few month's back with my boss who mentioned he had seen the place reviewed on the Food Network.  They are renowned for their pastrami and homemade rye bread, needless to say it met the mark.  Upon our arrival we had a bit of a wait, apparently old people start lunch at 11 am and eat and chat until around 2 pm.  While a bit frustrating the wait was good, it gave us ample time to review the multitude of sandwich configurations with pastrami, corned beef, roast beef, etc.  I had a corned beef with coleslaw, and my boss got the Rueben, we swapped halves and not a word was spoken during the 3 1/2 minutes we spent devouring our food.  Both the pastrami and corned beef came in thick slices, and the rye bread was delicious.  Very lean, very flavorful, and very filling.  Our productivity was lost that afternoon as all our energy was spent digesting.I would definitely recommend making the trek and struggling to find their parking lot, but do so during off hours.  Also, the sandwiches are fairly expensive, close to $14 a pop, you won't go hungry.I was in the area and stopped by for a "Number 19",  pastrami on rye with cole slaw and swiss cheese.O boy good!Weird location of town near Mc Arthur Park, but wonderful deli. Park one block east on 7th for free (Langers's parking lot). Go ahead and go to Langer's. Good experience.5 stars are for the absolute best pastrami but I am knocking .5 star because the rest of the food is not so good = 4.5 stars.As long as you stick to #19, you will get the ultimate pastrami experience- this is coming from a review that absolutely doesn't like pastrami until this place made me a believer.Pastrami is not dry but flavorful, the russian dressing adds the ideal amount of moisture and the bread is crusty but not too crusty. Not cheap but worth every buck.Be aware that the club sandwich is the size of an adult's face- enough for at least 2 adults.It is a deli so the atmosphere is not great but it is next to the Metro stop.A definate must try if you are in the area.My favorite deli.  There.If you don't want to drive here, which would require either street parking as you find it or else going to their lot a block away, take the Red Line to the Westlake/MacArthur Park station, and just cross the street to Langer's.It's a step back in time, as far as flavors and interior decoration are concerned.  Choose anything.  It'll be good.  But come hungry: portions are not for petite appetites.They close early (a response to the neighborhood's changing character since the 1940's) so don't plan in this for dinner.There is also a deli counter, as well as the restaurant, so you can order cuts of meat, kugels, and breads.My favorites: the barley-mushroom soup with giblets, the cold borscht, chopped liver sandwich, egg salad, and all with jello for afters.  I've wanted to try one of their gorgeous cake or pie slices but I've always been too full by then.#19, hands down, soooooo yummy! The thick, flavorful pastrami with coleslaw and rye bread, to die for! Parking free for 2 hours as wellI was thinking I would have to intentionally go to a restaurant that sucks soon, since my reviews have become impossibly cheery and the 4 and 5 star recommendations a bit ubiquitous. Never fear, Langer's Deli managed to disappoint at every turn, with lousy service, high prices, and bad food.I ate here yesterday with a friend, and ordered the #10, a pastrami on rye w/russian dressing.This place was supposed to be amazing, but it really wasn't.  The pastrami was tough and cooked too long, and had ample fat on the sides.....UGH.    The bread was good, I guess, but it's just bread.  It should be good.The dressing was uninspired and applied unevenly.  It wouldn't have mattered anyway.....the pastrami was so gross it could have been the best dressing in the world, and it wouldn't have saved this disaster of a meal.As an added bonus, this place doesn't take AMEX either, so I had to pay cash.  Oh well, I won't have to worry about coming here again.Next time I want decent pastrami, I will try the chain, the Hat, instead.Umm..let me join the rest of the bunch and say...WOW. Like..I was skeptical based on the fact that after we parked and walked out, we felt like we were in Tijuana and everyone just calls out and asks if you want a fake ID. Umm..no..I'm over 21 thank you and I don't really have the face of "ooo..i want an ID" Anyway..as we walked inside..it was an entirely new world. This place has been around for ages and lemme just say..it just feels like you are stepping back into time in which the most simplest places with the simplest homemade ingredients ruled over fast food. I got the number 1 and the friend got the 17 (the most popular). Just by paying for the food, looking at the restaurant set-up, and smelling the old wood just makes you feel that you are a part of something in those black in white movies..We took it to-go and let me just say..the pastrami makes you feel that every subway, togos or what-not chain sandwich store SUCKS. It was thick, tender, seasoned perfectly and you can just eat it on your own. The coleslaw makes the sandwich even better and it isn't overly caked with mayo, which makes me love it more! The rye bread gives it the herby feel and altogether..you bite into heaven. It was so nice to see that they vaccum seal the pickles in a package so it doesn't lose its moistness while you carry it out. This place definitely has some time in its recipes and tho it is a little out of the way in location..let me just say..it is worth it..you'll love it and i'm coming back for more.wtf, try to go to Langer's on the day after Thanksgiving, and it is CLOSED!For four days!!!This place is AMAZING.  One of my favorite LA restaurants and a staple.  Best pastrami sandwiches ever.  And you get a LOT of food, so my friend and I usually just split one sandwich and get some sides.I've been several times, and the sandwiches are really, probably the best sandwiches ever.  Very basic and simple, although there are a lot of choices, and they come packed full of meat.  I just stay with the pastrami variants though, because the pastrami is so tender and melts in your mouth.  Great rye bread too.For sides, we tend to get the knishes and latkes.  I really like the meat knishes with brown gravy.Usually service is good and friendly.  I don't recall any problems I've had with service.  If the food is slow, the waitress is apologetic and nice and sometimes gives us extra pickles, so I don't mind at all.There's a private validated lot a block away from the restaurant, which is good, 'cause street parking isn't very good there.OMG!! Yes thats all I can say. It was delicious. I had the #19 and OMG!! The pastrami tastes awesome and it feels like it melts in your mouth. Awesome goodness. Hate the neighborhood... but love the fact they have a parking lot just up the street and they validate.. Sandwich is orgasmic!"The hot pastrami sandwich served at Langer's Delicatessen in downtown Los Angeles is the finest hot pastrami sandwich in the world. "- Norah Ephron writing for the *NEW YORKER*nuff said.They have so many stars, I thought why not?  I will add my 2 cents worth for all that it matters.Read about Langers and the first time I had time to go it was on a Sunday.  Dreaded Sundays they are closed!  So don't go on Sunday.  This weekend we had time and we ventured there for lunch.It was everything and more from what we read.  The sandwich was amazing!  My stomach was able to finish 1/2 order of chili cheese fries and 1/2 sandwich split.  The #19 is what we got!  It is there most ordered sandwich.  Pastrami, rye, russian dressing, and coleslaw and don't forget the swiss cheese!  YUMMY!The bread was fresh.  I love how the soft part of the bread was so flavorful of rye.  The crust was a harder consistency and totally made for the texture of the sandwich.  The pastrami was fat free which seemed amazing to me.  It was perfection.The chili cheese fries were ordered simply to see how good they could be.  They are a good competition to some of the best chili cheese fries around.  Flavorful chili and the cheese was perfect quantity.They serve Coke.  I love when a restaurant serves Coke and not Pepsi (sorry Pepsi).  They also have Cream Soda.  Yummy too!  We loved our sandwich so much we bought a pound of pastrami and a loaf of bread to go with a pint of coleslaw.  I think I can swing the swiss cheese at the market.  Tomorrow means we have homemade Langers!  I am sure it will be delish just not as good as getting it there!You must go if you like pastrami!IF YOU LOVE PASTRAMI - GO TO LANGERS!My wife surprised me with this restaurant as a treat on our Anniversary. It was especially nice since she does not like pastrami, or almost anything else on the menu! The Pastrami was Melt-in-your-mouth DELICIOUS. I got the one on rye with coleslaw and russian... I still can't believe I ate the whole thing, and might have eaten another if the place hadn't been closing.Have to re-edit my 5 star from an earlier experience. Waiter seemed irritated he had to wait on us. Bread was not fresh. Disappointed because i took two of my friends back to share the experience. Definitely not as good as the first time.Probably the greatest pastrami sandwich I have ever eaten. Possibly the greatest sandwich ever. Flawless. Perfection. Culinary heaven! 'Nuff said!Not a fan of the rye bread, but the thick sliced pastrami is money! Hands down, the best pastrami I have ever eaten! It's a bit pricey at $15, so it's a definite monthly lunch splurge. Location is in a not so pretty area of MacArthur Park. Good thing this places closes at 4pm on the daily.Just thinking on their perfect pastrami (the number 19) makes my eyes roll into the back of my head and a dribble of saliva start down my chin. Seizure-inducingly good.Sure, you can complain about the price...the hours...the sketchy neighborhood...but after first bite, all injustices are forgiven.The rye is....fantastic. I don't even like rye! In fact, I HATE rye. But I could munch on this all day. They top each sandwich with cole slaw and Russian dressing, an added treat. Perhaps this would bother some pastrami purists but I'm all about it.And the meat. Ohhhhh, the meat. There aren't enough flowery adjectives to describe the perfect balance of fatty goodness and thick, thick meatiness. Bliss between two slices of bread.Don't forget to ask for the meat "hand cut".Whatever you do, do not be fooled by the exterior and surrounding neighborhood of Langer's. Yes, I was asked if I wanted a fake ID while walking to the Langer's but honestly the sandwiches here are worth it. Service is AWESOME. The servers are always hospitable and are so friendly! Service here alone merits 4 stars.The food here is so awesome. Two of my favorites are the Pastrami with Coleslaw (Obviously) and the corned beef with sauerkraut. #19(the coleslaw) I get when I want the balance between savory pastrami mixed with the fresh coleslaw. You can never go wrong with this and the rye bread here is AMAZING!When I want a healthy portion of meat, and nothing but meat, I get the Corned Beef with Sauerkraut. This is probably very underrated, but honestly this sandwich is for the meat lovers out there. The cheese melts so perfectly with the sauerkraut and the tangy concoction is a great compliment to the beef. Yummmmm.This was my first time here, and I have two words for you: NUMBER NINETEEN.Do it. You will thank me (and the rest of us) later.FYI - Langer's is in a very, shall we say, eccentric part of LA, so don't be turned off. Parking is a bit of a mess but you can usually find metered street parking a block away. For me, it was worth it after my taste buds united with the tender, hand cut pastrami.It was beautiful.Sadly, I hate the thought of giving this historic place such a low review.  I would have given it 4-stars based on the food, but since I was there with a group of 10 other foodie friends of mine, we were charged an automatic 20% gratuity on top of our bill.  Now, I'm used to most restaurants charging only 18% automatically for groups, but I would not have been bothered by this if it weren't for the fact that we got sub par service from our young waiter, who seemed to enjoy pouting whenever I asked him for something, and we weren't all that demanding for a large group!  Secondly, he came by once to ask us if we were ready to order, we said a few more minutes.  Little did we know, those few minutes became 15!  And we had to ask other wait staff twice that we're ready to order and to send our waiter over.The sandwiches looked amazing and chock full of juicy meat.  I asked for my #19 (hot pastrami with cole slaw and Russian (aka Thousand Island) dressing) on rye bread toasted, and the waiter repeated my request for it toasted.  So, I was disappointed when I got my sandwich not toasted, yet other members of my group got their sandwiches exactly as they ordered.  So, I sent it back, telling the waiter I had ordered the bread toasted, and he looked at me as if I never said such a thing and said, "You did?"  When I got my sandwich, it was good, not excellent.  Sadly, I must say that Nate N Al's makes the best pastrami sandwich in town....I thing the addition of the Russian dressing was overkill as I found the combination of pastrami and cole slaw to be just fine.I had also ordered the matzo ball soup, and wasn't wowed by it at all.  Granted, it was the most inexpensive bowl I've paid in a deli such as Jerry's Famous Deli, Brent's and even Canter's, but the chicken stock was too salty, though the tennis ball sized matzo ball was light, tasty and well cooked.So, for my first visit ever to Langer's, it became an OK experience.  Perhaps it was hampered because I had been expecting it to be better after hearing so many good things about their pastrami sandwiches and such.  Also, since I was the host of my group and having to deal with the wait staff, it probably made me more critical of the service than what my friends may have posted...Langers does have a small parking lot that's a block east of the restaurant.  Please be aware that they validate parking, but you only get 90 minutes free, and if you go over time, it's $5.00 per 20 minutes thereafter!  By the way, the only reason how a group my size was able to get seated quickly was that for a large group like ours, they were willing to take advanced reservations.The BEST Pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles! Treat yourself.Who cares how they serve them in NYC? I don't!What can I say... Langers is the best pastrami in LA. Forget Canter's or the the hat or johnny's. Thick slices of juicy pastrami on rye hits the spot every time. Number 19 please, the Russian dressing is sweet while the pastrami adds the little bit of salt.Mention this place and I am there. I have looked all over LA to find pastrami joints and this place can't be eat. Servers here are quick and friendly and work hard for the tips.Be prepared to wait in line on Saturday's, work days aren't as busy, but trust me this place gets a lot of clientele.Park at the lot a half block down and you get validated for free, it is a small parking lot, so if it's ful just find one of the small surrounding streets to park on. Just check the hours on the signs though as parking police are always looking for you to slip.YUMMY!  The boyfriend and I shared a #3: corned beef, swiss and sauerkraut.  It was very tasty.  Big sandwich.  Only complaint is that it was around $15 and didn't come with fries or anything, just a pickle.  So, in short, since there are so many reviews on here:delicious but expensive.So, I have been on this quest for good hot pastrami, and I'm not talking about that salty shaved crap you get at places like Tommy Pastrami. I mean real beef, cured and smoked to perfection, and sliced by hand with a knife, and piled onto some bread. I'd only had the good stuff in three cities, but now I can add one more.Langer's really delivers on the pastrami. Hand cut, moist, flavorful, and unbelievably tender. I had the #19, pastrami topped with swiss cheese, Russian dressing, and cole slaw. The flavors practically dance across your tongue. Honestly, if you can't appreciate the pastrami here, it's your fault, not the pastrami's. Seriously, you are a Philistine and deserve the loaf of sodium that passes for pastrami in most places.To be sure, Langer's isn't the fanciest place around. It's like taking a leap into the 60s (or earlier). But most of the time, the best food is found in this kind of place. A place that doesn't shine quite like it used to, but proudly does what it does best.The only let down was the chili cheese fries.  Chili should be spicy, shouldn't it? Or at least zesty, adding a little zing to your taste buds.  But not this chili. This could have been matzo ball soup with extra schmaltz, and that probably would have brought more flavor to the party. But the trip here was worth it for the sandwich alone. Be warned, though. Langer's is right next to MacArthur Park, and the neighborhood is, let's say, colorful. Try to come in broad daylight.I have been to Langer's a few times, and only tried the Famous #19.  This is hands down the best Pastrami sandwich I have ever had.  The meat is tender and succulent, with a mix of smoked spices and a hint of sweetness.  The rye is soft and doughy with a crunch crust, and the cole slaw, Swiss and Russian dressing balance the sandwich perfectly.  My wife isn't even a big pastrami fan, and she loved it too and raves about it to our family and friends from out of town.  Parking isn't great, but eating there ensures fresh, hot food.  Curbside pickup is nice but if you're like me and can't wait to eat at home (we live in Claremont, and depending on traffic could mean a long time til we get there), it means you'll have to feast while driving.  Hosts and servers have always been great, and the restaurant brings a feeling of Los Angeles history.This is the real deal, lives up to any hype you've heard.  A perfect pastrami sandwich, I prefer the #10 (swiss and russian dressing, no slaw).  It's big but it's not *that* big but it's good enough where I'd recommend everyone get their own sandwich rather than sharing.Unlike some of the popular NYC delis where the rye bread can be small in size but there is like 5" of pastrami stacked between, Langers has a good size bread and the ratio of pastrami to bread is perfect.  There is nothing grotesque about a Langers pastrami.  The bread is even phenomenal, the rye has a very crunch crust which balances the softness of the bread and the pastrami is of course super tender.  The russian dressing is what takes this over the top, just fantastic, better than the traditional mustard spread but you can add mustard if you like.free parking at the 7th/westlake lot on north east side (with validation)pricey for a sandwichmeal... we got 2 pastramis, 2 sides (macaroni and potato) and 2 sodas for $50 incl tipExcellent....Johnnies has always been my favorite for pastrami. Not anymore, had the #19. There's no comparison between the two. Johnnies is good but Langers is In class above.It's more expensive, harder to get to and in a lousy neighborhood but for food this good who cares. I'm going to be back.... Soon!This is the best pastrami sandwich I have ever had.  The meat is richer and fattier at Katz's in NYC.  Other places like Fatted Calf in SF offer a more sophisticated version with fancier bread, house made fancy mustard, and other fixings.  For some reason I just love this pastrami better than all the rest of them.The meat has great flavor with enough richness to keep the meat moist, but not so rich that it becomes overwhelming.  The bread isn't super fancy, but it is the perfect toasted rye bread for the sandwich.  The slaw is fresh and provides a perfect acidic balance to the sandwich.  I am so glad this sandwich is located where it is, otherwise I would eat here every week.#19. Enough said.It is legendary and it IS, indeed, legendary. The pastrami is perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the cole slaw- combined with the rye bread- makes the sandwich the most PERFECT pastrami sandwich I've ever tasted in my entire life. It's that good.The only problem I had with the sandwich was the rye bread's crest- I'm not very good with breads having hard crusts, so I merely asked the waitress to remove the crust from my bread, and my wish was granted. Perfect servitude and dining experience.Parking is about a block away from the restaurant and is owned by Langer's. Make sure you get your parking ticket validated on the way back!If anyone were to ask about which place has the BEST pastrami, no doubt the answer would be Langer's!My family have been eating here for years & we always go back for more! Food & service are top-notch. I would always tell my gf about Langer's & I so finally had the opportunity to take her for lunch. I ordered my usual #19 - Pastrami & cole slaw w/ Russian dressing on rye, while she ordered the #44 - Pastrami w/ sauerkraut & nippy cheese on rye.  After taking the first bite & seeing her facial expression, I already knew what she was thinking... "WOW."Such great flavor combinations: #19 - pastrami with creamy & crunchy slaw,  #44 - acidity of the sauerkraut mixed well with the pastrami & melted cheese. Plus the crunch of the rye bread only enhances both flavor & texture as well. If you live in or near LA & have not eaten here, you do not know what you are missing out on! The best of the best, right on your doorstep!!!(Just keep in mind that Langer's closes @4pm)Langer's, I don't know how to feel about you.  Your food is obviously delicious but your prices are a bit outrageous.  15-20 bucks for a deli sandwich is a bit steep but you make it worth it. *sigh* I'm torn.Pastrami = 5 stars!Just didn't live up to the rest...I think we had already eaten three meals that day, but everyone said to try Langer's and I love a good deli!  Our plan was for a quick carry-out (curb side service) before we got back on the 405.  Ordered the famous #19 and a large matzo ball soup.  First, we couldn't figure out where the curb service was located; parked in front of door and just went in after waiting a few minutes.  The staff is friendly, but there's some disconnect in the ordering process.  For example - the bowl of soup is ~$5, and the pastrami ~$15 on the menu, so expected a total around $20.  I guess tax is 30% since our total came to be over $26.THE GOOD:This is some of the best pastrami I've ever had!  Delicious and cut-thick, it is worthy of a great sandwich.THE REST:So, the service was already (nice but) confusing.  There's no Kreplach?  I think I really threw them for a loop with that one, but then again, I didn't get the matzo I ordered either!!  I got watered down chicken noodle soup with no veggies or chicken.  Any New York deli gives you a Ball jar, a good one gives you good soup!The sandwich was light on meat and cheese: most delis that charge premium prices serve a pile (read minimum of 3 inches) of meat.  Second, the bread was a soft, seeded rye - definitely not a crunchy Jewish rye deserving of such fine pastrami.  This was the kind I can buy at Kroger.  To finish it off, a vacuum sealed pickle?  Seriously??   A good deli serves fresh pickles (who cares if they drip!).  New or old doesn't matter, just don't give me some scary pre-wrapped, preservative soaked cuke.  The bag of condiments, crackers, and wipes is a nice touch, but too many of the basics were horribly wrong.If I had time to eat in, perhaps it would have been a different experience, yet I am left wondering why so many classic deli elements were missing at what seems to be such a classic place?Was invited to eat with a friend today.  When I got there I ordered the simple pastrami with cheese & cole slaw on rye toasted bread. Must say that it was yummmers with decent servings. Meat was cooked good and not too greasy. On top of that service was fast ! Well go back for more. Dont remember what number I got. I have to say that its pricey but goodpaid 18 bucks with tax tip !When you walk into the dinner, there's an appealing picture of their famous #19 sandwich. I didn't read any reviews of the restaurant prior to going but that picture reeled me in. The pastrami itself wasn't the best pastrami I have ever had in my entire life. I think it depends on the piece of pastrami you actually get. My sandwich was pretty tasty nonetheless. The coleslaw and the Russian style dressing topped the sandwich off for me. I ate 2/3 of the sandwich and saved the rest for later. The sandwich costs about $14 bucks. Our party also got some chili cheese fries. The fries were actually pretty good as well. It costs about $6. One of the waitresses also walked around with a chocolate covered cake and told everyone to save some room for dessert. If the price of the cake wasn't so high, I probably would have bought a slice. The waiting time was about 15 minutes around lunch time. The restaurant is near a whole bunch of vendors. On our way to the restaurant, we got stopped by some dude with a baseball cap and asked if we wanted some fake IDs. Too bad I am already 23 y/o man! haha. I am giving this place 4 stars because the food is pretty good (not spectacular) BUT the prices are kinda high. We ended up each paying $20 bucks for just a sandwich and fries which IMO in pretty pricey. Also, my standard for pastrami sandwiches are pretty high after eating at Katz in NY.This place is hands down the best place for deli style pastrami.My usual go to place for pastrami is Oinkster in Eagle Rock or Top's Burger. I think the Hat is crap. The pastrami at Langer's is much leaner and basically deli style on crispy rye bread. The #19 is amazing and their coffee is fantastic.The scene is like a classic deli. Kinda like the Filipe's of pastrami. Nothing fancy, straight forward deli cuts, no cheap ~$15 per sandwich, but totally worth it. This isn't the place for the hipster scene and microbrew scene...just good deli eatin'.Best pastrami sandwich in town!  Once you've head Langer's pastrami, you will be a pastrami snob! Other menus are also delicious but I always default to the pastrami on rye with coleslaw!  The matzo ball soup and cheese blintzes are also delicious!Their prices have gone up, but still worth it!Come hereOrder #19feelsgoodman.jpgGlad to see this place has so many well-deserved 5-star reviews! I just want to make sure to highlight the AMAZING APPLE PIE. Stop where you are right now, go to Langer's for lunch and for desert, order the Apple Pie a la mode, with the special warm brandy sauce. The pastrami is absolutely amazing (like everything else I've ever had on the menu), but you absolutely must try the warm apple pie too.Service can be a little on the slow side, but that's really the only gripe I have.I had the pastrami and oh boy - amazing meat. My friend got the brisket and oh boy - amazing meat! Really, it was all tender and delicious. Generous portions, but not laughably so. Way better than Canters! Smoked salmon was also ridiculously good.I have been trying to figure out which was the better pastrami sandwich for a while now, Langer's or Greenblatt's. After giving Langer's another try over their 65th anniversary weekend I have come to the conclusion that Langer's is a peg below Greenblatt's. I thought that they were dead equal until recently, but I realize now that Greenblatt's takes the cake.Langer's has truly magnificent bread with an impossibly crunchy crust, and a sweeter slaw with their zesty Russian dressing, and the pastrami is thick cut by hand, but something is wrong at Langer's. First of all, the sides all seem to suck. The french fries are completely half-assed, in fact, it seems like pretty much everything that isn't a #19 is basically half-assed. So why bother even serving anything else?Whereas Greenblatt's may have a few "not quite perfect" dishes, they are full service deli. Greenblatt's is also open 'til 2 am, not 4 pm. What the hell is with those hours?Furthermore, what is with the price of the sandwich? $17, huh? I know that isn't paying for rent next to MacArthur park, and I know it doesn't cost that much to produce a decent pastrami (Tommy's in San Francisco produces better pastrami for $6 a sandwich). Greenblatt's charges $15 and they're on the Sunset strip.I don't get it.On top of all that, the pastrami is actually pretty dry I realized. Great pastrami is almost dripping with juice, and is soft, and hopelessly tender with undercurrents of spices soaked into it. Langer's is somewhat chewy, and oddly dry, at least too much for great pastrami.But Langer's is playing in the major leagues, this is still the second best pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles. Unfortunately, I don't find there to be any real reason to ever go there.I still haven't exactly figured out how to review all the places I go to... but don't eat what they're "known for" because of my affair with veganism/vegetarianism. Oh well!FOOD*The menu is pretty limited for vegetarians, and EXTREMELY limited for vegans. Vegetarians can rely on the extensive breakfast menu (eggs, omelets, pancakes, etc) and a few salads or a veggie sandwich, but this is prettttty much a place for pastrami. Or brisket. Or pastrami.*The first time I went, it was a Monday so I lucked out with a vegetable soup. Lots of veggies, warm, hearty, hit the spot. Also got a side green salad which was decently sized with olives, tomatoes, etc.*Second time, vegetable soup wasn't available so I ended up getting some breakfast (pancakes!) which I had been craving, but weren't anything to write home about. They were pancakes.*Based on the 6 other people who ordered #19s... the #19 is GREAT. It's a similar thickness/seasoning to the famous Katz pastrami in NY, but the sandwich is a lot less overwhelming and not quite as monstrous in size. It also comes with yummy coleslaw to balance out the meal --- not to mention, a YUMMY pickle.*If you're a fan of cream soda, the other folks would heartily recommend it--plus, free refills!*Fries are GREAT. Warm, crinkle-cut, yum. Not a huge serving, but enough for 2, definitely.SERVICE was swell. The first time we came, I loved our server. She was super sweet, helpful, answered all our questions, and just made us feel at home. Our second server wasn't necessarily bad or not lovely, but just didn't exude warmth as much. -shrug- She did, however, warn us that she thought we were ordering too much food, which was considerate.LOGISTICS*Park on 7th & Westlake in the Langer's parking lot. They validate for up to 90 minutes, which can be just enough time despite the long wait. The attendants are friendly and even if it says "LOT FULL," double-triple check because sometimes there are still open spots and it's worth asking.*They close at 4pm. *No reservations. Come prepared to wait in line. The first time I came (NYE during prime lunch time), our party of 4 waited abouuuuut 30 minutes. The second time I came (on a Saturday, late lunch, nice weather out) our party of 6 waited maybe 15 minutes--wahoo!*There are a couple of huge heaters to accompany you as you wait in line, but the line is outdoors.Will probably end up there again as one of our "when people come to LA" spots, but I wouldn't recommend it for a group of more than one vegetarian/vegans... just not enough to satisfy!Langer's was just okay and definitely doesn't live up to its hype. Which is unfortunate for how much i love meat. The pastrami was decent as was the cole slaw, but I've honestly had better at TOGOs...that's saying something in my opinion. It's up there in LA, but do not compare this place/rank it above places on the east coast because it's not quite there. I would go here again if I happened to be in the area, but won't go out of my way to visit because of the prices. I'd give this place a try though if you love pastrami because everyone has a different pastrami palette hahaha.This was a good spot. I don't think it's the best pastrami in LA but it is good. Maybe a lil expensive considering some of the places that are better are also cheaper.Great pastrami sandwich as advertised.  Tourist prices.  This thing was $5 too expensive and didn't come with everything.  I might still be tempted to return to treat myself once in a while but the price is truly exorbitant.Had the #19, I'm from sd, was in town for the laker/rockets game, n I would totally come back again for this sandwich.  REALLY tasty pastrami, a lil steep on the pricing tho. $15 for just the sandwichOne of the best Pastrami sandwiches I've had so far, tender and moist. Didn't need extra russian dressing like I usually order with it.Great sandwhiches 4 stars on taste and quality. But only 3 stars on location and price. Sorry but its just a sandwhich.... Ive been making them myself for years and although langers has a pretty good one, its not worth the drive or price. $15 for a sandwhich? I can buy 2 pounds of pastrami and materials and feed a family. Plus it smells horrible when you walk outside. It would be 3 stars but i rate on the taste and quality of food. 4 stars it is. If i come back its because i have lots of money to spend and im in the area, other wise im going to the deli near my house. I mean comon anyone can make a sandwich. Nothing is really crafted here. Just there pastramis pretty good. Nothing to die for. All these reviews are over rated.i know this review isn't going to make much of a difference but langers is really overrated. it's funny that people bag so much on jerry's deli, but at the end of the day they really are both sides of the same coin. jerry's is never as bad as i think it will be and langers never is really as good as i thought i remembered it. maybe the best pastrami in town is at a place like the hat. go figure...Just had the best pastrami ever. High quality, thick tender slices, lean, and full of flavor. Will definitely come back. The chili cheese fries were great too. Wow!#19!!!  Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  Yes, it's expensive but definitely worth the experience.  The staff is super friendly and refilled me drink several times.  Parking is not a problem since they have a parking lot down the street.  I'm going to try the #44 next time I go.I've hit the big names in the U.S.: Katz's, Cantor's, and Langer's.Langer's is the winner.  Their pastrami with french dressing and slaw is worth it's weight in gold.  The service is great, they refill your coffee almost faster than you can drink it, and the ambiance is pretty choice (hope you like wood panelling).  It's the Godzilla of Jewish delicatessens.My dad took me to Langers when I was a wee lad. The neighborhood was good then. Its bad now, Anyway I LOVE this place. I usually order the pasatrami and chopped liver sandwich on rye.I really enjoy their meat knishes. I think the meat has everything in it but the kitchen sink.A couple of weeks ago, I finally succumbed to the mental pressure that Yelp and others had put on me. I finally went to Langer's. To sum it up, it was just okay. This is not the best pastrami in the world. It is very tender. It is very moist, but the flavor is lacking. If you read my reviews you know that I judge a deli not by its pastrami but by its corned beef. The reasoning is very simple. Corned beef has to be of a higher quality than the beef used in pastrami. In fact, any number of cuts can be used for pastrami. It is basically a pickling of the beef with spices. The corned beef is a higher cut of beef. The pastrami at Langer's is bland, almost tasting at times like a hot dog.The bread is very good. Crunchy crust, moist chewy center. I would like to return some day and try the corned beef. If warranted, I would raise the stars, but for now, three is as high as I can give them.As everyone has already said, Get the #19 eat, smile, enjoy, love.This is the best pastrami sandwich I've ever eaten.  I have to give Billy's in Glendale a prop as well.  They were my number one until I went to Langers.THE BEST PASTRAMI IN THE WORLD!!!man if you guys thought that piece of trash across from noodle world is good, you got to try this place, sure there alot of mexicans trying to sell you fake I.D.s and Driver License.but once you step in there is non of that L.A. bullcrap up in there.I tried the Pastrami Dip, its was Orgasmic. at 14 bucks a combo i wanted to order another plate, but my wallet was telling me no. the pastrami meat is cut into huge chunks, and the owju what ever you call it is so savory.its SO DAMN GOODI would say one of the great pastrami I've ever had.  The portions are good but slightly on the pricey side.  Their soup is also awesome.  Definitely one of those places that you cannot forget.  Definitely worth it.-AlfredBetter than the best NY pastrami. I went to Langer's about 6 months ago, right before I moved to NYC. I thought NYC would have something better, being the deli capital of the world. I first went to the famous Katz Deli. I can't complain, but I can't say that it was anything of the ordinary. And those huge meat portions in the sandwich....are they insecure about the quality of their food?Then I tried David's Brisket House in Brooklyn, a place agreed upon by several reviewers at Chowhound.com as being the best pastrami in NY. I made the trek and liked the sandwich....but it was still no Langer's.The Langer's pastrami is simply greater than the sum of it's parts. I can still taste that salty meat/sweet coleslaw mix, mixing with fresh baked rye with the crispy edges.Can't wait to go back.Overall: OK, the food is bomb. However, it comes with a heft price. I paid $20 for pastrami and French fries. Granted I was full and they gave me a lot of fries, which i did not eat. But the price kind of hurt.Quality of food: Delicious. The pastrami is kosher and nice and fresh. nice touch of mustard. Customer service: The place was rocking. However, I did get my food in no time. They directed me over to a side cashier. A man who looked like he ran the place, took my order. He was very friendly and helpful. I def will stop by again!MJ's Star : 3.5Price : No.19 Pastrami Sandwich $13.45 (except tax & tip)I have to admit, I was somewhat expecting to be disappointed due to my ultra high expectations, but the Langer's pastrami sandwich def lives up to its reputation. WOW!Would recommend you get the #19 at least on your first visit. The pastrami is super moist and flavorful; the rye is warm, soft, with a crispy crust; the cole slaw adds texture and flavor; and the russian dressing brings the whole thing together. Went back a week later and tried the corned beef, which was still good, but pastrami is def the way to go. Chili cheese fries are also good if you're a fan (like me).Didn't have to wait for a table altho the place was pretty full, plus free parking in a lot about 1/2 block away. More like 4.5 stars for me, but being a bit stingy & conservative on the *perfect* 5 star rating.I don't think there is much more I can say about the #19 that hasn't been said better by others.  It's great, try it.  I think next time I will get the #10, which is the same as #19 but without the cole slaw.  The cole slaw overpowers the sandwich a little.Anyway, what I will talk about is the great organization for the lunchtime rush.  When we arrived there was a roped off area with a woman taking names.  We almost left because we didn't have time to wait 30 minutes just to be seated.  However, the woman told us the wait would be about 10 minutes, and she was right!  I will return!Best. Pastrami. Ever. Potato pancakes were damn good too - lots of shredded onion.  Mazto balls were great (floaters).  We sat at the counter from which we could see the kitchen line.  Usually, the less I see of the behind the scenes in a restaurant the better.  Not this place.  Fantastic to watch the speedy carving skills as they slice down side after side of pastrami. People who say the neighborhood is sketchy need to get out more and see the world.  This is a vibrant neighborhood that felt perfectly safe to me.  I was there during the day time.  Cannot speak for the evening.MY GOODNESS FOLKS!!!! GET A GRIP!!!! First let me get this out of the way. Langers is one of the better (not best) pastrami's in the south land. Yes it is good.BUT, and thats a big BUT, the prices here are WAYYYYYYY out of line when it comes to the quantity of pastrami that comes in your sandwichandthere is no customer friendly parkingandyou are entering probably the highest crime rate area of Los Angeles.Some folks call it "Westlake?" People this is Rampart.Very questionable as to if it is worth the trip.For that reason alone, think twice before taking your family there.Well it's all about the pastrami and corned beef and you can't go wrong either way.Yes, the neighborhood feels like your car may be gone when you're done, yes, the hours are strange and yes, $14.00 for a sandwich is a bit steep... but after you're done devouring the juicy tender pastrami you forget about all those things and just think, "man, that's the best pastrami i've ever had"  My brother and I took down a pastrami with swiss and russian dressing and a reuben and enjoyed every tender bite.  Most pastrami has some chew but this has the tenderness and fall-apart quality of well-cooked corned beef.  Absolutely delicious. A bit pricey but worth an occasional splurge for maybe the best pastrami in the West.The pastrami here is AWESOME. But I have to stay that the bread here is the real star. BEST BREAD EVERRR. Its crust is crunchy but the inside is so soft, it's incredible. They double bake it (they get it partly baked from a bakery, and they finish it). The number 19 is the one to get. I've only ever had the NICEST servers, my favorite is the older English woman. She's a sweet heart. I've had pastrami in NY and this is way better. I'm giving 4 stars cuz it's a little pricey (but definitely less than an equivalent New York deli) and for their hours (they're only open for breakfast and lunch).[come here for pastrami, Canter's for potato salad, corned beef and late nights]Yes, the pastrami is great, yes, the service is great, yes, Langers is probably one of the best pastrami places in Los Angeles, better then Canters for sureBut, to me, its too expensive, and after havng tasted new york pastrami, the best pastrami IN THE WORLD, it just doesn't compare.Truthfully, its over hyped, and the pickles suck.I tried this place because of its reputation.  There is a parking lot a block away on 7th and Westlake (the northside) where they give you 1 hour free parking. This solves the parking headache.I ordered #19 based on the reviews below and the recommendation from the waitress.  Initially, I was skeptical because I am not a fan of coleslaw.  Once I took a bite, I was sold.  The sandwich was great.  I also ordered cream soda (refillable) which was the perfect touch.The only negative is the price.  The sandwich ran about $15 and the drink was $3.  Pretty pricey, but place your should try at least once when you are in LA.BEST. PASTRAMI. EVER.Their specialty combo is the #19 but their french dipped pastrami sandwich is just as good, or even better. Everything about this sandwich had me drooling for more. They even give you an extra side of french dip for this order so you can dip all you want. The pastrami was hot, fresh, thick-cut (not stringy), and juicy. They also have the best pickles I've ever eaten. Very satisfying :-) Service was great as well.THE BEST Pastrami I have ever eaten in Los Angeles!  After going to Langers, you'll never want to eat at The Hat (unless you want chili cheese fries).  Try it and you won't be disappointed.  #19 is what they recommend but trust me, you can't go wrong.  Even though it's a 10-15 minute drive from work, we make an effort to come here every now and then for lunch.Without over dramatizing, this is the best deli in the United States!  I'm bi-coastal and can tell you from comparing to hundreds of deli's in New York, Los Angeles, and points in-between that there are none better!The Pastrami, the matzo ball soup, the chopped liver, the thick sandwiches, and on and on!Just visiting LA from NorCal.  I see why Langer's has the parking lot.  It is a bit of a culture shock after driving from Santa Monica.  Sat down and ordered the #19 (they have a plastic prompt at every time table for this!!).It was good, but I was looking for more meat, like what I got at Carnegie Deli in NYC.  The rye had a nice crunchy crust.  The price is about the same for a good NY pastrami.  I am going back to NYC this summer and will sample more pastrami houses this summer.  Check back for my reviews.Langer's for the Pastrami, Brent's for everything else, Solley's if you want to feel grossly ripped off and disappointed.I would almost take a star down for the crappy area (no I don't want to buy a fake ID), and parking a block away. But the pastrami is just too perfect. It's worth a visit to the sketchy area, even if it does close early (for safety?) and doesn't open Sundays.I was treated to a lunch of Langer's as reward for schlepping a desk from Pasadena to Palms.  Pretty straight deal, IMO.  The corned beef is exquisite, but I am not sure that the sandwich is worth $14.  Although it may be the best I have ever had, so I am still on the fence.  The service is shitty here.  Like you had better be ready to beg for water/coffee refills.  And also be ready to repeat your begging.  I've been to truckstops that have better service.Bring a thick wallet and some patience to get the best pastrami/corned beef in town.Ordered #19 and I wasn't disappointed.  I wouldn't say I was blown away with the sandwich but it was great nonetheless.  It was a bit pricey for a sandwich but it made up for it by its large portion.  I would return again but I'm not sure I would order #19 again, not because I didn't enjoy the sandwich, but because their menu was HUGE and I'd love to try other sandwiches available.The one thing that I didn't like was the location.  The parking was a bit problematic and the area around the restaurant was extremely dirty.There is a reason there is a line outside the door at 1pm on a Friday. The atmosphere is odd, but the food is beyond anything you might ever expect.You think, how great can a deli REALLY be? Let me tell you that you have not eaten pastrami until you have had Langer's #19. Pastrami, russian dressing, swiss, and slaw on warm rye bread. Maybe they lace it with orgasm inducing serum, I don't know, I've never been so pumped about a sandwich in my life.Then, if you have the appetite for it I also HIGHLY recommend the apple pie with brandy sauce and ice cream... Oh my...#19 was pretty dam good... the pastrami was super tender and not too salty. The rye bread makes the sandwich... explosion of flavor!the price was a bit high($15 for sandwich only)...but I would def go againWent to Langer's for the first time the other day (visiting LA). No line, no wait, got a booth no problem.Went with the #19 because I like being told what to order.Pastrami was solid. Rye was very tasty...some of the better rye I've had. It just suited me I guess.Although pastrami was really good, can't say it was better than (for instance) Katz's NYC,,,but still, it was very delicious and I would totally go back here.Came here around 11 AM on a Friday morning and already knew that I wanted to try the #19 (sliced hot pastrami, Swiss cheese, coleslaw, and Russian dressing on rye) with toasted bread. Service is amazing, very friendly and courteous. Plus the great thing was that it wasn't crowded at all; there were plenty of booths available and counter seats open. My sandwich arrived and I could already feel myself salivating. The pastrami, which is thickly sliced was warm and moist with just enough fat to give it a juicy chew. The salty seasoning of the pastrami, mixed with the crunchy sweetness of the slaw and Russian dressing, along with the Swiss cheese made for an amazing combination. The side of pickles that came with the sandwich was perfect for adding a necessary tartness to cut the fat of the meat and sweetness of the slaw. I asked for the bread toasted because I knew that I was going to be taking the other half to go and wanted to prevent the bread from becoming too soggy. I gobbled up the first half and couldn't wait to get into the other half later on that day. For a medium sized sandwich, it's a little pricey at around $15 bucks. But the sandwich is definitely made of fresh, quality ingredients. I'm glad that I tried it and think it's definitely worth visiting if you're in the mood for well made, fresh pastrami. There's a Langer's parking lot available and also street parking around the block, but be careful because the signs where I parked stated that there's street sweeping starting at 12:00 PM on Fridays. I got out of there around 11:30 and my car was safe and sound.Went here the other day with gf and family.Holy jeez.  Enormous amounts of food.  Amazing pastrami.  Very casual feeling... I would never go there to eat alone, as it's too crazy, but with a group, it's perfect.The neighborhood around it feels pretty grimy... but it's worth it.  Not a first date place, but hey.  The food's TDF.With out a doubt the BEST deli I've ever ever been too. Fresh and very generous portions. When in LA I'll make my rounds and pick up food to god from Johnny's Pastrami in Culver City for me and my parents back home. They are a good back up because they are easy to get to relative to Langer's. Langer's has long lines and parking can be an art form, but it's just soooo goooood!I have been to every respectable deli in the Greater LA area (Nate n Al's, Canter's, Factor's, Brent's etc).    Langer's #19, matza ball soup, fries, pickle lunch can not be beat.  It hands down is the best place for GREAT Pastrami.  The pastrami is cut thick and the top of Cole slaw, swiss cheese,russian dressing, and spicy mustard makes it the ultimate sandwich (If you don't get rye bread on any sandwich, don't bother ordering).It's not in the best location, but it's got history, and I will trek miles to go to Langer's.  Luckily my wife works downtown, so I have an excuse to go.BTW, Canter's is a very close second.Not a fan of pastrami, but decided to try this place out based on reviews. Ordered #19 which is the basic pastrami with cole slaw and i got it on rye bread. LOVED IT. The meat to bread/slaw ratio is nice. I usually dont like pastrami sandwiches cause they're usually two slabs of bread swimming in layers and layers of meat, but Langer's definitely got their proportions right! for me anyways... The meal was a bit on the pricey side (i think $15 for the sandwich, no sides) Would definitely drop by this place again.p.s. there's free parking with validation in a lot down the street. Forgot the cross-streets LOL.. but it's easy to find. ;)I had the #19. The pastrami was thick and juicy and heaven. The rye bread was also pretty good. The only thing is that its a little pricy for a pastrami sandwich, and that your sandwich doesn't come with fires. If the sandwich came with fries at that price, I'd give a 5 star.Tried Langer's for the first time today. I called in my order...#19 of course because it's the only thing I know about on the menu since I've never been there. Drove up to the deli within 10 minutes, food came out a minute later, paid with a card while in my car, and took the food back to work. To be honest, I'm not a real big fan of pastrami, I've literally only had it maybe four times in my life so far be it for me to say what's a great pastrami sandwich. However, I do know that what I ate today was delicious and I wouldn't mind eating more of it at a much frequent pace than I have been. The meat was so tasty and was cut pretty thick, unlike the other pastrami's that I've had. The coleslaw and white russian dressing put it over the top. I would've loved if the bread was toasted a bit, but everything else was so good that I could look past it. It seems a bit pricey but I'm not a real pastrami connoisseur so I'm not sure what a top-notch pastrami sandwich generally goes for...this one cost $15 but it's a big sandwich so I can't complain too much.I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in the area.The food?In a word: GoodThe cost?In a word: OverpricedBetter than Jerry's Famous Deli... not as good as Katz's in NYC... This place is the look and feel of a traditional deli. I got the Hot Beef Brisket with Dip and my friend got the original #19 Hot Pastrami... didn't taste her but she seemed to like it... the hot beef was great... (had a hair on my pickle but I caught it... -1star)... I think it's a bit pricey tho but that's debatable I guess... just my opinion... but FOOD is good.  I'd be curious to try the other things on the menu but.... til next time...If it's your first time at Langer's let me save you some time reading reviews and just order the good ole number 19If you visit enough times you'll certainly end up trying all the specials.. A great LA hot spot!!Call ahead to order and they will run it out to you..Maybe it demeans my devotion to Yelping, but I usually end up denying reviews to the businesses that have already hit the 1,000 mark. I cannot, in good conscience, do that to this place.Langer's was a last-minute decision for lunch today. My girlfriend had seen the reviews and thought it would be a good place to grab a quick bite. Having worked at a famous Jewish deli in the Northeast, I was skeptical, I'll admit.We wandered in during a busy lunch and were promptly seated. The service was absolutely spectacular. The servers were kind, efficient and attentive. A+. Really, the service alone could get this establishment a 3 star review, but it didn't stop there.Being first-timers, we decided to order and share the most popular item: #19. Pastrami, Swiss and coleslaw on seeded rye. YUM. We both ordered soups as an appetizer; she ordered the matzo ball and I, the cabbage. Both soups were wonderful and our cups were empty within just a few wonderful minutes.If you're looking for a great Jewish deli in LA... Look no further than Langer's. Eat. Pray. Love. (You can forego the praying if you wish... I certainly do.)Hands down best Pastrami ever.  I've eaten at all the big boys in New York, grew up in Toronto, home of the baby beef and none of them have anything on the #19.  I'm a purist normally.  Pastrami, rye and maybe a little mustard.  It will be hard to ever eat pastrami any where else after eating a #19 at Langers.  Hand cut meat and bread.  The bread is a perfect crispy crust with the soft doughy middle and the meat is cut thick and perfect.  Practically falling apart.  You never have trouble taking a proper bite.  It goes down so smooth.  Most other pastrami's are a little tough, sometimes you take a bite and end up pulling half the sandwich out of the middle.  Most of those places in NY pile it so high to compensate for the lack of succulence.  Langers does none of these things.  They have nothing to compensate for.  If you haven't been there then you haven't lived!! Blintzes are also amazing.  Try the home made cream soda if you have the balls!! Carnegie and Katz can bow down now.  Only knock on this place is the location and the hours.  But i guess those things kinda go hand in hand.  I probably wouldn't want to be walking around near MacArthur park after dark.  Open a second location further west!!!  Please and thank you.  I love you Mr. Langer.Most amazing cornbeef sandwich this side of anywhere.  Curbside pickup is awesome but its hard to wait to get home and messy to eat in the car!   Mustard everywhereI'm a born and raised new yorker and when I read that this place has better pastrami than katz' deli I scoffed like the snooty new yorker that I am.  How can anyone have better pastrami than the king of pastrami?  Blasphemy says I as me and the gf drive over to have a taste and laugh at how silly the comparisons are.  We walk in and order two pastrami sandwiches with Swiss cheese and Russian dressing (just say number 19 baby).  First bite, oh my a taste explosion in my mouth.  If you don't understand basic human psychology it is very hard to convince someone of something when they have their minds made up already as I did, but the flavor was undeniable even to someone as stubborn as myself.  The pastrami was juicy and perfectly marbled.  If you are a complainer about fat then do not eat here, pastrami is meant to be fatty and the fat is where the flavor is.Pastrami, overall menu selection, service, facilities - basically everything gets the edge compared to Katz'.  Oh yea and their bread doesn't taste like it came out of the 99 cent store like it does in Katz,  Blah blah blah I don't want to hear about how Katz has true rye bread blah it still tastes sub par compared to the pastrami and ruins the sandwich for me personally.  Langer's rye bread is EXCELLENT.  Soft in the middle and nice hard crust they way I like my rye, I believe its baked on premises.  The service at Katz is poor.  The guys cutting up your sandwiches mess up the order consistently ( I guess consistency is good?) and act like either they don't know english or find it very hard to talk to you.  Communication is key people :)So it hurts me to say in the pastrami sandwich department Langers wins hands down.  Overall experience Langers wins hands down.  Oh you poor new yorkers thought you knew what a great pastrami sandwich is :)Heard about Langers forever. WAY over priced. $16 for a sandwich. The meat in the pastrami was very good quality, but beyond that I've had much better pastrami sandwiches. It is definitely overrated.The Best Pastrami on RyeENOUGH SAID. You have 1 option and 1 option only: #19. This is a great old school deli with the best sandwich in the world.It is sort of expensive though, but that won't hold me back from giving Langer's 5 Stars. Neither will the parking situation or the location. It feels like you're in Tijuana once you step outside. It's time they stay open past 4pm.I've had Langer's a few times before I wrote this review and I must say, I am in love with their pastrami sandwich.  I usually get the #1, which is just the same as the #19 without the Swiss cheese.  What can I say, I'm just not big on Swiss cheese.The sandwich, is, heavenly, even if you save it for dinner.  I don't have a big appetite, so I usually eat half for lunch and the other half for dinner.  The pastrami, coupled with the coleslaw and Russian dressing, is the best pastrami I've ever had.  It's thick, flavorful, and just absolutely delicious.  The pastrami from Tommy's and The Hat simply cannot compete.The downside to having this great sandwich is the price.  At $14.35 for a #1 ($15.20 for the signature #19), it's certainly on the expensive side.  That's the reason why I'm not giving this deli 5 stars.  I'll be back for more sandwiches, but not as often as I would like.Nooo idea why this place is so popular!! I went in and had the pastrami sandwich, which is $15.Now I dont mind paying large amounts of money for food if it's food but this pastrami sandwich was terrible.Everything about it tasted terrible. I would say that there are many many more sandwich places around that are actually worth it.This place has amazing pastrami sandwiches. I ordered the popular #19 and it was sooo good. The pastrami was juicy, the cole slaw was just right, and the russian dressing was really good addition. However, if you don't like alot of sauce on  your sandwiches, ask for the russian dressing on the side. But, we did have a weird experience with a strange Korean guy. He kept staring at us while we were eating because we were Asian. BEWARE...if you are asian and a Korean guy keeps staring at you...just tell him to stop staring. I think he's a regular at the place and has mental issues. Besides that, I highly recommend. This place is up on the list with Katz Deli in NY. Perfecto!I'm doing the rounds of delis it seems lately, and last weekend's stop was at Langer's.  Now, I've been dying to try Langer's for years now, the last time I actually came by, it was closed, so be aware that they are only open until 4PM and closed on Sundays (both very counter-intuitive for a deli!).  I didn't know they had validated lot parking so I found parking on the street, which isn't easy as this incredibly busy area is like a mini version of downtown L.A. (well it's almost right there in downtown anyway).  You're only going to get an hour at the meters (and an hour validated at the parking a street up, or so I hear).  True you can easily get in and out in under an hour but I don't particularly like that, it detracts from the experience.  You can go using the Red Line, maybe I'll try that, still I deduct half a star for the parking situation and the inconvenient hours. I had the #44 which is basically a pastrami reuben with nippy cheese.  It's not a wedge, it's a squared off sandwich using much larger than usual pieces of rye bread; the sandwich all by itself takes up most of a plate (which comes with a couple of pickles).  I also had a side of french fries which are large crinkle (like an accordion) cut, and just dandy.  The price didn't seem unusually high (for a deli) but it doesn't come with fries, that's extra, and a little side salad if you want one is almost $5, I'm not deducting for this; the other half star deduction comes from the fact that my sandwich didn't come with very much pastrami.  It needed just a little more to make the balance just right.  The pastrami realy is killer at Langers, and maybe if I try a different sort of sandwich (without saurkraut, which could have overwhelmed things) the pastrami ratio would work out better.  Maybe I'll try splitting a Pastrami Plate with a friend, hopefully they like chopped liver cause I don't.  They have a lot of other interesting things on the menu and I look forward to trying them.Unbelievable Sandwich!I went to Langers yesterday for my lunch break and boy was it packed, their packing lot was fulled and the wait was long but it was definately worth every second of it.  I had the #19 and it was the most delicious pastrimi sandwich I ever had.  I had Jerry's, Junioirs, Canter's and this tops it all.  The secret sauce mixed in with tthe coleslaw inside the sandwich was so finger tasting licking good that I can't wait to go back again.You've probably read all the reviews raving about the pastrami sandwich... and here's another!  It's amazing.  And don't skip on adding cole slaw to the sandwich.  It's beautiful.I got curb-side service for picking up lunch for my office.  They tell you the price before-hand, and they have it ready for you at just the right time.  Easy.  Professional.  Delicious.super speedy servicethe pastrami was good, however it is not as good or as plentiful as Katz in NY, do not listen to those who will try to convince you otherwise!I am not a fan of crunkle cut fries, Katz serves steak fries, much better.For a place in LA to be compared to Katz is a great honor. it is the second best pastrami sandwich I have ever had.  But as we all know, second place is first loser.I'll be back for another sandwich very soon....One of the few places that's worth 5 stars.The #19 HANDCUT. Don't forget to say handcut, b/c the sandwich does taste better that way. Also, I've had Langers and Canter's back to back and Canter's pastrami was pathetic compared to Langers.I will say Langer's pickles are pretty awful though, and I had a tuna melt there once and it wasn't that great. The Reuben though was legit.In closing, the #19 is the nest sandwich in the entire world! SO happy other people know about Langers :)In my quest for the best corned beef and pastrami sandwiches on the planet, my journey recently took me to Langers.  Holy cow!  Not literally, because it's not kosher, but still...O.M.G!I went with my hubby and we did the same thing that we do everywhere that they don't actually offer a corned beef and pastrami on rye (aka the Woody Allen at Carnegy deli).  Can I just sidebar for a second and ask why there are delis out there that haven't figured out that when these two meats come together in your mouth between rye with some spicy mustard, the world just stops for the briefest second?  But I digress...Anyway, he ordered corned beef on rye and I ordered pastrami, and we swapped halves.  YUM!!!!  It was so good, I made my own Woody Allen and ATE THE WHOLE EFFING THING.  Meat. Candy.  As far as sandwiches go, this is the one to beat.And now for the rest of the restaurant...  They make their own cream sodas served from the fountain, which is way better than opening a bottle of Dr. Browns.  They serve egg cremes, which I didn't have, but HELL YEAH!!!  This is a classic deli.  They didn't have pickles on the table, which is one of my litmus tests, and they didn't have any baked goods for sale on the way out, but the food makes up for failing my weird east coast childhood deli tests.Finally, a little note about the other delis in LA.  I went to Canter's a couple of years ago - decent, if you don't know better.  Nate and Al's (earlier this week) - will not be returning; tense vibe and soggy bread, although they do have pickles on the table.  Still, I'm taking my dad to Langer's when he's in town.Good and consistent pastrami and rye. There is a LOT of bad pastrami in the universe of delis, and the farther you get from NYC, the truer this statement tends to be. This place has a good sense of how to balance juice and fat and crisp and soft into a melt-in-your-mouth experience.Other options on the endless menu fit within the bounteous theme, eg, skirt steak and lots of other Eastern European-American flavors.Order a Dr Brown's Cel-Ray Tonic with your sandwich, and you will feel as close to home, if home was Manhattan, as you are likely to feel in a Central American neighborhood in downtown LA!...:DMy dear hubby and I like to watch The Best Thing I Ever Ate on Food TV and this joint happened to be featured on one of the shows. Just as we have tried other places recommended on Triple D's, we thought "why not". GREAT DECISION!!!Let me preface this by saying that my husband's favorite pastrami at Carnegies in Vegas and mine is Brents in Chatsworth. We needed another contender in our pastrami battle! Langers won!I got my pastrami sandwich, on rye, with coleslaw, swiss cheese, and russian dressing. The absolute perfect combination of flavors! My husband got it sans swiss and took off the coleslaw, said it had too much vinegar. However, he devoured the bread and meat.The meat was so tender and the bread was incredibly soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. It was soooo delicious, words cannot describe!Only downfall about this place is that parking is pain and its in a crappy neighborhood--but it still didn't stop me from eatting until I was stuffed!Langer's is the real deal when it comes to good honest diner/deli food.  The food is all very high quality, the service good and the location, well, ghetto.   The number 19 is seriously where it's at.  The twice baked rye bread used is excellent and this place seriously has the best pastrami you will ever eat.  Like many who don't travel to downtown L.A. much to eat, I first heard about Langer's on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate.  Adam Gertler, I'm now indebted to you.The service is good no matter how busy they are.  Even when you have to wait outside to be seated, the wait won't be too long as they turn over tables quickly.  There is a parking lot nearby that Langer's owns and they validate.There are only two cons to Langer's; the price of the food is definitely more than any other deli I've ever been to, although it's still worth it if you enjoy good quality food.  Secondly, the location is right across from MacArthur park, so be prepared for an interesting experience with all the different flavors (ok, let's be honest, freakin' weirdos) of people in the vicinity.The #19 came through as advertised. The light rye is the softest I've experienced. Best part: the service. Visiting from Brooklyn, the customer service in LA in general was a welcome surprise, but it was especially good here. My friend brought his baby and they gave her a little stuffed bear with a "Langer's" T-shirt on it.  Marketing, sure, but also very nice. Servers are old pros, friendly and efficient. Chocolate malted was great.Pros: Best pastrami I've ever hadCons: NoneI'm not Jewish, but I love a great pastrami sandwich and the best one I've ever had was at Langer's. I heard the number 19 was the classic and it didn't fail to live up to it's lofty expectations. I normally don't like cole slaw and dressing on my pastrami, but surprising it fits perfectly here. The bread is fresh and maybe some of the best I've ever had for any sandwich I've ever eaten. The pastrami is juicy and hot with every bite.I don't work anywhere close to here, so I only get to eat here for lunch if I'm out this way for business, but anytime I want a delicious pastrami and I'm out in downtown L.A., I make my way to Langer's.Quick update, I'll add a star because the pastrami really is super tasty. But tried curbside again and of course they screwed it up again. Called in to let them know that my friend and I were parked LITERALLY 10 feet up from their front door, and they said they couldnt come out. On the phone with the hostess, she literally looked out the window and told us that they couldnt come out that far. Ummm what?? No exageration ,10 FEET FURTHER than the last car they brought it out to.F U langers. Just dont offer curbside delivery.Also, even as a gormet sandwich lover and someone who consistantly overpays for sandwiches, $16.00+ for just the sandwich?? Yikes. See you soon Canters.Great pastrami, just make sure you bring your wallet and dont bring your car.It's good, but for $15 you can def eat lots of other tasty things. Also, Katz in NYC is hands down the better of the two pastrami kings.This place puts all the New York Deli's to shame.  It's the best Deli in the country, hands down.  The best pastrami, the best rye bread and the best matzah ball soup. I love the added carbonation in their sodas.  I could eat here everyday!!!!!  Katz can suck it !!!!  Langer's rules !!!!The Best Pastami in LA!!I have taken many Jewish out of towners to this Restaurant, and they have all raved that this Pastrami beats their previous favorite hands down!  I have to agree.  The #19 might sound like heresy to a Pastrami purist, but trust me! You will be glad you tried it!!Parking is 1 block away and is free with validation.  The restaurant is in an abysmal part of town.  During lunch, there are the people in suits going to Langers, and the bums.  That being said, the food is so fabulous, everyone is willing to brave the elements.At lunch time, a line forms outside.  The line moves quickly.  Once you order your food, expect it to arrive in 5 minutes flat!!  The service has always been excellent.  I have come to expect the best from Langers, and have never been disappointed!Yepp, I love it. This #19 miracle, hahahaWell, it can totally call their pastrami the best in the world. Maybe this was my first time eating pastrami. The so-called, salty, thin meat slices I had before may just not be real pastrami... The slaw and cheese go really well with the meat. Even the bread, which has cumins with it, is amazingly good. The best part of the bread to me was the crispy edges. I also liked the somehow old-fashion way of decoration in the resteraunt. The only annoying thing was parking. Oh, and also the long line.My second stop of "99 things to eat in LA before you die". Errrr, long way to go...This review will be short and sweet because I'll probably just sound like a broken record since everyone is saying the same thing...The only number you need to remember is #19.  This will get you the best pastrami sandwich in the left coast.  The juicy, flavorful pastrami is piled high on the soft fresh rye bread.  It is accompanied by swiss cheese,  russian style dressing, and Langer's homemade cole slaw.  I honestly was a bit skeptical about having cole slaw in a sandwich but dammnnn, hella good!  I finished the sandwich is less than 10 minutes.You can't go wrong with this sandwich.  Trust me and every other yelper and their mama that reviewed it.I don't think I have been introduced to pastrami the right way...I started out thinking the best pastrami had to be the greasy soggy sandwiches that golden ox would offer but boy was I wrong!!Came here earlier today (free parking westlake and 7th for 1 hour w/ validation) and ordered 2 #19s for my boyfriend and I. The meat is obviously high quality and the flavor was just heavenly Russian sauce was a great complement to the coleslaw and pastrami and the bread was soft and just amazing...if you want to have pastrami, the right way, go to Langer's! :DCoworkers have been chatting this place up for years, and I recently had an opportunity to pop on in for a bite. #19, please. Sometimes you just have to stick with the classics, and I'm so glad that I did. Pastrami unlike any I've ever had before. So many layers of flavor that are uniquely linked to Langers. The great double baked rye with a perfectly balanced amount of coleslaw and Russian dressing. I ate 1/2 of 1/2 of my whole sandwich. Ate the other half later and took the whole 1/2 home to the hubsters. Not sure if it's because of the classic diner atmosphere, or just the freshness of all of the ingredients, but I certainly enjoyed eating my 1/2 of my 1/2 in the restaurant. The other 1/2 of the 1/2 was enjoyable, but lost some of it's oomph. Of course the location is not ideal, and getting down there can be a bit of a hassle. All in all, I think it's worth jumping through some hoops to get the best pastrami I have had.#19  |  Thick, tender slices of pastrami topped with a slice of Swiss cheese and creamy cole slaw between two pieces of rye bread equals a multitude of mmm..mmm... goodness! Every layer had a distinct flavor that seems to work harmoniously in this sandwich. When you take the first bite, you'll be sold. Definitely not your average deli. I came on a Saturday and got the sandwich to go. Service was extremely fast!Took me a while to finally make it to this place but oh man was it worth the wait.By far the best pastrami I have ever had.I ordered the #19 last month. $21 for that and a chocolate shake? The sandwich was really good but I don't see this being something I'd crave, plus the meat was not cut to my style. Sort of stringy and crispy.Not sure how anything else on the menu is..because I was hooked on the #19 from the start. Been coming here for years now. Every few months I get the craving for that tender pastrami between the BEST rye bread and head right over! Always consistent, never disappoints!You can't go wrong with what they are known for... #19.  Pastrami, coleslaw and swiss cheese on rye bread with Russian dressing... YUM!  I've tried a few other things on their menu but #19 is still the best sandwich they have.  This place gets crowded at times, if you're in a hurry you can call in your order and pick it up curb side.   Its' a little pricey for what you get but places with a James Beard award tend to charge more.I've gone to a lot of delis in LA and nothing comes close to Langers Deli's pastrami.  If you are craving east coast quality pastrami come here.  It'serfectly seasoned and not to salty like a lot of pastrami in LA.  The decor of this place is right out of the 60s.  The area isn't the greatest though but worth the pastrami.Finally got to taste the pastrami, hailed as the best in the country.  It didn't disappoint in any way.  We got the sandwiches and headed over to MacArthur Park to eat them, because we had our dog.  We had the one with the Swiss cheese and Russian dressing - a classic.  I could not believe each bite - I couldn't speak - it was off the charts good.  We go to New York/Manhattan every year and have eaten at Star Deli, Carnegie, etc.  Here locally, we go to Brent's and Art's, but they just can't compare.  So wish they had something closer to where we live, but this is a destination restaurant for us from now on.It's nearby our place and intrigued by their famous pastrami so we went here after doing some errands. We parked on westlake/7th  and they have validation. It's kinda pricey. We got the famous sandwich #19. the sandwich are kinda big and it was really good. the edge of the rye bread were kinda hard and broke one of my brackets. it's nice to experience "the world's best pastrami" but I guess not too often.lolSeriously Now...Alvarado & 7th (wasn't that where we used to get fake id's when we were in high school).An east coast jewish transplant I am.A deli with real rye bread this is.nu?Turkey on rye with russian dressing (forget calling it 1,000 island - that's so west coast) and cole slaw.  A side of kosher pickles and a cup of matzo ball soup... I'm in heaven.The fantastic brown and yellow Naugahyde decor.  The orange hues... The handicap inaccessible upstairs bathroom.  I attended graduate school around the corner, and took many a trip to langers for lunch... There is free parking in the (validated) lot on 7th one block east of Alvo.I hear the red meat is fantastic too (though I just stick with turkey).For all the valley snobs, and west side pretentious folks they have curbside pickup.  I, however, recommend heading inside, grabbing a seat, and enjoying the visceral experience that is Langers!I had to quickly get this one off my chest since I couldn't stop thinking about how good this pastrami sandwich was after lunch yesterday.  The #19 is all you need to know when ordering so forget about the menu.  They also provide crinkle cut fries which is a classic.  I can't wait to come up with an excuse to go to the heart of LA again to visit this place because it would be worth the trip.#19 Pastrami sandwich with cole slaw, swiss cheese, and special dressing. OOO Yeah.Just order water to drink because you won't want the taste of this sandwich interfered with. When they advertise "The home to the home of the world's best pastrami sandwich," they are not overstating the pure greatness of this sandwich. Our waitress said it more accurately, the "best pastrami on the PLANET."Now, this is a $15 sandwich, which is slightly pricey, but you won't regret it. It's a large sandwich and for the amount of meat in between the hand sliced rye bread (a specialty) you get every penny accounted for.I also really enjoyed the old school diner vibe of Langer's. Not in the greatest locale's, however, the neighborhood gives the restaurant vibe a good twist...meaning you feel kinda bad ass being there and walking back to your car. A simple and casual place that boasts friendly and quick service...I had a great time!Okay, I got inspired to grab a pastrami sandwich. I never ate at the Carnegie Deli or at Katz in New York,  but I gotta say that we in LA have it pretty good with the pastrami at Langer's. Compared to The Hat, this place is eons and eons ahead in terms of quality. Yes, I did try the #19. Yes, I did love it. Yes, I will be back. My one and only complaint is that $15 for the sandwich was a bit too much. I know they have cornered the Pastrami market for many people here because their quality is untouchable, BUT the price is a bit much. It's definitely pricy, but also PRICELESS. I have a $10 sandwich rule, but I don't mind making an exception now and again for Langer's.Took my wife here for the first time last week on thursday. Parking on 7th was good...place was still packed at 1pm... waited for 5 min not bad... area surrounding restaurant was not to my likings... Pastrami was good with the Aujus ......people were friendly.... I am a Big Pastrami Fan on a scale 1-10 I give it a 7.....p.s. I prefer going to Modicas in Long Beach ocean &linden they get a 10 3 dollars less and about 6" Longer.....My last time was 10 years ago ! But I never forgot the experience! I walked in like the prodigy son coming back home..I sat at the counter and a wonderful lady took noticed my state of contentment and short from scolding me for my absence all this time, got ready to take my order. I settle of course for a big plate of chicken soup! Question... With pasta or matzo balls, Solution she made it with both!Then, I got the must have pastrami sandwich , and ended with rice custardWhat a home coming!!! Thank you LangersAttention all vegetarians.If you want to eat one meat meal before you die, make it Langer's!I'd give it six stars if I could.  Or sixty.The pastrami, the bread, the fries, it's perfection!  The first time I was there I ordered a pastrami with chopped liver and I decided to eat the whole thing, along with some fries.  It was unbelievably delicious, but I think my heartbeat was irregular the rest of the day and I'll probably die a year earlier.  I've wised up and now splurge for extra lean and skip the chopped liver (so sad) but it is still delectable.If you choose to go there, you are wasting your time if you eat anything other than pastrami.  Okay, I haven't actually tried anything other than pastrami, but I would be surprised if anything on the menu is a fraction as good as the pastrami because it is the greatest sandwich on earth.In a world of thinly sliced salty pastrami,  Langer's produces a succulent, juicy and downright delicious thick slice pastrami that is well worth the adventure into this otherwise less than savory part of Los Angeles.  The #19 has been popularized for good reason.  That delicious pastrami, creamy crunchy slaw, cheese and Russian dressing sits on a soft but hearty nicely crusted rye bread and is everything I look for in a solid sandwich experience.The price is admittedly a little steep for a sandwich.  Nevertheless, since having eaten my first, I always look forward to my next visit!  The joint, its staff and decor hearkens back to an old school era that has been largely displaced from this district.  Historic, mouthwatering, down home and comforting.  The chili cheese fries and floats are a nice accompaniment to flesh out your meal onto a blissful plane of gastronomic decadence.Highly recommended.BEST DELI SANDWICH I've had HANDS DOWN!!!All I have to say is this:#19 - PASTRAMI, SWISS CHEESE and COLE SLAW Russian Style Dressing (Or get the Corn Beef instead of the Pastrami)Side of fries a must with ranch dressing!Some may complain about the price but they make the meat on the premises and the quality is as good as you can get!It's not in a great part of LA and you have to park on the corner lot and walk to the deli but it's free parking. Go during the day not at night.Things to consider when going to Langers: 1. There will be a crowd. Don't expect to breeze right in and have the place empty. It's packed! 2. A legitimate deli. They pickle their own pickles .. there's a place where you can get freshly cut meats. etc 3. Being someone who is a fan of pastrami.. it's a good place to be. their pastrami is a bit thicker than your normally sliced deli meats!4. I did the road side pick up option and their were quick and prompt! 5. Parking is a block away. 6. It's snuggled right in the heart of LA.. which means the place has some character.MUST: #19 !!!!!  Definitely big portions though! I split this with one other person! Great food... could be slow service though!This place makes a very strong case for the number "19", which before going here I considered one of those super ugly prime numbers. You know, a number you'd feel weird about putting a chip down on at the roulette table; a number I'd change on my car stereo volume superstitiously if it came up. Ok, maybe that's just my own weird obsessiveness coming through here...The point is, the #19 is incredible. Thick-cut pastrami, generous tangy coleslaw and russian dressing, a subtle slice of swiss, on some of the tastiest rye bread I've ever eaten. It's heavenly.The place itself is an interesting gem -- preserved pristinely in a neighborhood which hasn't been preserved so pristinely. A beautiful interior busting with brown leather transporting you to a whole different time and place.I'd like to go back and try so much other stuff. I was able to try to chopped liver as well. Let's just say I shouldn't have been surprised when something that looked so much like cat food ended up tasting like cat food. Though I'm sure by the standards of chopped liver it's incredible. Just not my thing I suppose.This place makes me very happy to live near the metro red line, which takes you directly there at the Westlake/MacArthur park stop. The hours are weird (4-8), but if you can get there, definitely do.The food is only OK.  Had a sandwich $13.00 which may be expensive but it's Los Angeles.  However I do want a sandwich where the meat is at least hot.  It wasn't!!!!It's inexcusable to serve food that isn't hot.  The guy who owns it now is Norm Langer: he doesn't do as good a job as his father Al.  Al was a man who knew how to run a deli and always looked for improvements.I also love Pastrami, Katz's and Bernsteins are far better than this placeThe place lives on it's old reputation.They say there's no good deli west of NYC. Beg to differ. The best pastrami and rye bread I've had.This is as good as it gets.  Yeah, it's pricey - Get over it.  Unless you eat it every day, you can spend almost $20 for the best pastrami sandwich in your life hands down.By far one of the best Deli's I have ever been to! The pastrami was very tender and full of flavor.... I will drive 100 miles for this place...Now I can see why they have a James Beard award! It's in a dumpy area and is old looking but food is a 5 starThis place is the real deal, an amazing NY style deli in LA! The corn beef on rye is probably the best sandwich I've ever had! Their pickles are amazing! The neighborghood is rather seedy which explains the short hours, and it gets really packed around noon. I've also had their herring plate which is also really good, it comes with the olives, pickles, and plenty of the awesome rye bread that Langer's is famous for. I've also had several of their soups, the Matzo ball, Sour Cabbage, abd Mushroom Barley, and honestly the soups are just... meh, nothing really spectacular. The staff is very efficient, friendly, and welcoming, I highly recommend this place to anyone in the mood for a good deli!hands down, the best pastrami sandwich i've ever tasted. The sweet and savory meat literally melts in your mouth. #19 is my favorite!Corned beef hash and eggs. I cannot even put it into words except to say the corn beefed hash is not out of a can.#19. Enough said!Wilshire Blvd from K-town to Downtown is chock full of history.  The Ambassador Hotel, Wilshire Blvd. Temple, Bullock's Wilshire, The Talmadge Apartments.... It's also chock full of gangs, fake id stores, homemade urinals, and (proudly) my old office.  Just know this before you go to Langers.  And if I were the sort of person who believes that a crime ridden location adds charm that cannot be bestowed by the 3rd St. Promenade, then I would give 5 stars.  Nay 6.  But I'm not.  To me, a crappy location is just that.  Hence minus one star.  And I'm not making it up folks.  I reported a stabbing I witnessed just a few blocks away from here two months ago.  A stabbing.Ah, but the food.French fries: crispy, deep golden, crinkle cut.  Nothing floppy or soggy about them.  An order is big enough to share among 2-3 people.  #19: Perfectly cooked pastrami, super salty, heavy on the Russian dressing, thick slice of Swiss cheese, fresh crunchy coleslaw, soft rye bread with a toasty snappy crust.droooooooooooooool.Pickles were young and not the most flavorful, it's a preference issue I think.It is that good.What is the secret to that rye bread?Great pastrami.  Great ambience.  Great neighborhood.  Difficult hours.While laid up after surgery near-by St. Vincents and craving real food, my dad gave in and brought me a pastrami on rye for Langers - my first.  Awesome, best I have had anywhere.  Later in the week I went back for a second round - in person.  Clean orderly place considering the caaos of the 'hood.  Staffed by professionals who take their work seriously.  I went with the promoted #19 which is the Pastrami with coleslaw and swiss.  Good of course but the extra stuff competes with the best-in-class Pastrami (hand carved they said) and best warm moist rye bread on a sandwich ever (also hand sliced).  Next time I'd stick with the straight up pastrami.  Tab was worth it - but high for what it is - a sandwich  -  $12.95 or so.  I'd go back in a second.Hip hip hooray. It's all about the rye bread. It is the best I've eaten anywhere. The pastrami is terrific. And I do love that #19. It is remarkable and nearly heroic that a little ol' Jewish deli has survived and even thrived white flight out that area. The place has heart and the best pastrami in America. If you don't believe me, follow the link.jewishjournal.com/foodai…By far the best Pastrami in the City...The Dip is insanely good. I usually hit it up once a month or so when driving through the hood. Actually i once used there curb side service. Billy's in Glendale is great too and the waitress Ev is the bomb. She is the best old school tell you like it is server in the LA area.The ONLY downfalls include both the location and the hours of operation. I wish it was in a better neighborhood and was open later. But that being said, the food is prepared well all the time and the staff treats you with nothing but respect. If you are in the area, this is a must eat. This is a true Los Angeles landmark in my honest opinion. PERSONAL FAVORITE- NO.19 (obviously)With all the reviews, I expected better.It was ok.  A little pricy for the Pastrami Sandwich.I tried their number 19 and number 44. The number 19 was great. The pastrami meat alone is delicious. The best pastrami I have tried in california. The rye bread surprised me because it tasted good too. I am not a big fan of the taste of rye bread but this was good. The russian sauce was great too. It added great flavor. The number 44 came with "nippy" cheese which was way to cheesy for my taste. However, $15 for one sandwich will limit the amount of times I visit this place. Plus, being in LA, the parking sucks.Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  Also took home the everything bagel and jalepeno cheddar bagels, and both are delicious!  Great place.  Will go often!Had the #19.  The sandwich was heaven! Everything about it was perfect.  Had matzo ball soup too.  I had never had it before but I'm gonna have it every time I go there, it was that good.Good morning #19!!Unfortunately i have to say that the legendary #19 did not live up to the hype.. ended up scarfing down my man's "boring order" of bacon, eggs and pancakes. $40 bill wtf....I knew at this point it would be over-hyped but I definitely enjoyed my sandwich. Much more tender than I imagined. Not much else to add.... Next time I'm splitting with someone!YummyThis place was pretty good...I would give it a 3.5...I ordered the #10 which is the pastrami and cheese with no cole slaw....(#19 is pastrami and cheese with cole slaw ...seems to be a popular pick)....The waitress was really nice and the food came out very fast...I also ordered a side a fries with the meal which supplemented the sandwich quite nicely...the meat was tender, thinly sliced and was definitely filling....Parking was convenient....and it was free with validation for Langer's customers...definitely above average place and good grub...oh #19 how i have missed you:yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…What better way to celebrate the awesomeness of Ciara G and her b-day than by doing so with the #19- her 500th review dedication! One of THE reasons i started yelping in the first place- Langers is one of those places that has spoiled me for life. No longer can i enjoy a pastrami sandwich without thinking about where is the coleslaw, swiss and russian dressing AND the awesomely soft yet crunchy (not too rye-y) ryebread.  It truly is pastrami perfection= Epic as Ciara says! If you truly love the Hat or Tops etc, you might want to stay away, because before you know it, you'll be making excuses on your lunch hour that you need a fake ID.Hours: 8am-4pmclosed sunday.parking lot 7th and westlakeOne of the best sandwich places you'll ever eat at.Went here during lunch break after reading the reviews. I went in knowing expecting to save half the sandwich for later but COULD NOT RESIST! The pastrami melts in your mouth and the cole slaw is a perfect spread for the deliciously toasted rye bread.Biggest draw back is the price. I don't think i've ever spent $16 for a deli sandwich before but then again this isn't your typical deli sandwich...The #19 is the best sandwich you will ever eat in your entire life. If you don't think so, you should probably get your taste buds checked out. It really is *that* good. Chili cheese fries are also delicious here.Woke up late and needed something in my belly to get me through the day. Where to go? Langer's Deli for a # 19. It was seriously a late lunch because there was no wait and plenty of booths to choose from. Like I said before I ordered # 19,  pastrami, Swiss cheese, cole slaw Russian style dressing, and on rye with half a pickle. The pastrami was juicy, thick, smoky, and tender. Now you add on one of my favorite side, cole slaw, mouthwatering genius. The slaw and cheese gave the sandwich a creamy texture and extra goodness. It was like, really good. The service was a little bit slow but forgivable because the little old lady was cute. There was parking in a lot across the street and it's free with validation. I will be back for more.Langer's is a must if you are in the area.  The Pastrami is the bombiso, there was the food festival last weekend. a street food festival in downtown to be exact. turns out every god damn human that has ever enjoyed eating decided to come out for that event and when boyfriend and i finally got to the top of that god damn hill after walking from the metro center  we took one look at that line and we said 'fuck you LA street food fest you're not even worth it. we're outta here.' then we made the best decision of our lives and booked it to langer's which was an additional mile and a half from where we were. the almost two mile walk from our original metro drop off might seem a bit of a distance for those of us dependent on our automobiles, but after eating what was probably the most beautiful sandwich i've ever stuffed my face with, i knew i'd walk many more miles for this pastrami on rye with cole slaw, swiss, and russian dressing. for the purposes of this review, and to understand what i mean when i say this was thee most beautiful sandwich, i must say a few things.1) i've always hated rye bread, but here the flavor is subtle, the inner bread is soft and warm, and the outer crust is rich and crunchy!2) swiss ain't my favorite cheez by far, but i wouldn't order this sandwich with anything else.3) normally, i vomit at the thought of having to consume cole slaw, but theirs was fresh, light and strangely delicious.4) i never knew wtf russian dressing was, but god dammit i would like a glass of that stuff and drink it with my meal next time.this sandwich changed my perception on so many things i dislike! things i've disliked my entire life! that's like, a religious experience or something.we also ordered a pastrami on rye with cream cheese and tomatoes to share. really, it's a great sandwich, but it has *nothing* on the customer favorite, the ever glorious #19.while standing in line [about twenty mins] the wonderful aromas of LA bacon wrapped street dogs were floating in the air, taunting us, begging us to leave the line. Though I love me some real LA street food, which many were happily consuming, I'm glad we weren't seduced this time and stuck it out for Langer's. after our meal we walked around the park which was bustling with people ~ families with kids, old people just hanging out, and soccer players all filled the area with smiles and good spirits. it was a pefect los angeles saturday afternoon. there was nothing to be afraid of, so really, don't let that stop you from visiting.This is for the corned beef, coleslaw, russian dressing sandwich. I had half of one and damn did it satisfy!I last ate at Langers about 25 years ago and while I remember really liking the pastrami sandwich, I don't remember much detail and since then I have eaten at a lot of places known for their pastrami sandwiches. Time to revisit Langers.As far as traditional NY jewish deli style (rye bread, russian dressing, etc) pastrami sandwiches go, the no 19 at Langers is the best I've had in So Cal. The pastrami has a mild smoky flavor, the rye bread and russian dressing are good, I really liked it as I remembered. The only complaint, and it's a minor one, is that the cole slaw and russian dressing overpowered the pastrami flavor just a little bit. Their house pastrami is very good and next time I might order a stripped down version of this sandwich with no cole slaw and less russian dressing. Overall, the quality of the sandwich is good, but not quite up to the quality of the best delis in NY such as Katz, but it's not far off. Also, I'm not sure if I like Langers better than some of my other pastrami faves in So Cal such as The Hat and Bruxie, but those are hard comparisons, since they are totally different non-traditional pastrami sandwiches. I would say that Langers pastrami is better, and it should be because it is house made, but not sure if I like the overall sandwich better..... tough call. Bruxie for example is a waffle sandwich with a totally different taste and The Hat is a dipped sandwich on a soft white hoagy roll with mustard. The Hat pastrami is a little on the greasy side, but the dipped approach works well for them. Bruxies cider slaw and thinly sliced sour pickle really work well with the waffle approach even though the Boarshead pastrami they use is not at the level of a top notch house made pastrami.  I probably won't be visiting Langers for a while because it's too far from my house, but I will stop by again if I'm in the area. They are only open until 4pm, which is a good idea considering the neighborhood is not the kind of place most would feel comfortable in at night.Many years ago I had read that Los Angeles was 3rd on the list in terms of the population of Mexicans behind Mexico City (1st) and Guadalajara (2nd). I've been to both Mexico City and Guadalajara but I doubted what I had read that Los Angeles was third on the list until Saturday, Jan 14, 2012. I grew up in So. Cal and have been to LA many times but my goodness that neighborhood around McArthur Park (where Langer's resides) on a Saturday afternoon has soo many of my peeps that it's almost overwhelming I'm like "yo" is this Mex-cutta. Anyway enough about the neighborhood, if you are coming to Langer's they have a parking lot on 7th and Westlake, you can park their for free as long as you spend $5 or more at Langer's (which shouldnt be hard) and make sure you get your ticket validated. They close at 4:00 p.m. which is weird until you visit here and see the neighborhood, good on ya Langer's "safety 1st"I visited Langer's with a large group of about 20. Considering the size of the group I think the service was pretty darn good. Our waiter Ari, didn't seem frustrated or flustered as he serviced the entire group considering all the special requests. I thought he did pretty good considering. My wife and I split the coveted #19 (pastrami, coleslaw, cheese, russian dressing) and the beef brisket french dip. The french dip was pretty good, that au jus sauce was pretty special, probably the best I've ever had, very meaty and enhanced the flavor of the sandwich quite well. A local teen that was with us that had grown up in LA's City Centre said she thought Langer's French Dip was better than Philippe's which I've heard is the birthplace of the French Dip sandwich.The #19 however is pretty darn good, I see why it's the house favorite (they have a sign as soon as you walk in, proclaiming this). I'm not a fan of rye bread but my goodness, soft on the inside, crusty on the outside and combined with the pastrami and other ingredients, it's absolute perfection. By far the best pastrami i've ever had, I wasnt aware pastrami was meant to be this colour. The restaurant inside is what I would imagen a NY deli would look like, if I ever come here again, I think i would eat at the counter and mistakenly call the waitress Flo. Worth the drive for me from OC. Gracias Sr. Esposo! (Sr. = señor and not senior ok, I respect)I have had pastrami, I believe once before, but since I am more into ham and cheese (or burgers), I didn't care to try again, until this afternoon.I went all the way to the packed street of Alvarado, found a parking by the meter and walked with my friend to Langer's.This place is big and old fashioned. The waitresses are all a little old (40+) but they do a good job. Our waitress was around 60 and my friend wasn't very happy with her agility - she took a while to come get our orders.I asked for the number 10 (Pastrami with Swiss cheese) and fries and my friend got the number 19, which is the same thing as mine, except that it had coleslaw.In less than 10 minutes we had everything at the table. My pastrami was made with an exquisite Russian dressing and it was really good. The fries needed some seasoning but they were great too.We didn't get any desert and the waitress gave us the bill to be paid on the front.Overall it was a great meal and I enjoyed my food.Had it not been for Dan H and 17 other good Yelp friends who got me down here I might still be a Langer's virgin, and what a shame that would be! I must confess, I'm not a big pastrami person. I think it's delicious, sure, but I usually don't seek it out. But since this is supposed to be Ground Zero for pastrami in LA, I had to try it. I opted for the #10, so I could get the cole slaw on the side. Took a little while for the sammy to come out, but wow, when it did was it good. The pastrami itself was quite lean, which I guess it always isn't the case, and to tell you the truth I could've used a little more fat in there, but it was still quite delish. What really made the sandwich for me though was their rye bread with the wonderful crunchy crust! And the Russian dressing was a tangy creamy treat as well. It was so good I ended up eating the whole thing, even though just a half would've been quite enough to satisfy. Dan H and I were saying later we should've just split a sandwich between us--oh well! Their cole slaw was quite good as well, fresh, crisp and sweet with just the right amount of mayo. I think I prefer slaw that has cabbage sliced a bit more substantially with more celery seeds, though, so I can't say this was the best slaw I've had. Next time I want to try their tongue sandwich and the chopped liver, as those are usually the items I go for at a Jewish deli. Getting here and finding parking's no picnic, so prepare yourself. It's a SUPER-busy intersection teeming with more pedestrians than you've ever seen in LA, probably. I thought I was on Avenida Revolucion for a sec (that's Tijuana, folks). Even though their parking lot was full I was able to find free street parking a couple of blocks away, which is probably a good thing, considering how much I pigged out. The decor and ambiance is nothing to write home about, although it's clean and comfortable. The prices are kind of steep too, but those are all small matters considering their awesome food. It was definitely worth it and will have me coming back for more!#19 is hot diggity, awesome sauce, bomb dot com.i really liked potato salad also.this place is BETTER than katz.their parking lot is on 7th and westlake (a block east of the restaurant).can't wait to try #44 and fries next time.All I have to say is that this is the blandest pastrami i have ever had #19 wayyyyyyyyyyyyy over rated.  $23 for sandwich fries and drink never again!Langers  has the best Pastrami in all Los Angeles!  Better than Johnnies in Culver City I recommend this to everyone who loves Pastrami. Also the owners son and all the waitress are great.my friends brought me here for my bday :-) nothing better than some free food with good friends on your bday. so u know all the hype of this place? well all i have to say is... it is definitely worth the hype. usually i am a guy that doesnt like when people hype things up because then when it doesnt meet your high expectations, u get kinda sad even if the food is pretty good. in term so of this place, u have no choice but to have high expectations and they are definitely met.so my friends and i all got the famous #19. i believe its a pastrami sandwich with swiss cheese, cole slaw, russian dressing all on rye bread. let me state for the record that i am not the biggest fan of pastrami. most pastrami places ive been to, the pastrami is either soaked in oil or too salty.well... for this place, i LOVE the pastrami. the meat in the sandwich is just so tender and juicy. like i was grabbing at pieces of the pastrami by itself and it was just so good. i wanted like a whole plate of just the pastrami. haha.along with that, the cole slaw and the russian dressing just complement the pastrami so well. just adds to the juiciness of the meat and the sandwich. wow. and the rye bread, is so soft and delicious with the pastrami. the #19 is just purely a GREAT sandwich. i heard that this place won like the james beard award in 2001 or something like that. i now see y.so yea. u definitely gotta check this place out!because of quentin tarantino i love diners. i've often dreamed of gathering with my cohorts in a nondescript diner plotting our next big score; belittling each other about our given code names and arguing about the validity of leaving a tip.anyway, i thought it was peculiar that a deli would have curb side pick-up. i brushed it off as just another la thing. when i found langers, i quickly learned why. the area around langers looks like a parade just went by. a parade of rioters that is. i see why most people review this place at their lunch hour and not dinner. the only way i would come here for dinner is if costco's started selling bullet proof vests. i'm sure you think i'm exaggerating and to an extent i am. but i think it would be best if you carried your car keys with your finger on the panic button. parking is on 7th and westlake. 1 hr free with langers validation. of course i ordered the #13; pastrami w/ cole slaw. there are debates that a pastrami sandwich should only be served with sauerkraut, and this and not that.. blah blah blah.  "whatever!, i do what i want!" the pastrami was excellent. i'm no pastrami expert but the meat was thick, tender and exploding with flavor. however, because the sandwich is so massive, the bottom half of the second half of the sandwich can get rather soggy. but that necessarily isn't a bad thing depending on how you look at it. my only beef (pun intended) is that this sandwich is $14. just the sandwich, sides are extra. it really was a phenomenal pastrami sandwich but for $14 at least lie to me and tell me it was beef from one of those talking happy california cows. or better yet, a bull who killed a matador. something that my gang and i can bicker over while we insist that the guy who drove here in the miata has to be mr. pink.Its good but not the best. If u come here try the Blintzes those pastries or delicious. Clam chowder eh tasted like chicken soup. Prices are crazy 14-17 a sandwich. I hate this part of LA its dirty as hell. Staff is nice but I must tell u those ESPN radio hosts must get paid really good for advertising this joint all staff members wear the ESPN 710 shirt. If u really want to try better pastrami and amazing fries go to Glendale CA try Oinkster meat is so tender and the piggy fries wow.I'm was raised on deli food in New York, and wouldn't have believed it possible that an L.A. deli could top The Carnegie Deli's pastrami sandwich, but Langer's is it. It's not so much the pastrami, because they're both hand-carved - it's the rye bread. Langer's is, no-contest, the winner. The only negative is its very limited hours. The neighborhood might take you aback, but since Langer's is not open in the evening anyway, it's not really an issue.Since my original "review" appears in the netherworld bowels of page five, I thought I'd write a new one, since I have been on a Langer's kick the last few weeks.  First of all, let's get some of the "reviewer" stupidity out of the way:  To J.B. - I don't know what universe you live in but your rather silly and totally incorrect statement about Langer's parking lot is probably keeping people from going down there.  Parking is, of course, free for the first hour.As to the "size" of the sandwiches - to the person who says these pastrami sandwiches are so big you should share one - first of all, real Jews don't share a pastrami sandwich.  I realize you're probably very young, but these sandwiches, unlike Art's or Jerry's, are not of the humungous variety - that's why I love them.  At Art's or Jerry's you can't even get your mouth around the sandwich, AND the meat is terrible.  Here, the sandwiches are just the right size with just the right amount of meat and let me tell you, youngsters, I have never EVER gained even a half-pound eating at Langer's, but then I know what to eat and how to eat it.  The pastrami (order extra lean, it's worth it), is, as everyone says, the best anywhere.  It's hard to take a comment like that seriously when, in the same review, the reviewer admits they've never eaten pastrami before.  There is no fat on this pastrami.  The rye is fresh and soft (and not toasted as another reviewer avers) - I eat the pastrami, Russian dressing, and cole slaw - it's never been anything other than superb.  I usually eat with two of the biggest eaters known to man, so besides their sandwiches they also order potato pancakes, kishka, and chopped liver, so I've sampled a bite of each and can say without fear of contradiction that the chopped liver at Langer's is the closest to home-made I've ever tasted.  The glop at Art's and Jerry's is disgusting - this is heaven on a plate.  The last time I was there we did sit next to a guy and his girlfriend.  He was very gregarious and wanted to know everything about what we were eating.  He ordered everything we had.  He was really funny and we all had a great time.  He asked us what we did and we told him.  We asked him what he did, and he said "I'm a crook."  That was funny.  At the end of the meal we said goodbye and shook hands with him and found out his name - while I won't repeat the name here, I can only tell you he's the son of a used to be head of one of the most famous Mafia families ever.  I wish I'd stayed and talked to him, because there's just a few people I wouldn't mind sending him to, to pay a little visit, if you get my drift.Happened to be in the Wilshire area & Mrs. C has never been to Langer's, so lunch was an easy decision.  I chose the frequently-photographed often-reviewed #19 sandwich, and eating it is a revelation.  The sandwich, on the whole, tastes excellent - creamy swiss cheese cuts the salty pastrami, and you have slightly crunchy cole slaw against soft rye bread.  Fairly simple elements, beautifully melded.  What I want to write about, tho, is that when a few pieces of pastrami fell off the sandwich and I ate them separately, I *literally* had to pause.  It is unlike any pastrami you've probably eaten.  Does it resemble the Hillshire Farms processed stuff you get at the grocery store?  Not by a long shot.  The pastrami of your favorite fast food or burger joint?  Swing and a miss.  No no no, my friend.  The pastrami at Langer's cut into thick (but small and edible) pieces, and what will blow you away is how tender it is.  Melody W. states it correctly.  It requires so little effort to chew, is full of flavor and is clearly made of quality stuff.  The menu is quite large, but if you order something other than the pastrami, you either a) really like ________ , or b) should probably have you head examined.Potato salad is good, but a little unremarkable for me.  French fries, however, are served crisp and hot.  Service was prompt and friendly, and they refilled my iced tea, which I always appreciate.I think Yelp should have a police squad of must-see/must-do's and if you have been living in LA for 5 years and never been to certain places, you are either gently suggested to go to, or brought under threat of bodily harm.  Langer's has to got be in the top 10, at least, of such a list.  It's a little out of the way for me, but I really should go more frequently than I do.  Good stuff!Double Baked rye bread.....  SIMPLY THE BEST.   Although their pastrami is second best to Katz, Langer's has the best rye bread by far.  Also, Langer's customer services is top notch, from waitress to, meat cutters, to cashier.  Langer's lunch hour on ESPN 710 Max and Marcellus always keeps me reminded to pay Langer's a visit.  They need to open up a second shop closer to my work!  In the LA traffic, I just can't make this a regular lunch place, I could only dream about it during Langer's Lunch hour!i expected more from the hype.i had the famous pastrami and cole slaw sandwichit was hugevery richbut the flavor was not all therethe beef was a little bland, i was surprised by thatthe cole slaw was a little bland too.the bread was fantasticthe chili-cheese fries were very good but standard, nothing special.it was a good meal with fast servicebut i will be forever loyal to my true jewish deli love, carnegie deli in new york.The pastrami at Langer's is insane.  It is absolutely the best pastrami I've ever had, with nothing else coming close.  Katz's?  Child's play.  Canter's?  Oh please.Get the #19.  It's the obvious favorite, and if you're the kind of person who doesn't like going with the crowd, I'd suggest you make an exception here.  This is just one of the best sandwiches you'll ever eat.  The pastrami, as mentioned above, is unbelievable - thick slabs with the perfect texture and the perfect amount of fat seasoned to perfection.  The pastrami is heaped between two pieces of wonderful rye, soft and spongey enough that your thumb leaves little imprints, but pliant enough that the imprints start to spring back.  The crust on the rye is equally awesome, not hard but not without hardness.  The additions of Swiss cheese, coleslaw, and Russian dressing are probably not necessary, but they really kick things up a notch, as do the delicious crisp pickles.  The pastrami remains the star, and I'm sure you could do okay with any pastrami sandwich at Langer's - I just think it's silly to tinker with perfection and will continue to order the #19.While the pastrami is the most amazing thing at Langer's, almost everything I've tried is superb.  The #88 is a beautiful corned beef with Swiss cheese and some great saurkraut.  The meat is leaner with a little less pizzazz than the pastrami, but it's truly fantastic, probably the best corned beef I've ever had.  The best corned beef just can't best the best pastrami.  The matzoh ball soup is another best - the matzoh ball floats and when you touch it it kind of goes boing boing, very cute and fluffy.  It tastes as great as it looks, just the right texture and just lovely with the lightly salty broth.  Matzoh ball soup can easily taste like chicken noodle (see: Canter's), but this was more mellow and complex.  The only thing I would skip at Langer's are the fries.  They aren't bad, but they aren't good enough to merit stomach space with so much awesome on the menu.My only complaints about Langer's have nothing to do with the food.  First, the place is only open for lunch, so if you're dying for pastrami at 1 AM or even 7 PM, no meat for you.  Second, the parking is fairly crazy, and walking to the restaurant, you're liable to be approached by eight different people who want to peddle you fake IDs.Otherwise, I can find little fault with this place.  It gets really crowded, but I've found that you get seated faster than you'd think, and that the service is efficient and friendly.  If you're alone, you can grab a seat at the bar with almost no wait at all.  The space is also bright and lively, with a sense of history to boot.Langer's is a happy place, worth any hassle for the peerless food.  The biggest downside I can think of is that you might never love another pastrami again.This place...OH this PLACE! God takes the form of a sammich and whispers in my ear everything that is good and right with the world. Go here at least once in your lifetime.For being a person who does not like pastrami, Langers and really changed me. I love their pastrami here!!!!!!! It's soo tasty and fresh and good everytime!!!!!!! Omg, just rating this now has got me craving pastrami. I do not eat pastrami anywhere but here. If you're a pastrami lover or not, come! And I promise you'll be happy.Anyone who thinks Canter's pastrami sandwich is better doesn't know their ass from their elbow.  The pastrami as well as their rye is really that good.  Coming from someone who grew up in a town with real deli food (Chicago).WOW! It was even better than my expectations and they were high. Everything was excellent, the pastrami, the rye, the sourkraut, the pickle, and cole slaw. I had grilled with sourkraut, my husband had plain. Both were great, but I thought his was a bit dry. My was awesome. I totally understand why this place is so famous. It is a must try!!!!Are you kidding? This is possibly the best pastrami sandwich on the planet. The meat melts in your mouth--it's unreal. I keep meaning to order something else on the menu, but haven't had the chance. Worth the trip. Just go.This place is near and dear to my heart.  The #19 is a god among sandwiches.  If you say otherwise (you know who you are), I'll fight you.  And you'll probably win, but you're still wrong about the sandwich.ok im gonna chime in here too...langers is the type of institution that makes a city truly great.one time, in the name of anthropological culinary research i had a #19 at langers, then the next day flew to new york and ate at katz's and second avenue deli (rip). result: langers reigns supreme!note: its also convenient if you want to score crack or a green card or get some cheap medical work done....Overpriced and overhyped.Langer's is one of my favorite lunch spots in LA.  I go here 3-4 times a month with my classmates at Loyola Law which is about a half mile away from Langer's.  We only need about an hour to drive to Langer's, park at the lot on 7th and Westlake, grab a bite, validate our parking and head back to school.  Even though we go during the lunch rush, we have never had to wait longer than a couple minutes for a table.  Even if we had to,  the food here is worth it.  My favorite is the #10 Pastrami on Rye with Swiss and Russian Dressing.  SO GOOD!  The pastrami here is seriously amazing.  Thick slices of tender, moist, flavorful meat on soft rye bread with the perfect touch of Russian dressing and cheese.  I was never a fan of coleslaw, but if you like it on your sandwich, go with the #19.  Try it!i don't think i can even try to estimate the number of times that i've gone through this intersection of 7th and Alvarado, in the heart of Los Angeles where i've pretty much lived my whole life (i was born in a hospital just north of the 101, not 10 minutes from here).  and even after all these years, i've never heard of Langer's until i read someone else's review here on yelp.  pastrami?  i'm there!so i found street parking at a meter that was broken and not taking any coins.  i decided to run inside and take my food to go.  as soon as i walked in, i saw the sign that said #19 was the most popular item they had, but i still wanted to see the menu.  but you know what....let's not make this complicated, "i'll have a number nineteen, please, to go."so she said, "pastramionryewithswissandcoleslawwithrussiandress­ing?""huh?  oh.  yes.  thank you."after waiting about 6 or 7 minutes, a gentleman came around the counter and handed me my bag.  i walked to my car and started driving towards my office, but then i thought, this is a hot sandwich, which would probably get soggy if i leave it too long.  so after about 5 blocks i pulled over into a side street under a nice shady tree.  for a brief moment i was extra happy because i thought they gave me a peppermint AND a mini Hershey bar, but it turned out to be a wetnap wrapped in brown plastic -__-i unwrapped my sandwich and took a bite.  WOW.  all at once, everything seemed very familiar, yet deliciously new.  the rye bread has a hard crust that could possibly crack your teeth if you bite into it at the right angle (in a good, crusty way), yet the inside was soft like a tasty rye bread cloud, accompanied by wonderful flavor.  the Swiss cheese and coleslaw are lightly warmed up by the pastrami and the Russian dressing melded together with everything so well, i couldn't pinpoint what the dressing tasted like by itself.  i've never had Russian dressing before.  this sandwich totally blew any expectations i had out of the water!sure this sandwich was over $13 and just about the most expensive sandwich i've had....ever?  but it was worth every single penny to me.  this is NOT one of those, "yea it's pretty good but i'd go ONCE in a while" places.  this is more of a "can i marry #19?"if you've ever wondered how good a restaurant has to be to have the intersection outside named after you, go to Langer's, which--i found out today, is adjacent to Langer's Square.i'm not going to say it was "good".  to say it was "good" would be derogatory.  this sandwich was...hmmm....MAGICAL.  yea that's the word.They hype is real. While I think their pastrami isn't quite as good as Katz's their russian sauce is notably excellent and really ties the sandwich together.I've been living in Los Angeles all my life and recently heard of Langer's 60th anniversary coming up. It was featured on the KTLA morning show and they delivered food to the anchors. I saw little Jessica Holmes casually bite into a Number 19 and then saw her double take at the sandwich she was masticating on, and it was followed with "Oh My God!". Well, as I watched her expression, I already knew I had to to try THAT sandwich. They were all eating and the wows were making my mouth water at 8am. Well, I decided to go that evening only to find they close at 4pm, so I made it a point to go the following day. I found on the web site that they offer curb side pickup, so how effing great is that? Five minutes before my arrival, I call and order a number 19. They told me the total asked how I'll be paying so they have the change ready, and asked for my car description. I arrive, a guy walks out with a bag, change for a 20, and I was off. Awesome. All I had to worry about from this point was dodging gun fire and hope I'm not tempted to enter a store with a sign in the window claiming "NOTHING OVER 99cents AND UP". If only someone could back a huge truck up, load Langer's on it and set it back down somewhere towards Hollywood, like, um, in place of Canters is fine with me, then I would be happier.Now for the food. I can't speak for the place since I never went in, but when I bit into the sandwich, I had my own "oh my God moment" Where does that flavor come from? The rye is incredibly soft and flavorful, with a thin and tough crust that puts this in the top breads I've had ever. Overall, its probably the best sandwich in all of Los Angeles. They know how to make a sandwich and the pastrami is fantastic. If I could give 6 stars for the place I would. Being adjacent to Macarthurs Park, its not the best area, but who cares? Its worth it. Also, there is a Red Line station right there if you want to dodge traffic.Had to lower my stars because they have really awful frozen fries. And they're crinkle cut. Who does that anymore?! They are obviously frozen and come out very lightly done... not crispy. I just can't give a place 4 stars if they have fries like this. You'll do fine with the pastrami but if you don't eat pastrami, there isn't really enough good reason to come down. It is by far the grossest neighborhood I have ever seen in my life, besides certain areas in Tijuana. Sweet old place but I don't need to go back for 5 years.I was craving a reuben and Langer's is the closest to me.  I used their drive-by service which was a cool idea because you don't have to get out of your car.  Just call in your order, tell them what car you'll be in, drive up along the curb and someone will bring out your order.  However, on a busy day you will be circling the block a few times before a spot opens up.The sandwich was good enough to fix a craving, but kind of small for what you are paying for.  I'm used to the new york style where there is just a mountain of meat.  The matzo ball soup was very good though.Okay, so I had to give them the 5 stars they deserved because I seriously had cravings for their sandwich ever since this review. I compromised and split the #19 this time and must have said, "Mmm mmm mmm..." at least 5 times while eating the sandwich. That has to stand for something. :)I don't really eat pastrami, though my boyfriend swears theirs is divine (I've sampled a bite here and there and I can't disagree).  What I'd like to tell you about is the smoked whitefish.  Wonderful, moist, and with great accompaniments.  Exactly what you would expect from a NY deli.  Langer's does not disappoint.  Even if you aren't a pastrami eater.The sandwhich is good but it's over priced and its small. For the area of town it's in and for what u get go to Coles or all about the bread ,Mendincino farmsI have never had a more delicious tuna melt in my life.  It was SO freakin good.  The fries were good too.  It was a tad bit expensive for just a melt & fries though.Hands down, this is the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had in my life!  I ordered the Pastrami and Swiss Cheese after hearing about how good their pastrami sandwiches are.  At first I thought it would be all hype.  Not only did it live up to its expectations, but it blew it away.  After this, I don't think I'll ever enjoy any other pastrami sandwiches (including The Hat) ever again.My favorite business in McArthur Park. Wasted Oppulent corridor laced remants mingling with Modern migrations. The Lake. The People. Its calmed down since the day's Narco's hustled side by side with the fake document sellers. Or the random body fished from the waters. The jumps. The dives. Hey it is Rampart. There's a reason Langer's offers curbside service. Which Ive done, but mostly is a quick validated park, one block east, and a wonderful walk to known quantities. If you listen you'll hear an cacophony of sounds, all senses primed to enter a parqueted booth. For me it's simple, #19, (House specialty), Lean, mean Pastrami, basked on home baked Rye, Nippy American Cheese, please, and topped with crunchy cole slaw.Add some Thousand Island dressing, And you've got on of the best sandwiches in the world. Have a cup of Red Cabbage Soup, to aid digestion. Of Course Cream Soda. Which they refill.It's a handfull. but perfect.Langer's is a Deli, and they offer Breakfast, Other lunches, Entree's, Desserts, but I come her for Just one piece of foodie perfectionAnd I love the environment. The Smells. The sights.love to listen here.EnjoyI was never a big pastrami eater, but after trying it at Langer's, I actually like the meat now; however, I've tried it at numerous other places and nothing quite compares to Langer's.  The turkey/pastrami mix sandwich is phenomenal.Occasion: Lunch with friends visiting from UCSD What I Had: #19 Hot Pastrami ($14.45 and worth every cent)Hot brownie a la mode  French fries Food Review: This sandwich shut me up. It shut us all up. We were all so busy gorging on the round of hot pastrami sandwiches that we barely conversed over lunch and the few words we got out in between bites referred to how our minds were being blown by the sandwich. I have never tasted such a wholly great pastrami sandwich in my life, down to every detail. I don't know if they make the rye bread themselves but it was amazing: crunchy crust, soft and fragrant bread on the inside, but strong enough to hold the sandwich together. The sandwich includes pastrami, swiss cheese, and cole slaw with Russian Style dressing. The pastrami was fabulous. Also, I usually am not partial to cole slaw thanks to KFC, but this cole slaw was so fresh and not dripping with watery mayo. The hot brownie was awesome, too: steaming hot inside and out, with fudge sauce drizzled on top. It was gigantic, so all 10 of us shared. Totally hit the spot after our salty sandwiches. Service Review: Our waiter was awesome. He offered to take group pictures for us (he gets brownie points from me). Venue Review: There is plenty of seating in the restaurant, both tables and booths, and we were surprised to have a 0 minute wait even on a Saturday afternoon (although it was a little after regular lunch hours). There is metered street parking available. Overall Impression: Hands down greatest pastrami sandwich I've ever had. Fries were average, hot brownie was good. I'd come back here for their pastrami sandwich again for sure (chicas, splitting the sandwich with a friend might be a good idea since it's kind of big). I'm a fan!Simply the BEST pastrami in LA! I've only had the pastrami so I can't say much about the other menu items, but the crowds at this place speaks for itself! I love the thick cut pastrami and, of course a good side of french fries. The rye bread is perfection and the addition of the cole slaw makes it memorable! Service is always quick and friendly, and they always get us out of there in a timely manner, especially during the lunch rush. I love coming here an it beats the Hat hands down!!The holy grail. The one and only Langer's. If you have never tried it, I urge everyone, even vegetarians, to order a pastrami on rye or a corned beef on rye. The number 19 is great, but it is best in my opinion to have it plain with a little mustard the first time. To truly taste the simple bliss that is a Langer's sandwich. Then you can go for a walk in beautiful McArthur Park. Ha.Read the reviews, had to try and I agree....#19 was amazing, likely the best Pastrami I have ever had before and yes I eat at The Hat often. Go try this place...good service too...Warning: not open after 4pmThe pastrami is delicious, lots of fat, warm, yummy, excellent.  Number 19! This is it. Order it. Eat it. Love it. The best pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles. It is a bit of a  a cliche because Langer's is that good.I had the pastrami, of course, and it was good.  I wasn't a huge fan of the pickle.  $15 for a sandwich though, no sides?  I spent $25 for sandwich, drink and tip. Not sure that is justified.  Not to mention the neighborhood and parking is sketchy.  Some homeless lady urinating on the sidewalk right in the middle of the day.  The sandwich is just not worth the trip and cost.would like to go back and try more items before really locking in an overall rating, but at my first visit to this famed "best pastrami in LA" landmark i, of course, tried/shared 2 different pastrami offerings... the #19 (Pastrami/rye/swiss/russian/cold slaw) and the #10 (pastrami/swiss/russian/rye).  as advertised both were awesome.  you don't get the piled-so-high you can't take a bite out of the sandwich without disassembling it presentation as you do at most traditional delis, but what they lacked in portion size it more than makes up for in flavor (which causes one to question the adage "does size really matter..."bottom line... they serve some seriously righteous meat here... juicy, super-flavorful without being too salty, touch of smoke....  sliced thick...  really, really good sandwiches.  they don't come cheap, though... both sandwiches together put us back about $25 total, but that is commensurate with (if not a little cheaper than) what similar sandwiches will cost you at most of the high-end delis in LA.we also had the chicken noodle soup... maybe i should have gotten the soup with matzo ball instead.  the noddles really added nothing to the experience and the broth was not nearly as spectacular as the pastrami, but then again soup isn't their signature dish here.  that said, it was more than adequate and compares favorably to what you get at most deli's in town.Langer's is definitely a place to make a point to try at least once (i know i'll be going back...).Ok I must say it's tasty.  I got the pastrami.  It's crunchiness really made a huge difference in this gigantic sandwich.  But I didn't like the area.  I did the curb-side pick up, which is convenient due to lack of parking (even in their lot a blk away), but I had to circle around twice.  I think it's like $15 for the sandwich... pretty hefty!About to head down to Langer's again. Taking some out of town guests to this LA institution and I wanted to send the yelp link over to them in anticipation. As I read through the reviews, I was disappointed to read some from incredibly prissy diners. The complaints about the area smacked of ignorance and elitism. No, it ain't my neighborhood but the fear some people described - ". . .you'll either need a concealed carry permit or at least a can of mace to feel safe while walking from your street-parked car to the restaurant." is mind boggling. That description may have fit the neighborhood in the eighties. . . AT NIGHT but it's completely false now.I don't want to beat a dead horse, just suffice it to say: if you've got only a modest amount of adventure in your soul and you like cities and diversity, there's nothing the least frightening about this neighborhood. Families with carriages and little shops abound. MacArthur Park is across the street. It's no longer a den of drug dealers so enjoy the view and relax.As for the restaurant, Langers is a throwback. Great food that doesn't pretend to be something it's not. It's a specific type of deli and it serves just the kind of food you'd expect to find there. The pastrami is heavenly and the rye bread is perfect. Combine that with the cole slaw and russian dressing. . . out of this world. I've eaten a lot of pastrami, in LA and NY and this is by far the best I've had.Langers is famous beyond Los Angeles and even New Yorkers rave about it. The decor does look like it's straight out of the '60s but if it's been around that long then they have some magic potion they've used to keep everything in perfect shape. It looks as though everything's been recently reupholstered. And grimy, as one reviewer complained, where does he eat, hospitals? Langers is perfectly clean and has character. It's not everyone's thing, fine, but don't trash the place with outright fabrications.Yes, it's expensive for a sandwich but GREAT pastrami is expensive everywhere and the big, famous New York delis aren't a penny cheaper. . . in fact they're more expensive.I know this has turned into a bit of a rant but some of the comments about the restaurant and, even more, the surrounding area, are more than a little offensive.In short, if you like delis and want a great deli experience, give Langers a shot. You won't be disappointed.Heard about Langer's from my brother who heard about it from Food Network, so we took the 25-min drive to test it out.  Taking the advice of all the yelpers in LA, my brother and I both ordered the #19 without a second thought, and although it comes out to $16 even with take-out, it was definitely worth it. At first, I was expecting it to be other-worldly, and after my first bite, I thought, "this is good, but what's the big deal?"  However as I continued to plow through the pastrami sandwich, it just grew on me, and even now, after just having Father's Office's Office Burger, I want another bite of the Langer #19.  The pastrami itself is so authentic and just tender-goodness.  The coleslaw, although I don't normally enjoy coleslaw, perfectly complemented the pastrami.  However, the kicker was the bread.  I don't know why (i'm not a culinary expert), but the rye bread just makes it 10x better than it would be without it.  I'm surprised to say that because I was just expecting the pastrami to be wonderful, but really, this sandwich is about the whole package, and let's just say the whole package is 100% perfect.  However, since I AM a college student without a job and it's a good 20 minutes away without traffic, I probably wouldn't come again unless on a special occasion, but i would OH-so be looking forward to it.At first glance you would think this place would be an old school diner...complete with thick old style coffee cups and elderly waitresses with a side of deli in the corner.  Very different setup.  Menu, waitress and table top advertisements were very straight forward and extremely easy and helpful.  NOW the important part...the pastramiwe ordered 3 different types so we could ala carte as usual.  The breads (rye & french roll) we both fresh and a perfect compliment, enveloping all that pastrami goodness.  One had nippy (i'm half asian and that's what it's really called...so relax) cheese and sourkrout...perfect balance!  Mine was a straight forward pastrami on a french roll with au jus sauce...magic!  another was a coleslaw on pastrami variety (most popular) which was good but maybe a little much on the coleslaw, however, the meat popped with the addition of my au jus...nice!All in all, Langers was a pleasure from door to door.  A lil pricey for a sandwich ($50 bill for 3 sandwiches and order of fries) but still didn't take away the perma-grin on our faces.Great place for a serious pastrami craving!!!Best Pastrami sandwich in LA that I've had so far.  Way better than Canter's.  And better than Greenblatt's. #19 Toasted. Delicious.  And you have extra for later :) Wish they had a better location, but like the diner feel that you don't really get on the West Coast.As a pastrami fan, this might be one of the best I've had. The Russian dressing compliments the sandwich so well, it makes for a satisfying, balanced, and savory meal. It's a little pricier than I cared for, but that is often the case with the huge sandwiches you get at classic old-fashioned delis. Parking in the area can be difficult, but thankfully they have a designated lot a block away. Overall, it's a solid spot, even if it's not quite worth what you pay.the number 19 was good.but not GREAT.i was expecting GREAT from all the reviews.i guess i'm more of a fan of the greasy oily pastrami. aka the HAT.but it's like eating a piece of history since this is a landmark restaurant so i guess i'll give it a 4.i love all things landmark. :)world famous. Now I know why. You won't find a pastrami sandwich anywhere else in the world for 16.00, especially with no sides and/or drink. I always used to wonder when ESPN would give out 107 dollar gift cards to here why it was for so much, how can you spend that much at a deli? you can eat cheaper at Disneyland or a dodger game! And those pl;aces are high!I don't get the hype. Sorry. I was pretty disappointed. Not my type of place. The pastrami was ok but nothing out of the ordinary. Plus I think it was pricey.Best pastrami sandwich hands down! Thick sliced strami with fresh home made rye bread. Well worth the $15 price tag. Southern California's best pastrami!!!!Okay, I know I am going to get a lot of flack which I already have from friends. But, two words. for Langers....OVERPRICED AND OVER-RATED. Two sandwiches + 1 cup of coffe + tip =$42. My sandwich was soaked with russian dressing and the meat was lacking at best. What I can taste and see the meat was hand-carved and the meat texture was thick but lacking in natural juices. Perhaps that's why they put down 1/2 cup of russian dressing. For $14.95, I was expecting a pound of Pastrami, like in NY deli, or The Hat. I know most will say its not the same style or quality. I do agree that The Meat quality is better at Langers but the sandwich also cost twice as much. I was just terribly disappointed from the sandwich. I was just expecting so much more, the service was slow and came with a hint of attitude as well.In my honest opinion, the sandwich is only worth about $8 and I will take Phillips anyday over this $15 sandwich.......its simply over-priced and over-rated.Meat!!  This is THE best pastrami sandwich you will ever eat, guaranteed!  Order it "lean for the money", and they'll hand-trim all the excess fat from it.  It takes out all the guilt, but leaves all the flavor right in there!"Yummy yummy yummy, I got love in my tummy" is the tune that I sing after eating at Langer's. Believe the hype, the pastrami sandwich is pretty amazing. Not as huge as some other delis I've been to, but still a good size. My friend and I shared a sandwich and potato salad and it was enough to fill the both of us up. Rye bread was tasty as well. Park in the Langer's parking lot about a block away - make sure to get validated before you leave.What is there left to say that hasn't already been said. A #19 would be my last meal. Best pastrami in the country. I've started a Langer's Deli Appreciation Society on Facebook, that's how much of a convert I am.GREAT Pastrami... fantastic really... The Matzo Ball soup was just okay. Tasty for a restaurant but nothing compared to homemade soup from someone that knows what they're doing (a Jew for instance)... Although I must say, I'm a Jew and I can't cook matzo ball soup at all... so maybe a non Jew could cook me a good bowl...When my fiance said he'd take me to one of the best Pastrami places in town (as we were in DTLA), I was super excited...then as we got closer, I was a bit scared.  The place was located across the street from McArthur park and the parking lot for the restaurant is about a block away.  I felt like I was walking through tiajuana to get to the deli....ok...i'm exaggerating a bit but give me a break...I'm from the OC area.  Clutching my purse tightly in one hand and my fiance's arm with the other, I carefully stepped over the piles of trash and finally reached my destination after breathing through my mouth to avoid smelling the foul ordors coming from the side allys. My fear was quickly overcome by the incredible combination of flavors their famous #19 brought.  I'm not a big fan of rye bread nor swiss cheese....as matter of fact, i'm not a big fan of pastrami.  But wow....no wonder people rave about their pastrami combos.  We also had the chili cheese fries...yummm.Definitely coming back....oh btw- they close at 4pm everyday.  Make it there early but avoid lunch rush...line is out the door from what I hear.I love this place.  Been going to Langer's Deli since ...well...since a long time. The location is the real L.A..  There is nothing to fear but fear itself so get off your safe in the west side tushies and find the nads and the change to take the subway....Have'nt taken our subway yet?   Here is your perfect opportunity.  Buy tickets for something at the Pantages (or if you are willing to walk a few blocks the ArcLight)...go there early and park your car...go down the escalator across from the Pantages..., buy a pass...and get on the train that goes to 'GRAND CENTRAL"...but you dont go all the way to Grand Central!!...instead, get off at MacArthur Park.  Langers is about 50 yards to the left of the exit from the MacArthur Park station.  The Pastrami is incredible, as is the bread it is wrapped in.  You can buy your maid a green card on the short walk from the station to the restaurant (ask anyone for El Perito Verde and wink your right eye twice...).  One Way Public Transit Travel Time? excluding Fake ID purchase....7 Minutes.  And you will be able to thrill your friends with your tales of daring do.  Oh...And don't be flashing your IPhone around too much on the train.  6 bills is actually on the radar and "Money" for we the peoples.  Try to blend.All kidding aside....do it.  It is a repeatable and reliable adventure.  Sometimes the journey IS the sandwich.  Bite it.I'm new to yelp, so i figured i get started with a home run review.Langer's is the bomb.  NO. 19.  I have recomended their pastrami sandwich to numerous friends, and hyped it up as much as possible everytime, and never an unsatisfied customer.Simply, the best pastrami sandwich.  Remember to add the dijon mustards as well.This is the best pastrami place in LA.....hands down!  You gotta get the pastrami on rye though.  I'm assuming they have other things on the menu, but who cares...they do pastrami and they do it well.  The sandwich literally melts in your mouth.  And they even give you an individually wrapped pickle for post meal.  I would phone ahead and just pick it up curbside.  Basically you order over the phone and when you arrive outside, just call them and they'll send somebody over to your car with your order.  They even ask you how much you're bringing in cash so they can prepare your change before hand.  It's painless.  It'll come out to about $15 for a sandwich and drink.I wouldn't knock off a star for price because first of all $15 is not that expensive for a sizable sandwich and second, would you expect something this good to be cheap.......the answer is no.By far the best pastrami sandwhich ever. Must have been here a dozen times and always order #19. Never disappoints. Parking is easy in there private lot.Okay, so I've lived by Langers for the last 5 months and have meant to try this infamous place--but whenever I craved a sandwich it was always on Sundays, which is when it's closed. But today, I strolled over and ordered the #10 with their fries to go.  It was pastrami with swiss and russian dressing on rye bread.  Total, was $17 bucks and the wait wasn't long.  If you are in a hurry, you can call ahead and do their curbside service.  Although it was more money than I'm use to spending for sandwiches, I size and overall deliciousness of my food was worth every penny!  It even came with two large pickles.  Really, one of the best pastrami sandwiches or just sandwiches in general that I've ever had.  It was too much food for me---not a common occurrence for me-- so I saved 90% of the fries and couldn't eat anything else for the next 9 hours.  All people must experience Langers.We had to check this place out before Food Network aired their good review! It's like stepping back to the early 80's for me since that's as far back as I remember. Great table service deli/resturant! I was pleasantly surprised at their quality meats, breads, homemade pickles, chili, and even the cheeses! You can really taste the difference by paying just a little more for this place but it's well worth it. The service is a little tired. They look tired and they are ho-hum but it's alright, I'd be tired too if I had to be a waitress at a busy-busy place.After trying to catch this place for months since it closes so freakin early, my Bf and I called in our order  and requested their handy curbside service. I waited for 20 seconds and then a very friendly man brought out our order and we were on our way. I had the fabulous corned beef with sauerkraut sandwich on rye and my Bf had the famous pastrami with coleslaw. My sandwich was so flavorful, the meat was tender and nicely trimmed, the sauerkraut was so good and I usually don't really like sauerkraut. The "icing on the cake" so to speak were the freshly pickled pickles. Even though the prices were steep, the sandwiches were about 10-13 dollars each, I will go back there often.#19 Best pastrami sandwich ever!!!!!  I've had my share of pastrami sandwiches and none of them comes close to how good this one is.  The thick juicy cuts of pastrami just overflowing out of the two pices of rye bread is very intimidating.  The chili cheese fries is the prefect compliment for the perfect pastrami sandwich.  Yes the price are high but thats what you have to pay for the perfect pastrami sandwich.Pastrami was delicious but serving was small for price compared to other LA Delis.The best deli sandwich you can get in Los Angeles. This is the place to go if you're very sad or having a bad day. Their #19 will make everything better. I promise. Just go before they close at 4pm.Langers is good eats.  Parking is a little sketchy at best.  I have been told that it is not Kosher; however, Kosher style.  I am a HUGE fan of the Russian Dressing though.Oh my G-d this place is amazing.  I lived in NY and I've had 2nd Ave Deli and Katz's, and this place blows them both out of the water.  The pastrami is like candy.  That's all there is to it.  Whether you go with the Reuben or the French Dip or the # whatever, you are in for the best pastrami sandwich you have ever eaten.  Located in an area that most Jews would never dream of going, this place is packed every day, for damn good reason.  This is now the first place out of my mouth when people ask where they should eat in LA.The best pastrami sandwich in LA.  Rye bread that is cripy on the edge and soft in the middle.  The russian dressing is superb made on site and that right amount of fat and tasty partrami is trully the best.  The hood is isn't that bad, nobody's in your face.  Eat the number 19 and fall in love.Thick juicy hunks of preserved meats in between rye.  Delicous.  Vanilla Creme soda, heavenly.  Putting the coleslaw IN the sandwich, genius. The neighborhood makes me want to hire the secret service as an escort.Hands down best pastrami ever. Nothing else comes close and that includes places like Jerry's and Canters...if you're looking for an authentic pastrami sandwich in the west coast, you've just found it.  this delicatessen is the real thing.  okay, it's a little expensive for a sandwich but it's well worth it.  all i can say is #44 - hot pastrami, sauerkraut and nippy cheese grilled on rye is excellent.i give it 4 stars due to the fact that their hours suck.  because the neighborhood has changed over the 60 years, the deli closes at 4pm, which makes it inconvenient when you work in west l.a.I could talk about the pastrami like every other reviewer did, but I won't. We know its good. Leave it at that. So why 3 stars? I usually end up paying about 15-20 bucks when I eat here. I'm sorry, but anything that comes in sandwich form should not warrant such an expense. When times are tough like now, we become very aware that 20 bucks can buy enough groceries for a week. I'm a foodie, but paying this much for a delicious pastrami sandwich is not cool.best pastrami and best tuna melt ever!   Only problem with this place?  It closes at 4pm but you don't really want to be in this area past that time anyway.#19....WOW. Just try it...you'll go back for moreWhat the heck? $15 dollar sandwich. You guys are crazy. The most I've ever spent on a deli sandwich is $11. And when I actually spent $15 on a sandwich, there was crab meat in it! But I do give them props because the pastrami is pretty darn good. And I'm not really a big fan of pastrami, I like my deli roast beef. I liked that the sandwich had cole slaw in it. It was different, and better than just adding a slice of lettuce in it. But I think they could have used better bread..just saying. I'll probably never come back because it's so darn expensive.This place is so popular I've been wanting to try it for quite some time but just never seemed to make the time. I had lunch there today with my boyfriend and we both really enjoyed it and will definitely return. I do have to admit that I was a bit taken aback by the prices (about $15 for most of their sandwiches,and the breakfast plates seem to hover in the $11-12 range). We came during Friday lunch hour (about 1pm) and there was a line to be seated, so I was looking at the menu hung in the window. Aside from the price though, the sandwich was quite good. We had to try the #19, which was large enough to split between the two of us, and a side of fries. The 19 comes with swiss cheese, Russian dressing, coleslaw and hot pastrami on rye bread.  I loved the cut of the pastrami--it's thicker than any other pastrami I've had and was delicious. Also, I really can't understand how people complain about the bread. It was soft but nicely toasted on the edges, and warm. The sandwich had a generous portion of meat and coleslaw so the taste of the cheese did get a bit lost. I think I'd like to try the hot pastrami with sauerkraut because I tend to prefer tangy and spicy dishes over sweeter ones like coleslaw. But that's my own preference. It came with a nice crunchy pickle on the side. The fries are crinkle cut (I like crinkle cut but if you don't be forewarned) and weren't too greasy. The portion was big enough for us to share and have some leftover. Some other notes:Despite the line, we were seated in about 15 minutes. We decided what we wanted in under 5 minutes, ordered, and were eating within the next 10 minutes. So if you're hungry, don't get discouraged by the line--once you get in you'll be fed quickly!Apparently their free-with-validation lot can fill up, but if you are able to get a space, park there. Otherwise, there are meters on the streets surrounding the restaurant. I read other reviews about the "sketchy" neighborhood that I find amusing. I guess people unfamiliar with the area might find it to be sketchy, but the area doesn't bother me at all.I visited there to have lunch. Fortunately, I did not wait for a long time. People were kind.But the food... worst deli food ever I had.I tried pastrami and corned beef reuben with russian dressing.Rye bread: super hard and tough. Hard enough to hurt roof of my mouth for the first bite.Pastrami and corned beef: I love to eat pastrami and corned beef... but this one was too dry.Russian dressing: Great. Dressing was good at least.For me, Langer's was over rated over priced deli.Is it just my bad luck? or is it normal here?I went to New York recently and I didn't go to Katz Deli. I don't know what I was thinking. Luckily LA has Langer's! Okay, let me preface this review with the fact that I am definitely not a pastrami expert, but I DO LOVE sandwiches. WIth that said, I got the #19 (pastrami, swiss, coleslaw with Russian style dressing on rye) a few days ago and I'm still daydreaming about it. I don't like coleslaw OR rye bread in general but I darn well enjoyed that sandwich. The pastrami was soooo good, and they give you a generous portion--tender, flavorful. To me a good sandwich is one where even if you dislike any component of it (like say, how I don't like coleslaw), you're still able to appreciate why it's in the sandwich -- they all just work together to make the perfect product. THIS WAS IT. So darn good that I don't mind shelling out $15 for a medium sized sandwich (real hefty on the meat though). And everyone in there is so nice and gives me a comforting, homey feeling which I LOVE. Oh and parking tip: Langer's validates for free if you park at their lot on 7th and Westlake! Don't waste your time circling for street parking, unless you get lucky of courseI just had me some breakfast at 2p.m.  Just the right stuff as always.  Can't beat the price or the food quality of this place.  The service is old.  Old fashioned, great sandwiches, quick lunches, and main dish favorites are also good.  Grew up in the neighborhood with it, and gee golly wiz, 27 years later, were still here!!pastrami is my "go to" sandwich.  i sweat pastrami. and if the pastrami they serve here came in a 24oz pastrami steak form, i'd eat it... and believe you me, i'd eat it good. seriously though, the meat is soooo tender and flavorful.  if i had dentures, i could probably take them out and still be able to eat the meat, that's how tender it was.Oy, the pastrami sandwiches are super tasty and filling but it makes me feel like a beached whale for the remainder of the day.  Still, it's an LA institution, so you gotta try it if you live here.Best pastrami ever!  I was not a huge fan of pastrami until I came here and tried the #19.  Although I've had the pastrami french dip, I can't get away from the perfect combination of russian dressing and cole slaw (both of which I am not a fan but Langer's makes it work!) and the most tender meat.  Parking is validated at a lot a block away, and eating at the bar is always a good option if there's a line outside the door.  Try it!  You won't regret it.#19 Pastrami Sandwich w/ the Rye Bread and Russian Dressing. Sex in the mouth. Langer's over Bay Cities any day of the week.THE BEST SANDWICH IN THE WORLD!Get the #19 and their home brewed Cream Soda. Thank me when you're done.I used to live right down the street from Langers, but didnt have a chance to try the place out for the longest time...they only open till 4, so its very inconvenient for people who work a 9-5 job. their pastrami is pretty darn good...but not nearly $14 dollars good. a comprable pastrami sandwich can be found for $7-$8 elsewhere.After all the good reviews of Langer's Deli, I can only say I came and tried the no. 19 pastrami sandwich and was pleased I did.  I stayed a little while after eating and read one of the deli books by the cash register and learned that the seasonings for the beef brisket were the same as the ones used in eastern european delis. The meat is cut thick, not thin, and is fresh and tender. The rye bread is made in house and is very good. I will return to try their other sandwiches and dishes. Thank you, Ron.#19. Do it.Okay so everyone is raving about the pastrami, and rightfully so but no one has mentioned the absolute best thing on the menu, the reason for going.  I am talking about the apple pie.  Homemade, fresh apple pie with a warm brandy sauce topped with ice cream.  Oh my goodness, it's to die for.  Order that and a sandwich and you won't eat for days but boy will you be in heaven.It's been years since I left L.A. and I needed to visit a Jewish Deli.   Our choice of Langer's was the right choice   The #19 was the best Pastrami sandwich I have had...piled high with pastrami (not much fat), coleslaw and Russian dressing.  We shared at the table a corn beef sandwich as well, it was very good, but get the pastrami.  Langer's is must stop for us the next time we are in L.A.   We arrived just before noon and were able to be seated in a few minutes, when we left about an hour later the wait was a half an hour or more.I order the half pastrami on rye and coleslaw.  I was little hesistant to get it on rye bread not being a fan of rye bread.  My order arrived and it was music to my mouth....the pastrami was was lean with just the right amount of fat.  I was in heaven.  If you are looking for a good pastrami head to Langers .  The area is very sketchy but the trip will be worth it.this puts all delis to shame. sure its expensive, but when you take your first bite, it takes you to the happy place.first let  me qualify. when i go to a deli, i never ever never never order pastrami sandwiches. they are always too meaty, too heavy, too greasy, too chewy, too tough, and mostly they give me meat headaches shortly afterwards. This is the exception to all pastrami sandwiches. This one is tender, tasty, with awesome coleslaw filling, and the rye bread just perfectly meshes to flavor perfection. They give you two huge pieces, not overfilled with meat, and pickles that really balance the meal out.You haven't had a pastrami sandwich, until you've had one here. It is truly an experience, even better than Phillipe's or Harry's or any other deli. Truly culinary art.The best pastrami ever..... sorry Katz's! This place is like a well oiled machine, Workers looking like secret service agents guide you in during the lunch rush. Everyone is friendly and fast. The place is a madhouse , but the food and service is first rate!!  The best pastrami on rye #19 with cole slaw!!I was never a pastrami fan. BUT I LOVE theirs. How on earth does a thick slice of pastrami literally MELT away without one bit of chewing effort. I'm so glad I live far away. BEST Pastrami sandwich hands down. (no disrespect Canters).im sooo sorry i been here a million times could have sworn i posted a review.  What can you say... I loveeeeeeeee this place.  Excellent customer service being that they been doing it for over 60 yrs in los angeles.  When im jonesing for a hot corn beef sandwich, no matter where im at, i always think of this place first and last.  If you like corn beef or a hot pastrami you gotta come here, get in line and wait to be seated then chow your self to heaven....I know Langer's is known for their Pastrami sandwiches but I ordered the Tuna Salad Sandwich instead, I just wasn't in a meaty mood that day. I however was able to have a bite of the BF's sandwich and their pastrami is superb! Very tender, flavorful, and delish; the coleslaw in the sandwich gave it a nice crunch with all the chewiness within the meat - definitely a nice combination. Oh,and their Chicken Noodle Soup is to die for, it had a lot of noodles and the flavor of the soup was yum!MacArthur Park was family friendly when I first experienced Langer's, my all time favorite Deli.  What everyone says about the #19, the ambiance and the wait staff is absolutely true.  My fave?  Lox & Cream Cheese on a Bagel.  Nobody does it better.Ok. I don't like coleslaw, I don't like rye and I don't like Russian dressing.  But you can't go to Langers and NOT try the #19, right???  So I did.  And although I still don't like coleslaw, rye bread or russian dressing, I heart the #19.I came here with a couple of friends and we all ordered a breakfast dish.  I thought the food was just okay, but then again, I'm not a big fan of pastrami and that type of meat.  The downside to Langers would definitely be parking, the wait, and the service seemed pretty rushed too (maybe because they're very busy).Straight up, I'm here for the pastrami. No, not the #19. I don't want anything coming between me and that house made heaven. Sure, I like a healthy amount of mustard (yellow, not brown) and a good rye bread. Langer's wins on all counts. The pastrami is the second best I've ever had (sorry, but to my taste buds, Katz's wins) and the rye bread is indeed amazing. That crispy, crunchy crust is incredible. Washed it down with an egg creme. Love this place. Will come again next time I'm in LA.langers is an institution. you show me a restaurant in los angeles that's been around for 61 years and I'll show you one damn fine deli.first off, we always go for breakfast... but that doesn't preclude you from indulging in the best, thick cut pastrami that you've ever seen fall apart on your fork. in fact, it's pretty freakin' luxurious to have pastrami breakfast.and what digs! lost in time. if you've got a group of 8? no problem! the little dividers in the center booths DROP DOWN so it feels as if everyone is at the same table. genius. by the by, the hands-down best waitress in town is Caroline. you have no idea. topped up waters and coffees and check ins. it's like heaven. and they have pickles and breads for sale. old school. i love diners and they do it right, i just love this place.i finally had a chance to eat here. this place closes too early and now i know why. it's not the greatest of neighborhoods. while we were looking for parking, we got hit up by two ppl asking if we wanted some fake IDs. no thx. langers parking is one block away. get it validated and it should be free.we ordered the famous #19 pastrami with coleslaw and the beef brisket french dip with gravy. *jaw drop*. both were so good. pastrami meat was tender and sliced thick. my beef brisket was also juicy and the bread was so good. it melted each time i dipped it in the gravy. the gravy is on the saltier side so i did quick dips. and usually i don't like rye bread but the one that came with #19 was superb! this place definitely lives up to the hype. i wanna go again! oh and we got a side of crinkled french fries. yum.sandwich prices are steep but so worth it. it's big! i took half of mine home for dinner.on wednesday, in the spirit of st. patty's day, bf and i decided to try out langer's. i ordered curbside take-out of the #19 and #88 and a side of fries.picking up my order was super easy and took just a few seconds. i made a right off alvarado and pulled over alongside the firelane. someone came out within 2 seconds and swiped my CC. grabbed bf and we headed over to ladera park, which is right by his work, to eat our sandwiches, picnic style. YUM. the pastrami really does melt in your mouth. i wasn't a huge fan of the corned beef but the bread on that sandwich was so perfectly grilled and golden, that the sandwich was still delicious. bf preferred the corned beef over the pastrami sandwich, said it was one of the best reubens he can ever remember having. ( brownie points for me for finding this place, thanks yelp! :P )i could only finish a quarter of each sandwich, so i ate about 1/2 a sandwich total. but i'm a pretty poor eater some days, it's hit or miss. bf is an average eater and ate what would be equivalent to probably 3/4 of a sandwich. so there were lots of leftovers, bf was happy about that, and ate them for lunch the next day. the meat kept well, even though the leftovers sat in my car for about 30-45 min while i went shopping right after lunch.the fries were okay, a little soggy by the time we got to them. but there msut have been 8 million of them. which was good, because when squirrels started to attack us at the park, we had a lot of fries to throw at them and distract them from attacking our sammiches. i definitely want to go back to try their other sandwiches too. however, this place is REALLY REALLY expensive. i can't afford sandwiches like this during a recession, man! especially when im still in grad school and not making any money.  so maybe i will wait until 2010 to go back...I live exactly one block away from this little gem. death wish? perhaps or maybe just researching my great american novel. okay it's niether, i just like the old victorian house i live in.  anyway the pastrami, russian dressing, and crinkle cut french fries make life in my seedy little part of town a little more bearable.Corned beef + matzo ball soup is the way to go.  I'm intrigued by a place that carries chocolate phosphate and strawberry shortcake.  If you don't want to look for parking, call your order in so someone can wait for you at the curb for pick up.  I couldn't wait for that so I just walked in because counter service is fast enough.  Is the apple pie good with brandy sauce?This place is super cheap. The pastrami was amazing. I love the coleslaw that they added into it. The meat is thick and the portions are well deserving. I had the cheese blitz and it was a bit nasty for me. I never had one so I can't be a good judge. It was grainy & weird. It taste uncooked to me. Also, the parking sucks and the location is in like a third world country. This place is a must try at least once. It reminds me of Canter's.Went here with husband, parents and in-laws for an early father's day lunch. Had pastrami, corned beef, lamb shank, chicken sandwich and salads.  The pastrami was hands down the best. Corned beef rocked. Salad was good and chicken was okay. Definitely worth the trip.  Puts canters, Al's, Jerry's to shame!!!!  Would have given them 5 stars but the waitress was rude and didn't seem to want to be bothered.They have a great selection of sandwiches, and although they are a bit on the expensive side, the meat quality & quantity is certainly worth the extra cost. My fiancee tried the #24 roast beef, lettuce & tomato on an onion roll and enjoyed it very much, but he did say that it needed some sauteed onions on top for an extra kick. I'm sure that's the Italian in him! My wisdom teeth are coming in, so I could only try their chicken noodle soup. It was one of the best I've tried, however it does not have any chucks of chicken in it which did disappoint a little. They put the soups in a mason jar so that it wouldn't spill on the ride home. Great service, and they even gave me extra pickles :) Love this place, will be back!yum. yum. yum.delicious meat. very tender, flavorful and cooked to perfection. the infamous question stands, however: Katz's Deli vs. Langer's? I'm kinda leaning more towards Katz's, but this isn't a review for them so let's talk about Langer's.I'm ashamed to admit that this is my first time hearing and visiting Langer's (definitely not the last!) so of course I had to try their world famous #19: Hot Pastrami with swiss cheese, cole slaw and russian dressing. I opted to have the dressing and slaw on the side so I could taste the pastrami at its purest. I'm not a big fan of fennel nor fat on meat, but when it comes to pastrami, i'm in all the way. They have a large menu selection so there's something for everyone. I also had their macaroni salad (it was a bit too sweet for me, but my bf liked it) and potato pancakes (which i really liked). Their portions are large so come hungry!! Aside from the awesome food, their service was really good. Staff was very friendly and food came quickly. As we walked to the restaurant, they had a little line set-up for customers once it got busy, but I guess we came at the perfect time bc we found street parking and got seated right away. Food's a little pricey for a deli (our bill came out to $45 +tip included) for 1 sandwich, an order of potato pancakes, macaroni salad, and a coke. Regardless, it's a must try since it's one of LA's food staples and apparently, the world's best delicatessen for Pastrami! P.S. during our lunch, some lady decided to cause a ruckus (yelling obscenities because she wasn't given a fork by one of the staff.. i think she was either homeless/crazy passerby that wanted attention). Staff dealt with the situation, lady was escorted out and everyone was fine. I suppose that's the price you pay for being located in the not-so-lovely side of LA.Holy succulent morsels of goodness batman!!  geeeeeez and I thought all that rhetoric about this place was a tad over-hyped. Now I think they were just dumbing it down.Had the number 1 pastrami - and yes virgina, it is as bloody wonderful as they say. On Rye with slaw and russian dressing. The bread was so good I felt my love muscle twitch (i mean my heart you dirty bastard). Perfect proportion of meat to bread to spread. The pastrami melts in your mouth, the crust is crunchy but not hard, the bread itself is chewy and flavorful. As well a constructed sandwich that you will get unless you're dagwood bumstead.A true deli in every sense of the word. Traffic sucks, the screaming jesus freaks (that are everywhere) with the loudspeakers are a minor annoyance. The sidewalk speakers blaring mariachi music at 110 db's, a slight buzz in the ear.GO and feast your palate, your eyes, your stomach and your soul on a splendor of gastrointestinal goodness for those who truly admire and appreciate well made food.P.S. I didn't mention the pickles that came with: decent sized, not too sour but just enough salty tartness to give the sucker some kick. My only lamentation is that it comes in a vacuum sealed plastic. Yup you read right. Plastic wrapped pickles. ughhhhh - great pickle but they need to dump the ziploc. It's like a tofu flavored sex toy. (wtf!?)~I know I like Oinkster too but this place is a bit better, but you can't go wrong with either~so, i have heard from everyone that langer's has the best pastrami, even better than delis in nyc. i stopped by today during lunch and there was a huge line ready to chow! their parking lot reserved for their patrons was already filled and we were lucky to find one parking spot that became available as we pulled up to the lot.got seated, drinks ordered and minutes later we placed food orders. the food showed up soon after. yum! i was starving by that point and i ordered the infamous #19. Coleslaw, russian dressing, swiss cheese, pastrami on rye. heaven! i ate half and was full. i am about ready to eat the rest of that sandwich because i can smell the pastrami. love this place. i'll definitely be back.Okay so I believe I wrote a review here but it was actually for canters on Fairfax!!(OOOPPS!!!! PLEASE DON'T KILL ME!!!) But now to re-review the right place this time! :D LOL!!They have the best deli sandwiches in the area!!!! You can come in this place starving and come out planning not to eat for the rest of week... LOL!!! JK!! maybe not the rest of the day though!!! no but really, they know how to pack a sandwich!!!! YUM YUM YUM!!! with a good pickle on the side! I have been to Langers several times in my lifetime.... first time I was a little girl but I can hardly remember now, then a couple of times after that, but my most memorable was when I went with my baby sister and her godfather who is actually Jewish... (I know, I know don't ask me how a Jewish man became the godfather of a little catholic girl... all I know is that he loves her to death). When we sat down we began talking about Jewish history and he explained to us that years ago that area all the way to East Los Angeles was actually predominantly Jewish, which explains why the deli that has been there for so long... (LOL!! I always thought, "why is there a Jewish deli in the middle of beaner land!!" LOL!! Hey!!!! I can say that cause I'm Hispanic and my diet primarily consists of rice and beans!!!! LOL!!) He also told us that if you go to East LA some many of the old tombstones in the cemeteries have stars of David and other Jewish symbols for that same fact... an interesting fact I wasn't aware of since our public school systems tend to lack pride in our communities so they usually skip the history of our communities where we get the most influence from!! but anyways if your ever around the downtown area in the mood for some delicious deli meat stop by Langers... only thing is parking sucks! and during lunchtime it gets a little crowded but the wait is definitely worth every second!When I heard "$15.00 dollars for a pastrami sandwich across the street from macarthur park", I really didnt know what to expect.. I figured save a couple more bucks up and get a fake id for my illegal cousin.. Glad I didnt though... I didn't see these 15 dollars as a spending, but rather an investment. I invested 15 dollars towards an unforgettable memory that can be replayed in my head and reimagined within my tastebuds. The Juicy flavor of this ecstacy tweaked pastrami accompanied by a perfect slice of swiss cheese and some russian slaw dancing in my tastebuds is a scenario I wont forget. every bite was a slow trip to heaven and back. One bite of a Pastrami sandwich at Langers is exactly what is needed to rule out the possibility of a better pastrami sandwich being existent on the face of this earth. Simply amazing..Awesome sandwich!  #19 was my order, and was the bet pastrami sandwich I have ever had!One word, pickles.  The most delicious kosher dills I have ever had!  You can even buy jars to go.  Fantastic , huge sandwiches that are delicious but really pretty expensive.  Go there just so that they stay in business.  Oh, and if you decide to take the pickles on an airplane, make sure the lids are on good and tight.  They can make a real mess and it doesn't make your fellow passengers very happy.i've had a long standing affair with salted cured meats, namely that vixen named pastrami.before i could drive i would make my parents take me to the local delis, the jerry's the roxy's, canter's. all good pastrami. when i got my license, i began to explore what culinary treasures this city had to offer, but for years never thought about there being such a pastrami sandwich, head and shoulders above the rest. first, as much as i like good service, i seem to like good service exponentially more when it's not an american serving me. the charm isn't there, like when my ukrainian server took my order and served me the most glorious sandwich i've ever explored with all 5 of my senses, all between smoke breaks. i sometimes feel like you should be scared of the person helping you, and there's nothing like a ukrainian woman to handle that objective. on to the food itself. wow. thickest cuts of pastrami i have ever seen. perfectly cured, salted, temperature. the rye was just the right amount of crispy on the outside and so soft and warm on the inside. heavenly.Next time I'll just buy a jar of mayo and a spoon. What a rip off.They say as you enter the #19 is their most popular sandwich.  I had a #10 (pastrami, russian dressing and swiss on rye) and was instantly in nirvana.  Make no mistake, I'm not jewish (okay there is probably a little in me somewhere) and I love me a good pastrami sandwich and a pickle.  This was purest bliss on a plate.  It was also huge, 2 meals were made of this delicious #10.  I've been home for 24 hours and I am still thinking about this enormous and enormously delicious sandwich.  Home is over 400 miles away from Langer's  and I'm weeping that I can't get there anytime soon.  They've been family owned and operated since 1947 and I hope they prosper and continue to work the magic they do.  I can't wait to go back and try something else on their huge menu.  The pickles were awesome and so was the cole slaw.  YUM does not state the half of it.In and around downtown for 30 some-odd years, never even heard or seen this place.Conveniently located on the corner of 7th and mexican ghetto,parking free with purchase (show receipt)Go at 1pm and after no waiting if you sit and eat.So when in rome...you order the #19. Here's the breakdown G:I THOUGHT I had eaten pastrami. "My friend, youre no pastrami Kennedy". never ate fall of the bone-like pastrami like langer-bangerz, almost like a perfectly cooked carnitas with slightly burnt /smoky edges.The rye bread which I dont care much for by itself was incredible. Slightly warm, and how the heck they toast the edges like dat? Straight butta.Cole slaw hands down one of the best...not gorged with mayo and not overslopped. The way slaw should be; crisp, hint of vinegar and very light mayo. Superbulous.I guess theres a thin slice of swiss...better. Any more would take away from meat and bread.$15 bucks and worth every frikkin penny. Lemonade tastee and strong like BULL.Keith was our humble and cool server this afternoon.extra russian dressing nice to have, BUT you must ask your server for the "hot chinese" mustard. TRUST ME on this...leave the stupid french's and half-ass guldens on the table. Its like colemans mustard if youve had that. Regardless, if you like it spicy and with substance, ask for that mustard, its essential.Ordered crinkle cut fries which were crispy and meaty, but not needed. Sandwich so big that even a pig like me gets full. Normal human might even split #19 into 2 meals.Just an awesome experience makes you forget the jewelry depression a few blocks up....ok back to the depression.Will try the second head of this evil 2-headed monstrosoty next time, the corned beef.I came downtown on Saturday to have lunch at Langer's and to visit the Los Angeles Public Library. I took the Metrolink to Union Station and then the Red Line to the Westlake / McArthur Park Station, from there Langer's is just a half a block away and this is really the best way to get there to avoid the traffic and parking situation. I noticed in these reviews that there are some complaints about the cost of the famous #19. Now I know all of you have access to the internet and the cost can be found right here on yelp or click the link at the top of this page and that will take you to the Langer's website where they have their entire menu posted and you can peruse it at your leisure. I knew before I left my house that I would be spending almost $20.00 for the 19 and a drink but I decided that I wanted to try it anyway, if you don't want to spend the money then don't go! If by chance you just stumble into the place unaware of the cost just take a look at the menu, you will find all the prices there, if you don't like the prices you can go somewhere else! Don't spend $15.20 for a sandwich and then complain that you think $15.20 is too much and give a two star review because of it!I arrived at Langer's at about 11:45 a.m. The place was busy but I was seated right away. Having already done my research I knew what I wanted so when the waitress came by I ordered the #19 and a coke. The place was a hive of activity, people coming and going, tables being cleared, orders being delivered, wait staff rushing to and fro. My waitress as back with my drink and about 5 minutes later she was back with my #19. Is it the best pastrami on earth? While I can't really answer that I can tell you it is the best that I have had. Do I think it was worth the $15.20, well to be honest no but I don't think there is a sandwich out there that I would think was worth that kind of money but I knew the cost before I entered the restaurant so I can't complain. I do however think it was worth the $20.00 to come down and try the pastrami and to experience Langer's , I'm glad I did and I enjoyed the experience!Yes, it's true what they say, Langer's does have the best pastrami sandwich that you will ever eat. Ask for "the 19" and you'll see what I mean. The service is friendly and incredibly fast especially if you sit at the counter. Shoot, they even have curb-side service for those in a hurry or the hungry police officer getting his daily fix. I haven't had their French dip sandwich or their pastrami dip sandwich yet, but I'm willing to bet that it will destroy Phillipe's. Phillipe's has Langer's beat on price though. Be expecting to drop at least $15 at Langer's.This pastrami sandwich nearly brought tears to my eyes.  Two fluffy pieces of perfectly-perfect rye bread stuffed with the most delicious, beautifully-seasoned, artfully-proportioned pastrami I've ever eaten.  And I was RAISED on that business, so trust me on this one.  The neighborhood is mildly skanky but it's not a deal-breaker, by any stretch.   I saw a group of guys here on their lunch break the other day and they all had turkey sandwiches and it took everything in me not to shake my head in their general direction.I had the awesome #19 Pastrami sandwhich. It's a very respectable 2nd place to Katz's, but #1 in LA for sure.   Quick and friendly service, old restaurant yet clean, and a lot of natural lighting through their windows  give it a comfortable and cheerful feel.  Their cornbeef sandwhich is also very good for those of you who like a simpler taste of just good old meat. And echoing what everyone else has said, the bread is the best, and in fact, better than the rye at Katz's.  My friend took a sandwhich to go and said the bread was perfectly soft and not soggy the next day.  If only it were closer to Santa Monica...Hello. Is that heaven? No, its just Langer's pastrami. I got the 19 on a french roll (I know, blasphemous that I didn't get it on rye) and the hubs got plain pastrami on an onion roll. We topped it off with crinkle fries. The second that juicy, salty, fatty pastrami touches your lips, you know you've died and gone to heaven. The dressing, cheese and slaw were an excellent supporting cast. Pure perfection. Next time I'm buying an extra one to go.This is the best place for pastrami period.  Is in the hood?  Yes.  Are you too wimpy to brave the streets of LA cause you were raised in the suburbs?  Get curbside service.  There's secured parking on 7th and Westlake.  Get the #19 if you're a first timer.  Want to compare the pastrami at Langers with other "places?"  Get the pastrami on rye.  There's also a nice award on the wall from some guy named James Beard.Yeah the #19 is a decent sandwich. And the waiters are great and work their butts off for probably zilch. Hate to dis this place because so many good, hardworking people labor there. But . . The owner. . . What piece of work he is. Hate to even give him a penny of my money.people i know from brooklyn, les, hoboken, chicago, and the valley declared this the greatest pastrami in the world.who am i to argue?if you haven't, you must.  if you don't, well, that's you.Holy Crap!! Go here. #10. get it. nuff said.So disappointed about my experience when you hear so much about the #19 on 710 ESPN. I made the long drive there from Santa Monica to try the "Worlds Greatest Pastrami Sandwich." When I sat down at the diner, I was excited to see the chef's slicing and dicing thick cuts of pastrami. The waitress came right to me and I let her know that I wanted the #19. She literally turned around towards the kitchen and grabbed an already made plate of the #19. (Disappointment #1) Really? How can the "Worlds Best Pastrami Sandwich" be pre-made? Never has that happened to me besides going to a fast food restaurant.Being too excited, I brushed it off but quickly realized there were no fries or even a damn pickle! (Disappointment  #2) Did they forget that I am paying $14 for a sandwich? The waitress told me the fries had to be purchased separately, but that she would get a pickle for me. Woo-hoo! I got a pickle to accommodate my sandwich! Then I took my first bite and was fine with it until a few more bites through when I realized the sandwich was really dry. (Disappointment #3) Thick cuts would be great if it was juicy! A guy sat next to me the rest of the way ordering the same sandwich due to ESPN's partnership with Langer's. We both felt scammed. Suckers for listening to our favorite show hosts, Max and Marcellus.With tax and tip included, I paid $17 and change for a dry pastrami sandwich. I only gave this two stars since the waitress was polite, but when it comes to the food, I will not make that drive again when a better Pastrami sandwich at Bay Cities Deli in Santa Monica is down the block for $8.Good bye Langer's. No thank you for ripping me off to the "World's Most Disappointing Pastrami Sandwich".i realllly like the pastrami sandwich its so good.but i prefer it on regular white bread, not a fan of the usual bread they offer. the line can get pretty long but its a good place. pretty ghetto place near it but inside its nice. would come again. IF i can find parkingYou just don't know how great a sandwich can be until you have tried Langer's.  As an avid pastrami and deli lover I waddled in with my boss from Chicago.  The place is really busy, so that must mean something good.  So we settle down after a bit of a wait... (Seats at the counter are no wait, so if you see it RUN to grab it).   All I can think is that this place must be good if everyone there is a city official or employees.   So I order one of their awesome sounding sandwiches... I believe it was a number 16... I have never seen a thick cut pastrami sandwich with delicious russian coleslaw on rye bread... it was as awesome as it could get.  The pastrami is great and made daily at the restaurant.  The pickles are home-made and fresh... and everything about the place was great.Parking is just a 1/2 block up the street.I am only one more voice in the Langers love choir singing about their world famous pastrami sandwich.  The coleslaw is a sweet and refreshing surprise spread across pastrami of the gods.  Went fort lunch with a friend, the place was packed, but we were seated and had our sandwiches in ten minutes.  Amazing.I would hands down recommend this place to everyone, everyday and twice on Sundays (that is if they were open on Sundays). The #19 will leave you, at least once in the future, uttering the words " Ooooh Langer's pastramiiiii!!!!" Wait staff are extremely friendly and attentive. Very cool and friendly vibe.An old school diner offering some of the best pastrami sandwiches in Los Angeles. It's in a not so pretty area but I think it adds to the charm. If you're going for the sandwich you may as well get a milkshake, too!Next time you go to Macarthur park looking for some crack and fake id's, make sure you stop at Langers.Finally hit this up, considering it's only a couple blocks from the office. The hundreds of combinations of pastrami were a bit overwhelming, so I kept it simple with a pastrami and swiss. And yes, it was pretty much the best pastrami I've ever had. But based on the size of the sandwich, I still can't get myself to justify the price tag on the sandwich, despite the fact that this place is "historical," meaning full of cops and city officials. Nonetheless, a sandwich you need to try at least once in your lifetime.Langer's was on my short list of must-try restaurants that I made as my tenure in LA was coming to a close. For years I've been intrigued by its curious location, smack dab in the middle of the mostly Central American Westlake district - a location that testifies to its old age, and its founding at a time before the Jewish exodus to the Westside. Outside, there is a stanchion-and-rope configuration that implies brutal wait times, so I was thankful I was there at 3 pm on a weekday, an hour before closing. The interior is precious, with big vinyl booths, a long linoleum counter, and a big refrigerated case protecting the otherwise open kitchen. The staff are all very friendly, and some look like they've been there for generations. The clientele is a charming assortment of businessmen, Korean couples, Latino families, and USC kids. I sat at the counter where I was promptly served my iced tea as I pored over the menu. My decision was quick though - I had to try the popular "#19," pastrami, swiss, and cole slaw on rye with their signature Russian sauce. The picture was making my mouth water. It arrived quickly with a fat pickle sliced in two. The pastrami, which is cut nice and thick, squeezes the soft bread into submission and the drippy cole slaw assures its never too dry. The so called Russian sauce tasted mostly like mayo, and I missed the magical combination of pastrami and mustard. The pickle tasted like it hadn't been pickeled long enough, very plain. Everything was good, but not as good as you would expect from the lesser known of LA's big delis. And the prices (my total for a sandwich and tea was $19) remind you that Langer's is no different from its famous sister Canter's - perhaps authentic, but not immune to the spoiling effects of popularity. 1940s deli, 2040s prices.It was like taking a bite out of heaven. #19 and chili cheese fries, need I say more? Probably not but I will because it was worth every penny. The rye bread had great  subtle kick thanks to the caraway seed. The sweet slaw was nice to cool my taste buds. The sweetness of the dressing and the creamy swiss merry together with the salty pastrami. As a result harmonious bliss in the mouth full of flavor. I didn't eat there and after taking it to go it was delicious. Parking isn't that great but I got lucky. Next time I hope to get lucky with the same parking spot. Great sandwich that's really worth it.Delicious, thick pastrami on moist rye bread with a hearty, crunchy crust. So good! Not in the best part of town, but great for an old school "Los Angeles experience". A tad on the pricey side, but everyone should go at least once. Just wish it was easier to get to and they didn't close so early! Look out for the designated parking lot on 7th and Westlake.We drove a long way to try Langer's and didn't even go inside because we were too scared to get out of the car. BAD HOOD! We were already shaken after a homeless man banged on our car window at the stoplight, screaming at us for money. We couldn't find close parking and wouldn't walk the streets with our two small children. We went to Canter's instead (our original choice, Langer's was just five miles closer) and are still raving about it!Had to give Langers 5 stars, had it for the second time today. My advice is to definetly get pastrami on rye bread whatever you do. I dont even like Rye bread anywhere else, but this breads texture and taste combined with that meat and coleslaw is a dream come true. I wish it was open later, thats my only complaint :)Great food and vibe, but way overpriced. I know it's LA and all, but come on!  I love everything about this place otherwise.  Lower the prices a bit back down to reality and you'll get 5 stars.Take the Red Line, go directly inside, order #19 hand-cut.  Eat it.  If you die from a heart-attack, it will be worth it.  Best. Sandwich. Ever.The best damn pastrami sandwich I've ever had in my whole life. Freakin huge too, I could barely finish it. If you're in the area, you gotta try it...even if you're not in the area, you should drive to check this place out! It'll be worth it, trust me.it feels old school, jewish, and deli.  perfect.the quality of both the pastrami and the corned beef is balls.there's a comped parking lot in this some-what-war zone of a neighborhood, which is helpful.you will have to spend $15 - $20 for your sandwich meal, but it's absolutely worth it.  a plus:  i got a vibe that either marilyn monroe or frank sinatra ate there.  i felt their ghosts.  tip: go around the corner to the mexican storefront that has holy water and other spiritual goodies.  she has things that can help u get rid of bad ghosts if you have any in your home.yeah, #19 is good, but #89 is better: HOT CORNED BEEF, Sauerkraut and Swiss Cheese Grilled on Rye *the pastrami is is very peppery, and must consumed with the coleslaw and bread. The corned beef is actually a softer and more fragrance cut. The meat is delicious just by itself or combined with the swiss chess and sauerkraut. *yeah, the area is horrible, the price is expensive.. but. still, it's a solid 5-star. *The portion is not huge, but big enough for a bit of left over snack. and guess what, the leftover Langer's sandwich is still better than just about any other fresh sandwich you can find. Now, that's pretty impressive.Langer's is to pastrami what Napa is to wine. The pastrami is served piping hot, oozing with flavor, with Russian dressing on top of Jewish rye bread. There are many takes on the sandwich, for example, you can have it with egg or sauerkraut. They also make an excellent chicken barley soup made from the harts, livers, and gizzards. Great place to stop for lunch when going down I-5, you probably won't eat dinner that night. Finally, you should remember that you get what you pay for and this place is not cheap. For a more blue collar sandwich try Jim's in Pico Rivera.The Fiance and I had to come here while we are living in Los Angeles it just seemed like a most do after seeing it on the Food Network. We decided to come here on one of our rare free days and we were not disappointed we both ordered the famed #19 pastrami with cole slaw on rye. The Pastrami was really flavorful and probably up there with the best i have ever had. I do prefer warm sandwiches so if i were to come again i might get the warm pastrami with Au jus. The wait was not bad probably about 5 minutes at 12:30 pm on a Friday. The only downside and it is not Langers fault is i was not fond of the surrounding neighborhood it can be kinda sketchy.Great corned beef and pastrami. Never leave there hungry.  Just be careful of the neighborhood.I don't even like pastrami but this place seriously makes it taste SO GOOD!  It's the perfect combination of its soft bread, Swiss chese, coleslaw and dressing and the pastrami is hand sliced rather than through a machine... and not at all salty like what you'd expect a the Hat. #19 is a must... and quite big so it's good to share.  The corn beef sauerkraut sandwich is also good, but still not as good as #19.  Also had their homemade cream soda which tasted like liquid icecream syrup... nice to try but can skip if you're watching the calories :PThe best Pastrami in Los Angeles. I stopped to grab a quick bite and right as I sat down to order the #19 the sandwich was ready two minutes later. The pastrami is cooked to perfection. Every bite is mouth watering goodness. The price of the sandwich is a bit much but very well worth it. The restroom is very clean but small. The waiters are all dressed very professional. If Im in the area again I will definitely come back.I have only tried their liver "dinner" and I'd love to go back and have it over again.Yelp and Chowhound peer pressure forced me to order the number 19 (as did 75% of my table). It's a good sandwich -- dunno about twelve bucks worth of good, but well better than average. The pastrami was very tender, with some fat but no gristle. The rye bread was crisp and dense, as it ought to be. The egg cream I ordered had some assembly required, which was weird.if you don't get it, then you just don't get it.pastrami on rye with russian?  foghettabouti!holy crap i love this place, i'm gonna marry it.I've only had the pastrami sandwich here.  It's so good, it's hard to order anything else.  I usually get #10 which is the pastrami with russian dressing.  Their pastrami is not too salty and much leaner than other pastrami places.  Service is quick and even with a big group, the waitresses there will remember everyone's order without writing it down.  The area isn't the best, and they do have a parking lot a block away.  Just get validated and parking is free.#19 is alright, not something to die for.... leaning more towards "The Hat", but the staff are extremely friendly and humorous...  I might come back again, since a friend of seems to fall in love with this place.  Or maybe to go is better...Simply delicious! We had the Pastrami with coleslaw, swiss cheese, Russian dressing on rye. I usually hate Rye bread, but this was so soft with the most scrumptilicious crust!!!! And the Pastrami was beautiful :) The sammie is quite large and was scared my leftovers would be soggy and unappetizing, but I was wrong. It tasted just as yummy! The only negative would be the price. Pretty  expensive sammie...but I guess if you want the good stuff, you're gonna have to pay!A pastrami sandwich honestly does not get any better than this. The meat is moist and perfectly seasoned. The bread is soft, yet crunchy on the edges. I like my sandwich with just a touch of Gulden's mustard, but the #19 also hits the spot when I'm craving slaw. I love Langer's to pieces.Being a Ex-Montrealer, I know about good pastrami (smoked meat up North). It's name is Schwatrz. Langers is the Scwartz of the west. I no longer need to fly 3000 miles for a piece of heaven. I know New Yorkers have their Katz, but really there is no comparison for me. Langers serves a mean, juicy pastrami that melts in your mouth. Stacked high, it's just  the way Schwatrz would have liked it! Now if only it could reproduce those greasy fries in a brown bag!Extremely good, though I don't get on the whole stick a whole bunch of stuff on good meat train.Meat, bread, a touch of good mustard.  Could use a little more meat, but nothing is perfect.It's expensive for 2 reasons: 1) It's damn good, 2) To keep the rifrafs out!  We take the redline there so we just go up the escalators, cross the street and we're there!Not that this place needs any more reviews....but its worth the effort due to its mouth watering pastrami sandwiches! Sure its expensive..around $13 or bucks a pop, but the sizes are fairly large, and you can customize any sandwich with different cheeses, etc. to make the perfect combo. I will definitely return! I came during lunch time during the week and didn't have the wait. Just to warn you, the area is a little sketchy, but during the day you should be fine.This is how LA. does NY.......... deli style. This restaurant has not changed since I have been alive (28 years) and I'm sure it has been the same since the 50s. One of the last joints that still has the old LA. Hollywood feel to it. If I would compare it to any old classic restaurant in LA., it would be Philippe's in Chinatown. I was 11 when I first came here, my dad recommended I order the pastrami on rye. I think this was when my fetish for deli food came into fruition and I was hooked ever since. Fast forward to 2 months ago, I visited with my girlfriend, who has recently developed an infatuation for Jew food , and I have to admit the pastrami on rye tastes the same ....... awesome!!! I recommend the Russian dressing, very New York!A buddy of mine took me here a long time ago.  I had never heard of it, and he was shocked, so he said we must go.  I don't remember that much, but it was a good sandwich.  I guess I'm spoiled, because it was a good place but nothing struck me as legendary.  Ok, I'll cave in and give em 4 stars.Yummy.For those working in downtown LA.A quick hop onto the Red Line, exit on Mac Arthur Park and go south.If you want to beat the lunch crowd, get there 10 mins before noon.All I have to say is "hand-cut pastrami"Its so so good.i think we should start thinking about having a 6th star as an option. This was voted chowhound's top LA food spot for 2010.. i love it. Represent LA. its right where we used to go get fake IDs as kids.. so get an id and grab a sandwich!This place is heaven!!! If 2012 happens this is the last place where you should have your last meal and die happy. They are famous for their #19. My friend took me here once and I fell in love with the sandwich. The pastrami is hand cut and it includes coleslaw, russian dressing and rye bread. This sandwich is a must and should be added to anyone's bucket list.Great place near Downtown, I've been coming here since I was a kid maybe twice every 3yrs. The menu never changes at all which is amazing so you don't ever need to wonder what to order. #19 "Pastrami Sandwich Please"for me pastrami doesn't get any better.  nice sized sandwiches, good fries, soft rye.   Yeeeea.It is an absolute no-brainer. Park at their lot one block away or take the LA Metro, if you happen to live near one of its 5 stops, then walk right in, don't even look at a menu and tell the nice lady you want a Number 19. That's all you need to do and all you'll ever want to do after tasting The Best Sandwich on Earth. Warm, crispy-crusted rye, with Langer's-own hand-sliced hot Pastrami, cole slaw, Swiss and Russian dressing come together in a cacophony of cholesterol that is worth every minute, hour or day that it takes off your lifespan. Number 19 is to sandwiches what Vin Scully is to Ralph Kiner, what Sandy Koufax was to Fritz Peterson (without the wife-swapping). In other words, it is better than what you'd find in New York.'Nuff said.I actually went there a few years ago before the Subway stop was almost at their door and had the Corned Beef with Russian dressing and slaw. I still dream about it. This sandwich was soo good it is the one that all others are measured by. I have not gotten back there in years due to not living very close and their odd hours but mmmmm mmmmmm MMMMMM Happend to be in the area on a Sunday but they were closed gggrrrr it is like hidden treasure that has been there 50 years or something crazy like that. Yes it is in a bad neighborhood that by 4pm you should be out of but never heard of anyone having and issue more than being hassled for money or to buy an ID or Passport. Now you can even get there on the Subwauy/metro The decor is a throw back with the dark brown leather booths and chairs not fancy the let the food do the talking. Kind of miss the Jewishness and kamp of Canter's though.Better than Johnnie's. Better than Tommy's. Better than The Hat. The last time I had pastrami this good was Katz's Deli in New York. In my opinion this is just as good. Very similar in style....only it's table service here, not counter service. Service is surprisingly excellent here. Helpful, courteous, and quick! Few problems tho....parking is an issue here, neighborhood is shady, it's practically a pilgrimage to get here from OC, and one pastrami sandwich will set you back $13. I'll be back though.OMG!!!! This place has so many reviews already!!!! I know this heavenly place doesnt need more reviews to prove how incredibly delicious their famous pastrami sandwich(#19 please!!!)is!!! But I just have to gush about this delicious sandwich!!! ITS DAMN GOOD!!! Just go and buy one dont waste more time reading all these reviews!!!! It's worth the $15 you are going to spend SO WORTH IT!!! Never had a pastrami sandwich like this one, the meat is different, thicker, not greasy or SALTY just perfect now I know what a REAL pastrami sandwich is all about!! The guys at the take out counter are very nice!! Im so coming back!By far the best pastrami I have ever tasted.  I like my pastrami with cheese, mustard and pickles only and they have homemade pickles that are excellent and the bread is so fresh is melts in your mouth.   A sandwich from Langers is a treat that my boyfriend brings me sometimes when he goes out there to see them, and it is always as good as I remember, every single time. LOVE THEM and highly recommend you try a pastrami sandwich because you havent had pastrami until you have tasted Langers pastrami.  I used to think Togo's pastrami was good, I was so naive, that isnt real pastrami, and now I laugh at the thought of eating Pastrami at Togos, once you have had the real thing, a substitute will not satisfy.  I am hooked.Can't really say anything that hasn't been mentioned already.  Go with the pastrami rye and you won't regret it.Delicious but a bit pricey, get the #19PASTRAMI SANDWICH !!!! Lox & scrambled were excellent to. And what a great place. Old school, pure american style, perfect service. 5 stars for sure !We live in an imperfect world, fraught with death, disease, and tragedy. The # 19 is not part of that world. Each component of this sandwich complements the other perfectly. The pastrami is thick cut, and is melt in your mouth tender. It's not overly seasoned, so it doesn't dominate the overall flavor profile of the sandwich. The supporting cast of this sandwich is not an afterthought, which is all to common in the sandwich world. The swiss is nutty, the russian dressing tangy, and the slaw cuts through the richness of the pastrami. And then there's the bread. Bread's not important right? It just holds the filling of a sandwich, and nothing more? NO SIR, YOU ARE MISTAKEN! The rye bread achieves a seemingly impossible textural combination of a perfectly crisp crust, and a center that is so incredibly soft and pillowy that it probably serves as the community couch in Heaven. So believe the hype, it oh so real.I may receive a lot of backlash for the 3 stars, but I couldn't give it anymore in comparison to Sam Lagrassa's in Boston.  Don't get me wrong, Langer's #19 receives a good SOLID 3 stars. It's a good sandwich and I would gladly eat it if someone got it for me and would thoroughly enjoy anddd will probably be back for more, BUTTT it fails in comparison to Sam Lagrassa's pastrami. Sam Lagrassa's is the type of good where I would be willing to buy a plane ticket and fly 3000 miles just to eat it. ( no joke.. seriously considering  it if I cant find a pastrami in LA that is somewhat like Sam's) Theirs was just that indescribably amazing, so yes Langers, you are good, but sam lagrassa's is GREAT and therefore you can only have 3 stars. I hope we can still be friends.Awesome!  Speedy, friendly, delicious... What more could you want on a day with perfect weather and an empty belly?  Highly recommend the 19... pastrami, so tender... great bread!I tried Langer's for the first time today and I definitely liked it, though it's not my favorite deli and I do like Canter's deli (in West Hollywood) a little better. Langer's is not in the best of areas.  The street parking situation sort of sucks but you can try and find some 1-hour metered parking a couple blocks away.  The restaurant also has its own parking lot a couple blocks away, though you definitely should get your parking validated at the restaurant, at the rates at the lot are a bit exorbitant. My friend and I both ordered the #19 special - the pastrami sandwich with cole slaw, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing.  It was pretty tasty, though a little bit on the dry side. It is now 12 hours later and I have an upset stomach, though that could be from the huge dinner I had a couple hours ago.  In general, this place is good - the service was nice, helpful, and polite.  I still like Canter's better but Langer's is still a really great choice, especially for those who live on the East side.Came here before the lunch rush and was immediately greeted at the door.  Being a full service restaurant, they seat you and a waiter/waitress will come serve you.  I sat at the counter, ordered the #19, and it came out in no less than 5 minutes.  I was impressed with the quick service.  And the pastrami...delicious.  It was thick but so soft.  The sandwich is pretty big, I struggled with the last bite, but again it was delicious.  Total with tax was about $15, but well worth it.So NY has Kat'z, and I guess the LA equivalent would be Langer's!You really aren't a true Los Angelino unless you have eaten here.The hours are pretty odd as it closes at 4pm meaning they don't serve dinner here.Although I had heard amazing things about this place, I was really scared to try because of one thing only: the price.Can you believe a sandwich here will run you almost $15?Tack on a order of fries, drinks, tax+tip, and a "lunch" for two easily can go over $40! I figured just like everything in life, you gotta try it once right?I was very happy that there was no ridiculous line on Thursday at 12pm. We got seated quick and ordered quick. Our fries were delicious and very fresh. The sandwiches were HUGE! My date got full off 1 sandwich and that's saying A LOT.Even though the price tag for their yummy sandwich is hefty, I would say its worth the splurge every now and again.Think of it like a delicious steak....you know your tummy will be happy in the end :)Sadly, the neighborhood Langer's is in has fallen A LOT since it first opened. It is not a safe neighborhood nor clean. I would not recommend parking a nice car on the street. There is a lot across the street but you have to pay $2 per hour. That's LA for you!this was another amazing place i found thanks to yelp. My brother and I both had the #10's (pastrami on rye with russian dressing)n The service was great, the sandwich was perfect, and the cheesecake will bring me back.I would do 5 stars, but the price is a little out of control for a sandwich. We both had the pastrami with coleslaw and man it was freakin deliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiicious. Best sandwich i've had with pastrami and coleslaw. Parking is a block away which is weird but i'm not from LA so what do i know. Great food, great service but i'm lost as to why that sandwich was $15? good sandwich but $9 to $10 would have made more sense.The pastrami is the best of all of Los Angeles. I've been to Brent's in Northridge,  Greenblatts in Hollywood, and Canters in the Fairfax district, and Langers is the best. No deli in southern california comes close to the food here. Parking is a block away on 7th street, so call them for directions. This is the best sandwich in LA.what?! westlake?...this is echo parque! what! what!...anyways, even though langer's deli is not in the best area of los angeles, i still frequent this eatery. it's much closer and MUCH better than canter's.im not much of a meat eater. in fact, im more of a salad girl, but when it comes to langer's deli, vegetables and fruits take a back seat to a hot pastrami sandwich. the place is always packed when i stop by and it's nice to see familiar faces each time. the butchers are quick with the orders and boy are they generous. like half of the population of los angeles, i ordered the famous #19. that sandwich was so thick it lasted me for 2 days! whether its served hot or cold, it was just as good. my mouth just salivates with each bite and just even thinking about eating it. HUGE, Delicious, kosher pickles for $1 or $1.25. order it...it makes your meal complete!parking is difficult, especially during the early afternoons. the streets are busy and the cat hollering is plenty. just walk fast, keep your head down, and think about that #19 waiting for you!it's a good thing i dont live in l.a. anymore and i dont visit l.a. as much. this is only true because by now, i'd have 5 chins and 2 heart surgeries.No no no. This is not as good as Katz's. It's just not. Pastrami doesn't need cole slaw (damn you #19). Order a pastrami on rye, and you will be happy. get a side of cole slaw if you want a bite of what "everyone talks about". if yelp were national, i would give it 3-stars, but in the pastrami abyss of Los Angeles, it gets a solid 4.been wanting to come here for a while and finally checked it out. i'm a fan of the pastrami and this totally blew past my expectations. easily better than nate n al's or canters, and up there with the best of them in NY (yes, Katz's) .pretty organized for as crowded as it gets and very cool to be sitting in a very historic LA restaurant. it's like time stood still in here, in a good way.Hmm I guess this place is only good if you can stomach the thought of eating pastrami.  I went with the less mystery-meat related turkey, and thought it was a fairly run-of-the-mill turkey sandwich, except with a price tag about twice as much as it's worth.  If I ever have a sneak-attack lobotomy performed on me and can entirely forget what pastrami is, I might have to re-evaluate this place, because aside from the supposedly magical pastrami sandwich, I'm hard pressed to find any value in this place.Really is the absolute best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.  I went there for lunch with my old boss for the first time and asked him to recommend me something and he told me to get the pastrami - wohoo, I'm so glad I went for it.  I actually pretty much HATE coleslaw and the description said that the sandwich would come with it but there wasn't a picture so I assumed it would be on the side and I could therefore ignore it.  So then my sandwich came out and damn if the coleslaw wasn't piled on top of all my yummy pastrami.  I didn't want to look like a little wuss so I braved a bite ... OMG, it was actually tasty, totally worked with the other flavors.  Everytime I've been back I can't make myself order anything else - Pastrami for the WINTried #19 pastrami. The thick pastrami was good and not too salty. The rye bread wasn't dry and the added cole slaw was a nice touch. Warning: sandwich isn't cheap- its $14.50 but two people can share that amount.They have a parking lot one block down.I'm going to make this short & sweet. I'm originally from New York City. I moved to LA in 1968 and found Langer's. I've been a customer ever since. There is no better deli in the country period. The hand sliced pastami, warm fresh rye bread, and great pickles are the best period. The neighborhood may not be what it was in 1968 but the food has always been great.upon returning from new york, i began my search for the ultimate NY deli, in LA. sure there's the usuals- like canters... maybe the hat? but none came close. none, save langers. langers uses hearty cuts of beef, fresh rolls/bread, and the general feel of the joint is a throwback to a wonder years era. smack dab in the middle of rough n tumble LA, don't let the locale fool you. langers is well worth risking bodily injury.WOW!! this place is an awesome deli. I had the hot pastrami sandwich and it was delicious. The rye bread is so good. I am not a big fan of rye bread but this bread was warm and soft with a very crunch crust. I cant wait to go back. Everyone needs to come here at least once. Next time I think I will try the #19.This place is amazing and I cannot belive it has taken me so long to finally go here! I went here with my parents who have been telling me about this palce for years. I got the #19 wich is the pastrami with swiss and some russian cole slaw on rye. It was amazing the sad thing though is that its expensive and it doesnt come with any sides so i ordered home fries on the side. My mom got the same thing. My dad got corned beef hash and eggs. I tried some of the corned beef hash and it was delicous. The only other bad thing about this place is the parking which is down the street so its kinda a pain.Undoubtedly my favorite place to get some fresh and delicious pastrami sandwich.I have only gone here twice but I know I will be back for more as unfortunately both times I ended up getting the pastrami w/ au jus dipping as it is just sooooo freaking good.  From the first bite you can tell that everything is made when you ordered and that all the ingredients are super fresh.  Even my mother who is not into eating American food was raving at how good and fresh the pastrami was.  Their bread is crispy and soft at the same time, and not the bad kind of soft.  Their pastrami tastes as if it was just cut from the cow (I know bad analogy, but damn it is freaking fresh).  And the au jus sauce matches the sandwich and though some people find that it makes the sandwich too salty I did not find it so.  Moreover, as a side note, I also noticed a lot of people getting their shakes and some people getting the cakes as dessert and while I am usually so stuffed I can't fit the dessert...one of these days I am going to get one haha. There is no reason not to come here for a pastrami sandwich.  Parking is easy and free, the wait is short if you are willing to sit at the counter (or just don't try coming directly at rush hour), and the food is delicious and fresh.The hot pastrami or the hot corned beef...both amazingly flavorful. The juices will run down your chin, so be sure not to wear anything you treasure. I love my #44 sammich with grilled rye and sauerkraut and plenty of Russian dressing, and even if your not into those condiments...you should try them. Coleslaw is fantastic, and counter service is the way to go. Don't let the neighborhood fool you...parking is easy and security is always around. Just GO!#19--it's their best seller for a reason!!!  the hot pastrami is AWESOME... with great servers with great sense of humor!  i accidentally dropped my spoon while our server was standing to take our order, and she decided to develop a hilarious attitude w/ me for "throwing a spoon at her!"  She must have been in her 60's... and i absolutely LOVED her...loved our food... it was more expensive than i had expected... but i guess you get what you pay for sometimes!  for 2 of us: #1, #19, small order of fries, and lemonade, our bill came out to $38.  geesh... but the food was superb!One of my all time favorite spot. I don't need to say much about the food simply "the best pastrami sandwich." NY style deli - old school jointLanger's.  Legendary Pastrami.  LA Landmark?  Hmmm.  My brother and I were in downtown, starving.  Trying to decide on where to have lunch.  Then I remembered someone mentioning Langer's to me a few days back.  Got on the blackberry, looked up the address, punched it into the navi, and off we went.  We turn the corner and see Langer's.  Being deprived of proper nutrition that day our stomachs start to growl.  One problem...WHERE DO WE PARK?  After circling the block twice, we FINALLY find the parking lot that says, "Langer's Parking."  DUUUHHH!!!We walk the block to Langer's fueling our hunger even more.  Great...there's a line.  We were pleasantly surprised that we were seated promptly, bypassing other larger groups.  Hey I'm not gonna complain, although the people in front of us gave us dirty looks as the hostess showed us to our table.  Oh well.  We decided to order the signature sandwich, pastrami with russian dressing, and the waitress recommended the french dip.  Of course had to get an order of fries.  Our food was brought to us pretty fast.  We split our sandwiches and ate a half of each one.  French dip was good.  The meat was dry by itself though.  Had to dunk it in the dark delicious au jus to make it appetizing.  Now time for the famous pastrami.  Think cuts layered my sandwich.  I sampled the meat alone.  I was impressed.  Good spice, nice and tender.  So I eagerly took a bite of the sandwich as a whole.  Ummm can you say...TOO MUCH DRESSING?!  It overpowered the taste of the pastrami.  It tasted like I was eating a Russian dressing sandwich.  Note to self...(hate to sound like a girl on a diet) dressing on the side next time.  We devoured our sandwiches and got our bill.  A lil overpriced I would say.  $30+ for lunch for 2 at a deli is kinda....ehhh maybe I'm just cheap?  Although I've never been called cheap before. =)Pastrami with their coleslaw is the best selling and best tasting sandwich they have.  The waitstaff is friendly and fast.  There is a reason they have been open for over 50 years. Family run and quality has been consistent. They seem to understand the simple principle of good food, good service.  It's a bit expensive  but well worth it. The fries are good too!! They give you great shakes. I had another sandwich to just try and it was ok. I even tried a salad, the chinese chicken salad, stick to the sandwiches. The pickles the sandwiches come with are excellent. They only open for breakfast and lunch, but I don't know that I would really come to this area after dark anyway.  Thanks Langer's!Wow. the best pastrami sandwich I've tasted.Awesome pastrami. And the rye bread was excellent. Definitely not  store bought. I'm going to have to make a point to eat there again. The neighborhood is kind of rough. But the quality is enough to draw me there.Words don't do the #19 pastrami sandwich any justice... All I can say is WOW that's one f'ing awesome pastrami sandwich (and at just a hair under $15, it better be)!... I'm not a big fan of rye, but the bread was incredible... Easily THE softest AND crunchiest crust I've ever eaten... And that's ONLY the bread... The pastrami blows away any pastrami I've had anywhere including Katz (NYC) and Johnnie's (Culver City)... And the cole slaw was the icing on the cake... Really, and I'm not even kidding here, THE BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER EATEN... PERIOD!PASTRAMI... that's all you need to know.  So good!!!!!  How did I not know about Langer's earlier?  I must have been blinded by stupidity.Order the pastrami sandwich.  Score crack for dessert at the subway tunnel.if Langer's Deli got into a fist fight with all of the other delis in los angeles at the same time then langer's would win. with one arm tied behind its delicious pastrami back even. this place is amaaaaazing. best pastrami and corned beef i have had in a long time. i had the sandwich that everyone has with the swiss and coleslaw but i changed the pastrami to corned beef. i don't even like coleslaw and this sandwich was the BEST. i have mid day and middle of the night awake-dreams about sandwiches from langers. the waitresses are really nice and i want them to adopt me and take me to their little pastrami and bread houses where we can live happily ever after. the only-- and i mean ONLY-- downfall of this place is their hours of operation. i am pretty sure they are only open from 8-4 and closed on sundays. i need more time, langers! when they decide to stay open later so that i can get a sandwich for dinner then i will change my review to 6 stars. i don't know how i will do that but i will!I love New York.  I been to Katz's.  I love Katz's.  But Langer's is better.  The rye bread is the best.  The pastrami is better than the best.  Believe what all these reviews say (except the ones that just don't get it - and if they don't love Langers, about pastrami at least, they never will) about the perfection of Langers pastrami sandwich.  Oh, and let me lay one on ya if you're really down with this type of sandwich.  The extreme insane bliss of the pastrami and chopped liver sandwich defies description.  Most will not have that sandwich, I realize.  But it is absurdly good.  There are so many descriptions of the pastrami, swiss, coleslaw and russian dressing sandwich that that's the one I'll get next time.  And next time will be soon.  Thank goodness everybody is getting hip to Langer's.  It's up to us to keep them in business.  And if you're in Glendale, try Billy's (Billie's?).$22 for a sandwich and a coke--$19.10 & $3 tip.  Wow, must've been a HUGE sandwich, right?  NO!  I was still so hungry I had a couple of tacos minutes later. Top that you say?  NO rye bread?  That's right.  I had to take my Reuben on a french roll. The food was good but I'll never drive across town for this again.Love, love, love this place. There is only 1 thing that I don't like, the parking.. It gets 5 stars because the food is amazing.There are 1300 reviews for this place that all say the same thing.  THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST FUCKING PASTRAMI ON EARTH!  If you have never been here shut up about your favorite pastrami place and get your ass to Langers.Langer's whoops Canter's hiney any day of the week. Best pastrami in LA hands down. Nice thick cuts or pastrami not slivers, appropriate amount of fat to ensure juiciness, and perfect seasoning.This is the best pastrami I have ever had.  I drive out of my way to go here.  This is a must try.  Enjoy.Simply the best Pastrami anywhere, and great new pickles too.I go to NYC 2 x a year and make it a point to grab a pastrami from Katz's everytime.   Don't get me wrong I like Katz's but I think Langer's pastrami is better.  I found Katz's too salty.  Hands down the best deli style pastrami sand in LA.Best pastrami in LA hands down. They have curbside delivery for orders to go which is a big plus!Pastrami and their fries are yummy.  Just be prepared to take a nap after eating a meal here.  The food is really good, but very heavy.Great egg cream, great pastrami.  It would have had 5 stars, but, sorry.... Katz's in NY is better.  (:O)I've been here a few times and i have to say that Langer's has THE BEST PASTRAMI ANYWHERE!!!!!!! This place is in a weird place and it is alittle pricey but well worth it. for you first timers the #19 is the the way to go. Don't forget to get their homemade Cream Soda..Most delicious pastrami ever! I didn't even think I liked pastrami before I tried Langer's. My only qualms are that they close so early and so often. Not to mention the parking is horrendous. The prices are kinda outrageous, too. $20 for a sandwich and some slaw is crazy. Delicious, but crazy.Expensive and in nasty neighborhood but the sandwich is great, probably the best pastrami sandwich I have ever had. Price is ridic but thats what hype buys i guesswhat is everyone talking about?   i ordered the pastrami and i got a piece of disgusting, dripping fat between rye.  the waitress said that it was lean. i sent it back and got a corned beef sandwich instead.  even the corned beef wasn't so great.I love Delis and pastrami. I know Langers is famous for its Pastrami sandwich but when im at a deli I awlays order a pastrami rueben.It was thee most horrible rueben sandwich ive ever had.The kraut was way too tangy and it came with some tragic cheddar or amrican cheese not sure but its was nasty. How does a rueben not come with swiss? As for the condiments I think I seen that mustard at the dollar store befoe and the ketchup tasted like it was waterd down with vinegar. wow times must be tough even at 15 bucks a sandwichThe ruebens at Canters and Nate n Als are 10 times better.Im not going to judge the pastrami itself because I couldnt really taste itdue to the overwhelming power of the sour Kraut and disgusting cheese they had on it. I will go back to try just the pastrami and compare to canters and natesI will say that the service was thee absolute best service I have ever had a Deli tho. The place was jamed packed and I waited maybe 5 minutes for my sandwich to arrive, and the waitress checked up on us at least every 5 minutes after that . I never had to ask for a refill.Im would give 5 stars just for the service alone and  ill judge the pastrami later but only 1 star for the ruebenThis place is hands down the best deli in Los Angeles.  The Pastrami is the obvious choice for first timers.  It is extremely tender and goes perfect with their house russian dressing and superbly baked rye bread.  The only other thing I have tried is the beef brisket, which is equally as outstanding.  I recommend anyone who enjoys Jewish Delis to immediately try this place, don't be afraid of the seedy neighborhood!  The only draw back is that is closes at 4.Went there yesterday with my family, and overall it was good. Everyone else was able to get a number 19, but as I have to eat gluten free due to Celiacs I tried to just order it without the bread and the server got a little attitude and told me to take the bread off when it came... I can't do that, so I ended up having to get something that cost about 5 dollars more and was just a plate of the pastrami with a side of swiss cheese. The pastrami was really good, but my family kept raving about how amazing the sandwich was and I felt a little let down. I recommend that they have the staff take a class on food allergies and offer a better tasting option for others like myself...This place is pretty amazing.... Even though you are right in the middle of a busy (& less than savory) neighborhood you walk into the deli and you are instantly thrown back in time. So me and a friend had the famous #19 (pastrami swiss coleslaw and russian dressing) and it definitely lived up to its hype minus the extra fat we had on our cuts. Our waitress, Joan, was such a character we were thankful for her experience and sass haha. Definitely a great sandwich place, if only the parking situation was better..I had the #19. I thougth it was pretty good, but I had to ripp off all the edges of the bread. Mine was rock hard. Somebody could break a teeth over it, lol. And as so many people have pointed it out. It's very pricey for a sandwich. It was a good sandwich, but not good enough to match the price tags. There are plenty of places around LA where you can treat your tummy to better for less.I think the waiting staff has a union and that helps keep the place what it is. Continuity, that is the word. The neighborhood may have deteriorated but Langer's has retained its essence.  Yes, if you want the best hot pastrami sandwich on the best crusty baked-on-the- premises rye bread West of the Mississippi, this is still the joint. You can buy a loaf over the counter and have it put into a paper bag, not plastic.That way it will keep its crust. Do you even know that bread is supposed to have a crust? So it's a restaurant. It's about the food and normally I'd say screw the 'dining experience' BS. The truth is that the food at Langer's is not always the best except for a few items like the pastrami and the bread. But in this case even I will also add that it's about the damn 'dining experience'. Mercifully absent, however, will be the wannabe actor who places one hand behind his back to pour your over-priced glass of wine, you sucker. The waitress here started in the seventies and matches the decor. She is now a grandmother. She calls you honey out of long habit, not artifice. She is a walking reminder of what used to be without the phony golden nostalgic glow. She is authentically warm, efficient, courteous, and when necessary tough as nails. She is not in her head. She is from an era when you didn't need to achieve your dream, you just needed to be a 'mench'. And yes, you might bump into our tiny mayor here but he's here because the eating is good. Again, it is not artifice. It is what is called urban culture. LA mayors and assorted city big-wigs and 'machers' have been coming here for lunch since way back, when the place was still Kosher. (Yes that did change.)All too often urban 'institutions' are sustained by nostalgia long after they have gone down hill past mediocrity to become truly terrible. Not here.Sandwiches were amazing but the prices are very high. Will not return due to overpriced food in the ghetto.Meat? Good, pastrami? Good! Not the BEST deli I ever ate at, but you know what? In a pinch this place is just fine. By the way... stuffed cabbage is not bad at all. I agree with some that if you do the curbside pick up CHECK YOUR ORDER, but then again, what boob doesn't? If you don't you deserve it, don't you? Anyhow, lika da Langers, but yes, there are others that rock just as much if not more. Yelp should organize a pastrami sandwich off so we can all decide, no? Am I asking too many questions? Bon Apetite#19 is the truth.#19 enough saidThis ain't Katz.Mine might be review #1832 but that doesn't mean Langer's isn't as good as is gets! We have eaten here before but today took our kids as a special treat. I love the #10; a big fat juicy pastrami, Russian dressing and Swiss on crunchy crusty,chewy rye bread. The pastrami is second to none in this city. My husband loves the corned beef. Both are perfectly seasoned and sliced to perfection, then stuffed into sandwiches. The meat is tender and well-seasoned with just the right amount of leanness (not too lean). We had the crisp crinkle cut fries on the side because, well, I can just never pass them up! We also had the bowl of matzah ball soup. Two good sized matzah balls in a delicious chicken broth did not disappoint! Both kids had the turkey sandwich and were very happy with it. Sandwiches are big and we definitely have leftovers. I almost forgot...the vanilla milkshake was thick and rich and even came with an ice cold silver cup of extra milkshake to share! Long live Langer's!The parking can be difficult because there is only street parking, but I will say that their take-out orders are completed quite quickly.As the time of my writing this, there are already over 1780 reviews.  So, that's worth noting.  I'll keep this real simple:  Langer's has the best pastrami sandwiches.  Period.  The pastrami does not go through a commercial slicer, shredding it all to hell.  No - they hand slice the pastrami.  The result is a better tasting, better chewing experience.  Instead of stringy paper like meat, you get thick slices of pastrami, piled on excellent rye.  Slather on some brown mustard (not the goyish yellow stuff), split an order of fries with somebody near and dear and go to town.ugh, i really didnt want to do this, but i have to.per boyfriend, it's delicious.per nursing instructor, "heavenly sandwich."per me, MEH.it's.... good. i mean the flavors, the tender pastrami, the softness of the bread, the cole slaw, yeah, it's really well put together. but whatever food orgasms they were experiencing i never had it.  my pastrami was not steamy. my sandwich was not that heavenly.  why and how some of you had mythical, steamy sandwiches will remain a mystery to me.  and unfortunately it was just a normal cold subway like sandwich to me.Whenever I feel like "getting my fatty on", this is where I want to go!  Yes girls, it's ok to put on your stretchiest pants because you are gonna need some room to breath after lunch.  I first heard about the legend of Langer's during the height of my perfect pastrami quest when I lived in SF.  Two years ago I found myself driving down to LA and where do I want to go?  Langer's of course!!  Head over on a sunny Sunday afternoon thinking, "how many sandwiches can I really order without people pointing and whispering at me?"  Park in the special lot that Langer's validates and head on over.  @ss-burglar they're closed on Sundays!!!  A lonely tear falls from my eye.       Fast forward two years and I'm now living in LA.  Yes, now I can expand my waist size whenever I want to!!  Thank you Jewish people for creating this deletable treat.  I'm not sure why this place got bad reviews.  It must be from angry vegetarians or something?  From my point of view you can't really go wrong with any sandwich here.  Make sure you try the rye even if you don't normally like rye because it is amazing.  Seriously I have dreams about the sandwiches here.You know when people hype things up sooo much, and then it comes times for Judgement day, and it's usually ehh.. or mehh.. or man, it wasn't thaaattt good.. Well, Langers! OMGEEEE, you did not do me dirty! Totally lived up to the HYPE! It's not even hype! It's just the best effin sammich I've ever had in my life! I'm gonna make this a monthly thing. I went on a Friday and there was no wait @ around 2 O'clock. I'm scarred to come try it on the weekends because I've heard horror stories about the line, but now that I've actually had that little 1st taste, nothings gonna stop me from coming back for more!Langers is no joke! No only you can get your fake ID outside the resturant, you can get kick ass food! This place has one of the best pastrami in LA. They have a large menu that is executed well.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner is great.  The waitress are like old diner.  The only bad thing is that they charge for spilt meals,  and that you have to take your shank.  It's right across Macarther park.Langer's is in, well, how should I say, a, um, shithole. It's in one of the worst parts of Los Angeles for both gang violence, aggressive homeless begging and bad parking. But you have to go because it's the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. Due to environment, Langer's closes at four pm. They don't even try to stay open after dark. But go for an incredible lunch that will have you swooning in a beef coma for hours afterward. They have great desserts, too! And you'll burn off the energy running back to your car to get the hell out. (My girlfriend just said I was so white for writing this review.) You can even call ahead, tell them what bill you're paying with, and a waiter will meet you at the curb with your order and exact change. Huzzah!All I'll say is that I hate pastrami & I especially hate cole slaw, but goodness to Jesus, that #19 is AMAZING!!! I'm good at eating light, also, but I made myself finish.  Fun experience.Had the famous #19 and it was very good.  It is a bit pricey for a sandwich, and you don't get fries with it!  =)  It's super popular/crowded...but we got a seat at the counter super fast!  Oh, I loved that they gave me 3 pickles with my sandwich!We walked here from LA Live, and boy was it worth it!!   I'm from the East Coast and therefore am very picky about my deli meats and sandwiches.   This as good as it gets...we got the number 44 to share (the sandwiches are massive!) which is the pastrami, Russian dressing and sauerkraut.  Absolutely wonderful, and the rye bread is moist and not too thick where it overpowers the sandwich.    I will totally be back here the next time I'm in downtown LA!  Cheers for great food!This is the quintessential LA deli. In my opinion it is probably better than most New York deli's... just because it's in LA doesn't mean it can't be better than ones in New York.Firstly, it gets really crowded, so go earlier or later during lunch to avoid a wait. It's in downtown LA, and it's a pretty skanky area, but not the worst. Let's get to the food...The ambience is old school and homey. The waiters and waitresses are very attentive and polite and the service is quick. Get #19. It's the best sandwich on the planet. I would probably eat my left testicle for a lifetime supply of #19's. This sandwich must have been created by the sandwich God himself. The fresh rye bread is so heavenly: soft on the inside, yet the crust is crunchy and delectable. The pastrami is obviously the star. It is super juicy and tender and tastes fantastic. It's just perfect. You can also get it lean or extra lean (getting lean is free, but extra lean is $3.25 extra.) Don't get extra lean because the fat is where the flavor's at. The coleslaw is also perfect. Crunchy, crisp, perfectly seasoned, and not too wet. I can't stand when cole slaw is drenched in mayonnaise.  The swiss cheese adds some salt and creaminess, but it's not really needed. The Russian dressing ties it all together with it's tangy sweetness to offset the cheese.  Even the pickles are excellent... I wish there were more.The fries are also fresh and fried well. I've never had a dessert here, but I probably won't try one.What I definitely won't try is their Chicken Club sandwich or Chinese Chicken Salad... are you kidding me, Langers?!? Come on, now.I always say I won't finish the sandwich there; I'll only have one half then take the other home, but it never works out that way. It's just too good.There is a strange kind of criminal in los angeles. In Washington square park in NYC the criminals are very shady and move quickly whereas in MacArthur park it will be freaking mid afternoon and the police are everywhere but nobody seems to care. They still try to sell you drugs,ids etc. The actually deli is okay but not really my thing. The people look sickly and the man next to me described a non malignant growth that he had removed from his arm. He was given some sympathy by the somewhat endearing waitress. I tried to eat my pastrami sandwich but for some reason felt like I was eating cancer.The Number One sandwich (like Number 19 only without Swiss cheese) -it has pastrami, Russian dressing and coleslaw on rye bread? This was a first for me but it was one of the best sandwiches I have enjoyed in L.A. I would put it up there with The Godmother from Bay Cities Italian Deli in Santa Monica, or the chicken salad sandwich from Nate 'n Al's in Beverly Hills and far above the French dips at Philippe's, P.E. Coles or The Dip. The neighborhood is a bit sketchy and the prices are not inexpensive but the food is great. Since Langer's is located near at least four different Metro stops, I will surely be back to try some more of the 97 or so different lunch entrees.my friend has been telling me about pastrami he had up in san francisco...how it's different from LA because I guess it's thicker. yea, i think from my pastrami raids, i'd say LA pastrami is pretty thin cut...so i went on a search for thicker pastrami. we've been to canter's and i thought about that place first off...maybe ask them for a little thicker cut. then i thought about langer's. this place is a little bit of LA history i guess...being open since about late 40s? which boggles my mind...but i can see why. their food is amazing and our waitress, Evelyn (?) was a hoot. man oh man...she gave me a couple good laughs, until she compared me to another asian cashier there that looked like me and brought her over to compare. i know she wasn't tryin to be racist or anything, but my friend had a good laugh about it -_-" it's ok...she's like my long lost white grandma to me, so i didn't take offense. anywho...besides the service, the place definately stayed open all these because because of the food. the pastrami was thick and tender and the rye bread was great. fries nice and hot. iced tea was ok, even though i can really taste the tap water that was used :( sketchy neighborhood...obviously...in macarthur park..even if the cops are monitoring the place, u still feel a little unsafe, maybe that's why they close to darn early, becaue this place would be AWESOME for late night eats..there is a parking lot (thank GOD) that is 1.5 hours free w/validation.Guess I'm just not a sandwich fan.The pastrami on rye bread,coleslaw,russian sauce and swiss cheese (#19) was a little expensive but well worth it. The best I've. ever had. I was introduced to this amazing pastrami by my friend  Harold.Excellent - #19 Lives up to the hype.  Best..pastrami..ever.  They are NOT cash only as some reviews say.  Hesitant to give the 5th star b/c its so expensive.  I am willing to pay for a good sandwich, but $9, $12 would be cool.  $15?! Dang son! the sandwich isn't THAT big. Or at least throw in some fries.  But definitely worth going once or a twice a year and treat your taste buds.Best goddamn deli I've ever eaten. Jesus that pastrami is amazing. Matza ball soup and fries were also yummy. Fuchhhh... So good.As every one else said, this is the SPOT to go when you want some Pastrami SandwhicheI know everyone gets the #19 but I like pastrami dip myself. The fries are perfect. I went with my niece who is from ny and she agreed it was better than Katz.  There is free validated parking a block away.  I would come here any chance I can.Words cannot describe it.YOU HAVE TO GO AND TRY THEIR PASTRAMI !!!Get the #19 (Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Cole Slaw w/ Russian Dressing) or....the #1 (Pastrami, Cole Slaw w/ Russian Dressing) The best I have ever had.......Too bad they close at 4:00 pm, for those of you who work from 9 - 5,I say take a sick day off from work and go to Langer's, it's well worth it !!After having that awkward session with the dentist where she asks me about everything she doesn't need to know about my life while she's in my mouth, I managed to get something out of the experience.  Go to Langers down the street, it's amazing!  I parked my car in their designated lot and in the block I had to walk to the actual shop, people tried to sell me things (social security card, tacky clubbing clothes, and birth control pills come to mind) and men with canes were muttering things to me as they followed me down the street.  Que autentico!  I got to the deli about 11:30 and initially wanted to order for to-go but wanted to take in the ambiance.  I opted for a counter seat.  I wanted 1/2 pastrami and 1/2 corned beef.  Joan, my server said they could do both in one sandwich but not 1/2 of each.  She saw me debating for a while and when I decided on just pastrami, she said she'd get me a sample of the corned beef so I'd know what it tasted like.  I also ordered a side of fries.  As I waited for my order, I noticed a wait for a seat grew exponentially.  So much so that the staff had to kick the people out and wait on the street since they were being a fire hazard.  Other things I noticed, it seems like  family run business.  The dad was the main guy in the dressy clothes and was directing the business, the daughter was helping make sandwiches, serve people, answer the phone, greet people, the whole shabang.  It was kind of heartwarming to see people who probably inherited the business be so dedicated to it's everyday functions.  I also got to talking to the people sitting next to me at the counter.  I had just gotten back from the South when I went here, and I could have sworn Southern hospitality followed me home because people were so friendly!!  An elder guy sitting next to me, who reminded me of Jon Voight, noticed how I was mesmerized by the man that was hand cutting the pastrami.  We struck up conversation and the gist of it is he has been coming to Langer's for 30 years every day for lunch and then we compared the major players in the LA deli scene.  Food came and the first things I noticed: The double baked rye bread was really hard on the outside and the usual rye texture in the middle.  I liked it, but it must've been too much, my mouth was bruised on the inside the day after :/  The pastrami is much thicker since it's hand cut.  It also doesn't have a pepper crust, which I enjoy very much.  Joan forgot to put in my fries, so she rushed the order and comped it anyway.  Sweet lady.  Which brings me to delis and their servers.  Why do delis have servers that look like they've been there for decades?  Probably because they have.Last thing, decor was very tacky.  Walking through the door was like going through a time machine into flashy-tacky Vegas of yesteryear.  Think 1960-70s.  All in all lunch was fun, especially for my first time eating out alone!  As for the food, I won't name names, but I've had better elsewhere.  Langer's wasn't far behind though.Park in their lot down the block and be sure to validate.Yes, the pastrami freakin' rocks as do the french fries, my roast beast sandwich and the numerous refills on the drinks. Yes, the place is an old bit of history that everyone should visit at least once. Yes, it's caddy corner to MacArthur Park which during the Saturday we were there, was filled with families, running children and people proclaiming the end of world. Yes, the parking is ABSOLUTELY horrid and although you can get validated, parking on the street around the joint is dog eat dog. Yes, the surrounding areas/stores make you feel like you are walking in the once bustling section of downtown Tijuana which isn't a bad thing but it certainly helps to speak Spanish if you want to drop some cash. Ghetto fo' sho' Yes, Miss Joan our server and Greg the gentleman who seated us were friendly and professional and I would visit again just for them. Yes, although it took awhile for someone to come and take our order, the food arrived so quickly my head was spinning like Linda Blairs. *********** No, there is no bakery, bummer. No, the excellent customer service did not extend to the snotty chick working behind the counter who took our check. No, there is no restroom on the ground floor, you have to walk UP a mess of steep stairs and if you need a handicap accessible restroom, there is a sign posted that reads" Handicap restrooms around the corner in such and such business" WTH? Which explains why there were hardly any old people at all when we arrived. No, and HELL NO would I ever go eat there at night and that is probably why they close early....you'd be taking your life into your own hands at that point. *********** A great deli for sure but most sandwiches/dishes were in the $10-16 range and our fries were ala carte. We have the fabulous DZ Akins here in San Diego but my Jewish husband who is a pastrami snob says that DZ could hold it's own against Langers any day and it's waaaay closer. Everyone should experience it at least once.This is an LA staple. It's an old restaurant that doesn't even have wheelchair accessible restrooms. I only bring this up because there are directions posted where you can go down the street to use the ADA restrooms if you needed one. I found that humorous. The parking is street parking so it can be hit or miss in a slightly shady looking part of town. Now despite these small inconveniences the food is amazing, the business is organized and well run. The pastrami is the best in town. That's a fact. I get it with a little hot mustard and au juice. uummmmmmmmI usually hate pastrami, but for some reason Langer's pastrami is totally the exception.The pastrami here  is freaking melt in your mouth delicious! Prices are a bit high but the quality makes up for it. Definitely a must try if you are in the area.Another LA historic place..in biz since 1947.. I think.. man, their #19 is to die for, what a great hot pastrami sandwich.. I think it's better then any places I went in New York.  They hand cut the hot pastrami and add Cole slaw.. They also make the hot pastrami sandwich in different ways but #19 is the most famous of them all.. I also tried their breakfast and it was yummy.. can't wait until i go back..Not only was this the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had, the matzo ball soup was the best I've ever had - even better than my Mom's!!  It's better than Katz's and better than Artie's and better than Second Ave Deli.  Plus, the service is awesome.  YEA LANGER'S!Unlimited refills of homemade cream soda.Ok.. 3 stars Plus..   Pastrami.. I need to compare to New York. 2nd Ave. deli and Katz and Sarges on 36th/3rd ave..   for Los Angeles. the sandwhich is quite goodt.   I ordered just plain Pastrami on rye.. .. side of french fries ,which  was just OK , and cole slaw-  quite good.   The one problem I had was the meatloaf sandwhich my friend ordered..  perhaps.. they should stick to Pastrami's only..  truly dissapointing sandwhich....  Waitress upon seing an uneaten sandwhich did not even ask if everything was ok with the meat loaf?    otherwise.. they would get 4 stars.  I will try the #19.. next time..the best Deli EVER!, get the #19! Now.Pricey and in the cuts. But I love me some Jewish deli. Pickles in mustard. Liver n pastrami sammie is what i had, and it was mmhmmm jewlicious!***Over-hyped by free 65th anniversary Pastrami Sandwiches***If it weren't free, would u still rate it 5 stars for a $15 sandwich? Get real.I would rate a 1 star to off-set the 4.5, but even if i did that wouldn't happen.Pros: -Nice thick cuts of pastrami. -Sauce is bomb. Cons: -$15 bucks for a regular sized sandwich it looks like my mom made!? I'd go for $10. $15 is really pushing it, and at that price point I'm expecting a huge sandwich, lots of meat, and maybe throw in some fries and a drink or something.-There are literally 1000s, upon 1000s of deli sandwich places, rarely do you get charged anywhere close to $15 for a regular sized pastrami sandwich.-Rye bread...personally not a fan. I would try a different bread if I (but most likely will not) come back.-I think to change it to a roll they charge you extra? Jesus...Conclusion: Decent sandwich in regards to flavor, I've had better. Worth $15? No way.They raised their prices slightly, but I don't remember feeling so full after just the #19. I think with slight price increase, there was more pastrami inside. Absolutely delicious! My favorite pastrami place. Nothing else compares.if it's your first time here, get the #19. it's a pastrami sandwich with crunchy rye bread, swiss cheese, coleslaw and special sauce. served with pickles on the side.let me take a brief moment to explain to you how good this sandwich is. i personally don't like pastrami sandwiches, but this sandwich is the best sandwich i ever had. you feel me? do i have to say more? go get you some.This place works Philippe's french dip like a speed bag.  There's no comparison.  A #19 here has got awesome sauce thick cut pastrami, but the bread they put that sandwich on takes it to another level.  Crispy outer crust with a soft and chewy inside.  Bread is the foundation of a great sandwich and they've nailed it here.Carnegie is just ever so slightly better. There, I said it. Although this is probably the tenderest, melt-in-your-mouth, filet-mignon-textured pastrami I've ever eaten. I like mine with just a little more spice and kick. Here, they hand-cut their pastrami, so the odd layers retain their juice and flavor. Slicing brisket w/o a machine is a true art form. Unlike others I will not ever order the #19. I'm a purist, and I like to taste the meat without any superfluous accoutrements. Just smokey, spiced meet and bread. If pastrami is that good and moist, it should be all you really need. I also ordered the sweet and sour cabbage borscht, which was good, but not as good as Brent's. The knishes could use some work, as the waitress recommended against them, and suggested I order them a certain style, although I forget what it was. I don't like to order fries at a deli, as I like to keep it as Jewish as possible, knishes or latkes only please.I think people are overstating the seediness of the area. Yes, it's poor; yes, it's Central America; get over it. If you're easily scared, stay in the suburbs. I was not mugged by anyone.Hey gals the pastrami is so good your going to have to skip the idea of watching your figure, good news is that you can order a half and it's still amazingly large, or share with a friend. Promise you will be beyond full!You will not be disappointed! Besides its famous pastrami, Langer's has vegetarian sandwiches too.I m New York born and bred and continually search for worthy deli, pizza, and bagels in the diaspora-and the pastrami on rye that I had at Langer's makes this eternal search worthwhile-simply put, it was the perfect pastrami on rye. I even brought a pastrami virgin with me (what da ya want, he's from Wisconsin-not near Chicago) and he said it was the best thing he had "ever, ever eaten."Ok, Granted. This is not New York and I Love New York!! This is L.A. Baby and Langer's Deli has been here for over 65 years! It must be doing something right!!! It's a great traditional Jewish Delicatessen-Restaurant with old world foods. But, my favorite by far is the hot pastrami sandwiches. The Best seller is Langer's no. 19, Pastrami Sandwich with Swiss Cheese, Cole Slaw and Russian Style Dressing on Rye. I like it! But, I also like to just get the Pastrami Sandwich dry on Rye with plain yellow mustard on the side!!! See what you think and let me know.The No. 19 is phenomenal! and I'm pretty sure thats the census for the majority of their food. I took my buddies there while in la for New Years and they absolutely loved it as did I. The only recommendation I would make is to not visit this place during the night time or while rolling solo as the surrounding area doesnt look too safe. Enjoy and if you do visit No. 19 ALL DA WAY!!!This place is fucking delicious.  GO.Love this place!!! Food was great!!! The service was great!!! Will be coming back for years to come!!!! But parking sucks:(Not as good as expected but better than McDonald's plus super expensive 2 sandwiches 2 soft drink no fries $43 not worth it trust mePastrami and cream soda, the best!The Pastrami melts in your mouth and the Rye bread is soft, but with a toasty crust and its oozing a super, yummy Russian dressing... oh baby! The best Pastrami sandwich ever!!!!!!! Please note that I just came back from NYC and I did eat at Katz Deli which was beyond amazing. This is just as good, if not better!Awesome food!  I got the number 1. Pastrami sandwich. Very good and friendly service. Wished they stayed open later...After reading such great reviews about Langers, I had to try it.  I love pastrami, and this place did not disappoint.  The slices of pastrami were thick and juicy mmmm i want some now hehe.  We also tried the chopped liver plate which was decent, they dont have chopped chicken liver plate, and i was sad, but the pastrami and great.  Even the rye bread was amazing. the crust was thick and crispy and the bread was soft...so GOOD!! the only reason it get 4 out five is because thats a pretty expensive sandwich.... 13 bucks WOW!! but will def come back, just once in a while!My husband said it all, "I was expecting a lot more than I got." Two weeks ago I took my team to Langer's for lunch and I'd say my pastrami sandwich was pretty good (had it with russian dressing, sour kraut and muenster cheese). I took my husband yesterday. He thought the sandwich was decent, but that the sides we tried (potato salad, coleslaw and macaroni salad) were not outstanding. I actually liked the coleslaw and potato salad more than he did.  The best thing eaten was the rye bread which had sufficient caraway seeds to honestly say it was rye. Although I can't be sure, the crustiness made me think it was properly double-baked.  I was rather embarrassed about all the trouble we took to go there because my sandwich two weeks ago was a lot better than yesterday's. My spouse owned up to not wanting to hurt my feelings, but finally gave me his honest assessment this morning. He wouldn't go back. Based on my first experience, I probably will. Overall, I'm still in search of the best pastrami sandwich. It existed 33 years ago in the cafeteria of the ground floor of the furniture mart when it was located on Broadway in downtown LA or somewhere around there, but once it moved, the heavenly and well-spiced pastrami in Los Angeles just disappeared. But still looking ...Langer's cheesecake was pretty bland, not terribly interesting.  The applie pie with brandy sauce was tastier, but the consistency was mushy (mostly pastry as I had trouble finding the apple) and reminded me of what would be served in a lower rated dining establishment.One hint ... the sandwich is so big and generous that you can order one for two people.  We ordered one apiece and ended up taking one home.It almost deserves 4 stars based on the wonderful waitress we had, Joan, who picked up the slack when there was a slight snafu with our order.What can I say that hasn't been said already? The #19 pastrami with cole slaw is out of this world. I had it for lunch and didn't even feel like eating dinner later on that evening. My cousin who's 6'1'' and 240 lbs had the #11, Turkey and ham . He could not believe how big the sandwich was and was only able to eat half.I have to agree with those who say Langer's makes the best pastrami sandwich in LA. At around $15 for a sandwich it is not cheap but oh so worth it. We ordered a platter which comes with pastrami, cheese, coleslaw, chopped liver, baked beans and fries. You can build your own sandwich with the veggies and items on the platter and it is so good. Best chopped liver I've tasted too. The bread is toasted just right and the baked beans and fries aren't bad too. Langer's had a lot of hype to liver up to and it definitely did.It was good again! This time I tried the pastrami with chopped liver on rye with Russian dressing. OMG sooooo good! I was scared at first to try the chopped liver but it was good. I think they put a little too much of it on the sandwich. I think next time I'll ask them to add a little Cole slaw for me. Mmmm finger licking good.I tried the famous number 19 and it lived up to the reputation! Langers is delicious! The pastrami was flavorful but not too fatty and the dressing brought together the coleslaw, meat and cheese.  I also appreciate that Langers has kept it's original decor.  It's a great piece of LA culture that I would highly recommend!#19 is the most famous thing here.    This is probably the best Pastrami in California.   I can probably say a bunch of interesting things on why this place is great like the bread is double baked and that the Pastrami is hand cut for everyone.   What you need to know is that you have to go eat here at least once in your life.   This is one of those LA food institutions that is "worth a visit".Two visits to Langers, and had the pastrami on rye with cheese and Russian dressing, both times; the second time I went with the #19 which is the same as listed but also with coleslaw.... their most popular and WITH GOOD REASON - it is absolutely THE BEST.  This is not fast-food thinly sliced "curly' pastrami; it's thicker sliced, tender and sweeter, almost braised pastrami.  The rye - normally I'm not a fan; but this rye is mild, with a delicious snappy crust and soft tender bread.  The caraway does not overpower it.  The Russian dressing- slightly sweet, tangy; the coleslaw barely touched by mayo, crispy, mild - the cheese, also mild and just goes with everything.  OMG Langers #19 is up there on my "must haves" list- when you want it, nothing else will do.  Expensive, $14.45 for the #19 which does not include a side except for their pickles.  Parking in the area is hard to find and the area itself (MacArthur Park/Langers Square) sketchy and not the cleanest.  But the sandwich is stellar... hubby likes the dip on a french roll with cheese.  The potato salad is also quite good and mild.We try to park a few blocks over on side streets.The number 19 was everything that I expected and I am so glad that I tried this!  My friend ordered a club sandwich that was out of this world also.  The meats are so tender and just melt in your mouth.  The service was not as good as I would hope for.  Both the cashier and the server didn't seem very enthusiastic nor attentive.  The food was the reason for the 4 stars.The closest I've had to east coast pastrami - thick cut and served on rye bread with pickle spears on the side. THE best in LA methinks. The pastrami falls apart without you needing to chew and I don't recall having any problems with the bread being too rough on the roof of my mouth. We also got corned beef hash sandwiched with sauerkraut served with their russian dressing. Also awesome. These sandwiches are larger than normal so it may be best to share and order more variety. I wish I had room to try more...their menu is HUGE.I will give this place credit for being there for ever. When I walked into this place its like going back in time. So I went with the crowd n got the #19. The bread was okay. I really like the crust but hate the seeds in the rye bread. The pastrami was nice a meaty cuts, no thin wimpy deli slice here it was pretty thick for a sandwich and I like. I also order fries and it was nothing special. The fries were the crinkle cut like back in elementary school. Not good.#19!!!!!  Pastrami w/ cole slaw, swiss cheese, russian dressing on rye bread.  One bite and I was in love!  The sandwich was stuffed with thick juicy cuts of pastrami...best pastrami ever!  Tried the #55, corned beef and it was ok.  The mac salad is really good too.Started to have a craving for it and had not been there for a long time.  Still as good as I remembered it.  I sat up at the counter this time and my server was really sweet and attentive even though the place was packed.In NY delis you get way more meat for the same price but Langer's give just enough to fill up a grown man.  I got the grilled pastrami with Sauerkraut + cheese and it was great.  This ain't no "Hat" so definitely expect a higher quality tasting cut of pastrami and fixings.  The prices are actually a little expensive so minus 1 star.  I guess you're paying quality over quantity here.  They need to update their menu though.  Simply looking at it makes you feel like you're playing a game of monopoly!  It's pretty confusing so stick with the basics.   Parking in the lot 1 block down is free /w validation.  Tip: pay up front!I'll admit that the only reason I went to this place was because it was featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (one of my favorite shows).  I ordered #19 which was a pastrami sandwich with Swiss cheese, Russian dressing on rye. Excuse me while I wipe the drool off my mouth, but it was pretty damn amazing. We also ordered corned beef and cabbage which was served with a huge half slice of cabbage with the meat on top.  That was pretty good although I think I would prefer less cabbage and more meat. =)   As for side orders, the macaroni salad was pretty good (not spectacular) and the home fries are basically country potatoes.The best pastrami I've ever had. Usually when I think of pastrami I think of greasy fatty pastrami from the Hat. But Langers is the complete opposite. I ordered the #1 which was the pastrami with russian dressing sauce and cole slaw and we ordered some fries as well. This place is truly a diamond in the rough... before because it is in the middle of... well downtown LA. Parking is a b*tch because we failed to see the langer's parking lot a block away. Anyways... the sandwich came on rye bread which was incredibly soft, but the crust was crunchy and fresh. The pastrami strips were thick and cut with minimal fat. The cole slaw added a nice touch to the sandwich. I definitely want to go back to try something else. I loved the decor as well, it really felt like I time traveled. Our waiter was friendly and got us everything we needed. Definitely try it!Yup, the #19 is to die for. Pastrami with coleslaw and cheese. Big menu too. Good place to go if you're in the area for lunch. It did get crowded though. I like the classic diner vibe.Langers is an institution in LA and rightfully so.  Carnegie & Katz in their own right are institutions in NYC.  First I wont join the debate and defend that Langers makes  the best pastrami in the US.  I will not say that NY delis reign supreme over Langer's pastrami either...  that would just make me a biased ignoramus.  What I do know is the pastrami at Langers is different from Carnegie's or Katz' versions and I like Langers' version .....more.   It is hot pastrami cooked using a different recipe, period.  After the initial cooking,  it is smoked, deliciously spiced until it's tender and luscious!!!!   So to compare NY pastrami to this preparation is to me, a bit narrow minded.   I have had many variations to this sandwich here.   My favorite version is  with Langer's crusty French bread, au jus and  cole slaw  on the side and I am supremely happy when I come visit.  I know no other place that can serve me this sandwich.   I am in heaven.  If Im hungry,   I like it with coleslaw and Russian dressing on rye and finally of course who can deny that this pastrami on rye and mustard rocks the yummytummy meter?  The smokiness of this recipe makes this pastrami stand out from other recipes.   It is noteworthy but its different from a NY style pastrami recipe.    I keep coming here and indulge regularly.  JYFMY!Hands down, best spot for Pastrami's!  I've never tasted a better one and being a distance away now, I miss it sooooo much!!!!My friend and I shared a regular pastrami sandwich and a salami sandwich with swiss on sourdough.  Both sandwiches tasted good and you get a big portion.  I wish they did come with something else like potato salad, fries, etc.  The only down side to this place would be that their prices have gone sky high.Wow - #19 - hands down the best sandwich I've ever had!!!!  EVER, in my life.  Rocked my world!  The rye bread must of been made that day.  It was fabulous!  I will become a regular at this place.  The free parking validation one block away on Westlake and 7th is great too!  The slaw, the pastrami, the swiss, the rye... I just experienced a glimpse of heaven!  Cheers to Langer's - a FABULOUS institution!!!I had high expectations, mainly because of the commotion around Langer's as the best pastrami in LA or even in America. I wouldn't go as far as giving it that label, but it's fairly good. I went with the famous #19. The pastrami is very thickly sliced and lean. Although a smidge on the dry side. The rye bread they use is genius. For some reason it doesn't get soggy or fall apart despite the large quantity of meat, coleslaw, and dressing that is inside. They do charge a whopping 15 bucks for a sandwich and a pickle (but the pickle is really good and the sandwich is huge). One con: there is no parking anywhere! Street parking is almost impossible to find. Good luck even finding a vacant spot to park temporarily for curbside pick up. There's only one tiny spot in front of a bus stop that holds one car at a time. Good to try at least once but probably won't be a regular.Holy #19!!!! I thought I'd had pastrami but clearly I had no idea how good it could be! Ok we came here on our lunch hour and surprisingly we were seated immediately. We placed our orders and our plates arrived literally 5 minutes later. Now that's service! The sandwich was heavenly. The pastrami was flavorful and moist, the rye bread was oh so soft in the middle with a very nice crispy crust. So delicious. We will be back!The No. 19 is a decent version of the reuben sandwich but I still like the reuben better. Their pastrami doesn't have the strong peppery flavor that I like it tastes more like regular corned beef. This place is a tourist trap that I don't particularly care for with prices that kill a travelers budget. You have to go to say you have been there but I would just order the pastrami on the french roll double dipped and you will enjoy the experience much better than the famous no. 19.Went with boyfriend for lunch on a Saturday. Yes it's open on Saturday. I felt conflicted when i gave the rating because the sandwich (with corn beef) my boyfriend ordered was very good, which deserves a 4 star in my opinion. But I ordered chicken livers. It's good portion, i.e. HUGE and lasted me for more than 2 meals. But the livers were plain and not tender enough. It's 2 star quality at most. Service was bad. The waitresses either ignore you or show you a long face. But for the good sandwich's sake, I would give a three star. I won't order anything else if I'm going again.Ok after attending the 65th anniversary of langers in which diners receive a free #19, I must bump this place up to a five. Goddamn that's a good sandwich. Btw I didn't order the 19 last time so I'd like to think I'm not biased just because I got free food. The 19 is famous for a reason!!! Love you langersI came here for their 65th anniversary. Free #19 Pastrami.  I'm not a big fun of Pastrami sandwiches..but hey, Langer's.. you are awesome. Delicious.Ate here on a trip back from San Diego. Me and my girlfriend ordered and shared the #19 pastrami, swiss and coleslaw on rye bread. While we were waiting the guy behind the counter gave us some pastrami to try. It was the best pastrami I have ever tasted. Sandwiches are pricey at 15$ but are big and filling. If your in the area check it out.I don't do pastrami.  I do turkey.  They show no love to the turkey sandwich.  It is a bit on the dry side.  Parking is ok.  They have a parking lot, but it does fill up quick!So-so experience here. My impression is that if you aren't hip to how you're supposed to order, they treat you like you're a moron. We ordered a hot pastrami sandwich with sauerkraut. The meat was delicious. Definitely the best pastrami I've ever had. It just falls apart in your mouth. Perfect.However, we were charged for a SIDE of sauerkraut, even though I ordered the pastrami sandwich with sauerkraut in the sandwich and even pointed to it on the menu. Well when I asked the waitress to change the bill, she did it willingly, but only after acting like I was an idiot. Apparently if I say "I'd like the hot pastrami sandwich with sauerkraut" (which is exactly how it appears on the menu) it means I want a side. If I want the sandwich with the sauerkraut on it, I have to say I want a #4. Problem is, the front of the menu doesn't list the menu item numbers, SO HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT?Pretty good food but a rushed and inattentive staff earn this place 3 stars.Had always heard about number 19 at langers on the radio, so i tried it. Its BOMB!!!!!! 1st thing I didnt like is why it was 17 dollars for a sandwich, fries and a drink. Thats too much money for it even though its great. Parking was terrible, good thing my friend was with me to get out of the car to get it while I spun around the block. Arent they supposed to bring the food to your car? well they didnt. I would only go back if I am really craving Langers because it is too much for the food.I understand why Langer's has been here for so long. It's great, classic East coast style deli. The pastrami is fantastic and keeps well for take out. The corn beef hash is tasty as well. The parking was pretty tricky to find, the lots located on 7th and  westlake. I recommend if you don't mind paying a little extra for a casual lunch.It's good, but w/ the smaller portions and the prices going up as if was 3012 rather than 2012 it's getting a lil sad.  I tried some other sandwiches and a classic rib eye sandwich w/ bread meat lettuce and tomatoe for $13?, Hmmm....if it was the whole steak I would agree, but w/no sides and no drink and a quarter of the steak, wow...kind of a rip offThis is a GREAT Deli. Totally New York. Just check out there website soo much food soo little time, and I mean little time. They close at 4pm and all day Sunday. It's really hard to make it here before 4pm, I first saw this place on PBS, they did a story about the owners and how they've been there since the 50's. I had the Pastrami and it was to die for. It's big slices of pastrami on toasted rye bread. The pastrami has been cured to perfection. I'm sad I can rarely come here because I get off of work at 5pm so they are closed by then. They do have curbside delivery which is good.Heaven in your mouth...Hands down this is the BEST pastrami you will ever eat in your life.  Screw The Hat or any other pastrami place you have in mind.  No...just....no!  This is the place.  For awhile, I thought pastrami was supposed to taste a bit dry and sour.  Nope!  This place will open your eyes and tastebuds to a whole new work.  The pastrami was sweet and so moist that it just melted in your mouth with every bite.  Langer's doesn't skimp on the portions either...each sandwich is packed with so much meat that the pastrami is falling everywhere.  Its a bit of stretch to finish one full sandwich in 1 sitting but its doable.  To be honest, I'm a bit ashamed to admit it but at times...I purposely force myself to only finish half so I can save the other half to eat later.  Good news is that the reheated sandwich is just as good as the first time you ate it.  Aside from the pastrami, the malt shakes aren't are no joke either.  Places just don't make shakes with the same type of texture consistency that Langer's does.  Its greeeeat!Though the food is awesome, the service could use a bit of work.  Its been a hit or miss for me.  Some servers have been on the ball and attentive as ever while others have been extremely neglectful.  So pretty random for me.  One thing to note is that the parking lot is located at the end of the block.  Free with validation from Langer's.I got the number 19 per everybody's recommendation.  It was good, but I must say that I was expecting more to it than what I had.  I don't do pastrami often.  In fact, I think I've only had it a handful of times in my life.  But who can resist trying a yelp favorite?  I dig the curbside service, which is perfect for morning grub.  It was nice trying something different.the pastrami blew my mind.  i never even knew i liked pastrami.you pretty much have to order this the first time you visit langers, then maybe experiment with other meals later if you are so inclined.the notoriety of langers means that they can do whatever they want, like be located by macarthur park and close every sunday.this place is packedalways hear about it on the radio so i finally decided to give it a tryordered the popular pastrami sandwich with slaw and russian dressingsandwich was goodportion was decentprice was decent3 starsrecommendedI've actually been to this place years ago and came back here a second time to remind myself of my first experience. Once again, I ordered the infamous number 19. In regards to taste, I would rate this 5/5. I haven't tried that many Pastrami sandwiches but I've had a fair share to compare. This Pastrami's flavor was just right and with their special spread on the bread, it brought it up another notch. The portion was average and the presentation ordinary. The interior was spacious but always crowded with people from all walks of life. Parking is quite difficult as it is located off a very busy street and I don't recall them having their own parking lot. If you like Pastrami, this is a Must Try!This place is fantastic! I ordered the number 3 and was not disappointed. I didn't realize this sandwich came with mustard, which I don't like, and not Russian dressing and still loved it! I have been to several of the Deli style places in DTLA and this place is the best. Have never had a bad meal. They are a little pricey but one sandwich can easily feed more than one person.I'm feeling vaguely generous tonight and since Langer's was nice enough to give me a free Pastrami last time I was there, I shall oblige and return the favor with a free, glowing endorsement by yours truly.Actually, disregarding the fact that the sandwich was free, it was still, by a couple of nautical miles, the best pastrami sandwich I had ever had. Bar none. I must have been Jewish in another life time because I absolutely love pastrami on rye. It's a beautiful combination.The rye at Langer's is something to be marveled over. I swear, they must have hired some structural engineers to concoct that bread. Marvelously soft in the center, with a heartily crisp crust. Enough structural integrity to hold the Titanic within it, but enough yield to allow a recently de-wisdom-toothed teenager to bite through it (don't try it though, I'm just embellishing).Thick, fragrant slabs of Pastrami line the hallowed insides of the sandwich. Placed ever so perfectly above one another like pleasant, meaty snowdrifts. This isn't your paper thin-sliced Carl Buddig Pastrami if you know what I mean (shouts out to 99 cent deli packets poor college boy concept).The coleslaw I can somewhat do without, especially because it'll make the sandwich soggy should you want to savor the heavenly creation at some latter date and time. But I understand the reasoning behind it, and laud its inclusion.With all of that said, $15 is a little steep for my tastes. As mentioned above, I am a poor college boy, and I can't afford to be shelling out 3 Lincolns (is he on the $5 bill? I hope to God he is, otherwise I'm going to be looking like a fool) for a sammich. I'd rather just make 15 Carl Buddig pastrami sandwiches. Not really.Oh yeah, and I'm obviously talking about the famed #19. I also had fries but those weren't anything special. Crinkle cut were always the lame step child in the french fry world. I was going to use a more provocative analogy, but I think I should keep things tame.Pretty darn good. Quite pricey but worth it.Best pastrami ever...period. I know, I know, this place isn't what it used to be ( I know - I've lived a few blocks from it most of my life), but if like me, you hate think soggy slices of pastrami on an even soggier roll, then the thick slab of meat on toasted rye bread is pure bliss. Mmmmmmmmmmm!!! If the neighborhood still scares you, do the curb service.Great Pastrami and Swiss which is very rare in the Bay Area, very old school deli with lot's of atmosphere it's just the area that's gross, ghetto and dirty. My bud lived around the corner on Westlake for a few months ,my car's  stereo was stolen while I was visiting so I am familiar with Westlake. I wish Langer's moved to Kosher Canyon instead. It's noble that they are still standing and holding their grown in the middle of all the dross.Got the #19. Without a doubt the pastrami is top notch, however...1. While the rye bread is really good the outside crust is too hard.2. The coleslaw on the #19 I feel distracts from the quality of the meat. If I was to go there again I would just get a regular pastrami and swiss on rye sans the crust. Also $17 (incl. tip) for a sandwich is pretty pricey.Good New York style sandwiches. Pastrami on rye with coleslaw. Hello!One word, meltinyourmouthdeliciousness!!!! As others have mentioned, this is in a horrid neighborhood, I completely understand why they close at 4pm everyday. I've been told about this place and have been wanting to try it but given it's location I've always put it off. Armed with my brother (he's not a linebacker, but he's familiar with ALOT of LA) I headed to Langers for the first time. Some precautions. BAD neighborhood. Parking is almost a block away diagonally across the street. Immediately as I stepped out of the car this gross, "jabba the hut" looking man asked me if I needed an ID or a passport. That would be a NO! First of I'm 3..let's just say 30-something, and why the hell would I buy an ID or Passport from some disgusting slob in a parking lot??? WTH? Gross! However, once you step inside it's a whole 'nother world. The place is clean, with it's old school diner vibe and an assorted mix of customers. You really do forget where you are, until of course you are done with your meal and have to make that walk back to your car :(Ok so back to the yumminess that was Langers. I of course ordered their famous Pastrami sandwich. I didn't go all that way and drive and walk through that terrible neighborhood to get anything else. Let me say it was SO worth it! YUM! While I didn't order their #19 combo (their most popular), I did order just a basic Pastrami on a french roll.  The meat pretty much melts in your mouth! There is a bit of fat in the meat (you can order it extra lean, I think it's an add'l $.50 or a $1??) but it's pretty tender and like most foods that are "unhealthy" added a bit of savory tenderness and flavor. The meat is hand cut so it's a bit thicker than what I've had elsewhere but it's so tender and juicy and not tough or chewy. So delicious! The sandwich is served with pickles, but if you want a side, it's extra. My brother and I shared the french fries, which of course were the old school crinkle fries. They came out hot, and crispy, a perfect accompaniment to the sandwich. The service was good, prompt, friendly and quick. We got refills, extra pickles, etc. I wish this place was in a better part of town because I'd probably be there a few times a month just for that damn pastrami. But given it's location I'm not sure when I'll be back....but I definitely will!Good pastrami sanwhich, but not worth $12.  Bad part of town. I would not bother.  I never returned.Ah, the famed Langer's. This place has been on TV, the STREET is named after Langer's, and an everlasting memory will exist between me and this deli.Hate me for saying this, but the first time I came here, I did order the #19, but I asked to have with (wait for it...) no swiss! I felt ashamed, knowing that I was missing out on the true flavor that this sandwich has to offer.I admit, I'm just not particularly fond of cheese in general. That being said, I am expecting many Yelpers to officially have hitmen on me.ANYWAY, I came back one day to get the #19, and I got the works. It really is one of the best pastramis I've ever had. I hear Katz in New York is pretty famous, too, but that's another story.Also, if you plan to get some fries with your sandwich, get a small order. You'll be surprised to see that the large may be too much for one person, especially since it's a stuffed sandwich.Well, now I know where I wanna go for breakfast. Only downside, does it REALLY have to be in this neighborhood? I guess beneath the pile of trash lies the treasure you're after; and Langer's is the place. When you folks drive by here, you'll know what I mean.oh #19 sandwich, how i love theefrom the warm rye bread with the super crunchy crust, to the refreshing coleslaw, to the tasty sauce, and finally to the THICK and OH SO JUICY pastrami, if i had to choose a sandwich as my last meal, the #19 would definitely be the sandwich i choosebeware everyone, the sandwich may look small, but it s EXTREMELY filling, i always, and i mean ALWAYS have trouble finishing it when i'm halfway throughbut the sandwich is just so good, that i can't let the other half go to waste!there's also a parking lot (with 1 hr validation) just down the street at the next corner, which is convenientmy only gripe, is that the sandwich costs around $14so expensive, but just so gosh darn good!Langer's quite simply has the most delicious pastrami I've tasted. The pastrami meat is delicious with just the right amount of clove.  It's sliced by hand and the result is perfectly sized pastrami pieces. I would be happy to make a meal of the rye bread alone. It has a hint of sourness, the bread is soft and fresh with a nice crunchy crust.Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had!Classic.  I know what I'm getting... some o.g., tastes more classic than Oinkster, but equally good sandwich.  Fatty, tasty, almost drippy.  Dippy.  Do.I call in advance to pick up my pastrami sandwiches curbside, which is excellent because parking is horrible. Langer's is the place to go for the BEST pastrami sandwich on the West Coast!!! I still can't say which is better, Langer's or Katz's Deli in NY. They both send me to pastrami heaven and both are expensive, so to keep it simple I will say that Langer's is the West Coast competition of Katz's Deli. Yes, this is debatable and many people will claim that here is better or Katz is better so this will always be up for debate. But the one thing Langer's has that Katz doesn't is this... excellent customer service! Katz doesn't care about customer service and they treat people as if they need to kiss up to Katz because they know their sandwiches are good. The sandwich also tastes more fresh in Langer's. Did I mention that you can use your credit card here? Katz is cash only. But this is open for discussion on which is better. I have my East Coast-West Coast favorite.#19 all the way, baby!I feel like I'm majorly going against the grain on this one, but here's my explanation for the 3 stars. I've driven past this place daily for the last few months and there is always a line outside waiting. I assume that means this place rules. So I was seated instantly and Frank was my waiter. Frank was awesome. I ordered an ice tea and the supposed holy grail: #19. I thought the Cole slaw came on the side, but it came on the sandwich. I wish I would have known because I'm not a huge mayonnaise fan whatsoever. Plus there was a Russian style dressing on it as well. Bottom line: the pastrami was probably the best I've ever had, the bread (rye, and I am not a giant rye fan) was amazing. It has this delectable crustiness that was the perfect consistency. Swiss cheese was great. I just can't hang with all of that mayo. I think they should either stick with the Cole slaw OR the dressing but not both. That's overkill to me. I'm sure this would be most peoples wet dream but I can't endure it.  The service was lightning fast. I was in and out in 20 min (I do inhale my food as though I was in prison "chow time" however). My biggest complaint was when the bill came. $22 for a sandwich (with no sides!!!!)  an ice tea, and tip.  Come on. That's ludicrous. With how much business they get you think they could lower the price? I mean it was good but not worth the price. I will come back but I'll just wait until pay day and be sure to order it without the dressing. Another thing, I think I'm currently having a heart attack.What a great LA experience. This is the kind of place to take out-of-towners, and they will never forget it. Even the 2-minute walk from the Metro station was entertaining - a man cooking meat over a grill made in a shopping cart, a woman selling a green peeled and cut fruit I couldn't recognize (cherimoya?), and multiple offers for fake IDs and other papers. The location is admittedly a little rough, but the proximity to the Metro makes it easy to take.Tip: if there's a line (ours was about 12 people deep for lunch on Saturday), ask for a counter seat. No waiting!The menu is HUGE and most things are pretty pricey - around $15 for a sandwich. Everyone recommends the #19, which is their world-famous pastrami with swiss cheese, coleslaw and Russian dressing. Unfortunately, that sandwich is HUGE (more than I can eat, and the husband doesn't like pastrami). We were also headed to downtown LA on the Metro for an architecture walk in 90 degree heat, so leftovers weren't really an option. They do sell 1/2 of a #19, but it's only about $1 less than the whole, so instead I settled for 1/2 of a regular pastrami on rye, with a side (coleslaw) for about $12. And yes, it was as fantastic as everyone makes it out to be. The bread was fresh, crispy on the edges and soft inside, the pastrami was thick, caramelized on the ends, and flavorful. The sandwich did not need dressing, cheese or even mustard to make it amazing. The coleslaw was also good - very little mayo (I hate mayo) and tiny bits of green bell pepper that added an interesting flavor.Husband doesn't like pastrami (or corned beef), so he was going to get a 1/2 roast beef sandwich, but our waitress (Barbara) recommended the brisket sandwich instead, because they make the brisket in-house, but the roast beef is just deli roast beef. He took her advice and loved it.We'll definitely come back here when I get another pastrami itch. I'd also like to try one of their egg creams or phosphates. And the 4-layer chocolate cake with white frosting looked pretty amazing, too.Seated promptly, and was immediately told by the waiter that they serve the best pastrami sandwich in the world, and he eats it every day. 2 things; 1. had he really been to EVERY purveyor of pastrami sandwiches in the world? And 2. He was only a slip of a bloke, so no way he could work out enough to hold down a full time job AND lose that much weight. I ordered the hot pastrami sandwich on rye with chilli fries. Pastrami good but very overrated. Gabi's diner in London or the farmers market on 3rd st do better, not to mention Katz deli in NY. Fries were school dinner type and below average. Would not go out of my way to come here, and honestly don't know what the fuss is about. Anyone who says this place has the best pastrami in the world hasn't been to Katz for a start.I'm not from New York so I may be sheltered but the #19 Pastrami with Cole Slaw is one of the best damn pastrami sandwiches I have ever had! Yes it's expensive but considering the portion and the quality, well worth it.Absolutely fabulous!! Definitely delicious & worth the money!! Can't wait 2 save up & go back!! Lol jkCorned beef with cole slaw, russian dressing, on rye!  Possibly the best sandwich I ever ate.  Corned beef is moist and tastes wonderful.  Cole slaw and dressing give it a nice little sweet crunch.  Somehow, the sandwich eats lighter than expected.  I scarfed the whole thing with some fries and a diet coke.  Afterwards I felt great and tripped around without feeling full and tired.  I tried the pastrami, and while it is as good as people rave, I prefer the corned beef.  Heavy traffic and expensive parking, so take the Red line.Best Pastrami in the Nation. Absolutely worth dodging the rubber bullets for.Langer's has taken the top spot in my book when it comes to deli sandwiches. And to think it wasn't really that close is really sad. Langers usurped Greenblatt's and Canter's for this prestigious title. The only negatives are the part of town (MacArthur Park) and the times/days at which it is open. It closes early and doesn't open on Sundays. But it is convenient to the subway station, so it balances.By far, the best pastrimi I've ever had. It's expensive but worth it and the garlic infused pickles are so delish!What to say about Langer's that hasn't already been said? Langer's is a legend, an LA institution. If this isn't the best sandwich in America it's gotta be up there. I'm not going to even try to describe it, just come and experience it for yourself. The only downside is the price tag which comes out to $15+ for a sandwich and more if you get fries. As for the location, it's NOT THAT BAD people. Yes it does resemble TJ a little bit and yes it has bums on the street but really what part of LA doesn't. And plus you can score a fake ID along with your sandwich if you want to. So all you westsiders and valley folks, don't be scurred, come experience the magic of the #19.After years of not having been here, I made a return visit recently and the pastrami sandwich was as good as I remembered in my head.  People in NYC constantly rave about Katz' Deli's pastrami sandwich, but for me, give me a #19 from Langers anyday.  It's in the ghettos and you really have no reason to be in this area, but make it a note to visit and try their pastrami sandwich.  It's worth it.The #19 has got to be the best sandwich in Los Angeles. And I don't even like pastrami that much. Well worth the 14 bucks.Had the pastrami sandwich. One of the best Ive ever had. Had it to go and ordered it once I got there. They knocked it out in less than 5 minutes.It's what Canter's wishes it could be. The pastrami is so tender that a toothless person could make short work of it. Strangely, the bread is equally soft. Next time I'd get my bread toasted. It's true what they say about the neighborhood being sketchy. When exiting my car in broad daylight I was followed by a guy asking if I wanted to buy fake IDs.Been coming here for years and I still argue it's hands down the best pastrami in LA. Better than Canter's and better than anywhere else you want to suggest. I come here to leave full and with a smile on my face.Yum! This place has great thick cut pastrami! The prices are a bit much for a sandwich, but considering the size and the quantity of the meat the price is reasonable I suppose.  The area is sketchy, but the feel of the restaurant is cozy and classic.Believe the hype.  Loved that the pastrami isn't as salty as most other places, like the Hat.  I had the #19.  The cole slaw complimented the pastrami so well.  It was definitely a filling sandwich and I had to take half of it to go.  I was afraid it was going to be soggy but I was pleasantly surprised that it was still almost as good as when i ate the first half.  Fries are also crispy and very generous.  Can't wait to come back!I found this place on that show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate". I watch that show all the time. So once, when we were about to head down to LA and saw it on the show, we figured we had to check it out. We weren't disappointed. At first, when we were headed there, we were skeptical. It isn't in the best neighborhood. I always worry about parking my car in a neighborhood where there are bars on all the windows and grafitti everywhere. But I grinned and bared it, and figured, hell that is what insurance is for. So we get inside and it looks like a mom and pop diner. Our waitress was a sweet little old lady. We split the #19 pastrami with swiss and coleslaw sandwich and on rye and got a dinner salad to share. The food was awesome! Best sandwich I ever ate, hands down. I even liked the rye bread, which is a first for me. Usually I find rye to be disgusting. The salad was good too. Very large with several interesting toppings. Minus a star for price and location. $15 for a sandwich in a diner located in the ghetto is a bit steep. It doesn't even come with fries. Just the sandwich and pickles. I make a point to go whenever I am in LA though, because the sandwich is that awesome.I've been here twice. During the first visit I got the "Best Thing I Ever Ate" favorite #19 and then plain hot pastrami on rye the second. Since I've been eating more pastrami (I can walk to the Oinkster) I realized I don't like too much stuff in my sandwich. Plain is my game as long as the basic ingredients are top notch. Langer's pastrami on rye is no exception.  The pastrami is on the fattier side but that's what the mustard is for, to make the fat-to-mouth ratio feel less indulgent and more nutritionally acceptable. The slices are thicker than at Oinksters' so the meat stays nice and juicy. The rye, oh my! The rye bread here is fantastic. Hard-crunchy exterior and squishy, warm insides. Like me! Anyway, Langer's pastrami is the closest you'll get to Katz.I used to work across the street from Langer's and I've probably had almost everything on the menu. This place doesn't disappoint. From soup to salad, sandwiches to steaks - they're all good and tasty.  Big portions too - sandwiches are enough for two. Best club sandwich I've ever had in my entire life. I don't miss the area but I definitely miss this place :-/All I have is a quick tip:  They're open until 3pm; avoid the lunchtime rush by eating between 1:45-3:00.Whether a fan or not you must respect the history.If you are a deli fan you know that LA does not compete with the east coast's appreciation but the few LA does have are goodies. Langer's is one of them with it's closest competition being Canter's in the Jewish district west of Langer's.The location and atmosphere is saturated with history. Having survived several generations of economy flux Langer's has persisted through keeping it's delicious menu and large portions. Popularity and rarity has indeed given Langer's the luxury of pricing freedom but that in and of itself testifies to the truly great food they prepare. Chances are you are already familiar with deli choices so I will skip to the favorite. The bitter debate between most is probably why you will choose Langer's over Canter's or vice versa, the pastrami. The pastrami here uses very thick, tender slices of pastrami. Whether you put it between rye or rolls, with brown mustard or Russian sauce, you can appreciate the uniqueness that thick cut real pastrami gives. The menu consists of the usual Jewish deli favorites and all are excellent. The price is stiff but worth the occasional indulgence. Stop by here and you won't be disappointed.with this many reviews, need i say more?? i got the #19, it was soooo freaking good. Thankfully, i live a couple miles away and will be back soon! *drools*The scrumptiousness of the bread will blow your mind!!!!I'm really not even a fan of rye bread or salted meats, but it would be hard to give anything less than 5 stars. The #19 is definitely where to go. The bread is so soft and delicious. The meat is perfect. Had potato salad and it might be the best I've ever had.  Worth the trip from anywhere in L.A.Came here for lunch. The host was really nice. The server was a pretty chill guy. I had the chicken and rice soup... Pretty standard chicken soup with rice in it. Where this place shines though is in its sandwiches (obviously). I had the pastrami with the cole slaw and my foodie partner in crime had the corned beef. Both were pretty spectacular. To be fair, I LOVE sandwiches so it doesn't take much to impress me but this place was really good. Second only to Brents so far!Don't you even dare think about coming here and not ordering the pastrami. Delicious pastrami, it literally melts in your mouth. This place easily takes the top when it comes to pastrami sandwiches in LA. It'll make you believe in God.Food was great... prices not so much... but super glad they have a parking lot instead of just street parking....  Love their pastrami, and corned beef... not a big fan of rye bread so have to get the substitute... fries are good... coke is good..Coming from New York City is pains me to write that some of the best pastrami I have ever tasted comes from this delicatessen in Los Angeles.  Absolute pastrami perfection does not come cheap and parking is a bit of a hassle but this is as good as it gets so come get yourself some pastrami.  I wish I could tell you how great everything else is on the menu - but I have never had anything else but a pastrami sandwich - extra lean - on double baked rye bread with mustard - a side of garlic pickles and a Dr. Brown's Cream soda.  Wow - pure heaven.WOW!!!!!!!   //End of review. no need to say more. done dealMeh. I'm not into pastrami, so probably not the right person to ask. Roast beef was ok. Very expensive for what you get. Brent's in the Valley is way better.Pastrami, hand-cut on their double baked rye.  I've never had anything else, probably never will - perfection.NY got Katz.   LA got Langer's.  Yes, that good.I don't understand how anyone can complain about finding a place to park. There is plenty of street parking. Ok, so you might have to walk a block or two or maybe even three or four. Most of you, and you know who you are, could use a little extra exercise before AND after stuffing your faces with the best pastrami sandwich served on the best rye bread on earth. AMEN!Nothing mind blowing but the price.  The food was good but nothing I will be thinking about or coming back to.  Way too expensive for a sandwich.  The server was very nice and it was very busy during a weekday lunch.I haven't always been a pastrami fan or a rye bread fan. It was an acquired taste. When I'm in the mood for pastrami I usually go to Giamela's in Burbank for the wet kind on a roll or my favorite was Arts Deli in Sherman Oaks. They have the flat, dry pastrami on rye. I didn't think anyone could come close to Arts until I had the #19 from Langer's. OMG it's the best! Paired with their home made cream soda this sandwich has it all. Great home made rye, Russian dressing and coleslaw plus Swiss cheese. Langer's closes early and parking is a block away. Don't forget to get your parking sticker validated to enjoy free parking. I don't make the effort to come here that often but that makes the #19 a very special meal!Ordered the #19 - pastrami on (untoasted) rye with coleslaw. Everything tasted super fresh. Katz's in NY is good, but I think Langer's is better - the sandwich is better composed, the meat is spot on, and the price is also a couple bucks lower. The retro atmosphere (brown leather booths, waiters with bow ties, etc.) in Westlake is a huge plus. Parking is available in the lot outside.Delicious chili cheese fries and sauerkraut pastrami!!! I love sauerkraut pastramis and this place has one of the best I've ever tasted. Yum!I love places like this where they don't change and they keep to their roots. Langer's is awesome when it comes to comfort food. We took the kids in for a quick bite to eat before running our afternoon errands. Man oh man! I had the famous #19 which is the pastrami with Swiss cheese, coleslaw and Russian dressing. Alicia had a pastrami with Swiss and the kids split the fish and chips plate. I couldn't help myself and had to dive into the kids plate. The fish was crispy and moist, and the homemade tartar sauce was amazing. Our waitress was real friendly too, overall another great experience!!!This is the place where the UCLA and USC fans can sit in adjacent booths and put their beefs aside while they eat their corned beef hash and cabbage. Great old skool Jewish deli in the midtown/Wilshire area. Food portions are very generous  and they have fresh pie, Russian dressing, and knishes. Service is speedy and friendly.The best pastrami in Los Angeles. EAT IT!Best pastrami sandwich I have ever had. Don't be clever just get the #19.I can't believe the line wasn't very long when I got there on 6/15/12 at 7:30 a.m. for a free No. 19.  I've been going to Langer's for years and am convinced they have the best pastrami in L.A.  Free is great but I will continue to patronize this place and pay full price for their pastrami!Pretty wonderful service, food, nice mix of patrons, and the neighborhood makes it all the better.Love the #19, but with the corned beef instead of pastrami!  Both are super yummy!Meaty, juicy, thick cuts of delicious pastrami on crusty rye bread. delicious. yum.I absolutely LOVE  this place!!!  My mouth drools just from saying the name!  :DPastrami is phenomenal. The hype is true. This place is located in the ghetto but worth risking life and limb for menu item #19.As many have said, one of the best pastrami ever. With the coleslaw, russian dressing, and rye bread, it is the perfect sandwich. Also, the corned beef is very good as well, moist and delicious. They have good salads and it's pretty big. For dessert, can not go wrong with the strawberry shortcake.Another plus is the curbside pick up. It can be a little slow at times, but with minimal parking in the area, it's a big plus to have the pick up service.Definitely gives Katzs a run for its money and I personally think it edges out Katz's when you factor in the rye.favorite spot for pastrami sammich or rye toast. barley soup is quite good as well. just wish their sammiches werent $15 ea :-\I prefer this hand cut pastrami over the thinly sliced ones but it comes at a premium.Addicting Pastrami. Number 19 you are the best sandwich i have ever eaten.The best pastrami in the world!great sandwiches but the prices are too expensive.the meat is def good quality! the sandwich is good but so pricey.. we had 2 sandwiches and an order of fries for i think 45 bucks? i would go back and try the vanilla coke for sure b/c my friend is raving about it.. but yea.. good portion.. parking is all the way down the street.. at least it's freeThe best breakfast and desserts on this side of the mississippi! The only downside is the parking and the neighborhood, but its an iconic joint and a must visitGreat corn beef sandwich and also lox and bagel! Yes, it isn't in a nice neighborhood and parking is bad. I haven't had a sit-down experience at their shop. Take-out is a good option.Ordered the #19 and large fries. Seems like everyone's ordered the #19. This may be the greatest scam of all time. Maybe that's the only sandwich they make and they pay actors to pretend to order the other menu items. Anyway, the #19 was delish.  I don' think I'll be able to add anything to what's already been said. The fries were good as well. They're served in a metal tray, probably to keep them hot. Smart. It's the little touches that count. A very solid pastrami, but certainly a step below NY. Also somewhat pricey.Best sandwich I ever had!!! So so good. It all about #5 and #88 is pretty good too. But once you have the corned beef sandwich on freshy cut rye bread and the russian dressing OMG so f**king goodSOOOO much better than Canter's.Oh, yes. Take a trip back to New Jersey/NYC with Langer's - a Jewish deli filled with old white people in the middle of a really rough hispanic neighborhood. It's fantastic, and the #19 is to die for. Friendly staff, friendly customers, old school decor and charm. An LA classic.I think this is still the best Pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles. It is consistently a legendary sandwich. You can also score a fake Id outside while you wait. A rockstar move is to order them in advance on the way to a Laker game and then pick them up on the curb.Love this place. we probably come once a month! The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but the pastrami here is worth it. I would go during the day before noon otherwise it gets pretty busy. I always order the #19 with fries and split with my friend. Service is quick and can order, eat and pay all within 45-60 minutes. Before eating at Langers, Katz Deli in NYC was my fave pastrami, now I am not sure which I like better!I'd have to say Langer's has probably the best pastrami in Los Angeles.  I have had better in Portland...Kenny & Zuke's pastrami & egg salad sandwich is the mecca of pastrami sandwiches for me.  BUT, I had a great meal at Langer's today...a soup/half sammy combo which consisted of matzo ball soup, 2 delicious pickle pieces and half of the #19 (pastrami, swiss, coleslaw and russian dressing on rye).  The bread was great rye, with a nice crust that helped to hold the whole thing together.  The coleslaw was pretty good too, but I think next time I might try the sauerkraut on the sammy for an extra kick of flavor.  The pastrami was very tender and juicy...the pastrami side of the bread was getting nearly soggy as time went on (not a complaint).  My waiter was Greg, who was fantastic, very attentive, and one of those guys that's just so good at what he does...a multi tasker that was just fun to watch zoom around the place.I might experiment next time and see if they can make a pastrami/egg salad sammy for me so I can do a proper comparison.  :)The pastrami sandwich is pretty much the tastiest thing in L.A. The fries aren't amazing (crinkle cut and over-fried), but the pastrami...oh, the pastrami.2nd time I had this I called ahead to get to go...Definitely doesn't taste the same. The meat quality was significantly lower... they gave thin cuts of pastrami..pastrami that seemed to come out of a package. unlike when you eat in--you get chunks of pastrami, the type that comes freshly carved.It just tasted bland. Nothing special.Maybe the cook wasn't in.. I picked up around 11 a.m....Definitely not worth $15/each to go.Will not come back again.So long Langers.It was good while it lasted.best pastrami sandwich I ever had by far. thas all I gotta say bout the food.called the order in for curbside pickup, saw a group of guys chasing after a couple guys about to beat some @$$ while waiting in front. lucky for the two guys the police was right around the corner. not really a bad part of town, but it is lively.Wow.We were in NYC and had Katz's deli.  My wife & I made the mistake of thinking it was the same as deli thin-sliced pastrami places (like the Hat).  We ended up getting a beef brisket instead.Well we wanted to redeem ourselves after Langer's was featured for their #19 Pastrami with Cole Slaw on Best Thing I've Ever Ate.I can't imagine Katz's being any better than Langer's.  The whole sandwich was so perfect.The bread was better than Katz's.  And the cole slaw was the perfect complement to the saltiness of the pastrami.  And did I mention the rye bread is amazing?  Nice crisp crust.  Not the kind that cuts your mouth, but perfectly crisp.  And so soft.  The whole sandwich just melts in your mouth.  Wow wow wow.Note:  They are only open M-SAT (until 4pm).I was at Langer's recently and I wanted to rant and rave about their pastrami - again!Langer's is arguably make the best traditional pastrami sandwich in Los Angeles. In my opinion they do have the best jewish deli sandwiches. I have been to Canter's, Nate N Al's, and Jerry's deli - but I know I am missing one or two in the Valley. I would even compare Langer's to Katz's in New York City. But I think Katz beats Langer's, by a hair. I like the service that Katz has better - where you walk up and order and the guy gives you a small plate sample of the meats. (oh gosh my mouth is watering). . . .back to Langer'sThey have been around for over 60 years. I was reading, at one point, there were open late. When the neighborhood changed, for the worse, the owners, still the same ones, were forced to close early - at 4pm. I asked our waitress if they had thoughts about returning to dinner hours and late night schedules, with new influx of residents in downtown Los Angeles. And she still said no. I do hope they would consider opening for dinner and late night crowds. Hot pastrami sandwiches are great late night drunk fare.I can't explain it, but pastrami beef is one of the few cured and prepared meats that goes good if sliced thinly or thickly. The thin sliced pastrami is what you find at the Hat of Alhambra, Tops of Pasadena, and Johnnie's of Culver City. The thick pastrami is the more traditional jewish cut, found at Canter's, Nate N Al's, and Langer's. Personally, I like the traditional thick cuts. I believe texture is quite important to the eating experience. Thin sliced pastrami seems to fall apart too easily when you pick it up and when you eat it. Sometimes when you bite into the sandwich the little pieces - might often be more tough than you want. Whereas the thick cut pastrami, is expected to have the same texture all around and won't typically fall apart. But I do like the Hat's dipped buns (in the au jus) which gives it a more juicy and squishy feel in your mouth. But for me, my ultimate preference has to be with undipped Rye bread with sauerkraut and russian dressing. For whatever the reason, this combination - which I had for the first time just recently, does it for me. The flavors just melt together in this perfect storm of tanginess, sourness, and savoriness - with this unique taste sensation.Anyways. . . .just go Langer's. Make the trip out there. Deal with the crappy neighborhood and useless parking situation. You won't regret it.ner or have a conflict of interest, please don't review.This place is amazing, I can't believe I never new about it until recently.  I can't eat pastrami anywhere else now; what would be the point?  The rye bread is amazing.  I buy a loaf when i go there, and it makes great tuna/salmon or any kind of sandwiches.  The only downsides of this place involve location, worst of all it's over 60 miles away, other than that I'll say LA certainly has some interesting tasting water.  It's downright nasty (ordering a soda doesn't help).  You'll think you're drinking water from the dirtiest poorest corner of the world, and considering the neighborhood, that might just be right.I mean really?!!!!   after this place how can you ever want to go to any other delis. This isnt fair....... But I absolutley love it. thank you langers you can charge me whatever you'd like the service and food is totally worth it.Best pastrami on both coasts!Lunch review.Langer's is a joy to the senses.  It is a quaint yet busy setting with a touch of old world class that hints to simpler times.  Sandwiches can be a bit pricey but you really do get what you pay for (I recommend the California Chicken Sandwich).  The staff is top notch, professional and friendly, which makes the wait time a breeze.  The place can get pretty packed but you never really feel cramped.  Lunch in downtown L.A. just got interesting.Notes: Parking lot is at Westlake/7th St. for 1 free hour (which is not enough time) with validation from Langer's... $2 for every 20 minutes after... you're probably better off bringing quarters and finding a meter if you think you'll go over on time.The best pastrami in Los Angeles, bar none. Frankly it mite be the best pastrami west of the East River-that's right better then Carnegie (by far), better then the Stage, better then 2nd Ave.this place rocks. i prefer the pastrami without the coleslaw.That five stars is for: The No. 19 Pastrami on Rye w/ Cole Slaw and Thousand Island - I hate Rye, I hate Cole Slaw, I hate Thousand Island. I do  like Pastrami and swiss. But somehow, all of these together at Langer's just rocks.  The diet coke - perfect amt of fizz and syrup.  The awesome waitresses who've been there forever.  You want to call every single one of them Flo or Bertha.  The fun people watching during your one block walk from the parking lot and back.  And the great shopping in that one block is just added bonus.  If you need a "sexy fill in the blank Halloween costume" for under 5.00 you can probably find something in one of the clothing establishments.  You can also sell your gold or buy some electronics.  All during lunch. Yay!delicious ass food. equally as expensive.went as a group of three and ended up spending $75. three sandwiches, two drinks, a side of fries, and some soup. pricey, but if you're looking to give it a taste, i'd say it's worth it.The best pastrami sandwich in America resides proudly in a largely hispanic neighborhood in Los Angeles at Langer's Deli. I have been to every great deli in both Los Angeles and New York. While some may come close, this is the best. The legendary #19: Pastrami, Swiss, Coleslaw and Russian Dressing on Rye. The Pastrami simply melts away crumbling with the touch of a fork. Every morsel is hunted down to be consumed. This is a culinary destination that should not be missed. Some complain about the price, but I quite happily paid my bill. It was worth every penny.My husband and I shared the Pastrami without coleslaw and it was still really good.. taste very fresh. Very expensive but totally worth trying. They close early 4:00pmOrder the #19 and a side chili cheese fries!!!  Thats all you need!  Best pastrami ever!  you wont be dissapointed...Awesome service and great food - large portions - cant wait to go backI went to this place because I seek nothing but the best.  Sandwich was amazing.  I got 2 sandwiches and a breakfast place 2 coffees.  Bill was 58.  Are you kidding me?  Ike's in San Fran is wayyy better for a third of the price.  Good experience but thats all it is.  BTW share a sandwich because nobody finishes it, and it does not taste the same reheated.Got the number 19, which seems to be the popular choice, except I got jack cheese instead of the standard swiss.  AMAZING pastrami.  I'm gonna have dreams about this stuff.  And make sure to put some of the (not very spicy at all) spicy mustard on it... absolutely perfect.  Definitely recommended for anyone who loves sandwiches and/or meat.Best pastrami in the USA.Best pastrami I've ever had.  Number 19 is definitely the way to go.  Matza ball soup and lamb shank not bad also.The outside ambience is straight down town LA, but for me (lived on the east side for 8 years) this is authentic from the outside.  Kudos to Langers for never changing since I've been coming here.I am a big Rueben fan, this place is famous for pastrami which is good but served much differently that most places... It's served in chunks of pastrami, forgive me if im wrong but pastrami is best served, sliced thin with mustard and pickles.  It is deserving of its high rating but careful the area is tough to find parking.  Stories of people having their pastrami sandwiches once you leave are true!  Hold on to your takeout/left overs, these things are like gold to some people.  Its a love it or hate it place.... i found myself in the middle.Sweet heavenly deliciousness. I have found a worthy adversary to Katz in NYC and Luigi's in Bako. You can buy vacuum packs to take back home, next time I'm loading up!why are you not open at night?  it's ok that the other sandwiches aren't as good as the pastrami (cuz everything comes second to their pastrami), but i wish I can eat this at any time I wish!  Still 5 stars though.I used to think Canter's was the Best Deli in LA. So Traditional, So Fresh, So Delicious. Boy did I get a Wake Up Slap. We walked into Langers on Saturday, a little busy but nothing over the top. Sat down and waded through the extensive Menu. Then I saw it ! The Fressers ! Monster Club Sandwich with Pastrami, Turkey, Tongue and Swiss Chesse on the Best, I said Best Rye Bread I have ever Tasted. These Guys serve Top of the Line Meats and Cheeses in every Combo under the Sun. Again, I can't believe that I have been missing this food for 48 Years. Do you have a Favorite Deli? Go There ! Eat ! Then go to Langers, Order the Same Thing and prepare to be IMPRESSED.My husband LOVES this place.  Everytime we come to L.A. we have to hit Langer's.  The pastrami, rye bread with the soft middle and crunchy crust was delicious... cream soda was yummy as well.  We would have went back to Langers to take home sandwiches on Monday but they were closed for the Memorial Day weekend :(  Location is ok... service was quick and friendly... can't wait to come back.I can't really add to anything else here that's been said. If you go to Langer's, it is a right of passage to get the pastrami. It is said to be amongst the best pastrami sandwiches in the country. It's thick pastrami slices just fall apart in your mouth. The rye bread is freshly baked in house; it has a crunchy edge with nice soft center, your tongue feels every pore in the bread as you bite into it.Because Langers needs another review:  #10, extra lean pastrami.  THE best pastrami sandwich you'll ever have.  I admit, I normally don't like pastrami sandwiches, but this isn't a normal pastrami sandwich.  The only downside about Langers? The price.  Two person meal can easily come to $40. Yes, for sandwiches.Pastrami is something I can eat everyday. Pop in a couple of hot fries and I feel sublime. That being said, I love this local landmark. I would say that Langer's is comparable to Katz' deli in New York. The pastrami can be ordered lean as well, for a few extra dollars. The French fries are mealy and pretty good as well.What an over-rated and over priced pastrami! Anyone giving 3 or more stars for this place was either high on marijuana, drunk, or has not eaten in a week and $13 for a pastrami! - GFY. It has thick slices and is tasty, but $13 is out. Get real - this is a coffee shop with over-priced food - $15 for Salisbury steak another F'ing joke. My sandwich was not stacked with meat like in some of these pictures. Even worse, it is located in the eye-sore LA city limits. I was anticipating more from this place after reading the reviews, but I will never eat here again - nothing special at all.Been wanting to come here for awhile.  Finally did with bf.  He order the famous #19 and a small order of fries. I tried their new salad:  Chinese Chicken Salad. The service was really efficient.  Eva, our waitress was lovely.  Felt like I was having lunch at my Jewish grandmother's house (if I was Jewish).  I sample a small bite of my bf's pastrami sandwich.  IT IS THE BEST PASTRAMI I EVER HAD!!  It was not salty or over peppered, super tender and juicy, full of flavor.  The chicken salad was really tasty too.  The dressing was not sugary, like most places.  Definitely far better than Canter's.  It is clean and efficient.  Definitely will come back.For pastrami, there are really only two places I love.  Katz's in New York City, and Langer's in LA.  The two have significant differences, but at Langer's it is the overall sandwich that makes it so great.The pastrami is delicious, and aged just long enough to concentrate the flavor and help the meat fall apart while still being moist.  But the overall sandwich, with the fresh baked rye bread and the slightly sweet and creamy coleslaw makes the number 19 a sandwich not to be missed.French fries and potato salad are good there, too.  But it is the sandwich that always gets me back, again and again, about 9 times a year.The neighborhood is iffy, and the place closes down at 4 pm every day (probably to save the lives of their customers, so they will keep coming back).  It is standard, 1950s coffee shop decor.  But you're not here for the decor, you're here for the food.Oh, yeah.  I tried the strawberry shortcake once, and it is good.  But I'd rather eat an entire no. 19 each time I go, which means that I leave uncomfortably full, and that I pretty much have never tried anything else, because I've never really had room.What? Order one sandwich for two and share?  Try to take my half sandwich, and you'll lose your hand! :-)I want to go back.Pastrami on rye with Russian dressing, a crispy pickle and cool slide of coleslaw -- this is as close to sandwich heaven as should be permissible by the living.Finally finally finally! Had my first taste of Langers famous pastrami (menu item #19) this past Saturday after passing by it for many years and it was delicious and filling.First things first for you first time visitors, the hours and the parking are both very limited.  They're not open past 4 PM and closed on Sundays, so plan accordingly.  Parking is a block or two away in a small lot - pull up and an attendant will give you a ticket good for 90 mins but don't forget to bring it with you to get it validated. Otherwise, the area is very packed and only street parking is available, unless  you take the Metro which is located nearby on Alvarado above 7th Street. When you arrive, Langers is like a blast from the past. The interior decor along with the wait staff and the packed booths makes me feel like I could be having lunch in a Mad Men episode. The hostess seated us quickly for the late afternoon even tho it was packed. Most folks I saw had ordered the #19 so I decided to try it out too.  The menu itself was quite extensive and the bf was kind enough to answer my questions and make recommendations since he'd been here often before.  My pastrami was a good hefty size on flavorful rye bread - soft middle with firm crunchy heel - I held it like a pastrami taco to try and keep all the filling it.  The filling itself was composed of thick sliced tender pastrami, Russian dressing, cheese and cole slaw and I had to keep wiping my lips after every bite.  Had to pass the halved pickles along to my bf since I don't like them - bleh.  They did a good blend of lemonade and tea for my large glass of Arnold Palmer which helped me wash down the large side of fries the bf and I shared which I also used to sop up the Russian dressing that escaped my sandwhich onto the plate.  We passed the two hours just chatting, noshing, and watching the hubbub of the kitchen and wait staff in the open kitchen area.  Also, since we sat in the middle section of booths we couldn't help but over hear the conversations of the guests around us.I definently recommend Langers if you've got a leisurely long afternoon lunch time just to soak up the atmosphere and give you some time to digest the belly busting pastrami sandwhich.I got the pastrami with coleslaw and I thought it was pretty good. The pastrami was almost falling apart but wasn't crumbly or weak. The coleslaw didn't add a whole lot of a difference, but I like knowing that I'm eating more than just bread and meat. The bread was almost my favorite part of the entire sandwich; it was so crunchy on the outside, but sturdy and soft on the inside. It would have been nice if it had been toasted, but it was pretty close to perfect on its own. The only thing that makes Langer's 4 stars instead of 5 is the price. Why do I have to pay 14ish dollars for a sandwich and a pickle (mediocre, btw)? It was good, but it was also just a sandwich.I probably won't come back here, but only because there are so many other things to try in LA. 'Twas pretty good though.EVERYONE I have ever purchased the #19 for has said it is the best sandwich they have every eaten.  Yes, it is expensive, but it is so huge that you can share.  The soft yet crusty rye bread is something else, too.  Now I know why it has been voted the best sandwich in America.Take the Metro Red Line to eliminate the need to find parking in a dicey area.  Will not eliminate the constant harassment of being asked if you need a "carta verde"-- even if you have blonde hair and blue eyes!Nope. Their famous pastrami is VASTLY overrated. Try Plan Check on the westside if you want some tasty pastrami! Also Eastside Market.#19, enough said! totally worth the waiti can't remember the last time i gave 5 stars for a restaurant but dang... langers.. so gooooood! sucks that the hours arent longer but u'd understand too  if u know the neighborhood . O.O  we ate a lot on this visit.. dont judge us... #19 Pastrami, cole slaw, russian dressing, swiss on rye. dangggggg. the pastrami was not too salty it was nicely balanced by the cole slaw which was not wilty but nice and crispy and the rye bread was nicely toasted. wow. i'd probably sit through LA traffic again just to eat this sandwich again#3 Corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss cheeese. it was pretty legit to find good corned beef. my mother in law i think makes a better corned beef and sauerkraut but this one was still really good a little bit salty for me but very tender and moist. Brisket Sandwich. OMG! hands down better than phillipe's and i would say i liked this  sandwich better than the pastrami ( eeek. dont hurt me! ) the bread was nice and crusty but soft, brisket was seriously fall abut moist and flavored well, and the aus jus that came with it.. mind blowing. and while eating all this.. we couldnt resist splitting an order of chili cheese fries with the other couple we came with. how can u say no to crinkle cut? i honestly can't say no to it... its my weakness...The no-fail order: #19, fries well done, and a cream soda.  Happy times in my mouth! =DWay overrated. Very old fashioned deli restaurant where a seemingly simple sandwich will cost you about $15. The waitresses were very friendly and courteous. Pastrami was tender but salty and sliced WAY too thick. If you want a GOOD sandwich, go to Philipes. If it has to be pastrami, try Billy's up in Glendale. This place reminds me of one of those Katz Deli knockoffs in New York.Did I go on an off day?I got a Pastrami on rye. I  added some mustard. I am a purist when it comes to Pastrami. The bread was perfect. Extra crisp crust. Soft center. The pastrami was not pastrami. I love pastrami. But this tasted more like corned beef. Where was the pepper?? The pastrami was lean and tender and at a perfect temperature. But it was sweet like corned beef. It wasn't peppery and smoky.My side of coleslaw was flavorless.Pickles? These were brined cucumbers. No garlic or spices to enhance the flavor. They had not been pickled long enough to get the flavor to the core.Great service if nothing else. My drink never went empty.Not worth a trip downtown.My favorite Pastrami is The Nosh in Beverly Hills. I'll have to write that report after my next visit.I went for the first time. The pastrami was delicious. I got the #19. Next time I'll go sans slaw; as good as the slaw is, I think it'll be better without. The service is great, the people that worked there were friendly, and food came out quickly.The bread is the best, made me wish I got the end of the loaf so I could have more crust.Have you ever seen the movie "My Fellow Americans"?One president describes a pizza as a "wet dream on a crust."Lemme tell you, at Langer's, the CRUST is the wet dream.My roommate and I could not stop glorifying how each bite of crust from the rye was a taste of heaven. All the while my best friend from high school was somewhat scared of our excitement over the crust and assumes we shared a spiritual experience that she didn't take part of.Sad to say, #19 was not everything I hoped it to be. It was a great sandwich, and the pastrami was amazing. However, my roommate got the basically the same thing with the coleslaw on the side (it actually cost more money because you order the sandwich and then order the slaw on the side). He absolutely loved his sandwich. Next time I'll try that and maybe I'll give this place 5 stars.For once, something on Yelp that isn't overrated.Really fine place.  Not perfect, but very very fine.My favorite sandwich is a variation of something they offer.  On the menu, they have pastrami on rye with cream cheese and tomato.  I like to switch the pastrami out for corned beef... and man is that switch awesome.  Call me crazy, but I think Langer's has better corned beef than pastrami.  Both are awesome, but the corned beef just always strikes me as a bit awesomer.Also, if you want to cheap it out, the fried fish sandwich is a good sandwich.  Despite being described by one of langer's waitresses as "McDonald's style" it's a pretty tasty little thing for not much money.  Other things that are awesome are the blintzes, the beef stew, and desserts.Wow $14 for a pastrami dip. And it didn't even blow me away. With all the other options in LA I most likely will not be coming back here.Probably the BEST PASTRAMI sandwich joint in LA!  This place blows The Hat out of the water!  The combination of pastrami (thick slices) with coleslaw on rye bread is AMAZING!  The only drawback is that it's a bit pricey -- approx. $15 for a sandwich, but it's well worth it.....seriously.  And, don't be deceived by the size.  I usually have to split it with someone or doggy bag the other half.  By the way, this sandwich tastes GREAT as leftovers.Best pastrami yet! UUUU Apple pie with brandy sauce, OH MY GOSH!! Our waitress "Eva" Loved her. This is so my style. Even fresh steamed veggies. UM!!I've only been there once and can't wait to go back. I absolutely fell in love with they're beef and barley soup, the broth is so good! The pastrami is the best I've ever had too, so rich and tender~If you plan on getting anything other than a Pastrami on rye, I can't really help you. I guess it's ok if you add sauerkraut, but nothing beyond that. Plan on spending more than you usually spend on a sandwich and fries. It's completely worth it though.By far the best pastrami ever!!  I always order the pastrami on rye with coleslaw and russian dressing.  Their bread is so fresh and the pastrami is so good, there isn't much fat on it at all!  My ideal lunch is a pastrami sandwich with a cherry coke!  I crave Langer's all the time and now even more that I moved away!  I'll be visiting you soon Langer's!This deli serves amazing pastrami sandwiches!!!Yes, I'm sure it's close.... yeah, the neighborhood is pretty scary... I suppose that's why they close so early... right, that's MacArthur Park across the street... it is pretty, isn't it?.... um, I don't know if it's true that there are discarded needles everywhere... no, we have to park a block away... I'm pretty sure we won't get mugged... okay, enough about the area!  I live in this neighborhood... no, we don't need a fake ID... ok, let's walk a little faster... wow, it's really nice in here, isn't it?... so clean!... you're right, this could be Encino... yeah, the service is quick and friendly... oh my god.... this IS the greatest pastrami sandwich on Earth!... it's getting dark, let's call a cab to take us back to the car...Kicks ass. End of story. An absolute must for any deli connoisseur. Even the fries kick ass. Only downside is that after going here for lunch I generally enter a meat induced coma for a few hours. But the backup social security card and birth certificate you can buy outside the restaurant from the mexican dudes more than makes up for it. Good sandwiches and fake id = an awesome day.Oh, and if you want something a little lighter, the tuna melt with avacado is deelish.Classic deli, not classic deli prices.  BUT yes the pastrami is good and even better the rye bread is fantastic.  In fact, I think the bread is what really makes the sandwich.  They have one that has tomato and cream cheese on it, and it's spectacular, but you pretty much need angioplasty right after lunch.  Ask for "new pickles."  Yum!This establishment had been here for many years.  It also has one of the best pastrami sandwich in the city whether on rye or french!  Although, it's rather pricey, it's well worth it!  Too bad, it's located in a high crime area of Rampart.  No wonder they close at 4pm!  In any case, you wouldn't want to come around here at night unless you're packing!  Nevertheless, this place is Kosher as can be!  Rock on!I think I died and went to pastrami heaven. The pastrami sandwich was divine! The rye bread was the best ever...crunchy crust and soft in between. The pastrami melts in your mouth. What a wonderful sandwich.Only had the pastrami reuben here, probably because it's the best pastrami reuben in Los Angeles. One downside, the bread reminds me of something you'd get at a grocery store. By no means bad, and the sandwich is still the best around in my book.Maybe, just maybe, I got caught up in all the 5 star ratings.  Or maybe it's because I heard that this place beat out places in NY.  Or maybe I'm just too used to pastrami here (Hat or Johnnie's).  I was very underwhelmed by the food.I sampled half of my sandwich (pastrami, slaw, Russian dressing) and half of my friend's sandwich (pastrami, liver, Russian dressing).  The liver one was only OK.  It was thick with liver and hardly any pastrami.  The slaw one was very good at first bite.  Then the flavor of it became overwhelming.  I think it might have been the dressing.  There was a strong, sour flavor.  High pucker factor indeed.The pastrami was tender, but had a little too much fat on it.  I don't care for thick-sliced pastrami, but I was expecting it thanks to other comments left here.  The pastrami seemed to lack good flavor, however.  It was just a chunk of meat.For the price I paid I would expect better.  The two sandwiches, small order of fries, and an iced tea set us back $34 without tip.  The parking and area is not as bad as other people may have stated.  Another friend recommended Canter's or Jerry's.Believe the Hype. Order the #19 and understand why Langer's is able to lay claim to the "Worlds Greatest Pastrami." Sure it's a lot to pay for a sandwich but getting a little taste of heaven on earth is money well spent.Yes the sandwiches are pricey but you can share one.  I've tried the pastrami sandwiches in New York and I find that Langers is way better.  As with anything you get what you pay for.You go here for the pastrami......nothing else to say.....DELISH! make sure you bring some money the place is PRICEY...I've been to Katz deli in New York, Canter's on Fairfax, Bay Cities in Santa Monica... but nothing compares to Langer's.  If you love pastrami and/or corned beef, you have to eat at Langer's.  Every other place just doesn't compare.  There's a reason why this place been around for 60+ years.  I usually order a #54 eat half & take the rest home for after I wake up from my food coma.  I would suggest that if it's your 1st time here then order the #19.  Oh yeah, this place closes at 4pm.After reading the rave reviews on Yelp, I went into this establishment expecting great and was met with better than average.  Service was good and food was decent.  Good deli for LA but hard to compare to places back east.Langer's is AMAZING!! The #19 is the best one there! It includes coleslaw, swiss cheese, spread (i think?), and pastrami piled high in between two soft, warm sliced bread with a slice of pickle on the side. This is one of the best deli places I've tried. The meat is soo fresh and good that it melts in your mouth! YUMMM! It costs about $15 which is kinda overpriced, but its worth it. The food came out super fast and servers were very nice. My bf and I were in there for less than 30mins.  The only downfall about this place is that they close at 4pm and its around a busy, hole in a wall neighborhood. Overall, this place is delicious and satisfying!  Langer's, please open one in the bay!!I must say, I wasn't necessarily expecting the best pastrami that I've ever had, considering I used to live in NYC and have sampled the best that they have to offer, but after leaving Langer's, I am a convert!My friend and I came for an early lunch, around noon on a Saturday, and we were thrilled that we didn't have to wait for a table, instead snatching up one of the last counter stools.  Not only did I not have to stare at my friend's face the entire meal, I also got to watch the cooks tenderly slicing up that luscious pastrami.At the waitresses behest, I went for the number 19, the classic so to speak.  There was the perfect amount of pastrami on the sandwich and the slaw, russian dressing, and swiss complimented it perfectly.  The rye bread was ideal, crispy crust with a center that stood up to the juices and such from the sandwich.  My favorite part of eating it was when a rogue piece of pastrami would fall out the bottom, and I would be able to savor it by itself.  We also ordered some fries which were forgettable, though I did have a egg cream (chocolate of course) that was delightful.All together, the next time I am in Los Angeles, I will definitely be heading back for a well enjoyed heart attack.A friend of mine told me about this place and their corned beef sandwiches which I love... didn't think they [or anyone] would measure up to Katz Deli in NYC, but these guys do.  Had their fries, which were yummy too.  Salad was "eh"... not bad, not good.The best Pastrami!I have been going to canters for 20 years and I finally tried this place. I was very impressed with their pastrami and rye bread. The number 19 is just perfect. Thick cut pastrami but very moist and tender. Definitely will be heading back.Everyone talks so highly about Langer's, unfortunately, I do not agree. I had the #19 dry. First off, there wasn't enough pastrami on my sandwich. The pastrami was okay, it was a little dry.Pastrami Pastrami Pastrami! I can't get away from the #19 even though I can only finish half of it. It's the perfect combination of soft rye bread with a crunchy crust, warm, fall apart pastrami, cole slaw, and cheese.Perfect meal with the chili cheese fries and strawberry shortcake with vanilla ice cream.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!This is the first pastrami sandwich that I've taken more than a bite of. I'm generally not a fan of pastrami and not a fan of mayo, yet there I was enjoying my #19 pastrami-swiss-cole slaw with Russian dressing. The slices of pastrami were thick, flavorful, and not overly fatty. The rye bread was soft, yet held up well to the weight of the pastrami & slaw. Pretty steep for a sandwich, but worth trying at least once! It's also pretty substantial, as half of one was enough to fill me up for lunch without putting me into a food coma.I am giving Langer's a 5 star rating solely on their pastrami sandwich. The number 19 is absolutely the best pastrami sandwich I have ever ate. Believe me I've tried alot and nothing comes close. The bread is always warm, fresh, and crispy on the crust. The pastrami is tender and lean. Somehow everything stays together and isn't soggy despite the large portion. My only gripe with Langer's is its parking. You have to park around the corner at a detached lot. Other then that it is simply amazing.I had the #19, pastrami, coleslaw, swiss cheese I believe, on rye bread.  Best pastrami sandwich ever.  I also had it with a side of chili cheese fries, and they were good too.  Kinda pricey for me, can't go often as I would like!I have driven here a few times about 25 miles from home just for a pastrami and swiss on rye and a jar of pickles. Worth it. You have to be a pastrami lover to understand what good pastrami is. The Russian dressing is good, but I prefer that on the side so I can add lots of deli mustard to my sandwich.I picked up a to go #19 and tried a bite and man it tasted great. The cole slaw was fresh and pastrami delicious and I think it had dressing on it too. I definately thought it was one of the best I've had but would I pay $16 for it all the time? No. It was very expensive for not that large of a sandwich but I would definately try it if your in the area and you love pastrami!The best pastrami sandwich i ever had.Look no further this is the best PASTRAMI Sauerkraut and Nippy Cheese Grilled on Rye .Liked this place a lot. Never thought to try pastrami with coleslaw, but it was really good! Still...$10 for a sandwich?!! My wallet hurts!Best pastrami in the world, maybe tied with Katz's in New York.  But, PLEASE when you order a #19 or any pastrami here why do you need fries or a big dinner later.  That sandwich is enough food for all day.  The curbside service was perfect.  Everything we ordered was perfectly made and packaged up great!  The only question I have is why is the bread for the sandwich different from the corn rye that you buy by the loaf at Langer's.  The sandwich bread crust is super crunchy and the loaf is just regular but still yummy.  BTW, the chopped liver is also the best in the west.  Priced just right for what you get!Wow this place is amazing...if you want to eat the best pastrami ever, come here. The number 19 is out of this world! i will say it is quite expensive though. come with your pockets full.Heard about Langer's through my cousin. So off we go on a weekday. We really didn't have trouble finding parking so that was good. I was aware of the neighborhood so there were no surprises. I was not not aware of the prices. Omg.... i thought they were outrageous. The sandwich was all right but not all that. My cousin treated but for the two of us, it was$34. For two sandwiches, one cole slaw, and one soda. I will not be returning.Greatest pastrami of all time!! One of my last meals on earth would be the #19 with an egg cream. It truly blows that they're closed on Sundays and aren't open after 4 but I guess they're forgiven being the holy grail of pastrami in LA and all. It's truly old school and everything is deeee-licious.  I'm getting hungry just writing this review. I think I feel a Langers trek coming on very soon...tourist trap. ok deli. The cabbage soup was way too sweat and way to sour. and this place is way over priced. over $20.00 for corn beef and cabbage. The salad dressing where good though.You have to get the #19, this pastrami is amazing and the interplay between the succulent pastrami, the slight nuttiness from the Swiss cheese and the coleslaw with the Russian dressing that cuts through a bit of that richness makes the flavor of this sandwich well balanced and absolutely delicious. The kicker is their double baked rye bread which adds another great dimension. I recommend pairing this sandwich with a cream soda and i guarantee you will not be disappointed.Total old fashioned deli / diner. Amazing service and they do simple things right, which as a diner, is the point. Best hot cakes and eggs over easy, like fucking perfect.#19:Pastrami with coleslaw with Russian dressing with Swiss cheeseThis place is an institution.  Period.  If you've never been and you say you're from LA, then you're not from LA.  It's been around forever, and it's not going anywhere simply because it's good.  It's not in the best neighborhood, the prices aren't cheap, and it's definitely not catering to the tastes of their neighborhood, but the place is always full, because those in search of quality will always show up.  The pastrami is the best in the city, the rye bread is outstanding.  Some people might find the crust too hard and crispy, and that's a matter of taste, but for me it's the best part.  And when has the CRUST ever been the best part of bread?   Wow.  And the portions are out of this world.  One sandwich can feed two, but you're going to eat the whole thing just because it tastes great.Most delicious pastrami sandwich but the service wow horrible moody employees.We waited a half hour to get into this place, but it was worth it! You can walk the little street strip for some odd's and end's similar to walking in TJ, but overall the #19 hit the spot!Order the 19. That's all I got to say. You will be blown away at how fresh the pastrami is. This restaurant is the bomb and I will come back again and again. One of the best parts is the serving size of each menu item. Everything comes large and in charge. You will not be disappointed.While Katz's of NY offers a more flavorful pastrami, Langer's corned beef is unquestionably supreme, and its pastrami at least belongs in the conversation with a tenderness that few others can match.Like everyone says the 19 is good but I also like the 24 with some side of au jous. One of the few and still best deli around in LA. Curbside delivery is also great for lunch pickup, you call, let them know if  you're paying credit or cash and give them the amount you have and they have your change and food ready as you arrive.Can't add anything more than what other reviewers have stated. #19, Yep.......It's that GOOD!Best pastrami ever!!!I had my first bite of Pastrami at Langer's many moons ago. The taste remains the same as well as the look of the place like  it did in the  60's  . We probably would still frequent   Langer's if it has another location. Parking is difficult.  The area has gone down  pretty bad and it just does'nt  seem  like a safe neighborhood to go to anymore.This was my second time there. The first time, I tried the number 19. It was just okay. To be honest, the pastrami was VERY fatty. It wasn't very good. This time, I had the Roast Beef and Swiss. Much better, but still needs improving.I never understood love until I tried Langers deli. Who would have thunk that pastrami and corned beef didn't need to be cut up into paper thin slices. It's a little expensive at $15 a sandwich, but I've been here at least once a week for the last 5 weeks.It is 12:43 PM at work, and as I ponder about what I want for lunch, Langers pop up in my head.  While it is only 5 minutes away from my apartment, it is not so close to my work, and that really is a tragedy.  Their pastrami is out of this world.  Hands down the best I have had in my life.  Get it with swiss cheese and their yummy coleslaw and you will experience heaven.  Plain and simple.Oh #19, I love you so... I know you'll never be mine, but I dream.  You're such a whore.You know, I dig this spot.  But the last few times I've been in, it seems the legendary reputation Langer's has enjoyed seems to carry it along more and more each time I return.  The food is pretty good, I -  sigh - like it - but you know, it's just not ALL that anymore.  The quality has seem to level off.  Yeah,  It's historic, in a very interesting pocket of LA and classic, but you know, my desire to keep returning is starting to darken with disappointment.  Prove me wrong dear Langer's!  Prove me wrong fellow Yelpers!  Get back on track - please oh please!  I'm overcome with Jewish-Greek guilt!  Ugh - oi-vay!Get the #19 with Russian dressing on the side. The sandwich was a perfect harmony of textures and flavors. The cool, creamy, crunchy coleslaw (yay for alliteration!) served as a foil against the salty, rich pastrami and gave it balance. Also tried the #44, pastrami with cheese and sauerkraut on grilled rye. It wasn't as good as the #19, the sauerkraut just overwhelmed everything with the acidity and the whole sandwich was a bit heavy. As for the surroundings, it's not Beverly Hills and one alleyway reeked of urine, but none but the most sheltered diners would find it threatening and unsafe.The BEST PASTRAMI sandwich ever!  I had been dying to try this place for awhile and it is as good as they say.  Only thing is the area isn't so great and we had to park across the street, lots of bums just hanging around.  The inside reminds me of an old school cafe/diner and the service was friendly.  Try the chocolate phosphate. it's a fun chocolate soda.  It's sweet but not super sweet.Without a doubt, the best sandwich I've ever had in my life.  Twice baked rye bread, thick cuts of slow-cooked pastrami, spicy brown mustard, MMM!  These weirdos who say Langer's is too expensive are delirious.  I think any normal person would gladly pay $15 for the best sandwich ever made.  Sure it's pricey, but it's not the type of place you visit frequently.  I've had many pastrami sandwiches prior to eating at this historic restaurant, but I honestly feel like I've never had pastrami before eating Langer's.  Honestly, I would gladly pay $20 for this sandwich, park farther, and drive to a more ghetto neighborhood for this pastrami.  If you care more about $ than good food, just get two cheeseburgers from McDonald's for $1 and stop yelping.Langer's #19 is a transcendental, spiritual food experience. It's one of those few things that I've eaten and been completely astounded by the flavors, by the textures, not having any idea a pastrami sandwich could taste THIS GOOD.Great deli food - huge platters of meat and accompaniments. Sandwiches feed at least two so plan accordingly or be ready to take stuff home. Wish there was somewhere like this in the Bay Area.I've been wanting to go to this place for the longest time because I heard their pastrami sandwich was the best.  My friend got the popular #19 which has swiss cheese, coleslaw, and russian dressing.  I tried some and I was surprise how delicious it was.  I thought it would be too sweet cause of the dressing and coleslaw but it actually went very well together.  I got the half sandwich and soup.  The pastrami sandwich itself was yummy.  The rye bread was amazing.  I'm not for sure where they get their bread, but they have the best rye bread.  Soft and moist in the middle and the crust was really crunchy.  For the soup I got the matzo ball.  I thought it was good but Canter's has the best.  The matzo ball wasn't as dense and flavorful compared to Canter's.dude this place is $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$2 sandwhiches1 large fries 1 coffee 1 heinie$45 PLUS  tip ( & a big one at that cuz i sat at the counter waiting for my bf & betty white waitress kept chirping "is he coming soon??" so i felt like i needed to compensate for holding the booth..)LONG line out the door around 130ishlike 30 ppl dude.i saw jerry o'connell & he looked like a regular old pico union tweaker...nevertheless, langers' food is on my top 5kept hearing about this place from listening to the lakers radio show on 710espnthe dude kept saying its the best pastrami so i was like i gotta try this..finally went today for the first time.had the #19 everyone talks about.my friends ordered a cheeseburger and a cali chicken sandwich.i and the waitress looked at them like are u out yr dam mind?then come to find out these dudes dont eat pastramiwell, if i didnt eat a certain food, i think i would at least try it at the place that is supposed to be famous for it.  ah i guess its their loss.well. the cheeseburger looked good the chikcen watever.the # 19 was excellent as every other reviewers stated the homeys that were hating on the pastrami werestaring at my sandwich like,I've never seen pastrami look like that...duh we get there a bit early b4 lunch on saturdayand soon after us the place was heavily packed.One of LA's greatest old school hot spots. The hot pastrami sandwich with cole slaw, swiss cheese and Russian dressing is the best combo meal anyone can ask for when hitting this spot. This place is so good you will come back for second and then some.Heard about this place from Food TV's The Best Thing I Ever Ate.  Their pastrami and corned beef sandwiches are almost as good as the ones from NYC.  It definitely brought back fond memories.  We highly recommend going here if you want an authentic pastrami or corned beef sandwich.#19 Pastrami sandwich is worth all the hype. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. My only gripe is that the sandwich itself is a bit on the small side for the hefty $17 you end paying for it. If it were stacked with more meat than I would go every week but due to the price I only go on special occasions. Parking can be a pain as well.Their #19 Pastrami sandwich is by far the best you'll find in town. Oh... and it aint cheap.I'm still dreaming of the #19, pastrami on rye, with swiss, slaw and russian mayo. I saw this spotlighted on Food Network and since I travel in and out of LA a lot. I'd thought I'd drop by. I didn't realize that it's in the middle of the barrio but what the hey, I'm packing heat. I found metered parking but they do validate so try to find a paid parking lot around there. I did see a drug deal on the way there unless they were palming throat lozenges to each other. Good times. Came in on a Monday, during lunch rush, and the place was busy. Not out the door busy where I guess that's where the line ropes are for but bustling. Sat at the counter. Promptly served and attended to.  Ordered the Famous #19, small fries and ice tea.  Food came promptly but staggered. Sandwich first then fries. I didn't know what to expect, since this is 2nd time I've ever had pastrami. The sandwich was awesome. The crust on the freshbaked rye bread gave it so much texture. The flavors melded right into each other. The pastrami, good lord! Juicy, tender, sweet with the right amount of spices. Everything was freshly made.  After taking a bite, I felt transported to some NY jewish deli.  Like I said, I still dream of this sandwich. Some things that did detract from the experience. The fries were average and the meat was not stacked a mile high like Katz's Deli I had in Vegas. Paying 14 bucks for a sandwich I want more bang.  My bill for sandwich, drink and fries was 22bucks not including tip. Watching the interaction with staff and customers as I ate, these folks hadn't let fame gone to their heads. Friendly enough. Coming back again.Very delicious! This place has made me forget all about ALL other sandwich joints! Jerry's Deli? No. The Hat? No. I don't eat at many sandwich places, but seriously, I don't go anywhere else for pastrami from now.  The prices are high to the visible eye, but think about what the time they take to prepare the pastrami.  It is serious business! I savor every single bite I take into that $17- dollar- after- LA- sales- tax- sandwich.  I am afraid if I order another side or something I would've eaten my biweekly food budget.  It may seem like I am being sarcastic, but I really enjoy the sandwich and sometimes one needs to spoil themselves.Good stuff.  Overpriced but good stuff.  Service: excellent!  Try the brisket sandwich with the red horseradish.  My oh my.  Try the apple pie a la mode with the butterscotch sauce or the brandy sauce or the something brown sauce.  Pretty darn good.  Buy a loaf of rye on the way out and watch the slicer slice the slices.  And then make some sammiches at home.This place isn't located in the greatest part of town, but the food makes up for it.  We went on a a Friday for lunch and the place was super busy.  We had to wait at least fifteen minutes for a table, which was okay considering how many people were waiting for a table.  They must really turn their tables fast.  I actually did not order the most popular dish on the menu, and had instead ordered a basic grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and fries.  It was so good.  i definitely need to try their Pastrami because everybody was raving about it.  My boyfriend ordered a Pastrami sandwich and liked it a lot.  Overall I thought this place was great.  All of their staff was very friendly and attentive.I credit Langers for curing my nasty cold. Got Matzo Ball soup + 1/2 pastrami sandwich combo for 2 days in a row. It's put of this world and on the 3rd day I rose again.i dont even like pastrami, or at least until i tried it at LANGERS! OMG, this is the best pastrami I HAVE EVER TASTED. I LOVE LANGERSSSSSSSSVERY good deli food. I had a turkey sandwich and matzo ball soup. It was crowded, but it was really good. I tried some of t he pastrami and it was amazing. Definitely some good deli food here.Proof that God exists. No more agnosticism.we ordered the #19 pastrami sandwich--juicy pieces of tender pastrami, a slice of Swiss cheese, nice and crunchy coleslaw that's not overdressed and the right amount of Russian dressing in between perfectly toasted rye bread. this is the best sandiwich i've had in my life. katz's deli has some competition!I was reviewing Carnegie Deli in NYC (disappointing!) and realized I needed to show my love for Langer's.Whenever I visit my grandparents in LA, our first stop after they pick me up from the airport is always Langer's.  I get SO excited on the 50 minute flight to SoCal, it's almost kind of sad.  And then the last time I visited, they picked me up and told me we wouldn't be going to Langer's until the next day, because my great-aunt was also in town and wanted to come.  I wanted to cry.  (I love my great-aunt, but I hadn't eaten all day because I was saving myself for the lean, delicious pastrami on soft-and-chewy-on-the-inside-and-crunchy-on-the-­outside rye bread.)  :*(My grandparents now know to warn me if Langer's isn't on the itinerary immediately after my arrival.The chili fries are also good, but for some reason they aren't willing to serve the cheese and onions on the side.  I once went with people who were lactose intolerant and didn't like onions.  When we asked for the cheese and onions on the side, our waitress told us that "the kitchen won't do that."  Strange.Came here with my friend, who was also a fellow food lover. She told me it was the best pastrami sandwich you can get in LA. She was not lying....All I have to say is.....WOW! That was the best pastrami sandwich, no the best sandwich I've ever eaten in my life. The meat was so tender and juicy, the bread was nicely toasted, and was just utterly mouth watering. I NEED TO GO BACK THERE.Amazing sangwiches! Pastrami is to die for and so us the corned beef. The only thing is it's rather expensive. It's on average $13-$14 for a sandwich, and no sides. Great food though so it's still worth it.My first time at Langer's was a great experience. I had their most popular meal, the #19, a pastrami sandwich . The food was great and so was the service. Don't let the neighborhood scare you away from tasting Langer's . I'd definitely go back :)Hands down the best pastrami ever. Portions arent huge for the price they charge, yes I know quality over quantity but lunch for 2 adults and a toddler $80. I've had several variations of the Pastrami sandwich but my fave is the Pastrami/chopped liver.SOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!! Enough said. If you are reading this to see if you should come here put your phone down and find a parking spot. You will not be disappointed. This is a party for your tastebuds. Order #19 as is! Order it the way they make it. Don't try to change the bread or dressing. Just eat it!Langer's has the BEST pastrami I have ever tried.  The infamous #19 combo is what I got and I wasn't expecting TOO much because I thought I was going to be disappointed thinking it was overpriced, but as soon as I bit into the sandwich, it became all I could think of.  The bread is SO good and the mustard they have with it is just amazing.  The coleslaw, the pastrami, pickles, bread, mustard, and everything else on it just makes Langer's the best place for a delicious pastrami sandwich, hands down.  The chili fries are pretty good, too, so try it if you'd like.  AND it's pretty much a historic landmark.They have their own lot across the street and it's 1hr free with a validation, so don't forget to get that.Excellent pastrami, but not worth $15.  If you're going to charge me $15 for a sandwich, I expect something outrageously good. Or, in the alternative, to have lingerie models feed me the sandwich. Langers did not have any lingerie models.I'm a pretty tough grader but this place was definitely very VERY GOOD! Got the pastrami that most people get and it was delish! Split fries w/ a buddy and the fries are good too.... but the sandwhich was amazingly good! Definitely will go out of my way to come here again and will be on list of things to show friends that visit LA. I think what made it so tasty, besides the quality of the meat, was the coleslaw dressing type stuff they used, it was delish and perfect w/ the pastrami. Definitely a big fan now!First time there. Great pastrami sandwich on rye. The pastrami was tender and didn't have any fat.Sure the deli is located in a part of town that could use a good fire-bombing and sure the line can be insane at times but if you want the best thick-cut pastrami sandwich in the west, this is it. End of discussion. Practically everything on the menu is good but the pastrami is the clear winner by a mile. The meat is tender, heavy and with just the right amount of juice and framed nicely with fresh bread. Yes, the prices do seem high compared to Johnnie's and Canters but Langers is the place for thick pastrami so just get out your wallet.It's a hike from downtown and the neighborhood has really gone downhill around it, but this is an LA icon. The sandwich is so big, you'll be hardpressed to finish it. Better to split anyways, because it's pretty expensive. So, cross your fingers that you don't get mugged going here and enjoy the rewards of one of the best deli snadwiches in the city.3 stars is A-OK...which is what this place was. I tried the # 19 (how could I not after all the hype) and a regular pastrami sandwich (relax...I shared everything) along with fries, a side of cole slaw and a kishke appetizer. The best thing about the sandwiches was the bread...nice fresh rye with a (how did they get it so) crunchy crust. IMHO the #19 was unnecessary...too busy...the regular pastrami (with nothing but mustard) was much better. The cole slaw (side order...not on the #19) tasted OK...very creamy but no real 'wow' factor. Fries were good. Kishke was a OK but too vegetal...as if someone decided to 'healthy' it up a bit and grate in a few carrots. Why? If I wanted healthy I would have had the salad. Service was good...friendly and efficient. Just so happens that I went to Canter's later in the week and had the waiter bring over a few slices of their pastrami. A little better than Langers but still nothing amazing. But let's face it...it's LA...not NY...not Montreal.Today I tried something else at Langer's. A  #54 - PASTRAMI and CORNED BEEF COMBO with SWISS CHEESE and COLE SLAW Russian Style Dressing added. Total cost: $17.75 plus tax. So what's better, their pastrami or corned beef? Why choose? Why not have them both with all the beloved trimmings of a #19? It should have its own number. Are you reading this, Norm? Trisha?The pastrami with chopped liver is the business.I heard about their pastrami sandwiches and had to try it.  Best so far.  I had the Hat, Oinkster, and Canters.  What's even better is the curbside service.Actually the pastrami with the kitchen sink is great.  But $15? get out of here with that price. lol.First time here and Yes the #19 is all I have to say. I wish it wasn't all the way in LA I hate the drive from OC.I came to this place for the first time when Langer's was having their 65th anniversary back in June of this year. I would drive pass this place every time I drove to L.A. but never stopped to try it out. When I heard they were giving away free #19 pastrami sandwiches, I thought "Hey! Why not, I live close enough." Woke up at 6 am that day, got there around 6:40am and waited 2 hours in line until finally it was my turn at the counter booth. And was it worth it? Oh yes indeed. I tried many a pastrami sandwich in my lifetime and never have I come across something quite like this. Firstly, the pastrami meat is more what you'd expect in a corned beef sandwich. It isn't thin and curly, instead you get slabs that are about a quarter inch thick. Second, the coleslaw and dressing makes the flavor unforgettable. And combined with the rye bread, the sandwich has a wonderful texture that makes for a beautiful crunch whenever you take a bite. I have since come back and ordered 2 more #19's so that my family could try, but it felt a little lacking the second time around. I had to take one star off because of the location of the restaurant. It's located in a seedy part of L.A. next to MacArthur Park and parking is difficult unless you're willing to pay for the parking lot specially reserved for Langer's customers. Another reason for the one off is the price. It can get a little pricey. I didn't realize when I was getting it for free but after coming back I saw that the price for a #19 was $15! Having said that, I still think it's worth going to and trying their #19 at least once. I'm glad I had a chance to experience what Langer's was all about and were it not for that anniversary give away, I might have never known. Cheers!I love the 19. Only downside is that I leave to fullThis place is so good ! The food is true deli stile food with an amazing choice of fresh meats and cheese and to top it all off its served in a dinner type setting with the best grilled deli sandwiches in town ! 5 star  food A must do on to do list . Huge portions of wonderful foodA close 2nd to Katz in NY.  I liked it and would go back.Wow what a sandwich  #19 Baby, your so yummyPastrami, Swiss cheese, Coleslaw Russian style on Rye Bread. With Pickles on the side.First thing I was waiting for a salty experience (Pastrami) but I was dead wrong.The first bite, 5 Stars Pastrami - So juicy, so much flavor, thick cut, and it melts in you mouth.5 Stars Coleslaw - Perfect combo, its a little sweet and great complement to the meat.5 Starts Bread - Rye Bread was fresh, it had a good texture and the crust was still crunch.  You have to try it.3-4 Stars for the Cheese, I think I wasn't able to taste it.  But I do love Swiss.5 Starts Pickle - I think they make it them selves was very tasty.They cut the sandwich into 2,   I ate the first halve, it was filling but my mouth and my hand was telling me to go for it eat the second halve, gosh was very very good.The price with tax and tips is about $19.00 (No Drinks) - Unfortunately I wont be able to visit them for a while, that maybe the reason why this place was not packed when we ate there. (I will try to visit them again $$$.)Arguably one of the best pastrami sandwiches i have had. A bit pricey for my taste but good for every once in a while. Get there early or be prepared to stand in line.When a restaurant is as delish as Langer's...The price tag is of no concern!!!!!pastrami, nmnmnm... enough said!The best deli in Los Angeles. The service is great, the pastrami is excellent but not the best in the country. Katz Deli in New York pastrami is better. The neighborhood surrounding Langers...McArthur Park/ Westlake area is being cleaned up.  It somewhat reminds me Lower East side  New York in mid 90's. So Unless you are scared of nice mexican/american families and ice cream vendors there should be no reason not to visit Langers. Risk your life to come down here? Please.  Maybe in 1993. Not today.I just did a side by side comparison with Millers' East Coast West Deli in San Francisco, where they machine slice the pastrami.  This way it's piled a little higher in the center!  Miller's was just great, and three dollars cheaper, so I'm downgrading Langers' to four stars, based on value.Good old langer's deli has been a mainstay in LA for its pastrimi sandwiches and other deli style foods. The pastrimi on rye with swiss cheese oh man so good. Reminds me of Katz deli in way.Ok I have been on a pastrami binge for about 4-5 months now and I have been to alot of different places and I would have to say this has to be the best pastrami place I have been to. You have to order the pastrami on rye which is #19 on the menu. Service was good and fast.Probably the best pastrami I have ever had, parking is a pain, you have to park at a crowded little parking lot down the street, they validate. The neighborhood is less than ideal. I live in Highland Park (Rancho Cucaracha) so am somewhat an expert on less than ideal neighborhoods. It is so weird having a great Jewish Deli right in the middle of a bad part of Tia Juana! Try the pastrami, not cheap, but worth it, I think only Canter's has anything close to the pastrami there, its just downright great...So I'll make this pretty short. Langer's wasn't lying when they claimed to have the greatest pastrami sandwich in the world. Honestly this pastrami sandwich is heaven. Their coleslaw is bomb as well. The only negative about Langer's is that it's located in a pretty bad neighborhood, but as long as you aren't going there at night, you'll be fine. Loved this place.Went there by subway while on jury drudgery in February.  Have only been here once before, also jury duty, several years back.  Completely reliable, same as I remember.  The waiter is always so nice. For those 2 reasons, I'm giving it a 4.  Their pastrami on rye and cheesecake cannot possibly compare to Carnegie or Stage delis in NYC.  But they're decent and, for that neighborhood of MacArthur Park, practically an oasis.  Worth a try if you get trapped on jury duty, and sooner or later, you will be.Their most popular sandwich (pastrami on rye with swiss, cole slaw, and Russian dressing) is the best sandwich!Brisket style Pastrami sandwiches, not the thin-slice and pile high kind of sandwich. Now that I don't live in LA anymore, I miss them terribly. I alway's order #19 and share fries with table. The meat is rich and tender, rye bread is soft in middle and has a great crust. Coleslaw, Swiss cheese and Russian dressing just bring it all together. While fat=flavor, the meat can be on the richer side, so I ask my sandwiches lean, and they trim off the excess fat. You can also ask for extra lean, but I believe they charge extra for this. The restaurant has it's own private lot (free w/validation) 1 block east on 7th/Westlake. Can get crowded during lunch, so arrive early.Pastrami Sandwich  was wonderful. It was so light and tasty and marble at the same time. Service was great! Definitely will come back.Yes, the pastrami is pretty danged good. 4 stars. Langers has the usual deli sandwich prices, but gives you about 1/3 of the usual deli meat. Maybe 3.5 stars after this penalty. The omelet looked a little odd.been to a lot of deli's and never really liked any too much but this place blew me away!the atmosphere is great in there you begin to forget how bad the neighborhood is.The food is amazing! sandwiches are very tasty and i had a malt shake as well...amazing just like the rest!i highly recommend this place! very fun to go to. only down side is that it closes a little early.Best pastrami I've ever had. Must-try for pastrami lovers. Very crowded during the business lunch rush.Ditto to all the homies who praised this place.  I had the pastrami #1-comes with coleslaw and russian dressing. Sandwich was kinda messy with the coleslaw stuffed into the sandwich, but you bite into that sucka and it just melts in your mouth. next time i prob get the pastrami w/o the slaw. if you short on time, phone in your order, drive up and they bring it out you. what more can you ask for.... I had cantor's and jerry's deli. the pastrami here is in a  different league.My god, the pastrami is mindblowing.  I don't care for pastrami or rye bread very much but everyone in my office said I had to try Langers.  I finally did this past week and it's incredible.  I have been craving it since.Langer's pastrami - Every human carnivore needs to eat this at least once. Period.  End of story.The best thick cut pastrami ever!!!The pastrami sandwich is something I dream about.  My wife and I are Chicagoans and have had a good sandwich or two in our day, but nothing compared to this masterpiece.  The rye bread is soft and fresh, the warm pastrami is lean and delicious, and the dressing, cheese and slaw provide just enough balance and accent.  The best meal we had on our trip to CA, including at French Laundry and Fleur de Lys.  I will insist on returning anytime I am in or near LA.Great quality meat and bread. Ordered the #19. The food is a bit pricey. Location is not the best, I suggest go during the day. Will likely not go out of my way for it. But worth trying once.Pastrami is my favorite type of meat, and I can't get enough of it. When I heard about a place that included pastrami and coleslaw in the same sandwich, I was excited to try it out! And to my surprise, the sandwich was AMAZING! It wasn't dry and wasn't soggy, it was perfect, and I would definitely go back for more.But warning**! Do NOT get the chocolate phosphate... I should have known as a college student that it was a chocolate soda. However, YES to the sandwiches!My boyfriend had been raving about this place since I've known him, and let me tell you...THAT alone is a lllloooonnnnggg time.  NOW, I get the love affair he has with trying out pastrami sandwiches where ever we go.  To get initiated into Langer's I had the #19....A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! Man, it surely DOES NOT get better than this.17 of us did a Pastrami taste test between Langers Deli and Canters Deli to decide which made the better pastrami sandwich.  Out of the 17 votes, 15 voted for Langers being a way better tasting sandwich.  In fact, there was really no comparison.  Upon first bite of each, Langers meat was sliced thicker and was more succulent and moist.  Canters meat was thinner sliced, densely packed and drier thann Langers.  Langers bread was also voted better than canters.  So just to take any question out of whose sandwich is better.  Langers blew Canters away by 88% of the votes.Langer's has classic atmosphere, classic service, and great food. Yes it's a little bit expensive for a sandwich, but it's worth it. You get a hefty portion of meat, and everything on the plate is good, including the pickle. Langer's also has impeccable servers who are attentive without hovering and give you enough time to decide on your order without abandoning you.The perfect service is what pushes it over the top for me. I'd give give this place a 4-star review for the #19 pastrami sandwich even if an angry person threw it to me from a grimy food cart, but with the old-school ambiance and wait staff, Langer's is five-star all the way.This place was simply to die for... The food was amazing, the lines out the door spoke volumes, and the genuine feeling of a real deli was obvious at Langer's... A must visit if you're in the area.Very good quality pastrami in one of the worst neighboorhoods near Mac Arthur Park. It will satisfy that deli craving and the quality remains consistant.Langer's is a really great Deli.  Their Pastrami is awesome, really really good.  Their service is also excellent.  The problem is, Langer's is in a shitty neighborhood, right off MacArthur Park.  And MacArthur Park is frightening in the dark, just like the old song says, so i don't make it over here much.Upon arriving in Los Angeles one of the first things I heard about was how great the Pastrami sandwiches are at Langer's. Intrigued by this I made a little venture to 7th and Alvorado. The neighborhood is a little crazy and is sprawling with chicanos but it is vibrant and kind of unique. Parking can be quite difficult but they do have  their own lot down the street. As for the sandwiches itself, it did not disappoint. I ordered the #19 the first time and it was delicious. It's not stacked quite as high as other pastrami sandwiches I've had but the pastrami is not too salty and full of flavor and the rye bread is grilled to perfection, the coleslaw and russian dressing also add to the flavor of the sandwich. It can be a bit pricey but you definitely get your moneys worth and the sandwiches are very filling. It's definitely worth a visit.If you don't mind the smell of urine in the air as you walk to and from your car then the number 19 is well worth the drive. Best sandwich I've ever had and I mean that sincerely. One word of advice... NEVER take anyone there for a first date. The great food cannot overcome the less than savory atmosphere.I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY. Best Deli in LA, 100000x better then canters, (and I LOVE canters) if only it was open later. You have to try the pastrami. Never go Exactly at 12 because that is the lunch rush, but 12 30 is ok.I am a pastrami addict and this is quite possibly the BEST ANYWHERE.  I do love Katz' Deli in NYC, but the #19 here is UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!  Anyone who does not love it must be dead already.The pastrami is good, but it's not all that.  And if it weren't for the terrible parking situation, I'd probably eat here more often.Ordered the famous #19 using curb side service. My friend and I splitted the sandwich since $15 for a sandwich was a bit too much for us. We also ordered chilli cheese fries with the sandwich.We called the restaurant and went to pick it up in 5 minutes. Curbside service was a great idea but it was hard to park in front of the restaurant as it is supposed to be No Stopping anytime. Since our food was not ready we waited there for a few minutes, hoping police won't find us. The food was ready in a few minutes and we paid with cash. The sandwich was really good and we enjoyed it but it didn't come with anything else, not even with pickles. That is a huge bummer for me. I used to live in NYC and pickles are must for Jewish deli. The meat was not greasy and very very tasty. Fries were good but nothing outrageous. I would recommend to try Langer's for a experience, but I don't know whether I am willing to pay $15 for a sandwich, when I can have other yummy food for $10 during lunch time.Go here.  That is all I have to say.Its been several months since I've eaten at this place but if you're in the mood for a great pastrami, you've got to go to this place. We went there last weekend and I ordered the #19 with a cream soda and a side of fries. Their pastrami is so heavenly and you can get it on your choice of bread. The owner is a nice guy and has been there to welcome us to our table each time with warm words; its a nice touch and they have validated parking in a lot about half a block east on 7th...Don't be one of those schmucks that comes here & orders a caesar salad.  Order the #19, sit back, wait, and then bask in the knowledge - absolute and pure - that this is the best pastrami sandwich in the world.I've never spent $15 on a sandwich and felt like I underpaid.Easily the best sandwich I've had in my life. The service was great, food was prepared fast.  Will not disappoint.This place has THE BEST Pastrami sandwich I have ever had. I felt like I got what I paid for in a $14 sandwich. It was delicious. I am now a fan. My only complaint is that I dont live closer. :(By far best pastrami sandwiches in LA....just don't know if its worth the $25 for a sandwich, fries, and coke!GREAT food... Bagels, Pastrami,, etc.....I had the #19 and boy was is deeeeeeelish! The pastrami was tender and melt in your mouth yummy! I HIGHLY recommending this establishment.. BUT. Its pricey $15 for the sandwich and it DOES NOT come with fries. For 2 adults 2 teens and 2 kids (that shared a sandwich) our bill was $90.92!!!! Yikes!#19. Nothing like it in this world.went to Langer's deli last week. The service was very good, and the food was better than most deli's in the area. I will be going back soonHands down, Langer's makes the best corned beef and pastrami sandwiches in the world.  Forget NYC.The neighborhood is scarey and dangerous.  You can call ahead and order your food. Just drive your car up to the front of the restaurant and they will bring the food to you, wrapped neatly in a paper bag.The best deli in Los Angeles. They make the pastrami there and it is very good. The sides are great. The service excellent. Parking is little far from the restaurant. Great place.Had the Kipper & onions, scrambled eggs, hash browns this time, EXCELLENT! Also, Eve helped us out, a Scottish lady, who shared some Scottish stories about the dish. She sure made the dining experience better! :)You will never eat any better pastrami in your life. I am not a cheese lover... so Get a Number 1!!!!!!!Hands down the best pastrami in the world. Yes, IN THE WORLD! Just order the #19 with some fries and bask in a meaty-utopia. Get there early so you can take advantage of the teeny tiny parking lot, rather than driving around MacArthur Park trying to find street parking.In the world of pastrami, Langer's is king.Langer's does everything right; everything that really matters, at least.  It's clean.  The staff is friendly.  It's fast.  But I'm not about to walk through one of the most dangerous parts of town for nothing.  I go there for the food.  Everything I've ever had there is delicious, but that doesn't really say much.  Once you try the pastrami, you'll never want to order anything else.  I have never had a better pastrami.  The pastrami sort of just falls apart in your mouth.  It's essentially the consistency of properly barequed meat.  Langer's has a the best pastrami.    If you believe otherwise, you're wrong.It is unfortunate that it's only open for a few hours a day, for only six days.I'm not going to wax poetically about the best pastrami in LA (if not the US). The #19. The #44. The double-baked rye bread. All superb! No, I'm not going to dwell on the perfect deli fare Langer's serves. There is an unsung gem at Langer's (and not something one normally seeks out at a deli) - the chili. Seriously. The chili. It's thick. It's packed with flavor (yes, it could be spicier). It is not greasy. It is delicious. If you find yourself at Langer's and you're not in need of a pastrami fix (or even if you are), do yourself a favor and try the chili.Best pastrami dip in all of LA.. HANDS. DOWN. It has been in the same location for about a million years and it's still going strong. The only drawback, is that it's not open in the evenings. So, plan ahead and go to Langers - no place else in LA comes close. Tips - get the pastrami dip and chili cheese fries (you may shorten your life span by a couple of days, but you'll go with a smile on your face). Also, to avoid the Saturday afternoon line outside, try going at 3-ish, when the crowds have died down a bit. Enjoy!This is one of those reviews you wished you could glow about. Went there on Saturday, March 24, 2012 to pick up some corned beef and pickles and rye bread to take home. Now I understand they claim to have the best pastrami but I was sure the corned beef would be good too....it was just so-so. The pickles weren't the best either, both Nate n Al and Cantors are way ahead of them as are the incredible kosher delis in Chicago. The neighborhood is very shaky as well. I give it 2 of 5 stars only because the rye bread was great and the young lady at the cashier did a great job at a very busy time.Ate there last week , was seated quickly service was great I ordered the #19 it was the BOMB !!!! the fresh rye bread was awesome crispy crust on the outside and nice and soft on the inside .!! Has to be the best deli in L.A .Finally I made it to this historic place! I had the the special#19, it was incredible! Im not a big fan of rye bread but when I told this to our server she suggested I try  it, because it was the best in the city. I'm so glad I did it was delicious! Bread was not overwhelming, the pastrami was perfect good quality meat.  Its always great when the staff makes you feel welcome! Can't wait to go back and take my husband!Shared a legendary #19 and a reuben on sourdough with a friend.  The rye bread on the #19 was awesome.  The crust had a crunch without making your jaw or gums sore and the inside was soft but didn't fall apart.  It was more like a well-baked cookie.  Caraway seeds were pretty light so it didn't overwhelm the taste.  By contrast, the sourdough did fall apart and get a little messy (although it might've been because the reuben is more wet with dressing and sauerkraut).Neither of the meats (pastrami, corned beef) were strong in flavor, but they were tender, juicy, and well-cooked.The slaw on the #19 was a perfect add-on, because it gave a really light sweetness to the sandwich.  Russian dressing was good, blended well, and wasn't overflowing/overwhelming.  Kraut wasn't really strong either, but wasn't bad.-1 star because I would've liked tastier meats and pickles and the price does get up there.Great atmosphere (feels like walking into old school NY from the decor to the staff to the patrons to the cash register) and tasty food.Their pastrami with Swiss and cole slaw is worth being verbally harrassed by the colorful characters hanging out in the area.Didn't have a great eating experience in LA, but the food here was one of the higher lights of the trip.  Our waiter Ari was awesome and gave excellent suggestions.  Had the #19 and it was one of the best deli sandwiches I've had.Food was ok, we had the pastrami sandwich. It's very large, we ordered one each, but could have split one. The ambiance was ruined by the very iffy neighborhood it's located in -- there were some really smelly parts and people outside where you had to line up in a very hot day. Kind of took the appetite away.But if you go -- pastrami sandwich and cream soda. Excellent.Excellent service and tasty food. Comparable to Schwartz of Montreal. We shared the popular #19 and a simple pastrami on rye. Both were good. Big portions. Sat along the counter and watched the action. Sheila our server was friendly and attentive! Definitely recommended!!I kept hearing about this place over and over again, so we had to drive all the way to downtown LA to try it. It was good, they made the sandwiches unique and different, the drinks were good, they had items that you don't always find, as far as soft drinks go, but it was way over priced. My kid had a PB&J, they made that sandwich so cool that it was a shame to eat it. 4 people for $70.The pastrami Dip and Roast beef dip are to die for.  Pair one of those with Chili cheese fries and you are set.  Just make sure to come hungry.I agree with the other reviewers.  Order the #19!  That's all you need to remember.test reviewedit..Langer's has the best tasting pastrami I've come across. Thicker slices, tenders, juicy and flavorful. On a crispy toasted rye....mmmh  mmmh...can't wait to go back.So I came across Langer's while being utterly scared of the neighborhood.  It was a hot day and I just wanted to go somewhere that wasn't ghetto (don't tell me MacArthur Park isn't ghetto!).  I saw this place and remembered a few reviews I'd read about it.  I proceed to go in and was seated by a sweet old lady with some sort of European accent I reckon.Here, I ask for her opinion and what do you know, she recommends the pastrami with Russian dressing.  After a few minutes of waiting, I bite into the sandwich.  Wow, really really damn good.  The pastrami was salty, savory, and tender while the coleslaw proved a great crisp, refreshing counterpoint to the meat.  I'd go back in a heartbeat if I could right now.Only major problem about this place is that the sandwich is expensive as hell (relatively).  But really in all honesty, it was worth it.Are you ready for an $11 pastrami sandwich?Once I got over the sticker shock - I said "well, it will be like Katz's or Carnegie in New York, it will be piled so high I'll take half home for another meal....NOT!  There was actually not much pastrami on any of the 3 sandwiches we ordered.  Pretty good though...Share a #19 and a  side of mashed potatoes with someone. Its the way to go.The # 19 and Langer's pastrami, is the absolute in tasty ! Rye bread , russian dressing , cole slaw and a slice of swiss. Put a little mustard in it ? and u r good to go ! My dad got me hooked when i was a kid.We would take the #200 from Echo Park that dropped us off across the street, share a meal than trek back home with a full belly .It really is good ! Staff is nice and on it , they always know what i want when i walk through the doors. Oh and who cares where its at , really ?I like watching A Patch of Blue, and seeing MacCarthur  park and the area in it's hey day ! ok so the area IS shitty now , but so what ,  i'll still hit Langers because it is  so good  !hands down the best Pastrami I ever tasted in my life...for pastrami fans or non-fans this place is a must try. Probably the most expensive pastrami I purchase so far but it was worth it... service is excellent too...ratings for places that serve pastrami1st place- Langer's2nd palce- Johnny's Pastrami (Culver City)3rd place- The HatI guess I'm not a pastrami fan because every big restaurant critic says this joint has the best on the planet.  The pastrami sandwich is one of the worst sandwiches I've ever had. And it costs something like $12.  Lots of fat and gristle.  Guess that means it's good pastrami.  I also got a piece of chocolate cake which was even worse. It looked good but tasted like it had been sitting on the counter for daysDid somebody say pastrami?Using a sports analogy, Langer's is a Hall of Famer that's still playing at the top of its game, even if it goes to the bench early nowadays.Explored plenty of delis over the years, and my trips to Langer's have been infrequent at best ever since they eliminated the dinner and late shifts more than 20 years ago.  But, every time I eat here, I feel like I've come home.  The pastrami is amazing and that's Langer's claim to fame.David Sax's outstanding new book "Save The Deli" cites Langer's as the best pastrami in the "universe."  (And yes New Yorkers, you are part of the universe.)  Among the traditional pastrami sandwiches I've had, Langer's is about as good as it gets.  My preference is with cream cheese and tomato ... MMMMM!!!Yes, I've been to Katz's and I would say that Langer's is at least at the same level.  The two delis share a commonality in that the pastrami at both places is carved by hand, not with a machine slicer.  That explains why the texture is similar.  As far as the flavor goes, I give a slight nod to Langer's.  The place and the neighborhood have definitely seen better days.  Langer's used to be open until at least midnight (if not 24 hours).  But, the place was never especially busy after dark when many of the other businesses surrounding MacArthur Park closed for the night.  So, it was no surprise when Langer's progressively cut their hours further and further back until they got down to just one shift.My understanding is that the opening of the Metro red line basically saved Langer's because it shortened the travel time to and from downtown, and allowed more people to come to Langer's during the lunch and off-peak hours.  I also appreciate their enterprising ways with curbside pickup.  With parking as tight as it is during the day, having the curbside service is great.As others have noted, the sandwiches ain't cheap.  But, this is not fast food pastrami like The Hat or Johnnie's.  Each of these pastrami variations have their strongsuits, but you definitely pay more for the traditional slow cooked deli fare.  And if it's best-of-breed stuff like Langer's, it's worth it.A few years ago, I spent a whole summer at NYU where I had easy access to Katz pastrami whenever I want it. 'Heavenly' is the only way I could describe my life that summer. But ever since I got back to LA, I've been on a constant search to find a comparable deli. Of course, nothing could perfectly replicate 'heaven.' But I did find Langer's. And in my opinion, it's probably 'nirvana.' Some would say that 'heaven' and 'nirvana' is basically the same place, but for the purposes of this review, let's just say that it's different. And yes, they are both equally AMAZING. That being said, I don't think Katz and Langer's should be ranked against each other. The way I see it, if you're in NY you should go to Katz. And when you're in LA you should go to Langer's. If you're in LA and you don't want to spent a few hundred bucks on a trip to NY, you can always go to Langer's. And that's basically my situation right now.  #19 is superb. I'll yield to the description of other reviewers for the sake of time. Somewhat pricey, yes. But if you think about it, it's about the same price as Canter's. So why would you ever go to Canter's when Langer's is infinitely better?The only qualm I have, although minor, is that they use pink lemonade for their Arnold Palmer. That to me is a no-no. Additional Notes:+ Service is good.+ Free parking with validation.+ MacArthur Park across the street, if you want to take a short walk after your meal.+ Surrounding area is ghetto, but I suppose you can look at it as a cultural experience.+ They close early, so do your homework before you visit.Best Pastrami in LA, if not the country!The best pastrami on the West Coast, bar none.Sometimes when places claim to have the best of something, it's a stretch, and you go away disappointed. But that was not the case here! The pastrami sandwich was so delicious, since eating it I've been getting cravings for it all the time. The price was a bit high, $15 for the sandwich alone, but definitely worth it, I had no regrets. Next time I'll split the sandwich with someone as I was sufficiently full after eating half.Well, if you can get past the "colorful" surroundings this place is the real deal!  Located right across from McArthur Park and in the middle of what looks like T.J., Langers is a jewel in the muck of downtown LA.  Luckily, they have their own dedicated parking lot across the street or else it would be impossible to eat here and I wouldn't leave my car in that neighborhood.  And when you walk inside, the clientele does not reflect the surroundings whatsoever!  We of course had to order the #19 which is the Pastrami on Rye....very, very good!  I had the chopped liver sandwich on Rye....just as good as Canters.  We took a walk around the lake after lunch....you can probably skip that unless the smell of urine is what you crave after a big lunch.  We will definitely be back next time we're in the area :-)Coming to Langer's for a laid-back lunch is always a treat. Not a surprise, given the other reviews, but if you have to choose one of their sandwich varieties I would say you cannot go wrong with the #19.  Simply put, this is the best PASTRAMI sandwich I have ever had! The great combination of melt in your mouth fork tender butter smooth meat with the crusty yet soft rye bread is amazing!Probably the best Pastrami i've ever had, and i've had my fair share of them.  The Pastrami French Dip practically makes my toes curl..... It would probably give Kats in NY a run for their money but from what i've heard about Kats... maybe not..  This place is alittle expensive for a deli which is why I dont bother going here more than a few times a year if that.  I mean 16$ for a sandwich?  C'mon!So damn good. Just go now!!!!  Prices could be cheaper, but the #19 is worth every bite.#19....awesomest pastrami sandwich ever.# 19 Pastrami. That's all I gotta say. Try it and you will be hooked! Best Pastrami in the country aside from maybe Carnegie Deli in NYC! The Rye bread that they use is awsome! Nice crust with each bite. Heaven!!I must say that I don't regret a penny spent on the most delicious #19.  However, if it was a little cheaper I would have returned long ago.THE BEST pastrami sandwiches. Guaranteed to be one of the top five sandwiches you will EVER eat. The pastrami is delicious and just melts in your mouth, the rye bread is amazing with a crusty crust and soft middle. For me - It's all about the #19 (swiss, cole slaw and russian dressing) - Out of this world!The owner is extremely rude.  I needed a copy of the receipt as they are hand written and very hard to read and he basically told me I was stealing from my company and could not have a legible receipt.  Rude and assuming.  Needless to say, I will NEVER order from his establisment again, no matter how good people say the sandwiches are.  Owner - Don't always assume the worst in everyone.If you have to wait to get in, it's worth it... We ordered a number 18  with avocado and a number 3 works.  The bread is awesome and the meat is so tenderHelp me out fans.  Last week I'm in the downtown area, so I decide I'm going here, as I've been wanting to try this place forever. I call up their curbside service number. I tell them I want a pastrami sandwich and a diet coke. They tell me it's going to be 19 dollars. I say, "are you sure, isn't that a mistake?", and they say, "no, that's right, would you like a side order to go with that"?I say, "No, thanks anyway", and that's the end of it. And I'm thinking, I can either pay the gas bill for May, or I can eat lunch here. What gives? Do people realize that times are a little tough right now? I go to several pretty incredible deli's in the south land, and I can get a complete lunch, huge sandwich, a side, a drink, for under 10 bucks. Here, 20 bucks doesn't get me a side. I guess it's out of most people's league. Maybe a big occasion or something, but I guess that'd be the only way. It's the priciest sandwich shop I've ever seen, and by a long way. And, I'm also wondering, if I were to actually go eat there, where do you park? I drove around the block once while I was on the phone and did not see any parking for the restaurant.No wonder this place is famous!  The pastrami sandwhiches are perfection.  The pastrami is mouth-watering and the rye bread is delicious.  The portions are spot on.The best pastrami anywhere!!  I am redy for the arguments. Served by and prepared by freindly employees and family for over 50 years.  Not just the best but an institution.  Absolutely one of my all time favorite places to eat.Ok, I've been to all the relevant places.  This is better than any of the new york places.  Probably the best in the world for pastrami. Hopefully they will open later to have dinner service since lines are getting more common for lunch.Langers is my favorite Delicatessen in LA.  The food is much better than Canters on fairfax, although Canters does have a bakery and also caters.  Langers #19 is the best pastrami on rye around!WOW!!!!! You cant go wrong with the #19 Pastrami. That is all I ever get and it never fails to disappoint. Langer's is the ISH!!!!!Great pastrami, well built sandwiches. Definitely share a #19, unless you haven't eaten in days. Really good old school staff in a clean, retro setting.Everything is fantastic. Prepared perfectly. Friendly service. You might have to wait to get in because it's popular, but completely worth it.Order the 19 (pastrami, swiss, russian dressing, and cole slaw - the best cole slaw - all on rye - the best rye).  You can also order whatever else you want on the menu and it is going to be 4 and 1/2 stars, but the 19 is 5 stars.  Go now, unless it is Sunday because they are closed on Sundays, and they are closed at night too - so go for lunch during the week.Where do I begin: the bad food, the bad service, or the unethical practices of the management? Langers, I really wanted to love you, but I refuse to go back.Let's start with the lousy overpriced "deli" food this establishment serves. I've been here more than once and been shocked at the lack of certain staples in the selection (e.g. black and white cookies). I've tried to enjoy the thin, overly salty broth with flavorless matzoh balls, but no luck. I've eaten it simply because I knew I was paying for it and I was hungry. The sandwiches, while generously sized are nothing to write home about. Nothing appears to be fresh as most items are either pre-frozen or from concentrate.Moving past the "food" this joint serves, let's talk about the crappy service. I came here for lunch today (for a friend's birthday) and waited about 40 minutes to be seated. When we were seated, we were given to adjoining booths, so the party was divided in half, yet still charged the obligatory 20% tip (not 18%) for a large group. Yet this alone would not have prompted me to write a review. What really killed me was the following incident. I needed to leave early from the lunch and went to the front to pay with a credit card. After fighting with multiple managers about paying for a cup of soup, they a) overcharged me; b) filled in the tip amount on my behalf on my credit card receipt; and c) told my group I didn't pay. In other words, management stole my $10 since they forced the rest of my group to pay in cash for the whole amount. See the scam? Beware of this restaurant! Just because it's been open for a long time doesn't mean it's any good or worth visiting. The one positive experience at Langers? Parking -- validation was honored and the attendant gave me no trouble.Ok, a little pricey..But it makes up for it's deliciousness!!The staff is wonderful and amazing; the sandwiches are even better. What isn't here??!The pastrami is God-sent..It's a real jewish deli, what can i say?Love this place, I use the curb side pick up and there sandwiches are to die for. I love there Egg Salad but everything I have ever had there was delish! A+++++Best Pastrami in L.A. There are no thin slices of pastrami in this sandwich, I think that's what sets it apart from others. You can't go wrong adding the swiss and coleslaw, and those pickles are making my mouth water!  Y.U.M.Best samich I've ever hadThis place is amazing!  Best Pastrami Sandwich's I've had, and I've had quite a few.  Not the greasy kind of meat, more of a quality meat ordered special out of Burbank so I'm told.  Dont let the location or prices throw you or you'll be sorry.  Free parking lot one block up on the corner.  Looks for the sign.  Only downfall is they are not open on Sundays.    Enjoy!!Langer's pastrami sandwich is outstanding --incredibly moist and perfectly seasoned pastrami. The rye bread crust is delightfully crispy and fresh. Love it.I had the best and most expensive sandwich in my life here. The pastrami with sauerkraut and swiss is awesome! If going for lunch with work get there early (by 11:30) or you will have to wait a while. I am scared to try anything else because it may not be as good... The pastrami lives up to the hype. If you feel like it you can also go get a gun or some crack at McArthur park directly across the street.#19 is the best thing I ever ate. Everything else looks delicious but I can't bring myself to order anything but the pastrami all 10 times I've been there because it is that GREAT. Best $15 ever spent.AMAZING!!!!!! Yes expensive sandwich but you can easily share it. I could only eat half. Awesome all around. I love old waitress' that have been there forever and this place is full of them! Decor hasn't changed in years! It's in a bad area. It's crazy it used to be a nice area, but I'm happy this place is still in the same location keeping LA alive when it was a nice city.I stayed away from Langers since the surrounding area has unfortunately deteriorated over the years.  Once I heard they have their own guarded free parking lot close by I finally went and it was a great decision.  I used to wait until I made a trip to NYC so I couild get a good pastrami sandwich at Katz's deli but I like Langer's even better than Katz's.  Both have moist flavorful handcut thick pastrami but Langer's fresh made rye bread is much better. Soft center with a nice crunchy crust.  Their sanwich is also larger and more affordable than Katz's, Stage or Carnegie Delis.  Servce is better at Langer's and you are not processed and shoehorned ionto small tables and uncomfortable seats like Katz's or the other NYC famous delis.  I will concede Katz's pickles are better - sour and half sour.  L.A. is full of thinly cut pastrami either served cold stacked high in other delis' sandwiches or cut thin and simmering in au jus awaiting to piled onto a roll but Langers is the only place I know in the city that hand cuts nice thick juicy slices.Best Pastrami Sandwich in LA. Wish they were open longer hoursBest pastrami HANDS DOWN!! Need i say more?I'm not SUPER into pastrami.  I mean... I like it, but I've never loved it.  But this pastrami sammie is YUMMY!!!  I really, really liked it.  I've always wanted to go to Langer's, but never had the chance until recently.  I REALLY think that the whole "if it ain't broke don't fix it" philosophy applies here  to nothing but the pastrami.  The place is a retro, sort of sticky mess.  It AIN'T pretty.  For the exorbitant prices that they charge, they can certainly afford some much-needed remodeling.  The place is a dump, and I hate eating in oooooold a** places.  I just find it sort of gross.  Maybe others find it charming, but I just... don't.  That being said, I would love getting an order to go, but I live way too far, and even if I lived close, it would probably be a hassle because of the location.  However, if you're int he neighborhood and having a craving for a sammie, go... Their fries are yummy too. ;)The NUMBER 19 pastrami sandwich is stand alone. I've never had anything else this fine place has to offer because I'm content with all I have in the 19.My coworkers and I went there today for lunch and it was fantastic.  I've never had a pastrami sandwich before and didn't plan on having one today but everyone else in my party was having one.  I ordered the #1 pastrami sandwich on a french roll with the cole slaw on the side.  It was awesome!  We shared an order of french fries as well, and it was a huge serving of crinkle-cut fries.  So delicious.  Yes, the prices are higher than normal but it was totally worth every single penny.  I can see why it's such a popular restaurant.  Would gladly recommend and will return soon!  I'm kind of disappointed that they close at 4pm because I would gladly like to pick up a pastrami sandwich on my way home at 6pm.I would give this a 4.5 only because I'm not the biggest fan of rye bread, but that shouldn't stop you from trying this placeRecently visited for my third try...considering I am an expert on NY-style deli-without question the best, moist and fresh rye bread ever! Food is consistently good although a bit overpriced...but that's not unusual for a deli!Worth a trip and if you are in the area...go...doubt you'll be disappointed!This place is really special.  I would give it 6 stars.  Only place where you can get real East Coast level pastrami in the city.  Its in a rough area, but it feels pretty safe during the day.  You can also get take out if you really don't want to spend much time there.  Everything on the menu is amazing.  Pastrami, beef brisket dip, and corn beef are out of this world.  If its your first time there, get #19 pastrami.  May be best pastrami sandwich you will ever have.  But, everything on the menu is good.Its ok. sandwiches taste good, on par with what i would call a legitimately good, but not great jewish deli in new york, and i recently moved here after years of living in the east village.knishes were surprisingly solid. a little different from nyc style, but good. problem: i come to a jewish deli where i am going to pay $12-15 for a sandwich for a freaking heap of meat. i am a big eater. still. i could have put down 3 of their pastrami sandwiches. pastrami was good though... but about 8oz short.This place has the best Pastrami sandwiches and apparently its a landmark. I didn't know this, my dad has been bringing me since my first year at USC in 2005, and the people are really really nice. Now that ive graduated and my little sister is at USC we bring her often. Its really good.I'm pretty sure that everything that can be said about this place has been said. Still, I just want to rave about their pastrami. It is heaven on rye bread! Wonderful. It's definitely a bit on the pricey side but splitting the #19 and a side usually works out pretty nicely in terms of price. Once I was really craving a pastrami sandwich and insisted on my own but then ended up in a food coma for the rest of the day, so I've learned.Pastrami sandwich is ok...i wouldn't go out of my way to come here...too pricey for a sandwich that is not all that filling or memorable.Langers is legit. The pastrami sandwich was perfect from the bread to the coleslaw to the meat.. best i ever had.. only giving it 4 stars cuz of the price. 3 of us went and each of us got the pastrami sandwich n we shared a order of fries. and it came out to almost $20 a head including the tax n tip! Nevertheless, Langers is def. worth the try.Pastrami with cole slaw and thousand island dressing.  What else makes life worth living?Langers is the best.  Forget Katz's, 2nd Ave Deli, or anything in NYC. This is it!The pastrami sandwich here was a game changer for me.  The FLAVOR AND TEXTURE OF THE MEAT WAS OFF THE CHARTS GREAT!  Tender, moist and flavorful.  The bread was really good too.  The texture was soft on the inside with a crunchy crust.  I'm not a rye bread fan, but this had a subtle flavor that I could go for over and over.  The sandwich dressing added a nice sweetness to counter (not overwhelm, but enhance) the savory, subtle spiciness of the meat.  Thanks to a great friend who took me here, I have experienced a truly fantastic sandwich, pastrami or otherwise.So a friend of mine lives in LA.    Funny place for a nerd without a car to live, but that's where he grew up, and for some reason, he's willing to move back.    So last time I visited him, I didn't rent a car like I normally do (he's walking distance to LAX,  and mostly we just hang out at his place and work on stuff, so it's a choice.)  So, he tells me we are getting Pastrami, and that this will take some time, as we will be using public transit.  Apparently there was some work being done on the train tracks, so we ended up spending a total of 6 hours on the train and on the bus.     It was quite an experience; Los Angeles is quite different from the bay area;  you still have the homeless, but instead of just begging you for change like in SF, in LA, they aggressively busk  or try to sell you pop or bottled water.   It's interesting, and in my mind, a step up from the "spare change?"  you get in SF.  We finally got there, and  I got the #19, because, well, that's what they are famous for.  When you go to someone who is an expert at a particular thing, you don't tell them to change the recipe, you get what they say is good.   It was good, but when we got home, I said "that sandwich was pretty good, but I don't know if it was six hours on public transit worth of good."  Fast forward two months.   I'm back at my home in silicon valley, and I have a powerful hankering for pastrami.    This is now my default meat when I get deli meat at the grocery store for myself. Obviously, it's not close.  I mean, it's good, but it doesn't satisfy my /need/, you know?   I get a Reuben  from the local "Eric's deli cafe"  and it's a good sandwich, but it's not in the same league  as Langer's.  It might as well be a completely different kind of meat.     I go to "Harry's Hofbrau"  and again, it's good stuff, but really more like thick-sliced beef roast than pastrami.     It does nothing to curb my hunger for pastrami.  I seem to have this obsession now with finding pastrami.   I don't know what it is, but I have this great need now for pastrami.   And nothing in this area even comes close.   I only found out tonight that Langer's  has a service where they'll fedex overnight you pastrami, and I'm disappointed because they won't ship until Tuesday.  So my friend is visiting me this weekend.   I'm arranging for him to bring me some Langer's pastrami on the air plane.   We'll see if it gets past the TSA.     If it doesn't, well, I will be ordering pastrami via the internet.Coming from NYC, I never would have thought LA would or could have the perfect pastrami sandwich but I was very wrong. It doesn't get any better than this. The rye bread is the perfect bookends for this tasty concoction. I am a purist so a nice full swipe of dark deli mustard, hand cut pastrami and their double baked rye bread is as perfect as it's going to get! It's a good thing, I don't live in LA or I'd be there at least once a week. Looking forward to going back.Sandwiches are awsome. The quality of protein and flavors of the ingredients are top of the line when it comes to sandwiches. Although the food is great I wish it didn't cost so much.This place is absolutely amazing!When I went there, it was for a family member's birthday celebration.We were in a group of about 18. the wait to get in was painstakingly long, but totally worth it!They accommodated us beautifully and the food was AMAZING!  I tried both the pastrami and the corned beef, both very fresh and tender.The rye bread they were served on was very delicious also.Overall, one of the best delis I have been to.#19 did not disappoint, it was worth the $15!!!  Not too big to eat like some delis - the homemade bread was perhaps the highlight.  I think I shocked my in-laws by taking them to this crappy neighborhood.  Our waiter Kevin needed a vacation.Yay, pastrami heaven!  Love this place at 2amThe #19 is the best sandwich I have ever had. Worth every penny and worth the trip.Pastrami was fine, a bit overpriced sandwiches.OMG, if you want good Pastrami in LA then Langer's is your #1 choice, there is no better alternative!BEST PASTRAMI YOU WILL FIND. Canters, The Hat, Jerry's Deli, and all other greasy spoons that serve pastrami could only hope their pastrami tasted this good. Get the #19 and you will not be disappointed.WOW! Today was my first time trying Langer's and I am hooked. I tried the #19 Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Cole Slaw, & Russian style dressing. I liked it so much I had to tell everyone! So, I made a Yelp account. This is my first review!! :) I can't wait to go back and try the pastrami with cream cheese!It was ok. Party of four and I was the only one pissed. They all loved it.  Great service.  Food came out fast and hot.  InNout quick!! May try it again just in case I missed somethingThe #19 is fantastic.  My friend took me to this place and said I promise you will love it.  It's an old place that has been there since the beginning of time.  The place was packed, and as I walked passed peoples table as we were being seated, I took notice of the fact that everyone was eating the same thing - the #19.  It is apparently their signature sandwich and what makes it so special is the bread.  the bread is very soft in the middle, yet slightly crispy  on the edges (I think they call it twice baked bread).  Then they put this creamy coleslaw on it, oh man it was good!!!  Wish they had one in my neighborhood.Damn, that #19 delivered. The pastrami was thick, slaw was crisp and light and the rye was soft but crispy.  My side of russian dressing was easily transformed into thousand island with a big shot of ketchup. The area blows, but once you're inside you feel like you've been teleported through time and space. Get it checked off your list.Best French Dip I've ever had. And it's situated on the picturesque Alvarado St. Sarcasm. Okay, so it happens to be on the most hideous boulevard in the entire history of North America, but the au jus makes up for it.I've had the #19 and I agree with many that this is the best pastrami sandwich, period.  I've tried many, hoping to get something remotely as good as Langer's but they all have failed. There are many places that pile it on really high to get the wow factor but it all comes down to flavor and there's no contest.The best PASTRAMI anywhere!!!!!   The #19 is the sandwich to get, everyrthing else I have had there is great as well but I end up going back to the 19.  I have never had bad service and I even think some of the servers have been there since it opened...  The portions are HUGE more than enough to share if you are not a big eater.  I can't say enough about this place, it's one of those out of the way places you have to try!  If you are not from the Downtown area or if you do not visit this area very much you may feel a bit intiminated, however I have never had any problems in this neighborhood and I have always been able to park in the Langers lot across the street.5 Stars : for the food. We ordered the #19, pastrami sandwich and the #88, reuben. Both very good. Really soft, fresh rye bread and good quality meat. The fries was also freshly fried and very good* BUT *2 Stars: for the price. At $15 for each sandwich, which includes sandwich ONLY, with a pickle on the side, it is quite a fortune to fork out for a sandwich.For 2 sandwiches, a small order of fries and a soda, that's $40+ for lunch. Definitely good food, but most likely not returning. This was a one time deal, just to say that we had Langers.Well after leaving my review I just had to go back and try the famous #19 even though I don't really even like Russian dressing & coleslaw and it was amazing.  I stopped there and picked up a loaf of their Russian rye bread, five pounds of their pastrami, a jar of their garlic & dill pickles, a pint of their Russian dressing and a quart of their coleslaw.  As for the Swiss cheese I had some at home, well all of that makes ten sandwiches with half a dill pickle on the side.  Such a flavor and what a great taste I am still wanting to try the "CHEESE BLINTZES (3) with Sour Cream and Jelly" & the "POTATO PANCAKES Apple Sauce and Sour Cream" just to see if they are Better than Mom used to make.I am speechless... I was skeptical of "cole slaw" on a pastrami but holy sh#! ... Best pastrami ever.Not a special place, so sorry.  The food is way overpriced and just ok.  Actually I think they are skimpy at best, I will never ever go again.  Plus the location and parking are horrible.I can't remember a time when Langer's was not part of my life. Even when I was 5 or 6 years old and hated the taste of pastrami (oh, picky children), I would still come here with my mom and order some of their hearty soups or their turkey sandwiches. Now, however, Langer's is my go-to spot when I'm craving the ultimate pastrami sammy. You can't go wrong with any of their combinations, but my particular favories include the #10, #19, and their simple Hot Pastrami on Rye with a side of Russian dressing. So moist, tender, and just perfectly fatty. This is the real deal! Even their rye bread is soft on the inside and perfectly chewy on the crust. An order of their crinkle cut fries are a must. Dropped in this weekend for a visit and was looked after by the marvelous Eveline. She's been working there for forever and is just about the sweetest waitress you'll ever have. Don't let the line out the door discourage you, it passes quickly. And if you're like me, you'll head over earlier and have no wait at all!i like langer's.. it was my first time having pastrami.. so i don't know what to compare to but it was definately a good first experience.. i got the 19.. which is the most popular sandwich. pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, and russian dressing on rye bread.. haha the bread is SOO soft in the middle and crunchy on the crust.. it goes really well w/ the gooeyness of the rest of the sandwich. it was really tasty.. and there's mustard for you to add to the sandwich but it is definately not needed.. servicewise.. we had three different waiters try to take our order.. so i thought that was kind of disorganized.. but only one of them seemed nice and patient and he ended up helping us out.. ALSO the butcher was really nice.. i was only asking what these one pastries were.. and he gave me one to try for free.. i'd come back if it were .. closer.. and less expensive.. i don't know if 14 dollars for a sandwich is worth itedit: SO. since my visit to langer's i have tried some other pastrami sandwiches that were supposed to be good.. but because langer's was my first.. I COULD NOT. enjoy the other ones.. langer's was just so good.. the others didn't live up.. therefore.. i am changing my rating from a four to a five.. because that pastrami sandwich was AS GOOD AS IT GETS44 years of Deprivation and Ignorance.  I've gone 44 years of my lifetime before I had a Langers #19 Hot Pastrami on Rye with coleslaw, russian dressing and swiss cheese.  My fellow yelpers..this is the nirvana of pastrami sandwiches.  My fellow foodie and bud Jaime went here for lunch and we shared the #19 and a beef brisket dip sandwich.  We started with the brisket which imho is better than the double dipped beef or pork sandwich at Phillipes.  We then started out on our pastrami sandwich. I bit into that delicious bigger than my mouth sandwich and the clouds parted and horns trumpeted and the angels sang out "welcome to heaven"  Okay, so I'm being overly dramatic and blowing this out of proportion but this is one helluva sandwich.  Try it if you can get there before they close (I think it's around 3 PM they close)  You won't regret it.  My only gripe was that the place is pricey.  2 of us...2 sandwiches, 1 large order of fries, 2 cokes =$42 including tip.  Not a place I'd go to regularly but I can't recall a sandwich that was this good. Tam O Shanter/Lawry's Carvery, step aside.  Phillipes, make room.  Jerry's who?  Go, you will not regret.The #19 is next levelthe BEST!!!  Absolutely the best!!!  Everyone else has said it all and there is nothing more that I could possibly add.dayumm this place is good. my gf got the pastrami sandwich with coleslaw that was the most popular nd it was pretty dam tasty. i got the pastrami dip sandwich i liked mine a lot better.  the first bite i took of each sandwich i thought it was wutevers but as i kept eatin the food kept gettin better nd better plus they gave a lot of real tasty pickles haha. the only thing i dnt like about this place is the crust on the bread its all hard nd got in the way of my eatin.  nd i dnt kno that there was a line to get inside cuz i entered from the wrong side nd they seated me right away. i dnt see the line until i finished eatin nd was paying at the front haha ooops! but the service is real quick nd they r realli nice!number 19 extra lean and a drink please!!!!!!!!!!!!I came here for the first time two weeks ago with my friend and my gf. I've been hearing and reading how Langer's has the best pastrami in the US. I had no prior bias/preference to pastrami so i was ready to eat and judge in a nonpartisan manner. ordered the "usual" or #14, which is pastrami, coleslaw, russian dressing (thousand island), on rye bread. i also ordered saurekraut on the side. i have to say i was more impressed with the rye bread than the pastrami. the bread was crispy on the inside and nice and soft towards the center of the sandwich. i looked at the sandwich and i thought, "how ami  going to get full off of this?" i couldn't finish it. The pastrami had lots of pieces of fat on it. It was very well seasoned but i just can't eat the amount of fat that i used to. if they had half sandwiches i would love it.  if you haven't tried langer's i urge you to try it. Just don't eat it everyday, it'll give you cholesterol problemshands down the best pastrami i've had! i worked a few blocks from here and would make the extra trek to eat here for lunch. i've eaten at canters, art's, and a plethora of other deli's and nothing compares.Look, I'm getting married in less than a month and I gotta look good in that wedding dress. I'm also needing to save every penny so I can afford said wedding. But there I was, savoring my #19 with both hands, washing it down with their cream soda, not even talking because I just want to be alone with my sandwich. Even though after I finished the first half I was feeling kinda full, I knew that there was no such thing as taking home the second half. That second half of goodness must be enjoyed now while it's at its perfection. Every scrap of pastrami that falls onto the plate and even on the table surface must be consumed. This is not the time or place to fear the establishment's sanitary habits. Even though my gut is busting, I enjoy my very last bite of the best sandwich I have ever had. I don't even mind that both hands are so greasy it feels like I've just put on some body oil. I think nothing about paying almost $20 for my lunch that consisted of a sandwich, a pickle, and a drink. It was totally worth it.decided to skip the fabled #19 and went with the pastrami dip instead ( i'm not a big fan of 'slaw) and boy, was i in for a treat! the pastrami was flavorful, lean and perfectly sliced and the au jus was out of this world! the service was quick and friendly as well. since parking is a b*tch in this area, be sure to phone ahead and ask for curbside delivery. the prices are somewhat spendy, but you get what you pay for.its always with some trepidation that i visit the iconic LA restaurants. i wasn't sure what to expect but the pastrami sandwhich here is by far the best i've ever had. i'd recommend splitting the sandwhich with a friend. maybe a light lunch before a heavier dinner? that way u pay $8 instead of $16 by urself. i almost want to deduct a star for the kinda snappy service we got but nah.. not worth it. that will be all.Was visiting southern CA last week, and this has been on my bucket list to try. I've been to Katz deli in NY many times, and to me this is the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. People say you can't get a good pastrami sandwich on the West coast, but now I know that's not true. The pastrami sandwich here is just as good as Katz and I might even give the nod to Langers. The pastrami is thick cut (like Katz), melt in your mouth tender and the rye bread here is even better than Katz as it has this awesome crunchy crust.Buy a hal pound of Pastrami to go. Get couple packs of mustard. Go down street and get fresh roll at your local Panderia for 25 cents. Mustard BOTH sides.! Add meat. Living Large. Ahh! Just one of many ways to appreciate and experience the BEST DELI in the USA.One of the biggest debates in food is, "Who has the best pastrami?" While most people might think of the origins of delis and think of New York and say Katz Deli, the answer is right here in LA at Langer's.  The reason being? You won't find pastrami more tender than this. It's the only good place in the nation that steams their pastrami as opposed to smoking it like everyone else.  Both are good options, and while smoking makes it last longer (Katz sells their meats that you can then ship as gifts), it detracts from the natural flavors of meat and spices which is ultimately what pastrami is all about.  But if you're in the East Coast around NYC, there is no better place than Katz.  That said, I repeat, Langer's is still the best.  Sorry New York, at least you guys still have pizza.When you look at the area Langer's sits at, it'll seem very sketch, especially when you're right by MacArthur Park.  That's alright though, I'd invite you to check out other deli's in NYC or LA and not see the same environment.  Once you walk in, it's got that classic simple deli atmosphere and decor that makes you feel like you've gone back in time to the 70s.As far as the food goes, I can't say much about the other stuff on their menu which I'm sure is great, but my first experience here was with a friend who suggested the Langer's #19.  This sandwich will change your life.  The combination of rye bread, cole slaw, Russian dressing, and thick slabs of pastrami is heavenly and amazingly tender.  The pastrami is so tender, it has to be cut in thick slabs with a knife rather than shaved otherwise it would just fall about . This is how it's supposed to be done.   The pastrami comes out strong and bold, but is tempered by the tartness of the coleslaw and the savory flavors are balanced by the sweetness of the Russian dressing.  It's pretty pricey for just the sandwich ($15 + tax), but it''s well worth it, and you do get what you pay for.  I usually order one of those sandwiches to cover for lunch and dinner.  For what it's worth, it'll continue being my favorite place for pastrami, but I won't be going everyday lest I become too familiar with it to the point of disenchantment.Food: 5Service: 5Price: 4Over priced,it's not what it's hyped up to be. If you want more bang for your buck go to Pasadena sandwich company,you'll get your money's worth and be completely satisfied. Service was o.k.the pastrami was o.k I really liked the cream soda that was great.tried thus place once..will I go back no.So I wanted to find a staple Jewish deli to frequent, because, well you know, everyone needs one of those. A friend of mine suggested Langer's. What's a better staple than a restaurant that has been in the Westlake neighborhood through it's ups and downs for something like a million years, more or less. I think it was the birth of Jesus, and then Langer's, and then WWII. And some other stuff in between.The area may not be the best (it's slowly getting there though!!); however, I do admire that Langer's has retained it's integrity and historical restaurant feel, and from the look of it, apparently waitresses too. The famous pastrami sandwich and motza ball soup are pretty good, but I wouldn't say they were the best I've had.  I really don't see much difference between Langer's and Canter's on Fairfax, except that Langer's costs an arm and a leg more for what you get. I can't blame the place for hiking their prices considering those suited-up business people from Downtown seem tor frequent the place, but for us economical folk, I'd rather spend my money--and less of it--at Canter's. If they would lower the prices to reflect the food they serve, I'd give it another star.succulent corned beef, well seasoned pastrami, double baked bread, sweetened coleslaw... excellent combination.  the #18 is my preferred choice... but isn't it just about everyone's?!I love pastrami!!! At least I thought I did. But after my first visit to Langers I realized quickly that I had never truly experienced pastrami. After reading/studying tons of reviews and my fellow Yelpers Ciara G. and Mike P. Dropping science on me and schoolin' me to the game I headed to the legendary L.A. landmark deli known as Langers to try their highly touted and infamous #19(Pastrami on rye w/ coleslaw & Russian dressing). Everything is made in house(and you can tell!!!). The rye bread was fresh as could be and the crust was delicious and had a perfect crusty crunchy texture, the coleslaw(I normally turn 180 degrees and run from anything w/ mayo and or creamy) was crisp and loaded w/ flavor, the pastrami(cured and seasoned as corned beef then slow smoked for freshness and tantalizing taste and flavor, then covered w/ choice and costly spices, then hand cut) is ALL THE WAY OFF THE DAMN CHAIN!!! The Russian dressing(remember what I said earlier about my hatred for mayo and creamy stuff) was absolutely the perfect compliment to this artistry on a plate. Served w/ pickle spears made in house too(Slammin'!!!). As if this meal couldn't get any better ESPN 710 was broadcasting Max&Marcellus live. They both took a picture w/ me. I got a free t-shirt for ordering the #19, and both me and my friend won $25 gift certificates from ESPN 710 for Langers. Could it get any better!!??? The sandwich alone would have lured me back but the great service,gift certificate, and unbelievable experience left me totally anxious to return. I cannot wait to go back!!!best pastrami in my opinion.  not your typical thin sliced pastrami that you may be used to.  my pastrami was served with a pile of cole slaw on top in between two slices of rye bread.  only reason why i didnt give langers 5 stars is because the rye bread crust was ridiculous hard.  it made the roof of my mouth raw.  the feeling is identical to the feeling i get when eating a sandwich from lee's sandwiches.i'm not a good judge of a good jewish deli being that i've only been to a few in my life, but my boyfriend is a jewish deli expert (being that he's a jew...haha) and he said that this place was pretty good. i mean on taste alone, i liked it. i had matzo ball soup and a rueben. other than the price, i couldn't complain ($11 for a sandwich!). i'd go back again for sure. it's a weird spot for a jewish deli but who cares. at least the street parking is cheap.The Number 19 Sandwich at Langer's changed my life, literally.  Before I had a Langer's sandwich, I hadn't visited Los Angeles in over 10 years.  Since I met the Number 19, I have gone to LA every few months:  there is always the "official" excuse of going to a comedy show or to see a band, but really, it is always to visit Langer's.  The Number 19 is pastrami with cole slaw and swiss on rye, which you can get toasted or not.  While the creamy cole slaw and the soft, flavorful sliced rye are to be commended, the magic lies in the Langer's hand-cut pastrami.  It's sliced a bit thicker than most, and is not ultra-lean like some geared to today's diet-conscious (ha!) society.  The meat is so very tender and has all the flavor a piece of meat can muster because they don't shy away from a little--here comes the F word--fat in the meat.  Over the years, the neighborhood around Langer's has changed quite a bit but people still flock to this eatery and its solid Jewish deli fare.  The servers are always very kind and sweet.  I don't know whether to lament that Langer's is 6 hours away, or be glad that I'm not as big as a house from eating too many pastrami sandwiches.To begin i dont like pastrami, i would never order it on a menu.  However one day i was watching Best Thing I Ever Ate, and this sandwich was featured on the program.  My mouth was instantly watering.  I was so glad I had a trip to LA coming up, so i added it to my itinerary.  We went to Langers for lunch before going to The Dodger vs Yankees Game, and it was cool because there were so many people wearing Dodgers swag.  The #19 - PASTRAMI, SWISS CHEESE and COLE SLAW Russian Style Dressing $14.45, is a tad expensive considering there are no sides but it is filling on its own.  I would recommend sharing it as well, with an order of crinkle cut fries on the side.  The bread isnt toasted but it is twice baked, so the crust is crunchy but the inside is so fluffy.  The combination of the toppings really lets the flavour of the meat shine.  Langers is clearly a Los Angeles institution and will convert any one into a pastrami lover.What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Parking is easy - make sure to park in Langer's designate lot one block over.  My mom and I arrived a little before lunch and were seated right away... but just a few minutes later all the tables around us completely filled up.  Good timing on our part.  I had the corned beef and sauerkraut on rye.  Huge, delicious, amazing.  Mom had the pastrami / corned beef combo.  She's a New Englander and loves her deli meats and totally fell in love with with her sandwich.  She even ordered an additional half pound of meat to take home with her on the airplane... now that she lives in Texas, sometimes a good sandwich is hard to come by.  I had the potato salad on the side, Mom had the cole slaw - both were fantastic.  Our waitress was incredibly helpful in making suggestions and answering questions.  Overall, a fabulous experience.  Its a good thing Langer's isn't closer for either of us - we'd probably have our own designated booth by now.hot damn, the pastrami here is DELICIOUS! definitely in my top two, following just behind katz. i ordered the #19 to split with my bf for a late lunch as well as the matzo ball soup, pickles and sauerkraut. i agree with the reviews that it's a bit pricey (they charged for the side of pickles and sauerkraut on top of the $14 sammich and soup), but it is pretty freaking satisfying. the only thing i would change is to swap in the sauerkraut for the coleslaw, as the coleslaw added a sweet tinge to the pastrami that i wasn't a fan of. but the meat still won me over, and it was the worth the line!Holy #19, Batman! Having lived and dined in LA for my entire life I am embarrassed to say I have never dined at Langer's until I recently started working near the area. Wary of pastrami after a few bad experiences (ahem, Togo's and Carl's Jr, pastrami burger), blushing with embarassment) I found heaven on 7th (and Alvarado). The #19 was to die...and I normally steer clear of rye bread. Devoured the mofo in the loading zone across the street, along with a potato knish, mac salad (creamy and fabulous), and chicken noodle soup ( heavy on the noodles, light on the chicken).  Before taking the pastrami plunge, I would opt for the #89 (swiss, bacon, and tomato) and have never been disappointed. While somewhat pricey, it's well worth the pocket plunge. Topping it all off is the delish pickle in the take out bag. The only prob: the wait for working folks who don't have more than 15 mins for lunch:. Call the order in, park in the loading area across the street, and enjoy!Max Kellerman's radio commercials brought me here.  It was delicious but expensive.  Seriously folks, a sandwich and fries shouldn't cost you close to $20.  The sandwich was huge, making it messy to eat.  The pastrami itself wasn't much to write about itself, but the Russian dressing that they gave me on the side made it delicious.  Still, given the price and the hassle of finding parking in the area, I have to think that there must be a better place to get my pastrami fix.#19 is great. At first I thought it was the pastrami that made it so delicious. Then I thought it was the russian dressing on rye. Everything in the sandwich just blends well together to make a great sandwich. I just hate the location and the bill was $20 per.I'm gonna have to go with my dad, Andrew C. on this one and say this is THE BEST deli in the world! (Yes, we double teamed this one.) I'm originally from CA but I've lived in New York for the past three years and have yet to find a corned beef sandwich that compares to a Langer's #55 (corned beef, cole slaw, russian dressing on rye). I'm sure NYers everywhere are getting ready to throw down, but honestly Langer's is incredible. The food, the atmosphere, the staff - such a special establishment. Langer's, I love you for your rye bread - crunchy crust, but a delectably soft inside. The corned beef is the most tender, juicy and flavorful I've ever had, and the ratio of meat to cole slaw and Russian dressing is simply perfection. I've told my friends and family, from LA to NY - you really can't beat Langer's. It's incredible, it's one of a kind and I miss it every day. Crap, just drooled on my computer.so far all i can say for the pastrami capital of the world.....langers rules....crappy parky..shady neighborhood..but the best dang pastrami, besides katz nyc............FINALLY got a chance to get down here and try this world famous sammich, the #19. Its what a pastrami sammich should be, thick slices of meat with some great dressing and on two great pieces of rye bread,  one was big enough to fill me up, the only downside is the price, $14.95? WTF? Imma have to set up a payment plan.When I moved back from New York, my heart was broken because I would be leaving behind my beloved pastrami sandwiches from Katz deli.  Their pastrami was so tender it melts in your mouth and piled so high that you would dislocate your jaw if you tried to bit into it.  But then I discoverd Langer's and I feel somewhat whole again.  Although the pastrami isn't piled as high here, it's still tender and tasty.  Parking is convienent and the service was great.  Big ups to Evelyn for being the sweetest waitress I've ever encountered!!An LA institution. You can't go wrong with the corned beef sandwich.I went and parked in the assigned lot, and the guy with a yellow langer's shirt was standing there, so i'm like trying to remember my highschool spanish and go "cuanto cuesta for Langer's" and he's like "Lanjers? Free for one hour." - Score. After reading so many previous reviews I'm anticipating the number 19, but want to try something else too so i split with my friend. The weird but awesome part about the 19, besides the juicy pastrami is the coleslaw - in the sandwich. So at first I'm like, is this really the one everyone's singing about? so we get the 19 and 10, (10 is the 19 without coleslaw and more meat). Well, they were right. the number 10 is a little too... oily / greasy ( ) because all the meat and cheese and the russian sauce, while the coleslaw in the 19 gives more balance. The pickles help with that oily-ness too, but i felt a little naucious after eating half of the 10. Definitely pricey for a sandwich at anytime of the day, but a one of a kind treat.#19 Pastrami w/ swiss is the way to go. Heard a lot about this place and tried it the first time and LOVED IT!! Won't give it all five stars due to the sub par service but food was excellent. There is a parking lot on the next block and validates as well.Best pastrami.  Even New Yorkers can't hate.As I like pastrami sandwiches, I was eager to try the famous Langer's pastrami sandwich.  Well to say, I was very disappointed with pastrami sandwich. It was very dry and not too much taste to pastrami meat. Also portions are pretty small for amounts being charged.it's the phillipe's of pastrami!  absolutely delish!the pastrami is so thick and tender, you'd swear it was born as a  sandwichThe best pastrami I have ever had.  Better than any pastrami sandwich I have had in New York City or New Jersey or Togo's (last one was sarcastic, but they tasted pretty good back in high school...)Quick story of how I found this place.  I had a trip to L.A. planned for the end of December, and the night before the trip I logged onto yelp for food ideas.  I had a message in my inbox (not usual for a friendless yelper with a handful of reviews)... it was some dude named Theodore from San Francisco who called himself the Pastrami King.  So what does the self-proclaimed "Pastrami King" tell me?  I am the Pastrami King, I can eat anything!  Well, no he didn't say that.  He did tell me that I was right about Canter's on Fairfax being a kick-ass restaurant on all levels, but that there was a place in a shady neighborhood south and east of there that made even better Pastrami.  And that place is called Langer's.  I got the address and directions, and we planned on hitting Langer's and Canter's on our SoCal jaunt.  We had Canter's on the Sunday we arrived and it was as fantastic as always.  Then on the way back out of town on Wednesday we stopped into Langer's (and prayed my car full of baggage would still be there when we were finished).  The Pastrami King was right about the neighborhood... not the worst place to be in L.A., but I wouldn't be coming here at night (probably why they're open only until 4 pm).  We got Matzo Ball soup and a Pastrami with Cole Slaw and 1000 Island at both restaurants.  I would give Canter's the slight edge on Rye bread, Matzo ball soup, and ambience (and bakery of course), but the King was right... Langer's has the best Pastrami I've ever had.  Price is about the same as Canter's, which is insanely high, but it's what I expected and for the price I still leave feeling like I had a special experience you can't get in most restaurants.  If you come expecting to pay 12 bucks for a legendary sandwich, you will not leave disappointed.  If you feel better paying 9 bucks for an inferior sandwich because it costs less, then you don't want to come here.Number 19.  That first bite was seriously heaven.  The last bite was a little bit of hell.  The sandwich was over and I still had to walk home in the 100 degree heat, leaving the friendly service, the bites of pickle and my sanity at the air-conditioned door.  At the end of the meal, I told myself that it was just too much flavor, too much fat, too much love.  I wouldn't be able to go back for months, not like Phillipe's where you finish the sandwich and still have room for pie.  But now it's nighttime and I'm already dreaming about how that pastrami felt on my tongue.  Wow.  Thank god it's just down the street.Incredible deli in Los Angeles. Well worth the wait. Slightly over priced for a lunch in my opinion but I guess its okay when you are paying for a top quality pastrami sandwich.I heard on tv today that they are having a 65 th anniversary and they are giving free pastrami sandwich for the occasion until 9pm. I guess it is a custom in LA to have such an event. I remember recently Canter's of West Hollywood did the same.In comparison with the latter I arrived to the deli at 8:30pm and the line was not long to my surprise. I heard so much in the media of this deli that I finally had a chance to try it though I must admit their menu is overpriced comparing with the same in LA area.When I asked to get in line the people in charge /with their badges of Langer's on/ told me that the line was closed since they are tired and don't want to work till late.I said I'd heard in the news that the giveaway is till 9pm it didn't help. When I asked to go in and buy one I was followed by one of employee to make sure that I pay for the sandwich not to "cheat". I told him that I didn't appreciate him following me around while I'm waiting at the counter. "If you behave like this I'll escort you out!", he shouted at me. I said that it wouldn't be necessary and I just left.If the quality of the sandwich is good as their service I believe that it is undoubtedly unworthy going to this overrated place. I believe it is only a marketing stunt the same as with The Pink's hot dog in Hollywood.the roast beef & pastrami was catered to our work one time.. and all i can say is WOWZERS. it's a heavy meal... but the meat is sooo good, goes well with the rye bread & mustard.. oh yesTook the Metro from North Hollywood with plans to luncheon at Langer's, get a dip from Scoops and make a 4 o'clock movie at the ArcLight.  We arrive at 12:38at Langer's and there is a line out of the door.  The line moves rather quickly and we are able to commiserate with our fellow pastrami lovers in line.  We were seated and both ordered a #19 and a small order of fries.  In previous reviews I have mentioned that I am a big eater but this was one sandwich you could and should easily split.  The small order of fries was also plenty for two.  The combination of the well-seasoned pastrami, bold big-eye Swiss, very light Russian dressing, perfectly dressed cole-slaw and  the most delicious soft, heavily seeded rye bread is a winning combination that makes the #19 their most popular sandwich.  I am not certain what the parking situation is like which is why we took the train.  Can't wait to go back....wish I had skipped Avatar at the ArcLight but that is another review altogether...I came here on their anniversary when they were giving the No.19 away for free.  The sandwich itself is actually quite tasty.  I'd give it 4 stars.  BUT, if i had to pay for it, $17 is just waaaay too much for a pastrami sandwich.We were in the area and found this place on yelp and thought why not?  If not for yelp, I would never be in this part of LA.  And here it begins, parking is up the street from the restaurant and is a small lot with free validated parking from Langers.  Once we arrived inside, the staff was very cheerful and seated us quickly.  I have to say the wait staff and everyone working here is A+.  The interior and exterior has that really cool nostalgic vibe as if it stood still in time.  We both ordered #19 and it does not disappoint.  The bread outter crust is a bit crispy while the inner parts of the rye bread is aromatic and soft.  The cole slaw within the sandwich is crispy and it complements the super tender pastrami.  I've never had pastrami like this ever.  It almost seemed like rib eye!  usually pastrami is thin and dry, but the pastrami here is soooo soft, moist and juicy.  I've had pastrami in manhattan and this blows all if it out the door.  It is a bit on the pricier side for a sandwich but its totally worth it!  This is a highly recommended place!i wish i could go back everyday for lunch. the pastrami is soooo good. so simple but so damn good. the bread was delicious and a perfect compliment to the the pastrami, swiss, slaw and russion dressing. the pastrami slices are so tender, thick slices, flavorful. i plan on visiting katz's in ny to compare the two. but this will no doubt be one of my first stops when i'm back in LA. there's a pretty long line most of the time, but they serve you quickly/yes pls.. give me the #19last meal on earth would be a tough choice between langer's and peter luger's. i imagine angels eating langers, peter luger's actually not so much, too many sharp utensils involved. it is so good, i think it can transcend dimensions, angels would import the stuff.yes, the history and location are what make it a charming deli, but it was seriously way too hyped up for me. the quality of the ingredients were fresh but all of the veggies were flavorless to me. the rye bread is good but not amazing, and borderline overwhelming. the service is fantastic and this place is always packed so it clearly provides a service to the community, can't hate on that. if this place were cheaper, i would give it 4-5 stars. but since i can't justify paying $15 for something that i wouldn't go out of my way for, it gets 3. i have a feeling that this place gets 5 star reviews based on the pastrami meat alone (which says a lot), but i am rating the entire restaurant and that includes cost-benefit. definitely an LA staple though. i would go here again if friends really wanted to go.to die for.  period.went this afternoon with a good friend....the #19 was just what i needed after a trying week. perfect!i love the cream cheese and jelly sandwich... the sweetness on the rye bread is a little weird at first, but it just makes it extra special. this place is a los angeles gem.this place is good. in going through the reviews, i have noticed people arguing about which deli has the best this and that. truthfully all these delis (canter's, brent's, langers) are at such a high level as far as delis are concerned, that it would take an extremely nitpicky approach to determine which one is better. so i just say that langer's is good. its really good. get the #19 and chow down and be merry.the pastrami sandwich here is...... dare i say it................it's  better than Katz! eek.Okay. I've been to Katz in NYC and had their famous pastrami.  Time to try Langers.  It's in a "crowded" part of town and parking is sparse, but Langers has a parking lot on the NE corner of 7th and Westlake.  It's just 1 block from Langers.  The parking is free for 1 hour. Plenty of time to eat.  We decided to split the regular pastrami and the top seller #19 Pastrami which has cole slaw, russian dressing and swiss cheese.  The star of the show is the meat.  It's sliced just as thick as Katz, but Katz's pastrami had a little more smokeyness to it.  Probably spends more time in the smoker. Katz also gives a little more meat, but Katz is also $2 more expensive, so you're paying for it.  The co-star of the Langers show is the rye bread.  They do what's called "re-bake".  They get the loaves of rye from their vendor and they re-bake it in the Langers ovens to give it that little extra crisp on the crust.  What a difference that makes.  It's night and day.  It's like Katz is using Costco rye bread whereas Langers is soft and crusty.  The service at Langers is also really good.  The waitress and busboys kept the waters and coffee filled.  All the fixings of a NY Deli without the NY attitude.wow, i didn't know a pastrami sandwich could taste like this...thank you langer's for educating me.  the secret is in its cole slaw combination.I can't help but to compare Langer's to Katz's Deli in NYC.  I've been looking for good Pastrami in California for awhile now, and I've finally found it.  While I would rate their Pastrami itself slightly below the quality of Katz's, the amazing dense Rye bread they use is simply amazing.  And the Pastrami is still much better than anything else I've found on the West Coast.Hands down the BEST Pastrami on Rye I've ever had. Better than Jerry's, Canters, Factors, Juniors, Johnnies, and The Hat! Thick, tender slices of warm pastrami, stacked high (but not too high) on rye bread that was ohhh soo soft in the middle and amazingly crunchy on the outside. At first I thought I could only eat  of the sandwich, then as I bit into the second half I was thinking how am I going to finish this? Bite by bite I managed to devour every tender morsel of meat until it was all gone! The chicken soup on the other hand gets a thumb down. How can you make chicken soup with and put no chicken inside? It should be called chicken flavored noodle soup. Shame on you Langers for taking $2.75 from me and in return giving me a cup of chicken flavored water with noodles floating inside. The only other downside is that if you go solo the tables for one are right up next to tables for two or more. So you are practically sitting with the people next to you hearing every word of their conversation. I asked if I could sit in a booth near the window but even though it was after the lunch rush I was told that is for parties of 2 or more.  They also close too early at 4pm and are not open sundays which is also a downside! I could eat one of these babys at all hours of the night!Not everything is gold at Langers, but it doesn't need to be as long as you have the pastrami.  Dealing with the sketchy neighborhood isn't ideal, but the reward for your trouble is definitely worth it!Wow, again I say wow!  The #19 is so good that I cant imagine ever going in here and getting anything else.  I took my 2 kids last week to get their opinion and both a 16 year old girl and a 13 year old boy proclaimed that it was the best sandwich they have ever had.  Run dont walk to this legend in LA.  Yes a man was being arrested out in front but thats par for the course in this neighborhood.  Enjoy!Tripping down to SoCal to escape the NorCal winter was a great idea.  An even better and more tripworthy idea was having a mission to compare Canter's and Langer's pastrami sandwiches.  We leave Sacto with the goal of having Langer's for lunch at high noon.  We arrive and park our rental car at the attended lot around the corner, wait briefly outside in the well organized line, seated promptly after about a 15 minute wait during the weekday lunch rush.  Our very seasoned server takes our order, delivers the Diet Cokes and about 7 minutes after that brings the moist, midly season, hand carved pastrami brisket sandwich on rye bread with sides of Russian dressing to our booth.  My dining partner orders a side of cole slaw.  WOW...juicy, tender, not salty, heavily cloved, little fatty hand carved brisket.  Nothing in Sacramento can compare. D'Lishous!  I added some mustard and nothing more. About $12.70 buys you a moment of heaven. I like being able to order the fatty pastrami, makes me feel like I'm in NY NY.  Side note: yummy slaw.  Oh my, I forgot about the pickles.  Really, really fresh, crisp, snapping pickles. The only minus are the dividers which seperate some of the diners are rather low.  If you have loud talkers on the otherside of you, which we did, it makes it a bit hard to hear your parties conversation.  Although they did order a plate of kishka with a side of gravy that looked fantastic.the best hands down. #19 babay!It's so awesome when a try a legendary place and it truly is worthy of its legendary status.  Pastrami was best ever.  nuf said.Best Jewish deli in Los Angeles. Hands down. Been going for years. Never been disappointed with the food. Converted several friends into repeat customers. Only complaint about the place is the hours. Probably just as well it's not open later (or on Sundays) because I'd be too tempted to eat it more often.What can I say? What you pay is what you get. Nice, thick-cut pieces of pastrami in the sandwich along with cole slaw. I only had this twice in my life, but I don't think there's any better. I would go here again if it were only situated closer to my area =(I tried this place because I was intrigued of the reviews I read so I brought my entire family to have dinner. To my surprise, the place is nice and the waitress was very pleasant. I ordered the #19 which one of their specialties and I love it. It was delicious and mouthwatering and my hubby like what he ordered. I also tried their cake and I don't like it but I didn't come to this place for the cake anyway. I'm sure I'll come back here to try the rest of the deli sandwich.#13 Pastrami Sandwich with coleslaw, one of the best i've had, cut of pastrami is thick and juicy, coleslaw adds a lil tang to it. If you work in downtown LA just take the Red Line from Union/7th street and get off at Westlake/Macarther. $1.25 for fare. Like everyone else I would I have to say the only con is that the sandwich will set you back about $18 including a soda and tip. $$ouch!everything they say is true. probably the best pastrami sandwich i've ever had... from canter's, katella, johnny's, victor's, to stage and carnegie, and everything in between.... yum.best corned beef n pastrami in la!  love the pickles, reubens and the curbside pickupAmazing. I don't normally like pastrami. I loved it. Try it.Langer's is uber-famous for it's pastrami, and it's definitely as good as it's hyped to be...the best pastrami in the country! Thick-cut, juicy, very little fat, but oh so much flavor! Go with the #19 (pastrami, swiss, cole slaw, and Russian dressing, on amazing rye bread) and you will be craving Langer's for the rest of your life! Great chocolate phosphates, too!I didn't even really like pastrami until I came here! Now I even crave the second-rate stuff because of this place, but I've never had any that's anywhere near as good as this. The pastrami dip is my favorite. Plus you can get a yummy baked potato on the side.I hear the Pastrami is great! Worth going from OC for a day in LA... I had one of best tuna melts I have ever tasted!... going back very soon.hyped up talk, special timed parking lot, long wait... pastrami sandwich hit the spot but only because I was hungry.  the size wasnt as big as canters but still tastyI've been listening to the radio ads on 710 ESPN for quite some time. Finally, I had to opportunity to enjoy the famous #19. If I may be so bold, I would like to say, " Langer's is to pastrami as Larwry's is to prime rib. I never thought I would describe pastrami as buttery soft, but Langer's pastrami is just that. It still holds its texture so its not mush, but it does melt in your mouth. The fat content is just right giving, which ads just the right amount of moisture that pastrami needs. The crunch from the coleslaw provides great texture contrast, and the Russian style dressing ads that little umph of flavor explosion. My compliments to the Langer family!Okay, most may not agree with me.  I know Langer's is very famous and I've read the reviews prior.  That may have raised my expectations too high.  When I went inside, the decor was of a old diner ish, they have a lot of waiters and waitresses.  I ordered the famous #19, which was kinda expensive $14 for just a sandwich.  When it came and I bite my first bit, I was let down quite a bit.  The pastrami was different, it was thicker cut and tender.  The whole sandwich, I find to be quite bland. I was hoping maybe the cole slaw would be more tangier.  For $14 a sandwich it was going to need to blow my mind or come with a side to justify the cost.Delicious pastrami sandwiches. I can't wait to try the other sandwhiches on the menu.After having gone to Kat's Deli in New York, I wanted to see if there was a place similar to Kat'z here in Los Angeles.  Somehow I stumbled upon a link to this place and was amazed to find out there was a place similar! I told a co-worker about it and he decided to go check it out.  I tagged along and sampled off his plate.  Although this place is a tad bit cheaper than Kat'z, you get what you pay for.  The few extra bucks you pay at Kat'z makes up in quality.  While you're waiting in line at Kat'z, they give you a sample of the meat you're ordering.  Also, compared to Kat'z this place definitely does not give as much meat.  The only thing I ordered was fries, my co-worker ordered the pastrami plate and a fish sandwich.  The pastrami was pretty good, but that's if you haven't tried Kat'z.  If I had to say the pastrami at Kat'z is on a scale of 10 - the pastrami here is roughly a 7/8.  Also beware of the chocolate phosphate beverage, it will mess up your stomach according to my co-worker!'nuf said.one word, #19!No pastrami anywhere can come close to Langer's pastrami. It is moist, delicious, not overly fatty. In a word, it is pastrami perfection. I decided to pick some up to take home recently. OMG, that pastrami on their rye and a side of slaw was the best meal I have had in ages. I liked that fact that a server brought it out to my car and I didn't have to deal with parking.Delicious and amazing! Always awesome food. I always wondered what dinner there would be like? The neighborhood does not matter. Katz's of West Coast. Always #19 in my heart and in my belly! lolFive stars for LA. Four stars if located in Manhattan, NYC. This is far and above the best deli in LA for the real deal meat sandwich. You pick it and don't go for something other people like. Get your deal. Your thing. It's really not overpriced for the quality. But compared other delis, it is a few bucks more. If you factor in the gas for driving there and the parking - you can get an hour free in their own lot if you know when to go, it's still worth it.  I've been to all the delis in LA. This is it for pastrami on rye or corned beef. Chopped liver is the best as well. Puts Nate N' Als to shame. You like the meat moist? Well, this is it. Many years ago, Langer told me himself. Steam tables!!Hands down the best deli in L.A. Awesome food made with love. Thank you Langer's Family and staff for working hard to keep up a tradition that makes L.A. such a great place to find outstanding food and service.Simply put the best pastrami ever. I've never had a juicy and tender Pastrami like this..almost like butter,simply a divine experience....Best pastrami I have ever tried!  Melts in your mouth!no details.... It's simply the best!Hands down the best pastrami sandwich in los angeles maybe anywhere! Classic diner ambiance with great service. You really can not beat their food.this is the place i take my friends to when they come into to town.  Cup of soup, #19 and I'm in heaven.  The best pastrami i've ever had, best sandwich great soup, i love it!AMAZING pastrami sandwiches. The Russian dressing is super rich, just the way I like it. Tip: great fast and easy curbside pickup! Just call ahead, let them know what you are driving, and before you know it they pop up right at your window!!Hands down for hand cut pastrami~ Meat is sooo tender and juicy... its a bit pricy for pastrami, but Its definitely  WORTH IT~~I don't know how anyone can give Langer's less than 4 stars, unless they don't like Pastrami. Now listen it's debatable whether or not it's the best in the world granted, but no one can argue it's not in the top 2 or 3. But beyond the pastrami, the Latkes, Knishes, Soups and Chopped Liver rival even the "New York" Deli's. Langer's is a five-star experience and a five-star meal. Enjoy!Okay this is amazing pastrami- AMAZING!great pastrami. nasty fries but who goes for the fries! at least thats what I think. Takes you back to the 1970'sBest damn pastrami sandwich you will ever have. End of story, no ifs and or buts. HOWEVER, its guna cost you, about $15 for one sandwich. $12 would be reasonable for this quality, but they know they can get away with it. Hell, if it was $20 a sandwich they still be bustling.pound for pound the best pastrami i have ever had!! pastrami world heavyweight champ!!!A Good solid deli.  Just a pain to park.still the best.  took my mom the other day, she's a deli connoisseur.  i had the usual, she had a corned beef and chopped liver and said it was possibly the best she's ever had.  i told her to get the 19 and she told me to get lost, since i wasn't raised on deli like her.  thanks for doing it right langers, you're the best.#19 sandwich (hot pastrami) and cream soda .....all you need to know.Yes. The best Pastrami I have ever had.  Worth it.  big time.Pastrami!...pastrami!!...pastrami!!....'nough said.l.a. mainstay has the best pastrami i've had so far, and i've had them all.  waitstaff is uber-friendly too.  location seems very out of place next to macarthur park, but that just adds to the whole experience.Best pastrami in LA period... I have also been to all of the "best of" places for pastrami in LA and in the Valleys but Langers is by far the greatest.Wow. Try the Brisket French Dip sandwich! It's way better than Phillipes and Coles. We wanted something different than the usual but fantastic #19. We have been to this place 5-6 times after my first review and the quality never drops.Their pastrami is awesome and filling. The service is usually good if you get one of the Langer clan, but they do seem to have a few waitresses that are really anxious for you to order, eat and get out. Doesn't fuzz me too much, because I save on the tip with them. :-) One star off, because they're way too pricey for the area, menu and atmosphere and there always seems to be a line, but once you sit down the wait is well worth it.Okay, so have you ever had something to eat that in your memory is unmatched by anything you ever have going forward in your life... and as the years go bye, the tastiness of the dish grows ever larger in your memory?   Well, that's how the french dip sandwich has been since I had one in 7th grade in Chicago at some random deli I will never find again.  Anyhow, as the case is, the sandwich from Chicago will never be matched but the french dip pastrami and regular pastrami sandwich at Langer's is a close 2nd!  It simply melts in your mouth and is the best pastrami I've had in LA; Johnnie's, the Hat, Philippe's do not even come close...Absolutely delicious. I have only been here once, so I cant speak for the entire menu, but I love the Creme soda!Langer's is an amazing testament to what Westlake used to be several decades ago. The area itself is rather downtrodden now, but they have a manned parking lot a block away, so parking isn't a concern. The ambiance inside is classic, and every kind of meat that I've tried has been very good. Their pastrami is a little too thinly sliced, but the double-baked break compensates for that. The corned beef is excellent as well.For the hype, Langer's is not as good as I expected. I got the #19: pastrami on rye bread with cole slaw, swiss cheese, and russian dressing. It's just a personal preference, but I'm not a big fan of rye bread. Plus, the coleslaw gave it a slightly creamy taste, which made me feel grossed out halfway through. I also thought it was overpriced. The pastrami is thick and tender, though. Next time, I think I'll just get a pastrami and cheese on a French roll. Good service.Put simply, the best pastrami I've ever had. Although I normally like the thin sliced steamed meat on a roll like Johnny's, I tried Langer's #19 and love the hand carved on rye with Cole slaw and Russian. It is expensive, and in a not so nice neighborhood, but definitely worth it.Had Langer's twice. The first time I had Langer's, a friend picked it up for lunch. The Pastrami was yum! much different than The Hat and other pastrami sandwiches I've had. The meat is of a thicker cut and is nice and tender. Little pricey for what you get, especially if u are used to going to The Hat which is overflowing with meat. The second time I went was much recently and we went in a big group. when i called, the lady said they would make reservations as late as 11:45 am, so I made it for 11:30 am. when we got there they sat us immediately - one side was a booth and the other side were individual chairs. the waitress came to take our order and some of us found her rude but others felt that she was trying to be efficient. If one person was not ready, she would just skip u without telling you that that was what she was going to do. she also really pushed her recommendations. one person ordered what she recommended because he was afraid that she was going to chew off his head. we had one person in our group that did not eat beef and after ordering her turkey club the waitress said "you're not getting pastrami?". service was not bad, just intimidating, but i think she wasn't trying to be intimidating. i guess she wanted everyone to be happy with what they got and wanted to be sure that everyone got what the place was famous for. service could of been a little better, but I've had worse before. and since the pastrami is yum, even though pricey for the quantity, I am giving this place 4 stars for the quality of the pastrami.Langer's needs to change their name to Longer's because once you eat there, you keep longing for their food!  Seriously, this is the best pastrami I have ever tasted, bar none.  I had a #10 (Pastrami and swiss w/ Russian dressing) on Sourdough and I had to eat it slowly to savor every bite.  I am never the last one to finish food at a table and I was this time around.  I am still thinking of this sandwich one day later and definitely plan to go back. Sure the sandwich cost is a bit on the pricey side, but you have to pay for quality and they're totally worth it!Langer's makes the best pastrami sandwich, period.  Fries are very good too as are the pickles (and corned beef if you're in the mood) I've been to several NYC delis (Katz's, Carnegie, Stage, etc.) and while they're very good, for value and quality, they don't come close to Langer's (OK, Katz's comes close).  Oh yeah, one block East is a lot with free validated parking, safe, attendant always on duty, quick 3/4 block walk to the restaurant.i love their pastrami.very good.i always get extra picklesThe best pastrami on the planet.  #19 on a onion roll all the way.pretty good, but over priced $13 bucks is too much for a single regular sized pastrami sandwich. I would'nt mind paying that much if it came with some fries and a drink.The #19 is an amazingly wonderful sandwich.   The pastrami is fantastic with any toppings, but the 19 has the magic.  There's a reason it's the runaway bestseller at this old-L.A. institution.  My only gripe would be the price point.  It's slightly more than I'd like, but it's a big sandwich, and perfection has its price.  Sides are unremarkable--it's all about the sandwich.the best pastrami. yes better than what you can get in ny.First visit for this native Angeleno!  The food quality is all that you hear about - just annoyed that when the bill came, Tucker, the server, calculated the bill over by more that $5.00.  Suspect he knew what he was doing - more gratuity for him and no one the wiser.  He loudly proclaimed when questioned "Oh, that's not your bill!" and quickly added up a new bill.Greatest restaurant of all time.  The food actually tastes better every week I go back. The atmosphere is fantastic, the people are cheerful, and the #19 will change your life. Everyone needs to make the pilgrimage here at some point in their life.Heard about this deli from a Huel Howser episode, so we thought we would try it.  My husband had a greasy pastrami and french fries cooked in old oil.  I had a tough chicken sandwich and a bowl of chicken soup.  The chicken soup was like Top Ramon (over $3 for the ramon).  Wow. What a disappointment.It's been a while since I have been here in person-about 5 years.  Walking in you still get the same feeling of an authentic Deli; the noise, the smells, and the hustle of the waiters and waitresses.  While waiting for a table, ( ok to expect a short wait-5 min.), eyes go straight to a large color photo of the #19, Pastrami, swiss, cole slaw, and thousand on fresh baked Rye.  After being hypnotized by the photo, I finally came to my senses and sat down.  The food is as advertised....Great!  The rye bread is double baked, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It is the best.  The pastrami is hand cut, so you get thicker pieces full of flavor.  I live in the valley, so Brents is the best I can find; however, I think it will be a long time before I order Pastrami anywhere else but here!  It is hands down the best Pastrami and Rye probably in the entire west coast.  For purists, I agree, just get the Pastrami on Rye-no need for anything else.Oh, the pickles that they serve are excellent, with good crunch and plenty of flavor.  I can't wait to go back.  I am sure most know, but for those who don't they have call ahead curb side service so you don't need to even get out of your car...but it is worth it.  Again, others are correct, it is not cheap; however, well worth the memories.  They also do a very good job of wrapping up what you can't finish to take home.  Try it,,,you'll like it.Eh, good but not THAT good.the best pastrami sandwich ive ever tasted in my whole life...Simply the best around!  They have the best Pastrami and Corned Beef in town!You only think you know what pastrami is until you have pastrami at Langer's.  My wife and I have been here before and loved it.  Friday I brought three co-workers here, and they were all game, all food lovers.  They each ordered a different sandwich, all containing pastrami.  You should have heard the oooohing and aaaaahing, seen the drooling, watched the ecstacy as they enjoyed their Langer's pastrami and raved over it..  Our waitress was kind, helpful, accomodating, and sweet.  We got there at lunch time, and were seated right away, though the place was packed.  I have nothing bad to say about Langer's.  I love pastrami, but I really love it at Langer's.  And no, this is not a paid endorsement, lol.Great sandwiches that are worth their priciness. Best pastrami I ever had and their rye bread is the real deal. I take home a sliced loaf every time I come here which is every month. The neighborhood is real immigrant heart of LA stuff with no reason to worry for your safety.  Old school decor is comforting and not run down at all, just vintage and clean. Great wait staff too.  You feel welcomed and wanted when you walk in.  Go during off hours or you'll have trouble finding parking(the Westlake/7th St. lot fills up fast) and you'll have to wait for table.Great Reuben. Never had such delicious pastrami.having grown up in los angeles, i like to think that i've been around enough to understand why certain local restaurants stay around.  i know this is a solid much-loved establishment, an anomaly in the  westlake area.  but, really?  the food is expensive for the quality.  the sandwiches come with one pickle slice, not even a side of any sort.  the service is always lovely, but i can't help but think this place is utterly highly overrated whenever i go.  brought my parents here the other day and we just sat there with the menu open.  they had the pastrami and i felt guilty that they paid so much for a sandwich.My fiancee and I and two other friends had lunch here on Monday February 20, 2012.  This was my first time eating there and, yes they have the best PASTRAMI.  It is nothing like the pastrami you get from the regular burger or sandwich places.  The meat was very tender and nice thick slices and no fat.  I had the Hot Pastrmi with Sauerkraut with Nippy Cheese on sourdough it was delicious.  Nice healthy portion.  I will be eating there whenever I'm in the area.  They also have curbside service for those that do not have time to eat there.  If you love pastrami or cornbeef, then you must try Langers.The double-toasted rye bread for that extra crunch makes it unique and adds texture to a sandwich that inherently is void of texture.  Coleslaw, Russian dressing, and just the right amount of tender pastrami makes the number 19 the perfect sandwich.  The price is indeed a criticism, but that doesn't mean it's not worth every penny.Just agreeing with what many have written already.  The best pastrami anywhere.Pastrami had no taste - colored cardboard. Rye bread broke apart. True, you get a lot. But a lot of crap is still crap! Try Billy's in Glendale for a real pastrami sandwich. Of course, this is very subjective but once you try them, you will see what slop Langers sells! Trust me!Quite good.  Yesterday I had a yen for a real pastrami sandwich and Langer's turned up on Google.  Drove down, parked in their lot ($15 an hour for parking was pretty scary but they validate for 90 minutes), and waited in line (yep, a real line to get in).  About 5 minutes later we were sent to a booth which looked small but actually had plenty of room and was quite comfortable.  The menu is extensive.  I just had the pastrami I came for (a #10) while my wife had a blintz.  The pastrami was perfectly cooked and the bread was amazing!  Somehow it was crunchy on the crust but soft in the middle, and it had wonderful flavor.  Food is not cheap (pastrami was $14, I think, and the bill with tip for the 2 of us at lunch was $40), and I could have eaten more, but overall, it was definitely a win.  My wife said that the blintz was the best she had ever had.  Service was good.  I'd love to go back.  I've never had a better sandwich.My friend Mara lives minutes from L.A., so she drove a zillion miles to fetch me from home and BACK to L.A. just so I could eat at Langer's. I swear I'll try the pastrami and chopped liver or even branch out to lox and bagel on later visits, but my first time at Langer's,  I had to start with good ol' #19, the pastrami, Swiss, Russian dressing, and cole slaw on rye. A perfect pastrami sandwich, the best I've ever had, with just the right amount of tender, delectable pastrami piled on the excellent rye bread, layered with crunchy cole slaw with the perfect moistness, savory Russian dressing, and the tangy Swiss cheese. Heaven! Our waitress, Eve, a wonderful grandmotherly type with a British accent, took wonderful care of us, traded quips, and tended our cream sodas with perfect attention.  We stood in line for half an hour, the place was crowded and loud, and the sandwiches go for $15.25, but I'd eat there every single day if I could. My friend Mara is SO smart.number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number  number 19 number 19 number 19number 19 number 19 number ... The crinkle cut fries are great too.you know when someone says "if u love it so much why dont u marry it" well i tried and mr.langers just wouldnt let me....its the best flavor that has ever been introduced to my taste buds...the waitress gave me a mint along with the bill and i threw it away to keep the pastrami taste in my mouth and didnt brush my teeth for a week just hoping i could keep the taste in my salavery glands...mmm the only part of the sandwich i didnt like was when i finished it...i admit i cried a bit  =*(great service, best pastrami sandwiches everWould rate this place 4 stars for their Corned Beef Rueben and 2 stars for the #19. I'm pretty disappointed. I came here with a friend (after explaining and apologizing to him because this place is overpriced, and I felt bad for making him take me here). I wanted to try the #19 (first time I went there I got the corned beef rueben and it was very good..still overpriced). I am not a mayo fan and because of that I think that's why I didn't like the #19. You get a huge serving of cole slaw on top of the sandwich and all I could taste was the Mayo. I was also disappointed with the quality of the pastrami. Some pieces were fatty and yummy and some were dry and overcooked. For a $15 sandwich I'd expect all the meat (and there was not an abundance of meat) to be equally and nicely cooked. I also dislike that you don't get a side item with the sandwich. $15 for a sandwich with 1 pickle and you can't throw in a scoop of potato salad or some fries? What does one scoop (in an industrial size of potato salad spread over hundreds of orders of sandwiches amount to?) 25 cents? 50 cents? Really? Is your bottom line so strict that you can make a plate look complete with a side for no extra charge? I'm an Accounting major at school. If you can't afford a scoop of potato salad with a $15 sandwich you've got some MAJOR problems with the expenses of running your restaurant. Hit me up..I'll help you figure out some ways to effectively cut costs and also provide a reasonably priced lunch to your faithful guests! ;)best. pastrami. ever.again not much i can add that hasn't been said. pastrami is heavenly and so is the rye bread. and i say this as some one who grew up in ny.best pastrami on rye on this planet.hands down.dont waste your time anywhere else.long over due rating but since i'm a newbie and trying to up date here we go. it's been a few months since i've been but it's an awesome deli. in a seedy area between ktown and downtown and parking is tough during lunch but you can pay across the street in a lot. #19 is awesome. bread (awesome) pastrami (oh tender and delicious) cheese (cheese is cheese to me) russian dressing (excellent finish). fries are good to. they're thick and nice and piping hot. you're gonna drop like $20 after tip and tax so not your subway value meal. definetly worthwhile and competes with NY delis but not NY sandwich size which makes you look like your eating a baby calf.simply the best pastrami and rye bread in la.  i love and crave this and wish i got here more (my life insurance company is not sad that i don't get here more than i do).  a classic la place, i get the #19 lean but it's hard to imagine how you could go wrong.  i don't toast the bread because it's so incredibly fresh, it's like it just came out of the oven every time.Best pastrami sandwich ever in the world hands down. Just erase any pastrami sandwich you've had before from your memory because not only is this better, it is incredibly different. The pastrami is very thick - not sliced thin like deli meat. It is also incredibly tender and litterally falls apart with each bite. If you were eating this with a knife and fork, you would only need a fork. Also, the fresh baked in-house rye bread is something to write home about. I'm not even a huge fan of rye and this bread is amazing. Langer's is also such a fun place to go because of the atmosphere. The servers have worked here for decades and have lots of stories and personality. The character of the place reflects a time completely different from the neighborhood outside. It is truly a gem. Also, if you are completely gluttonous make sure the get the chili cheese fries! Oh so greesy and good. This is definitely a place to take out-of-towners to. Great food, great vibe and a little slice of LA history.i am a roofer, stopped there for lunch take out, $14 bucks for a corn beef.  it was thinner than other places and there was a lot of fat, more than other places.  i ate only half, couldn't stomach the rest.  that 14 bucks was sandwich only, no drink, no fries, it was take out, no tip.Let me qualify this by noting that I've literally ordered the same thing during each of my 40+ visits to Langers (yes...I'm a true creature of habit):  half a sandwich (pastrami on rye) and soup (chicken rice...slight premium for a bowl instead of a cup) with a side order of cole slaw.  My personal preference is to spread a small amount of spicy brown deli-style mustard on the sandwich.  Over the years this combination has been consistently outstanding.   While I usually wash things down with either an ice tea or soda, the occasional vanilla milkshake has been wonderful - old school with the extra coming on the side in the silver mixing cup.   When I'm up for dessert, I order the marble cake with a cup of coffee.   With the very rare exception, service has been above average.  They have their own parking lot at 7th and Westlake, one hour free with validation.  Also, very easy access via the Red Line.  Not exactly the best neighborhood in the world, but if you can put up with the phony ID offers and sidestep the occasional strung out sidewalk inhabitant, you'll be fine.  If you love pastrami and have never been to Langers, I highly recommend that you treat yourself to a visit.