Three words...Mexican hot chocolate. Yummo!! Hubby and I sat at the bar and service was great!!! Get the donuts...you might not want to share.You know a restaurant called "Hot Chocolate" has to be good. I mean...hot chocolate. What more is there to say?A lot actually. Mindy's Hot Chocolate is more than just hot chocolate. Yes, this place has amazing chocolately goodness, but the food is fantastic as well! I ordered the shrimp and grits for brunch and DEVOURED it. I would come back to Mindy's exclusively for the shrimp and grits, they were that delicious. I also tried the pancake, which is literally a pan-cake. A fluffy cake baked in a can, served with strawberries. It's unique and very tasty. My mom was really obsessed with it. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the brunch farmer's market salad. There was something about the quinoa and dressing that was a bit off to me, but I woudn't call it bad.But back to the namesake...I was with a group of 13, so I tried most of the hot chocolates. They were all delicious, but my favorite was definitely the Medium. The dark chocolate really stole my heart in the Medium, but the milk chocolate in it kept it just sweet enough. For a slightly lighter option (hah who am i kidding?), try the Half and Half. The espresso makes it more like an affogato than a cup of pure chocolate.The conclusion: Definitely worth every calorie.I'm not ashamed to say that I was so eager to try this place that I came here by myself.And the embarrassing moment that ensued after my waiter asked who would be joining me was well worth it.The atmosphere alone at Hot Chocolate is worth a trip. Always dimly lit and very inviting and cozy. It didn't seem to get too loud despite being quite full.I'd heard the burger was top-notch, so I followed orders and am very glad that I did. The care that goes into this dish is amazing. House-fried potato chips, homemade pickles and slaw. All the ingredients are fresh and intentional. Upon my second visit with a friend, we opted for an appetizer of the soft pretzel. The $12 price tag made me raise my eyebrows, but they brought us two, and I could have eaten both of them. They came with a divine cheese spread that I'd recommend putting on anything and everything.For my meal, I went with another sandwich, the lamb and creama kasa. It's a hefty sandwich and quite rich so be prepared to either take some home or leave feeling very...heavy.To end this review, I will leave you with three words: Mexican hot chocolate. Liquid bliss. And a homemade marshmallow to top it off. The hint of spicy cinnamon sent it over the top.I'll be back again soon to see what else they're doing amazingly well.Dropped in on a Saturday night and got lucky! We didn't have to wait for a table. Hot chocolate - I ordered the vanilla iced hot chocolate and it was okay. Nothing special. I'll probably get the medium next time for more chocolate flavor. My friends enjoyed their drinks though. Desserts - Nothing special either but the sauce that came with the doughnuts was fantastic! The milk and cookie was yum. Service - Our waiter appeared overwhelmed since it was busy but he was kind enough to stop and ask us if we needed help in selecting our food.Just about the fanciest cup of hot chocolate I have ever had! Came here for a mid-afternoon pre-dinner snack during my Chicago trip for some appetizers and a cup of hot chocolate. This restaurant is classy with a great selection of drinks and sweets. We split a grilled squid panzanella salad which we were pretty disappointed with. The seasoning was way off and the salt content was off the charts, the squid itself did not have a pleasing texture and a bit too much char for my taste.Now onto that chocolate... I ordered the black & tan - which is part fudge and part medium hot chocolate. If you are a dark chocolate lover who also loves hot fudge sundaes you will love how rich and delectable this hot chocolate is. I ended up not mixing in all of the hot fudge in effort to save my mouth from being too rich in chocolate. This stop is great if you have a sweet tooth!Overall, a bit disappointed with the food but impressed with their fancy upscale hot chocolate!I really dig this place. Cool interior, great food, yummy cocktails, perfect hot chocolate(s), great staff. If you follow my reviews you know it's always a challenge to find a "dad approved place to eat" for those familial visits from the #1 pickiest eater. I imagine payback for my own picky eating as a kid. I wanted a birthday lunch I could enjoy and one that didn't involve complaining from the parental unit. Mindy's is a great option! I wanted a fancy cocktail and was told they didn't serve them for lunch, but the super duper kind waiter made me one because it was my birthday! Yay! We ordered hamburgers all around and they were a BIG hit! They are served with homemade chips, homemade pickles and tiny little bottles of ketchup and mustard for each plate. I heart condiments and especially ones that come in tiny bottles. My dad declared, are you ready for it? He said, "this is the best cheeseburger I have ever had in my life." There you have it! The hot chocolate, especially the Mexican hot chocolate, is to die for. With a big, plump marshmallow on top. Sadly they were revamping the dessert menu the couple of times I was there and they weren't serving the doughnuts I had heard so much about. Boo. Top notch food. Great cocktails. Great hot chocolate.After grabbing pizza and burning the roof of my mouth, I decided to head over to Mindy's for a nice hot cup of hot chocolate to kill all sensation in my mouth.  Walked in and headed straight for the bar, "one hot chocolate".  I thought I was so cool sitting at the bar alone throwing out this demand like I had a rough day and needed a pick me upper.  A few minutes passed by and I didn't see anyone making my drink.  The bartender comes over and asks, "so you're settling with the hot chocolate"?  Duh!  Isn't that what I said?  "Which one?"  Ohh.... there's more than one kind!??!  I got the medium hot chocolate which comes with one marshmallow.  This was probably the best hot chocolate I've ever had.  Silky smooth with the right amount of sweetness, and the marshmallow intensified the sweetness even more.  It was really hot so the bartender gave me an extra marshmallow to cool it down (there's a fee for extra marshmallows but perhaps she felt sorry for me!)  Tip:  Yes, the hot chocolate is hot but one marshmallow is all you need.  Giving me the 2nd marshmallow was a kind gesture BUT after I added it to my drink, I was overloaded with sweetness.  My stomach was not agreeing with my taste buds.The greatest marshmallows I've ever eaten in my entire life.Oh! Plus the greatest hot chocolate ever (I got the Medium). If you have an insatiable sweet tooth like I do, you'll want to go here. My sister got the cookie platter (my favorite was the ginger snap cookie) and I got the doughnuts. TO DIE FOR.The only reason I knocked off a star was for the service... It wasn't bad per se, but our waitress was really spacey and wasn't very attentive. It seemed like we were waiting for her a lot.All in all it was a GREAT dessert spot - I will now be happily passing out into a food coma. Please, please come here if you are ever in the area! PS: loved taking home my unfinished hot chocolate in a to go cup... I'll definitely be drinking that on the way to the airport tomorrow morning!Let me preface this drop in stars by saying that Hot Chocolate is one of my favorite restaurants in this neighborhood. So it pains me to write this, really. I've had great food here, both dessert and non-dessert. One off-day is one thing, but when the food and service have been inconsistent your last several visits, you start wondering what's going on, especially when it's this restaurant of this caliber.I don't know if it's because there's new people in the kitchen, or if it's because Mindy Segal is investing all her time opening her new place in Logan Square or what. I've had really great dishes (chilled pea soup), and really meh dishes. Particularly this last time we went for brunch, we ordered the brunch fried rice and the veggie scramble. Although the ingredients are always top-notch and sourced locally, the execution was seriously lacking from what you'd expect from this accoladed restaurant. I'm playing the Top Chef card and calling out their lack of salt (this coming from a girl who usually complains of too much salt). When I'm paying $13 for a scramble, I expect it to be seasoned well and not be oozing liquid because the veggies weren't prepared correctly, ya know?Food service has also been slow, in that it took a really long time for our entrees to come out. On more than one occasion. However, customer service is their saving grace and luckily this last time, our server was kind enough to comp us a couple things off our bill. I always appreciate it when restaurants do that, and it keeps me coming back even when I have a mediocre experience.Hot Chocolate, step your game back up, you've got a reputation to keep up!We made reservations well in advance to finally use my open table gift card from Christmas. Food was not disappointing. We had the asparagus salad and soup as a starter followed by the burger and salmon. The menu has since changed for summer (we were there in the spring) but the burger is still on the menu and I would recommend!Our server constantly refilled our water glasses and kept our cocktails coming. My boyfriend tried the dark hot chocolate (72% french hot chocolate) for dessert which was rich and very filling. I had the mint chip shake which was always filling (definitely could share).A great local restaurant in Bucktown with cute window and booth seating that has open windows in the spring and summer!I've visited Mindy's HC twice now and been impressed!  I appreciate that it is near the hub of 6 six corners, but a little removed from the craziness (it is north on Damen).  Though their specialties lie in chocolate and desserts, they have great cocktails and the food is excellent as well.Of their well-crafted creations I have tried:-Strawberry cheesecake: mind blowing-Milk & cookies: decadent-Golden arms cocktail: one of the best drinks I have had in a while-Hamburger: thick and perfectly cooked to specifications-Crab cake: fresh and served sandwich style-Cucumber salad: good, with an interesting and tasty addition of snap peas-War on winter cocktail: tropical drink, well madeTopped with good service, I'll be certain to return!My friend and I didn't realize this was an actual restaurant! We stopped by in the afternoon to try some hot chocolate. Although the restaurant was closed, they let us purchase drinks. Our barista was really nice :)We both ordered the medium, and it was so delicious! It came with a homemade marshmallow that just melted into our drinks. I do wish there was a slightly smaller size because it was a LOT of chocolate. I still drank it all though.If I'm ever back in Chicago, I will definitely come back to try their food.Have you ever passed out from eating too much chocolate? I must say, it's a wonderful experience. Mindy has outdone herself by creating this place. If you like Chocolate, and you haven't been here, you need to go.It's as close as I've come to having Hot Chocolate in Paris, when I was there, and it's here in Chicago! GO GO GO! GO NOW! Get the Dark Chocolate French Cup, with a home made marshmallow, and the Pecan Pie. You'll cry tears of joy, then pass out with a chocolate smear on your smiling face.I had two if my younger cousins (both 19 years old) visiting Chicago from Missouri recently.  It is hard to find a lot of fun things for the under 21 set but I knew we could try a different eatery each evening.The ambiance here is the perfect pitch.  We 3 ordered desserts, 3 different versions of hot chocolate (of course), burgers, and one shake to share.  We all really enjoyed ourselves!  I knew I chose well when the young ones took pictures of the food and posed together for selfies.The food was amazingly good.  I thought I didn't like marshmallows - but apparently the Stay Puft bag from the store is not actually a marshmallow.  The homemade versions served with our Hot Chocolates were delightful.  Our server was also really on top of it.  He really presented the food more than served it and engaged with the the gals.  Then he left us alone when we were chatty and eating, but was always right there if we had a question or needed anything.Bonus!  This location is walking distance from our home, so my Husband and I can come back and have drinks and a meal or a sweet - then walk home!Family members raved good the food and dessert was here.  Definitely in a young hipster neighborhood.  The "cheese plate" consisted of a single small piece of cheese with a schmer of jam and two pieces of bread.  The duck dish with spratzel was good, but my daughter-in-law thought the skin should be crispy.  The crab cake sandwich was good but mushy and had to be eaten with a knife and fork.  My wife didn't like it do to some unidentified spice.Our Grand daughter loved the white hot chocolate with the gourmet marshmallow.I may have been grumpy because it took us 90 minutes each way to drive here from our hotel, but there are too many options to return to Mindy's Hot Chocolate!I'd been talking about this place for the longest time after I visited Chicago in 2012, but I never had a chance to stop by again (even though I was only a few hours away in Madison) until this summer on my way back to Madison from NYC. What really sold me on Mindy's the first time - in addition to the super cute decor and overall ambiance of the restaurant - was the mussels! The mussels and croquettes were to. die. for. and I was hoping that we'd be able to order them this time around.Unfortunately, they didn't have the mussels this time of year, so we ended up trying a few new things on the menu: the shrimp louie salad and the crab cake sandwich. Both were outstanding choices, and perfectly portioned to share. I would definitely recommend both options - depending on whether you are looking for a healthier, lighter option, or a heavier, more filling option.We also tried the half&half hot chocolate (because I really needed that extra shot of espresso to tide me through the last leg of our road trip), which was a truly delightful way to sum up our late afternoon lunch. The hot chocolate is extremely rich, so unless you are a true chocolate fanatic, I would suggest you share with a friend. Although they do state that they charge a 'split' fee, we weren't charged the extra $1.Although the restaurant and the menu itself are worthy of five stars, I found our waitress unfriendly and almost cold at times. She was definitely in the minority though, as I found the hostess and other staff members to be very personable. She didn't seem to take any particular interest in our table and treated us almost as if we were a burden to her. Call me overly sensitive, but I definitely got the feeling she only came over to check up on us because she was obliged. Anyway, since I docked her in tip, I'm not going to dock stars off of what I though was an otherwise superb dining experience.I was visiting Chicago for a business trip and had to take advantage of the great restaurant scene while between meetings.  I grabbed a delicious breakfast at Mindy's on a weekend morning and was blown away by the caliber and quality of the meal.  For starters I ordered the lactose free soy hot chocolate.  It was A-mazing.  So smooth and rich.  My only complaint is that I cannot be drinking one right this minute.  Yum! The homemade marshmallow on the side is simply perfect.  For breakfast I had a pork chop with a duck egg over easy.  My kind of savory breakfast.  So well executed with tons of flavor.  My co-diners had equally delicious options for breakfast.  I cannot wait for another business trip to Chicago.  This great spot will be my first stop!I went here on a double date with my friends late on a Saturday evening. The waiter was a little odd, rarely coming round the table and acting a little fussy when we were ordering and asking for the check. Nevertheless the food was delicious. We got the donuts, assorted cookie plate, and (of course, the dark hot chocolate. Hot chocolate was a little too thick/rich for my taste. But for a few sips it was delicious. The donuts were SO GOOD!  Warm and sweet and delicious!!Best. Hot. Chocolate. Ever.I figure a place that has such amazing hot chocolate exists in Chicago because they obviously can't cure heart break with ice cream in a place that is frozen most of the year.....soooo hot chocolate!Let me start by saying I don't even like hot chocolate, and I like marshmallows even less. But we came here during polar vortex, it was all warm, creamy an over the top indulgence. ....and then they add this chunk of homemade marshmallow! You will instantly rekindle your love to cupid and hopefully brush up to someone new while you wait on line for your cup.Great service and quality food. Things are made with care at this establishment and they clearly care about setting a standard for craft food.  Great atmosphere.  Came in for brunch a group of five and everyone loved their hot chocolate. Coffee drinkers get their own French press.  Highly recommended to visitors and locals as a must visit spot.My absolute favorite place to go in Chicago!  Amazing food, service and of course dessert.  The macaroni and cheese is by far the best I have ever had and I will make a special trip specifically for it.  The mexican hot chocolate is also amazing with dark chocolate and a little bit of spice not to mention the heavenly homemade marshmallows that come with it.  I have also had a variety of the sandwiches, but the burger is definitely a show stopper as well.  When traveling, I always like to try new places, but this is an absolute must stop every time I am in Chicago.Pork Belly Fried Rice is amazing!!! Don't miss out out. Bloody Mary and Breakfast BLT were also pretty great.Promoting it to 4 stars now that Kymberly DeLost is the pastry chef. Her pastries/deserts have a more modern twist to them, are much lighter and a lot less sugary.Kymberly used to be the pastry chef at the Store Front, which unfortunately closed.Hot Chocolate - it is a dessert place obviously. Surprisingly, their starter, and the entree were delish. We ordered MONKEY BREAD for starter, it was very buttery and light, with butter of garlic for dipping. The portion was very small, but the presentation was cute. For entree, I ordered CRAB CAKE SANDWICH, it was impressive. It composed REAL crab meat with very little filler. For dessert, i ordered CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE TART with salted carmel ice cream and home made PRETZELS, the bottom layer of the cake was little bit overcooked, but overall is decent. Last but not least, MEXICAN HOT CHOCOLATE, it was very flavorful and thick, with a very nice kick of spiciness. Homemade Marshmallow went perfect with the drink. Tips: 1. You may want to put half of the marshmallow in it and taste it. 2. Share everything, you can't finish the food and drink. I was so stuffed that I barely can write this review. Overall, I had an amazing experience, come to try if you like chocolateAfter a poor start we went on to a great lunch.Potato and leeks are a good combination in soup.  That's what we ordered.  Our can't-be-bothered-with-details waitress didn't mention the lime zest.  So we got a potato based lime zest puree.  Lime was the only taste.  No thanks.From there on everything we ate was terrific.  I had an awesome pork belly based Reuben sandwich.  Delicious bread, nice piece of pork, everything flavorful and well balanced.  Great fresh chips to go with the sandwich.  (I don't know that I've ever before referred to chips as "fresh," but these were.)  The dark (French) hot chocolate was perfect, as well as the marshmallow to play with.Our server was indifferent - adequate but her dourer attitude added nothing to the experience.  Waiting on about five tables on a slow day, at a slow pace, I once saw her smile, but she quickly wiped it off her face.Forget her - she'll probably be back in law school by the time you go.  Go for the terrific food and the hot chocolate.This was our first time here and it was pretty busy we had a 9:30PM reservation. We started off with the soft shell crab and the favors from the soft shell to the inside were so good that we cleaned the place. Then we had the duck, the skin was nice and crispy and the meat was so tender that we devoured it. Then it was time for dessert. We got the hot chocolate, cheesecake and a sundae. The hot chocolate taste like you were drinking you favorite chocolate bar. The cheesecake was so delicious and the sundae was good.everything taste so goodStumbled upon this wonderful restaurant while my friends and I wandered the area looking for ice cream on a cold, somewhat wet, Spring-ish Sunday evening.My two friends and I were seated immediately, presented with the dessert menu, which takes an equal amount of space as the regular menu, and left to contemplate upon our choices.We got the Chai Hot Chocolate, Sundae and Vanilla Shake. I cannot say enough good things to justify how delicious everything was! My only critique would be that the Sundae seemed slightly over-sweet, but that's only for an instant before the caramelized bananas soothe out the palette.I think this is the perfect stop for a sit-down dessert!Fun spot for a group bday dinner. It's a casual scene with a chill vibe. Come here during the winter. It'll feel like your home away from home. The food is solid, but the desserts and the hot chocolate are the main attractions. The dessert portions are perfect for sharing.Hot Chocolate has lived up to its expectations for both brunch and dinner.  This had been on my list to try for a while.  Service was good - servers were both friendly and knwoledgeable.  Hot Chocolate uses a lot of local ingredients which is great. Brunch was absolutely fantastic and I love that they rotate their menu every weekend.  The first time I had the fried chicken and waffles which were sinfully good.  The bloody mary had excellent balance and just the right amount of spice.  The next time for brunch I tried a pork, shrimp and rice dish which was also fantastic.  I am also glad that I was introduced to their mac and cheese.  It is simple and delicious.  It also has to be one of the creamiest mac and cheese that I have ever had.  It was great to get as a side to split. Dinner was also delicious.  I had the burger which was one of the better ones (albeit not my favorite) in the city. I always thought "what is so special about the hot chocolate?"  I tried the Medium hot chocolate for dessert and then understood.  It was an "aha" moment!  It has an incredible richness but balanced and not too sweet.  It is very rich and filling and I am glad we ordered one to split.  They don't take reservations for brunch and fill up quick. There is also not much room to wait inside which is not good in this never-ending winter we have had.  Tip: They do take reservations for dinner!Went with my wife for Mother's Day brunch today and wasn't very impressed, which was particularly disappointing since Hot Chocolate used to be one of our favorite spots (but it had been around two years or so since our last visit).  We both wanted it to be great today, but it just wasn't.  Overall, the menu didn't feel very inventive, and gone were a few classics that we had loved in the past (eggy blueberry pancakes, biscuit breakfast sandwich, etc).  It's fine to ax old dishes in favor of new ones, but not if they new ones simply aren't as good.The brioche french toast we had was decent, but I'd expect a dish like this to have a lot more WOW factor coming from Mindy.  It was basically on par with most any halfway decent brunch spot in the city... Nothing special.  My wife's burger was ok at best and was kind of dry.  I had a brunch friend rice dish, which was one of the more out of the box items on the menu, and it was lackluster.  It was like someone who didn't know how to make friend rice put soy sauce and some other seasoning on white rice and tossed it around for a minute or two... There was no stickiness to it, and no sense that it had been stir fried or anything... Just white rice with sauce, some veggies, and a few chunks of somewhat chewy steak.  We also each had a bloody mary... They were fine, but again, nothing special.I'm rooting for hot chocolate though, so I'm hoping this was just an off day for them, though it'd be a strange day to be off since it was Mother's Day brunch.  One interesting thing is that there seemed to be a lot of open tables, especially for 11am on Mother's Day.  Maybe it was just how they were spacing their reservations or something, but it certainly didn't feel hopping inside.  The truth is, if this had just been some random joint and not Hot Chocolate, I'd honestly never think about going back. I'm hopeful Mindy's new spot in Logan Square will once again raise the bar since I know she's super talented and capable of so much more than our brunch experience today would have us believe.Someone needs to petition them to add the  breakfast fried rice to the regular brunch menu, STAT.  Grilled shrimp, peas, sprouts, topped with a fried egg = yum.I came here on a whim for brunch. I ordered the above, a strawberry rhubarb mimosa and a coffee cake. The only thing that didn't impress me was the cake, strange considering this place is primarily known as a dessert place.I sat at the bar, and the bartender was lovely. Once he found out I was from out of town, he provided me with local newspapers, and bubbled with suggestions of where else I should check out.Food was pretty good (I had the torta), but waiter forgot to put in my order with the rest of my party!  I must admit that I didn't actually try the hot chocolate, so I probably missed out on their signature menu item.Been here a few times and lovin' my experience every time.  The key things I look for in a place to eat are: uniqueness, class and its service of course.  Hot Chocolate offers a little bit of the above.  The uniqueness comes from well, just the menu says it all.  How many people can order a milkshake and whiskey at the same time?  And at the whee late hours of the night?  I do not know of many places like this.Well of course I had to come here! What chocolate lover wouldn't?Stopped by on a Thursday evening around 7:00 PM. The place was packed, of course.   We waited only 5 minutes to get a table right next to the window where it was a bit chilly almost as if the A/C was on.    It took about 5 minutes to be greeted by a waiter (a bit longer than I'm used to).  I know it's busy, but uh, yea...We place our orders.  The peanut butter cup, malted milk and THEN the salted caramel, coconut and triple vanilla ice cream.  Between two people. It was more than sufficient.  I got a bit impatient after waiting about 25-30 minutes for our order to come out.  I thought it was odd that 3 scoops of ice cream didn't come out almost immediately.  I know they weren't churning the ice cream while we placed our order so I almost felt as if our server forgot about us. He stopped by our table 15 minutes after we ordered and said "I didn't forget about you". Which seemed to confirm the opposite.The desserts were delicious!  My peanut butter cup was mouthwatering and adding it with the coconut ice cream made dreams come true :)I didn't think the salted caramel or triple vanilla ice cream were anything special. But coconut really hit the spot!  My dates malted milk was no where near as amazing as my peanut butter cup. However still pretty darn good.  It took us about 10 minutes to finish a dessert that took us almost 40 minutes to get.  The tab? About $50 for 3 desserts.  A little pricey but the presentation adds to the cost, I guess. I'll definitely be back. However I think it's smartest to go on a low-volume day/time. I'm sure the weekends are crazy!Lovely dinner on a bustling Saturday night. Waiter was the best. Charming and funny, and he didn't try to oversell. For a restaurant named Hot Chocolate, it was indeed a great choice for dessert, but we loved the appetizers too. Ended up making a meal of apps and dessert.Great food and atmosphere. It was a busy friday night but my boyfriend and I were able to get really good seats and the waiters were really friendly.We had today's beautiful cheese for appetizer, which was camembert and it was creamy and delicious. Then we had the beef brisket and the hamburger. The portion of the hamburger was humongous and it was SO juicy. The buns were also crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside - something to die for. They come with these cute miniature ketchup and mustard dispensers, which I thought was really unique.The entrees came out a bit late and the waiter spilled water on my boyfriend at one point so they said that the dessert was on the house. We had cake squared and shake as well as the cheesecake. The cake squared was great, the cheesecake complimented it. The cake squared had these yummy meringues that I adored. The mini malt milkshake that came as a part of the cake squared was a great treat too.Overall we had such a great experience there we would recommend it to everyone. Oh, we also had two hot chocolates (dark and peppermint) to go and on top of all the food we ate, it was divine.This place was pretty meh. The space is beautiful, absolutely. But there was a table of about 10 behind us with a couple children (at 8:30 pm on a Wednesday night) and crying baby. Not the restaurant's fault per se, but they were at a communal table front and center. They were busy so service was slightly slow. Cocktails were great and a good price point. Our table ordered a pretty wide variety of food:Whole Fish (red snapper): delicious Burger: good and well cooked, but Heinz ketchup? Presentation was great but was expecting house-made. Chips were bland.Kale Salad: winnerMushrooms: best thing all nightThe cauliflower gratin was just terrible. Huge disappointment both in execution and flavor. My white bean soup came out lukewarm, though they were pretty quick to bring it back out heated up. It was an expensive cup for both amount and ingredients used, but they prepared it with Parmesan rind which really added flavor to the broth. Desserts were two hot chocolates, and a trio of ice cream. Ice cream was tasty but again, the price point was just stupid ($12 for three small scoops) for the amount and ingredients used. Overall, it was fine, but not a place I'd go out of my way to visit again.Saturday Brunch:The atmosphere and warm decor make this spot inviting. The staff aren't cold, but they certainly aren't the most welcoming. The food was solid, but not outstanding. We had the Brunch Fried rice with ham, shrimp, green peas, and carrots.. It was hearty and moist, but lacked any creativity. The salami scramble was far more flavorful, with semi-spicy salami, and hearty potatoes.Drinks:French Press: Good coffeeCappucino: GoodMachiatto: GoodOrange Juice: StandardDark Hot Choc w/ Marshmallow: GreatWe'll be back to check out the desserts that looked appetizing, along with the Bloody Mary's!I was definitely THAT guy at Mindy's Hot Chocolate...  I took pictures of my hot chocolate. (I uploaded it here too)The spanish hot chocolate was creamy and spicy and amazing. I had the beet salad which was the perfect portion and an immense amount of flavor.  I was thoroughly happy with my experience.I came here during my visit in Chicago. The reason why I chose to come here bc of its popularity in Chicago . However, I was disappointed at the dessert here.First, once you made a reservation to come here, there is a 15 dollars minimum spending per person. So try to come here without a reservation if you canSecond, they change their dessert menu every 1-2months so many of the desserts that were reviewed on yelp weren't available. Plus, each dessert item cost about 12 dollars which is not cheap!I ended up ordering donuts with chocolate dip on the side and dark hot chocolate. The donut was pretty ordinary. It is the type of donut that you can buy from any super market. The chocolate dip is nothing fancy either. Overall, it is too sweet for me with donut dipped into the chocolate. The hot chocolate comes with a Homemade marshmallow. The chocolate is really rich and creamy. But after I finished half cup of the hot chocolate. I started to get sick of it bc it is way too rich for me to treat it like a drink. I also ordered 3 scoops of ice cream/sorbet (salted caramel ice cream, orange, and raspberry sorbet). Nothing impressive and again it was 12 bucks for three scoops I won't come here again bc the desserts here didn't impress me and it is overpriced as wellWe had to early bird special due to making a late reservation (RSVP's are a must here), however we finally tried Mindy's, have been wanting to for a while.  We got a table right by the windows and had a nice dinner watching the passersby.    I had the Kale Salad (no pork belly), the cheese of the day, hubs had fish n chips. Everything was really good - the fish and chips were OK. Cocktails (Sunshower for the lighter palate with a spice kick - Habits of the Artichoke for the one who wants a complex drink), were D-LISH.  Everything was chosen with the wonderful assistance of our waiter - very casual, helpful and authentic. Dessert of course - Malted Milk was AWESOME.  Hubs had the Oreo, it was good -but think fresh mint, not peppermint patty - it kind of throws you off at first.We will definiately be back - would be a good place for a big group - they have a few really nice big tables.Superb experience all around.  We came here after dinner for dessert. Had a reservation for 10pm and ended up calling them because we would be about 20minsla really.  They were flexible and cool about it. Then we had mentioned months prior that it was our anniversary and when the milkshake came out, they did some extra special things to accompany the milkshake which was really illustrative of the extra touch they put on everything.  They helped a me it a special night, even if it was only an 8$ customer.  The milkshake was he peanut butter and malt chocolate and it was amazing.  The menu h had a lot of crazy good things but we were too full for any  besides some liquid magic.Overall epic locale for some swift sweet surprisesMore overrated than Drake and Johnny Manziel combined.   One of their big draws is fried chicken night.   I'd rather have a po boy from Popeye's.   Seriously, it's the worst higher end FC I've ever had.   Crossroads on Madison, The Southern, and Stanley's are all better.   I hate Harold's, and Harold's is better.   The desserts are good, but smallish and very pricey.  It's not that Hot Chocolate is bad, it's just below average with big dog prices.   Keep it.This is my third time dining at Hot Chocolate within the past year. Once again it was an exceptional experience, especially with regards to the wait staff. Our waiter was remarkably genial and one hundred percent authentic with us, not attempting to push us in one direction or another, and giving us ample opinions and time for all decisions.While we opted to to get an appetizer (of course we had to ensure saving room for dessert), the two ordered dishes were the lamb crema kasa sandwich and the duck breast. The lamb was not gamy and offered unique flavoring options with the addition of the grainy mustard. The duck breast was surprisingly crispy, well rendered to provide succulent bites. The confit duck leg was sublime. However, I felt that the pickled beets that came with the crema kasa should have actually been put in place of the napa cabbage slaw on my duck breast - it needed the sharp, bright, acidic notes to cut through the fattiness and richness of the duck and spaetzle.For dessert, cake and shake - offering subtle and over the top chocolate flavorings, the cakes were delicious and the best finale was the malted chocolate milkshake. Everything was very good, and once the summer menu comes in you can bet I'll be coming back to try more!I wish I could say that I left high on chocolate, loving life, ready to take on the world. However, Dan, killed that for me. He almost seemed annoyed by my friends and I for asking questions, and in fact, just being there. Everytime he visited the table, and then left, we all looked at each other feeling uncomfortable and awkward. The dessert was decent, with the tiramisu and chocolate cake being my favorites (and I am quite the dessert connoisseur). Peanut butter milkshake was definitely peanut buttery (a little milky). Don't ever order the chocolate sorbet, or sorbet in general. It tastes like flavored ice; and Dan will be the first one to tell you that, and be a jerk about it, and not care that it wasn't what you expected. Mindy though, keep it up girl.UGH.I have been wanting to visit for the longest time and the wait was, for the first time, actually worth it. I'm also happy that I was able to come while Mindy was still the pastry chef--change is coming soon!I came around 9:30 with my mommy after dinner and even though it was 30 minutes before close, they were so nice about seating us. There were three other parties there in addition to the two of us that looked like they had also just been seated. We were given the dessert menu and we had such trouble deciding what to order as everything looked so delicious.We indulged ourselves and ordered the Spring Strawberries (roasted California strawberries, strawberry lambic cake, strawberry preserve frozen yogurt, lemon "squares"), the ice cream and sorbet (coffee cocoa nib, rhubarb rosé sorbet, and champaign mango), and the medium hot chocolate (milk chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and a hint of caramel).The hot chocolate came out first and it was so decadent. I like my hot chocolate a little less rich but I happily shared this with my mommy. The marshmallow though is what I had really been wanting to taste and it was everything I expected. A little crunchy but gave just enough. And so so so so so delicious. Not too sweet. Or maybe it was but the hot chocolate was so sweet it didn't taste that sweet. HEH.The Spring Strawberries was SO good. The lambic cake was so, so, so delicious and the strawberry flavor came out so strongly which you often don't get. The lemon "square" was tart enough but also sweet enough. It had a slight crunchy top but so soft underneath.Lastly, the ice cream and sorbets. The potent flavor of the strawberry dish carried over to the flavors of the ice cream and sorbets. Each and every single one of the flavors we ordered were on point and so flavorful. The rhubarb was my least favorite--I always forget I am not particularly partial to rhubarb but it was by far the best rhubarb flavored thing I've had since coming back from France where my host mom used to make me fresh rhubarb jam. HEH. The coffee flavor was so potent that I actually couldn't eat too many bites as I'm not a lover of coffee. My mom, though, had no problem finishing it by herself. The champagne mango stole the show for me. It actually tasted like they had taken the a mango and magically turned it into a cold and creamy substance served in a petite bowl. IT TASTED LIKE I WAS EATING A MANGO. UGH. I can taste it still as I write about it and my taste buds are dancing.By the time we were finished, it was a little past 10 but no one in the restaurant was in a hurry to kick us out which was SO nice of them. We were the first to leave of the other three parties but it didn't seem as if they were being rushed either--in fact the servers and manager were all so pleasant, taking care to make sure that all of our needs and theirs were being met.Honestly, this experience was so positive that I'll forgive that we paid $35 for such small desserts. If I had to go anywhere for dessert ever again, I'd choose Mindy's in a heart beat. Even though it's so far away. How can anything ever measure up?Came here for my birthday tonight-- wonderful experience! I ordered the scallops and my boyfriend got the burger.  Both were delicious.  There were only three scallops on my plate, but they were humongous and cooked perfectly.  They were tender and not the slightest bit chewy-- I thought the white bean puree tasted a bit like mashed potatoes and they complemented the dish perfectly.  The olive, Clementines and mints seemed like a weird combo at first but it ended up working.  Definitely a must try dish!My boyfriend liked his burger, it's a big patty that comes with bacon and sharp cheddar.  Although burgers are generally pretty hard to mess up, he did say he's had better burgers in the area (down the street at Feast, for example).  Solid meal though. Dessert definitely stole the show.  We split a black and tan hot chocolate and got the tiramisu (they don't give complimentary birthday desserts, but they did give me a candle and write "happy birthday" on my plate!).  Total perfection.  The black and tan was a small glass with a layer of chocolate fudge sauce on the bottom and hot chocolate on top.  It is definitely the best cup of hot chocolate I've ever had. The tiramisu on the other hand, is not traditional by any means, but it is made with phyllo dough and brownies and it great! It is sweet, rich and a little crunchy. Yum. Next time I come back, I think I'll only come for dessert-- can't wait to try the banana trio!Very disappointed by the slow service and food. We ordered the duck, duck egg salad, squid, salmon, and burger - nothing was amazing. I would only come back for the hot chocolate and desserts!I walked to Mindy's and had to roll myself home. I ate everything- appetizers (cheese plate), dinner (lamb), dessert (cookies), and hot chocolate (chai-Mexican). All of it was delicious, I would definitely go back for their desserts and hot chocolates! Awesome service too ;)Really enjoyed dinner and dessert here.  Only qualms to give it a 4 instead of a 5 are the price, but that's just business, and the comfort.  The seats and tables are a tad uncomfortable.  Otherwise, I have no complaints and really enjoyed the fresh flavors and amazing desserts. We will definitely be back!I only Yelp if a restaurant had a huge impact on me. Mindy's Hot Chocolate is one of them! I just got off a red eye flight and all I wanted to do was sleep. I "food hopped" at LAX so I wasn't hungry. When I arrived in Chicago my pup wouldn't let me sleep so I took his ass out and walked with him. My work was all done and I didn't want to talk to any of my friends so I decided I wanted to go to Piece. Me time! All I wanted was a hoppy floral beer! I always walk by Mindy's Hot Chocolate but it's never open when I'm out and about, which is totally fine. I'm always down for new gems in Chicago. Long story short, this place had the best customer service I ever received. How often do you hear about a place that excels in that area? I've eaten in Europe, New York, and at Michelin Star restaurants and received subpar CS. This place only had 4 or 5 beers on tap but it didn't matter to me because I felt at ease. My waitress was a tall blonde. She could probably tell I was having a sluggish day so she always made sure my water was full and my drinking hand was working. I do regret not tipping her more but I was literally half out of it. She's the reason for my 5 stars.All and all I thank her and this new "hot" spot of mine. I wish them all the best and bravo! I can't wait to eat next time!!Of COURSE I'm the only person who goes to Hot Chocolate and doesn't get pastry.Winner of the 2012 James Beard Award for Outstanding Pastry, I had every intention of getting that Wedding Cake ala Elizabeth Falkner into my face hole. Alas, the (blurry) B.L.E.T. did me in. (yelp.com/biz_photos/mind…). Eating it, however, was no blur: smoked bacon, Iron Creek lettuce, heirloom tomatoes, over-easy egg, herb mayo, on a grilled brioche and served with veggie chips, it was delicious.Though, honestly, nothing beats that "hot" chocolate I ordered. All of their hot chocolate can be ordered over ice, and since it was a humid day, it seemed perfect. I opted for the Medium: milk chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and a hint of caramel (yelp.com/biz_photos/mind…). It was a bit lukewarm when it arrived, but the ice cooled it down. To be honest, it tasted better warm. It tasted amazing, actually. I was worried it'd be too thick and syrupy; nope. It was fantastic! Great service, beautiful restaurant.THE best. Our favorite restaurant in Chicago. Love the atmosphere, people, the food and drinks. Mindy even comes out and chats with people casually. Chill vibe, stellar service and food. Just go.Also, Friday fried chicken night is not to be missed.I wasn't super impressed. I shared my dinner and it was ok and a carrot cake dessert. Maybe I should just come next time for hot chocolate. I'd be open to coming back if I had a bigger appetite.The malted milk was the BEST dessert I have had in years!! The combination of toffee, banana, chocolate and marshmallow was amazing! I wanted to lick the plate clean!!The oreo was a little more minty than I expected but still very good!The vanilla hot chocolate was sooo sweet but the Mexican hot chocolate is my favorite!!I had a whole roasted fish with a kale salad as part of a special menu for Valentine's day. This fish was incredibly delicious, and the kale salad was great, but then I decided to polish the meal off with the mexican style hot chocolate. At such a hefty price (I think it was $6 or $7 dollars), I was expecting something refined and sophisticated, instead what I got was something that tasted like straight up Abuelita (the "Mexican Style" Nestle) Syrup. It was SO BAD. I was kind of stunned that a place named hot chocolate couldn't pull off a basic hot chocolate.ALSO...the atmosphere is not the great: the tables are very close together, so forget about having a private conversation.Mindy's gets dessert right! It is kind of a shame that you can't just get dessert here due to the $15 dollar minimum you have to pay if you do that since after the meal it actually felt like I ordered entree food just so I could eat dessert. I guess $15 isn't that bad though- enough for two desserts and a hot chocolate!Came here for my girlfriend's birthday. I had the burger and fries which had incredibly sharp cheddar- it was a bit too potent for my taste and actually overwhelmed a bit. The burger was cooked well though and the bun was incredibly soft and not very dense which was nice-it complemented instead of having its own show. Chips were nothing special.My girlfriend's scallops were small, delicate and very tasty. The scallop I ate was pierced easily with my knife. Overall a good dish.After the meal we ordered the black and tan. I think it was hot chocolate with fudge sitting on the bottom. It was warm when it came out and freakin' delicious. I felt pretty cozy drinking it after my meal and was the perfect after meal treat. Tiramisu was on the menu for dessert. Instead of soft spongy cake like a normal tiramisu, it was crispy and chewy with phyllo layers and a brownie bottom. Creative and well executed! Accompanying the dessert was a little cup filled with hot chocolate that I made sure to finish.Nice, intimate decor here. Service was a bit slow but nothing out of the ordinary. Remember to save room for dessert!Amazing desserts, helpful staff, and smooth drinks. My boy friend and I went for late night desserts and drinks. The waiter was friendly and knew his stuff. He helped us pair our desserts with whiskey. We were both blown away.  Dessert was displayed like art. Presentation and taste were equally amazing. We decided to get a hot chocolate which we paired with a bourbon. It was a smooth and enjoyable dinning experience. I loved the food, the atmosphere, and the fact that everything was made fresh and seasonally.I had been to Hot Chocolate twice in the last few years. Once, on a date and the other time with friends. I would say this place can be a little expensive if you're on a budget. The hot chocolate alone is a reason to go here. If you are looking for an expensive dinner than order something.  I recommend it solely for the hot chocolate, really. I didn't like the meals I had both times but, I am not the only person in Chicago so go and try it for yourself.Sorry- wish I could give it more stars because I had gone to this place years ago just for hot chocolate, which was great, Thought I'd return years later and try dinner here. I was very disappointed:(  ........both my friend and I were pretty agitated by the time we left, both with the quality of the entrees, the lack of service and the inflated bill.Our waiter was polite,however, a ghost for service. He pushed on the alcohol to start with (he returned 3 times in the beginning to place the wine list repeatedly in our faces) We both had a long drive to the burbs and didn't want to drink much that night.  When we only ordered one glass of wine each, he disappeared and his service was non-existent (he never came once to ask how the food was when other staff placed the plates on the table). The food? Meh. Had fried chicken for $22 that was overpriced, mostly small over-breaded drumsticks that were extremely bland. The appetizers were also very mediocre and over priced.The dessert was above average as was their hot chocolate. This place is good for dessert, but as for regular food......both my friend and I were not only frustrated at the lack of interest in waitstaff being present (we spent most of the night doing exorcist head turns trying to track him down to get his attention), and the food was really nothing great (my friend had the lamb and it was as unspectacular as they come except for the price).We left pretty aggravated as we were also charged an extra dollar above the price  listed on the menu.Have been coming to mindy's every so often, for the past year and a half. I like that they change up their menu, and am always pleasantly surprised. Their food is pretty impressive, even tho the description on the menu sounds a bit fancy. Their burger with the bacon and fried egg is 10x better than kuma's corner (yeah I said it!!). Their drinks are decent too. Their hot chocolate is neat too, although it is waaaaaayyyy too sweet. I wish I could dilute it in some soy milk so I don't feel like  gonna go into a diabetic coma after taking 2 sips. Mindy, if you are listening, the chocolate needs a little tweaking and you are golden!!!The service is good, it's the selection that is not impressive.  My friend was craving Apple pie but it's a fall dessert so we settled for a strawberry lemon dessert and a chocolate banana malt dessert that didn't hit the spot.  Will not be back but it was worth a try.This review is really only for the hot chocolate. The hot chocolates were delicious but so rich. One would have been good to share. But really, the prices were just too high. One hot chocolate was $6, and they charge $1 extra if you share it. We each spiked ours, with mixed reviews. The Mexican hot chocolate with cognac was not the best. The alcohol taste was strong and I couldn't even drink the whole thing. The half and half (half espresso half hot chocolate) with Irish whiskey was a much better combination. But I thought the price to spike was too high too. $8 for the shot and $6 for the hot cocoa so in the end $14 a piece. I would not do it again. I thought the service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly.Very busy place!Love the food and they have the worlds best hot chocolate. I got the medium & it was delicious!My friend was craving desserts so in lieu of dinner, we went to Mindy's, were seated right away on a Friday evening.Mexican hot chocolate ($6) - 4 stars. Thick & rich without being overly sweet. Liked the marshmallow. Pretty good, but I wouldn't order it again. Would rather try something else.Donuts w/caramel popcorn ($12) - 3.5 stars. Good, but I wouldn't pay $12 for it. My friend was bored by this and he's a big donut fan.Pumpkin napoleon ($12) - 3.5 stars. Fun to try, but passDespite the James Beard, my friend and I were both unimpressed.Great here if you want hot chocolate or the Mac and cheese. FOH staff needs some help getting their service tighter and on par with what is expected here in the city. Cocktail list was good, execution of said list not so good.BOH did an amazing job and we look forward to getting something delicious to go next time:)Mindy's Hot Chocolate is the perfect place to go to on a freezing Saturday night (or any other freezing night) for some hot cocoa and/or desserts.  Although for me, the hot cocoa was enough, otherwise, I would've been popping out of my pants!  I ordered the black and tan, which consisted of 1/3 hot fudge and 2/3 medium hot chocolate.  It was amazing...so rich and chocolaty that I felt like I was drinking liquid fudge.  The homemade marshmallow was the perfect addition to the hot cocoa but was delicious enough alone.  I wish I had a bowl of these marshmallows to eat! I've dined here once for dinner.  I could not remember what I ordered, so I guess it was just alright.I'd definitely be back for desserts after having dinner close-by because there's always room for something sweet!We were really excited to try out this place.  Who doesn't LOVE hot chocolate on a cold winter day in Chicago??When we arrived, we were told there would be a 90 minute wait.  Not sure what happened, but we were seated in 10 minutes!!  (Definitely a PLUS...but why such an over estimate of time??  Was it the hostesses first day?)After being seated, we immediately ordered a variety of hot chocolates for the table to sample.  Collectively, we tried the Mild, Half and Half, and Mexican.  All were AMAZING!   Sadly, the rest of the brunch was a BIG disappointment. At a table of four, NO one really liked their meal.  It was just average cuisine at best...with the Duck Hash deemed inedible due to the overpowering use of sage. Overall, I would skip this place...there are too many EXCEPTIONAL choices in the city.Who wouldn't go for a hot chocolate and dessert on a cold Windy City night? Being a girl with a major sweet tooth, I decided to venture out to Wicker Park one night and grab some dessert.The pumpkin hot chocolate was already out of season sadly so I went for the egg nog one. It was REALLY extremely overly rich and was too much for me. I think I got a mild stomach ache from it :( BUT I did really like their homemade marshmallow that they threw on top. But if you're gonna order their hot chocolate, just be warned that it is intensely thick and decadent and may bring your blood sugars over 300.I ordered the apple bread pudding which was delicious! It was a good size and I loved every bite. Would recommend it to anyone who likes bread pudding. This is definitely a trendy place to grab a drink, dinner or dessert. I didn't try any savory foods but it seems to be highly recommended. But if you already ate, this is a perfect spot to satisfy your sweet tooth.3 stars for the hot chocolate2 stars for the food and serviceI've been wanting to go to Mindy's Hot Chocolate for months and finally decided to go there for a nice Sunday night dinner. I was uber excited....sadly my excitement was short lived.The Good- Hot Chocolate (medium) was amazing and the big marshmallow that comes with it was a great touch. My dining companion has the Pumpkin Hot Chocolate and loved it.- Sea Scallops: my dining companion had these and said the dish was good. Seeing how I wasn't offered a taste I can't give my input (tears).The OK- Pretzel: we got the pretzels as an appetizer and they were delicious. Warm and soft with just the right amount of salt. The cheese dipping sauce was just OK.- Apple brioche bread pudding: I love bread pudding and from reading the description on the menu I thought this was going to be AMAZING. Turns out it was just OK. I found myself wishing I had gotten a second cup of hot chocolate instead of the dessert.The Bad- Duck breast: I got the Duck breast as my entree and I was disappointed. It was dry and chewy. This dish would have been much better if there was some type of sauce on the duck or even on the side.The Ugly- Service: I hate to be mean, but the service we received ranks in the top 5 of "what the hell" service I've experience during my years of living in Chicago. The waiter tended to hover over us when we first hot seated wanting us to place our orders before we had sufficient time to review the menu. Once our order was places the waiter disappeared on us as if we were the IRS looking to review his tax return from 2012. It got really ugly when he brought us the dessert menu and wanted to know if we wanted anything, we had inform him that we had yet to receive our entrees. He looked confused and then embarrassed. He disappeared for 2 minutes and came back with our food....which I'm guessing had been sitting in the back lonely waiting to be eaten for 7-10 minutes.*Typing this up on my phone so excuse any errors...AKA I didn't feel like proofreading*So holy crappola! I just realized I've never written a review for this place! This is definitely a must-go restaurant destination whether you are a Chicagoan or just passing through. I took my friends visiting me from the City of Angels here Wednesday night for dessert and I'll never forget the looks on their faces when the waitress set down our dishes in front of us. Fact of the matter is, like most trendy dining in Chicago, Mindy's sets out to impress. There food is delicious, presentation impeccable, atmosphere is energetic and fun, and this place is never not packed to the brim - EVER! (SO MAKE A RESERVATION IN ADVANCE IF YOU CAN'T HANDLE A LITTLE WAIT!) Some of my fav dishes:Pretzel app - b/c who the hell are you if you don't like a warm fresh pretzel, some amazing, melty, fondue style cheese, and mustard to start off a great meal!Burgers. Any of them. Truly. THEY ARE AMAZING.Mac and Cheese b/c again: who the hell doesn't like some amazing gourmet, but still reminds you of home/comfort food, Mac and cheese!?Chocolate Tart. Salted caramel, peanut butter ice cream, chocolate bliss.MEXICAN HOT CHOCOLATE - a must try. So yummy and flavorful but I am sure ALL their hot chocolate is amazing. I was surprised that it wasn't overly rich or too thick in texture. It's just plain epicness. Best part? Have them split one between you and your date - more than enough for both of you and they give you an extra marshmallow - which are amazing on their own!Final Verdict:You're going to have a great time, amazing food, AMAZABALLZ DESSERTS, decent - but usually slow on the uptake - service, in a vibrant, trendy, upbeat and fun restaurant! A must try!I came here once for dinner with my boyfriend and I absolutely loved it. It was during the summer so we sat in front by the open windows. The hot chocolate with the giant marshmallow was to die for. I'm actually having my birthday brunch here next month! Love this place :)Too good. We got the Mexican hot chocolate and not only was it nice and thick and delicious, the marshmallow that came with it was great too (who knew I'd be writing about marshmallows).My friend and I also went a little dessert crazy and got the banana in three and the doughnuts. Both were fantastic. But the banana in three was definitely a great success--the pudding, the wafers, and the cake sandwich were all great. But what really topped it was the banana sherbert. I would go back and just order a whole serving of this sherbert. It also makes me curious of how delicious the other sorbet and ice cream flavors must be! SO glad I got to venture here. Hopefully will be back sometime soon!I really like this place. I visited this restaurant for breakfast and everything was so fresh. I made some special requests that they did not offer on the menu, and they accommodated me no problem. I visited them for dinner as well, and again.. it was great. Their prices are a bit on the high side, but really good. I had their celery soup & scallops and they were amazing. I was taken back a bit when I asked for bread with my dinner and they charged me for it. Parking is really easy on the street. Must try at lest one time. You will be glad you did.The Pork Belly Salad is an appetizer for one - NOT a lunch entree!! The equivalent size of pork belly was a small piece of bacon.  The leaves were a small pile of maybe 10.  The server told me it was "light" -that's an understatement.  It's almost Nonexistant.The Smoked Chicken Salad was yummy and more substantial.The vegan tomato soup was excellent.I'll start with the traditional, "I had high hopes for this place but..." - and you know where I'm going with this.Brunch salads included one scoop (portions equivalent of a small ice cream scoop) of egg salad and one of chicken salad with a side of lettuce and pita chips. $12? Really? Salads were decent at best and it was just lettuce and chips. I'm a fan of tapas but this isn't tapas.I had to order another item because that didn't even put a dent in my hunger so I ordered the biscuits and gravy. $13 dollars for ONE small biscuit in a not-so-generous portion of gravy. This order would have been pretty good if it didn't come out cold. Which made me think, how can this dish be cold already if I ordered it completely separate from our main order? There was no wait to bring it to our table as I saw our waitress pick it up from the kitchen window when it was placed for pickup. Not made to order?What saved this place from one star was actually the hot chocolate. Very rich and sweet but on a cold day it was just what I needed.Sorry guys, this is a place that tries too hard and delivers short. Our bill was $76 for 3 plates and two drinks and we still left hungry. Brunch isn't a meal that should leave you hungry. After reading many reviews, I feel people rate this place high because the price/portions ratio dictates it's quality food - it's not. Try elsewhere.I love Mindy's Hot Chocolate. They have delicious everything on their menus, but I particularly enjoy brunch. Their brunch menu doesn't veer off too far from the classics, but all are done very well and in a healthy manner. Personally, the hot chocolate is too much for me. Having one sip is enough, but others definitely enjoy its richness. The desserts and cookies are also great here. I would buy a tray to go even!Meh. The only reason I gave this place three stars was because of the mediocre quality of the food. The rest of the experience was...meh. I'll start with the positives. Carrot and ginger soup was awesome. Not worth $8 for 1/2 cup of it, but I'll get to that later. My friends' burgers were above average, for sure. I don't eat many of burgers in my life, but when I do, I want them to be amazing, This is definitely a place I will think of when I decide to get my next burger. It will absolutely be ordered to-go, though. Again, I'll get to that later. The final positive was the cake squared and shake dessert that we got. Great taste, perfect portions for such a rich dish, and a good sampling of multiple different treats. They also wrote a nice "happy birthday" message on the plate for my friend. Super sweet! =)Now for the negatives. Oh, the negatives. Our server was terrible. Seriously - one of the worst I've ever had. To be fair, I know that I can be quite annoying as a diner with all of my questions. Honestly, though, I'm not a b**** about my questions. I'm genuinely interested in knowing about many dishes - even the ones I don't want to order. Sorry, it's kind of part of your job to answer questions. Also, yes, I want my salad dressing on the side. Always. Sorry if that offends you or the chef or your mother...but it's personal preference and not that hard of a request to fulfill. I will give just one example of the snark we endured the whole night. I asked about the carrot and ginger soup and if it was "creamy" (mind you, this is probably my fifth question in the whole time we're ordering...I know...annoying to some). He responded "well, it's vegan, so it couldn't have cream, now could it?" My friends and I sat stunned. He smirked, said "cheers" (for the first of 17 times that night) and walked away. OK. I was a server for years and that never would have been stood for. Maybe pretentious Wicker Park establishments are different, but I would hope not. I wish I could remember this server's name, but I can't. Bald man...that's all I know. Last negative was the price. I alluded to this before - I don't think that the quality of food in the portions we were served warranted the price tag. Just my opinion, though. All in all, I may order take-out from Hot Chocolate in the future, but with all the other amazing places within walking distance, I most likely will not.My boyfriend & I came here for dessert while we were in town visiting from LA. It was snowing that night, so their hot chocolate definitely hit the spot. BF got the Black & Tan hot chocolate, & I got the espresso one. Both were delicious! Their homemade marshmallow made everything even better. We also ordered the chocolate soufflé and salted caramel ice cream--definitely my favorite part of the night! I really wish we could have tried their entrées, but we were still full from dinner. Everyone around us seemed to be enjoying their food, though.Overall, the ambiance was awesome, the desserts were amazing, and service was friendly. Our waiter was alriiiight, but not rude--just did the bare minimum. The hostess, however, was so sweet as she asked if we wanted to keep our shopping bags at the front so they wouldn't be in the way. Next time we're in Chicago, we'll definitely be coming back here for dinner AND dessert!Wait? What?! This must be a yelp error, how could I have never written a review to one of my favorite Chicago restaurants that I've been to at least a half a dozen times already. Must have been all that amazing hot chocolate that goes to my head. Where do I begin?! The place is super adorable, perfect for a date night, perfect for a girls night out, perfect to grab something for yourself individually to go, it's pretty perfect all around. I just love the atmosphere, but mostly I'd recommend it for a nice date night with one of those cute tables with a rounded mirror behind you. They do have a nice like 8-10 people semi private table in the back which I have reserved in the past for a private all girl birthday brunch which I loved since it was not nearly as loud as everywhere else. In fact, that's the only reason they don't get the full 5 stars, is that it's almost always a little overly noisy for me which could kinda ruin that perfect date night atmosphere, but their hot chocolate will NOT stop me from coming back. Okay, so the atmosphere is super adorable, now onto their service. I've never had bad service here, never a mistake, everything brought out in a timely manner and always good recommendations from the servers, definitely an A+ there. Now onto the food, which I don't know where to start, anything from my favorite brunch buttermilk pancake that's the size of the plate topped with seasonal fruits (and yes, I can finish it all by myself) to their amazing burger that's both on the brunch and dinner menu that is served with house made chips and adorable mini sized ketchup and mustard, (total cuteness factor right there) to their amazing mussels that my husband says is the best he's ever had. I've never had a bad dish there and those are just their entrees. Let's get into the important category, their incredible desserts. Once again, never had anything I didn't like, and they constantly change minus their little donuts, and they always have seasonal items and if it's your birthday or other special occasion they will definitely decorate it to the t. There's something about Mindy's Hot Chocolate that makes you feel special, every time I go here. Literally try any of their desserts and although nothing is super cheap here, it is worth every penny because you can tell that they put in a lot of effort and creativity into their work.Last but not least, the whole point of coming here is to try their hot chocolate, I've gotten all my girls hooked onto this part. My personal favorite is the medium hot chocolate (that can be made iced) with their ridiculous (in a good way) home made marshmallow. I could eat a whole bag of those if they supplied them, you will never look at another marshmallow the same way again. But once again, all their hot chocolates whether dark or mexican or half and half, are all amazing! Truly the best in Chicago. I know for a to go option they can even split the hot chocolate for you as a sharing option if having a whole cup to yourself is too decadent for you. But let's be real here, when I come here, there's no sharing, it's all about me and that Chocolate. I will be back and back and back again.This place is excellent. Good service, great food, and amazing hot chocolate. They also had great music. I will definitely be going back again.I'll keep it short: I stumbled upon this place, had a hot chocolate a month ago, and haven't stopped talking about this place since. It was delicious, the atmosphere warm, good service, and it's clearly made an impression. I'm not the only one either- this place has popped up on a few foodie lists and blogs in the last month too...get in and get a drink here before you have to wait two hours when this place undoubtedly becomes an even bigger hot spot! Bottom line: Go, obviously. Maybe the food is great too- but don't leave without having some hot chocolate!My boyfriend and I went and got the Mexican hot chocolate and the caramel brulee hot chocolate! Both were delicious. Also I would suggest the peanut butter cup dessert. :)From drinks to entrees to deserts, I've never had anything here that wasn't excellent.  The servers do a great job explaining the menu and why using small, independent farms is so important.  My husband always gets the burger and I start with the beet salad.  Just be sure to save room for desert, if you can.This is one of many reasons I love Yelp!! I found this place randomly and after having a not so great meal I suggested we try this place out and see if it lives up to it's hype. Boy this place ended up being GREAT! It was a small, cool and casual place with good music that wasn't blaring and a very cool vibe.First off let's start with their hot chocolate. It's was amazing and HIGHLY ADDICTIVE, it's very rich as if they melted Hersheys chocolate into a cup for you. Then we had a slice of the Wedding Cake, it was very thin but very amazing at the same time. We also ordered the tart with salted caramel which I highly recommend. It was our first time but definately not our last, we will be going back for more. The only thing that kept me from rating this place 5 stars were the very very tiny desert portions for $12.So it's Friday night - the 1st weekend of 2014.  It's 15 degrees out, but feels much colder with the wind chill and there's probably about 8 inches of slushed up muddy snow on the ground.  Pretty miserable, and I'm pretty tolerant when it comes to winter.  So a perfect night for good comfort food, and I don't think there's many places that do comfort food better than Hot Chocolate.  Thankfully, they had an 8pm rezzie and with a freshly opened Alacard deck for $10 off, it was a no-brainer...Oh, and we find out when we get there that Friday night is Fried Chicken night...double bonus!For an app - we got the Pretzel with Carr Valley Pepper Jack - pretty simple - solid pretzel, served piping hot and fresh with a Carr Valley pepper jack sauce that had great consistency.  Carr Valley cheeses are always solid, and the pair was a great match.  The pretzel a bit heavy on the salt, but I'm the type that usually dusts off a decent amount of my pretzel salt anyways.Perfectly cooked, but a bit heavily battered, resulting in a bit of an oily texture.  Good crunch, nothing groundbreaking, and not on par with Parson's or Honey Butter (just as the desserts at those places don't hold up to what Mindy Segal does here).  The potato salad was pretty good - they use avocado which adds a nice light smoothness to it.The crab cake sandwich was also pretty impressive.  Great texture - good mix of crab and binder with a perfect lemony undertone.  Anyways, we were gettin' pretty full at this point....but it's Hot Chocolate.  For those of you who don't know, in terms of dessert - there's probably no place in Chicago that's more highly acclaimed.  Chef Mindy Segal won the 2012 James Beard Award for "Best Pastry Chef in America" after being nominated for the award 5 years in a row (I just looked this up, my knowledge of this stuff isn't that great but I knew she had a pretty impressive CV in terms of pastry.  So we had to order dessert...For dessert, we got the "Banana 3 ways" which consisted of a banana coffee cake sandwich, a banana icebox cake topped with chocolate sorbet and a cocoa nib-coated nilla wafer, and a banana brioche bread pudding slathered in some banana sherbet.  Dot the plate with some caramel sauce and some glazed banana slices and we've got a winner!  A great mix of textures and a great richness that wasn't overpowering.  Add a cup of hot chocolate on the side and you've got a perfect way to end a meal before going back into the cold, bitter outdoors....All this place needs is a fireplace - it really is comfort food really well done - prepare for a good dose of rich, reasonably heavy food, which will make it hard to pace yourself for dessert.  (Some things on the menu that we didn't get - mac and cheese, pork belly 'salad', beef bourguignon, and a whole roasted sea bass)  But save some room (heck, that's their motto).  eatinginchicago2014.word…[Review of desserts only. NOTE: For dessert-only reservations there is a $15/person minimum. That is easily covered by a single dessert plate (all $13) and coffee/drink. ]RAVE. People do not talk about Mindy's; they RAVE about it. Like ecstasy-laced, West Loop-warehouse in the 90s, dance til 5am RAVE about this place. I, however, am not entirely sold. Make no mistakes: it's really good. The fact that you can make reservations for dessert only is a pretty clear indicator of the place they want to occupy, and they attack desserts with relish, but it never achieved the mythical status that is so frequently suggested.These are some of the heaviest desserts I've ever sampled. Good heavy. But like a good weight lifter, make sure you stretch and warm up before hand. I've had the dark chocolate hot chocolate, the chai hot chocolate, the cookie plate, and the carrot cake. The hot chocolates are work. They're large 16 oz cups of impeccable quality chocolate and heavy cream. Despite how good it is, the richness means that half a cup leaves one more than filled. These were truly unique and brilliant desserts unto themselves; I only wish they offered some sort of Hot Chocolate flight to sample them all. The other desserts were good but didn't stimulate the senses as the hot chocolates did. They're exceptionally well plated, and quite good tasting, but lack the knock-out punch of the hot chocolates.Service is excellent. Ambiance is exceptional (especially if you're a dork that likes to just stare at their open kitchen). And the main courses others were eating LOOKED quite good. But through no fault of its own, the hype machine got a little ahead of itself.Oh my gosh, I can't believe I finally ate here!! It's been on my restaurants to eat at list for probably over 3 years. So I met my friend Emily there for dinner/dessert, and this time I made a point to not eat too much dinner so I could actually have room for dessert! We split the mac and cheese as an appetizer, and it was so cheesy and delicious. Then we split a crab cake sandwich, and it was pretty tasty, too! Finally, the best part of the meal. Of course we each ordered a medium hot chocolate, and then we also split the pumpkin cheesecake. The hot chocolate had some caramel and a bit of dark chocolate mixed in it, and to me it was the perfect chocolate taste. Sometimes it can be too light or milky tasting, but this was soooo drinkably good. Plus, the big, puffy marshmallow was melting into the chocolate and I was scooping it up as fast as I could... mmm... As for the pumpkin cheesecake, it was really good, but we were getting so full that it was hard to eat that over drinking the hot chocolate!Been here twice.  Gonna go more.Dessert is amazing and it's hard to choose just one thing.  Last time, I had some pumpkin cheesecake that was incredible.  I suspect they're all like that. I haven't had any main dishes because the entrees look overpriced and not that interesting.  However, GET THE BURGER.  I was freaked out by how impressed I was by a burger, but it's that good. Super noms. Nom-scale is off the charts.Also, it was way less girly than I thought a place called "Hot Chocolate" would be.  I was expecting this place to be bursting at the seams with estrogen, but the decor, cocktails, and staff actually weren't particularly feminine. So, that was cool too I guess.Horrifyingly bad service. As if the staff had a meeting to discuss, and agree upon, how it would be possible to give the worst service, ever. Each individual service person either ignored us entirely, or went out of his/her way to make us feel uncomfortable. I'm 50 years old, and have probably been to 10,000 restaurants/bars in my life, and I have never seen a staff less suited for jobs/careers in a service industry in my life. Honestly, take a step back and think about whether or not you're a business that suits you.Nice place. There is a long wait so make a reservation or come early. Came here for dinner. They don't have many vegetarian options so keep that in mind if you don't eat meat. I had their daily soup. The Tomato bisque was a little salty but still tasted good. Had a side of Steamed Mussels. Nicely prepared and wasn't overcooked. They were cleaned well and seasoned well too. Had the hamburger with a sunny side egg. The burger was thick, juicy, and nicely cooked Medium. Bun was nicely toasted.For dessert - got the Black and Tan - 1/3 hot fudge, 2/3 hot chocolate. It was rich, thick and very decadent. Comes with a nice home made marshmallow which adds to the creamy flavor.Took a cookie tray sampler home too :)I don't know how I just spent 70 dollars here.Well, let's start from the beginning.When you walk in, let your pupils dilate so you can actually see things. Or else, you'll be like me, walking around blindly, knocking off people's purses and coats from their chairs, and generally just looking like a fool. You'd think with 8 dollar hot chocolates that they could afford to power the lighting in this place.My date and I shared 3 starters. The menu is constantly changing so these options might not be available to you when you visit:- Foie Gras Mousse - I've had a bad experience with foie gras before so I was hesitant to try it. However, their mousse had great flavor without having the too-soft-almost-oily texture I had in my previous foie gras adventure- Mac and Cheese - Really? That was it? People hyped up the mac and cheese a big too much for me so I was left disappointed. Not only that, I'm not really a big fan of mac and cheese so I think it's even harder to impress me.- Scallops - Best part of the night, in my opinion. The scallop was perfectly cooked with a little bit of carmelization on the outside but oh so soft on the inside. It was served over something that felt like a corn risotto and the pesto+bacon bits+greens made for a perfect bite.Afterwards, we ended up ordering way too much dessert. We each got a hot chocolate (which has the best marshmallow I've ever had. Seriously. It's almost like the marshmallow is in a state between marshmallow and powder so it dissolves super quick but not too quick. Just check it out), a chocolate cake with chocolate cake ice cream and chocolate mousse, and cocoa nib ice cream. Suffice it to say, I had too much chocolate and now I don't plan on eating any chocolate for the rest of 2013. But all the desserts had a ton of flavors and textures that I didn't know were possible with chocolate. Just make sure you do a better job of moderating your chocolate intake than I did.It'll burn a hole in your wallet, but this place is a must try for those who love chocolate. And scallops. And marshmallows.Worst service ever . 20 minute to being the check and another 20 to take it.  Desert menu is way overrated.  One star at the mostThere are so many other things I'd rather do than to pay a lot of money to go out to a nice restaurant and get treated like absolute sh*t.Here is an outline of our night:1. Sat at our table and waited for a good 10 minutes (on a Wednesday night)- which was fine... it's always good to have enough time to read the entire menu 3 or 4 times and have your entire meal planned out before your server even greets you.2. Ordered dessert and 2 glasses of the same wine. Our dessert came out first before our wine , which was a little weird. The wine came about 10 minutes later...3. A person, who was not the server, served us the wine... in two very small glasses. He explained that they didn't have enough wine to give us 2 full glasses, so they split the glass of wine in half and served us each half so (and I quote) "which you guys are winning because we're only charging you for one glass"Okay, let's pause here for a second. First, we ordered 2 glasses of wine, not 1. Second, why the hell didn't you offer us another option (i.e. "oh, we're out of this wine, did you want to order another glass... here, I suggest this kind of wine, it's very similar...). Third, don't tell me what to think. Fourth, we're not winning, you're literally serving us less than we ordered. Fifth, don't tell the customer that they are winning when they are quite clearly not. Sixth, WHY THE HELL DO WE HAVE TO SPLIT ONE GLASS OF WINE? (Okay, so I like my wine).4. When we were finished, the server came to ask us how the dessert was and to give us the bill. I said I was disappointed we were forced to share a glass of wine. She said "well I'm not stopping you from ordering more."Okay, let's pause again. We would have spent a lot more money on our bill had you have the courtesy to ask. I'm not asking for our meal to be free or anything... but if there is an inconvenience - you make it right! And then the customer goes away happy, and then contemplates coming again.Seriously, splitting our glass of wine was like 2 people ordering a meal, then  running out of an ingredient and the server making the decision that both of you should share the meal and only get charged for that one entree. THAT'S NOT A GOOD DEAL.We literally started our meal saying "oh, we should come back for dinner." Mindy's Hot Chocolate - you've now been blacklisted. The only positive is that the ambiance is nice. Oh, and the dessert was pretty good. But if I'm dropping $30 for a single glass of wine and a chocolate dessert, I can go elsewhere and get treated MUCH NICER.So clearly in four years, my sweet tooth has grown back and made babies (gives a new meaning to "party in your month"!!!!)Obviously, everything is perfect here. I tend to stay away from chocolate desserts (just because there are good ones available everywhere, and I want something unique) but what I want to talk about is a drink: the old fashioned.Old news, the "old" fashioned. Not here, bourbon lovers. The mixologist does magic; out with sugar, in with ice wine. More specifically, Montbazillac, a luscious sweet white wine produced in Southwestern France (in Dordogne for the geeks who want to know) and that is traditionally consumed with foie gras.The result is spectacular, subtle, smooth, better than the original?! I'd go ahead and say so!I really encourage you to booze up your dessert next time you stop by Mindy's.Hostess was extremely rude, but our server was very, very nice. Came here with a couple girls to order desserts. We ordered the donuts, souffle, and pumpkin cheesecake. Desserts came out after 32 minutes, which was really annoying and seemed like a long time for desserts. Were we forgotten? Overall, the donuts were amazing but we were dissapointed in the chocolate souffle tart, it was definitely burnt and when we told our server he said "a lot of people feel that way about it". Luckily, he was nice enough to comp it, but if a lot of people feel that way, shouldn't they fix it?$12 a pop for little desserts is also a little ridiculous but meh, the desserts were really good.Came here on a weeknight around 6:30 which was great timing considering it got busy about 30mins after we were seated. Started off with their Mac & cheese which had to be one of the best Mac & cheese that I've ever had. Had their cheese burger with a fried egg on it and it was delicious! For dessert I ordered the Black and Tan hot chocolate which had fudge on the bottom. It was delicious but way to sweet! I loved the homemade marshmallow which i thought was cute. I want to try the chai hot chocolate and Mexican hot chocolate next time! Overall great ambiance and great tasting food! Wouldn't mind coming back at least once or twice a month.This place is great for brunch.  Make sure to treat yourself to a hot chocolate - my favorite is the milk chocolate one.  It comes with homemade marshmallow which just melts in your mouth.  They had a seasonal pumpkin one when I was there which was also to die for!As an avid HGTV viewer I saw an episode in Chicago where the home-buyer went to Mindy's Hot Chocolate. This lead to me look them up on Yelp and my reservation for the following week!I came here in the early afternoon on black Friday. It was almost to capacity when we were promptly seated and almost empty when we left. I ordered the cured salmon bagel sandwich, "A sandwich made with cured salmon, a house-made sesame bagel, whipped chive cream cheese, local cucumber and shaved red onion served with a local beet and dill crème fraiche salad." ($14). It was delicious, fresh, and the perfect serving size. My dining companion ordered the crab cake, "New England" crab cake, Werp Farms' Bibb lettuce, and house-made roasted giardiniera tartar sauce on a house buttered bun served with house-made chips." ($15) The two bites I tried were delicious as well. The chips were salted to perfection. For dessert I ordered the Mexican hot chocolate (2/3 dark chocolate, 1/3 milk, fresh cinnamon and cayenne, $6). The size is deceiving. I thought I would be able to drink it all but it's very rich. It was the best hot chocolate I've ever had! There are multiple bus routes that run near by and it's very closed to the Damen blue line stop.Went for Brunch on a Saturday, because the wait at Toast was too long. I had Pork belly Hash and a coffee press, my girlfriend had the 2 eggs any style with a Bellini.The portions were small, my Hash was bland and with way too much butter, my coffee was awful-another bad coffee restaurant! My girlfriends house potatoes were totally boring and unseasoned the patties were tasteless McDonalds style, and the Bellini was so nothing it is pointless mentioning it. The service was fine until it took for ever to pay! the meal cost $48 including tip and it was worth half that. We will never go back. The people eating were all Wicker park types in yoga wear, checked shirts and cargo shorts and the food reflected them perfectly-bland and stupid. Pay the same and go to Lula where brunch is really good and you are surrounded by happy people being served well with wonderful food.Went here on a thursday. It was surprisingly dead, but that makes me happy bc then the staff can focus on my happiness. Evert time I drove by this place it was always packed! In any case, great service. The food was okay, didn't really stand out to me. I feel like the dessert was the best. I will most likely come back for dessert only next time and maybe a nightcap.I finally got to try Mindy's Hot Chocolate. What a great spot! I absolutely love it here. I went here with 2 of my friends for brunch. I was running late but thankfully one of my friends was already there so she was able to put our names down on the waiting list. The place was packed which made sense because it was brunch time (around 12:00noon). By the time I arrived, I only waited for 5 minutes before we were all seated. On to the FOOD: I ordered the '2 Eggs any way' which I got scrambled. The eggs came with potatoes, sausages, and toast with a side of the most creamiest butter. Mouth watering dish. I loved my choice. The sausages had a tang bit of extra saltiness to it but nothing too bad. I was sooooo full after this amazing meal. What a steal for only $10. My friend ordered the waffles which was so delicious. Soft and tasty, as waffles should be. She felt like she was somewhere in Europe eating as Europeans do - rich and whole/fresh foods. The waffles were topped with bananas and cream. My other friend got the Quiche which came with a small side of greens (salad). I tasted a little bit of it and oh my, AH-MAY-ZING!!! You really have to go there to try this for yourself. My friend who ordered the waffles also ordered a hot chocolate drink which came with a marshmallow. I got a sip of it and it was all I wanted and more. Definitely some real and whole milk in the mixture. Hot and perfect for a winters day.The only reason I gave this a 4/5 rating was that the sausages were a bit too salty. Also, my friend's and I were seated at the back table which was a sharing table that was right behind the kitchen. So 3 other people came later to sit at that table. We didn't really have 'privacy' so to speak but in the end, it was fine. The table was somewhat big plus the group at the table was able to take a picture for my friends and I. I will definitely be back here soon!I've been here a few times for dinner and dessert, and while I've always enjoyed myself, I've never been blown away. The Mac and cheese is quite good, and the appetizers are all pretty good. The hot chocolate (which can also be bought to-go) is good, but definitely overpriced. It's $7 before tip and tax. We recently ordered a dark hot chocolate to go, and he made it in literally a minute. We were shocked by how fast it was. Now, I know we should be happy that we got our drink so quickly, but we were expecting it to take a little more effort for the price! It was good, but it wasn't that hot. I do enjoy the Mexican hot chocolate though, even though I feel like I can't have dessert for a week afterwards.If you're in the area and there isn't too long of a wait, I would recommend swinging by, but otherwise, there are better options nearby for much less.The and house-made marshmallows we're all that I expected and more. Had the cheese burger and chips . I enjoyed the taste very much however I was not a fan of the burger meat it was kind of dry.  I LIKED that the bacon was crunchy NOT greasy and limp. I would definitely go back for the hot chocolate and marshmallows.If only I can give this place a 3.5 or 3.75...they have good drinks, but they're all on the sweeter side for me.  The hot chocolate is rich and comes with their house made marshmallows, which are amazing.  The hot chocolate itself is a little bit too sweet though and I wish it was a more subtle sweetness, but I think that's just personal preference.  I hear their sandwiches are good, so I'll have to update this review when I can go back to try them!The ambiance is nice and perfect for date night or girl's night.  Dark lighting with candles and average noise level.  Worth trying for sure!Oh. My godThis place was amazing. The atmosphere was really cool, and it's right in the Wicker Park area, which is a really fun area to explore in itself. Me and a friend only went there for dessert, and were a bit skeptical about the price, but we heard great things and wanted to see for ourselves. We ordered the mint fudge nougat item for $12, ( we split it) but I honestly could have ate the whole thing myself. The portion was good for one hungry person, I would say. It was delicious. We ate in silence because it was THAT good.I would definitely recommend coming here. Can't say much about the actual food or drink items though. I'm sure they're great too.How our group of 5 had fun at Mindy's Hot Chocolate. Start with a drink. Good Lookin' Bird. Fruity and refreshing. Share some appetizers. Cheese Board/Mac N Cheese/Ratatouille.Forgettable except for the Mac N Cheese, probably the best restaurant M&C I've ever had. Enjoy a main course (or split it with a friend).  Hamburger and Lamb (split with the fabulous Ericka A). Delicious, I love the presentation of the Hamburger with small little "paint bottles" of ketchup and mustard. The lamb was very good too. Enough food served that I brought home leftovers.Have another drink.  A nice red wine suggested by our server and it kills me that I can't remember the name because it was served chilled and it was spectacular.  I asked him what would complement our main courses and the wine he suggested was spot on. Enjoy dessert.  Doughnuts. Very Good. But honestly, I've made doughnuts at home that tasted pretty much the same. So I was a little disappointed that it wasn't something more spectacular.Save for next time. When Chicago is not undergoing a massive heat wave--the Hot Chocolate.  I'd like to come back to try one of their hot chocolate creations. Hostess, Bartenders and Servers were wonderful.  Great Wine and cocktail list. Meals easily shared with the table. Lovely setting. Fun times.DESCRIPTION:Such an adorable restaurant for our first morning in Chicago. If I were to go to back with my family, my mom and sister would love this place. As pretty and delicate on the inside - dried lavender in mounted vases against the brick and wood walls - as every dish was. I hear they have awesome fried chicken for dinner, but I was super happy we went for brunch. FOOD HIGHLIGHTS:Hot Chocolate - If the item is in the name of the restaurant, you gotta get it. They have a menu of around ten different kinds, but I got the Medium which is their most popular. Homemade, massive marshmallow cloud floating on the top of a pond of milky chocolate goodness.Donuts - Cinnamon sugar donut holes that were the size of my fist. EHHH:Ham Stratta - Everything in the description sounded divine - smoked cheddar, tomato & herb sauce, egg custard - but was overly wet and eggy for me. Too bad it was better on paper and in pictures (below) than in the mouth.So sad. I have been going to Hot Chocolate for years...way back when you didn't have to wait 45 minutes for a table to get some of their delicious hot chocolate. But, ever since Mindy Segal won the James Beard Award, they have stopped caring about their long-standing customers. We made reservations on Saturday night at 9:30 for dessert while my mom was in town. She had never been and I was so excited to have her try their hot chocolate. We arrived a few minutes early, but still had to wait about 20 minutes for our table. Ok, it's a Saturday night, it happens. No harm done there, except the hostess said to us, 'Yeah we have a couple of stragglers that just will not leave..." Which I thought was a but unprofessional to say to a guest. We sat down intending to order hot chocolate and desserts. We ordered our hot chocolate and needed a few more minutes to pick a dessert, which the waiter seemed incredibly annoyed with. A runner brought our hot chocolates and we were ignored until they were halfway gone. At that point, we were no longer in the mood for dessert. Our waiter finally came over and asked about dessert and we told him we were ready for our check. Mind you we had been seated for maybe 15 minutes at this point. He walked away and came back to inform us that since we had a reservation, there was a $15 minimum per person (there were 3 of us, so $45 total). He mentioned that it was listed on the web site and Open Table, which we missed. Obviously, our fault and we asked for a few minutes to pick something with the intention of just bringing it home to eat the next day. Again...we were ignored for about 10 minutes. He finally came over to take our order, but before we could even get the words, 'but, could we have that to go?" he ran off. So, when the aforementioned hostess walked by, we stopped her and explained that we would like to have the order to go. She immediately snapped, 'We don't do to go." Um, what? Are patrons just forced to eat everything they order or leave it behind? That was the oddest (and rudest) response I have ever heard. It seems to me that Hot Chocolate is trying to move away from what made them popular in the first place and start to push patrons toward dinner and drinks, of which, I am sure are the real money makers. A suggestion - maybe change your name so those of us that are coming in for dessert aren't met with a rude surprise. I will miss Hot Chocolate, but happy to try some other area businesses that are humbled by and grateful for their customers.My second time in this restaurant, the hot chocolate is  good , I got a shrimp salad it was not what I was looking forward to the lettuce was not shopped the shrimp was burned and to make things worse I walked out of there with an upset stomach ,today is the second day of running to the bathroom, I have never been this sick not even when I get stomach flu!I originally went to Hot Chocolate for the dessert, as one might expect, but stayed for an entree + dessert and was pleasantly surprised. The entrees were pretty good - I think I just got a burger though...nothing fancy. For dessert I had the donuts and found them to be too doughy...but that's a matter of personal preference, you understand. The ambiance was really nice, though I found some of the seating near the front to be kind of awkward - we had to lean a bit too far forward and share a smallish table during the meal. Overall it's a good spot that happened to provide me with an "O.K." experience but I would go back and try one of the fancier entrees...at a real table.I've now been here for brunch, dinner and now post-dinner desserts and every time - amazing!! Great for hosting out-of-town guests or a small birthday dinner. The panna cota and chocolate soufflé with salted caramel ice cream are stand outs but honestly everything is outstanding.Actually, I am not a fan.How is this possible? I live on chocolate. I could breathe chocolate. I dream chocolate. But unfortunately, not a fan of Mindys Hot Chocolate.We stopped by on a Friday night just for dessert. There were plenty of open tables but we still had to wait a good 30 minutes. We just wanted some hot chocolate and dessert, but our waiter was a bit rude and didn't give us much attention when we said we just wanted dessert. The hot chocolate came out lukewarm and not hot, which was not impressive. My dessert was good but not amazing. Perhaps the food here is better, but I don't think I will come back.Terrific experience.  Great food and great staff.  Great burger.  While I usually don't like the thicker burgers, it's usually because they're too hard to cook right, but they definitely know how to cook a thick burger Mindy's and top it off with the right toppings.  We also loved the unique but accessible appetizers and desserts.  I had the Mexican hot chocolate which was delicious.This review is for dessert only. I have never tried the savory dishes at Hot Chocolate, so I can't speak to their quality.But those desserts! Pastry is one of my passions, so I am not easily impressed when it comes to dessert. However, the desserts here are among the best I've had in Chicago.I've had the chocolate souffled tart (twice), black and tan hot chocolate, and the milk chocolate plated dessert. All were very good to excellent. I especially adore the salted caramel ice cream that comes with the chocolate souffled tart. Mindy Segal needs to open an ice cream-only parlor. She definitely has the chops.The reason that Hot Chocolate is getting 4 and not 5 stars from me is because I am so tough on dessert. The first time I ordered the chocolate souffled tart it came just slightly overcooked. Luckily it still came together with the ice cream and caramel sauce to provide moisture, and it was cooked perfectly on my next visit. However, on that visit it was a 4 star dessert. So my rating is 4 stars with potential to move up to 5 if subsequent visits prove that the first tart was an aberration.Great atmosphere, great wait staff. Very attentive without being pushy, needy, or just annoying. Our waiter (his name escapes me, but his wife has a peanut allergy) was wonderful. Fielded my questions on nut allergy-friendly desserts and made suggestions. Made us feel like we were his only table. He's fantastic. And the bartender (?) Jimmy was very friendly and helpful as well.The prices are a little higher than I'd usually spend on dessert, but it's a treat and well worth it. Very pleasant night thanks to this place. Will definitely go back, even if it's just on the go for some hot chocolate!One thing that really bugs me is places that won't seat you until your entire party has arrived. I would have spent more money here if I had been able to order drinks and such prior to the rest of my party showing up. But that's fine, more money in my pocket. Brunch was good, but not great. The donuts were yummy and the bellinis were perfect. The french toast was mediocre, as was the sausage. The potatoes we probably the best part. I feel like this place is really overrated. It just doesn't live up to the hype. I've heard of people waiting weeks to get a reservation here. I've gone by and seen people waiting in a line outside to eat here. There are plenty of other places to go for brunch in the city. After going here, I'm not sure what all the fuss was about.How can you go wrong with hot chocolate with homemade marshmallows....I'll tell you, YOU CAN'T!!The hot chocolate was super rich and I could not drink it all, probably good to split.We ordered a strawberry shortcake to share.The shortcake was pretty good, but the hot chocolate was the star of the show.Arrived on a bustling Friday late night and only had to wait 30 minutes for a table.It took a while for our orders to be taken and took quite a while for our desserts to come out. We got an apology from the waiter and he said something was going on with the dessert makin' process. Luckily we had some unique ciders to bide the time. The peach melba dessert was disappointing. I hardly wanted to touch the panna cotta, which tasted more like peanut butter rather than toasted almond milk. It was good, but the flavor was so strong that it was just overpowered everything else on the plate. The only thing I did scarf down was the 1 bite sorbet, which sat on a delicious raspberry shortbread. The peaches didn't do much to add to the dessert dish....and I really hoped that this dessert would rage "I'M A PEACH!" Instead, it was all bitter and nutty. That price for a bite of sorbet and cookie? Sad. Very sad.Will give this place another try next time...hopefully with less of a wait on the food.This place was nice. I came here for my birthday with my brother and the meal was very satisfying. Something different for the palette. I thought their dishes were a little overpriced for what they were offering (i.e. pretzels with a dipping sauce for $12) and they offered a "gnocchi" dish that was really polenta (which I made the mistake of ordering). I'm sorry but a slice of polenta is not comparable to any form of gnocchi. That was a disappointment.I also didn't love the seating. All the two person tables were so close that you can clearly hear the conversations happening next to you. So much so that the couple next to us bothering us in the middle of dinner because they wanted to know whether or not we were on a date. We were simply there to celebrate my birthday. And on that note, I told the waiter it was my brother's birthday when he went to the bathroom and I was told they would do something for him. Now, I didn't expect a free dessert or anything but we did order one and when it came out there wasn't even a candle in it or any acknowledgment that we were celebrating.All in all it was ok. I may come back for dessert sometime but I'm not hard pressed to do so any time soon.This place has a nice vibe. Went on a Saturday early afternoon with no reservation and got a table right away. Although shortly after it was pretty crowded.  Everyone ordered something different (meatloaf, sandwich vegetarian monte cristo, and the hamburger)  and no one had anything bad to say about the meal. The cocktails were great as well. Since I was there of course I had to get a hot chocolate. I went with the Medium ( it had a hint of caramel my fav!) and it was so rich I couldnt finish it all..not that thats a bad thing.This is an excellent place to have a delicious hot chocolate on a cold day. Chicago had a horrible winter, so it was nice to have a place I can chat with friends and have a hot drink with alcohol added. The deserts and hamburger were alright though. Nothing too special to me.To start our dinner, we wanted to order appetizers as we waited for a guest who was running 5 minutes late.  Our waiter was very condescending towards us and refused to take any food orders until our missing guest had arrived.  The waiter's explanation was because "everything was made fresh and it would ruin the story told by the food."  We still do not understand why we, the paying costumers were not able to order the small plate of cheese and start with that while our last guest read the menu. Once we did order, we underwhelmed by the lack of ability for his ability to remember our order and then serve our food with the needed utensils.  The mac and cheese was fantastic.  Too bad we initially couldn't eat it properly.I personally was impressed with the fried chicken, which is the Friday special, and supposedly sells out early.  Bad fast food fried chicken has more flavor.  The potato salad made with avocado instead of mayonnaise was great though and very unique.  That was a plus.  But it is sad when a small side completely overshadows the main dish.Other people at our table were very underwhelmed with their dinners also and my friend who suggested the restaurant felt the need to repeatedly apologize.For dessert, we all ordered different hot chocolates.  I can see this is the restaurant's strong feature, as one would hope.  The mexican hot chocolate was very good.  I could not finish it all as it was a very large serving.But, I think the kicker of the experience is hours of stomach pain I had for the next 24 hours.  I am not sure what exactly of the dinner caused it, but multiple people in our group were ill afterwards.I will not be returning.Only came here for dessert so cant speak for the food. Desserts were overly sweet & pricey, however the hot chocolate ("Medium") was amazing! Saw sum gud dinner plates, maybe will try next time.Mindy's is super adorable. I love the ambience and the New York City restaurant feel. Service is wonderful. Wish they had more options for food. But what they do have is delicious and creative. Been there a couple of times with big groups and I've run out of things to try.Sadly disappointing.  I love the vibe of the location, but there are several food issues that I just can't get past.  I've been there three times, and every time there have been several items on the (already small) menu that are not available.  The last time I went, four of the brunch menu items weren't available, leaving a very limited choice.  Once we got our food it was just....okay.  It wasn't bad, but it was just bland.  Everything seemed under-seasoned, and everything seemed to start with the sentence "this is almost good, if only they had...", but when this happens to everyone at the table, it seems like a persistent issue that they haven't yet sorted out.Also, service is a bit slow.Come for the hot chocolate but stay for the amazing food.Now that the sugar coma and subsided along with my enrollment in Chocoholics Anonymous completed, I can start my review.  This is a neighborhood bar that is also a destination for the traveling foodie.  Most people do not even realize that they serve more then just decedent deserts and out of this world HOT CHOCOLATE.I came here to celebrate my birthday and was not disappointed.  The staff favorite is the lamb and you will understand why at first bite.  I really like the mustard that accompanies the dish.My dish was the Cab cake sandwich.  I have enjoyed crab cakes from Maryland to Washington State, and after my first bite I found my new favorite sandwich.My Wife ordered pappardelle and I had to fight just to get a taste.  One comment said that it was a little bland but I thought the vegetables flavors were not overpowering which was a huge plus for me (I am not a huge fan of squash).Finally the desert.  Not only did we have some wonderful Medium Hot Chocolate, they brought us the Chocolate Tiramisu.  For those who are not fans of normal Italian tiramisu, this is completely different.  They use a chocolate from a San Francisco Company, Tcho (its new and a destination for those visiting SFO), for their moose which adds so many different flavors to the dish. It is crunchy from the crackers and they have a two different types of mouse and a chocolate sorbet that is more rich then sweet.  The sauce that is off to the side that is used  to drizzle on top of the dish can almost be a desert in itself.  It was a wonderful meal and I think it is a destination for any chocolate lover visiting Chicago.Only warning is that if you make reservations but only plan on enjoying desert, they charge a minimum of $15 dollars per person.  That should not stop you from coming since you can sit at the bar (where you can get a variety of amazing cocktails) or order a hot chocolate to go.I never knew much of Mindy's Hot Chocolate, though I had heard of it before. For some reason I thought it was just another Cheesecake Factory. You know, certain people say it's the 'greatest place ever' but really it's just...not. We were looking for a good burger and Mindy's came up on a list we found. Though I was skeptical, I'm so glad we checked it out. I'd originally expected some kind of dark ambiance with dim lights (yeah I REALLY knew nothing of this place), however this was quite the opposite. The dining room was light and airy with lots of windows to make it cheery. Knowing that my fellow Yelpers rarely fail me, I went with the mac and cheese. Oh my god. That mac & cheese. I've had gourmet mac & cheese before but nothing has tasted like THAT. I really can't figure out how they make it taste so much better, but they have it mastered. It was so gooey, but not in a watery way. We started making jokes about how we were going to move down the street and order it carry out every single day. It was 'moving down the street' good.My husband ordered the burger with an added egg (add $2) The presentation was lovely, with its side of cole slaw and a mini bottle of ketchup and mustard -- but this burger was so much more lovely than just it's appearance. It was phenomenal. The burger was juicy (although it was a little too pink for me) and melted in your mouth. I thought the mac & cheese was better, but this was still extremely good.I really wanted dessert but found out that they only serve dessert with dinner, although you can order some donuts or pastries during "brunch." I skipped that but I did get to try their chai. Really good too! Everything about this was 5 star, even the service -- which is equally as important as the food. Holly waited on us and despite being warned by our hostess that she may take a few minutes as she had a big table, she was very attentive and friendly. I probably looked like a total fool gushing over the mac and cheese and telling her it was the best thing I've ever eaten but she just laughed and said "yeah it IS that good."How do you warm up on a day that starts at 4 degrees and doesn't move much?  Go get a Mexican hot chocolate from Mindy's!  It is a divine combination of bittersweet and milk chocolate with cinnamon and chilies(!) thrown in for a wonderfully spicy chocolatey drink.  Best way to warm up ever ( at least without a plane ticket south...).I have only been to Hot Chocolate for brunch, and it's so amazing!  Every weekend, they have a different selection.  One thing that does stay constant are the doughnuts.  We usually order these as our appetizer to start.  They come with a delicious raspberry jam.  We also really love the different hot chocolates they offer - they are definitely indulgent!  I like the half and half, which is  1/2 espresso and  1/2 dark hot chocolate.  They are served with huge homemade marshmallows.  Recently, I had the veggie egg scramble and the eggs were the best I've ever had.  They were perfectly done and cheesy with asparagus and mushrooms.  I hope this dish stays on the rotation!It gets extremely crowded for brunch so try to go early!  It is on the expensive side, but I never have had a bad meal.110/365This is a cool place for dinner in Wicker Park. I came here with my bf after a friend suggested it. The service and ambiance of the restaurant were great. I ordered the rissoto which was very tasty. My boyfriend ordered the scallops which were good but tiny! So be sure to order an app if you're going for the scallops. Now to the amazing part...the ho-cho. We went with the Mexican flavour...yummm, rich chocolate with a little spice! It is very thick so you might wanna share. We shared and felt it was enough for both! We also split the pumpkin cheesecake. Anything pumpkin is good in my books and this dessert did not disappoint. I will definitely be returning to Mindy's next time I'm in Chicago!My husband and I made a reservation for 9:30 pm for a Saturday, we got there at 9:15ish and the place was swamped but they had our table already waiting on us! Great hostess, great waiter, great atmosphere, parking was on street but not a problem.  The only hiccup we got was food wait time was about 40 minutes for entree and then about 25 minutes for desert.  Would I come back again even if our wait time was kinda bad?! Heck yes!!!I had to! I read about this James Beard award winner, and just had to check it out while I was in town!  I had the pork belly for breakfast! I would say one of the BEST pork belly I've had.  Very crispy with NO excess grease on the plate! As I bit into the pork belly, dipped in a bit of egg yolk, and some dressed greens, my taste buds were slapped with the happy dance!  I also tried the Medium hot chocolate.. it was meh... very rich, only finished 1/4 of it.  Everyone raved about the marshmallow.. is it bad that I didn't think it was all that great?I'd say I probably ate 10,000 calories at this place. Amaze balls!!! For appetizers, we went with the following:Cheddar biscuitsmac and cheese roasted baby artichokes They were all fantastic, but don't you dare go here and not get the mac and cheese!!For dinner I had the fish of the day, which was red fish. The portion was huge, I could not finish it. It was so tasty. For dessert, we had the following:citrus cheese cakechocolate souffled tartdoughnutscookiesAll were amazing. My favorite was probably the citrus cheese cake and doughnuts. I also had a medium hot chocolate, which was ABSOLUTELY unnecessary!! But it was so good, I was happy that I tried it. It was definitely the most rich hot chocolate that I have ever ordered. The server was great and made really good recommendations. The ambiance was perfect for dinner. Yay for Mindy's!Can't wait to come back!!Hot Chocolate has been on the list of places I've wanted to visit for a long time now.  I finally was able to cross it off the list when a girlfriend and I had brunch one Saturday afternoon.First of all, the place looks great.  It's open and there are exposed brick walls.  At first, the hostess offered us a seat at the bar, which we declined.  We both were willing to wait for a table.  A little bit later, the hostess offered us a seat at the communal table.  We could clearly see a two person table open.  So, my girlfriend asked if we could sit there.  The hostess told us that they had been seating a lot of parties in that section already and basically that the server was overbooked.  The server working the section with the communal table was not getting any parties.To me, that just didn't seem like the right thing to say and the way she said it was frustrating.  She was like, "Well, if you really want to sit there (at the two person table) then you can."  So, we did.The tables are kind of close together so if you are sitting at the booth part you are basically touching elbows with the diner next to you.  It is also very loud in there due to the music they having playing in the background.  It was hard for me to hear my friend and have any conversation.Thankfully, the food was good.  I order the medium hot chocolate, which is milk chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and a hint of caramel.  It came with a homemade marshmallow.  The hot chocolate was good, but a bit too rich for me.  Adding the marshmallow helped cut down the richness.For brunch, I ordered the salmon bagel sandwich.  It came with cured salmon and was served on a sesame bagel with whipped chive creme cheese, cucumber and shaved red onion.  It came with a side of local beet and dill crème fraiche salad.  I enjoyed the bagel sandwich.  All the ingredients tasted very fresh and I liked that it came with ample portions of salmon.  The best thing however was the beet and dill crème fraiche salad.  I loved the light, refreshing taste of the dill and the beets were prepared perfectly.Service was average.  Our waitress was nice, but didn't check up on us that much.  Unfortunately, I did not get my beet salad when I asked to take home my leftovers.  I'm honestly not sure why since I asked for everything to be boxed up.  It was served in a small container.  So, maybe the person who boxed it up didn't want to go through the trouble of taking a fork and scooping it out?  Who knows.Either way, I'm glad to have finally dined at Mindy's Hot Chocolate.  I'm not in a rush to go back, but would be interested in sampling some of the desserts.My husband and I absolutely love Mindy's! We have been there 2 times so far both for dessert! We got the doughnuts and Mindy's famous hot chocolate the first time and the banana three parts and eggnog the second time. I have to say the eggnog was probably my favorite. It was so delicious and tasted just like holiday! During our second visit the dessert order was placed in a little late but the waiter was extremely apologetic and nice that it didn't put a damper on things. I am excited for the next time we go to Mindy's and hoping to go for dinner sometime soon!I have mixed feelings about this review. After being so excited to try Mindy's hot chocolate, my experience was unfortunately underwhelming. Our party of 7 had reservations for brunch and were seated right away with no problems. Everything I tried, I liked, except for the crab cake sandwich/burger. I got the chai hot chocolate and it was yummy but I think that the Mexican hot chocolate was the best of the bunch. The homemade marshmallow was good but I found that putting it in my hot chocolate made it way too sweet...regrets. The hot chocolate is definitely something you could share, it was pretty rich and filling so that when my main entree came I was already full. I found the hot chocolate yummy but just too rich overall. I ordered the mac and cheese, which again is very tasty but just too rich for my tastebuds. I was very glad we shared food family style so that I got to try different dishes and not have to finish the mac and cheese by myself.Haven't tried the food here but have definitely eaten/drank the cookies/marshmallows/hot chocolate! I want to try the food very soon but I do like the Medium hot chocolate. BE warned IT IS SUPER SWEET! especially if you melt the marshmallow into it.. my boyfriend couldn't drink the whole cup because it was so sweet but as a woman.. well.. come on...of course we love chocolate hahaFood was mediocre - my chicken thigh torta was good, a bit burned, but I like it that way, so I didn't mind. My date's Reuben was below average. She didn't like it at all! Somehow the flavor just didn't add up. Service was friendly - but super slow, especially for lunch and 2 sandwiches. Took them round 45 mins after we order to bring our food out. Our waitress was really nice and she could tell we were getting impatient (come on this is lunch, people have works to get back to), so she brought us some delicious cookies on the house. It helped a little (if not it would be a 2 star review)We also tried the famous hot chocolate and bread pudding for desert - both didn't hit the spot. The chocolate - cocoa nib - was tooo sweet for me - I should have gone with something else (the Mexican one? is it? which has pepper in it?) I barely finished 1/2 of mine, the bread pudding was alright, Nothing really stood out about our visit, the decor was perhaps the best thing about this place. I left unsatisfied with what I had and underwhelmed by the experience overall. I might come back in the future for another trial, but for now, it's eh!I like Mindy's for the dessert but as far as their food goes - I've had better.  Our server was horrible.  We asked him for recommendations and his reply was, "Everything on the menu is good.  If it wasn't it wouldn't be on there."  So again, we asked which one was his favorite or what he liked the most.  His reply again, "Everything."  Seriously?  The only time he came back to check on us when it was time to order dessert and to bring us our check.  Hmmm...?Well, on the bright side - the crab cake burger and the mac and cheese were delicious and I would order it again.  As far as returning - not so sure since the service we received was a little peculiar.Only this year did I start to Yelp, so I figured I would just wait until I visited a place again but then I realized there are some places I will never go again and this place is one. I went with a large group for a going away brunch. I like the decor a lot. Very warm and inviting. We had a reservation but were still given a hard time by the hostess. When we were finally seated everyone ordered drinks. My friend ordered a smoothie that totaled 3 sips and each sip cost $2. I wasn't particularly hungry so I ordered the parfait. The $11 parfait. When my yogurt fruit and granola took over a half hour to get out to me, I was very hungry at that point but I would not eat what came out. The yogurt was so watery that the granola was soggy. I informed the waitress and she just said that's the way the yogurt is made in house. I find it hard to believe anyone would like watery yogurt, but I asked if she had an alternative. She didn't. So I just didn't eat and then got charged for it anyways. The only reason I'm not giving this place their well deserved 1 is because some of the people at my table did like their food.If I were to review just the dessert and hot chocolate.. I'd give this place 5 stars... but since I went for dinner as well..  I'm giving it 3 stars.The food was mediocre... didn't care for it at all.. but by the reviews.. I feel as if I should've gone for brunch instead of dinner. I ordered the pretzel, fish and hamburger... all were good.. just not worth going back for. As for the dessert... I ordered bread pudding, chocolate chip cookies to take home and hot chocolate (medium) and everything was to die for! I would definitely go back.. next time I'll skip out on the dinner though.The restaurant gets 4 stars.The burger gets 5 stars.Price gets 2 stars.Burger-----Holy hell this a a good Burger.  Definitely top ten in Chicago.  From the warm, fresh bun, to the healthy serving of bacon, and the perfectly fried egg on top, this Burger deserves to be mentioned in any top tn list.  The beef is cooked perfectly and is consistently juicy.  My biggest complaint is that they give you a small portion of potato chips on the side, but when you have a burger like that, do you really wan to eat anything else.Restaurant------Great spot for lunch, brunch or dinner.  Really, need a go to in the neighborhood, you can't go wrong.  Yes there may be a wait, but its well worth it.  Oh, and plan on throwing your diet out the window when you go here.  Everything is rich and fattening.  I don't believe there is anything healthy on the menu.Price------This place is spendy.  Good quality usually comes with a larger than usual price tag but, $13 the burger seems a little much, especially when the small side of potato chips is barely noticeable.  The rest of the menu is also equally expensive if you ask me.  Quiche for $13?  Really?  $10 for Mac N'Cheese.  Uh, they are sticking it to you, yes, but the food is bringing you and me back.You get what you pay for, and you pay for what you get...This review is for the dessert only.So we came in right before they closed (I know I feel bad) but she sat us anyways at the bar saying the service would be faster if we were just getting dessert. We ordered the medium hot chocolate and the doughnuts The hot chocolate was super rich and creamy, basically like they just melted the chocolate. When I come back to Chicago in October/November, I will def make a stop here for the hot chocolateThe doughnuts were also really good. Nice and chewy with cinnamon and sugar and they came with a fudge dipping sauce which I thought was going to be super sweet, but wasn't. All in all good dessert and friendly serviceThe first time I visited Mindy's I was feeling kind of under the weather, but I had already made brunch plans and thought some comfort food might make me feel better. We sat at the bar, and were taken care of right away. My coffee was served in its own press, which was a nice treat. I ordered the mac and cheese, which was average, but the portion was perfect and it definitely hit the spot. The best part of my meal was dessert, Mexican hot chocolate. I had never even heard of Mexican hot chocolate before but the it was amazing! I actually began feeling better after the first sip, and enjoyed each sip more than the last. Mindy's Mexican hot chocolate has healing powers that will literally make you feel happier and ready to take the day!This review is long overdue. I would like to first say that this goes out to Sonny our server for truly showing us what service is all about! Not only was he attentive but he was helpful and honestly I could tell that he liked his job. I worked in the food industry in the past and know what it is like and people get burnt out rather quickly. Anyways on to the food...Appetizers: We started the night with the pretzels and Mac and cheese, both were phenomenal. The Mac and cheese is big enough to be eaten as an entree and it was very rich and cheesy just the way it should be. The pretzels were okay the cheese dipping sauce could have had just a little more kick in it and it would have been perfect.Entree: I had the burger cooked medium with an over easy egg on top. The burger was HUGE, epic proportions. It was filling and the side of chips were perfect.Dessert: Ordered a mint hot chocolate to share. It was extremely minty and rich. A little too rich for my liking. The marshmallow adds to the sweetness of the whole drink so I wouldn't have added it in if I had known.Had a slice of blueberry pie (different name on the menu) and it came with a scoop of ice cream. It was light and refreshing and perfect for the summer.Really enjoyed my time here with my two friends! Will be back because service was spot on and we appreciated that Sonny took the extra step to guarantee that we had a good night and that our experience was one of a kind! Thank you.It started with a desire for dessert and ended with a compulsion to write a Yelp review. And not in a good way.Having not been to this establishment in several years, my husband and friend thought Hot Chocolate sounded like the perfect whipped-cream ending to a night of eating Mexican food and drinking red wine. What better way to warm the heart and soul on a cold Chicago Saturday night?Oh, there are better ways.  We stood at the restaurant's hostess stand waiting to be acknowledged but the two women were far too busy with something on the touchscreen that had induced a hipster giggle fit.  They had that I'm-in-a-bubble-no-one-can-see-me attitude that told me I was not soon to be helped.  So I blew by them, headed to the bar.I spotted an empty bar seat, claimed it, gestured to the two guys and they came over to order a drink.What happened next was puzzling and a little amusing.  My friend ordered a glass of pinot noir, and when the bartender (who was strangely dressed like a scullery maid of some sort) cited two choices, my friend asked which is lighter.  She poured a taste and tossed it into her own gullet.This one, she said.My friend asked if perhaps HE could try it (imagine!) and she complied. He made a choice - the one she said was from Oregon's "Wilmette" Valley (I guess some peoples' worlds do not extend beyond the north shore, even if they work at a place that charges $14.00 a glass). I will save you the suspense and mention now that we never ate any dessert.  The bartender, after serving the drinks, turned her head slightly and narrowed her eyes, inquiring, are you waiting for a table?  No, I said. Fair question, but why the snark, I wondered.My friend then approached the two gals at the hostess desk to ask about a table and they said it was a 90-minute wait and that his friend (me) was NOT supposed to be sitting at the bar, those spaces are RESERVED.  Ah.  The attitude was starting to make sense.We laughed a little, I mean, it's one seat and the two guys were standing, what's the big deal, they were making $40+ in about 30 minutes off of us, in about 4 square feet of space.  We would have spent more but it wasn't long before a waiter stopped by and asked my husband if we would like to get a table.OK, we get it.  You don't want us at the bar.  You want us to chug our thimble-sized, overpriced, charmingly-named drinks and get out. Hubs made it clear to the waiter that all the employees' rudeness was duly noted and that we were headed for the door soon.So.....as we finished up, a parade of waiters, hostesses and other employees made it their business to pass behind us with large items of various kinds, with the accompanying loud EXCUSE MEs and COMING THROUGHs.  This urgent need for chairs, trays and plates at the front of the room came on suddenly, as if an emergency meeting was called in the kitchen. Code BLUE - get these people out of here before they encourage others to.....gulp...STAND at the bar!So we paid and left. Note to Hot Chocolate:  if you are going to go all pretentious and high-falutin', you will need to train your front staff to filter the STANDERS before they reach the bar. They can swipe left on Tinder some other time.   And maybe you should do a quick recap of wine-producing regions for the bar staff.  Oregon's Willamette Valley growers will thank you for not mistaking their rich, loamy perfect-for-pinot soil for Wilmette's sandy, toxic landfill.Wicker park is the hipster neighborhood of Chicago so we fittingly decided to eat at a hipster joint. Industrial looking on the outside but trendy and dapper on the inside. Hostesses were gorgeous! We only waited for 15 minutes, a surprise given the type of restaurant and the area. Menu is limited and we ordered the following:Salmon bagel sandwich- nothing special about it but I really enjoyed eating it, comes with a small beet saladBabka- a bit expensive but fresh and softBrioche french toast- the most remarkable course of the meal. Soft and sweet is never wrongMac and cheese- tasty and filling but it a bit saltier than it needs to beDark hot chocolate- I have had better hot chocolate before but the fluffy marshmallow was awesomeOverall the food is alright and it seems like people come here for the trendiness rather. And I really don't know how I feel about a $6 cup of hot chocolate.Yum! Some friends & I decided on Hot Chocolate for brunch and we were so happy with the food. We each ordered different meals and all were outstanding. I ordered and can highly recommend the veggie scramble which had fresh seasonal vegetables with a side of challah and roasted potatoes. My latte was also really good and my husband's bloody mary was the perfect combination of fresh and spicy. Our server was a bit over-the-top which was obnoxious, but better than the opposite, and the drinks took quite awhile with just one bartender behind the bar on a very busy Sunday, but it was still an excellent experience.Dessert Review:2 top Sunday -9:30 ish - stopped in for some dessert. The atmosphere was relaxing, trendy/boutiquey, and fun. The staff was warm and friendly. The desserts were like a piece of tasty art.rhubarb crème brûlée tartlet, rhubarb jam, fresh rhubarb poached in preserved Klug farm raspberry & framboise, red velvet cupcake- Playful, vibrant in color and taste, and the mini red velvet cupcake was adorbs to the max!strawberry shortcake, strawberry ice cream, crème fraîche, strawberry relish, warm sparkling rose & strawberry broth- Very charming, sophisticated, and the lightest of the three chocolate "souffled" tart salted carmel ice cream, house made pretzels- Bold/statement maker but too heavy and sweet for meGin -- Open Windows [$11] Uncle Val's Gin, dry vermouth, lavender, grapefruit, lemon tree bitters- Very unique...a bit at a loss for words because I have never tasted something like this but unique good unique. The lingering taste is bitters with a hint of lemon.A bit expensive at $12 per dessert but for a once in a while treat I left feeling warm and fuzzy because we were treated like family and the desserts speak for themselves. I would come back for hot chocolate and other menu items. Of the desserts Strawberry shortcake was my favorite. Thanks for having us over!Mindy's Hot Chocolate might be my favorite concept for a brunch ever. Many tables were loaded with mimosas and bellinis and, I'll admit, it was tough not to blow my load and eat everything on the menu. But I only had eyes for their hot chocolate. Each mug is served with a house-made marshmallow. And I went for the Mexican hot chocolate.  2/3 dark chocolate, 1/3 milk chocolate, fresh cinnamon and cayenne? Please and thank you.Spicy and sweet is one of my favorite flavor combinations, and this had the bonus of being creamy and piping hot. The marshmallow was a total game changer, and tasted phenomenal even without the hot chocolate (but definitely better with it...)My girlfriend went for something even more indulgent. The Black & Tan is 1/3 hot fudge and 2/3 medium hot chocolate.I know, right?  I tasted a sip or two, and felt as though it was meant to be poured over ice cream. That, or directly into my gullet. Next time, hopefully I'll be able to try some foods (their donut dish looked incredible), but memories of the hot chocolate will keep me warm all winter.Like waiting a long time to be served? Enjoy only staring at your dinner-mates because it's too loud to hear them? ...May I suggest Mindy's? When I first arrived with my party of 3, we were seated almost immediately, but then overlooked for a long time before getting our orders taken. When our server was taking our orders, he had a nonchalant attitude, which made me feel like maybe he also did not want to be there. My biggest complaint about this place is the volume - the music is played too loudly to encourage conversations among the patrons. When the music does momentarily cease, it's easier to enjoy the one redeeming quality of the place - the hot chocolate. THAT I recommend.I've officially dined here twice now. The first time was 3 1/2 years ago. The 2nd was 2 weeks ago. I figured I owed it to myself to try it out after the remodel. I remembered it being just ok having tried the Mac and cheese upon my first ever trip here, which is one of the things they are known for. I went for lunch with my hubby during the week. We had made reservations and were seated in the middle of a communal table. Seriously? Reservations get me the crappiest seat in the house? Communal tables drive me nuts. I don't want to brush elbows with strangers and have others listen in on my conversation. Anyways, we both started with the soup of the day which was parsnip. It was actually amazing and was served with a huge chunk of bread which was much appreciated considering it took about 20 plus minutes to come out after we ordered it. Good thing we weren't in a rush. For our main entrees, my husband got the chicken Caesar salad and I got the lamb and creama kasa sandwich. My sandwich was huge- disgustingly so.  I couldn't finish half of it and still couldn't eat the rest of the day. My husband's salad on the other hand was so small. It was a side salad with some chicken on it. For $15, making it more expensive than my sandwich for 1/4th the amount of food.  Seems reasonable. Both were just ok but nothing impressive or memorable. The service was also bad. Our server had an attitude and she stared at us for half the meal and made me super uncomfortable, yet our drinks remained empty. There is so much hype around this place and its always packed. I don't get it. I didn't get dessert here so maybe that's where I'm missing it. I also refuse to pay $7-8 for a cup of hot chocolate. This place is overpriced and over hyped. Next time I won't wait 3.5 years to go back. There are so many better places to eat that I can say with confidence I won't ever be dining here again.I got a chance to visit this restaurant while I was visiting a friend in Chicago. I loved the ambience of the place. Dimly lit lights and each table was candle lit. Very romantic kinda feel if you ask me. The food was ok. We had their Steamed Mussels which were ok. We also got their Mac&Cheese but I thought it was average. Not sure why people raved about it. My friend got the Hamburger with the Fried Egg. I took a bite and I thought it was just an ok burger. My other friend got one of their sandwiches and thought it was meh.We got their hot chocolate for dessert. We got the Medium, Mexican, and Half&Half. It was just ok. I don't know. Since the restaurant is called Hot Chocolate I figured/expected the hot chocolates to be extraordinary. They were good but nothing beyond average. My whole experience at this establishment was just OK.I don't exactly fancy myself as an "OMG girl", but let me tell you OH-EM-GEE! This place is amazing. I came here after dinner for dessert and drinks. I decided on the Mint hot chocolate (with a shot of amaretto)  the BF had the Mexican hot chocolate and we split the donuts.The drinks were intoxicating.  Velvety, rich and flavorful. The drinks are accompanied by a dollop of home made marshmallow.  If you do not have much of a sweet tooth, I would steer away from adding it directly into your drink.  But if you're a sweety like me ;) Go for it!The donuts were delicious and served with a chocolate sauce and carmel popcorn. Personally, I found the chocolate sauce a little on the bitter side for my taste...but that does not take away from the overall flavor, it was enjoyable, I am just a bigger fan of sweeter chocolates. Definitely a place I will be going to again in the future, but will plan accordingly and leave room to try out more of the menu.This was my first of many brunch stops after moving to the neighborhood (I am a brunch addict). I came here mostly for the hot chocolate, because seriously, who doesn't like hot chocolate? And the words "hot chocolate" are actually in the name of the place, so I figured it should be good. It was busy on a Saturday around 11 am but not overwhelmingly so -- we were told that a wait for a table for two would take 15 minutes, but seats at the bar were available right away (we sat at the bar of course -- we are hungry people). I ordered the medium hot chocolate and the boyfriend got the dark. Yum yum yum. The medium was perfectly hot and chocolate-y and and the homemade marshmallows were definitely a treat. The dark was too dark for me, but that's just my personal preference.I will admit that the 4 stars is mostly for the ambiance. It is cute and there are twinkle lights and I am a sucker for things like that. The food on the other hand was meh. 3 stars at best and probably not worth the pricetag. My brioche toast was good, but not memorable. I'm definitely looking forward to go back for more hot chocolate and to try their dessert, but I have a long list of other brunch spots waiting to be tried before I I become a regular bruncher here.Ok I think I'm being a little tough on them. They only get three stars instead of the five bc of the fact that they do not take reservations on Saturdays for brunch and if you didn't get there when the doors open, you would have a ridiculous wait time. Even though I made it there right when they open, as I enjoyed my meal etc I noticed that people were forced to wait even though they had tables available. If you came in with a party of two instead of three or four and all the two seated tables were taken, they would not seat you at a bigger table...sucks for those people who waited because I would have demanded to be seated..but that's just me....I also didn't like that the tables were so close together.  I felt claustrophobic. UghAnyway I would endure all of that for that amazing 6 dollar a cup hot chocolate that I ordered that came with an amazing homemade marshmallow. Yummmmmm...I had the half dark chocolate and half white chocolate. ..mmmm sooooo worth it...its one of the best cups of chocolate I ever had and I will be willing to pay six dollars again for another one. My entree consisted of shrimp and cheese cheddar grits with jalapeno peppers and pancetta.  Ugh the pancetta completely threw off the taste of this amazing meal. It was tooo salty or tooo I don't know it just had a yuck factor to it.. but the shrimp wss roasted to perfection and who would have thought to have peppers and grits together? !?! Not me but it worked honey!!!!!!I also tried the mac and cheese.....That mac and cheese was delicious... so rich and filling. ..mind you the portion were not big... but heck I came in on a empty stomach and walkes out stuffed with left overs of mac and cheese and grits...but child I bet you and I cannot tell a lie...I dranked all that hot chocolate!!!!! It was way to good to waste/leave behind or take with...I wanted in my belly:-)5 stars for the hot chocolate and homemade marshmallows! 3 stars for the food.The food really is just ok. I've been here twice now... with honestly about a year in between visits. I remember why it took me so long to come back. The food just really isn't that good. The menu options aren't even that appealing. This last time my friend and I both ordered the burger... at brunch. Who does that? Sigh* Anyway, if I do decide to come back here again it will have to be just for the hot chocolate... and it's pretty doubtful that I'll wait in anybody's line just for hot chocolate so... yeah... ummm. There are plenty of other brunch spots in Chicago I'd much rather go back to or try out for the first time. Mindy's just isn't one of them unfortunately.Have been wanting to go try this place out for a while and I finally stopped in for brunch. The decor is modern yet homey. Which is nice, perfect place to get a hot chocolate and have a long conversation.We were there for brunch and ordered french toast, a pancake and salad. The presentation was nice but the food was mediocre. Not sure if I over expected to have this amazing meal. The hot chocolate was good but too rich for me. Think it was a little overpriced. I did not try the desserts thinking i will give it one more chance another day.  Though i must say the staff hostess was super nice and pleasant!All in all, did not blow me away and would rather go to a mom and pop place for a decent brunch. If you are into a trendy, easy on the eye, overpriced place to grab a meal this might be the place for you.Hot Chocolate was a place I had been wanting to try for quite sometime and when a friend of mine was in the "hood" we decided to go their for brunch.  We were both anticipating a delicious meal, as we had heard a number of fantastic reviews, but what we encountered was a little bit different....The first thing that was off, started when we entered.  The hostess wanted to sit us at the "communal table" though there was a two person table open.  When I asked if the table was free, as we would prefer not sitting at the communal table, we were told that it was, but they wanted to give that waitress a break and more business to the waiter at the communal table!  What?  Why would you tell a customer that AND on a Saturday?  Well, needless to say, they sat us at the private table.Food was good. We both got the Medium Hot Chocolate.  Delicious, rich and creamy with a fluffy homemade marshmallow.  We also both got the salmon bagel sandwich.  Very fresh and light with a delicious side of local beet & dill crème fraiche salad.  Service was ok.  Our waitress only came by twice to check on us.  My friend and I both asked for a our leftovers to be boxed up.  After I got home, I was only to discover that they had left out the beet salad!  I was so mad (this was my favorite part of the meal!)  and definitely was the clincher in making this place a 3 star!  Will I be going back?  Um, not in ANY rush to head back anytime soon...Really went out of my way (3 different L lines...) just to visit and eat dessert. (Yes, I live to eat). I ended up sharing a dessert sampler (5 different takes on chocolate cake). It was good. It was fun. And it was intriguing. The waiter was super friendly and even gave us directions on the order in which to eat the dishes to maximize enjoyment. Not sure if I would make the trip again JUST to come here, but it was a good experience nonetheless.Really, really great burger. Not too big, not too small, perfectly prepared and all the ingredients are fresh fresh fresh. I love the atmosphere too. I am looking forward to coming back for brunch and desserts! I knocked a star off for the following reasons: -I just wish everything was $2-$3 cheaper. Then it would be pretty perfect. -As adorable as Bucktown is, getting there from Lincoln Park/Lakeview is such a hassle, otherwise I'd come here more.From the name , you instantly think "dessert place".  However, the entrees and sandwiches are good too.  I had lamb and Creama Kasa sandwich which was very delicious.  Also, if you like hot-chocolate, YOU MUST TRY THE HOT CHOCOLATE. There's different flavors, I thought the Mexican hot chocolate was the best. ¡Viva el Chocolate!Notable Desserts - there was a PB&J themed dessert that was awesome , and the doughnuts were excellent.I'm pretty sure I've been moderately to very happy with every hot chocolate I've tried here, but I'd definitely suggest splitting and trying different ones.  They're extremely rich and I never want that much of the same one.  Big fan of the Black & Tan.The prices on the appetizers are kinda crazy but the sandwiches are fair.  I tried the Lamb And Creama Kasa and loved it.  It's big, meaty, cheesy and fresh tasting.  What more could you want?Don't get the sweet potatoes.  They really are just salted baked sweet potatoes..The Honey & Chocolate "Souffled" Tart is delicious.FOOD:Appetizer: Mac and Cheese = A+  this is a must!Dinner: Cheeseburger = A    Creama Kasa sandwich = B-  a little too salty.Dessert: Doughnuts = A+++  haven't tasted anything this good since beignets from Cafe du Monde in New Orleans.Hot Chocolate:  A-  you get a huge cup of chocolate goodness.  I had the half n half (half espresso half dark chocolate) Mindy's is a gem in Wicker Park.  Make reservations each time or you can count on waiting for awhile.  FYI, it's a $15 minimum if you dine in for dessert only.I'm kicking myself for not ordering dessert when I was here.  I did have the cacao hot chocolate, though.  It was so sweet and rich, I didn't really have room after my lunch.  The hot chocolate was really good, and served with a homemade marshmallow.I'm trying to eat a little healthier, so I ordered the kale salad.  I would rather have had the reuben or mac and cheese, because I'm sure they're good.  The salad was pretty good.  It had a Caesar dressing, pumpernickel croutons, and slice hard boiled egg.  The croutons were kind of hard.Service was rushed... I think the server's shift was ending, maybe.  The table was really small.  Get bigger tables, Hot Chocolate!Ok, so besides the deserts and the actual hot chocolates which are way to sugary for my taste, the rest of the food can be very good if you take the right items. Many I find just plain. The deserts are also way too rich for my taste buds but I must admit they are tasty. The service is definitely not constant and the place is very very noisy. The brunch hours are ridiculously set up so the window to go there is very small. Make sure to go early if not, there is not many other good options near.My favorite while I was still eating cheese, the grilled cheese sandwich! Sounds very standard but it is actually delicious!If you're looking for a chocolate-y desert then this is the place to be. The food itself is nothing memorable but that's not why you should be coming here in the first place. For dessert I had the praline napolean and it was delicious. Their hot chocolate is very sweet but great on a cold day in Chicago.We were here for a business lunch and were unable to hear each other because the music was loud and all the patrons had to talk over it. The interior is completely hard surfaced, with nothing acoustical to absorb sound. Decor is attractive though menu is quite limited. Two of our party ordered cheeseburgers medium rare; they both arrived well done. We asked our server to advise Chef, which she promised to do. No one from kitchen or management responded. We had crossed this off our list a few years ago when the chef at the time came to our table to argue with us about whether his tuna fish salad was indeed fishy. Looks like the same management is still in charge.OMG if I ever found out that I was dying and I could only have 1 thing before I died, I would DEMAND dessert from Mindy's!I knew I had to come here ever since my friends moved to Chicago.  I'm a chocolate/dessert fiend and they went here for dessert one day... then came home and told me to Yelp it.  Again, this was a LONG time ago.  I've had the place bookmarked ever since.  Fastforward to Halloween 2012, and I finaaaaaaaaaaaaaally came out to visit the homies.  After dinner at Lou Malnati's and wandering around Millenium Park, we were trying to figure out what to do with ourselves... and then I remembered...Mindy's.After asking our friends if we could go (okay, begging :P), we hopped onto the train to Wicker Park.  We walked in and (thankfully) were seated fairly quickly.  After perusing the menu, we finally decided on the following:- Medium hot chocolate: milk chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and a hint of caramel (our friends C & V split one, our other friend K got his own)- Black & Tan: 1/3 hot fudge, 2/3 medium hot chocolate (for hubs)- Half & Half: half espresso, half dark chocolate (for me)and then we split the following between the 5 of us (descriptions taken from the site)- banana brioche bread pudding: cocoa nib semi freddo, brown sugar streusel coffee cake, Burton's maple butterscotch- doughnuts: brioche doughnut squares with hot fudge and caramel corn- honey & chocolate "souffled" tart: burnt honey ice cream, honey caramel, honey combSo first of all... each hot chooclate is served in a HUGE cup (except G's black & tan which was actually slightly smaller than I originally was expecting) and its piping hot.  it has a homemade marshmallow on the side, which is TO DIE FOR.  V told me to put it into the hot chocolate and let it melt a bit... and OMG... I think mine was my favorite because of the espresso.  The flavors were so rich, it reminded me of a real hot chocolate in the Philippines (its called chocolate'e) and its made of really rich cacao.  But seriously, all three drinks were amazing.Then came the desserts.  If I HAD to pick one, I would say the banana brioche bread pudding was the winner.  The bread pudding was melt in your mouth awesome and the accompanying semi freddo just put the perfect finishing touch on your taste buds.  The doughnuts were amazing too and I loved the caramel corn that it was served with (dip both into the hot fudge and have an amazing day!), the honey & chocolate souffled tart was my least favorite of the 3--but that doesn't mean it wasn't amazing as well.  I just felt that the honey flavor slightly overpowered that of the chocolate, so I was less amazed.  But again, all three were wonderful!I'm so happy that we don't have a Mindy's out in CA because I would gain 100 pounds, have my face break out, and die of diabetes... but still, I can't WAIT to come back to Chicago and visit again :)I have been here numerous times and something keeps bringing me back...Great food, service, unique desserts and did I mention probably the most decadent hot chocolate!? Perfect for warming up in Chicago!A return visit and another glowing review from me!  The medium hot chocolate satisfied about every craving for chocolate that I have ever had in one large mug....but then they brought out the special pumpkin cheesecake.  Hands down the best dessert I have EVER had.  It was perfection!I had the chai hot chocolate and beef bourguinone. Both were amazingly delicious! Really high quality ingredients. The only thing I didn't like was I had to pay extra for bread and butter with the meal. I'll be back, it was so good.This place has wonderful food and even better drinks for dessert. We made a reservation for four and had decent service throughout the night.The problem with our dessert outing is that if you make a reservation for desserts only, you end up having to pay $15 per person. We are not so stingy that this is too big of a problem BUT the minimum price absolutely ruined our experience of the food.We ordered enough dessert to last a lifetime, just so we could reach the minimum. One of us had alcohol, the other three purchased hot chocolates, and then we ordered three different deserts and could barely touch two of them.I just want to forewarn everyone, if you're looking for a dessert place, there is not a great way to do it here. My wife and I will continue looking for the sort of restaurant where we can split a slice of cake over a few cups of coffee and not feel harried by a price minimum.I was out exploring the city and saw I was close to Hot Chocolate and wanted to try it based on what I had"ve heard about it.It was late brunch time on a Sunday.  Crowded but they were able to fit me in (as a solo diner) in a small table near the window.  That was great since I had resigned myself to the crowded bar.The bad part is that I waited over 20 minutes once I was seated for a server to stop by my table. There were other tables in her section that were seated after me and they actually not only got waited on but got their drinks prior to someone acknowledging me.  I'm not scary looking and I'd say I actually fit in with the rest of the clientele except I was sitting by myself.  Hmmm.I ended up eventually ordering a decadent meal of the brioche french toast (with bananas and homemade whipped cream) and a black and tan hot chocolate, which was hot chocolate with about a third of the glass filled at the bottom with hot fudge and a large chunk of marshmallow.  Like a said, a decadent meal.The total came to over $20 for the two items.  Pricey in my mind but I was happy I tried it.  I couldn't see too much from my table but I did see a chicken salad sandwich and the salmon bagel sandwich, both looked good.  There was also an extensive beer and wine list that I did not try from.By time I left at the end of brunch, the place was pretty empty.  Dress is smart casual.  I did not see anyone in sweat suits, but jeans are perfectly OK.I think I liked the atmosphere here more than I enjoyed my breakfast.  I ordered the french toast and it was good, but didn't knock me out of the park.  I think I'm more of a diner breakfast fan and this restaurant is a little more gourmet.  I saw someone order lunch at the table next to me that was making me drool so I'd love to come back here a little later in the day and try something on their lunch menu. I will say that the staff was so nice and we had great service so that is a big plus!  I loved that the whole front opens up to the street making it a great spot to enjoy a cup of their delicious coffee when the weather is nice.Dan T gives very good service and is very knowledgeable about the menu.  He was very gracious in helping me with my special dietary adjustments.The husband and I again went to Hot Chocolate.  Overall, I think the desserts especially the honey chocolate souffle tart and the half and half hot chocolate drink are the best offerings.  The entrees, appetizers, and sides are good, but not great.  Not all of the desserts are wonderful either, but they are good.The service and the decor are just fine.Be sure to get a reservation way ahead of time.  Also, check restaurant.com to see if you can get a certificate.  Also try Groupon, because this place is a tad expensive.We won't be back except for a date night once or twice a year.  This place will not be on our regular rotation of dinner places.Violet Beauregarde, I feel your pain.  youtube.com/watch?v=Z4_c…So, I didn't turn into a gigantic blueberry after dining (gorging) at Hot Chocolate last night, but I sure *felt* like a gigantic something or other.  Too much.  Just way too much..... My party of three stopped in for an early dinner, arriving shortly after they opened, and we watched the place fill up relatively quickly.  By the time we left, on a Tuesday night, it was packed. This place is lovely.  It embodies the name "Hot Chocolate" - with warm browns and wood throughout the interior, sexy lighting, there's just a general good, comforting feeling.  An ideal, cozy place for when it's cold outside. We were sat against the wall and started with some of their sweet potato soup topped with toasted seeds and a side of bread.  Amazing. Rich & flavorful.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich with cottage chips as my entree.  Again; awesome.  The bun was buttery and light, topped with a large crab cake and bib lettuce; the simple chips were great too.  My dining companions ordered the roasted chicken and duck - both were gobbled up and well received.  *** This is the point where we should have stopped. *** However, my demanding sweet tooth and I insisted that we try some kind of dessert.  And oh, we did.  Because I felt I simply had to try the hot chocolate, even though I was stuffed, I ordered the pumpkin spice hot choco (white choc. served with homemade mallows; super rich and creamy and good. this could potentially fill someone up on its own); someone else ordered the medium hot chocolate; we split the honey & chocolate souffled tart (burnt honey ice cream, honey caramel, honey comb) and the banana ice box cake.  Now do you understand why I felt like Violet Beauregarde?  I recommend this place for dinner and/or dessert, but probably NOT on the same night.  In the future, I will respect my stomach and stop when enough is enough.  Great food though.  And great hot chocolate!Came for dinner and I enjoyed a burger worth living for topped with bacon, a fried egg, and four-year aged cheddar cheese. The mini ketchup and mustard squeeze-bottles were also a nice touch.When the entrées cleared, it was time to choose a sweet finish: a cheesecake, doughnuts, or bread pudding? Her beloved cookies? One of seven signature hot chocolates?  Something else?  Alas, I landed on the "Black & Tan" - a piping cup of her original "medium hot chocolate" poured on top of a heaping glob of hot fudge, alongside a snappy homemade marshmallow and a teaspoon for mixing. Heaven on earth. Recommend a reservation; small place fills up fast.Service - Ace.Food - Ace. (Had the cheeseburger with egg, choclate souffled tart, standard hot chocolate.Would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the interrogatory lighting and almost-communal dining feel (which I despise).Great food (brunch menu). Great service (waitress was helpful, attentive, and really nice). Great atmosphere (exposed brick, dark wood, homey and cozy). But....but.What in the actual hell is with the hostess staff?! Homegirls seems to think they're running some sort of restaurant gestapo up there, and not are even slightly concerned about getting all up in your face regarding your reservation. You're a busy establishment....I get it. You can't be seating parties 20  minutes late....I get that, too. But these chicks were unnecessarily passive-aggressive regarding basically everything. Upon arrival, we were told that in no way would we be sat until everrrryyyyyonnnnne from our party had arrived. We got talked to AGAIN nearly 10 minutes before our reservation time warning us that if our entire party didn't show up on time they'd give away the table. Sieg heil, dude. When our party ended up being 1 person short, they acted like I'd just kicked their dog or something. So there's going to be 1 empty chair at the table....the horror.I'd be giving this place a 5 had the Nazi hostess regime not been this unpleasant. Everyone in our party was miffed by how we'd been treated and were all pretty salty about it (until the Bloodys arrived, at least). It's totally great this place is busy, but managing that shouldn't come at the expense of being a pleasant human being.I'm not much of a birthday person. Some people have big parties and rent out bars and whatever and my whole thing is "I just wanna have dinner with my family."And this year, when I turned 28, I took my family (or made my family take me?) to Hot Chocolate. It'd been on my list for years and I'd never made it in because I'm lame or something.Unfortunately, my birthday was back in May and I've since forgotten most of everything we had so here's what I remember:- The soft shell crab appetizer was grilled - not fried - and PERFECT. My parents had never had soft shell crab before, and they were a smidge apprehensive about the whole thing, but it was light and perfectly cooked and came with greens and some kind of lovely vinaigrette and avocado puree and the whole thing was just really really really nice.- The lamb sausage sandwich with the grainy mustard and the beets knocked my socks off. It was kind of like a big flatbread roll-up, but it was so amazingly savory and just...good. It was REALLY fucking good and I'd eat it again in a heartbeat.- THE DESSERTS. We ordered two and then the awesome guys in the kitchen sent us out two more. The donuts with the chocolate sauce were pretty much the best thing ever.- Our awesome server paced everything perfectly and recommended some really bomb ass pinot noir. He gets a gold star.So. I'm kind of itching to go back. Who's with me?REVIEW FOR DINNER= 3 starsREVIEW FOR DESSERT= 5 starsHot Chocolate's dinner left me a bit disappointed. The fried chicken= outstanding. Even my southern friends who joined me said the biscuit was absolutely perfect. The mac and cheese-- also fantastic!  The dill flavored beet salad was an interesting take on the beet salad which is on just about every menu now. The steak....not so good. We actually sent it back because we all chewed out first piece for about 5 minutes before almost choking on it. The whole sea bass special was good, but lacked and stand out flavors.On to the real good stuff....DESSERT!! The hot chocolate was outstanding. Rich, creamy, heaven. The cookies all were amazing. The creme brule was good while it was no Maude's.I would suggest going to dinner at Bluebird next door and make a late reservation at Hot Chocolate for dessert :DDecent place for brunch or lunch, better for an after-dinner beverage. Their brunch here is ok, but I've experienced better.  Your standard fare of brunch dishes, nothing that is particularly great but pretty decent overall.  Lunch here is also pretty good.  So 3 stars for the food.  Nearby options that are better include Jane's, Milk and Honey, Toast, and of course my favorite Bongo Room. Where this place really shines is for the post dinner dessert or drink.  They have a full bar and also the namesake drink, very good, if you want to stretch the evening a bit but don't feel like going to a bar. Two complaints about this place... First is the service.  While reasonably friendly and knowledgeable, it is SLOW. Second complaint is that they have a silly policy of not quoting wait times over the phone, so if you are thinking about walking in, you don't know if there is no wait or an hour wait.   The only way to find out the wait time is to drive by, someone jump out of the car and ask.  This is just silly and inconsistent with what other restaurants in the neighborhood are doing.We came here for dessert on a weeknight and were able to get seated immediately because they put us at a long table that was reserved for a party an hour after us.Desserts were somewhat disappointing and service was efficient yet slightly curt:Banana Icebox Cake ($12) - confusing.  Layers of cake with such a crunchy top that attempting to fork it caused the destruction of the soft semifreddo layers.  Chocolate covered banana baton was good, but the dessert on the whole wasn't banana-y enoughSweet Potato Pie ($12) - nice!  Warm crust, soft sweet potato filling, soft caramel-y milk stout butterscotch layer was delish, and the super sticky house made maple marshmallow added a nice texture and flavorBacon Chocolate Chip Cookie ($1) - meh, not enough bacon, neither chewy nor crunchy, good quality chocolate but not a cookie I need to eat ever againIce creams ($12 for 3) - sour cream sorbet was yummy and tangy, burnt honey ice cream was on the sweet side but delicious, lemon blueberry pie had chunks of pie and filling but the ginger in it was distractingThe ambience was kinda loud bar-y feeling, not my fave either.I'd try the mac and cheese, burger or mussels if I came back, but I'm not rushing to do so.I absolutely love the atmosphere for Mindy's Hot Chocolate. The decor is unique and the floor to ceiling windows display a serene downtown Chicago. Sipping on hot chocolate inside while the weather outside is windy and downcast is almost like something out of a novel. This place definitely has a lot of character. I ordered the Medium Hot Chocolate for $7 and was seated by the windows *YES!*The Medium is a blend of milk chocolate, a little bit of salt and a caramel layer on the bottom. It came with a very fluffy cubed marshmallow that you should mix in with your hot chocolate. For me, the Medium was very very very thick and creamy, almost like a syrup. It was so sweet that I couldn't finish it. My friend ordered the Mexican Hot Chocolate, which contained cayenne pepper for the kick and wasn't as viscous as mine. Overall, I would recommend you come here for the ambiance (4 stars) but the hot chocolate deserves only 2 stars.The food was good but service was not the best for the price we paid. Not sure I'll go back any time soon.In town for vacation and hanging out with my hubby's buddies, they took us here for dessert.  Waiting about 10-15 minutes for a table, I checked out the desserts on-line and it looked promising.  I was excited for the doughnuts and chocolate tartlet, I couldn't wait to be seated.  After being seated, we ordered the medium hot chocolate, which came with a block-shaped marshmallow.  At first taste, the hot chocolate was delicious and rich.  We let the marshmallow melt into the hot chocolate...so after a while, it was overly sweet.  The chocolate tartlet was pretty tasty because of the salted pretzel offsetting some of the sweetness with ice cream and chocolate cake.  The doughnut was semi-whimsical....basically 5 sugar doughnuts in a cup (with melted chocolate at the bottom) and caramel popcorn off the side.  The sugar doughnut was quite tasty without the chocolate and still warm.  The popcorn just satisfied my craving for garrett's popcorn.  My husband questioned the purpose of the chocolate sitting in the cup because with was inaccessible unless you drizzled it over your doughnut (assuming the doughnuts were all distributed).With regards to service, this place lacks it pretty much.  I did like our server because he knew that we were only interested in ordering dessert, but made the point that we should have been seated quicker if our hostess knew what service we wanted.  He was attentive to our needs and quickly took our orders.  But my biggest complaint was the rest of their service staff.  I was pretty upset at the fact that their service staff (not our waiter) kept kicking our chairs when passing and there is no apology, pardon me, NOTHING. I'm forgiving if it happens gently for a couple times. But to have your chair kicked hard the third time, and NO APOLOGY, just totally ruined my night.  I looked around me, and I KNOW MY CHAIR was not in the middle of anyone's path and quite a good amount of space to pass between the other patrons and my chair.  Later that night, my husband told me he had the same issue but did not want to pipe up about it as well until I told him that I was experiencing the same thing.  Pretty much if we're ever in town, we're not coming back.  The desserts were good, but the service just ruined it all.  I'd be surprised if they ever win an award for such a thing they lack.I always have to hit up this place for hot chocolate when I'm in town.The food is excellent, but this past time we just got hot chocolate.  Keep in mind, this isn't the hot chocolate you put in a cup and walk around with.  No, this is a dessert.  Even me, the ultimate lover of hot chocolate, declares that.  Order it - you won't be disappointed.  Just don't order a piece of cake while you're at it!Solid American, comfort food. Not too crazy or exciting. Has a full bar. Smallish portions of appetizers and desserts, but it's carby and filling. The mac & cheese is insanely cheesly and really good, traditional mac & cheese. Order of pretzels comes with 2, slightly smaller than street pretzels, with a really cheesy, flavorful jalapeno monterey jack. Petite salad is very simple, basically just greens with vinaigrette, probably not worth the $8 or whatever. Pretty loud, seems like a spot for birthdays and girls' nights out, so maybe not the spot for actual conversation in a group, but for a small number of people, and with a louder voice, you'd be fine. Clears out  a little before 10pm on weeknights and gets a lot quieter.Mindy's Hot Chocolate is another place that I wish existed in Los Angeles.  A perfect spot to take a date or hang out with friends.  I really admired the atmosphere and decor here.  There really isn't anything like it in L.A. that I'm aware of, especially a dessert place like this that stays open late.  It was packed when my friend and I arrived after 9pm on a Thursday night.  Luckily, there was a table available without having to make a reservation.  Everything on the menu sounded great.  I had a difficult time deciding, but finally settled on the stout and caramel milkshake.  Guinness is one of my favorite beers, and I was impressed with the combination.  My friend enjoyed the chai hot chocolate that she ordered which included a square-shaped marshmallow on the side (obviously made in-house).  I was also pleased with the service from our friendly waitress.  She checked up on me to make sure I enjoyed what I ordered, considering that it was my first visit there.  Wished I could've tried some of the desserts, but I was too full from dinner.  The presentation made them look really appealing.  Definitely a place I would visit again if I return to Chicago!Solid 4 star brunch place! We sampled a plethora of the menu items including the grilled cheese and tomato soup, pork shoulder hash, mac 'n cheese, warm doughnuts, and of course, the hot chocolate. The hot chocolate is aaaaamazing. Who knew there were a) such things as homemade marshmallows? and b) that they would be incredible. Went with the half espresso half hot chocolate and it was so rich, I absolutely could not finish it. It was a freezing, dreary, soup-kind of day so I went with the tomato soup and grilled cheese. The soup was pretty standard, hearty, tomato. The grilled cheese was awesome. The pumpernickel with tasty cheddar cheese made for perfect dipping into the soup. The doughnuts with raspberry jelly that we started with were excellent, highly recommend. Two of my dining companions were very happy with their choices, which were the burger and the bagel/lox sandwich. We also shared a side of mac n' cheese which was extremely hearty and very filling. This item will tip the scale from "full" to "food coma." Do it. Glad I tried Mindy's, but I wasn't blown away. I'll probably try other spots before returning, turned out to be a rather expensive brunch. Worth going to if only to warm up with the hot chocolate!1 star for the hostesses! You are a hostess, get over yourself! 5 stars for the non pretentious bartender who served us, wish I could remember his name....Hot chocolate is amazing (duh) Mac & cheese is just as delicious!I have lived in the neighborhood for a while and always meant to go to Mindy's. I ordered the fried chicken and it was delicious. The only thing keeping me from giving a higher rating is the price. The appetizer cheese plate was $12 and barely enough for two people. The hot chocolate was $6 for a 12 oz cup. While it was very good, I thought it was a little too expensive. The fried chicken dinner was $22 and the only thing on the side was a small helping of potato salad and a biscuit. While all the food was good, I felt it was a little too pricey.A Yelp math equation:Three stars for food averaged with five stars for dessert = four stars for Mindy's Hot Chocolate.The hype -A friend of mine suggested this restaurant for a dinner during our girls night out on the town. Because she's a local in the area and because another time when I was walking past I noticed a crazy line, I was looking forward to eating here.When we arrived, we spotted the usual line and was grateful we did not have to wait more than five minutes for a table because we made a reservation and we were only a party of two. I came to realize that the wait here forms because this is the type of establishment that will serve a customer each dish once it's completed, so the length of a meal could go on for however long one desires. In addition, it's a small spot and a bit crammed for all the people that it seats.The meal -We split the three main courses - appetizer, entree and dessert to get a little variety and to fill up just enough so that we were satisfied but had room for drinks at a nearby bar.The Wild Mushrooms starter was hearty with the woodsy veggie and thick cut lardon. It was rich from the foi gras butter, but just too oily for me.As for our mussels entree, it turned out to be a huge bowl with thick-cut, grilled sourdough bread on the side to sop up the broth. The mussels were cooked just right, as the shells were slightly open and the meat was tender and plump, but they were much smaller in size than I would like. The broth was balanced - creamy with a slight kick from jalapeno and a subtle sweetness from the red onion. I honestly would have picked up that giant bowl and downed the remaining liquid if I was in a more casual place with more space to lift it.Of course, the dessert stole the show, with the acclaimed pastry chef here.The Mint Chocolate Pot de Creme was luxuriously smooth and uniquely refreshing. Every time I took a spoonful, it felt like I was eating a pudding version of a candy cane because frothed milk with a red syrup topped the mint green creme. It came with a shot of minty hot cocoa and a dark chocolate sandwich cookie dipped in more minty-type of syrup. Crushed-up candy cane dusted around the plate completed the perfect seasonal dessert.We decided to try this place for dessert after dinner Friday night.  At first I was worried it'd be a long wait since we didn't have reservations.  The bar seating is also not first-come-first serve.  The hostess gave us a 30-minute estimated wait time, but was able to seat us at the end of the bar within 10 minutes.Hubby ordered the pretzel, which was deliciously buttery.  I ordered the medium hot chocolate, but the bartender thought I said "mexican" so instead of a hint of caramel, I got a surprise jolt of cayenne!  He was really apologetic and corrected my order.  The medium hot chocolate was so decadent - the best thing I tried!  I also ordered the "thoughts on a chocolate cake study".  They were small portions, but still big enough to share between two people - one bite per person of each offering.  The best was the "frozen" aka chocolate ice cream, following by "pudding", "layered", "flourless", then "cocktail".I would like to come back to try another dessert - the ice cream flavors looked very intriguing.  Or I may return just for the hot chocolate, medium, not mexican.I've been here before and had absolutely terrible service, but the dessert was so good I had to come back. This time around, my server was nice, but definitely recommended some less than awesome choices. On her recommendation, we ordered:- Hot buttered rum ($10ish): Came out lukewarm, and overall tasted too strongly of alcohol.  Not impressed.- Five course tasting chocolate cake menu (a whopping $24 for approximately 8 bites!! Note the 2 exclamation points and my general distaste for exclamation points.): unfortunately, I found the cocktail to be gross, and only two of the four chocolate items to be good. This is not worth your money, though our waitress was giving us the hard sell on this. Stick with the classics like banana bread pudding. - Brussel sprouts: Nothing to complain about really. A nice smokey flavor, though don't know of I would I've it a second order. - Mexican hot chocolate: Way too cinnamony for me, but the homemade 'mallow was legit as usual.  I should have known after my Mexican hot chocolate experience at Xoco that anything too cinammon-y isn't for me.  I'll be back, but not for a while.  This experience was not up to par, so I'm a little hesitant to come back and deviate from my staples.So I decided to try Mindy's Hot Chocolate with some friends for Sunday brunch, which they happen to open at 10am. We got there a little before 10 and so we waited outside with a few other parties. At 10, the hostess said she could start taking down names..... wait, what? Why do you need my name, seat us at a table!She took down all our names and party size and then we waited longer..... Now it was about 10:15 and the restaurant was empty with the exception of all of the people lingering waiting to get seated. I asked the hostess how much longer and she said, "not too much longer." So I asked her if they actually opened at 10:00 and what was going on. She told me that they waited and spaced out tables so the kitchen doesn't get slammed with orders. Instead of seating the few parties that waited, and maybe getting us water and coffee, we all waited staring into an open and empty restaurant. So I told her that was a pretty crazy rule, and the hostess responded in a nasty tone under her breath, "Apparently you have never worked in a restaurant, you have no idea how anything works." Interesting. That girl actually has no idea what I do, or if I am writing a food blog on that restaurant. It was enough to get me to write about it on here.Overall the food was okay, nothing too exciting, but nothing bad. I'd think about trudging over there for okay food, except the service was so horrible, it wouldn't be worth it. Too bad they just didn't let us sit, sip coffee and look over the menus.We decided to head here because it has so many reviews on Yelp, which is typically a draw for me to go visit new restaurants. Here are some of the reasons why this is a five-star experience and a must-go place for any Chicagoan...1. Wait to be seated: Although this is a very busy and not too big of a place, we were a walk-in of three and were able to be seated in 45 minutes. They said they would call my cell when the table was ready (way better than some beeper system!) so we went down the street to wait at a bar. Perfect timing for a drink before our meal.2. Wait staff: We ended up seated at the bar, which we noted we would be willing to do, and the bartender gave us some great recommendations - what food was popular and what food was preferred by the staff. We order the cheddar biscuits (ORDER THESE!) and shared the Crab Cake sandwich with a size of cauliflower and pickles. Crab cakes were to die for, so fresh. And pickles/cauliflower were made in house and seasoned with a little kick - we loved them. However, we heard we should try to save room for dessert - which was a good choice.3. Desserts: We ordered the Sugar Pie, Citrus Cheesecake, and Donuts. The chocolate you dip the donuts in was a perfect touch, so yummy. And I've never had a cheesecake like this before; great balance of citrus and sweetness of cheesecake. ANd the sugar pie was recommended by the bartender (which was a GREAT choice.)4. Beer menu: Huge selection of craft brews, a must for Chicago and a great way to pair and balance out a great meal. Wouldn't have been the same without the beer.If you go - order exactly what we did. We'd suggest making a reservation, though!Hot Chocolate is one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  Whenever I go, I usually get their pretzel and queso appetizer, bacon cheeseburger, mac and cheese, and a white hot chocolate.  Everything is consistently good and I always have leftovers.  Their beer and wine list is very good as well.  Lots of local beers which changes frequently.You can also get their hot chocolate to go which we've done a few times.  It's not cheap $6/7 but it's the best hot chocolate I've ever had.  Save your calories for this one folks.If you're like me, you've also had the following conflict while writing a review:On the one hand, it's sweet that we all have this little soapbox on which we can stomp our feet and flash the audience, but I think some of us take ourselves just a bit too seriously. Does my individual opinion really matter? Seriously?!? Look bitches, if I was a legitimate food critic, I'd be popping the top of Tom Colicchio's Le Creuset or massaging Jeffrey Steingarten's flabby ass with Extra Virgin Olive Oil but the fact is: I'm not. I'm just like me and me. And I only count in the aggregate.On the other hand, while I respect the democratization of taste, well, YOU KNOW I have a few reservations about democracy and group-think in let's say aesthetic matters. Some opinions matter more -- because, well, they're CORRECT. I mean, when those Greek elitist fucks were signing up slaves for entry to Plato's Republic of Philosopher-Kings and pederasts, I was all WOO GET ME A DAY PASS, BITCHES! and then they threw me in the cave where I was bum-rushed by Socrates.Behold the Scylla and Charybdis from which I can't escape 'cause I ain't Aeneas. So I always ask myself: WHAT DO I HAVE TO CONTRIBUTE?Now most of you will say "getting fucked up the ass," and maybe I've been butt burgled a few times, but, really, fuck you for judging me. I don't get as much action as you think. I can't even remember the last time I was plowed, but it was totally awesome. In fact, I can't even remember the last time I even SAW a penis. Other than my Father's. Oh, that was awkward. Well. I think I can honestly speak on the following topic:Chocolate.I love chocolate.I love chocolate like a postal worker loves his glock, like a swinger loves his notched bedpost, like a teen loves her ripped hymen, like a gay man loves his ripped -- well, you get the picture.So when I say there's some pretty fine motherfucking chocolate and desserts at Hot Chocolate, you betta TRUST.Thanks to the expert scouting of my dining companion, we were only here for dessert. After waiting 20 minutes for seats at the bar (a table would have been an hour or more), we ponied up saloon-style and defrosted from the 15-degree weather in the buff, burnished space of exposed rafters, auburn banquettes, and caramel daybeds. The warm lights flickered across the dessert menu we perused as the chatter from the other patrons oscillated between vexatious and deafening. I ordered the "Ode to the Whatchamacallit" -- man, I loved that candy bar when I was a little shit -- along with a mug of Mexican Hot Chocolate.When the "Ode" arrived -- a milk chocolate peanut butter mousse with malted caramel, cocoa crisps peppering the plate, and a thin shot glass of a peanut butter milkshake -- I was a little skeptical. There was nothing Pindaric or, fuck, even Homeric about this "ode": instead of something elaborate, structured, and well-wrought, this so-called "ode" to my beloved Whatchamacallit was separated into the constituent elements! Ugh. WHAT THE FUCK, CHEF SEGAL?!?! But then I savored the sublimely nutty evanescence of the mousse as the dryness of the malt in the caramel supplied the gustatory antistrophe; I relished the milkshake as it rounded off both elements in a creamy epode; and I rejoiced. WELL-PLAYED, CHEF SEGAL! A worthy homage to a classic indulgence.Then I let the thick liquefied cacao of the Mexican Hot Chocolate course over my tongue like the undulations of the sultry Rio Grande. And you know what? I loved it so much I wanted to shove it up my ass. And had I done so, it would have been the first time anything Mexican was in my ass. Which is, like, a total lie. Even though it's the truth. Except for that time with the chorizo. Or that time with the prickly nopales. Or that time with Subcomandante Marcos and a fistful of Virgen de Guadalupe medallions. Or -- OHGAWD I'm a dirty pirate hooker and you all hate me.I highly recommend Hot Chocolate. I also recommend great anal sex. Not specifically at Hot Chocolate, of course -- I mean, in general.This review is for the hot chocolate only. My BF and I split a medium hot chocolate and it was amazing. It tasted very much like a decadent, melted candy bar. On the one hand it was very delicious, extremely rich and velvety and the homemade marshmallow was also nice and chewy. But I doubt I'd get it again because it was so, so sweet. And I can't imagine drinking a whole one. I think I'd go into diabetic shock. I actually think I would have liked it more if it had been cut down with some more milk, but I'm glad I tried it. But $7 for a hot chocolate and an extra buck to split it into two cups seems a bit ridiculous. Still, I'd been wanting to try it for a while, so no regrets. One warning: Do not drink this right before bed like I did. Both me and my BF did not sleep well at all due to the large amounts of chocolate/sugar we drank.Because I still have the taste of my vanilla milkshake lingering in my mouth, I decided I simply could not wait to write this review. I'm a little mixed on exactly how to rate Hot Chocolate. The food? Outstanding. Doug, our server? The bomb-diggity. The rude hostess who acted like she was doing us a favor by seating our group at one table rather than two tables? A huge downer to the beginning of our experience at Hot Chocolate. For that alone, I almost want to go down to 3 stars, but that simply wouldn't be fair to the fabulous food and slick service we were provided. So let's get down to business! My champers was sweet and tasty. And well priced at $18 for a split. I liked the blossom champagne drink with lavender and a sugar cube too, but also to be appreciated was the Greyhound. Its just Grey Goose and grapefruit juice, but wowza, was it ever tasty! Appetizers included the sourdough bread with Parmesan butter spread and the beer soaked pretzels with cheese and mustard dipping sauces. The sourdough was piping hot and actually more on the multi-grainy side, so it was a nice surprise. The pretzels were the clear winner, though. Actually, the cheese sauce was the star. I believe the bowl was actually licked clean. Really. Our entrees ran the gauntlet from steak to gnocchi with pork cheeks to lamb sandwiches and the mushroom lasagna. Just a few issues with the food service before I start gushing. The steak was supposed to be served with a fried quail egg, but the kitchen didn't let us know they were out until it actually came to the table. Also, one of our lasagnas was delayed. Truly, no matter though, because the entrees were, in a word, scrumptious. The lasagna was described to me by Server Doug as rustic and hearty. He couldn't be more on target. It was heavy on the mushrooms, the fresh tomato sauce was on point and the crusty top layer of the lasagna was so good. I ate every bite, even the spout salad, which I'm fairly certain was a garnish. Now, dessert time. Shoot, this place is called Hot Chocolate, so I expected the desserts to be out of this world. And they were! My vanilla milkshake (topped with fresh, unsweetened whipped cream) was so, so, so good! Served with 2 cookies and an extra sidecar of milkshake, it was the perfect topper to my meal. The creme brulee was HUGE and the ice cream sampler was superb (the salted caramel and mint chip were the best). I simply cannot say enough about Doug, our server-extrondiaire. He made our table feel special and well taken care of. He was knowledgeable on the menu, he took time to make suggestions and we even talked shop on other Chicago eateries once he discovered he had a table full of foodies. He's a keeper, Hot Chocolate! My belly is very, very happy right now.I had been here last year for some hot chocolate and a bite of dessert. I was impressed.I came again a couple months ago for brunch.  Today, I am still craving the smoked fish plate.  I have a weakness for smoked fish and this was the best brunch presentation of smoked fish I've had.  Two types of fish rather than one, a very good bagel, a perfectly ripe, juicy heirloom tomato... Drool.The bloody mary I had left something to be desired, but the smoked fish? Mmmmm heaven. I could eat that every day.*pop*Yeah, thats the sound of me losing my bacon virginity.It was cold, and kind of late.  The handsome man with me decided we should go to Hot Chocolate for some eats.We were promptly seated at the bar, as we didn't want to wait for a table.  I had a beer.  The menu's arrived.  My eyes got big."Maple smoked bacon?" I asked myself.  Could I do it? On a burger?  "Why not!", and so I placed my order, and my fate was set.The food arrived before I could finish the beer - and it was lovely.  The bun was perfect, the burger was cooked just right - and on top of the burger, sat the bacon.  Could I take a bite?Girl, I was HUNGRY.  I ate that burger like it was no ones business.  The fries on the side cried out for me to eat them too, but I was too focused on getting my first bit of pork into my system.  And was it worth it? Hells yeah.  That was a good burger.The bar tender slash waiter was very attentive, and made sure my water glass was never empty.  He didn't interupt the conversation I was having with the handsome man who brought me there.I loved that it was dimly lit, but not so dark I couldn't see.  I think it did take the edge off pushing that burger and bacon down my pipe though.  I loved the hardwood floors, and the old mahogany bar.  The back wall was stocked with booze, and lots of glasses.  And the cocoa selection (which I didn't try, and for which they are apparently known for) sat untouched while I demolished my burger.I was quite pleased with Hot Chocolate - the staff, and the ambiance.  I would definately suggest stepping out of the cold to indulge here!I cannot NOT love this place.It would be contrary to the essence of Paige.I mean...I like hot things. Boys, showers, that kind of thing. And I like chocolatey things. Bunnies, showers (what?), that kind of thing.My adoration for Hot Chocolate, then, is pure logic.This place gets packed on weekends for good reason. Fantastic, ebullient service -- shout-outs to the super-hot, charming Doug and the scripted but terribly descriptive Sonny -- and just-how-they-described-it (but still pleasantly surprising) food.Yes, it's expensive, but you get what you pay for. Restaurants of this caliber don't need to offer Cheesecake Factory-size portions for a good value.If there had been much more of my seasonal cherry dessert on the plate, I might have vomited on the spot. From sheer bliss overkill or sudden diabetic shock. You pick. (Or maybe both.)The espresso I ordered, however, was about two shots too many and about sent me through the roof. Over the past (neverending) winter, I tried the homemade Oreos (WHAT) and Mexican hot chocolate, both of which were as droolworthy as the aforementioned Doug who brought them to me. And on my next visit?One of those juicy burgers with fresh, house-made potato chips. And ketchup in a cute little white dish. For some reason, that just makes a difference.My boyfriend and I only stopped by for dessert since we were still full from dinner. Their chocolate is the best hot chocolate in Chicago! We both had the medium with the marshmallow on the side,  and it's just as good whether you choose to dip it in the hot chocolate or melt it and mix it in. Their dessert menu is also great-- glad we stopped in and will definitely be back!Stopped in last night for a cocktail and the pretzel appetizer I loved so much my first trip here.  My sister and I (the lovely Laurel P.- see the similarity in last initials?) sat at the bar where we were taken care of quite well by their new bartender. He was super friendly and helpful, quick with the drinks and even let us taste some of the specialty liquors that we were unfamilier with.  Laurel's blood orange fizz was pretty good, not as sweet as expected and my glass of malbec was great- and a pretty generous pour as well!So the pretzel appetizer was good.  I loved the actually pretzel part- they were salty, hard on the outside and soft and piping hot on the inside, but the accompaniments have changed.  Instead of the taleggio fondue and whole grain mustard they were served with mustard butter, which was good, was not as good as the cheese- few things are as good as melted cheese!By the way- the new hostess was super friendly and sweet, big smiles from her when we arrived and left, and she gave us brownie samples!WOW- this place smells better than my neighborhood!! And if you're wondering why my neighborhood smells so good it's cause I live right near the Bloomer Chocolate Factory. I smell chocolate morning, afternoon, and night!!Hot Chocolate smells so good because pastry guru, Mindy Segal, and her staff are busy whipping up delicious desserts. They even have a little bakery up front and let's just say I pretty much wanted everything in the glass case.  Chocoholic in the house!!My friend and I came for a Sunday brunch. I had called at 10 AM and asked how long the wait was and the gal who answered the phone said "it's pretty much empty so come on over sista!" An hour later me and another "sista" met up here and the place had filled up!  We were told we could eat at the bar or wait about 20 minutes for a table. Table please! 40 minutes later we were still waiting, but the hostess was very sweet and apologetic, which made the wait less painful...Once we finally sat down we soon learned that the food was worth the wait! We both ordered the medium hot chocolate because you can't come to Hot Chocolate and not get the hot chocolate! Duh!! The medium was made up of milk chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and a hint of caramel (i think the caramel is what really sold me on it). Oh, and I can't forget the homemade marshmallows! It was as good as it sounds- and the fluffy homemade marshmallow was the key to making this extra tasty! As for our meals I ordered the homemade granola- a small serving, but perfect for me since  I was pretty full from the hot chocolate.  And I was stoked when my friend ordered the buttermilk pancakes so I could have a few bites- cinnamon pancake with pumpkin cheesecake cream and graham cracker crust! YUM! These very rich pancakes could give Bongo Room a run for their money...I noticed at a few tables nearby that the brioche french toast looked pretty tasty as well! So perhaps I'll get the french toast next time...although the next time i step foot in Hot Chocolate I'm hoping it will be for dessert!Hot Chocolate is a great concept.  A high-end dessert restaurant that excels at more than just one specialty such as ice cream or cakes.  Sure, they serve regular food, but who cares?I first discovered this joint last winter when they warmed me up with the Mexican hot chocolate--the best cup of ANY hot chocolate that I have ever imbibed.  Another time I stopped in after a date for dessert and enjoyed one of the wonderful milkshakes, mint chip, naturally.  On Sunday I wanted dessert but also hungered for the hot pretzels thanks to Erin P.'s review.  (I've been on a soft-pretzel kick recently.)  So we had those for a dessert appetizer.  I didn't care for the mustard (too sweet and too textured thanks to the whole seeds) but the cheese was great.  Too bad that we couldn't QUITE finish both pretzels.  But we had to save room for dessert after all.In the meantime, the couple to my right had vacated their table, leaving one of their brioche doughnuts on the plate.  After a few quick glances around, I reached over, snagged a dollop of hot fudge on my fork, jabbed the doughnut, and stuffed the whole thing into my mouth before anyone could see.  It was good but would have been a lot better when warm, I suppose.  I went with the signature dish, Chocolate #1, which is some kind of delicate-crusted pastry with hot fudge in the middle and served with the salted caramel ice cream.  Fantastic.  Excellent combination of flavors.  I also had several sips of the caramel and stout milkshake, thanks to the generosity (and full stomach) of my lady friend across the table.  Talk about a unique flavor.  I've been making Guinness milkshakes at home for years, but those are mild compared to the very interesting tang in this concoction.  I wouldn't even say that I "liked" it, but I couldn't stop taking sips because it was just so damn interesting.  All in all, a great place, although I would have appreciated a little more elbow room.  Despite the relatively light Sunday-night crowd, about five occupied two-tops in a row were packed in like sardines.  At least it proved interesting to watch a first date crash and burn at the table to my left.I loved nearly everything about Hot Chocolate. Is it a restaurant that happens to sell exquisite desserts or is it a dessert cafe that also has remarkably delicious food? Whichever it is, I'm officially a fan.Enticed in by my $10 A La Card, my beau and I had brunch there yesterday. We were warned that it would start filling up by 11:00, so we got there at 10:30, and it was already so busy that we had to sit at the bar, which wasn't a problem at all.I always look at online menus prior to my first visit, and their breakfast sandwich (fresh ricotta, roasted tomatoes, fried egg and herbs) sounded tailor-made for me, so you can imagine my dismay when I arrived, looked at the menu, only to discover that they changed it. I rebounded though, and ordered the current version, which was scrambled egg whites, avocado, and salsa verde, served on a toasted multi-grain baguette, with fresh fruit on the side.Naturally we started with the doughnuts, which were really more like churros, but they were damn delicious. Really, only the addition of a chocolate sauce (they're served with house-made raspberry preserves) would have made them more perfect. The raspberry preserves were no slouch, but a place with 'chocolate' in its name should serve it with as many menu items as possible.My bf ordered their smoked fish platter, served with a house-made bagel, smoked salmon and whitefish, incredibly ripe tomatoes, whipped cream cheese, red onions and capers. This beautiful presentation was a feast for the eyes.My sandwich was great and I enjoyed it, but I suspect I would have liked the one featured on their online menu even more. The scrambled egg whites were nice and fluffy and the avocado was appropriately chunky and smeared on both sides of the baguette, The salsa verde added a nice kick to the sandwich. The fruit served on the side was terrifically sweet and fresh and thankfully had no melon. I hate eating cheap filler fruit, but HC really delivered: kiwi, pink gala apples, orange segments and some of the best pineapple I've had in recent memory. The colors of the fruit looked beautiful together and made the presentation even more noteworthy.The smoked fish platter could rival any Jewish deli, and it came with a side of noodle pudding. For those of you familiar with 'kugel' - this is basically the same thing. Think of rice pudding, but denser, and less toothsome. Good stuff, and it would have made my Jewish grandmother proud.We also enjoyed some French-press coffee and freshly-squeezed orange juice. Our brunch was excellent, from start to finish. Add my name to the ever-growing legion of Hot Chocolate fans.Places like this can be difficult to rate because their speciality (hot chocolate & other sweet stuff) far out-performs their food. Medium Hot Chocolate: 5 stars. It's like drinking a chocolate bar. You'll never believe it's real until you actually do it (and I'm not even a hot chocolate person). Macaroni & Cheese: 3 Stars. Pretty much like Velveeta Shells & Cheese that you can make at home. Burger: 3 Stars. Tasty, but nothing too special in the burger world. I'll be back to sample some sweets/drink hot chocolate, but I'll eat somewhere else.Neither rain, nor snow, nor sleet...Yes, it took me and my dining partner some work to get here on a snowy Friday afternoon. Sure, by the time we shoveled the car out of the alley we could've gone elsewhere, but Hot Chocolate was the plan and our just rewards! The decor was really warm and welcoming coming in from the cold, as were the Staff! I love the warm wood accents and open feel of the place. Yet being seated at a table in the middle of the room still felt intimate. The Gunthorp chicken salad looked great, and my dining partner chose the spinach salad and it looked lovely. But snow shoveling worked up my appetite, so I chose the Macaroni & Cheese. Presented solely in a little crock pot, my dish looked like it would barely make a dent in my Manwich Hungry Man stomach, but looks can be deceiving! The gruyere and cheddar were positively rich and tasty. This was one of the richest mac & cheeses I had ever tasted! What a great meal to head back out in the cold, as I had one more stop on my Snowy Day Off Busy Bee Social Tour!Our server was positively a breath of fresh air in a place that would seem to favor pretension. She was attentive enough and would breeze by once in a while asking "How's it going, dudes?". How cute! I have to say that the Macaroni & Cheese was so satisfying and filling I had to pass on HC's signature desserts! That's okay, I wouldn't at all mind a return visit, and like the U.S. Mail, neither rain, nor snow, nor sleet could keep me away!We had eight girls in the back section for a bachelorette party, and had a good time. The music is a little too loud, almost night club-like, but it was a fun and hip atmosphere. I had the Creme Brulee, and it was fantastic. I shared with with a girlfriend of mine, but I could have eating the whole thing. It has a little citrus in it that gives it a great touch. A friend of mine had the Blueberry dessert, which included a blue corn ice cream, crumble and buttery popcorn. Loved it.Service was mediocre. If you are wearing five inch heels, the floor feels a little slippery.-James Beard outstanding pasty chef nominee-House made marshmallows melting or freezing in fresh "hot" chocolate-Fresh sandwich cookies that would even make an Oreo blush--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------These are a few of my favorite things....If you are of the same mind, visit Hot Chocolate. Go for dessert, or to flirt, or both. I did.  Disclamer: I didn't sample the food, I thought it was a sweet shop rather than a restaurant. Food served, but the treats are what won me over.The appetizers are 3.5 stars, but the dessert deserves 4.5 stars!! Mac & Cheese: I read on Yelp that everyone loves this dish, but I just thought it was average. My boy friend felt the same way. I guess we both like Mac & Cheese with a kick. Mussels: I've had better, but still pretty good. Mexican Hot Chocolate: Oh my goodness! It's so rich, creamy, and delicious. I love chocolate, so I love their hot chocolate. The marshmallows are a nice touch. I think they change their dessert menus  quite often, but I always like what they have to offer. They've become more friendly towards us dessert lovers (minus dinner).My first visit to Hot Chocolate went well as my friends and I decided to give it a go for brunch. Before I go ahead and tell you all how great my visit was, I'm still going to give this place 3 stars and it based on pure principle people. Four dollars for freaking coffee that was french pressed? Seriously, invest in some drip machines, forgo the press and drop the price a buck or two. Note to HC, don't say a word to me if I come in with my own coffee!With that out the way, I did enjoy the food quite a lot. We started with the assortment of brunch breads and all of them were very good. I did like the brioche french toast I ordered as the lemon curd and sweet cream did make a difference. I was able to have a taste of my friend's cinnamon pancakes and quickly surmised that he made the best choice of all of us. The whipped apple butter and graham cracker crumbs hit the taste just right. I think I might just come back for that alone.I did peek at their display case of desserts but didn't get anything; however, they all looked so good that perhaps I may need to think about coming back at other times beside brunch. Also, the place is set up very nicely and service on this visit was great too.Of course Hot Chocolate was on my list of things to experience before I left Chicago. And I miss everything about Chicago immensely, including HC. The place is definitely a swanky spot in the heart of Chi...and the way the room is set up is that it's loud, boisterous and intimate all at once.I had the mussels with PBR/cream as an entree, and wow...just wow.. one of the better decisions I've made in my life. My date devoured a lamb sandwich, which was not only super reasonably priced but rich and satisfying as well. We also tried the fried green tomato salad and a house salad, both of which were savory, clean and delicious.For dessert, and of course you must have a dessert at Hot Chocolate, we chose some signatures: the Chocolate #1 and a Peppermint Patty. Can Mindy please be in my heaven so she can make me desserts every day forever?Finally, we got to use one of those Restaurant.com ($2 for $25 worth) coupons, so it wasn't a super huge splurge. And FYI: baked goods are half off on Sunday evenings!!!After a few drinks, salad, and tater tots down the street at Silver Cloud, I was still wanting dessert.  We were parked in front of Hot Chocolate, which lots of people have been mentioning to me, so I went in looking for a cupcake.  I didn't get a cupcake because they only had the mini variety in their case.  I asked the hostess what she liked, but all her recommendations (while very helpful) were for small items and I was in a big ticket mood.  I went with the rocky road brownie; the hostess confirmed it was her favorite  of the brownies.  It wasn't quite what I expected; which would have been chunkier with the nuts, marshmallows and whathaveyou - but it wasTHE BEST F***ING BROWNIE EVER.So moist it didn't even leave crumbs. Like hot fudge magically caked (that's right, I verbed it) with what I presume to be a home made marshmallow torched on top.  No really,THE BEST F***ING BROWNIE EVER.And the cute/helpful hostess threw in her favorite pecan/chocolate fudge cookie for us to try for free.If you want a giant cheap shake go to McDonalds. I thought the portions sizes were perfect, I even expected the bill to be more then it was. Four people for coffee, dinner and dessert, just over $100.When you order coffee you get you own french press, which is very cool. I would highly recommend having a Half & Half (Half Coffee / Half Hot Chocolate) it also comes with their homemade marshmallow. Overall this was some of the best food I have had in awhile. Service was great and the atmosphere was also great. If you're on a date and you don't want to have sushi at Blue Fin, give Hot Chocolate a go.They have the best damn desserts, ever.  And I mean EVER.Yes, their famous brioche doughnuts are good, don't get me wrong, but the seasonal dessert selection is totally where it's at.  Whether it's highlighting blueberries or a chocolate peppermint theme, I adore these creations.Very recently, I had dessert & drinks with my dear friend, Melissa.  Her and I shared three (3!!) desserts:  cherry layer cake, frozen peanut butter mousse cake, and a peach/corn dish.  We loved them all, however, I just could not get over how much the peanut butter dish tasted like a Twix bar!  The peaches were fresh (some chick asked me if they were fresh, um, this isn't the Golden Corral, of course they are fresh) and the corn ice cream was the star.  Corn in ice cream?!  Yes, may I have another scoop, please?The savory side of the menu is still pretty bangin', too.  Make a night of it and do dinner & dessert.  Lovely for groups of ladies, dates, and even when Mom & Dad visit.I'm not really sure how I spent so much money here.  Oh, now I remember, it was the 5 beers my date and I had that equated to $50. Other than that, it was a fairly standard dinner at a fairly nice place.  The staff was very attentive, to the point of intuitive.  We ordered one artichoke salad (deli thin granny apple slices, celery, and artichoke; not bad) - they brought it out on two separate plates.  The waitress overheard me say I was lactose intolerant - she brought out the cheese for the salad on a separate plate.My dinner was an unglorified gyro - but tasty nonetheless.The dessert was what we were there for though.  We tried the Black & Tan (1/3 Hot Fudge & 2/3 Hot Chocolate) - it comes with a marshmallow cube - very good - although Starbucks had something very similar called Chantico - but this one was better.  Also tried the Chocolate #2 (74%) - it was a tiny meringue volcano, erupting with chocolate ice cream.  It went fast - I was lucky to get my spoon in there before my date finished it.  I got the brioche donuts - to my surprise, it came with caramel corn.  Also to my surprise, the hot fudge meant for dipping was not hot.  Nor were the donuts.  It was still pretty good.Synopsis: Wouldn't recommend eating dinner here - or going here for drinks - or drinking if you decide to eat dinner here.  Come for the Hot Chocolate and/or the desserts.  What I learned: Beer that you pour from a bottle into a "snifter" costs more than any other beer.Definitely four stars for dessert, and four stars for their absolutely adorable warring baristas. Here's my story:I was dying for a cappuccino dry -- that means a couple shots of espresso topped with huge foam -- and I didn't want to go to the usual neighborhood suspects. I remembered that I had a pretty good capp there once so I thought I would try it out.I propped myself up at the bar (I'm short and the stools were a little tall for me, but that's not a criticism) and requested the cappuccino from my server, who looked at me baffled. The barista behind him made a snide comment that he shouldn't worry, she had it covered, and thus the pissing match ensued. It was hilarious, both of them competing to see who really was the master of the cappuccino. Hers was served first, and it was close to perfect. "That's not fair, " he protested, "you were a barista at a coffee shop for four years." He then tried his hand at it and presented me with his version for evaluation. I looked at the foam first -- good, small bubbles, held well when upside down -- and then the coffee. Unfortunately, too much milk had comingled with the coffee, disqualifying his attempt. My bill for the entertainment and the two dry capps was around $4.00. I left them a 5 dollar tip. It was worth it.I take any and every opportunity to visit - a change of the seasonal menus, out of town visitors, any special occasion, super hot day for ice cream, super cold day for hot chocolate, feeling menstrual, feeling happy - you know, just whatever. The music is always, always a great and ecclectic mix of what just happen to be a lot of my faves. You never know what exactly will be on the menu, but It's almost always perfect.Mindy has been nominated for all kinds of fancy schmancy foodish awards and is kind of a big deal. Here's just a little of what makes her place special for me, let me count the ways:1)Liberal use of fancy bacon - especially on vegetables, like her fried green tomatoes and her brussel sprouts. I haven't had the pleasure of trying a bacon dessert item from her yet, but I eagerly await it.. Her burger with fancy bacon, aged cheddar and a fried egg is one of the at least top three best burgers in the city.2)Liberal use of butter - It's just wonderfully and welcomely in everything. Her fig bars redefine the cookie, scrambled eggs are like buttah because they're filled with it. Once I had a Swiss cheese, black pepper and honey croissant here that my mother still talks about.3)Liberal use of creativity toward presentation of American classics - Okay, I know this was a wordy category, but that's really what it it boils down to. She uses the same titles for her creations over and over again, like Chicken or Banana or Chocolate or one of her favorites, Cake and a Shake, and each time unleashes the full force of creativity on the medium of food like an artist. Pork might have pork belly and crackling along with tenderloin or sausage. My favorite dessert so far was a piece of red velvet cake with a tiny little red pop float with her homemade strawberry cheese cake ice cream. Her salted caramel ice cream might be my favorite of all times, and I don't say that lightly. 4)The hot chocolate. It is very, very good and served with fancy homemade marshmallows. It is very thick, strong and creamy.I took one star off because it can be pricey, parking in Bucktown is a bitch, once something I ate here made me sick as a dog, they close at times in the middle of the day, once or twice something didn't have a great execution and although most of the staff are pretty cool, one or two have gotten on my nerves before and taken the buzz off of my cocoa high. But I added a half a star for their excellent deal on Sundays where everything in the bakery case it half off, allowing you to satiate a jones even when you're broke. Since Yelp doesn't have half stars you have to round it up or down. I'm rounding up.Went here for dinner the first time the girlfriend met the mom. The place is fairly small, and if you don't really know what it is you're looking for, you're likely to miss it. The beer menu was actually fairly extensive for a place that specializes in pastries, and both the lady and I had a drink at the bar while waiting for my mom. When she arrived we were seated in one of the booths along the wall. Our server was pretty no nonsense through out the night, which is just fine by my book, though I could see how it could be off putting for some. She was very knowledgable and attentive enough where I didn't really mind. The dinner was just ok. My burger was fine. Not the best burger I've had by any stretch of the imagination. And my company seemed to hold the same opinion of their entrees as well. Pretty good food. Not the best.The hot chocolate and desserts were a different story and really the only reason Hot Chocolate is a 4 star review in my mind instead of a 3 star.The doughnuts were absolutely incredible. Decadent, but not so rich that you were done after three bites. The hot chocolate was a little rich, but pretty impossible to put down.My mother got the variations on chocolate cake...a seven (?) course dessert tasting that shows you pretty much every way you could ever think of eating chocolate cake and then some. Awesome.Apparently their brunch is to die for, so I might go back for that and see if it changes my mind about their food...but the hot chocolate and desserts alone make it worth your while to check out.I can't help it- this place irritates me!OK, so the food is good.  The desserts are good.  But I ALWAYS feel like I'm getting ripped off here.  Especially with desserts- $11 is not cheap- more than you'll pay at many good restaurants.  Thus, I expect the desert to full on blow me away or the decor/experience to be really special, or the service to be flawless.  I've experienced none of the above after a couple visits.Some desserts have hit and some have not.  The pumpkin based $11 dessert I had was much more creme-caramel than pumpkin- I was disappointed.  The pear $11 dessert was better, but served too cold (like they yanked it out of the fridge and served it) and the raspberry sauce was pretty flavorless and added little other than color to the dish.  They add flavor with small scoops/bites of unique ice cream flavors- a nice touch.  But too much damned money for what you get food-wise.  If the decor were something REALLY special, maybe.  But the room's pretty much your basic, "contemporary cool" interior- and they didn't splurge on materials in it's construction.  The table tops are Formica(!) on top of Baltic birch plywood, the light fixtures are simple cans aimed at frosted plexiglass.  At first glance the place looks great- don't get me wrong, but the same can be said about Ikea!  So I sit there with overpriced food wondering where the money goes?!?  And they play the music too loud- but I suppose that's to cover the echoes of conversation off of the concrete floor?  Whatever, Franz Ferdinand doesn't go with $11 dessert in my world no matter what.Overall the place feels more cafe than restaurant, with 5star restaurant prices and 3 star food.  Yo might like it, for the $ I don't.I really like this place for dessert but the meals fall a bit short. Nothing on the menu is bad but the portion size is pretty small, especially for the price. I almost feel like I need to eat before, have the meal as an after dinner snack, then gorge on the desserts and delicious beverages... which are all amazing! I recommend the brioche doughnuts... or anything else that's a dessert. Some other points... even with reservations, you will likely have to wait (quite a while) for a table. The food takes some time as well but they have a really great wine and beer selection along with some great specialty drinks of the alcoholic and nonalcoholic sort. To sum it up, this is not the place to go if you're starving but if you're on a first date it's perfect for leaving lag time for conversation and to not fill you up so much that you feel tired or have a gut.When we arrived, Mindy's Hot Chocolate was packed!  However, the hostess informed us that we could be seated in the lounge area (where all the fans and air conditioners were facing), which was perfect as it was 98 degrees that night.  I ordered the signature Chocolate #1 -- warm chocolate souffle with pretzels and salted caramel ice cream on the side.   The souffle had absolutely no grit (even though it's 64% of chocolate) -- it was like eating chocolate butta!I wanted to just be obsessed with a place called Hot Chocolate. What better than my favorite food, warmed up?However, it was sort of...average. The desserts are heavenly though, and this is the 3 stars. Food is OK, but pricey for portion size. I agree with Phil, go for the desserts...have food/drinks elsewhere in Bucktown :)(3.5 stars, but rounding up for the dessert menu)Hot Chocolate offers a menu of comfort food from savory to sweet, but the savory dishes we had were disappointing. The mac and cheese tasted good, but the cheese was more soupy than cheesy. A hamburger with fried egg is one of my favorite things to eat, but Hot Chocolate's was surprisingly boring. Also boring was the Lamb and Krema Kasa, which sounded great on paper: sourdough flatbread with housemade lamb sausage, Carr Valley Krema Kasa cheese, wild arugula, and oregano oil served with pickled beets.Despite this, I wholeheartedly recommend Hot Chocolate for their dessert and pastries. I had a coffee cocoa nib milkshake with my burger that was really good, and it was accompanied by cookies that were great for dipping. For dessert, my wife ordered the Chocolate Again (40 percent), a "milky" chocolate pot de créme served with peanut butter and concord grape jelly sandwich, peanut butter blondie, and milk chocolate peanut brittle, which was really good. I had a Mexican hot chocolate that was easily the best thing I ordered all night. It was a rich mix of 2/3 dark chocolate, 1/3 milk chocolate, and cinnamon, served with a housemade marshamallow. It was nice to see that Hot Chocolate lived up to its name.It was a great place to have a low key dinner with friends! Food is made with fresh ingredients & unique flavors. The Hot chocolate is phenomenal and I have yet to go with someone that has not loved it! Service was great & our waiter was very attentive. Parking is not the best since you have to find side parking but it's Chicago so you should expect that : ) Other than that I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone that can appreciate a unique menu!!The mussels with PBR and organic cream was absolutely divine.  By far my most favorite dish of the night.  However, I felt the other food items were skimming the margin of acceptable.  The burger did not even make me flinch.  The tuna melt and lamb kresa (glorified gyro)  was not bad, but you can get sandwiches more impressionable at Birchwood, not too far away.  While the ahi tuna was horrendous. It was sour and the fish had a whiff of Asian fishmaket stench.  So of course, our anticipation and expectations were highest towards the end of the night with dessert.  I felt like I was waiting for the headliner at a comedy club.  The only difference was the opening act at Hot Chocolate was a little more comical.  Okay that was a bit mean, but the ahi tuna act killed...my appetite for sushi that whole week.    I'm not a devout chocolate worshiper but I have to admit, the Chocolate #1 was something I could convert to.  The warm crust made for such a palatable finish.  Brioche donuts outshined the rest of the desserts among my group.  I guess my somber attitude percolated through this review because I was expecting something more magical with one of the top pastry chefs in the country.  I was hoping for a little more Criss Angel meets Disneyworld.  A cross of America's Got Talent and Top Chef.I've been back here twice in the last week and I've reconsidered my original four star rating (actually, I forgot I'd even written that review).  On both visits we've been seated almost immediately - at a table on a Sunday night and in the lounge area on a Friday.  I didn't notice the music on Sunday, but on Friday Hot Chocolate was playing a weird mix of hip hop, trance, and techno.  It was loud and distracting and didn't seem to fit with the romantic aura they seem to be trying to cultivate.  On the positive side, everyone on the staff has always been gracious (and our awesome waitress on Friday told us the story of the time a man in Portland asked her if she wanted to look in his purse...which was filled with pantyhose).  Anyway, back to the review.  I tried to order the pretzels I enjoyed so much on Friday and was told they were out.  They offered to substitute their monkey bread with the cheese fondue.  Unfortunately this was nowhere near as good as the pretzel.  Both visits we ordered dessert - on Sunday we opted for the Bananas and Butterscotch and on Friday the Apples and Pears (both seasonal desserts, I think).  The Bananas one was far superior to the Apples and Pears one, but to be honest neither blew me away the way I expect a $11 dessert to do.  They were good, and interesting, and clearly well thought out but just not that exceptional.   I also ordered coffee on both visits, which is delivered in a french press.  My date thought the coffee was great, but I just do not like it at all.  Overall I'd still say Hot Chocolate is cute and great for a date, but I think it's overpriced and overhyped.  It's a nice option if you're in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip.Food is a 3, but ambiance pushed it up to 4 stars. This small but very well decorated space is cute, cozy, trendy, and artsy all at the same time. Not only are there animal heads (moose or deer head--couldn't tell) mounted on the wall but weird and eclectic art as well.Glad we had made reservations because the place was packed at 9:30 on a Saturday night. Service was prompt and professional. Here's what we ordered:Appetizer: shrimp and grits--goodEntrees: pork belly salad--not goodhamburger--goodtuna melt--not goodDessert: warm doughnuts served with hot fudge--goodMy biggest gripe was with the pork belly salad I ordered. I've had a pork belly sandwich elsewhere and it was delicious and not all fatty, but the two tiny pieces of pork belly here were all fat and no meat whatsoever. Plus, don't let the name fool you!!! This is by no means a salad. Four pieces of arugula a salad does not make!!!Good selection of beer and wine. I ordered the milk stout, which was excellent. This place is definitely worth a visit, but I'd recommend that you skip dinner and just go for drinks and dessert.This place seemed like it's known for their desserts or pastries.  We asked the server for any recommendations for dessert.  He told us that everything was good.  Anything that we ordered would be amazing.  He was WRONG!  I got the BRIOCHE DOUGHNUTS and the MEXICAN hot chocolate.  The doughnut was thick and mushy.  The hot chocolate was super rich!  The flavor was so strong, I could barely drink it.  The only thing I liked was the homemade marshmallow.REVIEWING OLD FAVORITES #1: MY WAISTLINE HAS A NEW ENEMY... And it is the mac n' cheese from Hot Chocolate. Yes we all know about the desserts, the baked goods, and the hot chocolate, but I swear the star of the show is the mac n' cheese with its decadent, ooey-gooey blend of Gruyere and cheddar. It is, without a doubt, the best mac n' cheese I've ever had. If I could get it in IV form, it would be coursing through my veins as we speak. Honorable mention: The wagyu with charred baby corn and cayenne popcorn.On a snowy Thursday afternoon, the lovely Brett D. and I stopped into Hot Chocolate for a toasty lunch. They end lunch service at 2 pm but were very accommodating to us despite stopping in at quarter-til. The waiter did rush us a little bit for this reason but was perfectly nice about it. I ordered the tomato soup and the prosciutto sandwich. The soup was perfectly tomato-y and sweet and my sandwich was well-balanced with the crusty fresh baguette, creamy mozzarella, salty prosciutto and balsamic aioli so good I wanted to just drink a cup of it. Brett did not have such good luck with her BLT choice however, the rubbery bacon was a total turn-off and the lack of that meaty "crunch" was sorely missed. She even tried the universal sign of leaving her plate basically untouched and yet no busboy, nor our server seemed to notice and just cleared her plate away, leaving her hungry and definitely annoyed. I'm sure the signature deserts might make up for the lacking service and ok food but I couldn't tell you that yet. My sandwich was so good I cleared my plate but I wouldn't go out of my way to get it.It was my first time going here last night with Lindley. I'd give Hot Chocolate a 4.5 if Yelp did half-stars. You are paying for presentation first and foremost here, not portions. That half a star is taken off for the costliness to portion ratio. Call me cheap, but a milkshake in a tall skinny glass maybe an 1" across for $6 strikes me as a slight ripoff. Lindley got a passion fruit martini ($12). The soup of the day, mushroom barley, was $8 which also seems steep for a soup. We split two items. The spinach and duck confit salad ($10) was heavenly. It also included honeycrisp apples,  toasted squash seeds and butternut squash. It was fantastic. The Pleasant Ridge cheese in brioche was good, but I'm not sure it warrants the $15 price tag. Wow, this review is really making me sound stingy, but I am pretty broke right now, so it was hard for me to stomach the prices. My stomach loved the food though. A lot. The dessert we split was a special called Taste of Citrus. The presentation on this was impeccable. Three separate desserts on the plate. I think the Triple vanilla ice cream and blood orange sorbet baked Alaska topped my list. Second was the Buffalo milk  ricotta cheesecake. Oh my. I could have eaten a whole piece of this, I'm sure. The wee bites of citrus shortbread with tangelo curd were a bit too tart for my tastebuds. Overall though, dessert was best. Even after we used my $25 restaurant.com gift certificate, our total was $42.74 + gratuity. I may not head back here for dinner, but I will definitely head back here for dessert. We liked our waiter Dave a lot.Thanks to Ali R. my friends and I checked out Hot Chocolate during a weekend girls-only rendezvous. They had great martinis and the prices were fair. They also had a fantastic mac n' cheese, probably the best I've had in Chicago actually. I also loved their brussel sprouts that were as good as my favorite brussel sprouts you can find at Solstice in San Francisco. We ordered multiple dishes to share...fyi, this is not really a "sharing" menu, so to speak. The appetizers weren't all that big so I would recommend ordering your own entree and then splitting however many appetizers look appealing and that you can handle. I wasn't impressed with the scallops.The desserts were a work of art in and of themselves. I ordered the smore and it was delicious. The pastry chef here has won a couple of very prestigious awards so I would highly recommend saving room before you leave. They also have a variety of hot chocolates and other yummy dessert drinks.Definitely a very fun and swanky place to bring out of town visitors and they have a pretty diverse menu so should be able to satisfy even your pickiest of friends.Whoa! Best mac 'n' cheese ever. Amazing burgers. Even the chips are melt-in-your mouth good. Great wine selections, knowledgeable and accommodating staff, sweet atmosphere (although, you may wait a bit to be seated as it's not the largest dining room), tempting desserts in the display case.... I never even ordered a hot chocolate.Ugh.I really wanted to like this place, and based on what I saw on the website I thought it wouldn't be a bad place for the wife and I to have a date night.  Unfortunately, the place fell flat on its face for me.First of all was the atmosphere.  The website made the place out to be a little dark and trendy, but kind of romantic and a good date spot.  Instead, we got music that was too loud and equally loud patrons trying to yell over the music.  If the wife and I hadn't made a special trip we probably would have walked out before we sat down, but we pressed on.When we were eventually seated, we got seated right next to the register at a wobbly table which was filled with too much stuff (tricky fellows putting a water bottle on the table so no one had to come around and fill it).  My wife is soft spoken so i had to lean way over the table to hear anything she said.  After this, we waited at least 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged our presence after we sat down.  We were nearly ready to walk out when our server finally came up.  I was so disappointed already that I wanted to avoid giving this place money as much as possibly could, so I opted for a beer and to split the dessert (the Chocolate #1) with the wife.  After what felt like too long, our drinks arrived (the wife bought a Cold Chocolate which would have been good had it been three dollars cheaper) and after yet more waiting our dessert creation finally arrived.Unfortunately, all we got was a tiny dollop of caramel ice cream, a pretzel, and a chocolate souffle tart which was nothing special at all.  For twelve dollars a portion, your dessert had better knock my fucking socks off or be gigantic, and this accomplished neither goal.  After that, it was yet more waiting for our check to arrive so we could finally get out of there, and the only reason we got out of there as quickly as we did was that another server noticed my wife holding her credit card and tapping it on the table after about 10 minutes of waiting.  Kudos to her for noticing and helping us get out of that dank pit.  I felt bad seeing how much money was on that check, knowing that we had paid way too much money for what we received.  Hot Chocolate is a mistake we won't be making twice unless someone else is paying.I'm not sure why this place is on every deal page with gift certificate offers up the wazoo and free this and free that. Maybe the location? Could it be that it's a tidge overpriced for what it is? If I didn't have my $50 GC in hand, me and my two gal pals would have been sorely disappointed. . . and broke. BUT, let's not dwell on what would have. . .I had the mac and cheese. After a chat with another pal, it was described as the indisputable (and cheapest, I might add) main item on the menu. Done. I had a great Ephemere beer by my favorite French brewery, Unibroue, and also tried their seasonal tomato soup. Mac and cheese and tomato soup. How could this be bad? And it wasn't. It was delicious.  Really and truly. One friend ordered the pork and she loved it, and my other diva ordered the mushroom lasagna. She was a bit disappointed there was a salad on top. Maybe on the side next time?And so we concluded with "The Story of Chocolate" or something equally narrative and the seasonal banana offering. And that's where it all came together. It's a dessert place FOR SURE, at at $11 a pop, make it a meal why don't you. And we will. I wouldn't trudge up here again in shit weather, but we'll be back in the summer time for more sweets. And another stout and caramel milkshake.I may get bashed for this review but it has to be done.  My experience here was awesome all the way up to the end which is why I didn't give it 1-2 stars, but this is why I did not give it 4-5 stars either.  The food and ambiance is good for a Sunday morning brunch.  Kind of dark with a lot of natural light and minimal fixtures around the restaurant.  The food was excellent with good portions for the price you would pay.  Everything was good until the waiter at the end brought us our bill and this is where it just went straight downhill.The waiter we had was a complete douchebag and basically blamed us for his mistake and assumption that we like to drink at 11am in the morning.  His excuse was that he worked the night shift so he automatically assumed that we wanted the alcoholic version of a drink that we ordered.  No drink menu was given to us and the waiter was just an asshole about it and ruined our experience with his snide response and condescending tone.  HEY, do your job and relax!  It wouldn't have been a big deal if it was handled politely and it's not like we couldn't afford the brunch, I mean we didn't complain about a single thing throughout the meal so why the sudden burst of assholeness?Other than this experience the food was good, just that server needs to stick to his night shift where he can get away being a bag of douche.This restaurant had me at the word chocolate in their name.My sister and daughter suggested we come here for lunch.  I am lucky to be related to such smart people.Lamb sandwich was luscious - probably the best sandwich I have ever had!  And the grilled cheese - grilled greatness.  We split a Mac and Cheese which was a creamy concoction of cheese heaven.Then there was dessert.  We split the cookies of which I could only eat one, I know, I am disappointed in me also.  Wait to hear why - I had the Mexican hot chocolate.  ¡Ay caramba was that fabulous!  Thick, chocolaty and just the right amount of cinnamon.  Viva México.My sister got the doughnuts and they were also delicious.What a great meal - I know you are jealous you don't have my sister and daughter recommending fun trips to the city.  So invite your own family and friends and give this place a try.  I think that James Beard might know what he's talking about.Whose idea was it to put live, potted plants in the restaurant above the tables? The scent of musty, moist soil wafting from above my head kept interfering with my enjoyment of the chocolate soufflé tart with salted caramel ice cream and homemade pretzels. The wobbly table didn't help the situation. Not the best sister date I've had. Please take those plants down and leave them outside.Just went for brunch yesterday morning. The food was quite good. I had the buttermilk biscuit sandwhich. The biscuit part was the best I'd ever had. The sausage, however, was disappointing. My girlfriend had the ricotta egg sandwich, which was ridic. I'm not partial to ricotta, but this had some other stuff in it I guess (tomatoes and herbs) which just made it the best breakfast sandwich ever. The hashbrowns are tiny little red potatoes that are so-so imo, so don't go if you're looking for conventional starches. The bloody mary I had was also excellent, but at $9 for a smaller than average BM (oh my god I hate that abbreviation! Sick!) I couldn't afford to catch a buzz on them. I was impressed with the decor as well. There was a lot of brown leather which makes me feel kind of like Magnum P.I. at a bordello. In other words - comfortable. Our server was kind of weak though, and the guy that brought us our food told me my biscuit was "so flaky flaky it just might flake off!" So beware that you might not be as cool as the people that work there. Also, there is no salt and pepper on the tables. I don't really believe that it's that level of restaurant (Charlie Trotter was nowhere to be found), but whatever... that's the hipster lifestyle we've chosen.I'd always heard that this place was the rave, and finally went this summer as an after dinner treat to celebrate my birthday. First of all, I was thrilled that we could get a table for a group of 5 on a Saturday night. Our waiter was a dear! (Doug, I think was his name?) Friendly, on the verge of flirty, but not annoyingly so. He gave us a few free items so that's always stellar. We shared a few of the ice creams, cupcakes and other decadent yummies--ridiculously good! The hot chocolate in the big jumbo cup was delightful and rich. Having never tasted anything like it, I conclude that it must be what hot chocolate is supposed to taste like! Enjoyed the art that decorated the cozy atmosphere. Presentation of everything was ecclectic too. It was a bit on the dim side, but who needs sight when everything is sweet? I'd recommend it as a place to hit for a date as well as for a girls night out.In the end, we walked out on a sugar high. It's definitely a spot for gettin' a sweet something after dinner and I'll be sure to go back to check out the food.Hot Chocolate? More like hot damn those prices are awful.I mean, I love hot chocolate and am a chocoholic. I consume chocolate in some form or other every day. So I HAD to go there. But, I wish I didn't. And it wasn't even the chocolate's fault, or, not really.So I went, and dragged my husband. The wait wasn't bad- 10 minutes- but then we sat down. The table was right next to the register so we had no peace the entire time. The table was wobbly. I could hear the conversation next to us better than I could hear my husband across from me. The music didn't fit in with the nice decor/overall theme and was waaaay too loud.The online prices were cheaper than the actual ones.I ordered a drink and the Chocolate #1. The gooey bit of the souffle was great. The rest of the souffle, not so much..it lacked flavour. The biscuit was nice, but dear lord the ice cream was great! The portion a smidge too small and slightly unsatisfying as a result.The service was slower than pouring out molasses, but the staff were nice enough.I liked the bottle the water came in-  it reminded like the water bottle we used to dip in my great-uncle's well. I also liked that the water was cold but there was no ice. I'm not an ice fan.I had never been so disappointed whilst eating and drinking chocolate before. It was all compounded by the prices- overpriced.I felt cheated. I could've bought a dozen cupcakes from Bleeding Heart Bakery instead of the money I wasted tonight and had longer lasting pleasure.This could have been a fun night, at a nice place- but all those little things built up quickly and ruined it. VERY disappointed.My boyfriend and I came here after dinner for anniversary dessert and everything was great!The restaurant itself is very romantic and lit by many candles and small lights.  There are tables as well as booths and a small lounge area in the front.  We had to wait, but it was totally worth it.  We got some great wine from the bar while we were sitting and waiting for a table.  When we were seated, our server was very, very friendly.  I had the banana plate which included cakes, ice creams, etc. - everything banana!  It really was delicious, especially the bananas flambee - it was soooo good.  My boyfriend had the chocolate/peanut butter plate which included similar dishes to the banana plate.  He agreed that it was a great dessert.We ended the evening with great Greek coffee - it was to die for.I would definitely come back here for more dessert - or to try the dinner entrees!  Some of the patrons around us were eating dinner and all of their dishes looked excellent, so I'd definitely come back for a try.Caution:  this review may be affected by the diabetic coma I have slipped into upon leaving the restaurant.Worth it?  You bet.Lovely from start to finish - when I called to make a reservation, the hostess was lovely.  When we arrived, she was lovely.  Our server?  Freaking awesome and hilarious.  (Though I do wish he had been a little less chatty with his server buddies and hot cop friends towards the end - it delayed the whole paying and leaving thing.)Drinks: they do have a small, but decent drink menu.  Nothing really caught my eye, so I went with a glass of prosecco.  It was yummers.  My friend went with the effervescent cocktail, and she was quite pleased with it and I have to admit I sort of wished I had ordered that.The food.  Ah, the food.  My friend had their special - some sort of crab sandwich.  It looked good, and I do not even eat crab.  She was over the moon happy with it.I ordered the burger, and it was HUGE and delicious.  Huge slab of meat, bacon, and you can even get cheddar cheese and a fried egg on top.  I just kept the bacon because I'm lame.  But did I mention how huge it was?  Eating half of it was like, nearly impossible.  The chips that came with our sandwiches?  At first we were all, 'meh, chips.'  Then we ate them and they were omgsogood.  Yum yum yum.Dessert.  Oh, dessert.  My friend had to have hot chocolate of course - she said it was good, but rich.  We decided to split the creme brulee...  and lordy, I am so glad we split it because it was big enough to feed everyone in Wicker Park.  But so freaking delicious!  Had the sugar shock not set in, I think we both could have eaten the whole thing.  Luckily I started vibrating from all the sugar and I had to make it go away.So to sum things up:Excellent service?  Check.Sweet atmosphere (pun intended)?  Check.Excellent food?  Check.Sure, it's a little pricey, but the smile you will leave with will remind you it was well worth it.Great desserts and huge breakfasts. Both good things separate, but together nearly disastrous. The hot chocolate is phenomenal. We got a mexican and white hot chocolate and did the double split. The top feature is the homemade marshmallow. Had I known that I'd get 8 cubic inches of marshmallow, I would not have ordered the brioche doughnuts. The doughnuts were great, but we didn't need them.On a separate occasion, we took visitors for brunch to HC. The breakfasts were enormous, but not tremendous. I wouldn't wait in line to have brunch, but not a dud by any means.I kind of wish I have never given a 5 star review before. Or that I could give 6 or 7 or 8 stars to this place. There's no way around this: I've never had a better burger. And, where usually I love tomatoes and lots of crap on my burger, all I had here was organic, local beef, 4 year aged cheddar cheese, and a garlic bun. It also came with a side of the most delicious pickles, oh, EVER. We gladly paid $6 for an extra side of those pickles. (I'm sorry grandma.)Every bite + sip of Malbec was a serious mouthgasm. Followed by a bite of pickle put it into the multiple mouthgasm category. It was simply amazing.Then we had some dessert which was also amazing, as predicted.  But damn, that burger.Let me start out this review with a disclaimer--the dessert aspect of Hot Chocolate deserves a solid five star rating. The dinner offerings are around a two star rating at best and the service could definitely use a booster.My boyfriend and I had a dinner reservation at 6:30pm on a Saturday, and we walked into a busy and bustling atmosphere. The hostess quickly seated us upon arrival and our waitress came over to our table shortly thereafter with menus and rattled off the specials for the evening. We quickly put in an order for a Three Floyd's IPA bomber to split from their decent beer and drink menu. The beer came out a few minutes later from the bar and was poured table side, which was nice. Our waitress came back a few minutes later, and we put in our dinner order as follows:1) artisanal cheese board: There were three cheese offerings on the board along with a fruit jam and a small piece of bread cut in half diagnonally. The cheese were good, but I'm sad to say that I have no idea what they were. I could pick out a gouda and a brie, but the menu didn't list which cheese were being offered and when the board arrived it was dumped at the table without an explanation. Our waitress came by as we were finishing the cheese, so it was too late to even bother asking at that point. The cheese were fantastic and we enjoyed the side salad of greens and candied nuts with apple slices that garnished the plate. I'd highly recommend this appetizer, but make sure to ask questions about the cheese in the ordering process.2)hamburger house-ground Heartland beef, organic bacon and Carr Valley 4-year-aged cheddar, house-made pickle on a garlic-toasted sesame bun served with  chips: Fellow yelpers, you truly think this is one of the BEST burgers in the city?! I would place it on par with any burger you can get at a bar or pub in the city, easily giving it a 4 or 5 out of 10. The bun was dry and flavorless, the top crunchy with the added texture of seasame seeds that I found off putting. I couldn't even taste the bacon OR the cheese, which was sorely disappointing. The meat did have a great smokiness to it, and that was about the only thing I enjoyed about the burger. The chips on the side tasted a little burnt and were cold. I'd much rather go to Owen & Engine, Kumas, or the Bad Apple for a much tastier burger for the same price. 3) beef bourguignon red wine braised Heartland Meats beef cheek with rutabaga, Thumbelina carrots, and cippolini onions: Another HUGE letdown. The meat lacked any flavor (seems to be a commonality with the main dishes here) and had a slightly burnt taste to it, as if they over-seared the meat while they were preparing it. Some of the bites had a gelatinous texture which was off putting. The sauce had a nice flavor to it, but it was lukewarm and couldn't save the meat. I'm sad I shelled out $26 for this travesty.Alrighty, now that I've aired my dislike of the food offerings at Hot Chocolate, let's focus on the true gem of this restaurant--the dessert menu. I can only attest to the hot chocolate offering, but they are out of this world. I've had the medium hot chocolate once at the restaurant a few months back, and have bought the mix at the store for preparation at home. It's incredibly creamy and savory with a rich chocolatey goodness. The house made marshmallows are a must and they kick the decadence of this beverage up several notches. Last night my boyfriend and I both went for the Mexican Hot Chocolate which was even better than the Medium offering. It was incredibly spicy, packing a punch of cinnamon and cayenne that was a great ending to the meal on a cold winter night. I want to come back and try their cheesecake as well as their donuts, as those sounded (and looked!) amazing.Hot Chocolate will always be at the top of my list for desserts, but I'd recommend skipping dinner and coming here only for a sweet indulgence. I now realize that there's a reason that the majority of the photos on yelp are focused on the desserts.Hot ChocolateTuesday night, 8pm.The bar.A woman walks up. Starts talking to the bartender.  Glances over at me. This is the conversation."Is that a cupcake tattoo?" she says.    "Why yes it is.""That is so cute.  Are you a cupcake maker?"     "I am a pastry chef, yes." I say.She extends her hand for a proper introduction, and I take it."Hi, I'm Mindy.  I'm the owner."     "Oh, hi!  I'm Melissa.""Where do you work?"     "I'm the pastry chef at a catering company.""Which one?"     "Big Delicious Planet.""I've heard of that.  Aren't you guys the ones who cater for all the concerts?"     "Yes, we are!"End Scene.The food at Hot Chocolate is wonderful.  The pork belly and scallop salad on spagetti sqaush - so good.  The burger?  Tasty?  Homemade pickles?  Even better.The desserts are in a class by themselves.  I don't eat alot a sweets.  I know, weird; considering my job.  However you can't go to someplace like Hot Chocolate and NOT order dessert.  The white mocha pot de creme - delicious.  The s'more that came with it though, was a little off.  Can't quite put my finger on it - but I think the graham cracker may have been a little burnt.  The chocolate souffle tart with salted caramel ice cream - no worries about hunting for the salt, 'cause it's there front and center which was surprising and quite tasty.But thanks to Mindy, because I might now be a diabetic. Crap.Black and Tan hot chocolate is unbelievable! Specially great for the Chicago winter :)Of the many times I've patronized Mindy's, I'd only hung out in the "lounge" with a dessert and a cup of cocoa. I finally came back for dinner! We nabbed cozy seats along the side. For a weekday, we were surprised by the turn out.I ordered the burger as I remembered reading an article a while back touting its worth amongst Segal's fabulous dessert offerings. Came with bacon and cheese. I opted to add a fried egg. The burger was a juicy, greasy mess perfectly held together with crisp, toasted sesame buns. I loved the the tiny condiment squeeze bottles that adorned the plate, along with chips, pickles, and slaw. Needless to say, I was so enthralled with my burger that I didn't care about visually assaulting unsuspecting diners nearby. Perhaps I was ruining the lovely tres romantique vibe with my burger-crazed chomping, but again... I didn't care!We ordered the warm, savory chocolate souffle tart and a hot cocoa. As always, I've never been disappointed by their desserts. I don't know if I'd come back for dinner AND dessert. There's only so much that my tummy can handle. But when push comes to shove, I'll definitely be back for casual convos and dessert!Girls trip to Chicago with most of us PMSing wouldn't have been complete without a trip to a Hot Chocolate, a place more known for their chocolate desserts than their food! The mac n' cheese was delicious! Very normal but still tasty. I also loved the brussel sprouts. The ahi was good. I didn't think the scallops were overcooked but they were small. The appetizers in general were small. 3 of us thought we could split a bunch of small plates but I think we needed 1 more dish. I had the S'mores. Loved the homemade graham cracker! I would have liked more marshmallow, or maybe some marshmallow ice cream with it too as there was a lot of graham. But still overall a delicious dessert. The chocolate soda that came with it - weird! But a fun weird. It was like an unsweetened version of what you'd expect from an Italian Soda with cocoa powder in it. Very interesting.Great specialty drinks, especially the gin one! The service was fantastic, the food was fantastic, our drinks were fantastic, the ambiance was fantastic... It was well worth the trip. Seems like it would make a great date spot. So men... take a lady here and she will love you forever. My advice - Make reservations on busy nights and do not plan on sharing your dessert - they are too good to split!We arrived at 6:30p on a Sunday evening sans a reservation.  As expected, there was a wait for a table (40 minutes for a party of two - wtf??).  So, we resorted to being seated in the lounge immediately.  Our orders came out rather quickly which ameliorated our hunger pains and delighted our hyperstimulated gustatory and olfactory senses.  The mac&cheese of a soupy consistency was velvety-rich, creamy with a hint of smokey note.... absolutely heavenly (and severely artery-clogging).  My date's fancy tuna melt with havarti cheese was pretty solid as well.  Our hot chocolates - the Mexican, the dark chocolate, and the one with the icecream float - were most definitely spot-on and memorable.  I thought the cinnamon flavor in the Mexican one was perhaps a bit overpowering, but I suppose it's a personal preference issue.A trendy, fun and friendly service and ambiance.  Sitting in the lounge area, it was also rather interesting to be "hit on" by someone while my date briefly left the scene for a restroom break.  I'd love to go back in the midst of a blizzard for a large cup of hot chocolate and a comfortable banter.I tested the waters at Hot Chocolate with the roommate and our gay male date on a Sunday night.  The place was busy but not crowded when we arrived, and we were given our choice of seating locations.  We chose a table over the bar and the front lounge area since we were going to have a full meal and not just dessert.  During dinner, the place filled up with a surprising combination of families, emo kids, and cute couples.Our waiter was an absolutely charming goofball who read our minds by guessing the beer each of us wanted with our entrees.  Perhaps he overheard us or maybe we were just making really obvious choices, but it was pretty funny and impressive at the time.  I had a nice thick burger complete with sharp cheddar and bacon.  I passed on the "egg on top" option and was really grateful that they served the ketchup and Dijon mustard (my arch nemesis) on the side.  The roommate had a glorified grilled cheese, and our date had a cheese-filled brioche.  Both looked scrumptious.When it came time for dessert, I asked our adorable waiter for a suggestion that didn't involve caramel.  His first suggestion was a pear dish, but when I revealed my aversion to warm fruit, he highly recommended the souffle and even served it to me without the caramel sauce.  I expected to be floored, but my dessert didn't rock my world.  The very generous roommate let us try a bite of her doughnuts dipped in chocolate sauce, and that made my mouth water!Hot Chocolate is a little pricey and, I admit, a bit overrated, but they get extra points in my book for good service and great doughnuts.Heaven comes in a mug and is served at Hot Chocolate.  We landed at Hot Chocolate for dessert on Saturday.  It was rather late so there was no wait and we were able to be seated immediately.  I honestly didn't know what to expect.  I figured they had to have hot chocolate but knowing they had a full fledged dinner menu, I figured hot chocolate could also refer to the feel of the place and that the drink was just an obligatory item on the menu.  When I saw that you could order your hot chocolate variety in light, medium, dark and mexican, I knew there was far more to this than I originally anticipated.A couple of tables down, I witnessed a waiter bring over a chocolaty drink in an Irish Coffee glass.  I figured that was what I was in for so I ordered a light hot chocolate AND a dessert. Whoa.  It came out in a very large coffee mug.  Next to it there was this white square item that I couldn't figure out at first.  Upon examination, I realized it was a gigantic marshmallow dusted in powdered sugar.  OMFG.  It was like soup.  Not until the end did I pick up the cup.  I drank it via my spoon, savoring every last moment!The dessert I ordered was a take on a s'more.  It was interesting and had I not developed an obsession over my hot chocolate, I probably would have devoured it.  The cookies ordered by others at my table were okay but it is certain that this restaurant's specialty was the creamy melted chocolate delight in my mug.Yes, the dessert may be the best in the city. But the food ain't too shabby either. The charred octopus and steak are top notch. The mussels are phenomenal. Not sure what they put in that sauce, but we chugged it. And I was tempted to take another order home to bathe in.  The only sub par item was the seared tuna appetizer which was non-descript and boring.The chocolate #1 is literally heaven. The warm chocolate with salted caramel ice cream is the most blissful way to put on weight for a movie role.Also had an amazing celeb sighting here. Movie stars do nothing for me; I much prefer to be a groupie to athletes, chefs and TV judges.  So I did let out a weird squeal that shattered nearby glasses upon spotting Chef Michael from Schwa at the bar. We then shamelessly proceeded to stare him down and copy what he was ordering. Anyway, if you don't believe me about this place, you can't argue with his endorsement.Service is terrible.Based on 2 experiences, one at the bar and one at a table -1st experience - Bartender asked my boyfriend and friend to move stools forcing them into the corner - the worst seat in the house - even though there were other empty stools mid-bar. Then persisted in asking them over and over if they wanted another beer finally saying, "Well, do you want another one or not?"2nd experience - Our server was blonde with pigtails. On her first visit to the table, she leaned over the table and put her fucking ELBOWS on the table forcing my boyfriend to lean way over in his chair. This is how she tried to take our drink order. After asking if they had 2 different liquors, both times she had to go ask the bar. Finally, the HOSTESS offered to get me the "Spirits" list. Wow, a Spirits list! That was something that would have been useful like 20 minutes ago. Then at the end of the meal, our dessert plates cleared, she SAT DOWN (aren't you still working?) at one of the tables and starting blabbing to the couple next to us. Meanwhile, we're sitting there waiting, and she's going on and on about how much cocaine was sold out side her apartment in Washington Heights, and her subsequent travels to Cambodia and Laos. Why the hell do I know this?? My boyfriend had to lean over the other peoples' table and ask her for the check. We put the card in, wait 5 minutes, and she picks it up ONLY TO STAND AT THE BAR AND TALK TO ANOTHER COUPLE FOR 15 MINUTES!!  She tried to make it up by bringing us brownies and saying she's "spacey". You're not spacey, you just suck at your job and you obviously know it if you feel you have to apologize to your table.The food was good, but we'll never go back based on the service.Yes this place is in a trendy area, yes this place has an intimate vibe to it and yes the Mac and cheese is delicious, BUT way overpriced for what you are getting. My girlfriend and I bought a Mac and cheese (comes in tiny bowl) for $10, a brownie for $12, a Michigan beer $7 and tea for $5. All in all, what was suppose to be a nice evening of dessert turns into a $42 bill (after tip) and an unsatisfied taste in my wallet. If it was $42 for an entree, that is one thing, but appetizer, dessert, 1 beer and tea. Geez....I recommend going somewhere else if you are a middle class hard working citizen who's not trying to impress someone.Every time I go here I'm not disappointed.I went with my wife and some friends for dessert last weekend on a Sat night.  We walked in, and sat right in the lounge up front.We ordered our drinks.  I advised on splitting hot chocolates and each getting your own dessert (or do it the other way around if you want, but one of each is too much for me).So we got many desserts and drinks and just started passing them around.I have to admit, the PB cup dessert was amazing.  I expected good, but that was way above my expectations.As far as hot chocolates go, I think the Mexican Hot Chocolate is my new favorite one there.My last review was for Bulldog Bootcamp, isn't it ironic?Obviously, dessert, dessert, dessert. Such incredibleness!!! Don't leave without a bag of homemade marshmallows! A couple years ago I had the banana dessert. I still remember how in love I was with that taste. Banana drizzle/caramel/vanilla/ice cream, all presented in the most beautiful way.More recently had one of the shmancy hot chocolates and donuts. The donuts and caramel corn are addicitve. But beware, we tried the buttery biscuits as our appetizer. These might be the best biscuits I've ever had, with apple butter!! But after these and the hot chocolate, I could not finish my donuts!!! Never say no to donuts! So if you come for dessert, try to not fill up on any heavy appetizer, and share the hot chocolate. We were literally moaning from pain when we left. This is Gluttony. Atmosphere is super cute, but if they make you sit in front, you have to bend over your food like a caveman.So just came here tonight, and this place just tied as my worst experience dining out in Chicago to date.  We had been so excited to try this place after hearing great things, and experienced one fail after another for a more than 2 hour piss poor evening.  Got both the burger and short rib entree's.  The burger was ok, but the $25 short rib dish was a pile of fat that was completely inedible.  Our server was so busy we were never asked how things were, but did get some attention 45 minutes after i finished my burger to let him know how bad it was and have it comped.  So to make up for poor food, and terrible service we were given a free dessert along side of the two others we had ordered.  The baked alaska wasn't good at all.  The chocolate souffle was rock hard on the bottom, and also sucked.  The saving grace was the free donuts with the chocolate dipping sauce.  Yet when I received the bill 40 minutes later, we were charged for them even though we didn't even ask for them!! Letting our server know, he was sorry and took the bill back to be changed.  At this point we had been in the restaurant for a little over two hours, and spent 15 minutes picking at bad food.  I would never recommend this place in any way to anyone.  Not for the food, not for the dessert, and definitely not for the service.I recently went to Mindy's Hot Chocolate after wanting to go for a while and with Mindy just winning the James Beard as best pastry chef, I was all over that.Service was great and are our waitress was well informed. We started with the mac & cheese which they say never changes and is $10. Skip this. It's okay but honestly nothing special and I consider myself and macaroni and cheese aficionado. I had the Argula salad as my main entree and it was tasty. Small in size and not much pork belly in it, but it was good. I would probably order something else during my next trip and skip this though because it wasn't a salad that knocked my socks off.Then on to what I was waiting for all night! The dessert was amazzzzzzing! I had the Skillet Souffle which is a chocolate souffle served in a small skillet dish with salted ice cream and a pretzel. This dish was amazing and I absolutely loved it. The people at my table that got the donuts (also amazing) agreed that the Skillet was the best dessert of the night. It was so rich & gooey & delicious & chocolatey. If you don't like chocolate, I don't recommend this because the chocolate is so intense. The salted caramel ice cream mixed with the souffle was just a perfect bite and balance of flavors. Overall, I'd go back just for dessert or maybe an appetizer and a dessert. Everyone at our table was disappointed with their main entrees and I was the only one truly blown away by my dessert. I'm a bit disappointed in my Hot Chocolate experience after wanting to go for a couple years! I would definitely be back though to try more of the dessert options and to try the Hot Chocolate!I have a chronic case of "My Eyes are Bigger Than My Stomach" and it was in full force during my visit to Hot Chocolate.  Riiiiich.  So rich, so decadent and delicious...  So much food I actually thought I might get sick on the trip home.  That's the seriousness of this place.We went for dinner and dessert, which may have been our fatal mistake because while the food was very good, let's be honest here--"real" food is just a formality when you know you're at Hot Chocolate to pig out on sugary goodness.  Still, we sampled the cheese selection ("Constant Bliss" is just that) and following, Justin had a brined, bone-in pork chop with spaetzle, pork belly and braised endive and I enjoyed the skirt steak with an onion confit and potato puree.  The food was tasty, but certainly not necessary--we ended up taking half of our meals home to be sure we had room for dessert.Oh. My. Lord.  The desserts!  How to choose?  I'd read I'd have to try the hot chocolate and so I ordered the "Black and Tan" - 2/3 hot chocolate and 1/3 HOT FUDGE!  So rich, it was a very delicious meal in itself.  I had the totally amazing "Chocolate" dessert, a warm chocolate souffle tart with salted caramel ice cream and pretzels and Justin had the cake and shake duo.  Our server was kind enough to switch out the mini mint-brownie-flavored milk shake for a vanilla one, which was AWESOME... and then Justin rolled me home where we spent the rest of our night in a sugar coma.The service was very friendly, the vibe was relaxed and even though it's not cheap, I will definitely be back--but probably only for a dessert.  And maybe a milkshake.  And those cookies looked good.  And I can't resist that chocolate tart with the caramel ice cream....I was the first in my party to arrive for brunch and was impressed the moment I walked in the door - very nice decor and the restaurant smelled wonderful. They have a cute, comfortable seating area while you wait which I think is a huge plus because there's nothing worse than awkwardly being in everyone's way because there's nowhere to wait for a table. I was also offered complimentary coffee and a little bite of banana bread while I waited which I thought was a nice touch.This meal continued to improve as I looked through the menu - everything looks delicious! There are lots of vegetarian (though not vegan) options and lots of options period - this is not one of those places that has 5 choices for brunch. I shared with a friend and got the french toast as well as a cheese and egg sandwich and both were incredible - definitely as good as feast which I think has one of the best brunch offerings. Everyone else at my table enjoyed their meals as well.Hot Chocolate is not cheap but is comparable to other restaurants in the area, around $12 for an entree. I thought the food and experience were well worth the price and will definitely be returning!Hot Chocolate. You son of a bitch. How are you? We finally meet. This review is based on the desert/coffee/tea we had. nothing else. I have glanced over the menus a copious amount of times, and couldn't really get myself to pull the trigger on anything. I can't really say why. It just didn't look all that yummy. At least at this price point.  Deserts looked excellent though. at least on paper! ":)Hot Chocolate is just around the corner from my place (please don't stalk me....I'm frail), and I finally had a chance to check it out. I  like the layout of this place. It's semi romantic and it would be a great place to take a date, or share some wine with a friend. kudos for that. One thing that I noticed off the bat is that the sound acoustics could be just a little bit better. And I mean that in the least judgmental way possible. Using science and some good ol  engineering, there has to be a way to reduce the sound vibrations and echos in this place. Can you use a soundboard? It's called sound conditioning  I think?This spot is really really noisy to me. I had a person who was sitting right next to me, and it was kind of hard to hear. I wish there were a way to reduce this somehow. There is a time and place for noise, but it doesn't really mesh with the ambiance. anyways.....Whatever. No one cares. I'm such a geek. Let me change my tone. How about them Bears!? Boobs rule! moving on....I just got back from this place and this is what we had:Warm Brioche Doughnuts with hot fudge and carmel corn. Tea- JasmineAmericanolol. I know I know. Not much. But I can always update this review right?Well ,  we got the doughnuts and you know what? I finished it off in a hurryyyyyyyyyy, but all in all? Just wasn't there for me. I kept eating these doughnut sticks waiting for something to happen and after it was all said and done....nothing. I wasn't smiling...I wasn't really happy. I was just....eh....Can't really explain it. The Service/Waitress/and Host were all super friendly, professional and kind to me. Triple A++ and five stars. its the food that was average to me. Not you guys!Would I go again? You bet it! But for now...this desert didn't cut it for me.I know this review is incomplete. I need to watch Saved by the Bell And BBC. I have it saved on DVR. I will get back to this one. .Four stars for the interesting desserts that are good to great minus a half star because the menu is often more interesting than the actual dish itself.After a great debate about Hot Chocolate versus Tru, we settled on the former, since a dessert tasting menu would have been too decadent for the night ahead of us.We arrived at 10:30pm and nabbed the last open table, an hour and a half before closing. There were steady arrivals even after we were seated and the place was buzzing all the way up to midnight.Desserts are separated into chocolate, seasonal, and lighter offerings with most plated desserts ringing in at a flat $11.Three girls, three appetites, and three desserts later:BANANA (VOLUME IX)The s'more tartlet took the gold on this dish with a fluffy bed of marshmallow sitting atop a chocolate graham cracker crust. Not a single one of us could finish the chocolate-covered bananas, whose smoked almond crust reminded us too much of meat. Plantains may have been more successful, but I'm not sure they would have held their own against those powerful almonds! The chocolate fudgsicle sorbet overpowered its banana counterpart in the terrine.THOUGHTS ON CHERRIES...My favorite of the four-dessert tasting was the cherry sorbet, which reminded me of cherry pie filling, which always has the perfect ratio of tart to sweet. I found the bitter Kriek (Belgian beer fermented with Morello cherries) ice cream to be out of place for a dessert palate, while the crumbeline was nothing out of the ordinary. The warm brown butter crepe torte was like a delicate cinnamon roll with the cherries cooked in port giving the dish a somber finish.I am always open-minded to new possibilities in food, but some of Hot Chocolate's combinations fell flat for me.  While most items were good to great (with the exception of the inedible chocolate-smoked almond-banana), the menu was more captivating than the delivery.I went back----for dinner this time. No sugar corral for me! I got a regular table! Yessssssss. My dinner date and I both ordered the burger, and a mac n cheese to share. The burgers were perfect. The mac and cheese was good, but I would have been disappointed if that (just the mac n cheese) were my dinner. Dessert was good, but I made a serious error and ordered a black n tan to drink with dessert. ******Do not order liquid chocolate to wash down solid chocolate. It's the stomach ache of all stomach aches. Shoulda' picked one or the other. I will go back for dinner again.I was getting another wonderful piece of tattoo artwork added to my arm by the one and only Hannah Aitchison, and she recommended Hot Chocolate because her friend owns it -- and because she said it had spectacular food.Sweet Francis, this eatery is AMAZING!We arrived a few minutes before they began seating, so we relaxed in the lounge area. While there, we took in the place, and we loved what we saw. Several four-person tables line the center, flanked by the bar on one side, and couples' tables along the entire wall of the other side. This means when the place gets crowded, you will be elbow to elbow with your neighbor. When seating began, we were taken to our seats and fresh water was promptly brought to the table (the waiter's assistant was on top of everything the entire time). Our waitress was in a great mood, excited about the food, and showed no qualms about answering all of our questions. We ended up ordering the highly recommended, boutique hamburger (mine with the egg, of course), and we were advised to share an order of the highly praised macaroni and cheese.In 15 minutes or so (time seemed to fly, so it could have been longer), our orders were delivered -- and they not only smelled delicious, the presentation was beautiful. I know this is a hamburger we're talking about, but these were pieces of art on a plate. The macaroni was served in a little crock pot. The first bite of my burger is one I will never forget, and I'm hungry for another as I type this! The 4-year aged Widmar cheddar was one of the best flavors my mouth ever had the pleasure of tasting -- and it paired perfectly with the garlic bun (which wasn't overly garlic tasting, which is good) and the seasoning of the beef. The absolute best burger flavors I've ever had in a boutique burger, hands down! The homemade pickles were great, as well. I should also point out that the burger is served with nothing but the bun, meat, and cheese -- with pickles, spicy mustard, and ketchup on the side.The macaroni and cheese was mind-blowingly delicious. Words cannot express how good it is, and the flavors are born from the perfect mix of Rothkase gruyere and Carr Valley mammoth cheddar. Rarely have I felt guilty for liking a food item, but this stuff is sinfully delicious.We didn't love our desserts nearly as much as we loved the main course, unfortunately. They weren't bad, per se, but they didn't stand a chance of being as good as the star of the show.Service was top notch: friendly, expedient, willing to take time with the patrons, etc., etc. At first, it seems like it'll be a "stuffy" place, but the staff brings the chic down to a wonderfully comfortable level.Without a doubt, the next time we're in Chicago, we will be going back to Hot Chocolate. CHECK IT OUT!I had been planning for months to take my sister here as part of a late gift from the holiday season. I've been only twice before, and thought it would be great to just sit down and finally have a real meal. My boyfriend and I had been only for hot chocolate and desert before, and my sister and I had been for desert and hot chocolate also. Both times I experienced some rudeness from the hostess. Well, not exactly rudeness, more like "I'm really too busy to deal with you since you don't have a reservation and only want desert," type of attitude. Both times my company and I shrugged it off - we aren't really the type to let an attitude problem damper our spirits. Then came this weekend. I had called Friday afternoon to make a last minute reservation for Saturday evening. Saturday afternoon comes around and I decide to add one more person to the reservation. It's not exactly rocket science to know the economy is suffering, and with that said, adding an extra person to a reservation at a restaurant where the tab will be well over $100 I didn't think adding someone would be a problem. Well, apparently it was for the hostess who I spoke with over the phone, who decidedly said, "Wellllll, ummmmm.... I guess it would be alright, I mean.... your reservation is early enough, so I guess so," then she hung up on me before I could say anything else!WOW! Are you serious??? You're telling me that adding someone else to a table - to bring in more money and business for your restaurant is just "umm... I guess?" Inevitably, with the way I was treated, my company and I chose not to go to Hot Chocolate this weekend, and needless to say, they've lost my business indefinitely - which sucks because the pastry chef is one of the best in the city, and the food is pretty stellar.Holy Hell the desserts here are to die for - SAVE ROOM!I had the Bananas^2 and it was fantastic - my girls had various chocolate dishes and they are great. The food is basic but good. The brussel sprouts and Mac and Cheese are VERY good. The scallops were ok, but ours were a bit overcooked. Also, the ahi is good and the burger was a big hit as well. The bartender makes a great martini - I would definitely come back here to try more of their dishes out!Where to go after a miraculous dinner at Schwa? Why a post-dinner dessert sojourn at Mindy's of course. Who says you can't have more dessert? Us apparently since we were still quite full from our meal, but this was a place we wanted to try. A relatively short walk in the freezing Chicago night allowed us to burn off some calories and we got there barely evading frostbite. Fortunately, the hot chocolate would be our savior.We were quickly seated and immediately ordered the "Mexican" hot chocolate ($6), composed of 2/3 dark chocolate, 1/3 milk, fresh cinnamon, and a pinch of cayenne. I saw the Banana Brioche Bread Pudding ($12) on the menu and added that to our order as well. I love bread pudding. The rectangular slab of semifreddo would slowly melted over the warm, uber-custardy brioche and into the puddle of coffee-toffee-Moloko Milk Stout hot fudge. It was an assault to your palate. Creamy, richness, pillowy, sweetness, bitterness. It's one of best bread puddings I've ever had.The "Mexican" hot chocolate was comforting and welcoming to the brutal cold we encountered. I enjoyed the mild frothiness as you begin to drink it followed by warmth of chocolate washing down your esophagus. The subtle, ethereal tinge of the cayenne on your tongue was a beautiful sensation. Service was friendly and prompt on a late night. The waiter also remarked at how the staff recently had a dinner at Schwa and left money to pay for their meal. The next day Chef Carlson shows up with an envelope of money and leaves it there saying the dinner was on him. Too bad I couldn't get a free meal at Schwa.Mediocre and overpriced brunch. We ordered vegetable hash, egg strata, peach french toast and the BLET (BLT w/ egg).  Each of these dishes ranged from $12-$14.  Coffee is $4.50 for one cup. Refills half price.  All of our dishes were lukewarm when they arrived at the table.  The strata amounted to a little egg swimming in a bowl full of salty red sauce that tasted like chunky spaghetti sauce.  The vegetable hash consisted of one egg, a half cup of hash and a piece of toast. My partner had to add tabasco to impart flavor.  Tap water is served in a carafe in the center of the table...but the water was warm.  On such a hot day a cool glass of water would have been nice.  Hot chocolate was delicious but at $6 for a small glass it came with a bit of sticker shock.  All in all we spent $81 for brunch for four.  If the food wowed us we'd have been happy but for the mediocrity it was not worth it.  Service was very unfriendly and our server mumbled.  We had to ask her twice to repeat herself since we could not hear anything she said in the loud room.We have been fans of Mindy Segal since she was the pastry chef at Red Light...but this was a real disappointment.Would've given it 4 stars, but our waiter sucked.  He was too-cool hipster and when he actually showed up, wasn't at all friendly or helpful.  I asked for a recommendation, and he said the steak which wasn't at all impressive.  The vegan broccoli soup was good, but needed salt.Our tables were so close that I could hear every word of the couple's argument next to us.  Practically on top of each other.  Spread it out, people.We were full, so didn't get dessert, but they looked amazing.  Oh, and we were happily surprised to learn that Tuesdays were half-price wine night!  :)I will be honest, I came here with the head cold from hell and no ability to really taste anything. I would absolutely come back here because I certainly left with a curiosity to see what else Mindy's had to offer. Speaking of my head cold ... a boozy milk shake for the sore throat followed by a warm hot toddy made for perfect medicine. Yum!Since I couldn't really taste anything, I just ordered a mac n cheese. Even though my olfactory senses were having an off day, I could still tell that I did not care for the texture of the cheese. Did I detect American Cheese? I can't be sure but I probably wouldn't get this again.My two girlfriends each ordered a small side and a salad. Our server made a snippy comment about being confused ... did we plan to order dinner? To my girlfriends this was dinner and it wasn't like there was a crowd waiting for the table, so chill. Although feeling a bit self conscious, they apparently enjoyed what they ordered ... I can't comment because they wouldn't let me anywhere near their food.We did feel absolutely compelled to order dessert. We had the chocolate flight and it was well worth it. Five different chocolate confections, each with a different texture. I was forced to wait for the last little bite of each selection but each one was absolutely worth the wait. This dessert is why I would come back and give Mindy's a shot when hopefully I'm having a better day.I hate to write a review for a place that already has so many, but I had such a fabulous experience hosting a bridal shower here that I feel compelled!  All 20 people in attendance told me it was the best shower they had ever attended.We actually had the restaurant mostly to ourselves since the event started at 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  When I first arrived, there were still some people lingering over brunch, so we just hung out in the lounge in the front of the restaurant, where we drank mimosas and waited for our tables to be set up.  Our server was totally on top of things and made sure everyone had a drink at all times.Lunch was served about 45 minutes later.  I went with the tea sandwich option - I actually wasn't very enthused since I hate 'shower' food, but one bite of the cheddar on pumpernickel with shredded granny smith apples and honey made me a total convert.  Seriously, these tea sandwiches were AMAZING.  I went with the restaurant coordinator's (Natalie - love her!) suggestions, and she did not steer me wrong.  The second they would place a tray of sandwiches down, they were literally gone.  So, so good!After lunch (and the amazing shower games I created the night before), we went back to the lounge area for dessert and presents.  We were greeted with miniature chocolate cupcakes, warm donuts and homemade caramel corn.  It was almost too much (maybe if everyone hadn't gorged themselves on tea sandwiches).  We were also treated to mini chocolate malts........ yum!It was totally worth every penny I spent.  The aforementioned Natalie made planning everything stress free, and everyone was beyond accomodating (the valet guy even helped load boxes into the car).  I could not recommend this place more highly.  I love you, Hot Chocolate!We went here for dessert after filling up with pizza. I honestly wasn't sure I could take in any more food, but the desserts were so good that it just wasn't an issue.We had a fairly big party (9 people) but were seated pretty quickly for a friday night  at 8:30pm - I'm not really sure what this says, except that maybe on a hot night, people don't want hot chocolate? Well, the joke's on those people, because there is a specialty drink, the cold chocolate, which is perhaps one of the finest sweet cocktails I've ever tasted. I typically don't like sweet drinks, but I would order one of these without a second though.My blueberry and lemon based dessert was fantastic, a soft and tart lemony cake with blueberries and a lime (I think?) coulis was fantastically orchestrated, and I had no trouble putting that and a glass of port into my pizza filled stomach.Not the best experience for an evening meal last week. Better stick to the brunch. Our main server was cloying and very slow--they may have been understaffed because I think the owner was actually waiting tables.  The main courses are overpriced for what you get. Yes, the desserts are good. But---don't get the tuna sandwich. Just don't. Trust me.Went for brunch - it was amazing. I'm not much of a "sweets" person for breakfast so I was a little apprehensive due to the name, but they had such an interesting and diverse savory menu - it was so hard to decide! I opted for the quiche of the day which had goat cheese and fresh market veggies. YUM. The goat cheese made it so creamy I couldn't stop saying yum with every bite. A little heavy on the butter, but that's probably mostly due to me not being used to heavy french food.A little pricey, a little out of the way for me, and my gut would definitely bust out of my jeans if I came here often, but I recommend going here to try out some of the savory dishes once or twice.When four girls go out on the town, there's bound to be a stop for dessert.  So after an early dinner, we decided to head to Hot Chocolate to satisfy our cravings.  We each ordered a drink (the orange chocolate martini was the strongest contender, which rendered two of my friends absolutely sh*tfaced), and 3 desserts to split: a Baked Alaska, Chocolate...Again, and a Creme Brulee.I should have expected minimalistic presentations when I first walked in, but I thought my eyes were deceiving me when they brought out the desserts.  I had my heart set on a huge plate of chocolate galore, so needless to say, the small dishes were a little disappointing.However, they were all great desserts - not the kind that makes you want to lick the plate, but still good.  The Chocolate...Again is a piece of layered chocolate cake with a tiny chocolate mint milkshake.  Not something you can share very easily.  However, the cake was perfectly moist (as cake should be), my friend's Baked Alaska had a wonderful custard inside, and the Creme Brulee was satisfying, but nothing I couldn't have made just as well at home.Our bill was the same amount as the full dinner (with drinks) that we had just had at Ba-Ba-Reeba - which unfortunately did not leave me feeling like I had satisfied my chocolate craving, but instead just emptied my wallet.  All in all, worth a stop if you like gourmet desserts, but not if you want it in large quantities.I went here for dessert on 9/16/07 after leaving lotties feeling bummed about the Chiefs loss.  I have a friend that moved up here from lawrence and she is the pastry chef here so I wanted to try it out. I wasn't sure if it would go over well after beer aplenty, but it did.  My friend brought out 4 samples of ice cream. Berry, passion fruit, one that tasted like werthers original(YUMM), and mint. I ordered a seasonal dessert. Blueberry pastry and a small scoop of sweet ice cream infused with kettle corn. Wonderful flavor!  I will be visiting again for dessert.Wonderful place for dessert after a small plate dinner at your favorite restaurant.I've been wanting to try Hot Chocolate for quite some time now.  Mindy Segal was partner/pastry chef at MK and has now taken on her first solo project.  My boyfriend and I took my father for dessert last night.  It was early--about 8:30, but the place was packed.  We were able to sit in the "lounge" a small area at the front of the restaurant without waiting.  The dessert options all sounded delicious, making our choice very difficult.  When it was all said and done, we chose the following three:Banana (Volume VI)Banana Cream Pie with caramelized bananas, brown butter graham cracker banana sherbet, butterscotch and hot fudge.Peach "Melba"Tree-ripened peaches and (our own) brioche bread pudding, raspberry cream caramel and raspberry sorbet.Chocolate (64%)A warm souffle tart, salted caramel ice cream and pretzels.All three were amazing.  Really, really, perfect.  My personal favorite was, the Bananas...it was everything perfect.  It was salty and sweet, crunchy and soft, warm and cold.  The peach melba, our waiter's favorite was also incredible in a different kind of way.  Fruity, but not too sweet, warm, and delicious.  The chocolate tart was also incredible.  Rich and decadent with a great, salty ice cream that really balanced the richness of the chocolate.  Our waiter was excellent, very funny and fun, with great recommendations.  If you're looking for a quick, cheap dessert this isn't the place you want to go.  If you're looking for a dessert experience, you've found the right place.i visited Hot Chocolate last night with yelp member Desiree G. Saturday night in wicker park finding parking -- not so much fun, but i got lucky and found one pretty close after going around the street once. We were running a bit late for our reservations that we had at 745, so Desiree made a call to let them know, and they were really nice about it, and said not to worry. so once we trek on in there, it's pretty hoppin, lots of people, very loud, dimly lit. we get seated right away after checking in. we quickly skimmed the menu even though we already knew what we wanted due to previously studying the menu online. waiting to order took kind of long, but we weren't bothered. our waitress was cute and friendly. it wasn't long after we ordered that we received our food -- Desiree got the hamburger with fried egg, and i ordered the lamb and krema kasa. whoa. it was freakin good. we probably ordered the greasiest things on the menu, but grease is right up my alley. the cheesiness on the lamb, and greasiness on the flatbread, and even the beets on the side were good! they were a bit on the vinegary side, but tasty nonetheless. i tried a bite of her burger, and that was really freakin good too. greasy, tender, juicy, and bacon! crispy crispy bacon. i was surprisingly full afterwards, and didn't expect to be, because well, i'm a fatty and i can eat a lot. but alas i was full. but this of course didn't stop us from ordering dessert. our waitress came over to collect our plates, and we ordered dessert right on the spot. she was surprised we already knew what we wanted -- but i'm sure she wasn't THAT surprised. i ordered a half&half hot chocolate -- the one made with espresso. and then of course we had to order...BRIOCHE DOUGHNUTS. wait wait.  BRIOCHE DOUGHNUTS WITH HOT FUDGE DIPPING SAUCE. yeah. that's right. these were the highlight of the night. holy god. one bite into that doughnut with the hot fudge and i was in heaven. sugary blissful heaven. the caramel corn served on the side wasn't too bad, but it's definitely something i could do without. my hot chocolate was superrr rich, tasty, and full of espresso. i liked it, but i could only drink about half because it was so rich and i was so full. i enjoyed this place, and would definitely come back for hot chocolate and desserts. after seeing tons of people ordering the peanut butter cup, it's definitely a must for next time.Since a friend was leaving for a new job in New York, a group of about 10 of us met here for wine, cheese, and dessert.  The lounge area in the front window was just perfect for our party.We ordered a bottle of wine, and were promptly served.  I must note, however, that the server did not have proper wine training, as the taste pour was half a glass and not done with very much grace.  Picky, yes, but did not dramatically effect our experience.  We ordered a cheese plate with four cheeses (VERY conservatively portioned).  The star of that was the spiced roasted walnuts.  Yummy.A few sips into my first glass of wine, I got to telling a very important and exciting story and one thing led to another and I had a large hand gesture that knocked over my glass.  I informed the server and asked for a new glass (not new wine, since I was the riri), and it seriously took her 40 minutes (and a reminder) to get me a new glass.  Eventually, my friend took pity on my and shared her glass with me.  In fact, I never got that new glass until we ordered another bottle of wine (which also took another 20 minutes to get).  I think she forgot about it, and we had to remind her also.  A table of three girls next to us in the lounge area got their elaborate martinis before us, even though they ordered after.  Our servers excuse was that she rang it in as a don't make.  I know she just forgot. Another wine service no no happened as the next bottle was being served.  The four of us were sharing the wine while everyone else enjoyed cocktails and beer.  She brought two extra glasses and just began auctioning off our wine to our friends.  Not that I mind sharing, but I thought it was quite inconsiderate and assuming of her.  I enjoyed my wine (the wine I got to enjoy, that is), and the ambience of the place, however, I did not enjoy the slow service.  It wasn't awful, but I doubt I'll be coming back here.  I'll probably go next door instead.If you don't like chocolate, don't come here.  Hell, if you don't like chocolate, move to Iraq.  Dinner - really good, although not cheap.  Crab cakes were real crab with NO filler.  Mac & Cheese could cause your heart to immediately cease working due to the rich, gooey, wickedly good cheese.  Beers - small selection of high end beers.  This is not your father's Pabst Blue Ribbon type establishmentDesserts - stellarBrunch - quite good, WITH REAL MAPLE SYRUP although the kitchen managed to screw up and serve the breakfast sausage cold.  The second round was much betterCoffee and tea - stellarWandered in late one Thursday.  It wasn't busy, so not only did we get great service, but free stuff.  If you don't like free stuff, you should follow the people who don't like chocolate (see above) to Iraq.Went back for brunch a few days later.  Made Feast taste like a soup kitchen in comparison.1000songshot chocolate is just amazing!!  especially with the marshmallows!!!  keep coming back for more!!  The pork belly salad is just ok and the lunch burger is good!  The portions are perfect!I realize many of us here on Yelp use this term.......I've driven by this place many times but never went in.....but it is true for Hot Chocolate.  Spending an afternoon window shopping in Wicker Park, my girl and I were looking for a place to have something sweet before we headed into the evening.The look and feel of this place is nice...contemporary, which I love.  But just to get in the place was a challenge.  We rolled in around 3pm and were told by the wait staff that they opened at 5pm......We had a few drinks at a local watering hole and returned........Nope...we don't open till 5:30pm.....arrgghh.  Needless to say we were a bit pissed off about this, so off to Marc Jacobs for 30 minutes of killing time.......do you realize how crap that stuff is....it take me a whole 5 minutes to see everything in that store.Finally at 5:30pm we return and want to sit by the windows.....nope, private party.....so we are seated at a table and process to order several items off the menu.  Few cookies here a dessert there and we were in heaven.  Very good......not great, but good.  The place was getting full by the time we left, but it wasn't that noisy as I've read here in previous reviews.I did want to try the Mexican Hot Chocolate, but forgot to order it, so next time as I will be back to Hot Chocolate again!I was told they won an award for serving one of the best burgers in town, a little-known fact that this is a great place to get savory foods.  Had I owned a second or third stomach or more days on vacay, I would have made it a point to test out this statement.  One of the many stops on our food tour included a signature beverage - the hot chocolate of course, and a lucious fluffy square of their home-made marshmallow on top.  Chosen for us was the flavor "medium" which was of their offered drinks (apparently also offered were mixed w/ esspresso, dark, etc.) was more of a milk chocolate version.Truly delicious.  Like sweet melted chocolate.  Smooth warm and soothing!  I'm not sure if I craved it just because I was freezing my ass off but for the sweet lover, this drink definitley lives up to the hype.  A great treat if you're in the neighborhood!I've been dying to go here ever since we saw that Mindy had won the James Beard Award for best pastry chef. If you're going to win an award for the best pastry chef in the US, I'm going to have high expectations for the dessert, which in this case were shot down. We started with dinner by splitting some apps1. Steamed mussels - delicious, the broth was amazing, I could drink the stuff. We dipped the bread in it to soak up all the deliciousness, but only 2 small pieces came with the mussels. I wish that they offered us a bread basket to start.2. Plapp farm gritts - incredible, one of the best things I've had. The grits were deliciously creamy and rich, and the shrimp were super fresh and just quivering. But the meal only went downhill from here... :(3. Mac and cheese - very average, I don't see what all the fuss was about. It needs some sort of protein to cut the richness and balance it out. We then moved onto dessert4. Black and tan hot chocolate - because we had to order hot chocolate from a restaurant titled Hot Chocolate. But it was very average, I've had better homemade hot chocolate from a tin of Jacques Torres mix. Also, the glass that they served it in was not suitable because our hot chocolate got cold too quickly. I get that they were going for aesthetic appeal by showing the chocolate and fudge layers through the glass, but still. Lukewarm hot chocolate does not sound enticing in theory nor in practice. 5. Cherry study, featuring:Cocktail - just okay, pretty strongSundae - too sour for meCustard - good, I liked this one somewhatCake - it was good initially, but then I got to some unpleasant tacky cherry garnish stuff that got stuck to my teethCookie - I didn't even notice it, maybe it came as a part of the sundae? If that's the case, then I'm a bit upset, because if you're going to list 5 components on the menu, then I expect 5 individual desserts. Either that, or they just forgot it.Service was okay. I was carded since the study had a cocktail, but I left my wallet in my bf's car so I went to retrieve it. I understand that it's necessary, but in retrospect, I probably should've just skipped it since the dessert was not that great. Mindy's hasn't convinced me that they deserve the award just yet.Lunchtime with Mom - still a great bet! Comp glasses of wine, wonderful chicken/grapefruit/fennel caeser salad, and my tasty green bean salad loaded with blue cheese and fingerling potatoes.  Great service, but again, the music is STILL TOO LOUD. Jeez, I feel like that is a common complaint in many of my reviews. What gives??This is one of those places that really disappointed me.  I mean, I expected SO much more. Don't get me wrong, the desserts were absolutely fantastic, but the rest of the menu was extremely subpar.Maybe my own expectations were too high. I don't know. My biggest complaints were the following:1. The seating arrangement--I HATE it when the hostess sits me and my party in one of those long booths that you have to share with other people ESPECIALLY when there are open tables all around. I had to spend the night cramped ass-to-ass between some loud-mouth wine yuppy (that I noticed paired the wrong port with her dessert!) and some 401k snob.2. The appetizer/salad/dinner menu. Nothing really sounded that tempting on the appetizer menu. I chose the pretzel and pate plate. It was good, but nothing special--all it was was a couple of soft pretzels and some braunschweiger liver sausage. My dinner wasn't bad, but I expected more. I had the hamburger, which tasted like a plain old brewpub burger. It came with some shredded raw cabbage and saltless potato chips.3. The "organic" effort---There is a fine line between making something healthy and making it tasteless. It's noble of them to boast fresh organic ingredients and support local farmers, but the term organic shouldn't equal lack of flavor. This is where they screwed up. As a result, the littlest things suffered---no seasonings or dressings on the sides, etc.On a good note, the desserts were simply out of this world. I had the "cake and shake"---a chocolate buttermilk cake with chocolate buttercream and a mini chocolate mint shake. It was divine, but my boyfriend's dessert was even better. Bananas Volume X was an Elvis-inspired explosion of flavors: homemade graham crackers layered with sauteed bananas, peanut butter ice cream, and a whipped cream/peanut butter mousse. If you can stand the pretentiousness of Bucktown individuals (who are really just hillbillies in disguise), I would suggest getting a nice dinner somewhere, then topping your night off with a tasty dessert at Hot Chocolate.Non-foodstuffs deserve between 2-3*. Way too loud (must they bump up the music so high?) and service was inattentive, slow, and spotty. Gawd, I hate waving down servers for everything from freakin' MENUS to ORDERING to CHECK, PLEASE! Other than that, this is a great place for desserts--just be prepared to talk very very loudly to your companions (ick). For those who don't want to wait, there's always the full service bar option as well as the "lounge" area in front. For the real stuff, get the dark hot chocolate. I've had thicker, but the flavor is so good, so satisfying. Rich and complex to the taste buds. My only complaint was that it wasn't hot enough. I expect something like that be smokin' hot upon arrival, not tepid. Retrospectively, I should've sent it back for reheating. We expected a lot from the James Beard nominated pastry selection and was not disappointed. The chocolate cake-2 ways was amazing, although I could've done without so much of the house made honey milk (which they make a little show of shaking it and then pouring it on your dessert plate). I couldn't help but think of my lactose intolerance the whole time. Cake was scrumptious as was the ice cream--they definitely don't skimp out on the fancy expensive chocolate ingredients.Never really like spending $50 on brunch, as I did here this past weekend.I didn't like how they attempted "complete" dishes on their plates with offensively obvious fillers. My mushroom burger? came situated on one side of the plate, next to a few pieces of potato, and ONE bite-size piece of pineapple and ONE equally tiny piece of honeydew, just desperately trying to take up space.Eh, I think I'll be back only to sit at the bar and have a drink with a dessert dish or two.So glad we decided to visit Chicago during October because it meant we got to order the Pumpkin Cheesecake. Holy smokes, let the clock strike twelve because I want to turn into a pumpkin, it tastes so good.Hot chocolate: yummy, all versions of it. I recommend to share because it's pretty sweet (pun intended). Feeling like a fatty? Order the mac and cheese. And quack! The duck here is the best duck I've ever tasted in my life. This place would have gotten cinco stars if it wasn't for our pretentious host in the beginning. Service could have been kicked up a notch, but the sugar high makes up for it.When I moved to Chicago I was offered a job by chef Mindy.  It was a couple years ago and I made it a point to have lunch and dinner there before I made up my mind, ultimately deciding to work for chef Rick.  The food was good, the staff was nice, but I wasn't sure it was the best fit for me.  Two years, a Time Out feature on the curative power of horses, a restaurant makeover and a James Beard award later, I returned to Mindy's for dinner.The front of house staff get high marks on hospitality- we made a reservation on open table, the hostesses had a table ready, the server was on point and making recommendations, the table was bussed and cleaned between courses.  The food was really the star- the menu is two sided, one side is sweet and one savory.  To start we had the pork belly with arugula, a meaty salad balanced by salty shaved cheese and sweet acidic peach.My dining partner got the burger, which she has been eating at Mindy's for years, and declared it was "not as good as before."  She walked that comment back by adding that Lockdown has become the burger against which she measures all burgers.  I had a bite or five and I really liked how the burger crust had a delicate char giving way to medium rare meat.  My main was the pasta with a super rich cream sauce and basil pesto.  The highlight was the bright acidity of wicked small orange cherry tomatoes.The server sat next to my companion on the banquette to recommend the key lime pie.  She said it was new that day.  I am a big fan of the hard sell, or even a confident recommendation.  We ordered the key lime pie and cookies.  The cookies were buttery and full of flavor without being very sweet.  The key lime pie had perfect textures and the in-season Klug farm berries brightened it up, but I wish it were more tart.  When the server asked how it tasted I said I liked it.  My companion said she hadn't tried it.  The server touched my back and told me to save some for my friend.The horse, the James Beard award, the job offer- who wouldn't be curious how things have progressed.  The restaurant is no longer broken up by a weird curtain for a private area, it is lit with track lighting and hanging lamps- no edison bulbs.  It is wrapped in warm tones of wood with the same masked animal skulls for luck.  The staff is executing a high level of service.  The menu is shortened and ever-changing yet retains classics.  Chef Mindy is on top.Burped and Tooted all night after leaving this dinner spot.  Which is actually a compliment - seeing that we ate so much we were stuffed to the brim.  Highlight of the meal: the medium hot chocolate and donuts at the end of the meal.  Only problem was, didn't have much room for these tasty treats at this point!  I would describe the medium hot chocolate as a melted caramello... mmmmm.Downsides: since it is busy, the wait for food was a long time.  Mind you, not the wait to sit down as we had reservations, it was a long wait once we ordered.  We also got the table closest to the door, and it was a cold chill everytime someone opened it.  The macaroni and cheese our table ordered as an appetizer was barely warm, not hot.  We told our waiter and he got us anohter one.  The next one was luke warm too, but we didn't tell him - he tried.  It tasted good, so we went with it.  Once our meals came, a friend didn't get the egg on her burger - so they took it back to top it off.  My husband and split a burger and the lamb sausage sandwhich.  The burger was good, but I wouldn't rave about it.  The lamb sausage was outstanding - very flavorful, but a little greasy.  The homemade chips were a great compliment to the burger also.  The waiter comped my hot chocolate and brought us the donuts on the house for the earlier snaff-oos.  Which was nice for sure.  Overall, a little pricey, kind of loud.  But - I would like to go back again.  Maybe split a meal and go for the desserts, or try brunch :)  3.5 stars - but I feel the potential for higher!(((((((((((((TRY OUT HOT CHOCOLATE!!!!!  BUT A DESSERT!!!!!   SAMPLE HER MENU.  You'll surely find something on her menu, refined to a "T" that will evoke some childhood memory!!!!!)))))))))))))Okay, this is my second review for this location.  Let me be honest in saying I HAVE NEVER DINED AT HOT CHOCOLATE.  I usually end up ordering desserts to-go.  Although the menu is tempting, I usually get caught up with their fine selection of desserts.......despite hearing great things about their daily menu.  Let me just say, if your ever need a cake.  CALL MINDY in ADVANCE.  Trust me, you and your guests will be amazed by how fresh, moist, and flavorful her towering creations are.  I have never been let down.  In fact, I usually end up calling Mindy and say..'so what do you have fresh in that big-old-cooler....and what can you whip up?"  Seriously, it sounds sad, but it's true.  Thats usually because I call the day before I need and cause her a huge head ache......but honestly her desserts ROCK.I just read through all the reviews (well, more like five) and I must tell you that I am deeply confused. From word of mouth to internet intrigue, Hot Chocolate seemed to be the number one place in Chicago. So, how long would you wait for mediocrity? The mac and cheese was wetter than a French whore after the liberation. The Hamburger was greasier than an Italian kids hair on prom night (No Joke). The brussel sprouts excited me at first, but were nothing more than burnt goat pellets. Hot Chocolate did have ONE redeeming factor, the $12 Pretzel! It was absolutely delicious! The mustard butter dipping sauce was excellent and I would highly suggest to only ordering this when forced to eat at this restaurant (by Amanda "I sleep with both brothers "Harrington).One more thought, DO NOT ORDER THEIR COOKIES. These cookies had more butter than a Brazil fart (.com).I can not speak about their hot chocolate or chocolate desserts, so consider this when taking your lovely there for pre-sexual delights.Last, these two stars go to the amazing amount of cougars looking for post dessert dessert.Hot Chocolate is my wife's favorite restaurant in Chicago.  I have to admit, it is not mine.  That said, it is undeniably special.On this visit my mother-in-law came with us.  I know, I know "your mother in law!" but she is great so it was an added bonus.  Anyway.  Point being this fact didn't detract from our visit and shouldn't affect my rating.To start we each had drinks.  I had this delicious/refreshing/lovely alcoholic Arnold Palmer, my wife a glass of pinot grigio, and my mother in law a bottle of their white ale (I told you she was great!).  Everyone was happy.  For our first course, the ladies split a mixed green salad with a blood orange vinaigrette and a baked cheesy pretzel with whipped mustard butter.  Before I fill you in on what I had, let me tell you.  Try whipped mustard butter if you can.  Bathe in it.  Put it on anything you can.  Unreal.  Myself, I started with a pencil asparagus salad with crispy pork belly, a poached duck egg and frisee with a vinaigrette of some sort.  It was bomb.  I love poached duck eggs and asparagus.  And I really love pork belly (who doesn't?!?).  And overall it delivered magnificently.After our first course everyone concurred "I am so stuffed".  This all changed when our meals came.  Myself, I got a cheeseburger with aged cheddar, applewood bacon and a garlic butter basted pretzel bun.  I have gotten this particular sandwich many times and love it.  I would recommend it to anyone who loves freedom, meat and awesomeness.My wife and her mother split the grilled cheese and the mac&cheese (they hate cheese).  My wife is a vegetarian and has attempted to duplicate each of these items at our home base countless times -- point being, she loves them.  Now I don't love the GC like she does, but the M&C is something entirely different.  Imagine if you could somehow creamify love and add cheesy, then bake it.  Ok, now that you have imagined it -- eat it.  Now you know.For dessert we all split (we were STUFFED) the hot donuts with dark chocolate dipping sauce and caramel corn.  This stuff is a whole 'nother level.  However, we have tried probably 5 different desserts at hot chocolate and everyone of them is like this.  If I am not mistaken the exec. chef here was a Beard runner-up for desserts so this makes sense.Overall: Wonderful.  The food is a little pricey but you can go on Restaurants.com and get gift certificates ($25/off) so it becomes more reasonable.  I would advise everyone to check it out.  It is hot. (and chocolately).A sexy place with sexy food. I had heard all about Mindy's award winning pastries and desserts but I also heard around the grapevine that she rocks a kick-a** burger, too. That's a winning combination right there.Dinner: A+My burger was cooked perfectly medium rare, despite being thinner than I was expecting. Topped with bacon and the classic burger accouterments inside a lightly toasted bun served with a side of ketchup and mustard (Dijon, maybe), it was near perfect. I can really only fault it for having a slightly charred exterior that, while invigorating, was also slightly overwhelming at times. The homemade chips were delicious uniquely softer crunch than I'm used to. The coleslaw was the perfect antidote to all the salt and grease on the plate. And my fiancee's crab cake sandwich was impeccable as well, wonderfully crabby and toasty.Dessert: AAlthough the skillet souffle sounded incredible, I saw that there were donuts on the menu and I just couldn't resist. The donuts were cubes of fried and sugared brioche served with a goblet of gooey melted chocolate. By themselves they were good but with the chocolate they were absolutely phenomenal. I would have traded the plain caramel corn for another donut or two, but it was nice to have another flavor thrown in at least.Service: ASeated immediately at 7:00pm on a Saturday night, our waitress was always prompt and our table was always clean. I'll nitpick a bit that I couldn't switch the chips with anything else on the sides menu (I really just wanted some veggies), but who am I to judge what goes with a Mindyburger?You won my heart Hot Chocolate.1/5/09: I bookmark Hot Chocolate to try 'for dessert!'1/9/10: FINALLY make it to this Wicker Park restaurant, expecting no less than brilliant chocolate concoctions and a solid burger (thanks to a 2-year-old Time Out Chicago article forever engrained in my memory).Book as soon as you know you want to eat here, as reservations fill up fast, and you'll be left with a 5:30 or 9pm seating, if any.  Also bring your night vision goggles because this place is DIM.  This may also be one of the reasons you completely miss it on Damen, so look for Chipotle or the red, white, and green Gilani Auto awning (which I mistook as a taqueria; viva el Mexico!).The best food of the meal came in the form of the appetizers: mussels and monkey bread.  The mussels were addictive, and who knew grilled bread could be so amazing?  Monkey bread is a buttery, biscuity brioche, plated with prosciutto and butter.  HIGHLIGHTS!Served on a doughy, biscuity bun, my burger was overcharred, and the carbyness overpowered the protein.  The bacon was super salty.  Chips are served on the side, and these were crisps of crunchy goodness.  Overall, I wouldn't order this again.I chose the chocolate #1 for dessert: warm chocolate souffle, salted caramel ice cream, and a housemade pretzel.  The ice cream and pretzel were way too salty, and even when shoveled (in the most delicate, ladylike manner) into my mouth with some of that buttery souffle, left me with a displeasing imbalance of saltyness that had me diving for the water jug.This place was so chill when I visited. Very urbany feel. The deserts I had were spectacular. A little on the pricey side considering how small they were, but I don't visit often and that was my first time there.I did not eat anything there and from the reviews I read, I don't think I will. There is one burger that intrigued me but I don't know.A very nice spot for a quiet romantic dessert. Definitely have to get my hands on some of their home made hot chocolate. Specially in the fall!!Weekend brunch doesn't get much better than this!  Mostly local produce is used to create a very unique menu that isn't your usual waffles, pancakes, and omelettes.  Try the market scramble which always features local eggs and vegetables.  Also if you want to have a new addiction try their espresso/chocolate drink...  fantastic!!  They have about another six drinks like that that go along with the namesake.I have yet to have dinner here but have enjoyed their decadent desserts and aperitifs on several occasions.  This isn't the usual trendy place in a trendy area.  The cool awning out front makes a statement about the comfortable yet simplistic interior.  They seem to have all the right elements to stay strong after the abercrombies find the next hot spot.Damn.  This was SO good...We started by sharing the pork belly salad.  Initially, I assumed that it was a huge entree salad because of the price ($13).  The waitress picked up on our hesitation and clarified that it was really more of an appetizer/tapas style.  While on the pricey side, this was SO worth the price.  And yes, excessive use of capitalized letters is absolutely necessary.  I have dreamed of this salad since we left, 2+ weeks ago, and I would consider traveling back to Chicago just for the salad.Hubs had the burger, which he though was delish.  I had the crab cake salad.  I loved the crab cakes, but the combo of the bread was a little much for me - still awesome.I finished off with a hot chocolate to go.  It was the perfect end to the meal, and was a great reminder of what I have been missing while chugging swiss miss and pretending that it is hot chocolate...So, I'm a bit promiscuous when it comes to dining out.  I'll have a one night stand with a restaurant and never look back.  Yeah, it's rude, even a bit cruel, but there are other hot, new places to check out.  There are some places I'll come crawling back to, like a pathetic druggie looking for another hit.  And it looks like hotchocolate is one of those places.Our server was gracious the entire night, prompt with service and friendly the whole time.  Her recommendations were spot on and the kitchen was on target because everything came out fan-freakin'-tastic.The sweet potato soup was sweet and savory, perfect against the backdrop of cold weather.  It was buttery, silky smooth with hints of smokiness and swirls of molasses for sweetness.  And sweet potato gnocchi with pork cheeks was awesome.  Pork cheeks were so flavorful and tender, pairing wonderfully with the al dente gnocchi; the sharp goat cheese added a nice edge to the dish.But the real highlight was the dessert.  Banana bread pudding with a milk chocolate center topped off with stout foam.  Um...yummy!!!  It was still hot, and the chocolate was so gooey.  Definitely hit the spot.During these tough economic times, a good meal at a great price is enough to make me forget money troubles for a little bit.  This three course meal set my friend and I back $80.  I will most definitely be returning.  I want to try the Mexican hot chocolate damn it.The place is cool . . another joint I'm not cut out for, though.If you are a food nut, love all sorts of eclectic ingredients to satisfy your palette, you may really love this place. It has a whole menu of things that make me go "Man . . " . . . "Yikes . . " "Ahh, not tonight . . " . . . as much as I love chocolate, I don't like an overabundance of chocolate. Call me boring . . or healthy!I did order one of their tasty milkshakes. As tasty as it was, I really wished there was more of it. I'm sure the proprietors of this establishment thought it would be "cute" to serve milkshakes in a glass that might as well have been a straw. However, for milkshake gluttons like myself, the quantity left a lot to be desired.Looking for something salty to kind of balance out the sweet from the milkshake, my only option was their homemade chips. I groaned, but they actually turned out to be pretty okay. I wish places like these would have more substantial potato-based products such as fries or something, but when you're in a place that bills itself as being fancy-schmancy, you gotta roll with it.For a non-grumpy take on this place, see my Hot Chocolate-companion Paige's review. ;)After passing by at least 1,000 times and after being friends with one of the guys in the kitchen for about 10 months, I finally managed to pop in to Hot Chocolate for dinner. We arrived for our 6:30 reservation and were seated immediately. Our server was fantastic and the busboy always made sure my water was full which is great for anyone who gets thirsty. (please note that I am using a literary device known as "foreshadowing" here.)My husband and I ordered the pretzel appetizer (due to Yelper! recommendations) and a spinach/radicchio salad with duck bacon to start with. The pretzels were awesome.. You could taste the beer that was used to either make or boil the pretzels. They were appropriately salty and had the perfect hard on the outside, soft on the inside texture. The dipping cheese was similar in flavor to a classic cheese fondue, but a little richer and smoother. The mustard was the perfect combination of sweet and earthy.The salad was more of a miss. There was no radicchio on the plate (maybe they ran out?) and there was only one overriding flavor - that of the duck sausage.  It was really ducky. And I don't mean that in a 50's "everything's a-ok" way. I mean it in a gamey way. Not good.The place really filled up between our starter courses and our entrees. Maybe it's because it took an inordinately long time to get our entrees. This is not a reflection of the front of the house staff . They were great. But the kitchen was mighty slow.For our entrees, we ordered the hamburger (me) and the lamb with organic grits, artichokes and ramps. My hamburger was salty. So very salty. And it wasn't the cheese or the bacon. It was the burger itself. It was strange. It would have been made worse if (harken back several paragraphs) the man with the pitcher didn't make so many rounds to ensure my water was filled! It's like he saw what I was ordering and made a mental note to keep me satiated. But I digress.So the burger was salty and overcooked. But it wasn't as bad as overcooked and oversalted burgers I've had elsewhere. And the coleslaw (while standard) was nice and fresh and the homemade chips were great. My husband's lamb was out of this world. Cooked perfectly, tender, just amazing. The grits and artichokes were good as well.By the time we concluded our entrees, the place was packed. We were seated at a two-top along the northern wall. It became really loud. I don't know if it was because the ceiling was low where we were seated or if it's loud everywhere due to the brick walls and hardwood floors. Or if the two groups of women on either side of us were just trying to one-up each other with their shrieky banter.We ordered dessert. Again, the kitchen was way slow here. I had time for a few more glasses of water. The server was most apologetic about the time it was taking (we hadn't complained to her about it either). But the desserts arrived and they were amazing. I had the Banana, which came with banana bread pudding, unsweetened whipped cream, butterscotch sauce, banana shortbread-y things, brown sugar hot fudge and the most amazing ice cream that I have had in a long time (read: possibly ever), banana sour cream. I was so full but I couldn't stop eating. DH had one of the chocolate desserts - chocolate cake with chocolate ice cream and something else. I can't remember because I only had eyes for my banana dessert.When the server brought us our check, she gave us free brownies to take home to apologize for the wait. Sweet. Overall, I am pleased with Hot Chocolate and will definitely be back - maybe for lunch and definitely for dessert. While the food was 70% very good 30% miss, the service made the experience much better than that. In fact, one could say that the staff kept me from being....salty.So, I don't know if it was where we were sitting or maybe it was dark in the whole restaurant. At one point the waiter had to give me a flashlight because I legit could not read the menu. So, probably not recommended to bring anyone who can't see well. Hot Chocolate was definitely yummy!  I've eaten pork belly before but I could not believe how delicious it was. It was so tender and melty and just amazing I'm not really a pork fan but this has completely changed my mind. And as it should be the Mac and Cheese was in a category of it's own. SO good. Probably a good idea to get as a appetizer and share with the table than you own dish. It's way too creamy and rich to have as a meal. We we didn't get to have dessert because we were all way too full. So.. I'd suggest skipping dinner and come straight for dessert.Ok. First of all: I went there for the desserts only.It was really really good and not too expensive. They have different sorts of hot chocolate which they serve with home made marshmallows which are very good too.Our waiter was very good and kind, I really love that.If you like desserts and chocolate you must stop by this place. Really.I love chocolate...so it seems fitting that Hot Chocolate should be my 200th review! I was torn between 3 and 4 stars. The 4 star things... Yummy suedo gourmet grilled cheese Delish, thick, and rich hot chocolate...and an extensive list of types to choose from Homemade marshmallows that are perfectly white, sugary, and yummy. Attentive waitstaff, always refilling water without asking. The 3 star things... Loud loud LOUD. Had trouble hearing the person I was there with. The tables are SUPER close together The $12 cookie plate only has 13 cookies, the biggest of which is maybe 1.5" and they were only okay. They give you chips with your sandwich without telling you (this annoys me) Even though the chocolate colored interior and cool black and white wall photos made me smile, I had to go with three stars. I enjoyed my lunch, but it was supposed to be a business lunch and we had a hard time getting anything accomplished because of how loud it is. I would go back for hot chocolate one afternoon, but don't think I would go back for lunch or attempt dinner. Just think how loud dinner must be if you can barely hear at lunch. Crazy. It's worth a visit once though, just to have been there."Going out for dessert" has never been so amazing.I came here for dessert and was able to get a seat at the bar without having to wait. I ordered the medium hot chocolate and the thoughts on a peanut butter cup. The peanut butter cup came out first and I was just in awe. It was so beautiful to look at that I didn't want to eat it at first. When I finally did take a bite of it, I experienced a moment of shear bliss. The combination of peanut butter mousse, milk chocolate hot fudge, and peanut butter cookie dough truffles was more than I could have ever imagined. The medium hot chocolate was unlike any hot chocolate that I had before. It was super thick and creamy. To top it off, it came with a homemade marshmallow on the side. Service was great: prompt and friendly staff. Ambience was very chic and contemporary. The coolest looking place that I have ever had dessert at.Stopped in here wanting to eat, but the girlies were interested in Feast. So, as a compromise, we got hot chocolate to go. Mexican hot chocolate for me, actually. It was over $7, which I thought was a lot...but DAMN! It was worth every penny.The combo of cinnamon and chocolate was perfect, and the cup was piping hot. The smell reminded me of the chocolate I had in a patisserie in Paris, and for a moment, I was elevated to a higher plane of sensory emotion. I literally could not feel the cold air hit my face as I walked down Damen towards Feast, and I was elated that all I'd tasted was the chocolate, and did so after I was outdoors, because unlike my friends, I could have floated right back and tried everything on the menu. Seriously, it's a splurge (and we ain't even talking about calories) but an amazing one!I'm reluctant to give just two stars, but it just wasn't good enough for three.  To sum it up, our dinner was better than dessert, and that's just not acceptable at a place named hot chocolate. The hot chocolate was served in a regular cold beverage glass, which was really annoying - the hot chocolate made the glass too hot to hold, and by the time the glass was cool enough to lift the hot chocolate was luke warm.  I get they want a fancy presentation, but use a real hot toddy mug instead!The hostess gets five stars (very helpful and accommodating), but the service staff gets three (not as attentive as other restaurants of similar scale). Decor is nice, but the tables are really ugly. It's all so hit and miss here! I really wanted to like this place, but I cannot foresee myself ever wanting to go back.You ever have a preconceived idea of how a place is going to be, then it completely throws you a curve ball once you step inside? Yeah, Hot Chocolate did that to me.I swear I read reviews and looked at delicious pictures of exquisite desserts. I had this idea of HC as a local dessert joint that had a few menu items, pastel colored walls, little kids running around chasing rainbows and unicorns. Yeah, no. I felt completely out of my element. The Yelp page says "CASUAL," and that's how I dressed; jeans, trendy hoodie and matching kicks. Apparently everybody and their mother's second-uncle's step-daughter's dog-walking babysitters wears some really nice clothes to Wednesday night dinner. Lucky for my friends and I, there was a couple that brought a baby and stroller into the restaurant. That diverted the attention away from us.Anywho, the wait was going to be about forty-five minutes, but we were offered a few barstools as an option. We propped ourselves at the bar and were greeted rather quickly by the staff. Took our drink orders and went over specials, I don't recall what they were. I wound up ordering the burger, which I heard was awesome, and a candy cane-inspired hot chocolate. For lack of a better word, both food and drink were the ISSSSH!! Burger was cooked to perfection and is definitely up on my list of Best Chicago Burger. And don't get me started on the drink...if you can imagine tasting heaven with a sprinkle of Victoria's Secret Angels, that's how the hot chocolate tasted.Okay okay okay, you're probably asking why I kicked HC down to a foursie. All started well with the service, but the main bartender's friendliness went straight out the window about three-quarters of the way into our meal. I'm not sure what happened, but by the time we were handing over the bill, he was a bit of a jerk. I'm just saying.**There is residential parking if you're willing to walk a block or two**Meh. An OK experience, but overall disappointing.My brother, mom and I went for brunch on a Saturday. It was packed at 1 pm (brunch is served until 2 pm on the weekends). I like the upbeat vibe in here, with Tribe Called Quest playing on the speakers (though a bit loudly). The brunch menu is decent, covering the gamut from brioche french toast and pancakes to breakfast sandwich and warm doughnuts. Generally, the drinks are much better than the food.We had:-- Half & Half: half dark hot chocolate, half espresso. Rich and creamy. An awesome treat.-- Mexican Hot Chocolate: with cinnamon and cayenne pepper. Not as good as the half & half in my opinion, but a unique flavor.-- Bloody Marys: Mom had two of these. Spicy and alcoholic, just how she likes them. -- Veggie scramble with caramelized onions, ricotta, toast. I didn't try it but my brother enjoyed it.-- Quiche with cheddar, corn and lardons -- quite good, but rich. The field greens had a dressing that was on the sweeter side, which I liked. -- Smoked fish platter -- with smoked salmon, whitefish, homemade bagel, and the fixin's. Totally lackluster and generally wasn't appetizing. And the homemade bagel left a lot to be desired.-- Nutter Butter and Peppermint Oreo cookies: bleh. These are more like cookie bars. Obviously they sound great, but I just didn't love them. Kind of greasy and I wish the Nutter Butter was crispier rather than chewy. Hot Chocolate's hot chocolate is delicious and it was the highlight of the meal. It would be great if they could add a salad or two to the brunch menu. I would come back for a drink only, but not to eat.Went to Hot Chocolate (let's call it the HC in honor of all the other trendy acronyms with 'C' - the OC, VCs, BC, ACDC...) again the other night to remind myself again what the greek's must have been talking about when writing of 'nectar of the gods.'  I'm not going to even try to put a description around how freakin' good everything here is.  We did dinner this time, which was a first, and all I can say is: Mac and Cheese.  It was so good, I'll say it again: Mac and Cheese.  Unbelievable...must have a stick of butter in it (the good kind, like Plugra), and something maybe not legal.  Mac and Cheese...the HC's M&C...But I can't finish a write-up without mentioning the desserts at the HC of course - they delivered yet again.  Loved the seasonal pumpkin dessert, still love the hot chocolate, and the donuts are killer.  By the way, it's apparently date central, and table are close, so if eavesdropping on budding Chi-town relationships is a fun activity for you (have to admit that I find that also a guilty pleasure), the HC is the place.A cute, cozy little place perfect for cold-weather brunch or desserts.  My friends and I met here for brunch and planned on coming early.  Great idea because we didn't have to wait at all for a table and it was pretty quiet (mostly young families were there at the time).  Everything on the menu looked good so we all had a hard time deciding what to order.  We decided to get the doughnuts as a brunch appetizer because they sounded so good.  Believe me, they were.  Still warm and totally cinnamony, served with a side of raspberry preserves.  (Would like to take a jar of the preserves home...they were incredibly fresh tasting).  We had coffee all around as well, which were served in french presses brought out to the table (the coffee is from Uncommon Ground).  After much deliberating, I ordered the fresh ricotta & egg sandwich which came on a ciabatta roll with sun-dried tomatoes.  It was a great choice and just the right size to not be overly filling.  The quiche of the day looked delicious (my second choice), as did the market scramble.  From what everyone at the table said (and their very clean plates), it was an all-around great choice.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere too.  We didn't feel rushed at all (which can happen at many brunch places in this area) and there was a steady stream of good tunes playing while we ate (James Brown, Rolling Stones).Would love to come back here for brunch again or for desserts (the cookies in the display case also looked amazing).If your going on a date with a known chocoholic...then this place is a guaranteed panty dropper. 5 different types of Hot Chocolates and of course those divine homemade marshmallows.Don't let the name fool you they actually have excellent savory en trees as well. The menu is seasonal and varies depending on when you go.Of course expect to pay higher than average for the atmosphere.To end an awesome bachelorette weekend on a sunday nite, we (party of 7) came in for desserts at Hot Chocolate from the recommendation of a waiter at Gibsons. DOUG is the most AWESOME guy. Very charming and recommended some really good desserts.Tho the bride was FULL, she couldn't help herself. She ordered a plate full of mussels to share and then another!!! They were juicy and not overpowered by sauce. Doug even brought some more bread to sop up the saucy goodness.We had the doughnuts (warm and not too sweet),Creme burlee (flavorful and BIG) and the sorbet sampler (OMG!!)Sure, things may be a bit pricey, but everything is homemade. Since i or the other girls don't cook, we'll pay well for homemade!Before visiting Hot Chocolate, I had eaten at Bongo Room (South Loop), Toast (Lincoln Park), and Orange (South Loop & Lakeview). So, I think I had a good frame of reference. And, I think that makes my five stars all the more meaningful (at least to me).HC had the best hot chocolate I've ever had; creamy, rich, but not overdone. I got the medium (mostly milk chocolate), and tasted my g/f's dark and friend's Mexican. All were awesome, although the Mexican was a bit too much and stung the back of the throat just a tad more than I would've liked.Our meals (brunch) were all fabulous--particularly my friend's apple butter & graham cracker buttermilk pancake. It's just one pancake, but it's amazing: dark brown on the outside and spongy on the inside, w/ faaaabulous apple butter flavor. Everyone really loved their meals, although mine (sausage and egg on a huge buttermilk biscuit) was only three or four starish.In the end, I'd definitely go back--and get the buttermilk pancake. And another (or two) medium hot chocolates.yummy!Stopped here on a friday around 10ish (they close at mid. which is great!) - came with another couple, and the place was PACKED!!! There was a wait for a table... We were just coming for dessert / coffee / wine.... and we were told we could eat at the 'bar' area or wait. We decided to wait, but the wait wasn't bad at all. Maybe 20 min??? The menu was quite eclectic, and hmmm.... for dinner, rabbit anyone???eeewwweee... ok anyway, we ordered desserts, and the most memorable and VERY DELICIOUS... like an orgasm in your mouth... was the Chocolate #1... YUMMMY! The homemade pretzel too.. very cute! :)Service was great, especially considering how busy it was....However, my ONE complaint was the noise... OMG it was sooooo loud!!!Between the music - i destinctly remember Van Halen - and the crowd we could not hear each other talk. I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't so loud. Did not make for relaxing mood... and i think they need to change their music selection.Yes, the food is good. As are the service and the ambiance. But for how much people talk about this place, it just doesn't measure up. The best thing we had was the mac n cheese - the blend of cheeses and perfect consistency of the sauce left me wanting a spoon to eat every last morsel like soup. The entrees were fine but nothing special; we got the mussels (huge portion but little hint of the jalapeno in the broth) and the crab cake sandwich, which was a little heavy on the lemon.Of course, the crowning jewel is the dessert. My husband really liked his sweet potato pie, but I was sadly disappointed with one of the signature dishes, the doughnuts. I was expecting them to be served Madrid style, with a big cup of warm chocolate for dipping on the side. But instead, the doughnuts were served in a cup, with maybe two tablespoons of chocolate on the bottom. There wasn't any explanation as to how this was meant to be eaten, so I dumped my doughnuts out on the plate and dipped them in what little chocolate there was.I would go back to try the hot chocolate and maybe another dessert, but if you're expecting a chocoholic's dream meal, you're not going to find it here.Yummy food made from scratch and local ingredients! I had a cheeseburger with a sunny side egg. And the presentation of their food is amazing! ESP the pumpkin cheesecake! Very dimly lit - nice atmosphere. Very expensive ($7) hot chocolate with homemade marshmallow! Very yummy - I got the dark chocolate one.The restaurant is very cozy, with dim lighting, mirrors and the waitstaff all wearing the color of chocolate. I ordered the vanilla bean milkshake, which is tall and thin, the thinnest milkshake I have ever ordered, but they compensated for that by serving it with two delicious cookies and a little pot of cream for dipping. It all came served together on a little tray, very aesthetically pleasing, and the taste of the shake was great.For dessert I debated between the baked alaska and the chocolate souffle tart. I asked the very friendly waitress, she had a long blonde ponytail, and she told me to go with the souffle. It was divine. It had a layer of warm chocolate goo in the middle that was like eating raw warm brownie mix. On top it had caramel ice cream which instantly melted the moment i opened the tart and the warm goo poured out. It was so good but i have to say having the milkshake, cookies and souffle were a bit much for i felt sick for an hour afterward :)The wife and I come here after a bad day at work. Sometimes we come here after a very good day at work. Yesterday, we came here for brunch after we woke up around noon. That's when I noticed we come here a lot.Go ahead. Start with the chocolate things. It is, after all, named Hot Chocolate. Have a signature or seasonal dessert. Suddenly notice they also serve dinner. A hanger steak? Mussels? Oh, you sort of wish you hadn't just eaten at Lame-O-Restaurant.Come back for dinner a week or so later. Ask for a wine pairing. Eat, eat, eat. You are stuffed, but you think to yourself: I am employed and happy. You have dessert, and it is...oh, you cannot speak, it is so good.Soon, you are slightly drunk and very full. So, this is America, you think. Yes, YES! You are having a great time and you suddenly believe in the potential of the country again.You start to go once a month -- maybe more. You feel comfortable there, nestled by its warm chocolate interior and your body has become used to the continuously incoming assortment of delicious treats. The service is amiable, yet un-intrusive. You never think it is a bad idea to come here. Ever.Eventually, you go for brunch and leave in the same delectable haze. The following day, as you eat the last of the treats yesterday's waiter gave you for being a regular, you write a review on Yelp (inexplicably goading others to invade one of your favorite restaurants) wishing you were there instead.For the naysayers: - I, personally, have never had a bad service experience; so I can't attest to yours. I've always found the waitstaff to be knowledgeable and attentive. - Yeah, it's not a cheap meal, but they use excellent local, seasonal ingredients; and that, to me, is worth it.Skip their entrees altogether and just go for the dessert. And if you accept ahead of time that yes, it is indeed expensive, you can enjoy their chocolate much much more.Their hot chocolate, of course, is amazing, and oh my god. The chocolate souffle tart (ohmygod).Pros: Desserts are good, but since they use only in season ingredients, your favorites may not be available year round.  Food is good as well, but nothing extraordinarily orgasmic.  Warm, atmosphere.Cons: Weekend crowds at 10pm+, will be loud when crowded.Bottom Line:  Great comfort food, great for groups, but not so great that it's worth waiting one hour.Mad points for Hot Chocolate.  I stopped by before they got busy one Saturday prior to Christmas to pick up some goodies to give as gifts.I wasn't expecting too much, but they definitely followed through  exceptionally well and delivered exactly what I wanted.  I went in with a price range and was able to pick out what pastries I wanted to give until the employee told me I had reached my price point.  She put everything in an appropriately-sized box, wrapped it with a pretty bow, and affixed a personalized gift tag to the package.  I will definitely keep Hot Chocolate in mind for gifting in the future.  Great job!Disclaimer:  I have only been to Hot Chocolate for brunch.Today is the third time I have meet friends at Hot Chocolate for brunch and my general opinion is that this place is not worth the fuss for brunch.We arrived around 11 am to meet our friends, making a total of four people in our party to be told that the wait was 45 minutes.  However, 20 minutest later, we were asked by the hostess if we would be willing to split a long table in the back with another, larger party.  Assuming that the table was a long thin one that would sufficiently provide space for two distinct parties to sit but not share space, we obliged.  When we arrived at our table, we found that it was actually an oval-shaped booth with two opposing chairs, we realized that our shared table option was not well explained when offered to us.  At the end of the meal, the server was apparently never told that she was serving two different groups at one table and there was some confusion regarding how to split the check...The meal was really just mediocre; egg sandwich, shrimp and grits, french toast brioche, etc.  Nothing special and nothing that would keep me returning to this place and definitely nothing that makes it worth splitting a booth with complete strangers just to eat brunch.  Also, I think the menu is somewhat uninspired for the $10+ menu options.The hot chocolate is decent if you drink it before a slimy film forms over it (within 10 minutes or so) and truly the best part of that restaurant is actually the homemade marshmallows that come with the hot chocolate.En sum, the pros:  location, homemade marshmallows.  The cons: boring brunch menu, overpriced, long wait, don't share tables as none of the tables in that place is designed for it.Obviously other reviewers have a better opinion of this place for lunch/dinner so *maybe* I would be willing to give it a try but not if the wait is 45 minutes as there are too many other places in Chicago that need to be checked out.I have been meaning to eat at Mindy Segal's restaurant for a long time. Finally had the opportunity to do it a couple of weeks ago and I have to say that the food does not disappoint. Sadly the same cannot be said about the service. We were just having desserts at 9:30 on a Friday night and I have to say that right from the get go we did not feel very welcomed. As we arrived the hostess "reminded" us that there was a minimum consumption of $12 per person if we were not having dinner. When I replied that nobody had mentioned this to me she said that it is clearly stated online. I still cannot find any mentioned of this anywhere. Sadly that was just the beginning of a rushed dining experience in which at the end of the night the check was brought to us without even asking if we wanted anything else,  and the busboys cleaning out the table while we were still seated. The funny thing is that we had mentioned to the server that we were going to be ordering hot chocolate after finishing our desserts. Guess she did not care about that sale.I cannot judge the savory part of the menu but the sweets were very well executed. The Banana Ice Box Cake and the Chocolate Souffled Tart were very good. But the Doughnuts were the star of the show. Them alone would have made me come back to try the savories. However, a dining experience cannot be judged solely on the merits of the food provided but also on the level of hospitality received, and IMHO this is where Hot Chocolate needs to really step it up. I for one after this experience would not go back, not even for the delicious Doughnuts.Quite contrary to the other reviews, I was not so happy with the joint.  At the same time, it was my first time going there so I'm hoping that the Chef just didn't like me, which is why my breakfast was so freakin' bad.  And I was bummed because I really wanted to like this place since it's in my hood.Give me straight up eggs and I'm a very happy lady, give me runny eggs, (which is what I was served at Hot Chocolate) and you get bad-news Betty.  I ordered the quiche which usually rocks my socks no matter where I order it from, (trust me, I'm not that picky when it comes to my eggs) and it ended up leaking egg residue all over my plate. Talk about Yum to the capital O.  Yeah not so much and definitely NOT a home run for me.Horribly overrated. This is by far the worst restaurant i have ever been to. The food is unimaginative, overpriced, small servings and bad service to boot. This place is supposed to specialize in chocolate and they have a snickers flavored desert. I don't need to play $15 a plate for something that i can get at the neighborhood 7/11 for 79 cents. The food: I would be willing (maybe) to overlook the sub-par deserts if the food was delicious...but unfortunately it is not. The majority of their menu is sandwiches (for $13-20). One of my friends got the tuna melt and it was (and im not kidding) made out of canned tuna. Now theres nothing wrong with a tuna melt made out of canned tuna (i make them all the time) but if your going to claim to be a sheik upscale, $15 a plate restaurant you should do that. While this was by far the worst thing served at my table the other dishes were equally disappointing and equally unimaginative. Bottom line. Don't go to this place. Eat at a good restaurant and then walk to a nice bakery that actually makes good desert.P.S. Also they overcharged my credit card by $10. so they literally stole from me.We came here for brunch on a chilly Sunday afternoon. The overall decor of the place was very appealing. It was a bit noisy, partially because the room was filled to capacity, and also because they had loud rock music playing in the background! Still, it didn't detract from the atmosphere, though it may not be a great place for a quiet, romantic date. We were seated quickly, though the tables in our area were very cramped together. We could easily overhear our neighbors conversations - we were practically touching them! Our hot chocolate came quickly - my "medium hot chocolate" was delicious and rich. It came with a sweet and gooey homemade marshmallow on the side. This was the best part of the meal - it was so decadent and relaxing on a cold day! Our food took a very long time (no explanation for this), and I wasn't quite as impressed as I'd hoped! My ham/egg/pesto sandwich was *extremely* salty. I had actually read a review of this place where the diner had the same complaint - maybe it's a trend! The culprit appeared to be the ham - maybe that's just the way ham tastes, but it really took away from the sandwich. I had to keep gulping down my water. The fried egg, however, was delicious on the crusty bread with the flavorful pesto. Still, in order for it to be really palatable, I had to get rid of the ham, so they lost points there. I ended up with basically an egg sandwich, which was yummy, but not what I had planned on eating. Still, I enjoyed my brunch, and parts of it were very good. I'd be willing to give the place another shot, maybe for dinner.We decided to give this once more try since we were in the mood for a little hot chocolate & were in the neighborhood. We also had an a la card discount card for $10 off $25. We strode in and were informed that the wait for just dessert was 30 minutes, so we decided to take the desserts to go. We ordereddark hot chocolate - WOW deliciousmexican hot chocolate - spicy & yummycookies - they are expensive but i want more!!brownies - soft & chocolatynow I understand why the head chef is a famous for pastry. The cookies were absolutely heavenly, and a great combo with the hot chocolate.i could have just gone here for dessert, but instead enjoyed a wonderful multi-course meal - and boy am I glad I did (with my mom to boot).The ambiance and service are complimentary - subdued, attentive and just right.  We had the beet and wedge salads to start which were opposite ends of the salad continuum - the beet salad is light and citrusy while the wedge is creamy.  We were surprised that the beet salad came with smoked salmon which wasn't mentioned on the menu - we broke even since mom liked it but I didn't care for it.  For mains, the special sturgeon was very good served over a red pepper puree with peas.  The lamb was cooked properly, but wasn't as tender as I've had in the past - I waived this since the rest of the meal was very nice.Desserts are where they shine.  I knew dessert would be good, but I had no idea the dessert menu was the same size as the regular menu.  I had the Chocolate #1 which was a rich, melting chocolate tarte with a delicate pretzel, salted caramel ice cream and chocolate covered biscuit.  Mom had the carrot cake and loved it (the poor thing is allergic to chocolate, but still loved the experience - and no I'm not mean, the restaurant was her choice). I'd love to go back and try the doughnuts to dip in chocolate and caramel or one of the many chocolate beverages.  Portions are healthy, so if you plan to order multiple courses consider sharing or bringing home so you save room for dessert.P.S. for dinner this is definitely a $$$ for one to two courses, for just dessert then you can plan for $$So I've been excited to try Hot Chocolate..I've heard good things about it so finally got around to coming here last week for dinner. The ambiance is nice, fancy hipster dining. Our server was super nice & really informative about the menu and specials. For starters we ordered a couple of pretzels & I had the butternut squash soup. The starters were really good, but when it came to the entrees..we were a lil unimpressed.I ordered the cheddar melt & kinda thought that it would be hard to fail on a grilled cheese, but I really didn't like it. Also my sister ordered one of the specials, scallops served in a roasted pumpkin and she said that hers was way too salty. My grilled cheese was definitely on the salty side as well. The bf ordered the salmon which was pretty good, but for the price of $23 idk if it was really worth it. At the end of it we were left with some salty flavors lingering in our mouth that we weren't in the mood for dessert (i know, i know this is like the main reason people come here) which also left our server asking us..."WHAT?! WHY?!" We felt kinda bad that we weren't gonna stick around for dessert, but I guess the next time that we come here we're going to skip the dinner and head straight for dessert then maybe I can bump up the star rating for Hot Chocolate..My boyfriend and I just moved down the street from this place (dangerous, I know) and we're already obsessed. Any place that has to ask if you're here for desserts, drinks, or dinner is good by me!Their hot chocolate is (obviously) amazing, but be prepared, it's rich! I will be sure to split an order next time... but wow. Our food was just as delicious and I seriously could've eaten the pretzels as a meal, they were so good. I can't wait to be a regular at this place!Tried the doughnuts with hot fudge and caramel corn for dessert. So so good. Eat them while they are warm and soft though- not as delicious otherwise. I also split the Mexican hot chocolate with a friend. I personally am not a fan (too much cayenne pepper for my taste) but that's an individual thing. The marshmallow was perfect. Negatives: 12$ for dessert and a dollar to split the hot chocolate. overpriced. Secondly, hostess wouldn't seat me until my friend who was literally across the street paying for parking, which she could see too, was standing at my side. Instead she seated a couple who came in a bit after me so by the time my friend came we got a table right next to the register. Worst table- I think I jumped a few times initially when I'd hear glassware clanking behind me every so often, so that was a mood spoiler.I've been here twice. Our waitress was fabulous - very interested in making sure you get something to suit your tastebuds. The cheese appetizer is top-notch and the sides have been well thought-out (Bin-36 should take note of this). The mac & cheese is also a very good appetizer. All dinner entrees were good, and the desserts were great. The Hot Chocolate, as expected, was the best.They have a good variety of great micro-brews (be ready to pay up to $10 for a bottle) and wines. You'll end up paying more than you expect to, after adding up the expensive drinks, appetizers, and desserts. But you'll leave otherwise satisfied.Yum, yum, yum!!!  I can't stop going to Hot Chocolate.  And you think i would be satisfied with ordering one dessert.  But no....instead I order two desserts plus a hot chocolate every time we go...... and guess who ends up eating most of it.  Yes....me!!!  My favorites are the doughnuts that come with caramel popcorn and chocolate...so decadent and so fun.  I also love any of the banana inspired desserts.  But then again, I love them all!Brunch date = Jan 3 2010Actually 2 1/2 stars.....Maybe it's just me, but I did not enjoy the hot chocolate (medium minus the dark) @ Hot Chocolate.  It was like drinking melted chocolate minus the milk and it was not served hot.  My husband stated that I'm not use to "real" hot chocolate but I beg to differ.  After informing the waitress, she brought me a cup of hot milk to mix with what was originally served but the cup that the hot milk was served in would of made it very awkward to mix with the original hot chocolate.  Finally, she prepared another cup of hot chocolate which was 90% better and I drank every drip drop.  So, after all of that, I still prefer Nestle prepared at home!  LOL!  No more hot chocolate at Hot Chocolate for me!**My french toast was SMOTHERED in rasberry.....and (lemon cream?) - OVERKILL.  But, I will be giving the french toast another try minus all the trimmings because what I picked over was quite yummy with JUST SYRUP.  **My scrambled eggs were undercooked.  **The organic sausage was blah; next time I will try ham or bacon.  **My husband shared his potatoes with, they were tasty but overcooked in my opinion.My husband tried to get me out the house yesterday for a second time around but I didn't make it.  He's anxious to try the pancake(s) and quiche.  Nevertheless, I am willing to give Hot Chocolate a 2nd chance.The tables are TOO CLOSE FOR COMFORT.For playing Gangstarr's "You Know My Steez" right after we sat down.Oh, the desserts weren't bad, either. (Alright, alright: the peanut butter milkshake was killer.)I've heard mixed things about Hot Chocolate, however, being the choco-holic that I am I had to try it out for myself. I went there one Friday night with my Mom (yes I am lame), and had a really GOOD meal! To start we shared the cheese biscuits with the swirled honey butter- these biscuits were not cheesy at all, and the swirled honey butter was such a great touch. The biscuits were small which left plenty of room for my green salad with homemade balasmic dressing and macaroni & chesse and my Mom's steak. The macaroni & cheese was definately a grown-up version of a childhood classic, it was SOOOOOO good, and rich, yet the portion wasn't huge which made it perfect. My Mom commented that her steak was tender and flavorful with a garnish of jalapeno peppers. For dessert we each had a hot chocolate- she had the white chocolate with four ginger snap cookies (all weekend she has been raving about those cookies) and I had the Mexican (2/3 dark chocolate, 1/3 milk and cinnimamon). Each hot chocolate came with a BIG square gooey marshmellow!People have commented that the place is pricey for the portion size- yes, Hot Chocolate is on the pricey side (which is why I went with my Mom), but I contend that in the USA we are so used to JUMBO sized EVERYTHING we have no idea what an actual portion is supposed to look like. Further more, the food/desserts at Hot Chocolate are so rich and decedant, I know if I were served a US standard portion I wouldve left sick to my stomach. I contend Hot Chocolate is a place to go for a special occasion, or if you have a friend from out of town given the price, the warm soothing ambiance created through lots of brown decor and candle light, and the richness of the food. It is not the type of place I would go regularly- yet I enjoyed my experience none the less.We only came for dessert and cocktails, not dinner, so I can only partially comment on the food and service.In short, looking at the prices of the dessert/hot chocolate made you think that they were made from shredded angel wings and unicorn tears, with the flavors to boot.  Nope.Unfortunately being let down like that will not make me want to come back and try their dinner menu.OK, had a rough start early on when it came to meals, despite the great dessert/treat menu. Thankfully, the menu's been revamped a bit, so at least weekend brunch is accessible to most people. The place was hopping when I was there with my family, and while my wife found the sausage/biscuit sandwich too salty, my young daughter loved the eggs, and I could barely keep from downing the Mexican hot chocolate (on ice) in one gulp.Admittedly, the pricing is a bit odd (anything with sugar in it seems to be a bit spendy, while the savory items are perfectly priced), but all in all it's a solid place.Good ambiance and cozy vibe on a Friday late night.  Walked in without a reservation and was lucky to get a table for 6 due to a cancellation!   Here's what we ordered:Hot chocolates:- "black-and-tan" (fudge and milk chocolate):  fantasticly thick and smooth, and not too sweet - my fave.- white chocolate with peppermint: cloyingly sweet, wouldn't order again.- Mexican hot chocolate - pleasant cinnamon kick but didn't taste any chile- dark chocolate: unctuous and unremarkable, wouldn't order again.Was surprised by the lengthy non-dessert menu - had the burger with bacon, cheese, and chips, to balance all the sweet.  Will definitely return to try the Mac n' Cheese, Soft Pretzels, and other comfy food eats.We went for brunch and it was just ok.  I think that $4 for a coffee and $2 for a refill is ridiculous.  My eggs were supposed to be poached and therefore still yolky, when they arrived they were cold and over-hard.Also, I am not sure what was in the bloody mary but it tasted like vinegar, and I could not finish it.  I am pretty disappointed and will probably not be back for brunch.I would like to echo San T's review and say there is absolutely nothing wrong with this place! My darling and I came here on a whim for our one year anniversary. I had plans to cook him a romantic dinner, but we were already out and figured it would be just as great if we went out (and spared him of having to do the dishes). I had heard of Hot Chocolate and knew the neighborhood, and since I am still new to Chicago there weren't many options to consider. Luckily, this turned out to be an amazing choice. We started off with the pretzel appetizer. Super yummy (watch out for that mustard -- it is potent!) and a good sharing size. My sweetie had a beer and I had a moscow mule (yummy! I had two in the end). The (very nice and attentive) waiter recommended the pork chop for my boyfriend and I had the mac n cheese (thinking this would be a conservative choice that would justify getting dessert and hot chocolate). WOWZA. The pork chop was on fire! Huge portion and perfectly cooked. The flavor was amazing. Worth the price tag.Now how do I describe the mac n cheese? Remember when you were a kid and Kraft mac n cheese (or Velveeta, depending on your household) was THE BEST THING EVER? Then remember how you grew up and that stuff never tasted the same, but you never seem to find anything that tasted as amazing as the mac n cheese you had as a kid? No? Okay, maybe its just me. However, for me, Hot Chocolate's mac n cheese is the closest thing I have found that allows my adult taste buds to return to that childhood cheesiness perfection. What I mean is -- this stuff is GOOD. It is SO rich, SO flavorful, SO perfectly textured. It totally blew me away. Totally perfect -- get this! I ordered the "thoughts on a peanut butter cup" dessert and the chai hot chocolate. My lovely had the pear dessert. Everything in this section was REALLY GOOD. I loved the peanut butter dessert. YUMMY.The price tag really depends on what route you take. If you go here for the full restaurant experience its a $$$ experience, but completely worth it. We had 2 cocktails, 2 beers, 1 appetizer, 1 entree, 1 mac n cheese dish,  2 desserts, and 1 hot chocolate and the price tag was $120 without tip which I think is completely reasonable. The quality alone justifies it, but to top it off the portions are meant for real humans and not the elves so many fine dining restaurants are apparently catering to. It is also worth noting, that the menu had a variety of dining (price) options, so you could have a nice meal and spend less if that's what you want to do. You can come here just for the dessert, but honestly, you'd be missing out.Also, ambiance is perfect for a romantic evening. Gentleman, take a lady here! You will impress her. Hot Chocolate, please don't ever change because I am planning on going back!The food is great, but the service, and appreciation of customers is even better.I took my wife for a Birthday Dinner there, we had an early afternoon reservation we go there and ate dinner, and the meal was wonderful, slightly expensive but nonetheless wonderful. When we go home she got sick, she has a severe shell fish allergy, and somehow cross contamination occurred.The next day I called, and asked to speak to the manager who was not there, so I spoke to the chef Arik, and explained to him what happened, he apologized profusely and invited us to come back in for another meal which they would take care of.  I made a reservation for two weeks out, the week before Arik called me to again apologize and thank me for giving them a second chance. When we went in, they gave us the best seat in the house, our service was wonderful. The owner Mindy came by our table several times to check on us, and ensure we where having a good time. We order our meal, and it was amazing as expected and everything was covered on the house to make up for the first time. We must say the customer service will definitely keep us coming back, and worthy of me going online and providing it a 5 star yelp rating.This review really hurts to write, because it's always painful to have to pan a restaurant you formerly loved.When we first started going to Hot Chocolate, it was superb.  Great twists on comfort foods and favorites--mac and cheese as haute cuisine!--and Mindy was always accessible.  Prices are a bit stiff, but I don't mind that if the food and experience lives up to the cost.Fast forward to this month.  Dishes that had been excellent are meh.  Prices are up.  Service was slooow.  The experience was...painful.  For instance, I ordered the Beef Bourguinone--the priciest item on the menu (surprising; it's supposed to be French beef stew).  An amazingly small portion, tough meat, nondescript execution and seasoning.  Oh, and you want bread with that?  (Well, of course; it's got a lot of sauce).  That's an additional $6.This experience was replicated throughout the table.  The formerly amazing mac and cheese was watery and nondescript.  The lamb was greasy...and so on.To cap it off, it took over 20 minutes after giving the waiter our cards to close out--and it was amazingly screwed up even then.If you are shooting at the moon, and have made it in the past, you can't let yourself slip like this.  Chicago is a remarkable town for great restaurants; coasting on past performance is a sure way to get forgotten.Gimme more hot chocolate!The medium hot chocolate over ice with the homemade marshmallows = the best!!!Every time I am in wicker park we grab the hot chocolate to go!Last time we stayed inside, ordered the sweet potato pie and two hot chocolates hot. The sweet potato pie was delicious! The hot-hot chocolate was way too chocolaty and too sweet, I had to dilute with water.I've had a real meat here one time, we ordered the clams, but I don't remember what I ordered for entrees. I remember liking the clams but I wasn't crazy about the entrees. I will definitely come here again for food.We stopped in on a whim for dessert one night.  The place was packed and the atmosphere was nice and cozy.  What I really wanted was a glass of port.  I didn't recognize any of their offerings, so I asked the bartender for his recommendation.  He said he had one LBV port.  When I asked how it was, he said, "it doesn't suck".  Ah, just was I was looking for, port that doesn't suck.  The desserts looked outstanding.  I usually don't order chocolate desserts, but I just couldn't resist the tribute to the malted milk ball.  I love malted milk balls and this one was a combination of a few different preparations, along with a sip of a shake.  I was sold.  Unfortunately, dessert was disappointing.  There was not really even a hint of malt in the entire dessert, just mostly bitter chocolate and peanut butter.  It was not at all what I was expecting, but if I were into chocolate desserts, perhaps I wouldn't have been so disappointed.I liked the atmosphere, the bartender was entertaining and the food looked very good.  Maybe I just ordered wrong.  Not sure if I'll be back to find out, though.How can hot chocolate be so damn good?! The hot chocolate and home made marshmellow blew my mind. mind, blown. Officially. I've had hot chocolate wrong all these years. At the end of my chicago trip, I found myself craving 2 things, 2 things alone: Peqoud's pizza and Hot chocolate. That's it.I got the medium hot chocolate. That's all I ever want now.OK, I have Hot Chocolate every morning, in my coffee.  This was Chocolate, Hot CHOCOLATE.  Not milk with a little Chocolate.  This is honest to goodness liquid chocolate with a home made marshmallow and it was rich, decadent and delicious!  To be candid I have only tried the desserts here.  It's fantastic, you can taste the quality.Divine deliciousness.  I've been here twice and my experiences were great.  For a restaurant with sensational hot chocolate the great food makes it tempting for you to eat until you are too full to enjoy dessert.  I would recommend folks eating dinner here  save room in their bellies for dessert.Delicious: Pork Belly appetizer (so tender and mouth watering) and the mac and cheese (perfect for one meal or to share as an app).I love the wine and beer selections too.  Not your typical selection and, unfortunately, the prices spoke to this.I will continue to visit this place when I come to Chicago.Was in town for a family reunion and stopped here to visit a good friend's 30th birthday party celebration.  We already had dinner plans so we took everyone's advice and had an order of their mac n' cheese.  Good lord that stuff was quite delicious and worth every penny!  The cheeses were perfectly blended into this rich, creamy sauce and the noodles were cooked extremely well so the overall texture was amazing.  I'm a huge fan of mac n' cheese and Mindy's has now made it to my top 3.  I wish they had a location in Atlanta, because I'd send everyone there for that and their desserts.Love the obscure decor, including the cow skulls hung above our table and interesting choice of artwork along the restroom entrances.  Our waiter was on the ball and attentive.We have plans to visit again for a full dinner and dessert next time we're in town :)If someone tries to talk you out of coming here, don't listen to them.Sure, the wait might be awhile (45 min) on a busy night w/o reservationsbut you are here to experience some really crazy delicious desserts. It's no wonder Mindy, their pastry chef, got voted outstanding pastry chef by James Beard. We ordered the banana bread pudding and on first bite my mouth fell in love with the soft layers alternated by crispy creme brulee'd banana.How they managed to pull it off w/o making it too sweet surprised me. Price? Yes, pricey -- $12... but oh man do they know how to makean out of this world dessert.After our meal at Ruxbin Kitchen we drove up the street for dessert at Hot Chocolate. It's a dessert destination in Chicago, as well as a full service restaurant. Mindy Segal has numerous awards including five consecutive James Beard nominations for best pasty chef in the country (and plenty of Chicago wins). The menu devotes equal space to dinner food and the long list of desert options.We just wanted a few dishes and didn't think to call ahead for a table (a small mistake) and ended up waiting for a little while to get a table in the lounge area (nothing a drink couldn't fix). Once seated the largest obstacle is choosing what to eat. There are plain desserts, various hot chocolates (of course) and milkshakes. We decided on three: dreamsicle baked alaska (vanilla bean ice cream, toasted meringue, Cara Cara orange sorbet, blood orange - tapioca consommé), the banana brioche bread pudding (coffee cocoa nib semifreddo, coffee-toffee-Moloko Milk Stout hot fudge, toffee brittle), and warm brioche doughnuts (warm and delicious, served with caramel corn and hot fudge).There were many other enticing options but we had to choose something. The bread pudding was outrageously good and worth a return trip, the baked alaska was interesting and true to form but not our favorite and finally the doughnuts and warm chocolate sauce were disappointingly warm and no where near as tasty as Doughnut Vault.Mindy is still cranking out really good and interesting desserts and I wish it was possible to try all in one sitting. I still haven't tried the milk shakes or the hot chocolates. I probably will only order the bread pudding again but that doesn't mean Hot Chocolate isn't one of the best (or best) dessert focused establishments in the city. Enjoy.NO MORE BACON CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES????i walked in today to grab some, and they said they "don't do cookies anymore.  this is a restaurant now, not a bakery."  super disappointed :(things change, i suppose.  but not cool when i'm craving bacon and chocolate.While it's likely that this review is pointless, as 542 previous reviewers have probably said anything profound, witty or semi-entertaining that I might say. However my experience was so sublime that I feel compelled to write about it. Cheese and chocolate for dinner? That's the kind of life I could get used to! I was long overdue for some quality time with a good friend, and we opted to fore go beers or dinner for dessert. Hot Chocolate was the perfect venue. We were able to catch up on current events in our lives and reminisce about people we love to hate over a lovely bottle of red vino. Our server was phenomenal - we entrusted him with both our beverage selection and the appropriate cheese pairing and he did not disappoint. Dessert was mind blowing. Brioche mini donuts? Is that for real? Holy decadence, keep 'em coming! If I could find an MD that would tell me a diet of wine, cheese and brioche donuts was a healthy, low cal option, I'd be the first to jump on the bandwagon. Hot Chocolate is a must visit for any one who likes to occasionally indulge in the rich and delicious.One of these days I'd like to go to Hot Chocolate for dinner so I can see what the food tastes like--it sure looks interesting on the menu.... But as of yet, I've only been there for the hot chocolate, which is absolutely out of this world. I'm not a huge sweet tooth, so I especially dig on the Half and Half: half chocolate, half espresso. And the hunk of homemade marshmallow on the side is sweet without making your teeth ache... perfect!The atmosphere is cool, and if you're only going for drinks and a dessert they've got a nice big area at the front where you can sit and enjoy. If you are going for dinner, I do have one piece of advice: make a reservation. When we were there, there was a couple involved in a lengthy tirade with a waitress first and then a manager. They apparently had walked in and tried to wait for a table, and had been waiting twice as long as they were supposed to. It made for excellent entertainment while we sipped our drinks, but was probably not as fun for the two of them. But what do you expect at a small place on a Friday night?Going early (10am) for brunch will not result in less of a wait for a table. This is The Babying Hour. Tiny children borrow or steal their parents cars to eat the big pancake or pound a plate full of pastries, and get f@#$ed up on a really good bloody mary (it doesn't take much).There'll be room at the bar, as their legs are too short to boost themselves into a seat, arms to feeble, but the bartender is awesome. ps. Last time I didn't finish my entire big pancake (side of scrambled eggs with cheddar), she suggested that I order the child's size in the future. burn!Oh Hot Chocolate; how I love thee. So a group of us go to Hot Chocolate for dinner and drinks and of-course dessert. The night started out amazing; the host was SUPER AMAZINGLY sweet. They had a wait and she would update us on our wait time and was just down right nice. We all commented on the friendly host they had. Then we get seated and once again; amazing server. He too was extra friendly and explained the menu and took really good care of us. We once again commented on the staff and how great they all were. They even gave us free monkey bread (which was finger linkin' good - btw) cause they were a little behind in the kitchen and did not want us to wait any longer for food. And we once again - we thought wow! Nice people!!! So the food comes out and everything is great. We're all loving our meals. The hamburger was awesome (with a fried egg on top, please!). Really good stuff...So then why the 3 stars you may ask... Halfway through the meal I remember I had not told the server that we had a restuarant.com coupon and I felt that they should know; that's the fair thing to do. And then everything goes down hill; even though we tipped on the original bill. The server just disappeared!  He took a good 10 to 15 minutes to take our dessert order and then it took them about 20 to 25 to bring the dessert out to us. At one point we even tried to cancel the order but could not get the server's attention. And for some odd reason it was hot as hell in there. Like the heat was on hot. People were fanning themselves with their menu. We were sweating hot! Crazy!!! Oh then I talk to one of my friends after dinner and she tells me that there was a LONG piece of hair in her lamb sausage. Gross, gross, gross. Think meat and hair... Disgusting!Anyways, sad the evening ending bad because I love Hot Chocolate. I guess the next time I go there I just won't tell them about the coupon. Either way, the items that are a MUST ORDER are - Hamburger with the fried egg on top and the Cherry Cheesecake! Both were super amazing!!! Oh - and first white bottle of white wine they have listed! Delicious, summery and light!After much ado to plan my sister's bachelorette.  Hot Chocolate hit the spot! 14 ladies were accomodated even though they warned me our table was really meant for 12.  But they let us do what we wanted and we squeezed our booties into that private booth and it was worth it:)  We had cocktails and wine... I highly reccomend the chocolate martini its TOO DIE FOR.  I had the burger upon reccomendation and let me tell you a burger like takes the cake.  Its truly just a well made, well cooked delicious pile of awesomeness.  Chips are awesome and the homemade pickles made my day:)My sister had the porkbelly salad and it was like not a salad in a good way.  She was like this is nuts its SOO good.  Also we had some pretzels to start which by the way are very good and only made better with the cheesy sauce that goes with it.  Desserts were abounding... The souflet is to die for, the peanut putter thing is delicious, the carrot cake is a delightful surprise... and of course MORE chocolate martinis pleeeeease.  Totally has something for everyone with a warm but swanky feel you can be casual or dressed up and you can get some amazing comfort foods done RIGHT!THANK YOU TO EVERYONE AT MINDY'S FOR MAKING MY SISTER'S BACHELORETTE PARTY DINNER A HIT:)Hands down the best desert place I have ever been. Great atmosphere for dates or friends, fantastic hot chocolate and their salted caramel ice cream is the best I have had.I assumed this would be a "date" place.  Au contraire, mon frère!  This is a very friendly place.  The crowd is totally mixed.  Old and young, gay and straight, Hipster and not, come one, come all!I have been here twice now, and the second time our waiter remembered us and reminded my date which wine he ordered.The chocolate martini is Out.  of.  This.  World.Next time I have family or friends in from out of town, I will take them here for dessert.First, I wanted to go here because of the Hot Chocolate.  I love the stuff and this place definitely delivers.  I got the Medium and Mexican Chocolate.  I think I like the Medium the best.   When you go, you gotta get the Hot Chocolate.  Oh yeah and with the dessert, I got a milkshake.  Those are great as well.  The appetizers were good (patte, mussels) but didn't like the ahi tuna.  For dinner, the mac n' cheese was as rich as advertised.  the kobi steak was salty.  the special (braised pork) was great.  the lasagna was ok.  The desserts were good.  (cookies).  i liked the " ode to the whatchamacallit " but others only thought it was ok.  Good service.  Great Crowd but seating a little squishy. (some were waiting at the bar and getting too much into our space).  Great experience overall.It's no question why this restaurant goes by the name of Hot Chocolate...because the hot chocolate here is fantastic!My sister & I brought our mom and her significant other here. They both have a sweet tooth, and we had $25 gift certificates from restaurants.com. I had heard mixed reviews, but I believe in trying things for myself.We had two light chocolates and two medium chocolates. Mom & her guy won with that choice, because the medium was killer. That doesn't mean the light wasn't tasty, cuz it sure was. But go with the medium...that's coming from someone who isn't a HUGE chocolate fan.We also ordered a bunch of desserts, and even ended up with an additional free one due to a mix up. All of these were tasty.It's a great place for a date or a night out with the girls. The space can get a little crowded, tho.Went here relatively late (10:30ish?) on a Saturday night, just for drinks and dessert. The ambience was lovely -- dark and romantic. Definitely a good date spot. Or, you know, bring someone you're having casual sex with, as a gesture akin to "thanks for the good times!" Whatever, either way the person will probably be impressed.The drink selection was pretty great -- a nice list of cocktails, decent wine and beer selection. But the desserts were amazing. I had a blueberry-themed creation (on the seasonal menu) and it featured sweet corn-flavored ice cream and cannoli filling. I thought this sounded... interesting. Who knew, sweet corn and blueberry are a perfect match. Well, I'm guessing the pastry chef knew, but I was surprised.My friends' desserts looked delicious. I'm embarrassed to say, none of us shared. So I think we were all pretty pleased.After a long hiatus from Yelp, I'm back and feeling bitchy!  Well I guess I picked the wrong review to start with because honestly, Hot Chocolate was quite delicious.  The food was so amazingly rich.  And delicious.  I would definitely recommend getting a dessert.  I would also recommend making a reservation.  I called and they only had two time available for a table for two.  But it was well worth the wait.  Having desserts made by a James Beard Foundation nominee is not something you come across everyday!  I had the tuna melt which was very nice and light.  I also sampled the macaroni and cheese which was ohmagod amazing.  I mean I would definitely go back just to have a full serving of the mac and cheese.  And while you're there make sure to have some Hot Chocolate because these Chicago winters are not getting any warmer.This place has THE most AMAZING dessert/hot chocolate I've ever tasted. Chocolate #1 is definitely the winner with all the desserts, it's the perfect blend of sweet, salty, hot, cold, crispy, soft, moist... i mean, it has every flavor in just the right amounts. The portions of dessert look pretty small, but they're usually to heavy for one person to eat if you've already eaten dinner. I"m not a huge fan of their food. I do eat meat, but I usu. prefer to eat vegetarian food, and they don't have much of a selection of veggie food. Their mac and cheese is good.. nothing special ( it's hard to mess up mac and cheese) . Service is very good. Infact, one time my boyfriend and I were eating there and we were , ofcourse, eating dessert-- so the server brought out another dessert for us to try which was supposedly very new on their menu (free of charge). That was very  nice of him to bring out some dessert just to get our opinion on it.This is definitely one of my favorite places to go to and will be for a long time :)Very good, rich desserts are only the end of the story. Hot Chocolate leads off with some excellent cocktails, including one with maple syrup of all things (which is surprisingly not that thick and actually quite good).For me, though, the star was the duck, served medium-rare. It's some of the best I've had. One of my friends was served a burger that was overcooked, but they made it good by making another, then taking his burger off the check altogether. My only complaint is that the server had too many tables under his supervision, which made service slow, even on a Sunday night. He was friendly and helpful, but there is only so much one waiter can do at the same time.Before you go, check Restaurant.com for a coupon. It saved us more than $20.I am normally not a big fan for desserts but OH BOY I have to admit I AM IN LOVE WITH their Banana's and Butterscotch (Version #2) =) I can't wait to come back and order two of these. This place is great for an intimate gathering on a cold winter night in chicago. They serve up different types of pipping hot chocolate and top it off with their homemade marshmellow. Can I say YUM-O but yea back to my undying love for their Banana's and Butterscotch I don't even know how to start decribing it. You really have to just go there and try. But for those who are wondering what it is made of I have copied their description please see below:-Banana's and Butterscotch (Version #2)banana brioche bread pudding, banana sherbet, malted liquid butterscotch, cardamom cream and banana cake cannoli(they pour the malted liquid butterscotch at your table side) bonus points for that heheI heard that they are pretty busy normally but I was lucky to come on a random week night after dinner but still had to wait 5 minutes. So make sure you set aside ample of time if you are planning to come here for dinner. Their drinks and dessert are about $5-$8 a pop so it is slightly on the pricey side but hey I promise you wont' be disappointed! Make sure to stop by for a hot coco if you ever in town.Oh my...I've certainly been missing a little sumpin' sumpin' with Hot Chocolate. The eats (everything was split w/ my wife) : - Mussels - Pork Belly Salad- CassouletThe drinks- Bottle of Oro de Calabazza Beer The desserts - Mexican Hot chocolate - Napolean Chocolate & Pear  Everything my wife and I tried that night was a star. Amongst the savories, the Pork Belly Salad and Cassoulet dishes are ones that i'm dying to try again. The Mussels were also outstanding, and like many Mussel dishes, a pretty big portion. Dessert did not dissapoint, and in fact, probably even exceeded the high expectations we had coming in the restaurant. Overall, really fun experience at Hot Chocolate. Service was impeccable, atmosphere was warm and cozy and good was amazing. A great visit and its a place I'd love to visit again.Okay, yeah, officially one of my favorite places in Chicago.  Everything is just so tasty and well balanced. A meal here feels decadent, but it's also portioned correctly and I've never found anything to be overly heavy. This includes the hot chocolate and desserts. I finally tried brunch here, which was spectacular. The seasonal vegetable grits were the best thing I've eaten in a while, and that's saying a lot. A note about ordering coffee here with brunch -- it's not bottomless like most places do. You're given a french press, which is kind of quirky of them. I would've rather just had a cup of hot coffee refilled as I was drinking it but it was by no means a dealbreaker :)Also, wait for 2 people at 11:30am on a Saturday was like, 5 minutes. Hooray!The dishes here can be hit or miss but they are good they are amazing! The octopus appetizer wasn't what I was expecting but was served with the most delicious cheese. I highly recommend the rabbit entree or the lamb sausage sandwich if they are on the menu when you go. Both were out of this world. The cheese selections are always fantastic. The Brooklyn Brewery milkshake was tasty but be advised that it is salty. Also--the service was good and a not a large beer selection but a good selection.The $7 hot chocolate is actually worth it. It's so rich and creamy, and the homemade marshmallow is an awesome touch. I tried the medium and the black and tan. I liked the medium the best.The baked goods are pretty mediocre, in my opinion. There is so much butter in everything. We got a baker's dozen of cookies and a few other treats. Nothing really stood out other than the heavy butter flavor in everything.I didn't get a chance to try their menu outside of sweets. I intend to go back to do so!I came, I saw, I conquered...for the amount of money that I could afford. It was a Friday night, and I had a fake final the next day. I wanted to celebrate and get ready for an amazing weekend of being done with school and hanging with my beau. But really, what I needed, was macaroni and cheese. Sometimes, I crave it. So I searched yelp and decided that this was the place to try the macaroni and cheese.I was not disappointed. It was rich, creamy and had a wonderful crust of browned cheese on the top. The portion size was not small. Do not get tricked into thinking that it is. At the end of the bowl, I could not have put any more macaroni and cheese into my body. It wouldn't have been possible in any sense at all. But it was delicious and it helped me get over my craving.Since I went with Brian K, we decided to split dessert and each get some hot chocolate. I got the medium hot chocolate and we split the doughnuts. And the doughnuts were very delicious; light and fluffy, with a wonderful sugar coating on them. The hot chocolate was also good; not too dark and not too light either, a perfect blend. The homemade marshmallow was delicious too, but I couldn't add it to the hot chocolate because it was too rich. My whole meal was the richest thing I have ever eaten in my life, and I'm not sure if I went back that I would make the same choices. Definitely I would try a dessert and some hot chocolate, but maybe I'd get a salad and split the mac and cheese. The tables next to us both got the beet salad, and it looked delicious, especially if you love beets (which I do).The atmosphere was nice, even though it was quite crowded at 9:30 at night. However, it was Friday and the food came out pretty quickly. There is not much to complain about at all, except that I'm probably too poor to eat the way I want to eat at this restaurant. I already have plans to go back for hot chocolate and dessert in this wonderful Chicago weather.How completely overrated. I made the mistake of coming on a Saturday night without a reservation & waited 45 minutes just to be seated at the bar, so I'm glad I only planned on having dessert. Our waiter (bartender) was a phony, smug little attention whore who seemed like he was waiting to be "discovered" at any moment. Most annoying waiter I've ever had. I had a "medium" hot chocolate & my sister had the black & tan hot chocolate. The first sip was awesome, but even for a chocoholic like me, it was so rich & chocolatey that I had to add water just to be able to drink it. From the online menu, I was so excited to try the warm brioche donuts with fudge sauce on the side. However, while they were still good, the picture on the website needs to be updated because they were not what I expected. Nice atmosphere, just super crowded and pretentiously overrated, in my eyes. Won't be going back.I loved this place! The entrance is so small that I almost passed by.. but inside it's huge, lots of tables... I had a brownie with a sorbet, something like that and it was delicious.. it's a bit pricey though.I went in search of chocolate after our early meal at Volo at Roscoe Village. I mean I had one of those big CHOC cravings- the kind that does not go away and could not be satiated by any other desert substitute. Then I remembered hot chocolate. I mean surely they had decent chocolate, right?Let's put it this way, I was satisfied. I don't know what the other reviewers ate, but I had PURE CHOCOLATE (63%)- the souffle with caramel ice cream. Heeelo heaven. I had my next table diners looking over with envy. My partner had a Spring special- Banana bread. His was good, but mine was better.Oh, thank God for chocolate.It cures all.This place gets pretty packed so it is best to expect a long wait before you get a table.  We always end up eating in the lounge area because it is pretty much the same thing, except you dont have a formal table to eat on....and since I usually come here just for drinks or dessert...dont really need a table.The hot chocolate is pretty nice...a bit pricey, but thats because it is organic (milk/marshmallow).My friend had their cheese sandwich (aged) and milkshake...it was really good from what i could tell from his facial expressions.The decor is really warm and a great place to bring a date for a closing meeting before you seal the deal.oh...forgot to mention - share if you can the hot chocolate.  it gets too rich/filling if you have the whole thing yourself.The menu was simple but the food was amazing.  They take something as plain as macaroni and cheese then make it taste amazing.Their chocolate milkshake is my favorite and always get a box of cookies to go.One the best places to go for a casual dinner out.For those who don't like to read long yelp reviews, here's the summary: good food, snooty service. I came here with a couple of friends on a Wednesday evening for a girls night out. The plan was to share a bottle of wine and split some appetizers and dessert. When we told the hostess that we were mainly interested in dessert, she said we could sit in the "lounge" or at the bar, even though there were plenty of open tables. If it were super crowded, I'd be totally OK with not taking up a regular table, but it wasn't crowded, it was more than half empty. But, we weren't in the mood to put up a fight so we agreed to sit in the lounge. Turns out the lounge is an open area up front with those ridiculously low benches and tiny round tables that trendy restaurants like to have. Plus, it was cold and the music was way too loud. Not "I'm an old lady turn down the music" too loud, but honest to goodness we have to shout to hear one another too loud. It's a Wednesday at 6 for goodness sakes, turn the music down. Anyhow, the lounge was totally uncomfortable and it would have been impossible to actually eat food there (tiny tables can barely hold 3 wine glasses, never mind 3 desserts and some appetizers), so we asked to be switched to a real table. We were told that they'd "have to see what's available." Let me remind you, it was a Wednesday night at 6 - half of the tables in the place were empty. We could clearly see 10 open tables, any one of which would have been fine. After a little bit of fussing on their part, we were told that a table was available (duh), and they moved us. Everything was great from then on. Food was great, wine was good, service was polite, and dessert was out of this world. My only minor complaint was that the milkshake was nothing special - I'd skip it next time. So, this place gets 4 stars because we ultimately had a great time there. I really see no reason for them to be  snooty about letting people have tables, but if you can get past that, this place is worth the trip.I went to Hot Chocolate Friday night with two other people. We arrived at around 7:30 and were seated immediately. We were greeted right away and gave our orders, so no problems there. Our orders were duck, tuna melt, and burger (medium).About 45 minutes later, no food. Not cool. We were all starting to feel a little woozy, so we flagged our server, who told us our food was in the window. He must have thought he saw it, because this was clearly not true. It took at least another 15-20 for our food to arrive. I tasted my friend's duck, and it was delish. The tuna melt was also reportedly delicious.My burger, however, not so much. It was overcooked and underwhelming. To be honest, nothing separated it from a burger I'd grill at home besides the house-made pickles (which were pretty darn good, I admit). I'd heard so many great things about it but ended up very disappointed. We were kinda bummed out about the state of dinner, but figured some hot chocolate would salvage our feelings. This was a correct assumption. Our server gave us our (amaaaazing) hot chocolates to go, with not one, but two (!!!) orders of complimentary brioche donuts: one to eat while we waited for the check, and another to go.Dude pretty much totally saved the night. The donuts were freakin' great, AND his great service ensured that I will be returning to Hot Chocolate (I just won't be getting the burger). I think his name was Doug. Great job, Doug!I came here for a friends birthday a couple weeks ago, I'd never heard about the place but if it's called Hot Chocolate then it's got my attention.  Growing up in Utah (aka Mormonville) I've become accustomed to loathing coffee and delighting in the milky goodness of liquid chocolate warming my soul from the esophagus out.  I'm a pretty big connoisseur or the drink and I had high expectations of this place.I wasn't disappointed.The stuff is so thick it sticks to the little spoon they give you to stir it with.  What really caused my mouth to experience the big "O" was the home made marshmallow working in concert with the choco to cause a state of complete oral bliss.I could also go on for days about the breakfast I had, but I'll spare you the sexy details and just tell you I literally savored every morsel.This trendy bucktown spot is perfect for date night.  The Hot Chocolate is the only stellar thing on the menu, come here for that only and you will not walk away dissappointed.However, if you come for any other reason whatosever then prepare for a bit of a letdown(NO I DO NOT KNOW HOW THEY GOT A MICHELLIN STAR).  Mindy's is solid in all areas, but they do not excel in any of them.  Its a restaurant trying to be all things to all comers and make money in any way possible, whoring themselves out to all the latest trends in a farcical manner.The Mac and Cheese is and has been my favorite food item on their menu.  It stops there.  The Burger on the menu is bland and flavorless.  They do not attempt fries and that is a good thing because they are too variagated to do anything other than the Hot Chocolate very well.  Fresh baked pretzels were A-Ok but the dipping sauces on the side were just plain awful, I liked the pretz paired with the cheese in the mac and cheese as opposed to the thimble full of cheese dip that came with them for a scant 7$ extra.Moving on, we had to send the tuna sandwich back, further cementing my belief that you can not get good fish in Chicago unless you go to a place that is solely fish first, with everything else being an afterthought.  Shrimp and grits had no flavor at all.  Seriously restaurant folks if you are not close to an ocean make an effort to get fresh fish, dont serve me frozen carp (switch the r and a if you like ;)!Desserts are going downhill as Mindy was nowhere to be found, she is the restaurant's saving grace and if she is actually there then prepare to have your socks knocked off by her wonderful creations, subtle flavors, and amazing concepts.  If she is not back there making your sugary confection then you should run.Ambience 19/20   Really nice lighting and vibe make for a great date.$$$   5/20  Mindy ur not fooling anybody, the dinner food SUXSUXSUXSweets = 14/15 Savories 1/5Pleasure of the experinece 13/20overall would i come back factor armed with knowledge of the dinner being awful 3x in a row   = 19/20TOTAL - 82/100If Mindy can put in the effort she did when this place started and impressed me lo those many years ago (or so it seems because the have lost their way a bit)  then i'm there in a heartbeat... Untill then i'll be ordering Hot Chocolate and dessert.  If you were to go here with a group that wants dinner food, just lie and say you had a big lunch, and pass on the entrees.  Just seek it out as what it was meant to be, a GREAT DESSERT Place with great atmosphere and you will be very happy going there!I absolutely LOVE this place. Especially the pancakes even though I did not order it (my friend did and he reluctantly shared some with me). Best place for brunch in my opinion and what I love best about it is the consistency of the food. The con? Very hard to get a table, but we have been lucky so far that we have been able to eat there without any reservations.The hot chocolate here is marvelous as is the HOMEMADE whipped creame.  It was an Experience in my mouth! My girlfriend and I also tried a cheese tasting which was fantastic and the Chocolate #1.The server was very knowledgeable and friendly. My only "cons" are the confusing hours and close tables... seriously the tables are VERY close together.  You can pretend that you are in Europe which is fun at first but I just can't help it... I'm an American who likes a bit of space!This is one of my favorite places ever.The first time I went here (almost 3 years ago) was on Valentine's Day. Because our table wasn't ready when we got there for our reservation (largely b/c we were late....thank you, traffic), they right away gave us some compplimentary Prosecco to sip on. When we sat down, we each ordered a salad and some cheeses, followed by dessert and of course, hot chocolate. Everything was prepared perfectly and tasted incredible. I'm easy to please, but even my foodie fiance agreed with me.We took some friends back there a year or so later and again, everything was wonderful, including our server. The four of us ordered the gamit of the menu and were all more than pleased with our meals. And for some reason, the hot chocolate just got better, as if that was even possible.The only complaint I have (which isn't a complaint, really) is that some of the tables are very close, so privacy in some spots is lacking. However, I can get over that consdiering the outstanding quality of the food, the changing menu, the ambiance, and everything else about this place.If you're a dessert-lover, this place is for you.  We stopped in just for dessert.  I had the Chocolate #1, my husband had the Banana Cream Pie, and my daughter wanted a cup of medium hot chocolate (touch of dark and caramel).Our server Sonny was super nice.  After we ordered my daughter's hot chocolate, he said "what til you taste the marshmallows".  I had said my daughter loves marshmallows so he gave her an extra one.  The marshmallows were so pillowy-light.  The hot chocolate was so heavenly rich - but because it was so rich, you won't be able to finish the whole cup.The Banana Cream Pie was delicious but the Chocolate #1 was amazing.  The souffle tart shell was a bit thicker than I would have liked but the salted caramel ice cream was so creamy and flavorful.  An absolute delight.When we were about to leave, Sonny offered to give my daughter a couple of cookies for free.  He let her pick 2 flavors, which she chose the Leopard (black & white) and Brownie cookies.  He even gave her 2 of each - both so yummy.I hope all their servers are like Sonny.I would like to go back and have a meal...and of course more dessert!I came here recently for a friend's birthday dinner and had a mixed experience. I ordered the cheddar melt sandwich for my main dish and it was actually quite tasty. I sampled a bite of my boyfriend's mac and cheese and thought it was good as well. A couple of other people in our group also had mac and cheese, but I think they felt it was sort of mediocre. Another person ordered the tuna melt, which he said was great.We were really looking forward to ordering dessert since that's what this place is known for. I ordered the pumpkin cheesecake, my boyfriend got the creme brulee, two other people got the apple pie, and the last person had the chocolate souflee. I did not try all the dishes, but I can safely say that mine was just plain bad. My boyfriend's was even worse. I'm not just saying this because we had high dessert expectations going in; these two desserts were pretty awful no matter what kind of expectations we had. The pumpkin cheesecake was weirdly bland and the creme brulee had a strange texture and consistency and tasted bitter. I honestly think I could have concocted better desserts at home, and I'm no master chef.On the plus side, I also ordered the dark hot chocolate, which was superb--in fact, that was probably the best part of the meal.I would come back here for dinner because I liked my main dish and the hot chocolate, but I would probably never order dessert here again. It's bizarre to me that this place has received so many accolades for dessert given what we experienced.I came for brunch, which was pretty good.  I'll have to go back for dessert some time!I'm a huge fan of hot chocolate, so I knew I simply HAD to try the hot chocolate here.  I loved the hot chocolate at the Peninsula chocolate bar, and I figured this would be comparable.  It was not as good, but possibly less rich, though still very rich.  It's served with a giant marshmellow, but they don't have whipped cream!  WHAT THE...!??!?!  I know the hot chocolate is rich, but all they had was a ricotta-infused whipped cream that goes on the french toast.  That obviously wouldn't work in the hot chocolate, which was very surprising to me.The rest of the brunch was great.  My table shared a farmers scrambler, fresh fruit, and something else that apparently wasn't that memorable because I don't remember what it was.  Oh, it was the doughnuts!  Everyone else said they were good, but I am not into breakfast pastries.  But everyone else couldn't get enough!I found this place on a Thrillist Chicago list of best donuts in Chicago, sadly I did not try the donuts (d'oh!). I did, however, have a bacon, onion and apple soup as appetizer that made me make little "happy noises" while I was eating it. It was a cream base, but so light I wouldn't know it if eating blindfolded.For my entree, I decided on the Duck Breast (I'm a sucker for duck) and it was pretty darn good. I like my duck a little more crisp, but otherwise good treatment on a tough bird to cook. The sides were great, fried leeks, field greens, black beans, and a brussel sprout leaf salad.For dessert, I didn't know what to try, so I asked the bartender and she suggested the Chocolate and pears. If you are in the mood for a chocolate terrine, go for it, otherwise next time I'm trying the damn donuts! I also had a chai Hot Chocolate (surprise). It is 1/2 chai, 1/4 dark, and 1/4 Mexican hot chocolate. That last 1/4 made it unexpectedly spicy, but again, not bad. Bonus points for the huge marshmallow on the side.Do yourself a favor and make reservations! I set up a table for 1 and couldn't get in until 8:15 on a Sunday night! When I arrived, the place was packed, when I left, people were still coming in.I've been to Hot Chocolate three times and all three times ordered the hamburger with a sunny side up egg. I'm sure there are other great items on the menu, but how can I not order what I consider to be one of the three best burgers I've ever had? Sure, it's incredibly salty and messy, but it's worth it -- and the excellent chips are a nice bonus. As for the atmosphere and layout, it's exactly what I want out of a restaurant: Not too big, not too small, hip crowd, cool decor, great location. I went to Hot Chocolate for my birthday and consider it for just about every other special occasion. Obviously I like the place, and I've only had the burger. Now just imagine if I tried the desserts everyone has been raving about.Food: 3Decor: 4Service: 2Came here with my gf for dinner around 6pm Sunday.1. STEAMED MUSSELS Old Milwaukee & Kilgus cream broth, red onion, jalapeno & grilled sourdough baguette 12 yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…~Delicious. Broth was excellent, although the mussels were on the smaller side, and I wish there was more bread. We requested more afterwards, but it took a while, and were only given two small pieces.2. PLAPP FARM GRITS shrimp, lardons, grilled spring onions 14 yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…~Delicious, probably our favorite dish of the night.3. MAC & CHEESE  never changes, always a treat  10 uNxCxKC-~Okay. Good mac & cheese, but it's still just mac & cheese. Definitely needs to be shared between 2 or more people.4. HOT CHOCOLATE black & tan 6 yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…~Okay. 2/3 dark hot chocolate on top of 1/3 hot fudge. Hot chocolate got cold too fast, and I didn't really care for the hot fudge.CHERRY STUDY, 205. Cocktail yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…Buffalo Trace Bourbonbrandied cherry cordialAngostora & soda~Pretty good. Nice balance of bourbon and soda.6. Sundae yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…Vanilla beanice creamsour cherry sorbetHedelfingencherries jubilee~Pretty good.7. Custard yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…brown buttercherry clafoutis~Pretty good. Very similar to the bread pudding at M. Henry, although I think M. Henry's is slightly better.8. Cake yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T… and yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…Black Forest cakewhite chocolatecreamPort wine cherries~Mediocre. Cake wasn't that special, and the sticky cherry toffee on top was a horrible idea. Got stuck in my teeth and ruined the dish.9. Cookie yelp.com/biz_photos/JR5T…tart dried cherry &pistachiobiscotti~Okay. Was presented with the sundae, so we thought we were missing one component of the study since there were only 4 total.The grits and mussels were excellent. but everything else about our dinner fell short. Several dishes were burnt, including the bread for our mussels, the grits, and mac & cheese.Service was mediocre and could have been friendlier. First time I've been carded at a restaurant, our extra bread for the mussel broth took forever, server wasn't sure if we could use our restaurant.com voucher, and our study wasn't explained when it was brought out.5 stars if you are coming for the Hot Chocolate and Dessert3 stars if you are coming for dinner. I really do love this restaurant. It was one of the first restaurants that I tried when I moved to Chicago about 6 years ago. I have also chosen this restaurant for out of town guests. I am also literally addicted to chocolate, so the super rich hot chocolate is perfect in my opinion. The delicious homemade marshmallow is also a nice touch!  I just really wish they could get dinner right! I feel like it is so hit and miss, especially considering the price of the entrees at this restaurant. There is just always something a little off. For example, the last time I ate here I had the Steak. I believe it cost $30. I was not expecting a large steak for that price, so the thin cuts of steak brought to me were fine. I asked for it cooked medium which it looks like they successfully accomplished. When I went to eat the steak, parts of it were so chewy, or riddled with fat that I couldn't finish it. Some sort of yogurt sauce was on the side, but I didn't feel that the flavors really complimented the steak. Super disappointing! I found myself just trying to get through it so that I could order dessert.My boyfriend had the fried chicken. It looked beautiful, but was very dry. Initially I was jealous I did not order it, but after tasting it, and chewing it for a while... I was wishing we had both ordered something different. I honestly cannot recall a memorable dinner entree from the many times I have eaten here. On the other hand the appetizers have been very good, I love ordering the mussels. I also really enjoy the soup here. I once had a Turnip soup that was DELICIOUS. Honestly, I find myself much happier (both with the food and the price) when I stick with soup and their Aged Cheddar grilled cheese on Pumpernickel. The sandwich is the perfect size with soup, and I still have room for dessert!Now I really do enjoy the dessert here. I have had the infamous chocolate tart with salted caramel ice cream. I also enjoy trying her seasonal desserts. Every dessert I have ever had I really did enjoy very much!! I also like how when I order coffee they bring me my own french press with a stainless steel pot of fresh cream. Very nice touch!!!It is obvious to me that this restaurant really tries to integrate local and seasonal produce, meats and dairy into their menu. I appreciate that. But they really need get better at offering up consistent, flavorful entrees. For the price, I feel like I could get a better executed meal elsewhere. BUT, if you are looking for FANTASTIC dessert and drinks in a great atmosphere I would recommend giving this place a try!Best hot chocolate ever! Definitely will go back to try different items on the menu :)Get on the band wagon - Hot Chocolate is the new place to be in Chicago.  From the great deserts to real hot chocolate - this place is the new best place for late nights.  Best of all they have a small bakery so you can take some home - brownies travel well. Insiders note: try the donuts!  Insiders note II: make sure you ask for a glass of water with your hot chocolate --- it's the real thing!I appreciate what they are trying to do here, but they don't do it very well. Hot Chocolate is kind of like that scene in Pulp Fiction where Vincent Vega and Mia go out to dinner... "That's a pretty fucking good milkshake. I don't know if it's worth five dollars but it's pretty fucking good." Except for the fact that the food isn't "pretty fucking good", it's just okay and pricey. You'll find yourself saying, "That's a pretty mediocre soup. I don't know if it's worth six bucks for a shot glass of it, but hey, this is Liquor Park right? Put some booze in here! Better yet let's take this to go and I'll eat it cold when I'm coming down later." The food was mediocre at best and the service was a wee bit shitty. The signature drink, hot chocolate, is good... but isn't that kind kinda like pizza and sex? Even when it's bad it's good?For me and my wife, Hot Chocolate is easily our favorite restaurant!We first came here a few years ago for my wife's birthday and, frankly, we were blown away by the good service and amazing food. We both kind of chuckled when we found we were both interested in getting the burger. But let me tell you that Hot Chocolate's burger is the best burger I've ever had, ever. Anywhere. It's buttery, rich, and juicy, complemented well by bacon, cheese, homemade pickels, and a fresh bun. Amazing and worth every penny. Just thinking of it makes me salivate.The appetizers are also great. On our last visit we shared hot pretzels with mustard butter (!) that was just perfect.As you would expect, the desserts are beyond compare. Decadent and amazing. Chocolate #1 has a great balance of salty and sweet. And there was a fantastic seasonal dessert devoted to malted milk balls - creative and tasty.Oddly, we haven't actually had the hot chocolate here yet! But that's fine. There's enough amazing food and dessert to make up for it. Absolutely a don't miss. A can't miss.So, uh, I'm not a sweets person. However, Hot Chocolate has me changing my tune.So it was my friends (belated) birthday and we went to Hot Chocolate. Cozy interior, not too loud. It was nice. We ordered the Parmesan Monkey Bread, each of us ordered a Mac and Cheese and for dessert we ordered the Chocolate Cake 2 Ways and the Beignets with Chocolate Sauce/Carmel Popcorn. We were real hungry. The Parm monkey bread was good. It was shaped like a giant muffin, with butter/clove of garlic for dippin and shaved ham on the side. It was hot, buttery and very satisfying. The mac and cheese was pretty good too. They came in these tiny soup bowls (baked in the bowl, it seemed like). The flavors were good, the sauce was a little runny but it all tasted good, so I didn't mind. NOW, DUN DUN DUN, THE MAIN EVENTThe desserts!I ordered the Beignets (hot out of the fryer, coated with sugar) and they came with a side of warm chocolate sauce and some caramel coated popcorn. My friend ordered the Chocolate Cake 2 Ways, which was a chocolate cake that had maybe 8 layers (omg), and there were different fillings in each layer, it seemed. The other chocolate on the plate was chocolate icecream with a chocolate cracker in it. We were both in heaven. Both desserts were really outstanding (I prefered the Beignets, but that's just me). In terms of food, I thought it was a little pricey for what you got. However, I would come back for dessert, for sure. MMMMMI came here with my girlfriend for desert and I think that we were both pretty happy. They had alot of unique choices so we just ordered a bunch of things and figured wed eat what we could. We got there before they opened though and the hostess was very polite and said that they werent open, but we could take a seat and wait till they did. We went and walked around for a while then came back still a bit early but were seated. The waiter soon came and he was super friendly and very helpful with our selections. We eventually ordered the strawberry/rhubarb plate, which was like a cheescake type thing in a strawberry/rhubarb sauce, which was nice with the other things we ordered because it wasnt too sweet. We ordered the banana plate, which was like 4 different small portions which were all good. We also got the medium hot chocolate which was really really sweet, but also very good and thick. Finally I got two sorbets, the passion fruit and pineapple, my girlfriend thought one of them (not sure which) was too sweet, but I liked them both.The bill was a little bit pricey, but not more then I expected. Not somewhere I see myself going every week, but definetly a place I see myself going again in the future.Oh my goodness, where to begin? Let's start with one word: YUM!I came here with some pals to celebrate the season. We were seated immediately, much to my surprise. (I'd heard about the crowds.) Service was friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was warm and comfortable. Contrary to what you'd think, the small space and packed room did not lead to a claustrophobic experience. The evening was off to a great start.We began with the pate, a lovely veg soup, and a pork belly salad (yes, we were nervous about that item). We also ordered a lovely wine recommended by the waiter. All items were devoured with much gusto, though there was quite a bit of pork belly left over. (I love trying new things. But this was just a little too fatty for me.)We also ordered the macaroni and cheese. Now I am not by any means a mac and cheese connoisseur. Give me my fake powdered box mac and cheese and I'm happy as a clam. I typically do not like the "real stuff." I was quite certain I'd take one bite of this and go "meh, just okay." No..wrong...it was quite delicious and has made me rethink my long-standing love of the Kraft variety.Moving along to the entrees...one friend ordered the Artic Char and I (honestly, regrettably) have no memory of what I ordered or what my other friend ordered. It wasn't bad, mind you, just rather forgettable I guess. I even looked at the menu online to jog my memory and nothing jumped out at me. Hmm.Anyway, we were pretty darn full when it came time to order the famous dessert. We decided that the hot chocolate--well known for being thick and filling--would be completely out of the question. We ordered the warm brioche doughnuts. My "meh, just okay" moment had arrived. They were just that--just okay. My friends agreed.But--don't let me give you the wrong impression--the meal was primarily enjoyable and the service was quite good. This was a really fun place for a get together with friends. I'd be happy to come here again.Went to Hot Chocolate for my first time on a Wednesday night at 8. It also happened to be my birthday. We had a reservation so we didn't have to wait but I think we probably would have if we hadn't called a few days in advance.Our waiter was awesome! Super attentive. I'm not sure if he was a manager or what, but he had a lot of knowledge of the menu, ingredients, and what to recommend. We started with the porkbelly salad. Awesome! It's like melting fat with great flavor and some minimal greenery. Normally I don't like blue chesse, but the blue cheese in the salad was delicious!For my meal I had the short ribs with bean cassoulet. The mean was excellent! Very tender, very tasty. The beans were a bit al dente for my taste but the sauce on them was good. I wanted to order a hot chocolate and a dessert but I had the medium hot chocolate with hot fudge at the bottom and I hit a brick wall. It was soo good. Very rich, very creamy with a homemade marshmallow that melted in the drink. I would definitely come back! The vibe and decor were excellent. Very cozy and warm feeling yet sexy. 5 stars!I want to like this place more but something about it falls flat.  I've been here twice now, and in general it has a lot of flair, everything from the ambience to the actual food arrangement.  If presentation was everything this place would rock, however taste matters more.This last visit I split an order of the mussels for my appetizer and went with the Duck for my entrée.  The mussels were not very good at all, it was like eating tasteless, slimy snots.  The Duck was pretty good but it just didn't go well with what it was paired with, seemed a bit sour.The desert here, although usually small and pricey, is generally good. Like the rest of the food it's all about presentation, but fortunately the taste usually matches the appearance.  I ordered the Sweet Potato Pie (my favorite pies are Pumpkin, Sweet Potato and Key Lime) which was matched with caramel drizzle, a solid chip of caramel, cookies and whipped cream.  Though it was very tasty, it was too damn small! I'd prefer a nice big slice of Sweet Potato pie not a two-bite, nano sized pie!  The other dessert that I'm familiar with here is the doughuts plate.  I'm really not a doughnuts person so this plate does nothing for me, but most people like it.  I'm told the hot chocolate here is good but a little too rich for some people.I suggest you come here for the desserts and maybe the sandwiches/ hamburgers, I've just not had much luck with their entrées.I had fond initial memories of this place from 2 years ago, after a return visit... I fear it was misplaced nostalgia of my first visit to Chicago. Wanting to indulge in a variety of desserts, I opted for the kale and romaine caesar salad, which was heavy on the kale and light on the romaine. Also, it turns out I really hate kale.Anyway, after that fun discovery, I decided to erase the awful thoughts with desserts.  I went with the chocolate soufflé, which came to me served in a a little cast iron pan topped with salted caramel ice cream... very good, probably best dessert of the night. The key lime pie was nothing special, didn't even taste the lime in it... mostly crust. Disappointing.Bread pudding was meh. Service was good and fairly attentive, however I think the table was fairly unimpressed based on the fact that no one finished their food.It was my husband's 30th Birthday - and I'm pregnant... so I was faced with the question - what to do after dinner that is alcohol free? This is a great evening spot where liquor isn't required, but available. I made reservations for dessert only ($15 min pp) easy to do. We had an early dinner, and made this our next stop. We came in with really wide eyes thinking we could share - 2 desserts... for us it didn't happen. We ordered the doughnuts with fudge sauce & caramel corn - and it was more then plenty for the 2 of us. I also ordered the milkshake and the hubby a drink from the bar. Everything was fantastic. It's def. a hot spot - the place was loaded with ppl. the entire time we were there.  It was even hard to get to our table ... that's how busy it was.  We were seated right away which I appreciated.  I stopped in the bathroom before I left and it wasn't in the best shape - but could have been a lot worse.  *My only complaint is- I was hoping they would do something special for my husband's 30th birthday (which I noted on open table), and they didn't. However the table next to us, had a happy anniversary dessert written in chocolate on the plate. I know it didn't matter - but that attention to detail would have been nice.It wasn't just me; it was everyone in my party.  And it wasn't a case of unreasonably high expectations; the food was just bad.I tried the pretzel appetizer, the burger, the mac 'n cheese, a hot chocolate, and several desserts.  All of it... ALL of it... tasted like the kitchen got T-boned by a salt truck.  If I'd eaten there alone I'd have thought something was wrong with my taste buds.Everything ordered went unfinished and nothing was taken to go.  The mac 'n cheese was heavy, but not in that supposed-to-be-heavy-because-it's-comfort-food way.  It felt like drinking cheese and heavy cream.  But the worst atrocity for a carnivore like myself was the saltburger I simply could not eat.Our waiter wasn't around to get me the water I needed.  It was crowded and loud and even the décor was beginning to grate on me, but my rating is solely on the food.I'd normally give a place rated this highly a second chance but the food was absolutely unpalatable and I shan't be returning.Four Stars for dessert onlyI would give two stars for foodI had  the tuna steak sandwich, it was tuna steak mixed with mayo & capers. Bland & tuna was very fishy worse than canned. But the Sweet potato chips served on the side were good. The portion size was nice but that did not make up for the bagged bun they used on the sandwich.Onto DessertI had the seasonal special Carrot cake sandwich with warm strawberry sauce. It was so fantastic! I didn't think the flavors would mesh well but I'm drooling at the thought of it now:) The only downside was the size, kinda small esp for $12. Don't even plan on sharing dessert here.Two reviews in one here, recording two separate experiences:Sunday brunch - Fantastic upscale brunch place. Wait is horrendous, enough to make you lose your patience and leave, but if you stick it out (which we only managed to do on our second visit here), the food is so worth it. The bread basket was excellent - really great combination of unusual, freshly made breads. And they have the best hot chocolate in the city (well, with a name like that, you'd hope so). They have three options, and we tried them all - each seemed better than the previous one! You can't really make a bad choice here, and the walls, also painted in different shades of chocolate, make a nice complement to the frothy mug of goodness.Friday dessert - This restaurant takes its soothing chocolate colors and transforms into a beautifully dark late night space, almost lounge-like. The music is also pretty eclectic, and the vibe was perfect for some desserts and sipping. And what desserts they were! We arrived an hour before they closed, and our server was very accomodating. He recommended a couple desserts, but said we could ask for something else if we didn't like it much since the kitchen was wrapping up. We didn't need to, both the milkyway and apple creations were amazing. Beautiful interplay of flavors and textures. Highly recommend choosing from the seasonal desserts menu for things you haven't seen before and probably won't see again.To paraphrase Vincent from Pulp Fiction: "That's a pretty f*ing good milk shake." Though, I don't know if it's worth not 5 but 10 dollars.... it's a darn good shake. Yes. Go ahead and make fun of me for paying 9 bones for a milk shake you can finish in one gulp. Yes, one manly gulp. I guess at Hot Chocolate, the shakes are sipping shakes. It's good. And yes, I always order vanilla. Simple yet exquisite vanilla. The wife always gets a hot chocolate and end up having more then a healthy sip of my shake. And believe me they have a bunch of hot chocolates to choose from.... 10% dark, 30% dark..... yadda yadda..... The wife and I have had dinner at Hot Chocolate 3 times, and twice for sugar fixes and it has never disappointed. The high points.... the sweets... you can do no wrong ordering. The surprise.... the food. You wouldn't expect a place known for desserts to have good food but the food sets it up for the main attraction: dessert.So cozy and cute and would make for a romantic date (ahem). Hot Chocolate has some of my favorite things 1. chocolate 2. Creme brulee 3. Good beer4. CheeseI only had dessert ( creme brulee) and a cheese plate but I thoroughly enjoyed every part of my experience.. we even got sent some champagne :) love it! I will be back for a full meal without a doubt:)Would give 4.5 stars.Great contemporary atmosphere!  Had the mussels & beet salad to start --- both delicious.  The sauce for the mussels was truly something unique and made to perfection.  Hamburger and flank steaks for entrees --- both perfect.  Mexican hot chocolate and doughnuts for desert.  Yum.  Great prices for the quality.Hot Chocolate is swanky, cool, hip, and seems overpriced. The dessert is five stars, hands down. The rest of it, from the dimly lit interior to the talkative and cool waitress, to (of course) the food is a solid four stars. Admittedly, I haven't done any of the entree dinners here, I've only had the Lamb and Krema Kasa sandwich which tastes great, but could use about a ton less grease. My hands were absolutely glistening after consuming this monster of a sandwich.The star is clearly the dessert. The actual hot chocolate is excellent, one of the best I've ever had. Expectedly so. The One Banana, Two Banana is perhaps the greatest desert I've ever had. It's not too sweet, and not too banana-y (if that makes any sense). It's almost like having two separate banana desserts, yet combined, they form an even better dessert. It's kinda like Captain Planet. Separately, the rings have their own cool powers, but when combined...okay, getting off track here.The rest of the menu seems pricey to me for the type of food they serve, but I'm sure I'll come back and try it out since they haven't disappointed me yet.Delicious!! One of the best meals I've had. Mac n cheese was to die for. Perfectly cheesy. Had the lamb and creama kasa. Incredible! Loved that it comes with beets and grainy mustard on the side. Was a rich sandwich so could only eat half. But each bite was heaven. The doughnuts. Oh. My. God. The doughnuts. They were phenomenal. Make sure to save room!Service was a little slow, but the waiter was really nice and friendly and we weren't in a hurry so it was no problem. Appreciate that they use opentable. Wish that they had cheaper soda with refills instead of the fancy glass bottles...but all in all can't wait to go back!Must havesA.) the mac and cheeseB.) hot chocolate DuhhhhhC.) a dessertI also tried the brussel sprouts and they were to die forUpdate: had another fantastic experience here. Had the scallop and spaghetti squash appetizer  which was completely amazing. The combination of the scallops, pickled jalapenos, baby cilantro and just a hint of coriander was perfection. We had the muscles again and they were also amazing. But this time, I experienced total euphoria when we had the sugared doughnuts with the hot fudge sauce. Love this place.We went again right at 5:30 when they open. You can get a table right away. Also, I learned that you can just come here for dessert as well.As the 1 billionth review for Hot Chocolate on Yelp, I will have to agree that this place is a-MAZING!We went here for lunch, and actually I highly suggest trying Hot Chocolate for lunch...the prices are much lower but the food/service/atmosphere is just as great as dinner.  On the Friday afternoon we were there, Mindy Segal was walking around to all the tables asking how their meals were.....how cool!  That lady is busier than God, yet she takes time out to chat with her patrons.  Such a classy chef.The desserts here are out-of-this-world.  Every chocolate thing you eat after you eat chocolate at this restaurant will pail in comparison.  Try the actual hot chocolate...there are about 10 varieties.  I had the "shot of chocolate" and it was fantastic!OMG! so good!  Though the wait was long (45 mins), once I had a bite (and sip) I knew why!  I ordered the Mexican hot chocolate (dark chocolate hot chocolate with cinnamon).  The cinnamon gave it a great kick and thawed out my "florida native yet now deep frozen in chicago" bones!  And to add to the hot chocolate experience, a homemade marshmallow that melted as you mixed it in.  I had to ask for a couple more to eat on the side.  So yummy!!The desserts were equally as mouth watering!  We ordered the "Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup."  I'm not much of a peanut butter for dessert fan, but this was quite tasty.  It melted in my mouth as desserts should.  We also ordered the "Warm Brioche Doughnuts."  They were great, but I was thrilled with the fact that it came with caramelized popcorn (i'm a bit of a popcorn eating freak) and a chocolate dipping sauce. Everything was fantastic!  We stuffed every last morsel into our stomachs!  However, a word of caution if you plan on eating here - prepare to indulge your sweet tooth to the point of not being able to move after you finish!  The idea of moderation has been left at the front door!MINDY....girl...you done did it right!"Slap yo mama" good. We came for dessert and had to sit in the lounge area. The tables are reserved for dinner patrons only.  No problem.Drinks:::Hot chocolate $6-- Dark.        A drink made by the gods!!! Rich, smooth, cocoa!!! NOt too sweet, not bitter, delightfully tantalizing!! Pure perfection.  A MUST. Homemade marshmallow. WOW. Just WOW. Fluffy in my mouth and I dont ever eat marshamallows by itself! I liked. Affogato $8--  Blissully delectable. Thick hot chocolate just coats your mouth with goodness. Only complaint is the spoonful of coffee ice cream left me craving for just one more taste...before it melted in its own concoction. *tear*Eggnog $6-- Bf said it was "super super sweet", so sweet he couldnt even drink half. Like he was drink syrup. Desserts::HoneyCrisp Apple Strudel $12-- Dont let  the simplistic name deter you from this scrumtious dessert. Its no ordinary strudel, its shell is M-azing. Deamsicle Baked Alaska $12-- Never had a Baked Alaska and this was a great place to have it for the first  time. The presentation is stunning. The meringue was baked and shaped like a baby volcano, so pretty to break into and the blood orange sauce mimicked lava. Puffy meringue, so cute. . Liked all around. Packed house moments after opening time (5:30p).PLEASE NOTE: This is Brunch Review******What I love about Hot Chocolate, is that for brunch it's a hidden secret! You don't have to wait 2 hours like Bongo Room! Or anywhere else for that matter. And their menu is beautiful...It's a work of art!  The donughts are amazing!! I'm not talking about Krispy Kreme donughts! I'm talking about the homemade ones, rolled in cinnamon and sugar and Then served with the quite possibly the best preserves I have ever tasted.I love that their menu is unusual and yet offers a wide variety!! Their food is so fresh! And their beverages are great too. The eggs are great! I had the omelette and it was wonderful, especially after the donughts for the whole salty sweet thing.If you have a coffee, you are given an individual french press, which automatically makes coffee taste so much better.   And their hot chocolate is wonderful!! (obviously)A charming, chocolately decor, super drinks, and food that tastes really really really great.  And everything was beautiful to look at, too.  We were happy that the prices were very reasonable for such exceptional quality food so well-prepared and presented.  The lemony yummy baked alaska-type dessert was divine perfectly sized.  The chef is a gracious hostess...this is a repeat and repeat place.I went here for brunch last week. I loved the interior of the building (an old building, I assume),it  had a great look to it. We waited quite a while for a table but that's because it's not very big.There were probably 6 strollers parked by the front door so lots of children inside, but it was Sunday too.ANYWAYS, the food was very good! I had the fresh vegetable omelet and it had pieces of sweet corn inside, which I really liked and have never seen before.Everyone else enjoyed their food too. We had a wonderful mimosa with fresh squeezed orange juice (only way to drink a mimosa).It wasn't cheap, but nothing insane either.I did notice the most delicious looking glass of what appeared to be iced hot chocolate (hence the name) with huge home made square marsh mellows on top....next time I will order one of these for sure since it made my mouth water!!!!I went here for dessert on Sat and had the best hot chocolate on the planet.  We got the Black & Tan Hot Chocolate which is 1/3 hot fudge and 2/3 hot chocolate.  If you like chocolate then you'll have to try it!The place is not in a tourisy area so be sure to drive there.I can't imagine a better dining experience.  The food is absolutely delicious, the wait staff are so knowledgeable and gracious, the ambiance is beautiful, and I leave every time feeling heavenly.  I am totally in love with the "Mexican" hot chocolate.  The first time I drank it, I felt like I was cheating on my boyfriend.  Mmm... so freaking good.  I cannot wait to go back.  :)Great food, great service, great atmosphere...Pretzel served w/melted cheese and mustard - cheese was amazing (I tried to lick the bowl, but I couldn't fit my face in the little bowl)...the pretzel was good, but not has good as I would have anticipated for a place known for its deserts...the mustard was good, but I was hoping for spicy German mustard, this was more creamy desertish mustard.Short rib served with lentils and horseradish - very good, but a bit oversalted (kind of overpowered the flavor, which would have been good enough without so much salt)Scallops - amazing, but not satisfying enough to meet the needs of an entree compared to the other entree we got that was very fillingcarmelized brussels sprouts - so good, not your grandpa's sproutsmac n cheese - meh, nothing specialbrioche doughnuts served w/hot fudge and caramel popcorn - amazingI would like to go back just for desert to try the milkshakes and hot chocolateThis place leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth - and I'm not talking about the food.I wanted to give this place another shot before writing a review, and I had the same exact experience. The food really wasn't spectacular in my opinion. The first time I went, I had the halibut which I found too salty. My friend felt the same way on the second visit. I had the lamb sandwich on my second visit. It was good, but nothing incredible. The desserts were very good - mad props for uniqueness.  Salted caramel ice cream with a molten chocolate cake and butterscotch banana thing were awesome. But, I've been really turned off twice now by the hostesses. The waiter was super nice and all, but when the hostess makes you feel like a second class citizen and that your table is reserved for later, but then the service is slow, you just feel all yucky inside. Which, doesn't make for a nice dinner out.Came here because The Bristol had a 2-hour wait, so my review is slanted (positively or negatively, I'm not sure) because I had a different meal conceptually in my head already.Food was pretty good and so was the service.  Drinks were impressive.  Some non-dark chocolate options would have been nice but as expected the desserts were still great.  Homemade marshmellows... worth a trip for hot chocolate (the drink) on its own.Food wise, I was happy we stopped, but sorry this review won't be too specific because it was a long time ago.  Scallops were really good and so was this duck in a pot (?) or something like that.  Both of those dishes were impressive.  Had a meat dish that was supposed to be cut THIN but wasn't, turned out not so great because of it.Overall, stick with the light dishes if you're having dessert anyway.  Worth at least one stop for a meal... more stops just for the hot chocolate.Oh where do I begin? Well first off, I suggest you make reservations or go earlier in the day. My friends and I showed up around 9pm and we didn't get seated until almost 10pm. And while we were waiting another huge crowd of people showed up. But let me tell you, that wait was well worth the meal we had.First off our waiter was hilarious and nice. Since we had ample time to look at the menu we ordered right away and yet, we still waited another 20 minutes. I ordered the hamburger with the egg sunnyside up with a side of the leek and potato au gratin. It was delicious. The egg yolk was gooey and fit the burger just right. It was probably the best burger I've ever had in my life. The leek and potato was also very good, but didn't seem seasoned enough. My friend ordered the mac and cheese and it was not that impressive, she even added tobasco sauce for taste.. And my other friend ordered the chicken, that took the longest to cook, she waited almost 30 minutes for it. But, it was well seasoned and had a side of the leek and potato au gratin and enjoyed every bite, and even had leftovers. The portions they gave were very copious amounts and generous which we didn't expect. And of course you don't want to forget dessert. I recommend the dark hot chocolate. It's really not that bitter at all, but it's so rich and delectable. I would recommend you drink this on an empty stomach. I was too full so I just had a couple sips, and got a to go cup for the rest. And it comes with a homemade marshmallow!And for real dessert, I suggest the Banana Bread Pudding. BEST banana bread pudding ever!!! I recommend all the way. The creme brulee was alright, it was not custard like enough, it was more melted almost, but came with a tiny raspberry rugelach. And the baked alaska was good minus the sauce they drizzle around it, I gotta say that part is the acquired taste. All and all, your meal is going to cost you a little more than you want to spend, but trust me, it's worth it!My BFFs took me here for my b-day dinner. It's a place I have wanted to try for quite sometime, but I am definitely not cool enough to head over on my own.My friends had made reservations for 7:30 Saturday night and I am so glad they did. The place was packed, the bar was fully lined, every table full. The lighting is very dark and I imagine it is packed quite often, so it is a little on the loud side.The waiter wasted no time getting our drink order, which wasn't hard because only one of us ordered a glass of house red. I'll be fine with water, thanks. You'll need it later trust me! A couple of the ladies ordered the lamb sandwich and I ordered the vegetable risotto. We got our food pretty quickly and each had a lovely presentation. While my risotto was beautiful with all these lovely garnishes and tasted delicious, the lamb sandwich was definitely more bang for the buck! it was huge and it looked like a giant, juicy, lamb pinwheel, super tasty. Regardless, of the portion you're served, don't eat it all, or you won't have room for dessert, and lets be honest, that's why you're there.Ah dessert, music to a fat birthday girl's ears! I recommend everyone getting a different hot chocolate and sharing, lucky for me that's what we did! we ordered 3 different hot chocolates and each was served in a giant mug with a giant homemade marshmallow on the saucer. Each hot chocolate delivered just what the description called for. we had the chai, a dark mixed with espresso, and a super dark one. The chai was smooth and calming, the mix was chocolaty with just a little kick, and the third was the darkest, richest, most decadent, chocolate you could ever sip. It was liquid gold as far as i am concerned.I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner experience! We was classy and sweet. The chocolate fiend in me can't wait to go back and knock the rest of those dreamy chocolates off my list!I am so excited to be able to write this review!!!My husband (who usually could care less about food) visited Mindy's Hot Chocolate twice without me. He sent me pictures of the food and had me very, very jealous. Both times, he brought home a variety of fresh baked cookies for me to try. Those cookies were enough to confirm my original thoughts: I must visit Mindy's. And soon!Last Sunday, we made the journey out from the burbs (it really was a quick car ride, but journey sounds more fun!). We were able to sit at the bar near the kitchen so we could see the action. The bar chairs were extremely comfortable. I could have sat there all day.The staff. Funny, friendly and helpful. I was amused for our entire visit and when I wasn't sure as to what I might enjoy best, I received great suggestions from the staff.  The Sunday mid-day atmosphere. Open, noisy and upbeat. Lots of friends meeting for brunch, families laughing and couples enjoying themselves (we were the last group). The noisy was a good noisy, like a buzz going throughout the restaurant. We could easily carry on a conversation between the two of us and the bartender. The food. Here's where it gets complicated. The Executive Chef changes up the menu regularly (maybe even daily from what I gathered) and I wanted to try a bite of everything.  I started with a dark hot chocolate with a homemade marshmallow. It was rich and thick and downright decadent. This was only the second homemade marshmallow that I've had in my life and I loved it!  Plus, once I had a few bites, I put it in my hot chocolate and it didn't just melt away into nothing. We shared homemade cinnamon and sugar donuts with fresh preserves. Normally the thought of mixing fruit with my donuts doesn't appeal to me. In this case, it was the perfect combo. The donuts were hot, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and balanced just right when topped with the preserves. We tried the pork belly hash. The description on the menu didn't do it justice!  It was ah-may-zing!!!  Blanched red potatoes were semi-smashed and crisped up with pork belly renderings. Served with pieces of the pork, thinly shaved carrots and onions. A fried egg should adorn this dish, but because I'm a PITA, I kindly requested it on the side. The pork belly hash is addicting!  My husband said that the fried egg was one of the best he'd ever had - well seasoned and cooked just right. We shared a side of smokey bacon - very good, but we were still loving that pork belly. The brioche toast was served with whipped butter and the homemade preserves. I'm getting hungry just writing this review!Anyhow, Mindy and her crew definitely have a handle on the baked goods. As for the savory dishes, the new Executive Chef is mixing it up just right. This is definitely the right spot for an elevated meal!  Every bite was better than the last.  I felt like I was eating a high-end meal without the high-end price tag. And I can hardly wait to go back!The Mac n cheese is pretty decent; small portion, though.  Mac n cheese was really all that was appealing because the breakfast items available was miniscule. When I asked where all the breakfast items were on the menu, the server got snippy and said they all are breakfast related except the burger, then tried to explain to me it is brunch and it's half breakfast and half lunch.  So then I asked where all the lunch items are beside the burger.Not bad, but I don't see any need to wait an hour or longer to eat here.An excellent experience; my date and I went for brunch on a Saturday at 11 and were immediately seated.I got the half and half, half hot chocolate and half espresso, it was delicious.We split the French toast and struggled to finish it. It was by far the best French toast I have ever had, it was prepared perfectly, the whipped cream with a hint of orange and the fresh raspberries hit the spot.Service was top notch, food was excellent, and splitting the French toast worked out great, we were in and out for under $25.  Five stars all around. Ill be back for sure.Gentlemen, start your engines.  If you are looking to rev your date's later on, bring her or him to Hot Chocolate.  Give them chocolate anything and they will be putty in your hands.  Let them feed you chocolate and you'll be putty in theirs too.Dinners there are great.  So are the wines and cheese.  I don't discount them one bit.  But if you're looking to seal the deal (be it scoring a second date, a first kiss, a hot tamale . . . ) bring your date to Hot Chocolate for dessert and/or hot chocolate or a drink.  Need to tell your friend that you want to date them?  Have them try the Chocolate #1 and they will see you in a new light.  Want to ask someone for a favor you know they would otherwise hate to do for you?  Order them the Thoughts On A Peanut Butter Cup and they will be moving your couch in no time while taking care of your laundry.   Try the warm brioche doughnuts - perfect for splitting with someone you love.  And you'd better love them, or really want to get in their pants because otherwise you won't want to share.  Try almost any of the seasonal desserts and you're in ecstasy.A server, Laura (not me), has been there almost since Mindy opened up Hot Chocolate, if not since then.  She is the best.  Always ask for her if you make reservations, or if there's an option if you are a walk-in.  She will guide you through everything.  She is friendly and goes above and beyond to make sure that what you order is what you want.  She figures out your tastes quickly and finds out how adventurous you are.  She might even throw a surprise or two your way - always pleasant.  Laura does not hover but makes sure you have a great time.There is a hot chocolate for everyone's taste buds.  I like the "Mexican" Hot Chocolate, or the Dark Hot Chocolate.  The "Medium" is probably a good in between version.  This place is almost always busy.  Even for brunch.  They do not use Open Table so for reservations you need to call the restaurant.  If you are having dinner or just dessert and you know ahead of time make reservations.  Otherwise expect to wait up to an hour at night.  Sometimes it's only 15 minutes.  If you show up without a reservation, they try to get you seated as fast as possible but this part (the seating) can be long and/or hectic.  I suggest sitting at the bar or at one of the 'banquette' seating areas instead of waiting for a table, or while you wait for one.  The bartenders are very knowledgeable and you can eat at the bar.  One of them is a bit snotty but this doesn't hinder your experience.  He just thinks he's the beverage God. He's not, but he might become one later on in his career.This is a place to go if your date starts off bad.  It will end well here.  If not - take the dessert home with you.  Score!Amazing. The hungry gents over at chicagoburgerbible.com ranked Hot Chocolate's burger #7 among its Elite burgers, and my expectations were exceeded.Hot Chocolate was pretty crowded only an hour after opening, so we sat at the bar, which was fantastic! The tables looked pretty small and cramped, but there was ample space at the bar, and the bartenders/servers were great! Very hip without the hipster condescension, skilled in their drink assembly, attentive in their service. The guys were awesome.I've never had a tastier burger in my life. It kind of melted in my mouth. The bread was fresh. I came undone. I had some seasonal dessert that was just okay. My friend had the Warm Brioche Doughnuts. Amazing.A couple got engaged while we were there. Pretty sweet :)Run to Hot Chocolate!I totally dig Hot Chocolate. I went there only once, but with a group of 9 others.  Based on the way they handled my group, they get a thumbs up.They put us in a large booth in the back - which is perfect because these ladies are boisterous.  We each ordered a different flavor of hot chocolate to get started.  So much fun to pass around and try each flavor.  Each was incredibly decadent.  We also ordered a few appetizers and lunch.  Everyone liked their meal and left with our tummies full and our blood sugar high!  I look forward to visiting again.I know that everyone raves about this place, but I'm not feeling it.  I've been there for brunch twice.  Highlight-  the bread/pastry sampler.  The croissant is amazingly buttery yet light and all of the pastries are really tasty.Lowlight(s)--all of the egg dishes are scrambled.  Mostly sandwiches.  The sausage biscuit sandwich was dry & boring.  I kept wishing the egg was fried or poached so that there would be some liquid to help the dry-ness.  The ricotta sandwich was good, but not great-  it needed more flavor and was pretty ho hum.I tried my friend's hot chocolate and it was so rich that I didn't want any more.I've heard that dinner is better, but I am not sure that I want to go back...Their dessert menu online is outdated as of 3/3...one new item Hot Chocolate offers is the Chocolate Again (with Peanut Butter): homemade graham crackers layered with chocolate nougat and some sort of peanut butter ice cream.  It came with peanut brittle sticking out of it on a plate drizzled with fruit (grape?) sauce, with a Do-Si-Do-esque cookie on the side.    Best dessert I have ever had!  I highly recommend the salted caramel ice cream, which is mostly melted by the time it arrives with the warm chocolate souffle.  I got wise and ordered it on its own last time I was there.Yum! I met a friend for brunch here on a Saturday morning, we had to wait 30-40 minutes for our table but it was totally worth it. The place is a bit loud and cramped, so if you're looking for a place to have an intimate conversation, this is not it. If you have to go to the bathroom you better go before you sit because (depending where you are seated) getting up from your table may involve moving the table.  However, the food is excellent. Sadly, I didn't try anything chocolaty (this time). I did have the quiche of the day, which had squash and arugula. It was excellent! Everything everyone ordered looked great and I will be returning soon!Fantastic for a date and/or dessert.I had dinner somewhere else in the area, and upon finishing there, in the cold Chicago night, my friend and I decided that we weren't quite done with our evening. Where can we just get dessert?Food: At Hot Chocolate, I had, you guessed it, the Hot Chocolate. Specifically, I had the Mexican version. It was warm and fantastically rich. So rich in fact, that I couldnt even finish it. Served with a home made marshmallow (how do you DOO that?!?), the whole experience was definitely worth repeating. Keep in mind that we didn't try any of the food.Ambiance: This place is swanky. Not like in your face swanky with the three-piece suit hipsters who are in your face with the fancier-than-thou thing. Its a laid back place with dark wood paneling and low lighting. The music was at the right level and the din made your conversation feel as if it continued even when it stalled - all awkwardness was absorbed.Definite recommend for dessert.Uh, I cannot deny nor confirm whether the items listed below were devoured within a matter of minutes once placed on the table:- brioche donuts,- peanut butter mouse,- Chocolate #1 soufle tart,- pear and cream cheese cake something something, and- banana brioche bread pudding.I can confirm that our server was awesome and would like to up this a bit (because I haven't been here for other than dessert and drinks). I had no-shows and obviously our reservations were altered. She was cool about explaining to me the mix-up re: reservation policy though everything was approved ahead of time.It was an afternoon where we took the idea of "eat dessert first" to heart.  It was also an afternoon where we arrived at Hot Chocolate around twenty minutes before opening time and spent at least ten minutes on the sidewalk in front debating whether we should wait twenty minutes for them to open.  I'm glad we decided in the end to wait.It's obviously a popular restaurant, and though we were allowed inside to sit in the large waiting area out front before opening time, they did not seat us at the very back corner of the rather empty bar until quite a few minutes after the supposed open.Their cocktail program is decent, though it appears somewhat concentrated on the sweeter side of things.  We had come for dessert, and dessert is what we got - at the bar - just after opening.  A sort of cherry/chocolate cake thing, and their half-and-half: half hot chocolate and half espresso in a big mug.  The cherry dessert was marvelous, with strong, clear flavors.  The half-and-half was balanced just right; sweet, chocolatey, and packing a definite espresso punch.  It also came with a very nice chunk of marshmallow.If I had one complaint, it would be that service was not all that welcoming and seemed to have better things to do than deal with us ... from the hostess to the runners to the bartender.  The desserts we had were just lovely.My husband and I have been to this restaurant a handful of times and every time we leave we talk about when we are going to go back next. We've tried the goat cheese salad, burger, mac and cheese, arctic char, dark hot chocolate, and ALL of them were fabulous!If you're going on a weekend, make a reservation or plan to wait. It's always busy, as it should be. The decor is very modern and trendy.I can now say I've been to two different James Beard winning restaurants.  Mindy's Hot Chocolate is excellent.  Came here for dessert on a date with my wife on a Thursday night around 8:30 and had no wait for a table.  The waiter was great (Greg, I think?) -- very friendly and made some great suggestions along the way.  We had the doughnuts and 2 cookies.  When we return, I'm going to have to try some of their food.  It looked awesome.Mindy's Hot Chocolate is a super trendy hipster place. I was expecting a cozy little dessert shop, but MHC was completely the opposite. The place was packed, they had a full bar, and the atmosphere was dark. Apparently they have way more than dessert here, it's a full-blown restaurant, but all my friend and I came for was dessert.With hot chocolate in the name, I expected it to be amazing. They do have a handful of different flavors for the hot chocolate and my friend and I decided on the "Mexican" and the Chai. I got the chance to try both and they were extremely rich. I wasn't a fan of either flavor really and I was wishing I ordered the regular flavor. We sat at the bar because we wanted to get in and out quickly and we felt like our bartender could've been a little more attentive. Based on this hot chocolate encounter alone, I think I've had better... you know, the instant kind you make at home.I have been there to many times to count starting with with the first few days after it opened and its never disappointed. Everything is amazing and it feels extremely comfortable everytime I walk in the door.Try the french toast it was the best I've ever had. Actually just order anything and enjoy.Going to Hot Chocolate was on the top of my to-do list on my latest trip to Chicago. I had originally planned to go for lunch on a Friday, but that didn't work out so I pushed it back to Saturday. My mom and I walked in around 1:00 and the place was packed - the tables are pretty crowded together and it was definitely noisy (chatter + loud music). The hostess handed us our menus and I was so disappointed to see a brunch menu. Apparently they only have lunch during the week. I was really, really, really sad because I am not a brunch person, especially considering I'd had a donut for breakfast and didn't want any more sweets (at least not for my main course). To be fair, there were plenty of egg options and one chicken choice, but I'm not a huge fan of eggs so I opted for the french toast. Yes, it was delicious, just not what I had in mind.On to the hot chocolate. I tried the light, which was white chocolate, a bit of milk chocolate and flavored with pumpkin spice. It was awesome! So much sweeter than I thought it would be and the pumpkin flavoring made it so much better than normal hot chocolate. My mom got the dark and she loved it. She literally couldn't quit talking about it throughout the entire meal. So I'm giving 4 stars for now, even though I'm still saddened I didn't get to try some entrees. I'll just have to come back next time I'm in town.I'd have loved to have a full meal here, but oh well, we missed the 3pm cut off time for brunch, after walking around in Wicker Park during our first Chicago visit.Instead, on this cold and rainy afternoon, I got myself a decadent "Half-and-half" (hot chocolate and espresso), which, as you may know already, came with a not-too-sweet (yay!) marshmallow, that I couldn't decide to eat it or let it melt; and a peppermint cookie sandwich, which was so crumbly and delicate.I didn't even have lunch, but this sweet (actually not too sweet) treat, really got me satisfied for a few hours.That said, before tasting, I was a bit disappointed that their off-hours menu is so small...I went here for brunch today.  The wait at 11 am on a Sunday was 40 minutes, but luckily the bar was open.  Our server/bartender was excellent with service.  As busy as he was, he paid attention to everyone at the bar.I ordered the Market Scramble, which is basically a scrambler with cheese and veggies.  It was huge and came with potatoes, toast and a few pieces of fruit.  I couldn't even eat my entire meal, it was so large.  I also ordered hot chocolate.  Let me wax poetic about it:  that hot chocolate was one of the most amazing things that I have ever tasted in my life.  I ordered the medium, which was the milk chocolate and it was... wow.  Definitely worth every penny.  YUM!Hot Chocolate is one of the reasons I will always love Chicago - for their innovative, creative and always delectable eateries.  Their regular food menu is a bit overpriced but is to be expected for this posh place.  The food is no better than other places you may have tried (for ex. the lamb) but is presented better.  This is the place you come here for a date, a girl's night out, or a special occasion.  I like their seasonal desserts with apples (warm local apple, maple and brown butter pie, brown sugar streusel, sour cream ice creamSeedling Farm cider/maple caramel, or "pecan candy"), bananas (banana brioche bread budding with milk chocolate hot fudge center, banana "royale" split, fleur de sel short crust, coffee ganache banana sherbet, or banana coffee cake), just to name a few.The ONLY thing I don't like about this place is the parking.  So if you are meeting someone here, please leave travel time for parking.Came here with some girlfriends on New Year's Day - fantastic!!started off with the house fancy orange champagne concoction - a real mimosa would have been just fine.Had the donuts to start - yummy, yummy, yummy - love the raspberry jam that came with it!The brunch menu seemed pretty unique - I had the smoked  fish platter and being ukie I have eaten much smoked fish but this was simply amazing!! and i'm not even talking about the salmon but the whitefish . . . it also came with a noodle pudding, which i had never had before and it was yummy too!! Next time I will be sure to have the hot chocolate since there are so many varieties and I have heard nothing but wonderful things about it!Came here on a Wednesday night at 9pm an hour before they close and there was still a wait which indicated to me I was at the right place =)My sister and I ordered 2 hot chocolates, the half and half which is made of half expresso and and dark chocolate and this new drink that had butterscotch, vanilla, and white chocolate in it. The butterscotch one was way too sweet for me but fortunately the half and half was right up my alley. The waitress told us they changed the dessert menu the other night so a lot of the desserts were new. We decided to go with 1 new and 1 classic. For the new dessert  we chose the "Halah" which was basically a deconstructed Snickers bar without the peanuts. My favorite part of that dish were these tiny expresso tapioca balls. So creative and so good!As for the classic we went for the warm brioche doughnuts that was served with chocolate and carmel corn. Think of that krispy kreme you had a few years ago and multiply that deliciousness times 5. It was THAT good. Its a very "hip" atmosphere and the perfect place for a cute date or a calorie fest with girlfriends. (Kinda pricey though. Expect about a $50 check for 2 people for desserts and hot chocolate) The open kitchen is neat to peek at on your way to the bathroom. Parking wasn't too bad but then again it was late on a weekday.I went to Hot Chocolate about a year ago and had a wonderful experience. This is not a review of that experience, this is a review of my last nights meh-fest.We arrived on a Saturday night, with no reservation and were told it would be about 45 minutes. That' perfectly fine, that's on us, not them, so we went to Bluebird and returned after a phone call 30 minutes later. The hostesses were kind and quick.We were sat at a table with menus and water, and then proceeded to wait about 15 minutes or so for a waitress to show up.  She did the waitress introduction thing and went on to the specials in a single breath and then was about to walk away before we had the time to say "oh we've had time, we're ready to order. "  Annoyed, she took our order, in a peculiar order, skipping between the women and men at the table.  Look, I know this isn't a big deal to a lot of people, but after waiting for a while and essentially being dismissed once she DID show up, all the little things on top of her surliness just put us off.  It took about 15-20 minutes for two cocktails to come out, they were well made, and once again YES, I know it was 9 ish on a Saturday night, but the process took quite some time.  I don't remember when the food meandered out, although I do remember that the busboy/guy bringing around extra water bottles and such was friendly and efficient and all that.  Our waitress came by almost at meals end to ask us how everything was, and sped off before we could really say anything.  The spinach salad wasn't bad, but felt COATED in a thick oily dressing.  The burgers were good, but nothing to write home about, same quality as you'd get at say burger bar,  a bit charred on the outside, and like every other place that has "fancy burgers" just entirely too big to fit in anyones mouth.I've worked in good restaurants, there's a certain level of professionalism you expect.  Mindy's did not provide it, and it bought the meal down.   We didn't bother with dessert.I was really excited to go and try this restaurant. The name itself makes me drool with pleasure. We ordered a whole bunch of entree's and I have got to say my favorite was their macaroni and cheese. It was awesome!!!!  It was creamy and well balanced in  flavor. It's listed as an appetizer, but the portion size is enough to fill you up. All of our other entree's were good, except for  their artichoke and apple salad. It  was very disappointing for me as I ended up not eating it after taking only a couple of bits. Dessert--OH MY! Their hot chocolate is soooooooooo good. I was in heaven with each sip I took. It wasn't too sweet, yet creamy & silky. They are a bit pricey, but it's worth the treat every now and then!Yum.  Hot chocolate is, in one word, YUM.  I went here with some girl friends and it was a great meal.  We had some drinks (the mojito was ok-not the greatest) and then dove right in.We asked for reccs and the server raved about the burger with the egg and the lamb sausage sandwich so some of us got the burger and some of us got the lamb sausage. A friend also had an order of  the mac & cheese.  The healthy friend of the night had a spinach salad and an order of sourdough rolls.  (Her complaint was that the sourdough was blah and it wasn't sour enough.  I think she only had 1 of the 4, if that is any indication). Everything we had was good. I had the last bites of the mac and cheese and then someone went looking for it. LOL.  The burgers were GREAT.  The egg yolk seeping down the sides made for a very tasty treat.  I didn't have any of the lamb sandwich, but everyone said it was good.For dessert, the healthy friend had a hot chocolate (it was very thick and rich but she said it was great) and then we all split: 1. bananas2. cherries3. chocolate #14. donuts.Yes, we may be girls, but we like to eat.  The server suggested we go with 4 desserts, I think we could've done 3 and been fine.All the desserts were great! I think different ppl had different favorites, but we all decided they were soooo good and well presented.For those considering a visit to Hot Chocolate, you may want to see if there are any coupons you can buy on restaurants.com b/c that $25 off coupon really helps-esp when you feel the need to order 4 desserts. LOLHot Chocolate earns a five star rating purely because of the chocolate (you wouldn't have guessed, would you). I spend a lot of time searching out the best places worldwide to feed my addiction, and this restaurant/lounge may be the best of them. DO NOT MISS THIS: You must try the iced medium hot chocolate. This is the best chocolate drink I've found anywhere. It's a mix of dark and milk chocolate with a hint of caramel, topped off with a homemade marshmallow. It's become something of an obsession - I visited HC three times in the course of two weeks to have it. Now that we've gotten the preliminaries out of the way, we can talk about the rest of the restaurant.The front of the space is the lounge, and it's useful to note that the bar (which isn't very large) and lounge do have the full menu. The tables in the restaurant are fairly close together, and it can get a little cramped, but if you're ever there on a Thurs-Sat night you'll see why. There's a large, private table in the back that can be booked for parties - I've been to two birthday dinners there, and it accommodates 8 (the minimum to not be charged extra for the space) to 12 people. The restaurant tends to be on the loud end, though the private section helps keep the noise level down. There's also art everywhere - it's of an edgier, sometimes disturbing variety (currently, there are photographs of disembodied dolls hanging near the bathroom).Service is excellent.The food is of consistently high quality in general, both in presentation and preparation, and the menu changes constantly. HC uses local ingredients and the menu lists the farms that they source their meat and produce from. That said, I've sometimes been disappointed with the food. Hands down, the best item on the menu was a braised rabbit from a few weeks ago - but I've had dishes that were oversalted or just didn't quite work. Entrees usually run around $20-30 each.But one doesn't really visit a place called Hot Chocolate for the food. Pastry chef Mindy Segal has been nominated for two James Beard awards, and there's good reason - the desserts are incredible. The portions are small - both of the desserts and the signature hot chocolates - but even the most committed sugarphile would have difficulty eating more than the portion provided. They're incredibly rich and bursting with flavor. It's actually a challenge finishing just one of the dense hot chocolates.And did I mention that you need to try an iced medium hot chocolate?Came here on a Sunday morning for brunch with 4 other friends.. we arrived shortly after it opened, but were the last ones seated in the first round. Boy, were we lucky! This place is poppin'.To start off with, 2 friends and I shared a Half and Half hot chocolate, which is half espresso and half dark hot chocolate. OMG, seriously the best hot chocolate ever (I've had this one more than once--I stand by my assessment). It comes with a house made marshmallow which melts nicely in the cocoa and makes it pretty damn fabulous. It's quite rich though, so I'd recommend sharing. We also started off with a plate of warm doughnuts, which were coated in cinnamon sugar and came with raspberry preserves on the side. Delicious.I also had a pineapple/passionfruit smoothie, which is not too big and also really really good.I (and 2 of my friends each) ordered the duck hash, which consisted of duck confit, sweet potatoes, onions, and a fried egg on top. Mmmm.. a very good choice.On our way out, we picked up some bacon chocolate chip cookies, which are a must try if you get the chance.All in all, will definitely be back. Looking forward to trying out dinner. If you come and it's packed (very likely), just know that the hot chocolate and cookies can be ordered to go. Recommend!Went for a friend's birthday a few years ago and was not impressed. While I don't consider myself a picky eater, they just don't have many entrees that appeal to me. However, I decided to go a different route when I went there recently by ordering a salad and dessert. Oh my. I cannot wait to get back for the heirloom tomato salad which I bet is seasonal. It is one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. It is so simple with tomatoes, dressing and cheese croutons but goes together magically. While I'm not really a dessert person, my dinner mates and I decided to each order a dessert. Someone ordered the signature Hot Chocolate dessert made of chocolate which was ok but the peach (maybe?) dessert was fantastic and the seasonal blueberry dessert blew my mind. I couldn't figure out how each bite was better than the last.Also, we were there on a Tuesday night and I sort of laughed making reservations thinking no way we really need them. Well, turns out Tuesdays are a big night! By the time we left around 8ish, every single seat was full and there were people eating in the cute sofa and bar sections.We made plans with a friend who works out of town so much that we don't get to see her very often, so we let her pick the place. She suggested brunch at Hot Chocolate. Being Northsiders, we weren't super-jazzed about driving down to Wicker Park, but we ended up being thrilled that we did. I had already heard good things about Chef Mindy Segal, so we expected to have a nice time and good food.The service was great, our waiter was attentive and friendly and the atmosphere was comfortable and stylish. We ordered the coffee, which ended up thrilling me to pieces - see, I hate weak, watery american drip coffee, and this was french press, rich and delicious, served in the press pot on the table. Yum! Then Mindy herself brought out a plate of sweets (our friend had become a regular there in the short time she was home!) including the best pecan sticky rolls I'd ever eaten, a really delicious banana bread (which is my fave anyway!), and a scone that was so light and airy I couldn't get enough of it (I mean, really, scones are usually pretty brick-like!). Right, so a pretty good sign of things to come, right?My friend & I both got the quiche of the day, which I STILL can't stop talking about (the crust! the crust!), and our dates both got egg sandwiches - the biscuit & sausage one was amazing, and the ham and pesto one also incredible!I know I'm gushing, but it was a dining experience I won't soon forget, or stop talking about! I have to go back - there was so much more I wanted to try!! And I didn't even get to have the hot chocolate! Der! Go and go now, and tell them I sent ya! ;) Bliss! Heaven!! Thank you, Mindy Segal!!! If you ever consider expanding, Andersonville would be perfect (hint! hint!).Came here with a group of friends to get some desert, and overall, it's an okay place.  I had the vanilla bean milkshake which was good.  Others had the hot chocolate, fried doughnuts, and an apple tart.  Nothing blew us away, but they were just.....okay deserts.In summary, okay deserts, good service, okay prices.So I've been here twice now.  After the first visit I would have given this place 5 stars, but after the second trip it gets knocked down a star.Really a great place.  I love the unusual mix of comfort food and fancier cuisine.  I'm a lower class kind of guy so I stick to the burgers and pretzels.  All are done very well each has its own unusual twist on what you would normally expect.  Its not often I look at a menu and find myself truly torn between many options... but that is certainly the case at the Hot Chocolate.  Everything I've had there has been far above average.I am normally very patient and wont knock a place for service, but that does lack a bit at this place.  Particularly on our second visit there were a far higher than average complications.  But to the credit of Hot Chocolate, everything was made right.  We even got a complementary tray of donuts and popcorn for our troubles.Anyway, great place.  You'll need a reservation.  Check it out particularly if you want to indulge your sweet tooth.To be honest- I had one of the best desserts the last time I was here. Unfortunately, I had to share. Well actually, five of us split three different desserts. The best was a special minty chocolate creation that included so many different textures and flavors. We also had the warm brioche donuts which came with one for each of us that you could dip in a warm fudge. The third was a banana dessert that was good, but I was too focused on the minty chocolate dessert.So - five stars for my favorite dessert.  The hot chocolate and homemade marshmallows were also a fantastic end to a great evening.I've also eaten brunch here, which was more of a 3 star experience. The drink was great but I felt the muffin sandwich I had lacked some extra pizazz, but it was still tasty. With so many options to brunch in the city, this wouldn't be one of my go-tos.In Love! When you name a restaurant "Hot Chocolate", you instantly raise the bar. And this place meets it!My favorite is the dark chocolate with the homemade marshmallow. Oh heaven. Sometimes I'll walk in and just get one to go, but it's worth it to sit there and order some local, organic food and enjoy.Just a word to the wise: it can get very loud here for brunch. Go with expectations for the food. It's delicious!I went there for dessert only.  It is such a cute place!!  We got hot chocolate and it was soo rich but oh so good.   They had different types too- tan, white, etc etc.  Fun!! One of my friends got the cake and shake (or something along those lines) and another got the milk shake and it was soo delicious too.  Definetly recommend it for some great dessert and hot chocolate - especially in the winter.  Downside - it's kind of expensive for dessert....but oh so worth it. =)Great, great, great.  The regular food was delightful (Mac N Cheese FTW!) and they have a solid wine selection but the desserts were (obviously) the highlight.It's as if the chef dips her foot in dessert deliciousness and then kicks you squarely in the mouth.  Fantastic.We did not have a very good experience here.* My pork dish was undercooked, and I had to send it back.  It looked like it was rare/raw enough to be unhealthy/risky to eat.  The pork came sliced, so the chef either somehow managed to not notice or decided not to correct it right away.  My wife was finished eating by the time I got the waitress's attention and it was brought back to me.* Even after getting my dish back, I thought it was decent, but absolutely nothing special.* The pork itself was pretty fatty, to the point where only 60% that was served to me was edible.  It turned out not to be enough food.  We had appetizers, entrees, and dessert, and I still left not feeling completely satisfied.* The tables are WAY too close together, to the point where I felt uncomfortably aware of the conversations going on at the tables to both sides of us.* Service was terrible, as I think they were understaffed.  We waited quite a while between each step in the process--ordering apps, ordering entrees, ordering dessert, getting the check.* I felt it was overpriced for what we got and the quality of the dishes.  I don't mind paying for quality, but this wasn't it.My wife ordered the pasta, which was nice but not awesome.  Dessert was the highlight, but even that was not outstanding.Oh. My. God. Hot Chocolate is FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC!We had a cold chocolate martini and this is absolutely the very best chocolate drink I have ever had in my entire life. If it weren't for the alcohol and, oh yeah, empty calories (the wonderful, so very worth it, calories) this would be my only drink. We also had the "Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup" which was to die for as well. While it cost $12 it was worth the price.I want to go back. Now. Right now.Absolutely the best burger of all time.The rest of the food gets better from there. Great bar and attractive attentive staff.Special Treat in Chicago. Lucky you if you live here and enjoy this joint on a regular basis. I had expected it to not quite live up to D-bar in Denver, but Keegan has a worthy competitor. It was a dark and rainy night, it was tough to tell if it was open. We walked into was wait area with 4-5 couples they were all seated, as were we, within minutes. Seated at the bar, we were dazzled by the mixologists that never stopped moving.We started with the Mac, fought over the last cheesy bites. Perfect texture, not a lot of crunch on the top. Something I could eat everyday.Americano before dessert was light with flavor, it was a solid good Americano. Pumpkin Cheesecake was the finale. Just amazing on so many levels and then there's all sorts of extras by the side. The best extra was a roasted marshmallow with some rich cream sauce.This place is a Chicago MUST.I came with friends on recommendation to try their Sunday brunch. I think we arrived later (around noon) so the wait was minimal, but several of their menu items were sold out (specifically disappointing, their donuts). We were seated quickly and proceeded to order.The coffee arrives in an individual French press - so the presentation is nice though I felt like the coffee was burnt (disclaimer: my extent of coffee expertise is "it tastes fine" or "I don't really like this. - also I usually drink black). We opted to also try the hot chocolate because the name of the place told us to. The malted vanilla bean was a bit too sweet (though the marshmellow is delicious) so our server graciously let us trade it in for the Mexican hot chocolate. Sadly, it was so cinammon-y, almost like a cinnamon challenge, that I kinda wanted the first hot chocolate back, but we stuck with it as not to be extremely difficult.The food itself was pretty good. Nothing extraordinary though maybe it would be better if we came during the prime cooking hours. Also, the menu changes regularly so it's hard to stay with a favorite. Good excuse to try something new though!WOW this place is good!!! Obviously incredible desserts! I love the donuts and a hot chocolate is a must. It will rock your world. This place is actually great for events too. I went here for a bridal shower and their tea sandwiches were amazing. Their Mac and cheese is ridiculously good too as well as the milk shakes! A very solid place if you have a sweet tooth! Can't wait to go back!Everything we had was at least good if not great.  I loved the seared Kobe steak, my friend enjoyed the wild mushroom lasagna, and the ahi tuna appetizer was fantastic.The brioche donuts were a great dessert while the chocolate cake was tasty but pretty small.I've previously lambasted a restaurant for lowering its culinary and service standards during disastrous Chef's and Restaurant weeks. Nevertheless, I thought a trip to Hot Chocolate for my mother's birthday during 2011 Chicago Chef's Week was worth the risk. Well, the gamble paid off -- and we still ended up dropping a  significant amount of money despite the discount (which is presumably what a restaurateur hopes for by participating in these events). Since it was a birthday, naturally half our bill was booze. Highlights include a well-balanced Manhattan, Satan's Whiskers, which was a majestic color thanks to the blood orange juice, and the unsurprising but "real-tasting" chocolate martini.The beet salad was perhaps one lettuce leaf too petite, and the beets themselves could have been pickled for perhaps a few days longer. The rye croutons had the same problem -- a lack of tenderness. The soup fared much better -- a custard-like cauliflower soup topped with fried capers really captured the essence of my favorite white vegetable. I have had some of the largest, most tender scallops in this city recently, and Hot Chocolate's were no exception! They had a nice Maillard-effect crust on top and came with delicious greens. The pork itself was great, but I found the pickled ramp puree distracting. Daniel noted that it reminded him of the relish at McDonald's (does that still exist?), and it just reminded me of one flavor taking charge rather injudiciously.Dessert. Naturally, this was the best part (though, if memory serves me, a previous dessert at Hot Chocolate quite disappointed (it involved a pretzel?)). The Quebecois sugar pie was fantastic. Think: pecan pie minus pecans. Plus, the crust was made with bacon fat, and the whole thing was topped with a luscious orb of whiskey-maple ice cream. Absolute heaven.The halvah took second place; either Daniel ate it and I didn't get to try it or its flavor was totally drowned out by the catcalls of several chocolate forms on the plate -- the chocolate porter ice cream being one of them. It was that mouth-numbingly chocolatey experience one comes to loathe after awhile.Speaking of! Our waiter, who was positively charming and conversational and kind to my chatty parents, sent us a plate of caramel corn and donuts standing erect in a pool of warm chocolate sauce. It made the lackluster halvah experience fade from memory (mostly).I'm so glad Mindy (who politely visited our table) and her team made the experience worthwhile for my family despite the inauspiciousness of the week. I think we proved that Chef's Week and others like it can serve as springboards for patrons who would otherwise not dine at intimidating restaurants like this. I'm officially hot for Hot Chocolate.I don't know how this place could not have 4.5 to 5 stars. I'm in LOVE with this place. I cannot speak for the normal dining menu as I've only been here for dessert, but oooooh mmmmy GOODNESS the dessert is so worth it. I'm not like a die-hard when it comes to hot chocolate (the drink). Nor am I really that into marshmallows. This place is the mecca for both though. Their marshmallows are to die for. I'm always tempted to ask for more since I love them so much and mine's usually gone with half my hot chocolate left to drink. I typically get the medium, but had the Mexican last time and it was delicious as well.I've had the cookie sampler and it was nice, but I don't think I would get it again. I don't think I'm THAT much of a cookie person to make it a habit. My friend got the special the first time we went and it was divine. It was a sweet potato pie with a port sorbet, and seriously I was majorly bummed I hadn't gotten that as well.The servers we've had have always been so knowledgable and accomodating. We sat at the bar the last time and it was still cozy & intimate even though you're at the bar with others right next to you. The last time we went, we had some liquor added to the hot chocolate. It was really good, but be careful not to add too much or it ruins the hot chocolate a little. They bring it to you in a separate little tiny pitcher so you can add as much or as little as  you want.I'm going to be going here in a couple weeks for dinner, so I'm extremely excited to do a follow up review on the food. See you then!Great deserts!I had the Study... pastries changes so  they are probably different now.Tho, it was great!  you can split it up with someone else but we ordered another dessert and it was delicious! haven't had dinner here but we'll probably will!Gets pretty busy so be ready to wait!Holy crap, is this place freakin' expensive!  Three desserts and three beverages, with tip, just under $100.  The desserts are very rich and kind of trendy.  I guess I just like regualr desserts and this fancy stuff is wasted on me.  If I had $100 to spend, I'd rather hang out at a local pub buying drinks all night for myself and a few friends. Hot Chocolate was fun to try, the service was great and the atmosphere was just fine but I don't believe I'll be back.The good:  The hot chocolate is AMAZING.  It is a dessert in itself so just order this at the end of your meal and you'll be full to the brim with chocolate.The waitress that we had was awesome! Very attentive and funny!The bad:: --The food is seriously over-priced for what you get.  I was with a group for brunch and we each ended up paying almost $40.  It didn't help that the coffee is $4 a person.--The restaurant is noisy.  (Managers: PLEASE put in some tapestries to absorb the noise!!!  I realize the wood looks nice but the sound just bounces off of it. )  We sat at a table that was a bit small for our group of 7 and we could barely hear the people on the other side of the table.  --The restaurant won't seat you unless you have all of your group members there--no matter what.   I find that annoying, especially in the age of cell phones were the late person can call and tell you that they're literally 5 minutes away or whatever.--The donuts aren't nearly as amazing as the waitress claimed.  I think  I could have gotten the same thing (or better) from Duncan Donuts for 1/6th the price.  I won't go back, unless I get a hot chocolate to go.Order only dessert!!!I went for brunch- hated it.went for the hot chocolate- loved it.went for dinner- wasn't at all impressed.went for dessert- worth every penny!!!conclusion- their sweets are great, savories- completely underwhelming for the price paid.We FINALLY made it to Hot Chocolate last night after having moved into the neighborhood over six months ago. Let me tell you, it lived up to all the hype! Our first obstacle was the fact we made reservations for three, which automatically put us in the corner about 1 inch away from the table next to us, allowing us to hear everything detail of their conversation and visa versa... but if you like to get friendly with your neighbors then why not right?! the more the merrier! Johnny was our waiter and he was absolutely fabulous, he lead us down a knowledgeable path offering great advice on wine and local gin that paired perfectly with our menu. We started off with the shrimp and grits app as well as the homemade pretzel.... words cannot describe the yummy goodness I experienced inside my mouth. The pretzel was done to perfection! Next up: MAC AND CHEESE! DISCLAIMER IF YOU LOVE MAC AND CHEESE YOU MUST MUST MUST GET IT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is in a category of itself, literally they write that on the menu, and they're not kidding. On a cold rainy Chicago day, it makes you feel like paradise. Who am I kidding, on a hot summer day it would make you feel like you are in Utopia!!!!! For the main course we had the Lamb sausage sandwich (amaze balls), the hamburger (Best in the city) hands down, and the Arctic char simple perfection. We topped it all off with the peanut butter cup, death by peanut butter. I don't think I'll ever be able to eat a Reese's again. Nothing can compare. Needless to say, whether you're from near or far, if you're in the city, make a trip to Bucktown for this diamond in the rough. It will not disappoint.I had been looking forward to coming here for quite awhile, but overall it was a big disappointment.  We came on a Tuesday evening and the place was empty. Still, we were made to sit at the bar since we were only ordering dessert. That seemed a little silly for an empty restaurant on a weekday night.What really let me down was the food. It was just not that good. I had the chocolate cake and my dining partner had a white chocolate mousse. Neither was very memorable or complex. There was maybe two or three bites of food on the plate. I wasn't expecting a big slab of cake (ah, I wish) but it was definitely overpriced. The hot chocolate, though, was delicious. If only they made it to go...You're mostly paying for the concept and ambiance at Hot Chocolate. It was definitely nothing special.Most of the time I'll just come for the "Half and Half", which is half espresso and half dark chocolate, all amaze. I come here for the deserts mainly, dinners are oh kay.Typical overpriced brunch spot.  And below average food at that.  My boyfriends food was ok, but it wasn't hot all the way through.  We wouldn't be surprised if it was made yesterday.  I got the blueberry pancake which wasn't good at all.  It was really oddly sponge-like.  I really love pancakes and couldn't eat this thing.  I'm sure someone thought it was cute to do pancakes "different" but this was a swing and a miss.The high point and the low point involved the doughnuts.  They were very good in my opinion, and I've been around to a lot of doughnut places.   The problem was that you get 4 doughnuts for $8.  But each doughnut is really really really small.  I'm sure they will say they are "perfect to share!"  But really, it's an $8 doughnut.  You should get at least double the amount for the price, if not more.There's a lot of brunch places you can go at this price point.  This place doesn't deserve to be on the short list.  We went to little goat in west loop yesterday and it  was fantastic and cost us ~$10 less.  Lets all move on from expensive/average to below average brunch spots.Chocolate #1 was salty and very disappointing. The banana dessert was OK--I had the burger as my entree which was good. My friend had the kobe steak but complained it was too salty. The lasagna is good, but very small. The mac n cheese is very good and rich, but maybe too rich as an entree. Share this with someone and have another side. (the cauliflower au gratin were nice!)The drinks were terrible. Straight vodka for $12?Such hype..not much there.Hot Chocolate is heaven for your sweet tooth. I visited this place for the first time about a month ago on a whim after dinner, just looking for something sweet to top off date night with my boyfriend. Now I have gone back 3 times since, and have been completely satisfied every time. The Brioche doughnuts are served with caramel corn that will blow your mind. And the specialty hot chocolates (they have like 6 different kinds, and don't hesitate to add a shot of vanilla liquer) are so thick and rich, you won't be able to drink Swiss Miss again.I'm developing an addiction to their desserts, and hope the dinner menu is equally as amazing. So goood!!!I came here for dinner on a Thursday in August for my 21st birthday with my girlfriend as a backup after finding that other restaurants in the area, ones that we didn't have a reservation for, had obscenely long waits for tables and lines out the door for the bars so we were lucky to get a seat at the bar right away. The hostess said that there were 5 reservations for time slots ahead of us so if you want a table on a Thursday through Sunday i would highly recommend making a reservation. Once seated at the kind of small but very aesthetically pleasing bar we were served by a knowledgeable and amicable bar tender who exemplified excellent service. There are a variety of in house custom cocktails along with a wide selection of rye whiskeys, gin, and beer just to high-lite what stood out without delving too deeply into the drink menu or my wallet. I tried the cucumber cooler signature cocktail and it was excellent and appropriate for the season.The seasonal nature of the menu ended up being something that i both loved and disliked about this place in that the summer items just came off as a little too common and uninspired for a restaurant with so much critical acclaim. Regardless, the menu featured a number of contemporary American type dishes, think super high end grilled chicken and steaks with surprisingly luxurious salads and appetizers, some of which feature signature chocolate as implied by the restaurants namesake. I ordered the tuna salad which consisted of seared sushi grade ahi tuna accompanied by some summer greens and a light, viscous vegetable puree that added a more earthy edge to something that is usually served spicy. Service was impeccable until they brought the tuna melt instead of the tuna salad, but the problem was fixed in less than 20 minutes and we were given an incredibly generous discount on our check for the inconvenience. I wish that i had ordered dessert because i had heard and read, if nowhere else than in the doorway to the entrance, that chocolate is kind of what this place does, so when i return for the fall/winter menu i will be sampling the dessert for sure. Overall a great spot on a very cool neighborhood with an earthy and artistic take on a simple Americana menu. Not inexpensive, but you get what you pay for in every aspect of the establishment.I LOVE MINDY'S HOT CHOCOLATE!!! Okay, today was my first time dinning at Mindy's hot chocolate. Before hand, I've looked it up on Yelp and saw many compliments on the Dark Hot Chocolate. Trust me, it tastes incredibly awesome!!! I think so far, the Dark Hot Chocolate at Mindy's claimed as my favorite dessert. If you haven't try it yet, TRY IT OUT! You'll love it.. and of course, you can thank me later.. Kaka.. I also ordered a sandwich, don't exactly remember what the name is, but some words start with Lamb then Crema Kesa? The price is reasonable, overall. Plus, I can not finished my meal, I had to pack it home. Mindy's Hot Chocolate today was my first time to try it out there.. will definitely come back for a second round and try out some other meals they have there!Very fun atmosphere to come with a bunch of girlfriends or a date.  I loved the choices in hot chocolates. I've always gotten the half and half - 1/2 expresso and 1/2 dark hot chocolate.  The homemade marshmellow that they give you absolutely melts in your mouth. I find myself rationing it into little pieces so I can enjoy it throughout my drink!  My husband is really into french press coffee and really liked it here too.For food, I've gotten the market scramble once and loved it.  The next time I got one of the pancakes but it was a little too sweet.  I always have leftovers to take home since the portions are pretty big.  Last time I went with my husband, he looked at the menu and couldn't find anything he wanted to eat for brunch...but the waitress convinced him to try to buttermilk biscuit.  I didn't like it but he LOVED it.  He was definitely surprised at how good it was and finished the entire thing. Great place to come to warm up and enjoy desserts.Thanks to Eitan S, I was introduced to Hot Chocolate on a recent trip to Chicago.  I'll leave all the delicious details to the Yelp Chicago crew except for one note:Our waiter not only knew every detail about the food but he also had great skill at using the word  "dope" to describe our food choices.  Not once, or twice but at least five times. I was amused. For example - "oh man, good choice. The Lamb and Krema Kasa is dope. You're going to love it."What else can I say -  Hot Chocolate is definitely dope."NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT" is what my tongue said to me after trying hot cocoa with a homemade marshmallow from this place. This was the second stop of our food tour and I didn't think much of it at first... and then the creamy milk chocolatey goodness took over.  I was impressed by the award-winnig brainchild's story and was not surprised that she was so highly acclaimed.It was just hot chocolate some might say. But no, it wasn't JUST hot chocolate. it was like a cocoa fairy coated my tongue and decided to slow dance with my stomach. I definitely need to come back to check out more of their sweets.Oh and the size of the homemade marshmallow? The size of a baby fist.This is for the dinner at Hot Chocolate - Brunch is quite a different story.We went on a Tuesday night at 8:15, only waited a few minutes to be seated which was nice.  However, they REALLY pack you in there like sardines and wait staff/host doesn't help you slide your table out.  You're just going to have to nicely ask your neighbors to pardon your ass in their face for a moment.  There is no way around it.The Mac and Cheese is PHENOMENAL.  Healthy it is not, but utterly delicious and the best part of the meal, definitely.  Crispy on top, cheesy and creamy inside.  Its $10 and comes out in a cute, very hot ceramic pot.  Perfect appetizer to share (or meal if you don't split it).  My other half ordered the butternut pumpkin soup (good, nothing to write home about), and a Caesar salad.  His salad was romaine lettuce, not chopped up, and in a heavily anchovied dressing.  Meh.I ordered the chicken with cauliflower grits.  It's a half chicken and maybe I'm just a total brat, but I hate having to try when I eat!  I wish it was just ready!  Anyway, the chicken is all organic with no hormones, and when they delivered it they warned me not to worry about the blood vessels and how pink it was.  That was unappetizing just to be warned of!  I didn't enjoy it at all (but the grits were good!).Our bill with a glass of wine and a beer was $80.  Too expensive for not enough and not very good food.Skip the dinner.  Get there early for brunch - now THAT is something worth going for!Went here with a girlfriend on a Friday night.  Attempted to make reservations for 7 earlier in the day, but they only had early ones left.  We showed up at 7 anyway and were still able to get a table, but it was pretty busy already.  The staff were very professional and always checked in at the right time.  The bus boys were very attentive at cleaning up crumbs and folding the napkin when one party gets up, which I usually attribute to fancier places.  Their drink list was creative, my friend had a sweet-tea vodka and lemonade drink that was soooo good.  My glass of wine was nothing spectacular, but good enough that I ordered another.  We shared the mussels as an appetizer and they were some of the best I've had and it was a huge portion.  I made the comment that I wanted to drink the broth afterward, they were so good.For dinner I got the burger, which I never order when out, and it was really good!  The presentation was great.  The bun was toasted perfectly.  The only thing  slightly off was I ordered it medium and it was bright red in the middle, which was more rare than I like, but I'd rather have that than over done.  My friend had the mac 'n' cheese and it was super rich and yummy.  For dessert, we had the seasonal banana dish which was to die for.  We wanted to get hot chocolate, as we'd read the rave reviews, but were way too full to even attempt it.This place would be a great date place and place for girlfriends.  I was suprised to see two families with little kids there, which was a turn off.  Two kids were trying to knock the lit candles off the tables in the front lounge area, but the rest were behaving ok.3.5 overall probably with breakdown like this:4 for above average food2 for kitchen service5 for waiter service3 for ambianceFood. had the delectable mac and cheese for an appetizer. i ordered the homemade lamb sausage sandwich which was very good and a side of brussel sprout much of which were perfectly cooked but there were a few that were overly charred but still tasted ok.fiance had the chicken which was soooo good and had this perfect amount of thyme herb essence infused throughout and was very moist.we went there the night before xmas eve. had to get reservations a week early to get a 7:30 slot. we arrived at 7:30 and were seated right away.it was fairly crowded but there were a few table still open.waiter took our order pretty quickly by it was over 30 min and our mac and cheese had yet to arrive. we didn't have to say anything and he brought us out a free round. it was probably another 30-45 min before out entree arrived, and the waiter brought us out a cookie to go box on the house.we were actually too full to order dessert so we will have to go back!We went to Hot Chocolate for my Birthday. It was a Sunday night during the holidays and I didn't really think we would need a reservation, but we waited an hour. That was my fault for not making one. It was crazy packed, people just kept pouring in. Once we were seated, it was awesome! The drinks were great! We had the shrimp and grits appetizer, scallops and pork tenderloin. All 3 were amazing! The desserts were incredible. We had the Peanut Butter Cup, it was really really good. I will have to agree the service is somewhat slow, but I wasn't in a hurry. They forgot to bring our second drinks so our server gave them to us for free, which was nice:)I would definitely go back!!!I was in Chicago for a girls' weekend of foodie fun. After a lovely dinner, we stopped by this place for dessert.  As a former art major, the art on the walls was the first thing that struck me as I walked inside.  If the type of art a place has hanging on the walls is any indication to how trendy it is (think the more awkward/disturbing the art is, the more trendy the venue), this was the place to be.  The hostess fit the bill. She had the standard "45 minutes" answer to every group that placed their name on the list.  Our wait was a little over 10 minutes, but that may be because during the 10 minutes, three groups before us took their names off the list and left before they were seated. There were two seating areas. Tables with real chairs were reserved for those ordering dinner.  As dessert eaters only, we were ushered to the dimly lit front corner of the restaraunt to sit on backless low benches that would fit in any skyscraper lobby, and flimsy round tables that appeared to have been bought at IKEA on clearance. The menu was minimal(not a bad thing), but intriguing. We each decided to order a different hot chocolate beverage and share the bourbon pear dessert. If I were rating this venue on the bourbon pear dessert alone, it would get six stars. Expertly arranged, and even better tasting than the plate was beautiful, that dish was the best thing we ate all weekend!  Unfortunately, the hot chocolate beverages were served at just above luke-warm temperature.  Maybe that was to prevent the homemade marshmallows served with the beverages from melting (they were divine)...but our group agreed that the beverages were overpriced and not that great ($6 to $8 depending on your selection).  I have a feeling if they actually served HOT chocolate, the beverages would have been better.  And of course, who wants an unmelted marshmallow floating in their cocoa?  Overall, I'm glad I went--for the heavenly dessert.  But I have no need to ever return.  There are too many other places in Chicago to try!This is a nice place to come after dinner nearby, but I'm not sure that beyond presentation, it really merits its reputation.Came here after a light dinner + drinks at Bluebird.  Service was very, very slow to first attend to us (we had already had our menus stacked and ready to order for quite some time).  I had a peppermint milkshake, friend had a farmer's mint hot chocolate.  When my drink came out, it looked fantastic- to the point where I actually pulled out my phone and took a photo with flash. It was worth the apology to my neighbors- it's a work of art.The milkshake itself, however, rather meh.  The peppermint was a little overpowering, and the portion, while good for a rather stuffed me post-dinner, would've been quite disappointing for someone having it alongside dinner.  The milkshake cost me $6, as did my friend's hot chocolate, which meant an out-the-door of $8 with tax+tip.Oh and the tables are extremely tight, so if you're a larger person, prepare for some awkward ingress/egress moments.I definitely wouldn't *eat* here but it does seem to be a decent place for a relaxing way to end the evening without getting too crazy.Hot Chocolate is an indulgence. Fantastic for dates because of the trendy atmosphere, or even just to go with a friend and get some hot chocolate while enjoying Wicker Park.I've been several times just for hot chocolate/dessert in the front seating area, and finally came here the other night for dinner, with my foodie mom (who was visiting me in Chicago for the weekend).Standouts:THE CASSOULET.I plan on going back just to get this again VERY soon! A different take on it than I've seen before-- other cassoulets I've had have been a bit more colorless since they're primarily white beans, but this one was warmer/reddish since I believe they put tomatoes or tomato paste in it. And they do a fantastic (house made) lamb sausage instead of the traditional chunks of lamb. The best part of the dish, however, was the DUCK CONFIT. The best duck I've ever tasted hands down, from the falling-off-the-bone meat to the crispy skin and exceptionally flavorful fat. I could have eaten a whole duck cooked that way in one sitting.THE BAKED ALAKSA.Since it's the holiday season I wanted to go for something Christmas-y and rich for dessert, and the warm pool of eggnog glaze that surrounded the attractively presented little dome of toasted marshmallow/meringue was so good that I scraped every last bit off my plate with my spoon. Hehe.THE HALF-AND-HALF HOT CHOCOLATE.I've had this before on another occasion, and it's both incredibly rich like the other hot chocolates AND a nice pick-me-up since it's got all that espresso. Mmm. The homemade marshmallows they serve with all the hot chocolates are also a nice touch, and such a dramatic step above store-bought ones.Could have been better:The Tuna Melt. My mom ordered this since she wasn't as hungry as I was, and since she wanted to save more room for dessert. The sandwich was just a big... Meh. We had expected chunks of good quality tuna, but my mom thinks it was probably from a can. The cheese on the sandwich was good (I think I recall gruyère, maybe?) but the tuna was not of the quality you'd expect at Hot Chocolate, and the volume of bread overwhelmed the fillings. And that's my ultimate pet peeve with sandwiches... when they have yummy fillings, but you can barely taste them through mouthfuls of too-crusty, too-big bread. I'm a Hyde Parker, and I think Z&H (on 47th and 57th streets) has better and more imaginative sandwiches than this, for around $7.The verdict? The best things to order at Hot Chocolate are the hot chocolates which are fantastic, the elegantly crafted and beautifully presented desserts, and the more complex entrées. Yes, they serve burgers... which I'm sure are delicious, and sometimes you're just in the mood for a burger. But the best value, I think, are the dishes like the cassoulet!We've been here twice and had positive experiences. Pros: -That macaroni and cheese is the most delicious thing you'll ever eat. The first time we split one (and fought over every bite), so the second time we each got our own. Don't underestimate how filling it is (could serve as an entree all on its own). I ended up bringing some home and it tasted pretty excellent even leftover.-They're not kidding when they say the hot chocolate is basically liquid chocolate. We both prefer the "medium", which is milk chocolate with a hint of carmel. The second time we were there I got mine iced, and it was even better (although I recommend scooping the ice cubes out pretty immediately or else it will get watered down).Cons:-The first time we were there, we split the hamburger, and it was really nothing to write home about. They make their pickles in house, which is cool, but they were SO vinegary that we could barely eat them.-We had the same server (Dave?) both times, and he was a litttttle overbearing. His spiel of the menu specials took about 5 minutes, and it delayed our ability to scarf down the mac and cheese.-The booth seating is SO cramped. We sat in almost the same spot both times we were there, and trust me, you get to know your neighbors well. The tables (if you have more than 3 people) are much roomier.I left a two star review two years ago. Much has changed. Food was absolutely delish and so tasty. I was speechless it was so good.I've been to Hot Chocolate twice before and both times were very good, so I preface this review by saying that. However, the 3rd trip was an absolute letdown. Although our waitress was nice, it took close to an hour and a half to bring out food for 3 people. It's not like we ordered 3 of the most sophisticated dishes on the menu either. We got 2 English muffin sandwich dishes and my sister in law got a hash bowl. The place wasn't that slammed either, so this was rather inexcusable. Also, waitress seemed to putz around while we waited and waited and waited. Very frustrating. The food was just average. The English muffin was tasty, but the bread wasdosed in oil and butter. My hands were therefore drenched in it. Also tasted like something I could easily make at home, so wasn't impressed. Other parts of the meal were OK, but nothing really stood out. I won't be back for a while.How has it taken me this long to go to Hot Chocolate?  I'm in Bucktown all the time!  This is an extreme failing on my part, and I will do my best to remedy it by stopping by more often in the future.What can I say about the burger and mac & cheese that others haven't?  Um, frankly, not a whole lot.  But that doesn't mean I won't try.  My burger was juicy and flavorful - this is what a burger should taste like.  Seriously.  All burgers should have a fried egg on them.   And the mac & cheese was simply divine.  I can't remember the name of the dessert we had, but it was one of their seasonal items, and featured pears.  Now, I know a lot of people don't like the whole pear grittyness thing, and I get it - but this wasn't gritty, but it was fantastic.  It was paired with some sort of gingersnap thingy that was a great spice balance to the sweet of the pear.  YUM.Only con - we came here early, straight from work - maybe 5:30 or so?  Definitely after they were open, but the place was pretty empty and none of the waitstaff made any effort to seat us for several minutes.  They all just sort of wandered off.  Not cool, guys.  If nothing else, let us know you'll be right with us.Outstanding. Hands down one of my favorite places in Chicago. Service is hip and unobtrusive, creative and soulful food...and the sweets? Ridunkulous.Hot Chocolate is my "Check Please" choice.After eating at pretty much every restaurant in Chicago that accepts domestic currency, I can easily settle on Hot Chocolate as my favorite (yes, Alinea blew my mind, but I can only afford to have my mind blown once). I eat fish/seafood but no meat, and have eaten everything on the dinner, lunch, and brunch menu I can. I eat here at least twice a season to check out whatever the seasonal menu changes are, and have tried almost every drink, both chocolate (hot & cold) and alcohol.My all time favorite was the brandade, which I don't think they do anymore.Favorite hot chocolate is the Mexican- I'm a girl in love with the Scoville Scale.Favorite cocktail- whatever your waitperson recommends.I started eating here 4 years ago on a date with my boyfriend, who told me it was awesome. Boy was he right. Awesome staff (in my boyfriend's words, "they all seem to want to make love to the world- totally groovy"), awesome service, awesome decor, AWESOME FOOD, and (duh) earth-shatteringly delicious desserts. I tend to forget that money is something we work hard for when I come here, and just start ordering everything that looks good- because it ALWAYS is. The mac 'n cheese- awesome. The smoked fish platter for brunch- awesome (MIndy is a woman after my own faintly Jewish heart). Come here late? No problem, crab an itty bitty table in the lounge and enjoy a well-curated beer. I've taken everyone I've ever known here, because it's accessible fine dining, and won't scare way the folks. I can't even think about it and not salivate- it's literally the first place I go when I visit Chicago, the first place I think of to celebrate important events (and I have) and I wish they could cater my wedding.Now that Mindy is doing the ice cream thing, and Doug (my all-time favorite waiter in the country) is the floor manager, I miss it even more.Oh Hot Chocolate, you stole my heart.Hot Chocolate is a cool restaurant and name for a dinner/dessert bar; it fits in nicely with the yuppieness of bucktown. I think i would enjoy this place more (and therefore give it a higher rating) if i wasn't allergic to chocolate itself! haha. check it out for yourself.I was a bit worried after reading reviews griping about snooty/poor service and long waits, but I came for an early dinner on a weeknight - with reservations - so I suppose that simplfied things quite a bit for me.I ignored the warnings not to start off with one of their signature hot chocolate drinks and ordered a chocolate/espresso beverage as soon as I sat down.  Man it was good but it kinda killed my appetite for dinner.  So instead of ordering entrees we ordered a bunch of appetizers, including mussels, pate, and mac-n-cheese.  All were good, but the star of that show was definitely the charred baby octopus.  I normally can't tolerate squid or octopus unless it is breaded & fried calamari-style, but this octopus was tender & perfectly flavored.  Three cheers to mama & papa octopus for sacrificing their infant offspring to my dinner plate.Of course you must leave room for dessert when you come to a place like this. Several of their dessert offerings are plates of small bites of different things under one common theme, which is nice if you want to share or if you don't want to be bored with one big homogeneous dessert.  I tried their tribute to the malted milk ball and enjoyed it quite a bit.Service was not bad at all, I don't understand why some reviews were critical of the waitstaff, but maybe things are different later in the evening, or when the place is more crowded.  The tables in the dining are are more close-together than I normally like, but that did allow me the opportunity to take a good look at what other folks were ordering - the burger and pork loin both looked great.  I was far too stuffed & sugared-out at the end of my meal to consider any of their take-out pastries, but I will definitely take a closer look next time I visit.I've never said, "I don't think I'm going to be able to finish my dessert," before tonight. I never thought I would need to say that, but it happened. The richness of the Black and Tan hot chocolate was too good. I thought that if I finished it, it would ruin other desserts for me forever.If I have diabetes now, it will be worth it.Brunch, Lunch and dinner- for all of those it's just P E R F E C TOne of Chicago's gems, and certainly a personal favorite of mine.The Short ribs dish is amazing, although its currently not in the menu.The meat was so tender, and was covered with a reduced beef stock, which was (all natural ofcourse) just divine.We also had the fresh-green bean soup, a cold soup, which was just amazing. it felt like i've tasted a piece of mother-earth. the chef actually capture the true essence of green beans, I can only guess he (she?) was using fresh beans, and not the tasteless stuff that comes frozen.I've also tasted the anti pasti starter, which, although was good, didnt rise to the standards of hot-chocolate.The burger (with a sunny-side up served on top of the juicy meat) was cooked to perfection at one visit, while at another occasion, was slightly over-cooked.It is still an amazing dish, which helps making this restaurant  more accessible, as you dont need to shell $50 per-person, for a full 3-course meal, but you can get a much cheaper version of the real deal.The deserts? oh well, i think everyone else are talking enough about the deserts here. they are as good as they say.The hot-chocolate is indeed amazing, although neither of us could have finished a full cup of this hot love.imho, the espresso here is one of the best in town.oh, i forgot to mention the service.superb.friendly and yet proffesional.the crew knows what hes talking about, and even easily match a wine to any type of dinner you'll get.i'm torn between recommending this place in a public place, which might contribute to the success of Hot Chocolate.On one hand, i'de like Hot Chocolate to be successful, but on the other hand, i dont it to become to successful, (from a rather selfish point of view), as i'de like to keep finding a seat in the house, whenever i feel the urge to indulge myself.if Yelp would have had 6 stars.... Hot Chocolate deserve one.One of the best dates that I ever planned involved dinner at Cafe Absinthe followed by dessert at Hot Chocolate.  My husband and I ordered far too much so we took most of it home and then had treats for breakfast the next day.It was a great date, if I may say so myself.We enjoyed the memories of Hot Chocolate and thought very fondly of the  restaurant.  One day, we found ourselves walking nearby and decided to try it for brunch.  It was such a disappointment.  The brunch was medicore, at best.Now, when we walk by, we think Yummm desserts, booo brunch.Don't get me wrong, I will definitely be coming back one evening very soon!I remember I walked here(probably 3-4 miles) while it was snowing(2 years ago?). So cold. But I kept telling myself that the hot chocolate would be worth it... and it was. Best hot chocolate I've ever had. I was seated at the tables, which made me happy since the sofa/lounge area looked rather uncomfortable for eating. Got the medium hot chocolate(which came with the most amazing marshmallows!!!), this delicious pasta with scallops and pumpkin sauce, some sardine and brioche plate, cookies, and the warm brioche doughnuts. The second time I went, I got the milkshake. Meh. Don't get the milkshake. Get the hot chocolate. I mean, the restaurant IS called hot chocolate for a reason... don't think of getting any other dessert! c;Ambiance is pretty good for dates/girls night out. Very dark, pretty loud, "cozy", and pretty much... romantic. Good food.. but come for dessert! Pricey entrees(I remember that very small pasta dish was 18 bucks?).. but looking back on it, it was well worth the money. Very well made dish.. though, I'm sure they don't have that on the menu anymore haha(I haven't been to Hot Chocolate in a year or so).The atmosphere makes you feel like you're inside a piece of chocolate candy...which is awesome for chocolate lovers like myself.We had a great waiter. Good service and personality and he was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu.Everyone in my party thoroughly enjoyed their meals (burgers, tuna melts, lamb sandwich, steak). I had the tuna melt and it was amazing. I had the apples/pears dessert. Loved the different layers, textures, and flavors. Very tasty and light enough to eat after a heavy meal. I can't wait to go back and actually try the hot chocolate!This is one of my top 3 favorite restaurants.  Great gourmet food with the concept of comfort, simple ingredients, from local grocers, farmers, and growers.I loved all the deserts they had to offer!!!!I went here back in December or January, I think had the lamb shank which was delicious!!!! Definitely a must try!!!!This was one of the places we went on a food tour, and I've been back multiple times just for the iced hot chocolate and home made marshmallows!They have different grades of hot chocolate *Light "eggnog" white chocolate with a touch of milk chocolate, nutmeg and cinnamon*Medium chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and a hint of caramel*Dark 72% French chocolate*Black and Tan 1/3 hot fudge, 2/3 medium hot chocolate*Half and Half 1/2 espresso, 1/2 dark hot chocolate"Mexican" Chocolate...2/3 dark chocolate, 1/3 milk and fresh cinnamon (all hot chocolates can be served over ice!)My fav is the medium. They sell the mix in the restaurant and I wanted to buy a can it was that good! But the medium and light are always out! The brioch doughnuts are light and delightful. The chocolate #1 is salted caramel ice cream with a chocolate souffle tart bridged together with a salter pretzel--the ice cream was too salty plus the pretzel? I ignored both and just ate the souffle. I haven't gone here for an actual meal, because it does look pricey, but I attest that the hot chocolate over ice is DEEELIGHTFUL! =]I love their sweet dessert menu. HOT CHOCOLATE IS THE BEST! The menu changes so its always fun to check it out, the desserts are original, creative and delicious!Impressions: Long wait, overpriced, bad service, OK food, great hot chocolate, cute presentation. Wait: Our wait was about 15 minutes more than the estimate they gave us. The greeter didn't actually take down my friend's name. We had to ask a random waitress to see if the host had us down on his list..he said "I had you girls down, but now I have your name too." I don't understand how you can have a party down on a list but not have a name with it.Food and Price: I'm all about quality, but I didn't think the quality of the food backed up the price. I liked my friend's burger because it was overcooked almost to a crisp and dry. I'm probably in the minority of people who like my meat cooked very-well done, therefore I can see a lot of people hating the burger. I paid $15 for a SMALL glorified cheese calzone. It was nothing special and definitely not worth the price. Although I have to say that the presentation of the food was very nice.Service: We were a group of six so the 18% gratuity was already included in our bill..and it seemed that our server knew that all too well. Our server was stop and go, and would walk away before we could ask a second question. Also, when taking our order he was suppose to go back to one person who wasn't ready on the first take, but he forgot and walked away before taking down her order...thus taking even more time get his attention back to our table. It's a good thing we were busy chit-chatting otherwise we would have been (even more) annoyed at the (lack of) service. Hot Chocolate: Yummy, not just a beverage, it's dessert..very rich! Other: It's hard to talk without yelling, the music and the crowd overpowers the room.Mindy Segal has started something very special in this part of town.  To begin, the name "Hot Chocolate" gives the potential guest a feeling of warmth and comfort.  It sounds inviting and friendly.Hot Chocolate can be the perfect date spot, and yet at the same time, it's perfect if you just want to enjoy a spectacular meal alone.  Grab a seat at the bar with your favorite periodical or novel, talk to the extremely knowledgable bartender/mixologist Luke Lefiles about his wine, spirits and beer offerings, relax and enjoy.  If there are any questions about the meals served, also ask Luke.  Originally heading down the Culinary path, Luke takes a special interest in what Hot Chocolate has to offer. My brother and I walked into Hot Chocolate on a Sunday evening around 6:00, and took s seat at the bar. (A little advise given by employers Rachel and Roshell, it's their slower time of the week)  Luke told us about the beers of the month, and their specials for the evening, which of course changes with the seasons.  We ordered the charred octopus.  They were perfect, not too rubbery, and perfectly crisp on the outside.  The feta and vinigairette paired very well.For the main course, I ordered the berkshire pork loin served with grits.  You can't go wrong with a well brined berkshire pork loin.  It was amazing as I expected, but the Plapp Farm grits were outgrageous. They complimented the pork with the pickled Okra resulting in a combustion of flavor. The grits had a nice creamy texture, not too buttery, thick, but not too thick.  I could've eaten another bowl or bucket of this... but anyways, my brother ordered the burger.  I asked Mindy, "Why is this burger so damn good?"  She said that it's just the quality of the heartland beef with the organic bacon, which gives the Carr Valley 6-yr aged Cheddar a nice little smoky flavor to it.  She didn't tell me this, but I'm just guessing that it isn't ground chuck, maybe a ground sirloin mixed with ground brisket.  The flavor and juiciness was impeccable.Now I know what you're thinking, a couple guys grabbing dinner, there is no way they are going to order dessert and stick around.  You're right, we ordered it all to go.  Yep, all of it!  I wasn't about to leave the restaurant of the renowned patisserie Mindy Segal, without seeing what she is all about.  So I decided to order the brioche doughnuts, the cookie box, and the ice cream & Sorbet flight.The Brioche doughnuts came with the best caramel corn I have ever tasted in my life.  The doughnuts were nice and soft, and even better when dipped into the dish of fudge.  The assortment of all the petite cookies, gave me the true understanding on how much time is devoted to each individual pastry.  The mini Petite fours were pieces of heaven, each with different flavors, and all a buttery goodness.The ice creams were a trip alone, I wish I had a list of what each of them were.  Luke told me before I left, but completely forgot by the time I made it home.  The one that stuck out the most, was the salted Caramel.  I never had such a punch of flavor coming from something so cold.As a little treat, Luke through in a couple chocolate chip bacon cookies.  I had them a week prior to this at the Taste of Nation event, I noticed a few people picking at the crumbs.  yes, they were that good.If Martha says it's good well.............. I gotta taste that shit. Went here on a Saturday a little after 1:30. I was truly anticipating lunch and one of there bomb digity desserts. However, like many chi-town establishments the brunch carrys on all day.  Kick it at 1 why 2. I had the Chicken Ceaser wish was really good and the presentation was great.++ Naked lady on the wall- until 2pm brunch............lame+ smore cookie+/- smore browniewill be back again for booze, butter, and sugar.I think i've been here nearly 50 times at this point , i've been going since way back in the day...and it never, ever disappoints.I come in here for 1 reason, and 1 reason only; to have an amazing after dinner dessert. Wether you stick with a seasonal dessert or want one of the regulars, it's always amazing...hands down the best dessert i've had in the city.Had brunch - and had high expectations!ProsFun atmosphere and open kitchenMindy's sandwichCons1/2 espresso and 1/2 chocolate - too sweet for my tooth Quiche was, maybe, undercooked (very gooey)ConclusionWill go back for dessert, but not brunch.Let me preface this review by saying that Chicago is an amazing city.  I'm from LA, and it was my last night in Chicago...I told my friend I was hungry and she said she wanted to flirt, so Hot Chocolate it was!My experience was 89% food and 114% Douglas, our waiter.  If you want a personable waiter who's easy on the eyes, Douglas is your guy.  The most charming thing about my bacon burger topped with a fried egg was the two squeeze bottles: one filled with ketchup and the other with horseradish sauce.  Squirt the latter all over the burger, and you're set.  It came with potato chips that added an amazing texture to my side dish of creamy mac and cheese.  It's going to be hard trying other things on the menu when your burger is that good.  My friend and I love bread pudding so the banana bread pudding was an easy choice.  Douglas came back with the dessert and placed it in front of my friend.  He proceeded to place a milkshake and two cookies for me to enjoy because he didn't want me to feel left out.  Mhmm...yes.Do yourself a favor and come here.I liked this place a bunch, but don't necessarily feel a need to go back. There is really nothing wrong with it--we liked the food (especially the desserts), the room was nice (although tables are very close, and one particular 20 year old blond next to us felt it necessary to shriek to communicate with her friends), and the service was decent (a little slow to start and not a whole lot of menu knowledge). It was a fun night, all told.  I feel this is a confusing review.  It's hard to explain other than to say that, while we enjoyed our experience, we'll probably want to return to old favorites or explore new territory before returning here again.  Does that make sense?  I'm a bit hungover.This place is for the chicks, but send your girl in and get the Hot Chocolate....So Good!I haven't eaten here so I don't know about the food, but the drinks are well worth it.Oh my God, dude!!-Amazing pate-Amazing white chocolate peppermint latte or mocha-Great service-Great entreesI honestly, without question, LOVED everything I tried. We went in a big group and we ate a little but of EVERYTHING from each other. No complaints, from staff to food, to feel/vibe. Soooo good! Did I mention how good it was??? I think I experienced a food coma while I was there. Go there, do it!First off: yes, the titular hot chocolate is pretty damned great.  Expensive, but pretty great.  For an occasional treat, I'd say it's totally worth it.Possibly less worth it: a hell of a lot of other things about the Hot Chocolate experience.  It was great that they had coffee available for you while you wait for seating, especially since you will be waiting for seating.  This is certain.  Oh well.I would almost seriously suggest bringing hearing protection-- it's LOUD in here.   Add packed tables with the music playing (again, too loudly) over the sound system and you've got a serious racket.  When I was trying to talk to or listen to the people I was sitting with and "More Than a Feeling" came on, I seriously considered just pulling out a notepad and writing back and forth.Again, the hot chocolate was pretty great.  The house-made marshmallows on top were a nice (and tasty) touch.  Our entrees ranged from great to OK, but the side sausage was awful.  Completely bland and flavorless, a serious misstep.I doubt I'll go back to Hot Chocolate any time soon, but I'll definitely go back sometime.  There's a Cider Caramel milkshake with my name on it...Hot Chocolate is a casual neighborhood spot, although the chocolaty brown color scheme makes it look more sophisticated than your standard corner bakery. It's the kind of place you can stop in for a brioche and coffee in the morning, a Kobe beef steak sandwich at lunch, or a plate of glazed pork tenderloin in the evening; there's also a wide selection of specialty ales and lagers -- as well as a full wine list -- aimed at late-night diners. Desserts, however, are the main event.   Many use seasonal fruit (apple-cider potpie, or the banana napoleon, with layers of caramelized bananas, banana coffee cake, graham crackers, and a topping of banana ice cream), but chocoholics can get their fill, too, with dishes like rich chocolate soufflé with caramel ice cream. I recommend that everyone order a hot chocolate topped with a sweet homemade marshmallow at least once.  The hot chocolate is like drinking a candy bar, very rich and very delicious.  Hot Chocolate is as good as it gets when it comes to dessert.  My only complaint is that I wish Hot Chocolate could open another restaurant in Boston --where I currently live-- so I can enjoy it more often.Two words will describe all that is Hot Chocolate....Chocolate coma.....A little goes a long way here. I had some hot chocolate (you have to, really) and the donuts and it was WAY too much rich deliciousness for one sitting. I could barely walk to car when we were finished. Sooooooooo yummy.The atmosphere was a little "trendy" for my taste...I opt more for cozy.... but it wasn't obnoxious. I've only gone for dessert so I can't comment on the food but I would like to try it out for brunch one of these days. I didn't pay so I can't comment on the price either but I think it would be safe to assume the price fits the neighborhood that it's in. In any event....I highly recommend you go here for dessert.....just make sure when you do....you haven't already eaten a huge dinner.Sigh......Hot Chocolate was Bliss!  Perfect place for a gourmet brunch, lunch and/or  dinner experience.  The decor is dark, minimal & lovely.  The organic coffee is the Best I've ever had, smooth and leaving you wanting more. My favs are housemade brioche french toast, the chef's daily specials, smoked fish, the cheddar melt, Lamb and Krema Kasa.  YUM!hotchocolatechicago.comI've seen this place all over the food channel for years and have been dying to go here for some time. I finally got my chance Saturday. The hostesses, particularly the blonde one, were non communicative, seemed completely frazzled, non-welcoming, impolite, and frankly just the littlest bit rude. Not off to a great start. Once we were seated, however, our service improved. Our server, Greg, was great. Polite, friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. He gave us great service from start to finish. The restaurant filled up FAST, so I would not recommend attempting to dine here without a reservation. The food was good. Not great, not terrible, just good. I had the Shrimp and Grits for a starter, and my boyfriend had Caesar salad and the pretzel to start. The grits were very good but the shrimp was meh, the caesar salad was OK, and the pretzel was good but not incredible. The dipping sauces for the pretzel were great. He had the lamb for dinner, and didn't really like it at all. I had a scallops special which was decent. Not life changing. Now the DESSERT. Wow. I had the famous Chocolate #1. Just wow. Maybe the best dessert I've had in the city of Chicago. Seriously. My Mom had a pumpkin Cheesecake special which was also outstanding. My boyfriend had some kind of banana chocolate thing that was also unbelievable. We also tried a half hot chocolate/ half espresso drink that was insanely rich, creamy and awesome. Overall food wise the desserts were the highlight of our visit. I think, if I ever go back, next time I'll come for a lunch, share some cheese and some desserts, and call it a day. Too futzsy, too crowded, too expensive to make an evening of it, if you ask me. BUT if you want the BEST desserts in Chicago, GO!As a pastry school graduate I had immense high hopes on this place.My fiance took me here for my birthday in January and it was pretty disppointing.We got some kinda of meaty stew and I got the risotto with root vegetables. Risotto wasn't cooked all the way and had a few crunchy moments.The waitress suggested the ginger ale lime mojito drink which was great but you honestly got like 3 sips out of it cause they put half a lime in the glass. It wasn't muddled in there just there for show and to take up space as a thoughtless garnish. Keep in mind I think I remember this drink being in the $12-$14 range.Then the moment we were waiting for! Creamsicle Baked Alaska.First off, the layout was off. Something as to maybe using a star tip instead of a round would have probably made the meringue look less like a white burnt turd.This 5" cone shaped mound was on top of a half ounce scoop of vanilla ice cream on a cookie. On top of the meringue was a teaspoon (I am not exaggerating!) was orange sorbet. The vanilla and orange components wern't even in the same bite!Stick to the hot chocolate. Unfortunatly if you do you have to order a certain amount as an in house rule.So I don't really go for chocolate. But our buddy works in the kitchen, pumping out the tasty treats, so I was like, "Let's do this!" We showed up around eleven on aforementioned buddy's birthday and since he had to work we grabbed a table right in view of the kitchen and set up shop (So he could at least watch his birthday party.)I had a giant beer (Dogfish Head's Red and White) that made me so happy. And everyone else seemed generally pleased with their choices. The coffee was excellent as well, and for sure helped us continue partying into the wee hours.ANYWAY. We ordered a bunch of desserts and just passed them from person to person and nobody said much except "Aaaurghhh." The Chocolate #1, their signature plate, so I'm told, was nothing special if you didn't try all the elements together: Melty chocolate cake, a scoop of salted caramel ice cream and a salty pretzel. YAY!But by far the most wonderful item on our table was the grape ice cream. It's been on my mind for the last 36 hours. I want more. I want to live inside of this grape ice cream....All in all, we had a lot of fun in a very well-designed space, good drinks and lots of delicious bites of many delicious treats. Then we went nextdoor to Bluebird and got sloppy drunk.One star for being a pretty place... that's it (and only because I couldn't post without it). Zero stars for the worst service I've ever gotten, ever! Went to this place for the first time today, and waited about 15 mins to be seated. Cool, no big deal, at all. Once seated, my date and I waited about 20 mins to even be acknowledged by the waiter... the place was not busy, at all! My date actually had to get up and ask who would be our server, because we had been waiting so long. Waiter said he was, and with sarcasm said he was already on his way to our table...he came to our table, with a bit of attitude, asked what we wanted to order... we gave our drink orders and said we weren't ready to give our food order... he had the nerve to ask why did we go up to him to ask who our server was if we weren't even ready... isn't it the norm that when you're seated, your waiter comes to introduce himself,  and asks what you'd like to drink? I mean, any other fine establishment would give you that courtesy. Not only that, no waiter I've met would just stand there forever, not doing anything, noticing people at a table in their section and not acknowledge them. To top it off... he (and his name is Chris, btw) went to gossip with his buddies while looking back at us as if we had inconvenienced him. Don't you earn tips for a living? Unless you're waiting tables as a hobby, I don't believe your poor service will get you very far. Rude and obnoxious. We got up and left. Not sure how to take the ridiculous attitudes of this place. Needless to say, never again.It's slightly pricey, but everything I've ever had there (on 4 occasions) has been spectacular.  Staff is super helpful and friendly, and the open kitchen reminds you that there are people working hard to bring you something delicious.I'd recommend a dessert to try but you could be blindfolded and point at one entirely at random and still do just fine.  Even if it's the drink menu.(that means you get to pick again)This place is a great way to end an evening and sure to satisfy any sweet tooth's need for dessert.My girlfriend took me and a bunch of friends/co-workers here for my birthday after a great dinner at Frontera. We started with an "appetizer" of donuts and dipping chocolate sauce. They were scrumptious!I had a chocolate cake and my girlfriend had some chocolate thing with carmel salted ice cream. Both of which were amazing. There were some really great flavor combinations happening in both desserts. Accompanying all of this deliciousness was a half hot chocolate half cappuccino w/intelligensia  esspresso!! Spot onWish I lived in Chicago so we could go again soon.If you go here, then pursue the namesake. Forget ambiance, service, and every other criterion.  The reason this place is a must is simple: best hot chocolate in the city, and at least 7-10 variations depending upon the rotating menu.  I detail two of them below.  CAUTION: This place is AWESOME about rotating the menu!!!  So, I'm steering away from too many specific menu-item reviews.However, I know your real concern, too, and let me just say that the location did not impact my particular visit.  With that, let's just address it.HIPSTER FACTOR: Surprisingly, MODERATE.Seriously!  Despite being in the heart of Grand Hipster Terminal (the 6-corner of North, Damen & Milwaukee; colloquially and correctly known as "The Crotch" intersection to actual Chicagoans), this place did not have a terrible hipster factor when I visited it.  The neighborhood definitely causes concern that there might be a routinely irregular massive Hipster gathering at some point during the week, but there were no wannabe intellectuals, yetis, or pseudo-punk 80's people when we sat for Sunday brunch.  Maybe I've discovered something: maybe Hipsters don't do brunch?  Ignore the picture of the spazz with the tattoos on the "Gift Cards" link of its website's homepage because that thing DOES NOT represent the average crowd.  I digress.  Onto the actual review: 4/5, and only because the menu, which constantly changes, had too many sweet items on it.Indeed, the ambiance and food were good.  On a Sunday at 11:00 A.M., I have now three times enjoyed the hustle of a relatively normal brunch sitting.  All three times with party sizes varying, and were immediately sat or had a very short wait despite the line being outside the door.  (We just happened to not be a monstrous group.)  It has the industrial look to it, and just be mindful that their products are popular enough to generate a little bit of storefront action even on a Sunday.As for the food, brunch is chic and trendy.  They feature donuts, the new "it" dessert, and yes, their donuts are freshly prepared, brilliantly executed, and consist of unique flavor pairings--for donuts--like maple and bacon.  You have some variation of a super-sweet French Toast and the standard two-egg breakfast at all times.  The items change pretty routinely, and they compliment the eponymous drinks.  Quiches are done well; all items come veggie optional; and the menu balances the savory fairly well.  Expounding upon the veggie comment, veggie items are not pronounced if you're feeling sensitive about your vegetarianism that day, so grow a backbone (from tofu or something, I imagine) before you go there and ask what your options and substitute ingredients are.  (I went there with a vegetarian, and she did just fine because she has a backbone.)  The reason we don't get to five stars is actually because one such trip did focus a little too much on the sweets, but I attribute that to more of my personal preference.  Thus, feel free to count that bias against me if you're a true blue sweet tooth and not a moody one like me.Returning to those hot chocolate options, the fudge-based Black & Tan ought to be illegal because it's so damn good.  You know that little sprig of joy you experience when you've had something truly, succulently, and richly chocolate.  This is your drink.  I could have had that and only that and been fully satiated for the rest of the day.  (Indeed, I was served at 11:37 A.M. and did not eat again until 8:00 P.M. or so.)  If you like the 'Peppermint Mocha' of several restaurant and beverage chains, then Hot Chocolate's Peppermint option--again, if on the menu--is your drink.  Finally and, well, if you just like hot chocolate, then any of their options will destroy your previous expectations on the topic.  No other place will have as good of hot chocolate.I hear their alcoholic drinks, but I had torn up the scene the night beforehand, so a mimosa or alcoholic hot chocolate variation did not even cross my mind.My husband surprised me with dessert at Hot Chocolate this past Saturday after we had gone out to dinner for our anniversary. Best. Surprise. Ever. I hadn't really heard of it but I will be going back soon to try everything else on the menu!We were there for dessert so we sat at the bar. I ordered a coffee which came in a french press (fantastic) and we tried the peanut butter cup, a cup of banana sherbert, and a cup of salted caramel ice cream.Both of the ice creams were amazing but I don't think there any words to do justice to how good the peanut butter cup dessert was. It was a AMAZING. I probably would have ordered another if they weren't $12 a pop :) The atmosphere was lively and hip. Just what I would expect from that area. Service was perfect.My husband and I agreed that we will be back to try their dinner menu as well. Can't wait!No ! Lets sum this up , overpriced ,leaves you sick after . Sad for a 70 dollar bill , the waitresses wasn't that friendly , the doughnuts weren't grand , the hot chocolate was sweet , which was expected , but that one marshmallow was silly , will not return  and now I have an upset stomach .... ThanksI went here for brunch with my family this morning while visiting Chicago for the weekend.  We arrived at 9:55 (opens at 10am) and the place was filling up fast.  The food was excellent.  The pancake, French toast, and donuts and potatoes were all 5 stars.  The quiche was 4.5 stars.  The phrase "this is so good" was said many time throughout the meal.  Our server was great.  If we lived in Chicago, this would be a regular brunch spot.I have to admit that generally speaking I am quite lazy when it comes to dinner and I tend to go to more casual places because the older I get the less energy I can commit to dress up just to consume food, but nonetheless I've talked about wanting to go here for years and so I finally got off my butt, got my hair did and went here for my birthday.Um, I regret waiting so long. Our dinner was just fantastic. It was a cold, rainy night in November but the food was so warm and comforting it was worth the nasty walk to and from the car. We had brussel sprouts, a duck dish, mac n cheese and bread pudding. Just recalling it makes my seratonin levels go up. I'm not sure you can get better at this price point.If you like the idea of snuggling up to a huge mug of hot (or iced) creamy melted chocolate in a variety of flavors...Mindy's Hot Chocolate is the place for you! This was one of the first restaurants I visited when moving to Chicago two years ago, and it has been a brunch regular ever since. The brunch menu changes each week, keeping a few "staple items" and everything I have had here is cooked to perfection. The chef/owner is known for her baked goods so if you have a sweet tooth this place is heaven. I have not been here for dinner, but from what I've heard their brunches are their real strength.I came here a few years ago and absolutely loved the brunch here.  I came back for dinner at the end of May and was really disappointed.  They renovated the place and they have a new menu. Their new menu is so limited, I could not find something I wanted to eat.  I ended up getting a steak, how can you go wrong with a steak?  Major problem- the temperature of ALL the food, except maybe the ice cream.  The mac and cheese came out and it was tepid at best.  It was not bubbly hot, and it had weird, blackened areas on top.  It was almost cool that the cheese somewhat congealed onto the pasta.Then my steak- it came out LUKE WARM, not semi-hot so that my foie gras butter just sat cold on top of my steak.  I tried to smear it but it had no melt effect.  I was going to say something to the server, and I should have.  Both the appetizer and the entree were unsatisfactory.The Caesar salad with shaved parmesan and a hard boiled egg was nothing extraordinary, dressed in a light creamy dressing.  For dessert, we got three scoops of strawberry rhubarb, salted caramel, and coffee.  The ice cream was good, the salted caramel the best flavor.I got some cookies to go which were all good (ginger, chocolate chip bacon, and lemon cream among others).  I was not happy with my meal when I left and felt really disappointed since I had such high expectations for this place.  I wish they would add more interesting items to their dinner menu and serve food at the right temperature.We discovered this place on the Chicago Food Planet tour and it was a great find!  Our waiter, Douglas, was the coolest guy.  He really took care of us.  I love that they incorporate organic and local food as much as they can.  Much appreciated.Don't just think it's only about desserts, either.  They have amazing food.  However, if you are going to have dessert I would recommend the blueberry canoli and/or the medium hot chocolate!  Mmm!While in Chicago I made a pilgrimage to Mindy's Hot Chocolate to try their desserts and, of course, the hot chocolate.I had one of the signature desserts, The Chocolate #1, which is a warm Colombian chocolate souffle tart, salted caramel ice cream and a housemade pretzel.  The tart was the best.  The center was molten and the chocolate was delightfully dark.  YUM, I LOVED IT!  I was not big on the ice cream or the pretzel though.  The caramel was too strong and the salt was overpowering.  I much prefer the salted caramel at Bi-Rite Creamery in San Francisco.  The pretzel was also too salty.  I understand that there is supposed to be an interplay of sweet and salty flavors, but after a few bites I just ate each part separately.  The ice cream came on top of a thin chocolate cookie which I liked.  The description of the dessert mentions that there are pretzels, but it's actually just one.I had the Mexican Hot Chocolate, which is 2/3 dark chocolate (72% French), 1/3 milk and fresh cinnamon.  It's served with a housemade marshmallow bar.  I liked the richness of the chocolate, but the cinnamon was too spicy.My friend ordered the beets salad, which is roasted local beets, wax beans, farmers' cheese and celery leaves with a sherry vinaigrette.  It's not a very large salad, but she wasn't very hungry so it was a good size.The day has finally come.  I finally went back to Hot Chocolate for brunch this weekend, and I think I've figured out where to find the best Brioche French Toast!  Yes, even better than Bongo Room.I loved the raspberry and cream on top, and for only $10 including two sausage links on the side, it's also a better deal than most breakfast places in the area.  Even after adding $6 for hot cocoa, it's reasonable for a good brunch.We got there early to avoid a wait and were seated right away.  I got the Mexican Hot Chocolate to start, which was pretty good but very dark and rich.  I can't fault them for either, since that's how it should be if they're going for authentic, but it might be too much for some people.I like the ambience and the service is on par.  The tables are pretty close together, which is becoming commonplace these days to try and fit as many people in a small place as possible.As far as dinner/dessert goes, I also loved it!  We went on a Tuesday a while ago, which is when they have 1/2 price wine bottles so we started the meal out with a nice surprise.  I had an amazing sweet potato gnocchi with beef cheeks.  I love sweet potatoes, so I was pretty excited to try it and was also very happy with how tender the meat was!  It was an excellent combination.I had the pecan tart for dessert and tried some of my boyfriends peanut butter cup, which were both delicious.I'd definitely recommend it, especially if you've got a special occasion to celebrate.  Brunch is great if you need to warm up a bit or just need an extra sugar dose for the day!I visited this place about a month ago. Initially I thought it was just going to be a dessert place, and that's it -- It was essentially what my friends told me and so I didn't expect much. When I entered the place, I was blown away by how fancy and elegant it looked on the inside. There was an approximate 30-minute wait, and so we headed over to the bar. My friends and I ordered the Malbec, and it was delicious. One friend ordered a Matilda beer, and that was good too. Then we got seated not too long afterwards. One thing that I didn't particularly like was the inconsistency of the menus at the bar and at the actual table. One of my friends and I planned on sharing a plate, and we wanted to try rabbit (which was on the dinner menu at the bar), but the item didn't appear on the dinner menu at our table. Instead, we got the lamb. It was very good. I loved how they prepared it. Just the right amount of seasoning, and it wasn't too salty or too-anything. Still, I would have liked to have tried the rabbit there, especially if the lamb and the salmon (what our friends got) was so good. I'm a bit lactose-intolerant, but my friends and I ordered dessert. Now I know what good dessert taste like... and girl, were these desserts deliciously rich! It was so rich in fact that I actually couldn't eat much of it (though luckily my friends weren't lactose-intolerant at all). All in all, we had a really fun time, and I'd love to go again some day... But Hot Chocolate is just one of those restaurants where you'd go if you want to pamper yourself or a place where you'd like to take a date to. It's not a place that you can go everyday. After all, it's as I mentioned earlier, it has a classy and elegant atmosphere.Dessert for hipsters.  Pricey, trendy, random art and paintings on the wall, and a rude hostess, all what you can expect from a such a joint (or to speak the lingo, 'said dining establishment).  Despite all these negatives, I do not judge a book by its cover.  If a place is tasty, then I must give what it deserves.And it is tasty indeed!  The obvious choice to go with is the item it's named after.  It's pretty gourmet stuff.  Very rich, and very sweet, so if you're looking for that watered down taste you get with insta hot chocolate, then you better look somewhere else.  The hot chocolate alone can fill your sweet cravings.Dessert wise, we ordered the gourmet peanut butter cups and donuts.  The peanut butter cup is pretty good, you can taste the nutty goodness, but the donuts are awesome!  They are so soft it melts in your mouth.  The taste is just... so good it's hard to describe.  So go here and try it, just get ready to deal with hipsterville, unless that's your thing.I don't normally drink such heavy and creamy hot chocolate so I can't say that is a favorite aspect to this place...and although prices are a bit high I have to say the fact that the ingredients are so fresh I appreciate the menu selections for brunch. I have yet to order dessert or dinner at this trendy little spot in wickerpark...I have been a few times and think it's a great spot if you are looking to dine with just a few. Hard do large groups seeing that the wait is so long so early on.  I went to culinary school at Kendall college and have had the opportunity to assist the employees at Hot Chocolate and a food auction event last year and the staff is just so polite and professional. Also a bonus being a huge fan of Top Chef thought it was cool to see a former season 4 winner Stephanie Izard dining with her friends..I was being teased by my table that I should ask her for her autograph but I was too star struck! :-)After reading all the amazing reviews of Hot Chocolate, I was almost afraid that I would be disappointed.  Kinda like San Francisco - when I finally visited, I just didn't get the allure.  Plus, I'd had a hint of Mindy Segal's desserts with the bacon topping at Belly Shack and let's just say that it didn't leave me yearning for more.Anyway, we went there last week for a friend's birthday.  The birthday girl and I shared two entrees: the Lamb and Krema Casa and the Mac 'n Cheese.  They were the perfect combination for sharing - a protein with the richest, tasiest Mac n Cheese I've ever tried.  While I love cheese, an entire portion by myself may have been a bit too much, especially since the sole purpose of our trip was to try the much talked about desserts.  We again shared desserts: the Chocolate souffle tart with the Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup (minus the strawberry jelly, which doesn't belong with chocolate and peanut butter).  Both were to die for although chocolate and peanut butter will always win with me.The service was attentive and friendly.  I hinted early in the conversation that we were there for my friend's birthday, and the waitress put a candle in her dessert.  Our only compaint for the evening was the room was a bit warm.  Granted, it was nearly 90 degrees outside, but at times we had to fan ourselves to cool off.  In the winter, I won't be complaining...After some hype from KS, I found Hot Chocolate to be MEH. Not good, not bad. A-OK.We ordered Peaches & Blueberries and Chocolate #1. Neither were very memorable. The space is dimly lit, and seems to be a nice date location. I'd be willing to give Hot Chocolate another try... but I'm not expecting much.I still love Hot Chocolate, but have been back twice for lunch recently and have to say that the service is a bit slow at lunch....so, don't make this a spot you want to pop in to quickly - or, if you have to, definitely let your server know when you get there and I'm sure they will be happy to accommodate!The tuna melt - DIVINE!I can't resist the milk shakes....so, so, so good!Bittersweet.  I thought the portions were fine, I'm not sure what the other people were talking about (at least for brunch).  The wait wasn't bad the only problem was the hostess tried to seat our party at the bar on bar stools, which wouldn't have been an issue except that my friend is due February 7th and is visibly pregnant.  I'm not sure why the hostess would try to make an extremely pregnant woman sit at the bar on a bar stool.As for food, I had the OJ which was good (fresh-squeezed but with no pulp:(  ) and the brioche french toast with lemon curd and cherry compote and two small sausages.  The french toast was good but over-cooked and the sausages were tasty.  My friend had the shrimp and grits which I tasted and it was yummy and my other friend got the steak and eggs which he seemed to enjoy although the eggs were over easy and that's not what he would have prefered.  It should have been mentioned how the eggs would be prepared.  Also, the staff (restaurant) was not very accomodating, my friend mentioned a couple different options of getting an egg dish with just egg whites and that was not possible.I will probably come back, but I am not necessarily in a rush to do so.  I do, however, want to try the desserts.This may sound odd, but my favorite dish here has nothing to do with dessert. I love the OCTOPUS! The charred baby octopus appetizer is amazingly light, perfectly salted, and I have had nothing like it at the hundreds of Asian and Italian restaurants I have been to. It is by far the most under-rated item on the menu.The MEXICAN hot chocolate is also to die for... and the burger... and the mac and cheese... oh, everything is delish. TIP: They sell hot chocolate mix and cookies that make great house-warming gifts.I'm a huge brunch fan. Always have been, always will. I heard good things from some neighbors about Hot Chocolate, so my and my hubby headed there one Sunday morning. I was not impressed.I started off with a hot chocolate, and there are PLENTY to choose from. I went with the light. It came in a huge mug and was actually really good. The marshmallow made the drink. It's a huge, homemade marshmallow that just oozes sweetness. Yummy.We started out the the brunch breads. Nothing special here, just a basket of bread. It did tide me over as it took forever for the food to arrive. After a long wait to be seated, I was pretty hungry, so the bread filled me up, but was not especially good.I ordered the brioche french toast, but it was just OK. no wow factor. it was warm and gooey, but it was missing something. Not flavorful at all.There are tons of better brunch places in Bucktown/Wicker Park, and I'll be heading to those next time.Their hot chocolate, which is going to have to be on a high pedestal due to their namesake, is extraordinary. Well, at least all of the ones except the new butterscotch version, which is just too sweet unless you are going for sugar-cavity coating on your teeth.  I've had the pumpkernickel grill cheese and its delicious. For those vegetarians, there isn't much choice in the entree department. There is a multitude of cheeses and it comes on plates with dried fruits, bread, nuts, etc.  But even being a vegetarian, there are enough options to come here beside getting a main meal... go for the aforementioned grill cheese or the cheese plates.  And their cocktails, desserts and hot chocolate is good enough to go exclusively for it.Even thought it was packed on Thursday, as most nights, our service was superb. Very friendly and very approachable. We had a reservation, and were seated right away.  While I love the ambient surroundings, I would work on their sound level.  Maybe put some damping on the ceiling... as its Way too loud to have a normal conversation to the person across the small table.On a previous visit, I have has the Banana's and Butterscotch dessert.  The brioche bread pudding with butterscotch and cardamom cream was heaven on my tongue. Ok so I have no idea what heaven on tongue really means, but the phrase seemed fitting for the dish.The one negative that rubs me the wrong way is that they tack on a extra dollar or two if you want the hot chocolate to go. It's probably that they don't want to encourage carry-outs since they are always busy, but then why even offer to do carry-out hot chocolate in first place?This place was bustling and loud when we visited for Sunday lunch. I like that. The wait was about 35 minutes for two places at the bar. I like eating at the bar, it seems cozier, so this was great. I started off with a vanilla butterscotch hot chocolate that was amaaazing. Like liquid candy heaven. It's very, very sweet and rich so you'll want to sip slowly and savor. It's kind of like a melted down candybar! For my meal I got the buttermilk blueberry pancake. I thought it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about, though.Our service was very good - we were taken care of but left to ourselves just the right amount.Need a warm up from the city of wind's subzero temps? Grab a warm drink and load up on sweet yummies at Hot Chocolate.Try all the different hot chocolates. Try all the desserts.The only dessert so far I haven't been too happy with (but people seem to love) are the warm brioche doughnuts served with hot fudge and caramel popcorn. They're served as sticks, in a glass cup that's lined with the hot fudge on the bottom. The popcorn then surrounds the plate. Maybe it's the plating that doesn't work. Maybe it's because I've always been more of a beignet girl. Maybe it's because the popcorn seemed to be on the verge of getting stale. Maybe it was just an off night. But whatever it was, I actually love the doughnuts and dipping sauce component better at Old Town Social.My favorite hot chocolate is the Mexican (2/3 dark chocolate 1/3 milk and fresh cinnamon). The butterscotch is pretty good, too.Sweets are definitely their forte, but their dinner options are pretty good, too. Out of what I've tried I'd have to say get the hamburger or the duck. If you're planning on getting lots of dessert, opt for their smaller plates like their pork belly so you can feast on sweets!Overall though, I love this place. They got me at hello because the first time I walked in they had Common's 'Electric Circus' album bumping on their playlist. I think it was just meant to be from there.A perfect date night spot.Yeah, so the word is out about this place.... I have been twice for brunch, and both times, the food has just been okay.  The warm donuts are forgettable, and not as good as churros.  Skip!  The medium hot chocolate with the enormous homemade marshmallow is incredible, but so so rich... both times I've had a meal and hot chocolate here, I have left feeling SO full!  This place is pretty expensive (as most places are when some are drinking at brunch-- 4 meals, 3 hot chocolates, 3 alcoholic drinks for $130 before tax and tip.. yikers!), but my friend from FL loves it, so we keep going back when she is in town.Damn.  Double damn.  I've never had the hot chocolate.  Yet.It's hard to get to the hot chocolate stage.  Everything is so good, so spot on, so enticing that one doesn't reach the hot chocolate portion until it's too late--already too much good food and drink.  We've been to the restaurant twice lately.  Two different waiters--they could not be more helpful.  They know taste and they know how to ask you what you like.  Of course, they check to make sure that they correctly imagined what you would enjoy.  Every plate seems created by some genius, a harmony of ingredients.  Anything.  Literally.  Have anything.  You'll like it. Most recent selections, all recommended highly: beet salad (with salmon), smoked trout and baked alaska (with an interesting spin).  Each had the freshest ingredients and truest taste.I think I'll just drive by, walk in and order a hot chocolate.  That should be fun, trying to decide which of the several is the best.My Dinner Menu:Mussels starter - really, really good, and I drank that broth like it was soup. However, the portion was a little on the huge side. Now, usually people don't complain about having too much food, but it was intended to be a starter, and presumably for one person, and there must have been at least 2 dozen mussels. So my issue definitely isn't with the flavors, just a pang of guilt at wasting food.Steak - perfectly tasty, but nothing too creative. I will say that the hollandaise was the best I've ever had.I was super stuffed after all of that, but I couldn't leave without some hot chocolate. Out in the burbs by me there's a place where all they do is hot chocolate, so I found this cup to be about equal. But that could just be the fact that I was extremely full, and couldn't enjoy it as much as I might some other time. The homemade marshmallow however, was phenomenal, and by far the best marshmallow I've ever eaten. I kept having visions of snatching it off the counter and finding a bonfire somewhere to make the best s'mores ever.My service experience was excellent. Since I was flying solo, I sat at the bar, and got the pleasure of the bartenders' service. They were helpful, friendly, funny, (one had a very cute butt :P) and everything a good server should be.Yummy brunch place!  Warning: while delicious, the hot chocolate is very rich and very filling.  (Though a housemade marshmallow is hard to pass up)... The first time I went, I could barely eat my food when it came - and I am a GOOD eater.  Haha.  The second time I did their coffee/espresso and was much happier.  Plus, that was delicious, too.  First time i got the pork belly dish - which was very good, I was just full, as you know.  This recent time I got the "healthy" looking dish that had egg whites and avocado, and it was really really good.  Like, I might get it again next time I go. Oh - come RIGHT when they open at 10am - maybe five min before - and have your whole party with you.  Otherwise you'll have quite the wait - they don't take reservations. (Side note, the staff gets very snotty/snippy about this.  I realize they're running a business and have a system, but you can still be "warm" while enforcing a system.)HAWT CHOCOLATE...the name drips off the tongue.I'd been here before for desert and coffee - its was amazing and I thought that desert is what Hot Chocolate was all about. DON"T make that mistake because in addition to a delectable desert menu the dinner selection is just downright ridiculous.On my return expedition my friend and I started with mussels and then moved on to split the pork chop special with horseradish and cous cous, the Kobe steak, AND shrimp and grits. YES...it was difficult to move afterward but being crippled by food has never been so enjoyable. I even saved room for desert somehow, fortunately the portions are just right  so it is not hard to fit a lot of flavor into one visit.Let me first get the negative point out of the way... The tables near the wall are set too close... too close for comfort. I understand the want to maximize on the number of tables to seat as many as they possibly can, but I almost felt like I was a part of the ladies' gang seated next to me and my husband. Now, the positives. The best Mac n cheese EVER!! The options for vegetarians are limited but since the highlight is the dessert I don't complain. They have a pappardelle dish, which is a-ok. The salad was decent too. For the dessert, you must try the warm brioche doughnuts with the hot chocolate fudge. Although I would've wanted to have more than one dessert for myself, the portion size is pretty large and you tend to get full after just one. My husband ordered the seasonal special, uhmm... Alaskan something... which was great and light for a summer night.Based on the other reviews I've read, I really wanted to love Hot Chocolate, but our recent "date night" dessert excursion  to Hot Chocolate left something to be desired. There was an approx. 20 min. wait, but we were expecting it and hoping that it would be more than worth it.First, our experience was slightly rushed and uncomfortable.  We were seated in the lounge area at the very front of the restaurant. In this area, there is bench like seating with very small round tables.....the seating areas are only made for two. So, this extremely rude and obnoxious foursome  came and sat at our table while they were waiting to be seated. One of the men was sitting so close to my husband that their knees were almost touching. Hot Chocolate's staff noticed the situation and were making strange faces at the group, but no one asked to them to move. They finally got the picture that it was about to turn ugly when one of them men tried o make small talk with my husband, so they finally moved. The hot chocolate was very good and enough for hubby and I to share.We also had the Chocolate souffle cake and the doughnuts. The souffle tasted good, but the bottom layer of the cake was hardened....maybe overcooked. The doughnuts were pretty good. For some reason, both of us left feeling like Hot Chocolate didn't live up to the hype and now that we've gotten it out of our system, we don't have to go back. I think we can get just as good dessert from some restaurants without the added hoopla.Maybe we'll try it again, but eat dinner there and stay for dessert.One of a kind.  Hot Chocolate is the perfect place to take a friend who's visiting the city, or to go for a small bite and slow cocktail with someone sexy.  Warmth and friendly chatter eminate from this place, and make you want to stay for dessert...which you should absolutely do.  If you drop in, you must try the hot chocolate with house-made marshmallows.  Call far in advance to make reservations, or just drop in and try your luck in the lounge.  If it's too crowded, or if your table isn't quite ready, then don't be shy about cruising next door to Bluebird while you wait!Let's get my only complaints out of the way: the painting in the men's bathroom is creepy and sometimes, the service is a bit iffy.But the food! So good. The burger is a great deal and I've had some of the freshest salads I've ever eaten here. I don't think we've ever been disappointed by a dish here.Of course, the main reason to come here is the hot chocolate - and they are wonderful. I don't like marshmallows and I'd eat the ones here till I needed gastric bypass. The other desserts here are good, but not as great as what some of the other pastry chefs in Chicago are doing, I recommend sticking to the hot chocolate.Also, try the "Only Martini" - fantastic.Black and Tan anyone?  Yes, I do believe I'd like that nectar of heaven in my mouth.  It was like I was drinking a milk chocolate bar, not just any old candy bar, the most perfectly sweetened milk chocolate bar made by the cocoa gods themselves.  The black and tan is hot milk chocolate with fudge on the bottom - what can be better than that? NOTHING.For breakfast my friend and I split the Chilequiles and the Apple Pancake - the pancake dish was the winner by far.  It was cake like and had caramelized apples - it was really good.  I will say that after my black and tan I had my fill of sweets, but I took some bites of the pancake b/c it was that good.  The chilequiles needed some help, like flavor help.  It needed to be spicier, it was a bit dry, and maybe a tad bit more salt.  If I was rating that alone it would be a 2-star review.  Luckily for chile - black and tan carried this place on to 4 stars.Alright, now that I've tried their savory food in addition to their dessert, I'm upping it one star.  We went in for lunch and split the burger and the mac and cheese.  Yummo.  The burger is really very good.  The cheese on it is amazing, and it comes with a little bottle of awesome horseradish mustard.  The mac and cheese isn't the best I've had, but it's good, by all means.  The reason it can't get 4 stars is the awful service.  At lunch time we were there for and hour and a half, despite ordering as soon as the server came over.  She was the least attentive server imaginable, taking 10 minutes to come by at first, and then the maximum amount of time to bring our order and our check.  She never apologized for the wait, never smiled, never asked if we wanted a second round of beer, and didn't offer to box our mac and cheese.  From other reviews it sounds like poor service is the norm there, so be forewarned and don't go if you're in a hurry.This is a fantastic place for dessert while the food itself wasn't all that impressive.We had a 6:30 reservation and were seated right away.  I loved the decor, exposed brick, dim lighting, urban chic. Wasn't a fan of sitting with fellow patrons. Your pretty cozy with your neighbors and can't help to eavesdrop on the conversations going on around you. Started with the pretzel appetizer served with a cheesy mustard sauce which was good, but I've had better at less fancy establishments. My friend and I both had salads, I opted for the Cesar that was overdressed and lukewarm. Portions were just right for us, although some may say they're small. Thank goodness we saved room for dessert, the Peanut Butter Marjoliane dessert was ah-mazing! It was a peanut butter meringue, with milk chocolate and buttercream served w/a fudgesicle pop. I also ordered the peppermint hot chocolate which was served with an extra large marshmallow. It was VERY sweet and rich, I forced myself to drink about a quarter of it. My friend had the half & half and she thought the same. A bit pricey for desserts while entrees were probably status quo for the area.Our server was lovely and we were not rushed in the least bit even though the place was packed. Next time I'd skip dinner and just come for dessert, after all, it is a "dessert bar".I would give 3.5 Stars.After experiencing a lot of Max Brenner in New York, we wanted to find a substitute in Chicago, where we will live for at least 4 more years.  We found out about this place, tried, and were a bit disappointed.  It seemed like the pastry chef was really famous with James Beard Award and stuff, but I wasn't impressed.  The Beignet dessert and the souffle-like desserts were good, but not great.  Their hot chocolate was just ok.  I liked the ambience (it felt like we were at Max Brenner, sort of), but it wasn't comparable to max brenner.This place is amazing. We keep coming back here like moths to a flame.I absolutely hate drinking hot chocolate. I have never finished a cup in my whole life. Until I found this place. I would probably walk around with it in one of those 7-11 Big Gulp cups if I had a hair less self control. It's just that good. Hot or cold, the medium hot chocolate (but I'm sure any of them are amazing). And served with a homemade marshmallow, which honestly seems like it is made from the clouds it is so delicious.We just had brunch here for the first time (we first visited on a Chicago Food Planet tour, then a few times just to stop in grab-and-go since there were no tables), and it was spectacular. They don't take reservations, but we got there right before 10 and were seated right away (on a Saturday). So many unique options on the menu, it was hard to pick one thing. We shared the donuts, which were great, and I had a scramble with cauliflower and broccoli. Fantastic.The atmosphere is fresh and fun, the staff is friendly. We love Hot Chocolate, wish they would open a few more! (One in the suburbs maybe?)The taste-- Good indeed... BUTOK, Mindy's is indeed an innovative idea. It has an entire side of menu reserved for hot chocolates and desserts.HOT CHOCOLATE: Well, I just don't see how one can possibly finish that much of melted chocolate and fat and butter all in one meal/ pre-meal. The mug that holds the hot choc is huge. Think a wide Italian coffee mug. Then there is a huge squared marshmellow to add to your calorie counts.My (guy) friends and I all had to take half of the dessert back home FOOD: I always prefer an entree sized salad to fresh it up if I plan to go big on dessert. yet Mindy's doesn't offer that option. The only salad besides ye olde Cesar was tiny and commonplace.Brunch review: finally found a hot chocolate that works for me and isn't too sweet - half and half!The brioche french toast was yummy and the veggie scramble my friend got was really good too. what was exceptionally good was the toast and potatoes!I really like Hot Chocolate.  The service is always top-notch, the ambiance is great and I like the atmosphere too.  It's a 'fine dining' menu, with an atmosphere that everyone can appreciate.The Hot Chocolate is amazing, and I'm a huge fan of their brunch.  I went for dinner this past week, and of the meals I've had there- it was the one that I said "well that was Good" but I've had just as good of a burger elsewhere.  The desserts and the brunch are where it's at.  (stomach growls)On the dinner menu I'd highly recommend the Asparagus with the Onion Dip and kettle chips.  The Asparagus was the best I've ever had (char grilled).  Make sure you make a reservation...it's always busy and there is limited space to wait.I have never experienced such an attentive waiter like my husband and I did at Hot Chocolate.  We decided to try this place out for several reasons: 1) One of the most reviewed restaurants in Chicago on Yelp. 2) Noticed that this place was ranked #7 for burgers according to chicagoburgerbible.com. 3) We found a $25 off coupon on restaurant.com (paid $6 for it). 4) I am totally a Choco-holic.So off we went excited to try this place out.  I made reservations in advance in case we would have to wait.  But fortunately on the Tuesday night we went, there were plenty of seats available.  Our waiter was awesome!  I don't think we ever got his name, but he was so informative about the menu.  He told us what was most popular as well as his favorites.  He gave us great recommendations.That night we started off with 2 big soft pretzels for appetizers.  It came with a cheese dipping sauce that was wonderful, and for our main course we obviously both tried the burger.  My husband got his with an egg and mine without.  I would do the egg next time because his was good!  When our food arrived, the burgers were gi-normous.  I like how instead of french fries, our meal came with potato chips.  It made the meal a lot lighter and more focused on the burger.  For dessert, they have an awesome selection but we stuck to trying their famous hot chocolate.  I ordered mine medium and my husband got the Mexican hot chocolate.  My husband couldn't really taste the difference, but I thought the Mexican hot chocolate was lighter. Because we had a 3 course meal, they had very attentive bus-men who would come clear our table after each course, pour our waters to make sure our glasses were filled, and added new silverware each change.  It was such an amazing experience for an decently priced place. The next time I ever go back to Chicago, I'm definitely going to come back and sample their desert!Went there for desserts. They have awesome desserts, and love the hot chocolate. Not a fan of dark chocolate so I ordered the normal classic hot chocolate. Warning: its thick and don't mix the whole marshmallow without trying it first because it may be too sweet for some people. Ordered two desserts, both are good!The two of us have been here a couple of times now and enjoyed it each time. Great service, excellent food. It all tastes so fresh.Best thing on the menu...the mac and cheese. Have it.The roasted chicken was great too. they warned us of the wait for them to prepare it and it does take a little bit of time but the seasoning and the sauce as well as the chicken itself were delicious. The chicken was super fresh...worth the wait. Finished it with the black and tan hotchocolate. didn't get extra marshmallows but wish that i had. It was fantastic. very chocolatey and the marshmallows melted just perfectly. Again, the marshmallows too..very very fresh.The spiced cider cocktail my wife got was good too. very gingery and she loved it. And the beet salad was a perfect portion of food and deliciousness. I'm sure we'll be back again. this is my first review and i'm writing it from my wife's account just because we enjoyed the food so much and I really wanted to review it for others benefit. peace in the middle east, ciao.This place is fantastic. Everything is made in house. One criticism: Sometimes they try to do too much and don't execute perfectly (bad milk in my cappuccino once, somewhat slow service.). But really, this is one of the best places for a great dining experience in the city.Wow, The ambiance was totally chill, great service, they have cozy couches by the front window, strange wood carvings and a full bar! Great place for a date, or to meetup before/after/during an evening out on the town! There were 4 of us, and we each tried a desert, and I also had an Iced White Mocha, which wasnt on the menu, but they had no problems making it for me. The deserts were great but I have to say the real gem here is the mac and cheese.... Mac and cheese usually doesnt do it for me, but Oh my goodness.... MACARONI & CHEESE (from their website menu)elbow macaroni and a creamy cheese sauce made withRothkase gruyere and Carr Valley mammoth cheddarThis stuff was soooo good, heck I'd fly back just for this dish alone! YUM!With Hot Chocolate's burger making numerous Best Burger lists, I had to try it myself and see what all the hubbub was about.  Was it good?  Definitely.  Was it the best in Chicago?  Debatable.  I enjoy my burgers cooked to a nice medium.  On this night my burger came out medium-well, rendering it a tad dry.  Fortunately, the bacon, aged cheddar, and fried egg were there to save the day ;)  The burger is definitely  a winner on many levels, I just hope it's cooked spot on next time.  When it comes to taste and value, my burger "king" is still Kuma's Corner.  Dessert was on the cusp of a full chocolate overload, even for a chocolate fanatic like myself.  The Black and Tan was fantastic and the homemade marshmallows are a nice treat.  I do recommend working on the black and tan with a spoon so you can get a little fudge and a little hot chocolate at the same time.  If you drink it straight up you may be left trying to drink/scoop a thick layer of fudge from the bottom of the glass...not that there's anything wrong with that!I always tell people "go to hot chocolate, but don't get the hot chocolate!" I love to order a variety of their appetizers to split & a glass of their prosecco. mmmm. the housemade pretzels, the mussels, the cheeseboard! This way, you're saving your money to splurge on dessert...and make sure you do not split that. You'll want it all to yourself!I can't stress enough how much I LOVE Mindy's Hot Chocolate. Whenever my girls and I are in the mood for somewhere "fancy" for just desserts, we always head to Hot Chocolate. Beware, Fridays and Saturdays are a pain in the ass to get a table, not to mention how crowded it gets! Kinda kills the mood but hey, this place is popular. Only had soup from here off their dinner menu. Otherwise, I stick to just dessert. Their churros are to-die for. The chocolate that comes with reminded me of being back in Spain. Plus the caramel popcorn you get on the side is a nice treat. They had this apple fritter "pizza" type dessert once that was refreshing and so good. I like that they alternate their menu according to season. The wait staff is top-notch. They all really know their stuff and are attentive without being pushy. If you get a chance to sit at the bar, that's my favorite. The bartenders are really wonderful. Went one night during the week to tell a good friend of mine that I was engaged, and we ordered champagne to celebrate. The bartender comped my glass! I love little things like that. Makes the experience more personal and warm. To sum it up:1. Make a reservation. No joke.2. Avoid Friday & Saturday nights3. Be prepared to spend some $$ if you order a full 3 course meal with drinks.4. The staff is excellent and helpful, so ask!5. Perfect date spot, however, things get crowded and loud. Come here on a breezy weekday evening for something a little more subdued.Brunch heaven! Cute cafe, great service, delicious breakfast foods!!Two friends and I were seated right after at 12:30 on a Saturday...we had good timing too, because after us, suddenly the cafe got very full and a line started forming. We ordered the medium hot chocolate, the dark and tan, and I ordered the dark hot chocolate. The drinks were amazing! The medium comes with caramel, the dark and tan came with fudge, and mine was 72% dark chocolate. It was like drinking liquid chocolate, but not overwhelmingly sweet. The homemade marshmallow melted in cute swirls in the hot cocoa.For food, we ordered:1) the doughnuts with raspberry jam: hot doughy goodness! Slighty sweet with the sugar, ever so slightly tart with the raspberry jam2) the fruit salad: the server was awesome here, I requested a smaller one than the full size salad if they had one, he obliged and gave us a half portion; the fruit here wasn't very fresh though, I don't suggest ordering it3) Housemade Brioche French Toast with organic sausage: The French toast was amazing. The lemon butter (it's not tangy at all, very sweet and creamy) and the syrup and the hot, soft but firm toast pieces were such comfort food. The portions were huge! I could only finish one half slice out of four half slices. The organic sausage was kind of dry (not juicy and tender).4) Ham - It's a ham sandwich on ciabatta bread with pesto sauce and a fried egg. The sandwich was huge but very very tasty. I would definitely recommend this if you're hungry and want a large, satisfying sandwich.5) Cheddar Melt - This comes on pumperknickel, an interesting choice.  Also comes with a shot of tomato soup. I didn't try any, but my friend loved it, and ate up every last bit of her sandwich and soup.6) Side of scrambled eggs - Hearty, not overly salty, not oily. Large portion.The cookies here looked amazing in the display cases. Unfortunately, by the time we were done with our gigantic meals (which we couldn't finish, of course), we were too stuffed to even fathom a cookie. But I want to try the nutterbutter, and the cookie with the lime and raspberry filling. Mmm.Our waiter was extremely attentive and made sure to check in with us when our main dishes were a little slow to arrive. Great experience! A definite recommend for brunch. The place is also very cute with dendrobium orchids, round mirrors, and lots of natural lighting. And a very extensive looking bar that you can stare at.After hearing rave reviews about Hot Chocolate for 2 years, finally opted to give it a shot. The servers were pleasant, food was quickly delivered, food taste was average. The drinks are over the top, Cold Chocolate milk with a little alcohol was more expensive then my sandwich. At least I can say that I have been to it. Did enjoy the portion size of the desserts.BAD = Hot chocolate for take out is $7Good = Everything else.I stopped by to pick up a hot chocolate the other day. If I had a list of the top 10 hot chocolates of my life, this would probably be up there.I got the Mexican hot chocolate. It was the perfect temperature, perfectly chocolatey, perfectly spiced with cinnamon and was served with a cube of marshmallow on top.I definitely see this as a great after-dinner place to go if you don't feel like drinking, but also don't feel like going to Starbucks.I think the four star average is just about right. Atmosphere, 5 stars: This place is super romantic. The low-lighting, mirrored walls and candles ooze with sensuality that comes out in the desserts and hot drinks. Service, 3 stars: We were there on a Sunday with a mostly empty restaurant, but still stood inside the doors for a good 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged our presence. I think it may have been a mistake to have only one real server for the whole restaurant, too. At the beginning of our meal, it was fine since the place was empty, but as it began to fill, we saw less and less of our server and had to flag down people to get our water bottle refilled. The service we did get was friendly, though, so maybe it was an off night. Food, 4 stars: We asked for recommendations, and while all the food we ordered was good, we also specifically asked to make sure it wasn't a lot so we'd have room for  dessert. Apparently, the server was more interested in our check size than our happiness with the meal. We ordered two hot chocolates (chai and medium) which randomly came in the middle of the second course after we'd asked about them earlier. The chai was okay, but the medium was actually our favorite of the two. The homemade marshmallows on the side are soft and sweet, melting perfectly in the rich chocolate if that's your method (it's definitely mine). The pretzel appetizers were incredibly tasty with a smelly, but tasty fondue cheese and a sweet and tangy mustard dipping sauces. We then split the mushroom salad which was good, but could have used a bit more of the delicious, grilled mushrooms in the salad name. We shared the roasted half chicken (great) and the macaroni and cheese side dish (skip it, very creamy, but almost soupy), which was tasty, but at this point, we were holding our stomaches and didn't finish in the interest of sharing a dessert. The peanut butter cup dessert was everything we dreamed it would be, and was remarkably light and not too heavy on the peanut butter flavor as many of these types of desserts can be. Dessert is definitely where Hot Chocolate shines, so on my next trip, I may skip the entrees and just have some of those amazing pretzels and as many items from the dessert menu as possible. Overall, a satisfying, four star experience. I see a future as a favorite date night dessert spot.I really like eating bruch here. The food is very good. There is often a wait for a table but never for the bar which is, in many ways, superior anyhow. However, when sitting at the bar, I always have to brace myself to be confused with the ex girlfriend of the person I'm with by the bartender. It makes me extremely uncomfortable. A word of advice: be EXTREMELY careful when being familiar with your customers. You never know what you might be wrong about and what you may be implying/revealing. I usually just go along with it though - I guess I'm interchangeable? Conclusion: food = good service = good, but misguidedI came here solely for hot chocolate and dessert. It's on the pricey side, but the dessert (whichever one involved the chocolate, pretzel, and salty caramel ice cream) was delicious and the Mexican hot chocolate was a little too thick and rich for me, but I'm definitely gonna make my way back to have a dark hot chocolate and try a different dessert.The music was good as well!Everything is good about this place - Ambience, food, drinks, service. Although they also have an upscale menu, I'd heard about their burgers through Chicago Magazine - I ordered the Hamburger (really a cheeseburger with Widmer 4 year old aged cheddar melt) and threw in the fried egg option which was definitely a good idea. The burgers are served juicy and succulent on a  perfectly toasted bun. Ambience and noise level were fine as well. We sat at the bar because it was crowded but the acoustics are fine despite being a packed restaurant.I love Chicago because it has places like this.  Nuff said (but keep reading for details why)!This place was the busiest place in Wicker Park on a Thursday night.  I kind of wish it had a slightly quieter, more intimate feel but this can be solved by not sitting in the middle of all the clamoring dishes and tables places too closed together (can you say claustrophobia?).  Sit near the window in the corner where you can get the coffeehouse feel but still enjoy the ambiance of such a trendy place.   The chocolate/espresso combos are tasty.  I love the use of dark chocolate and the big hunk of marshmallow that it comes with is pretty fun to dunk.  I, myself not being a sweets person went for a nice, mild VANILLA BEAN MILKSHAKE and it was definitely the classiest milkshake I've ever had!  It comes out on this tiny tray in what would be a mojito glass in any other place in Wicker Park, with a tiny cream cup, and two thin cookies for dipping in your froth.  Double points for using unsweetened whipped cream.  Definitely fun to drink!Cute place. I ordered a light hot chocolate and a small choc. chip cookie. Hot chocolate was overly sweet and sugary. I ended up throwing most of it away because it was undrinkable. The cookie was ok.Maybe the dark chocolate would've been better? I don't know.Stopped in for a hot chocolate and a couple cookies....sure the hot chocolate is good but it's rich.  Remember Starbucks' Chantico?  Essentially the same thing except they probably thin it out a LITTLE.Will have to stop in again for a full meal.It's delicious in here -- both inside and for your insides.We went here for dessert and some hot chocolate. Having never been here before, I was interested. We three of us split the pretzels appetizer (GREAT mustard butter), the Chocolate #1, the Ode to Whatchamacalit and the S'Mores. We then had a Medium and Mexican hot chocolate.Overall, the experience was lovely. The bartender Jimmy (as we sat the bar, otherwise a 40-minute wait on a Sunday night!) was very interested in getting to know our names and remembered us the entire night. The hot chocolate is amazing and I can also say the desserts were quite nice. I wasn't a huge fan of the S'mores, but the cracker crust was incredible. It was just a little too sweet. The other two were great and I much preferred.(Jimmy kept pushing the pears. Maybe next time.)It's totally worth it.Word of advise - do not start your meal with their signature hot chocolate! That's what I did and I felt slightly sick through the whole rest of the meal.Don't get me wrong -  it's amazing hot chocolate. I had the light hot chocolate which is rich and creamy and well ... rich. It is so rich and sweet, it's like soup. I know it has been reviewed as such before but this is really the best way to describe it. So after my sugar level went up so high that I wanted to go for a run around the block, dinner was served.We started with the famous mac and cheese which we shared as a starter. As a European I don't get the whole obsession with mac and cheese in America. This mac and cheese was certainly not bad but for me it was just a bit bland and too starchy but then - I never had mac and cheese which I didn't find bland so I might not be the best judge for that. I'd put some broccoli, parsley and bacon bits in there and voila - you have yourself a real meal.I had the burger as an entree. My burger was a bit undercooked but not bad. It was served on a pretzel roll which was a huge plus because I love pretzel rolls. It came with fresh, home-made chips which were incredibly tasty. I normally avoid home-made chips because they usually are too hard for me (I once cracked a tooth on some really hard bruschetta and since then am paranoid about eating hard food) - these were thin and crispy and not hard on your teeth at all.I also had a bite of the lamb sausage sandwich and it was really good.We shared the dessert - the Chocolate #1 which is chocolate soufflé with salted caramel ice cream. As expected the dessert was deliciously decadent but luckily not as sweet as the hot chocolate. I also loved the atmosphere. It's a cute and stylish place. They have a very good drinks selection with the Belgian Westmalle Dubbel, a fantastic Italian white from San Gimigniano and a Gruener Veltliner from the Wachau in Austria and some tasty looking cocktails.I think I would have enjoyed the experience a whole lot more if I wouldn't have started the evening with the hot chocolate though - so keep that in mind when making your way to Hot Chocolate because the food and atmosphere are definitely worth it!On one of our mission to find a good dessert place in town, we tried this place.   We just happened to try this place on a Friday night with no reservation. This place was packed!Ambiance is great, with a good mix of crowd.  Their desserts are tasty but very modest on portion.So I've been to Hot Chocolate a couple times. The first time was pretty dope. We split the burger (with farm fresh egg, of course) and the tuna melt. The tuna melt was quite good, the baguette was nice and crusty and made the sandwich. The burger was nice. Cooked right, and tasty. Not much to complain about. We topped it off with the dark hot chocolate which was decadent. My wife killed most of it. Our second visit was just for dessert. We mostly all got shakes and found them to be a bit too sweet. The cookies were also just ok. I'd come back the burger and some non shakey desserts.Oh Hot Chocolate...I really wanted to like you more than I actually do.I've been here twice, once for just dessert and another time for dinner/dessert.The first time I went here was with a few friends.  We came here for just desserts about 2 years ago.  I can honestly say that the desserts we had was nothing memorable, that's why I waited to write this review until I went back to try it again for the full dining experience.My husband and I went here for dinner/dessert about a month ago.  We made reservations in advance since we knew how busy it gets.  The atmosphere is nice, but very dark...so dark that we had to use the candle on the table to read the menu.  We decided to order:- cheddar biscuits:  these were good, but very dense and dry.  the butter it came with helped add moisture to them.-  mac and cheese:  hands down the best mac and cheese we've ever had in our life.  This was a good portion size for two people as well.  I know a lot of places claim to have amazing mac and cheese...but no lie, this was pretty damn amazing!- fried chicken, which was their special for the night:  this was bland.  the chicken was not season, nor was the breading.  the chicken was moist, however...but this dish was very disappointing.also, our table was not big enough to hold 1 entree, a side, and two dinner plates, we were very crammed.For dessert we ordered the doughnuts after reading many reviews on how the doughnuts were a must have.  Boy oh boy was this the MOST DISAPPOINTING thing we ordered.  The doughnuts were super dense and dry with absolutely no flavor, on the side they give you caramel popcorn....the caramel on the popcorn was burnt, it tasted burnt and it looked burnt.  When we brought this to the attention to the waitress, the manager came over to find out what was wrong and so we told him.  He defended the burnt caramel saying that it is suppose to taste burnt.  Now, I don't know what you think, but caramel isn't suppose to be burnt on purpose.  In any case, he offered us a cup of hot chocolate instead of the doughnuts.  We thought, "how could they mess this up??"  right??....wrong.  the best thing about the hot chocolate was the homemade marshmallow, the hot chocolate itself was super thick and unbelievably sweet.The only reason I decided to give this place 3 stars is because the waitress was great and so was the mac and cheese...other than that, we will not be dining here again nor recommending it to anyone.This place is always amazing! I love the ground lamb, the cookies, and of course the hot chocolate! Definitely a best in Wicker Park.I had really high hopes for this place, and it really just did not live up to them.  First things first, EXTREMELY overpriced.  Yeesh!  I ended up splitting the burger with a friend and getting a hot cocoa and still ended up paying $20.  The entrees simply aren't worth the cost.Things that were good:Presentation - excellent and appealing to look atFresh Hot Pretzels - YUMMexican Hot Chocolate - delicious!However, I will not be returning - service was bad and just did not live up to the hype.My coworker and I were really looking forward to coming here after looking at the menu and reading some other yelpers' reviews, so I was a tiny bit disappointed by my experience at Hot Chocolate. The food was very good, but the atmosphere and service detracted somewhat. The (early-30ish, male) waiter started off on a bad foot with me because he kept referring to me (late 20s) and my (60-year-old) coworker as "the girls" ("What are the girls having?" "Are the girls ready to order?" etc.) He finally knocked it off when I mirrored it back to him: "Yes, 'the girls' are ready to order, thank you!" It just sounded condescending and cheesy, and unnecessary. He improved over time by making good suggestions and comments on what we were ordering, at least, though he did disappear at the end when we wanted to get the check.The atmosphere was dark and loud, and got darker and louder as the meal progressed (they kept turning the music up and the lights down). By the end I was leaning across the table to hear what my dining companion was saying. We were sitting at the row of small tables that line one wall; I can't imagine how the people sitting in the middle of the room could hear anything, caught as they were between the smaller tables and the bar. If the food had been bad, this meal would have been a futile exercise, but it made it worthwhile. We both had the macaroni and cheese, which comes in individual casseroles. Below the bubbly baked brown top reposes elbow macaroni bathed in the creamy cheese sauce of your dreams. (another negative, though: no salt and pepper on the table; I would have liked to add pepper to mine, as is my wont with macaroni and cheese -- it would have nicely offset the insanely creamy sauce. Yeah, I could have tried to flag down Mr. Condescension, but by then the mac would have been cold. I'm sure having shakers on the table would ruin the aesthetic, but come on, this is still a restaurant. How about those mini glass cube kind that you get in first class?)Anyway, dessert was another level of decadence. My coworker ordered the brioche donuts (thanks to yelpers, she knew to ask for the fresh raspberry preserves in addition to the standard hot fudge sauce), and I got the vanilla bean milkshake. The shake came in a tall, skinny glass (kind of a skimpy serving, I felt, but then, I suppose I'm more used to the fountain-glass size from Steak 'n' Shake and the like), but the flavor was intensely vanilla-y. So often vanilla shakes are bland and blah, but this really had that vanilla essence to it. It came with a couple of cookies (rugelach and Brussels-type), which were serviceable but nothing special. Frankly, I'd have preferred a larger shake and skip the cookies.I tried the donuts as well, which were warm and sugar-dusted; very tasty, though to me donuts say breakfast more than dessert, I guess. The raspberry preserves were excellent, with a real tang to them (nothing like the sugar-laden store-bought stuff), and the hot fudge sauce was rich and beautifully glossy; I got it all over my hand and couldn't resist licking it off. For some reason the donuts also came with homemade caramel corn, which, while tasty, didn't seem to go with the donuts or the supplementary flavors (hot fudge & raspberry).The food would bring me back to Hot Chocolate, but the self-conscious setting with the dim lights and loud music is a bit of a put-off. One thing I love about Chicago, though: at different points in the meal, people at tables on both sides of us turned to ask about something we'd ordered, and we had friendly little conversations with them. Where I lived before (Dallas), that sort of thing did not happen; you had to pretend you were the only one in the restaurant. So it was kind of fun to mingle in that way (not that you could help it: the tables against the wall were fitted so closely together that you are nearly elbow to elbow with people, so you might as well become friends!)This is a great example of a place I never would have found if not for someone's suggestion.  The inside is really cool and comfortable.  Others started with martinis that they loved.  Get the mac and cheese.  Just do it.  it's a reasonable size for an appetizer.  It's also the best mac and cheese I've ever had.  I'm salivating thinking about it.  Next I had a hamburger, it was so tasty and perfectly cooked.  To top things off I had a hot chocolate.  It was good, but too rich for me, I would try another dessert next time - but the hot chocolates are gold for the chocoholics on yelp..Just go to Hot Chocolate - you won't regret it!5 stars for the drinks, 2 stars for the food.The chocolate drinks here are amazing.The food, not so much. I had the bacon burger everyone was raving about and I was not impressed at all. I can make better burgers at home anytime. The burger at Hot Chocolate seemed very over seasoned (way too salty) and the meat seemed kind of mushy and pasty in the middle. Not good.. My girlfriend had the macaroni and cheese. It was very rich and cheesy (good thing) but in the end it was too salty as well. I will update this review when I return to try dessert. Hopefully I can bump up the rating to 4 stars then.So my sister and I came from Oak Park to go to Hot Chocolate for brunch.We were seated immediately at the bar, it was pretty packed at 11 a.m. on a Saturday.  We eyed the Bellini and the mimosa, the Bellini was pink and tasted a bit like grapefruit and the mimosa was heavy on the champagne and light on the oj, just how we like it!  (the mimoa and bellini are $9 each)We decided to split to breakfast plates.  We ordered the Cheddar Melt, with 6 year aged Havarti Cheddar and pumpernickel bread with a shot of roasted tomato soup ($9).  Honestly, I could eat an entire bowl of that soup, it was awesome.  Then we moved onto the buttermilk biscuit. mounds of egg covered in cheddar and a nicely grilled slice of lean sausage on top of a buttery divine thing they like to call a biscuit (9).  The service honestly couldn't have been better and the bartender who served us couldn't be happier to be doing his job, he was very sweet.  A $50 breakfast, but when the food is high quality and the atmosphere is beautiful, thats what you pay for! :)In short, dinner = ok, dessert = YUMI had always wanted to try this place and after getting a restaurant.com coupon, it was a go. I was in the mood for lamb and therefore had the Lamb Krema Kasa which was a bit on the oily side but still good. And as with our waitress's suggestion, my friend had the burger +egg and was very satisfied. The main highlight of our meal however was, DESSERT! I mean, how could you go wrong with dessert at a place called "Hot Chocolate"? I had the ever so popular Chocolate #1: the combination of the warm souffle and salted caramel ice cream was amazing. I tried my friend's creme brulee which was good, but if you're going for dessert, get the Chocolate #1, it's #1 for a reason...Love! I've been here a handful of times and had great experiences every time. In my hood it's very convenient, only downfall is they're packed all the time!! I've had the mussels, pretzel (I'd order something else), pork belly salad (what could be better!), mac and cheese, the hamburger, and the winner winner for me is the lamb Krema kasa this sandwich/wrap is sooo good my mouth is watering just thinking about it. My favorite combo to get here is the mussels, lamb Krema Kasa, and the donuts. I don't love caramel corn which comes with the donuts, maybe next time I'll ask to swap it for more fried dough. Good value on wines as well. If you're going on the weekend make a reservation.580+ reviews can't be wrong. I was skeptical but quickly proven wrong that this place was all just hype. Came on a whim with a friend a couple weeks ago and I am still having night mares (actually more like dreams of this place but nightmares because dreaming about it and not actually fulfilling my craving definitely counts for it many tortured sleepless nights).  We came on a Sunday evening at almost 5 on the dot without reservations and got in without a problem. What was only 2 tables occupied quickly became 75% full by the end of our stay. I can see how this place can be hard to get in without reservations after 6pm! Now lets get to the food. Mac n cheese- a must get. As the menu clearly lables it deserving a category of its own, they weren't kidding! With so many yummy choices we decided to split the mac n cheese as an appetizer and order  2 other entrees. Between the two of us we had the tuna sandwich and a cheddar patty along with a lemon/berry something for desert by suggestion of our lovely and attentive server. Great sides and the mac n cheese ended up being  great as an appetizer as it is super rich and just the right amount to be shared with someone.  My mouth is watering as we speak.Definitely need to be going back to try some of the actual hot chocolate!Hot Chocolate anyone??  The name of this restaurant can throw some people off.  They serve so many things besides hot chocolate although dessert is their signature.  The portions are quite small but everything we tried was just so robust with flavor...small portions were just right.  I ordered the steak and it is by far the best that I've had.  The dish was garnished with jalapenos and this home made sauce.  The sauce was just phenomenal!!! mmm mmm.  And who would have thought that jalapenos can go well with steak.  This is the type of creativity Hot Chocolate is known for.  Their desserts are the best and forever changing because the chef likes to mix things up and try new things.The ambiance is great for a date or small group.  The noise level is good...you can actually enjoy a conversation without having to shout across the table like at some other restaurants.In overall, great place to check out for food and definitely dessert.  Be sure to purchase a Restaurant.com gift certificate so you won't break the bank dining here.Went here with a friend. It was just ok.  We had two drinks. One of which was some concoction that came in a martini glass.  I'm guessing it was a chocolate martini.  I had the malted non alcoholic drink which was just ok as well.  I can get better at the local dairy queen.  Had 3 apps which included the pretzel which had some burnt pieces.  Exactly like the ones they have at the grocery store. Had some donut assortment things as well.  Mediocre at best. And i forgot the last dish.  Totally not memorable.  Maybe I got spoiled at the awesome bakeries I've been to in the past.  I guess it's not fair to call this place a bakery but with the prices they charge I expect to get some decent grub.Can't really speak on the entrees because we didn't have any.The wait was 40 mins so not worth it and the food forever.  Plus when I was trying to have a conversation in there I had to scream yeah it's that loud or at least it was when I went.I came here for a friend's baby shower last weekend and was blown away.  This might just be THE PERFECT place to host a shower (baby, bridal, whatever other kind of shower you want to throw).  Here's why...First they greet you with the hot drink of your choice.  I am addicted to caffeine so, naturally, went with coffee but the hot tea seemed to be a hit as well.  I feel like I should have had a hot chocolate but I'll remedy that next time.  Next we were seated at our tables and were treated to platters of sliders (um, bacon-cheddar slider- GET INTO MY BELLY!) and little pots of the most delicious mac n' cheese.  I even liked the cole slaw.  Wow.While we were opening the baby gifts (yawn,,, I don't have kids so I don't know what the hell any of that crap is and, sorry Juiie- I don't think you knew what half of it was either!  ha!) they served us desserts- warm churros in a chocolate dipping sauce (heaven), caramel corn (YES!), mini-chocolate peanut butter cupcakes (just okay) and mini chocolate malts (perfect).  My husband was so relieved that it wasn't a couples shower and he didn't have to go (and miss the Bears game) but when I came home and told him what we'd eaten he almost wished he'd skipped the Bears game and crashed the shower.Can't wait to go back!!!Wow, this place is busy!!!  So many different desert options and be prepared to wait if you get in on a Saturday night.  I was super lucky and we were seated by the bar within a few minutes.The deserts here are painfully delicious.  LIvely corwd, great cozy atmosphere, perfect for a date or to come back with the girls!We had the "Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup" and some cheesecakey pear tart with carmel and nuts and all kinds of goodness!!!Finally, somebody learns the importance of a desert bar!!!!!OK - I need to update my review because #1 - I clearly have been back and #2 - I have been please.  So pleased with one of my brunch orders, in fact, that I declared it one of the best breakfasts I have ever had (eggs benedict on potato pancakes with caviar...amazing!).  I think that deserves an extra 2 stars for sure.  I've also been back for dinner and drinks and had really great food and good service.  experience redeemed!!We went here for dessert after dinner. The ambiance is nice and seems like it would be a good date night spot. My dates for the evening were my man and my baby. They are accomodating to children by having crayons and high chairs. He got the medium hot cholocate to start which was really good. He then ordered the chocolate tiramisu and I ordered the chocolate "souffled" tart. Both of which sounded great when we read the description. When we tasted our desserts, it was like a blast of overwhelming sweetness. I like things sweet, if not overly sweet but these desserts had enough sugar to have you fail a glucose test. Our server had kind of a mediocre demeanor as well. He was standing in the corner with his arms crossed just kind of surveying the area. Additionally, they were trying to take my plate when I had more than half of my dessert left on it. I would have hurried a little bit of my baby was screaming her head off or if there was a super long wait but none of which was happening. My baby was quiet and content and there wasn't anyone waiting. I don't know if I'll be back. That was a sub par first impression.To sum it up, the service was extremely poor...  Experience 1: After our order was mistakenly delivered to wrong table, we were told that the order would be cooked again.  I really didn't think it would 90 minutes later and overcooked.  What baffles me is that lack of concern for our experience.  Must I throw a fit and become and ugly American to get minimal service?!?!  If I were the owner or our waiter, I would've discounted an entree, thrown in a glass of wine, offered up a free dessert...  Nope, we got 3 half price cookies.  I certainly won't eat there again and will caution others against it.Experience 2: I feel like a battered spouse going back for more abuse, but I really wanted to love this restaurant.  So, two of my friends and I went to brunch on a Sunday.  The food was decent.  But, again appalling service.  The waiter acted inconvenienced that we came in and that he had to actually explain the entrees.  The food came pretty fast .  The brunch was ending in 15 minutes and we wanted to try the Hot Chocolate, it IS the name of the restaurant, and it was a freezing day.  Anyway, I guess the waiter was in a hurry to get us out despite the restaurant still half full of people. So he gave us the drinks in paper "to-go" cups and gave us the check.  Seriously, don't go here if you want or expect decent service.Wow, Hot Chocolate is tasty. I ordered the Mac & Cheese and it was really great. I would say the second best Mac & Cheese I've ever had. They had some delicious cocktails on the menu which I may have enjoyed one or two of, no comments. The desserts, as should be expected, were quite enjoyable.Make sure when you come here that you bring enough money because you won't want to skimp. I suggest appetizer, entree, dessert, cocktail, and dessert beverage. I'm such a lush...Came here on a Sunday night and had a really good meal.  I got sweet potatoe gnocci with pork shoulder and blue cheese (and a few other things).  It was delicious!  I had actually looked on the menu online and they had the wrong menu up (it's seasonal) and I had my heart set on this other dish, but I was very happy with the dish that I ended up getting.We were so full by the end of the meal that we passed on dessert, but our very nice server brought us over a some treats to go from the case.  We ate those up later in the night.  Small menu, but everything on it sounded delicious!  I would definitely go back again.The Hubby & I went on a weekend night. Very packed! ...so that's a good sign! I had a great sweet wine (FRV 100) We had the Bay Scallops that were cider braised spaghetti squash, seared Nantucket bay scallops bacon, pickled jalapenos, micro cilantro and cider gastrique ...YUM!!! then for dinner my hubs had the Short Rib with blue cheese spatzel, red wine roasted Cipollini onionsspiced carrot puree, crispy shallot salad and braising jus...OMG!!!!!! I need to go back for this!!!!! I had the Cassoulet a rustic French bean stew pork belly, duck confit, housemade lamb sausage flagolet beans, fennel scented duck broth and duck fat brise. It was very good. A yummy comfort food. maybe a little too much salt but not enough to make me not like the dish. Too full for dessert...so stay tuned for my return to HOT CHOCOLATE!This is my new favorite Hot Chocolate place in Chicago.I had one of their seasonal desserts - bananas and butterscotch and it was such a treat to have that at the end of the nightWill definitely have to go back to try the dinner entrees. Love the decor and ambiance of the whole placeI ate dinner here spontaneously when visiting some friend's in Chicago and boy was I pleasantly surprised.Everything I tasted was a joy. From start to finish, all the flavors were exciting, creative and just plain yummy.  While the place is probably most noted for their deserts and sweet treats, they have an full dinner menu that I found to be pretty outstanding. Every dish we tried seemed as thoughtful and interesting as they were tasty.  The worst part about the place was that there were so many things that sounded good on the menu, that I only had a chance to try about half of the dishes I wanted to, between me and my 3 friends.  However, they do have an every changing menu, so who knows if I will ever get a chance to try the things I missed. But I am sure whatever they are serving will be good.Orgasmic.. That's how I'll describe my experience here. I came here after work with some of my girlfriends and we pigged out. We all ordered a different dessert and oh my goodness, every single one was absolutely delicious! I also had the chilled mexican hot chocolate--- to die for. It's topped with a homemade marshmallow.... this pretty much had me on my knees (and I'm not that fond of marshmallows!)I look forward to my next sinful visit here!Walked in here over the weekend for some sweets.We didn't have any reservations, but the hostess still gave us this table that was open. And it was pretty packed.We ordered the Chocolate #1 and a French Dark Hot Chocolate. Wow. Talk about sin. The chocolate #1 had this really moist warm chocolate souffle with a scoop of salted caramel ice cream, topped with a beyond salty homemade pretzel. I think we finished this in like 5 minutes. Everything went so well with each other. The French Dark Hot Chocolate was really rich. I couldn't even help finish it. The homemade marshmallow was really yummy, and I'm not a huge fan of marshmallows ever.The place itself was really chill and played good music. A great place to just sit around and indulge.Planning to come back and try their other sweets.Two new obsessions about this place: Pretzels and Chocolate #1. It's easy to see why even in a snowstorm this place is packed. It's the perfect spot for a date OR a group, dinner, dessert, drinks, OR coffee!My husband and I came here (without reservations) around 6pm on a Thursday.  The place had a few couples but we luckily came before the rush. They seated us and our waitress promptly came to welcome us and take our drink order. As we scanned the menu, everything sounded delicious. My husband got the short rib cassoulet while I ordered the pork chop.  Both were exceptional with my husband asking why we hadn't come to Hot Chocolate sooner.  Dessert was the brioche donuts dipped in chocolate.  Delicious.Service, food and drinks were excellent.  Be aware, though, that this place is on the expensive side.  Probably not a place to come frequently, more for a special occasion.The LIGHT hot chocolate is TO DIE FOR!!!  OMG so good...very sweet and incredibly rich...I'm drooling just thinking about it.  The medium hot chocolate just tastes like regular hot chocolate to me...  These cups are really really filling...  we had a big dinner elsewhere and came here for dessert, and all of us felt like we were going to die and our stomachs were going to burst open after this.   But it was totally totally totally worth feeling that miserable because it was just so good!Chocolate #1 was delish!So I saw that they had little tins of the mixes of their different hot chocolate...I was so tempted to get one but I thought that there is no way if I tried to make it at home it would be as good as at the restaurant itself.  Anyone know if I'm right or wrong here?I have a confession: I wanted to dislike this place.  I expected a lot of hype and fuss without much to back it up.  This was not the case at all!  My friends and I came here for a going away dinner for a friend.  The combination of impeccable service and well prepared dishes made with fresh, high quality, local ingredients made this the perfect night. Bonus:  they made a personalized dessert and brought a box of complimentary pastries for the guest of honor.You cannot come here without trying the namesake item.  Amaa-aazing (said in high pitched voice).  I had a dream about their hot chocolate.My only regret is not being able to meet Mindy Segal.  Our group did not realize how late it was and stayed at least an hour past closing (the only people still left in the place).  The waitstaff was entirely too gracious to say a single word.  Not once did they rush us or hint that we should get moving.  I figured it would be a bit obnoxious to ask to meet the chef at that point.  This simply means I need to come back, again and again.We finally tried Hot Chocolate and so glad we did. It was a Sunday night so the wait was really short but we opted to sit at the bar.  Our plan was to get two smaller meals and then share dessert.  My husband started off with a chocolate milkshake and it was amazing with a fun presentation.  It had great flavor and was accompanied with two very fresh cookies.  I had the mac and cheese entree and my husband had something lamb related.  We shared the green beans with bacon and red onion.  The food was just perfect.  My mac and cheese was a very large portion, very tasty, creamy and indulgent.  It was ridiculously hot when it came out of the kitchen and I couldn't wait to taste it so I burnt my tongue.  However, I would rather have hot food than luke warm so that was just a minor issue. The green beans were possibly the best I've ever had bc of the preparation. Sadly, we were way too full after dinner to have dessert but  now we have an excuse to go back.  I would easily change this to a 5 star rating if our next experience is the same and we enjoy the desserts as much as the entrees.Overall: Good, but overpriced.Visits: One, dessert.The only resentment I should feel when ordering a $12 raspberry bread pudding is when I'm glaring at the last remainders of my food wondering why scientists haven't figured out how to make external stomachs yet.The dessert was good, but it wasn't that good, especially not after I'd already been to HB (yelp.com/biz/hb-restaura…) and tried their blueberry bread pudding.Also, raspberry is just a poor choice of berries - too many seeds.I left thinking one thing: I SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN THE BEIGNETS, WHY DIDN'T I GET THE BEIGNETS?A friend took us here on our recent trip to Chicago - LOVED it! We were seated right before the kitchen closed, but were not rushed at all. Our server was super cool and gave us a bunch of recommendations on where to grab drinks nearby. The food was amazing - our friend got the cheese melt & soup, and we both had the burger (one of the best I've ever had) We shared a seasonal dessert, also delicious! Would definitely come back here, as well as tell others to go. Wish I had room to try their hot chocolate!Hot chocolate ... with a name like that ... how could you not come here?? I was excited to come here thinking they would have awesome hot chocolate and tasty desserts, but turns out they have great food too! =)The restaurant is very cute, dimly lit by candle light, and located in hip wicker park.  We tried to get reservations early that morning for a saturday night with no success, but decided to come and put our name on the list for dinner and wait it out anyway.  We put our name on at around 8 PM on a saturday and walked around wicker park before getting a table at around 9:30! (it's quite a wait, but we weren't disappointed that we waited)  The FOOD:-duck entree $24.  This came with brussels sprouts that were really tasty! My bf and I split this so that we could have plenty of room for dessert, but even the split portions were pretty generous!-Mac and cheese $10.  OMG soooo good! I loved the mac and cheese here! The gruyere and cheddar really made me want to eat the whole thing, but unfortunately it was to share with the whole table =) -Butternut squash soup $8.  My bf and I also split this, but I can't imagine eating the whole portion myself even though it was really yummy!Dessert:So of course we had to order a hot chocolate ... they had many different versions to choose from and each came with their homemade marsh mellow! We decided to order the mexican hot chocolate, which was 2/3 dark chocolate and 1/3 milk and fresh cinnamon $6.  This was actually the consistency of regular hot chocolate, but I was expecting it to be thick! like a melted chocolate bar.  The hot chocolate definitely had a spicy kick to it, but was a bit too sweet for me.  I think a hot chocolate between two people is a bit much and there's no way you can finish it because it's just too sweet.  We also ordered a banana toffee something dessert $11 to share for the table ... really good and I recommend it if it's on the menu.  Sigh ... last but not least we ordered the tasting of cookies to go.  The cookies are sooo cute! little petite things ... all assortments and actually really good! The cookies are super soft ... the kind that break in your hand before you get it into your mouth.  The chocolate chip cookie was also good which is always a sign of good desserts!This place was packed when we came Saturday night. It's a really classy looking lounge, that was playing hip-hop music. I found that to be quite interesting.Anyways, it would be about an hr wait before my group of 5 could be seated. So I called in and asked if they did "to go" orders on their hot chocolate--- and yes they do! Woo hoo!! I had the medium hot chocolate and a few others had the light hot chocolate. Omg, can I say "SUPER SWEET"???? So rich, creamy, and sweeeeeet. None of us could drink our entire cup because it was just way too rich.  If you like super sweet things, then you'll love this hot chocolate. The best part of my drink was the homemade marshmellow on top, now that was quite a treat. So soft, chewy, and melts in your mouth. But def. wasn't worth the $7.I also tried the raspberry cookie, that was really good, but also super buttery.  This place likes to make things super rich!! My Cali palet can't handle it! Parking by the way also sucks. No where to park, and valet would be $10. Definitely not worth it for a to go order!The most decadent hot chocolate ever!! I had the black and tan, and it was seriously the best hot chocolate I've ever had!! But it was so rich, I couldn't finish it all! Chocolate comalicious! The chocolate souffle with salted caramel ice cream was delish. The cookie assortment plate was also delicious and had all the cookies in the front display when you first walk in (the rougalah was my fave). The brioche doughnuts weren't doughnut-like at all! They were like cinnamon sticks-- and I would skip this next time. Love it! Def good place for friends, dates, girls' night out :) Great ambiance!Review only for dessert! First-timer. Best iced hot chocolate ever.I tried both iced dark and milk chocolate - they have the perfect balance of sweetness.The banana dessert (forgot the name but you will know it) had the perfect balance of every food sensation you can imagine: hot and cold, soft and crunch texture, and sweet and salty..... it's ingenious! Note: no reservations for dessert-only customers.I didn't eat dinner here, but came in after a few small plates at The Bluebird for some dessert.Although I'm usually not a fan of paying $12 a pop for desserts that are probably frozen-not-fresh anyways, these were a pleasant surprise.  We got the baked Alaska, the bread pudding and (my personal favorite) the carrot cake.  Each of them was delicious and the carrot cake came with a little glass of pineapple juice, which complemented the cake nicely.Minus one star for being a little overpriced for the size of the portions, but plus four stars for being super tasty!Long wait for brunch on a Sunday morning, but well worth it.  We didn't go for any of the sweets they're known for - but stuck to the burger and omelet.  Really friendly nice service - very family friendly!So many high expectations so few of them met! Ordered a few food items and a few drinks. Food was bland and flavorless drink tasted like pure alcohol. So much for the mixologist! You look cool mixing my drinks unfortunately the flavor was not there!shutupandeatme.blogspot.…Well, to be quite honest, I didn't take any pictures of my courses at Chicago's Hot Chocolate considering that I didn't even contemplate starting a blog. The name can be rather deceiving, due to the fact that they have much more than a chocolatey orgasm in a mug, which go figure, I didn't even order. Hot chocolate offers a variety of options from a Crabcake Sandwich to a Beet Salad. We went in during lunch, and the buzz of customers immediately let me know this place was going to be good!Photo Courtesy of Hot Chocolate's Website It's nestled on Damen in the heart of Wicker Park, just a short walk from the Damen/Milwaukee Blue Line. at first glance, it looks like a quaint cafe serving merely breakfast, but this little gem serves beyond that. A fully stocked bar and a phenomenal culinary team make this restaurant perfect for any time of day. It is open for Lunch and Dinner Tuesday - Sunday, and Brunch on the weekends.First, I need to say that I love a restaurant that focuses on local ingredients. Kudos to Chef/Owner Mindy! Our server, Saul, was knowledgeable and on point. Not a single minute went by where I became even remotely close to having an empty drink, which is refreshing (no pun intended) considering I cannot even count on all of my digits the number of times I've gone out to eat and had to crawl across the floor with dehydration (overkill? possibly). But back to Saul...He made small talk, gave us recommendations, and was quite honestly the best server I've had in quite some time.We ordered the Pork Belly Ruben, Macaroni & Cheese (because in Chicago during winter, nothing is better than packing on the pounds to keep warm than some mac & cheese), and the Apple Napoleon for dessert.(PHOTOS COURTESY OF HOT CHOCOLATE'S WEBSITE! Left: Pork Belly Ruben, Right: Mac & Cheese )I have to start with the Mac & Cheese, because Sweet Baby Jesus, it made me want to die. Die in a good way, of course. The texture was so exact... creamy. Not that stick to the roof of your mouth, molten hot lava sh!t you get at most chain 'Italian' restaurants. It displayed a hint of smoked Gruyere and a little American Cheese. Hands down the best mac & cheese I've ever consumed in my 23 years of life. Had my fiance and I not been sharing, I would have probably walked out with eaters remorse and inhaled the whole bowl. The Pork Belly Ruben was definitely a great take on the traditional sandwich. The texture and smokiness of the pork belly paired perfectly the sauerkraut, the bread was perfectly grilled, and just the right hint of what seemed to be caraway or fennel. It is a great portion size and served with home made and thinly sliced potato chips.By time our dessert came, we were overly stuffed from what we had just shoved down our throats (and I say shoved because we barely even breathed in between bites. I think my fiance established a new method of eating which doesn't require him to put down his fork at any point during dining). The Apple Napoleon was a hefty portion for a dessert, but very tasty. Definitely worth the money. Chef Mindy has a James Beard recognition for her pastries, so don't be an idiot and leave without ordering something sweet.I'll definitely be back and explore the menu even further. Next time, I'll actually try a Hot Chocolate (for two reasons... 1) everybody loves hot chocolate and 2) I feel like a fool for eating at a restaurant named 'Hot Chocolate' and not ordering one).On a cliche 'star' rating system, I give this place a 5/5. From the minute we walked in to the second they had to roll us out in a wheelbarrow, Hot Chocolate treated us well. Great food, atmosphere, and service!I had brunch here and it was delicious. The potatoes were well made with herbs sprinkled on top to accentuate the flavor. The passion strawberry smoothie was delicious although the amount was so little. It comes in a thin long glass. It was probably 8 oz or so. The decor was nice. The neighborhood was really nice. Well, that's probably because it's Wicker Park.Beautiful food and spunky service! The food is not over prepared and speaks for itself. My husband and I ordered the Shishito peppers tossed on flames then lightly peppered and salted. For mains I had the delicious Eggplant Parmesan with sweet Italian tomatoes, fresh ricotta, and basil with my husband smacking his lips to the battered California-bred fried chicken with honey buttered biscuit and avocado potato salad. Sounds like a smorgasbord and it was but too delicious to care. The real treat comes at dessert where I ordered nothing but the special, 72% dark hot chocolate with a homemade marshmallow....WOW! Knock your socks off good. Always learned to order the specialty and it pays off. My husband followed up his meal with three scoops of ice cream:  vanilla, salted caramel, and chocolate accompanied by decadent gourmet cookies.I'm not usually a fan of donuts anymore. I think I was traumatized by my brother when we were kids --- he loved Winchell's.But the brioche donuts at Hot Chocolate are little nuggets of gold. I don't like super sweet desserts so I dust off any excess sugar before eating. The donuts also come with a warm fudge to dip into. Just dust, dip, and devour.I also had the wedge salad (very good and refreshing). My friend had tomato soup and a cheddar melt which also looked good but I was all about the donuts.Also check out the odd decor accents in the restaurant. There was a chemistry lab-esque jar of 'stuff' on the shelf and a sculpture of a headless gal's boobies. You'd think it would be weird but it was fun.I went here with my aunt back when it first opened and it was really good. I don't really hit up the Bucktown area to often, but its nice to see they are getting some nice places out that way. The menu wasn't to extensive, but we had no trouble finding yummy fare.Update: We went in for dinner last night. Started off with a salmon potato pancake, green curry mussels, and pretzels with cheese. All were good, but I would rank them in that order. For my entree I had the pork chop and pork belly. The belly was great, really tasty. The chop was good as well, although a little salty. I also tried some of the lamb which was tasty and cooked to perfection. I'm huge on not overcooking things.Then came the dessert.... we had 7 or 8 different ones and I would say the banana bread pudding was my favorite of the group. Put all of that together with a top notch beer list and I would have to say it was a pretty damn good meal.I like this place... even though I am not a huge chocolate fan.  If, on those rare occasions I should need a chocolate fix this is the place to go.  Their chocolate items pack a punch, however, and are a bit too much after you down the first bit of it but they work.  And I have to give a place kudos for giving you free stuff.  Every time I go there I end up ordering some cookie or pastry thing from their case up front and, inevitably, they end up sticking more cookies and stuff in there for free.  Thanks guys!They have an awesome selection of alcoholic beverages, including great wines, a massive selection of beers and other cocktails that are great and very fresh.  They also have french press coffee and french press tea (yes read correctly, that's tea).  The food items are good as well, including their pretzels, beer battered and all with this great, grainy mustard.  They always have interesting salads as well.  Love the seasonal items and the local ingredients.  Try it, you'll like it.I'm new to the city and have to admit that I haven't been too impressed with many of the restaurants I've been to so far.  However, I'm not short-sighted enough to have lost all hope.  It could very well be that I have been to the "wrong" places or have ordered the "wrong" dishes.  But after one too many 20-30 dollar entrees that failed to excite my taste buds ("your veal ravioli...tastes just like Chef-Boy-Ar-Dee!") I was starting to get a little discouraged. My recent visits to Hot Chocolate for brunch have restored my faith in the Chicago dining scene.Yes, this place is small.  Yes, you will most likely have to wait for a table.  And, yes, once you approach your table, you will quickly realize that you will be sitting uncomfortably close to the people seated next to you (thus, the one star deduction).  If you are seated at one of the tables against the left wall of the restaurant,  you will undoubtedly have to engage in the awkward shimmy to squeeze (and, um, this is a feat even for all 105 pounds of me) past the table next to you to get to your seat.  You will find yourself apologizing as your butt gets dangerously near your neighbor's plate of pancakes as he/she looks on with disgust.  The fact that none of this could tarnish my dining experience speaks volume for the quality of the food.  And, after all, it is the food that matters, right?I've been to Hot Chocolate twice for brunch.  The first time I had the quiche special of the day, and it instantly converted me into a quiche fanatic (I had always been indifferent to quiche).  A medley of butternut squash, prosciutto and parmesan cradled in a light, flaky crust, the quiche surprised me with its unique, sharp combination of flavors .  Since this meal, I've been wanting to return to this place just to try another one of the quiche specials. I also ordered a cup of the Mexican hot chocolate to go.  Although it was decadently rich and wonderful, I found it a bit too sweet and thick for my tastes.  Definitely, the hot chocolate here is a dessert in itself.  I don't see how people eat desserts here AND drink the hot chocolate.My second visit to Hot Chocolate for brunch I was accompanied by my husband.  We were completely blown away with our dishes.  My husband had the Brioche French Toast and it was incredible.  It was divine in its simplicity: cooked to fluffy perfection and dusted lightly with powdered sugar.  Too many restaurants ruin french toast with indulgently rich toppings: chocolate, peanut butter, whipped cream, mounds of cloyingly sweet canned strawberries.  The fact that this french toast didn't need any distracting bells or whistles shows the chef's confidence in his work of art.  It was amazing, and came with a side of organic sausage which was pretty good in its own right.I was torn between ordering the quiche again or ordering a different egg-based dish.  We asked our waiter what he recommended and he replied that the Fresh Ricotta and Egg sandwich was his favorite.  Huh? I hadn't even considered it as an option (didn't sound that special to me and I have never ordered a sandwich for brunch).  But, I decided I needed to step outside of my culinary comfort zone and to take his word for it.  And the sandwich...was nothing short of amazing.  The egg was cooked just like I like it (over-medium) and the combination of the creamy ricotta, egg, and tangy roasted tomatoes was heavenly.  I'm usually not a fan of ciabatta bread but this ciabatta was perfectly toasted and not tough or chewy at all.  I'm officially a breakfast sandwich convert.The fact that this place is walking distance to our place is the icing on the cake.  We plan on coming here for brunch as often as our wallets will allow.Wicker park brunch - check Doing a yelpable Easter Sunday outing - check Orientation misinterpretation - check ;) Went with a girl friend for a late impromptu brunch to the hopping hot spot on the WP restaurant row. We got a "cosy " corner courtesy our hostess, who obviously thought we were one of the ubiquitous same gender couples that seem to throng that part of town! The food was okay - fresh trumped fast. The desserts which we meant to have but didn't looked a lot better. Have had much better brunches but definitely a good neighborhood stopWhenever I am in Chicago, I try my best to make it to HOT CHOCOLATE!When my friend was looking to buy a house in the Bucktown area, my first question was... HOW far is it a walk from Hot Chocolate!?  Choose the one closest... luckily he did!I have come here just for the brunch menu, desserts, the shakes, the hot chocolate, of course!  The food here is comfort food done up.   I had the half and half/dark chocolate and espresso with the hunky cube of marshmallow.  Divine.... heaven sits in those white cups! The brioche french toast is yummy.  Service is quick.  The decor and feel of the place is relaxed yet chic.  For me, this is a destination restaurant when I am visiting from CA.  Kudos.  If only there were one in San Francisco/Oakland too.First of all, the hot chocolate was 5 stars.  I ordered coffee cause I was a doubter but after a sip I ended up downing my girlfriend's hot chocolate.  Perfect level of richness and flavor without feeling like you're drinking Hershey's syrup.I came here for lunch on a Saturday aiming to try a burger, but it was brunch menu only.  I was very sad.  I had the shrimp and grits -- three delicious shrimp, grits were ok, both were soaked in very salty sauce.  Not really breakfast food, but it wasn't bad.  My girlfriend had the market scramble, which was decent.  Potatoes were a little overcooked, chewy and shriveled.  And unfortunately, the portions were pretty small so I left not hungry, but not really full.I wouldn't come back for the brunch menu, but I'll be back to check out the non-brunch grub.Now this place was a huge dissapointment to me.  I had heard sooo much from the future siter in law and her husband about it.  They are avid beers lover as I am so I figured it had to be worth it.First off, I suggest getting the burger because it was good, but not Kuma's good.  Maybe Moody's good.  For some reason, I ordered a cheddar melt which sucked.  Melted shredded cheddar on dark rye, why? The thing I never understood about a melt, was why places make it and then put it under the heat lamp until the other food is ready.  A melt takes about 30 seconds to make and needs to be served "melted" not melted and then hard again.Second thing about this place which upset me a little is the great beer selection is only bottles.  I am a draft man. I have had the same beer taste like 10 different beers when it's in a bottle.  Plus I prefer not to get bottled beer at a bar because you pay a huge mark up on something you can buy at the store.  I can't pull a draft out of my fridge, so thats the novelty of it.  But if you are o.k. with bottles, they have a great selection.Third is the prices at this place.  Upscale.  Very pricey.  I was treated to the dinner and drink when I came, so I feel guilty ragging on the free meal.  I saw the bill and it was a ton. We had a large party, but we didnt buy a lot of coctails.ATMOSPHERE:  This place was quite comfy.  Dim lights and super lounge-esque.  I thought it was just a bar, but the table next to us had children at it so they must be primarily a restraunt. Nice waiting staff.If you come here, get dessert and treats.  It will be worth it.  I wouldn't suggest dining and drinks.Amazing desserts! I've been a fan since my brother and his wife introduced me three years ago. It's my go to place when I want to impress out of town friends with good eats. The food is fresh as can be, bought from local producers and farmers, which I think is a plus. I've been here for lunch and dinner (make reservations) and have never been disappointing or have left hungry. This is a real treat!Went in on snowy Sunday night around 8:15 and was surprised at how busy they were.  Beyond the busyness factor, the AROMA here was intoxicating!  I couldn't wait to take a look at the menu to determine what could possibly create a smell so enticing.  I only wish that the smell was a preview for the food that I ordered.  We got the shrimp and grits appetizer which was, by far, the best thing that I had for the night.  My tuna melt sandwich was very fishy tasting ( it's fish - i know.  but this was overpowering).  My boyfriend's burger was good but a bit undercooked.  The mac and cheese was good but not 'in a category of its own' like the menu claims.Our table ordered the White Hot Chocolate and the Banana dish for dessert.  Both were yummy but i was expecting more from the banana cake.Overall, I would go back for the shrimp but would leave dinner to another restaurant.PS - our server was great.  very friendly and helpful.My friend works nearby so we decided to check this place out because of our addiction to hot chocolate.It's pretty dimly lit at night which can be romantic to some except it's so loud you can't hear anybody so amour is a difficult atmosphere to sell. The crazy paintings and such are awesome and strange, love the menacing guy holding a doll painting near the door. It's all a little much, it's more intimidating than it is inviting. The staff was relatively busy, I understand, but blatantly ignoring customers who came before new customers isn't particularly a sign of welcoming service. Curt and from the looks we seemed to be receiving, a tad...entitled. I thought about ordering dessert but the pastries were tiny and didn't look particularly noteworthy (really, I am not convinced to pay a dollar and a half for a mini chocolate chip cookie which really anyone can make, anyone). But we stuck with the restaurant's namesake and got simple hot chocolate to go (we did not want to stay there, plus why does this place need reservations?)The hot chocolate was really rich and heavy if you like that sort of thing, it's sickening and I love it. But almost 8 dollars for it? I've had that same kind of hot chocolate for half the price that was a little smoother. I doubt I would go back.With 542 reviews, it's hard to say something that hasn't already been said at least three times. So I'll offer my reservations advice.Hot Chocolate is not a big restaurant. It is quite popular. They only have two tables for walk-ins. We got there around 5:15 on a Saturday and were third on their walk-in list. Through some coincidence, one of the parties ahead of us was not there, and we were seated at 5:35, but if we hadn't gotten lucky, they told us it would likely be two hours. Ouch.The moral of the story? Make reservations if you can (they suggested three days in advance). If that's not an option, try calling ahead. Failing that, get there a bit before they open (more than 15 minutes). The food was as good as others have said, and it would be a shame to walk in only to be told they have no tables.Oh, and on a Saturday evening, I did feel a little underdressed in a t-shirt. It's not formal, and there were some families with children, but the ambiance does flirt with dressy.Went here for dessert with a couple of friends on a Saturday afternoon.  We arrived at 5pm but the restaurant wasn't open until 5:30 so we browsed the menu while we waited.  Just around 5:30, people started filing in and pretty soon, every seat was taken.  That's when we knew we were definitely in for a treat!  We ordered the Chocolate #1 (my favorite dessert of the three we tried - but all were deeeelish), Warm Brioche Doughnuts, and the Chocolate Cake Two Ways.  We each also got a hot chocolate - light, medium, dark, half and half.  Without a doubt, the LIGHT hot chocolate was my favorite and absolutely TO DIE FOR!!  The only way I can describe it is this..You know that moment when you put a piece of chocolate in your mouth..  then it JUST starts to melt on your tongue..  slowly filling your entire mouth with the rich, creamy goodness so satisfying that you can't help but reach for the next piece..  just so you can experience that moment again, and again, and again..  THAT was in EVERY sip of the light hot chocolate..  can't wait to go back!ok-so I must confess. I have been there twice in one week. First time was for dessert and hot chocolate.  Had the  Peanut butter cup  and the black and tan. Are you kidding me? Best damned HC I ever had in my life. The second time we went, we had dinner. Octopus and mussels for dinner and a side of Cauliflower gratin. My mouth is still watering thinking about the cauliflower. The things they did to that cauliflower was pure genius. I had to keep dipping my bread in the "sauce" (read cream and butter). THEN I had the Banana "coffee" cake. Caramelized bananas, Coffee and Lyle's golden Syrup semifreddo, banana-muscovedo-sugar coffee cake, smoked almond toffee and java stout butterscotch sauce. WHAT? I could go back again, Just for that. Thank you Mindy Segal for doing what you do.Came here for dinner and dessert since we had a restaurant.com certificate. We started off with dinner- it was not a good idea, I would not recommend their food. My friend ordered the pork chop and I had the skate wing. I don't eat pork, so I didn't try her dish, but she said it was under seasoned and that the brussel sprouts that came with it were better than the meat. My skate wing (its a fish related to sting rays) was waay too salty. As was the olive tapenade that came with it. The texture of the fish was nice, but there was just too much salt. On to the desserts. My friend ordered the chai hot chocolate. It was very spicy, not hot spicy, but with lots of spices in it. I don't like spicy hot chocolate, but it was rich and creamy. For dessert we had the chocolate # 1 and a cream cheese cream deliciousness whose name I cannot remember. Chocolate #1 is a yummy chocolate souffle tart served with salted caramel ice cream and a pretzel. The ice cream was a bit too salty, but overall the dessert is yum!The second dessert was a seasonal one. It was a cream-type deal between ginger cookies with rhubarb consome. It, too, was soo good. They even turn the consome into  a tiny little soda. I would not recommend this place for dinner, but their desserts are very good.Went there with my wife on our anniversary and had one of the best desserts I have ever been able to eat. We had the "Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup - peanut butter mousse and "peanut butter cup", milk chocolate hot fudge, Concord grape syrup, peanut butter cookie dough truffles.." So good and @$12 completely worth the price of admission. I would have ordered another but we were so stuffed from dinner @ Piccolo Sogno... Awesome spot as well.I've been for dessert and brunch and not been overly impressed with either.  Both left me feeling pretty ripped off and unsatisfied.  Brunch was particularly disappointing, as it was both pricy and mediocre.  I had the Shrimp & Grits, which were smothered in an odd but nicely spicy, very rich creamy pepper sauce.  Not a bad variation on the uber-trendy $12-15 Shrimp & Grits trend that's all over Chicago these days...but certainly nowhere near as amazing as Handlebar's. My friend's breakfast sandwich, though, was the real disappointment--the homemade "english muffin" was so dense and heavy that it hardly resembled its namesake at all. To their credit, the hosts and servers/ bartender were totally helpful and friendly.  But the food just didn't wow me, certainly not enough to justify the crowds and prices.I love love love their brunch. Their doughnuts are delicious, house made jam incredible and bloody marys damned good. They always have a few specials each weekend, and I usually go with the hash. The two or three times I've had the hash, it was almost perfect. The flavors and different components of the meal complemented each other perfectly. What took the icing off of my cake was that the cooks don't seem to understand that a poached egg needs to have a runny yolk. So today, I try their brisket instead, figuring to let the poached eggs rest. And the duck brisket was amazing, set atop a house made baguette with pearl onions, and served with roasted potatoes that were yum and yummer. But, again, taking the cherry off of my sundae, the fried egg was fried to a crisp. When I asked the server if I could have an egg over easy, she promptly brought me out two beautiful perfectly POACHED eggs. Go figure. Well, even if they can't get the eggs right, I'll still go back. It's just that tasty.Love this place.  My friend and I stopped in to catch up, talk about her recent break-up, and do what ladies do: indulge in chocolate.  Now, unfortunately I cannot remember the fancy names of the desserts we ate, but I *can* describe the experience.Delicious.  We shared two items.  One was seasonal, some sort of maple-themed concoction that included cinnamony doughnut sticks, graham cracker, maple butter...  The other was a mint-oreo-chocolate creation, decadent, minty and sweet.  Not as good as the former, but definitely good.  We ate ourselves into a sugar high and a sugar crash.  Definitely an experience I plan to repeat.Nom, nom, and NOM.This place blew my mind away, and we stumbled upon it slightly accidentally (originally wanted to go to a different place but it was too crowded).I'll keep this short and sweet.Excellent food, strong flavors, high fat content (there goes your holiday diet), and generous portions for the entrees. I had been craving pork belly for a while now and ours was decadent, greasy, so good that we wished we had more.I had the lamb krema kasa sandwich. It was pretty much large enough for two meals. Excellent heavy flavored lamb, really liked the mustard-like sauce that came with it, and the beets helped temper the game flavor of the lamb. I'm looking forward to coming back here for dessert!The desserts are good, but not really worth the price ($12 per creation).  I don't think they are particularly inventive or special.  I have had equally good desserts for considerably less at upstanding fancy places similar to Mindy's. The food looked awesome though...I would rather have spent my money on the food here.  I am sure the hot chocolate is also excellent since that is their namesake.  At $6 per chocolate, I think that is reasonable.Sadly the crab cakes are no more. However the menu has changed immensely from 2 years ago and for the better. To start the mussels and the pork belly. Both dishes were cooked to perfection and thoughtfully composed. For dinner I had the cassoulet and my GF had the short ribs. Both were phenomenal. This place is terribly underrated, at least on a local level. It's neighborhood rivals duchap, ruxbin, takashi, and the bristol all pale in comparison. Thankfully on a national level HC receives is just deserts with several james beard awards. Granted the cuisines of the above list do differ I still feel Hot Chocolate is far more solid in good technique, and composition. Creativity not so much but thats a moot point as Hot Chocolate isn't that type of place. Holler at moto if thats your fancy.Our waiter Sonny was perfect. Extremely knowledgeable, and completely attentive without the slightest hint of annoying.I just have nothing bad to say about Hot Chocolate.  We went for brunch this morning, and it was delicious from start to finish.  We had an order of homemade donuts for the table, and while I wouldn't exactly call them donuts, they were definitely tasty.  And they come out to the table still warm.  Yum!  I ordered the breakfast sandwich, with avocado and scrambled eggs, and the awesomest salsa verde I have ever eaten.  It was so good I dipped my side of sausage in it, because I didn't want it to go to waste.  My husband had the English Muffin sandwich (and I stole a bite), and it was also awesome.  The harissa went perfectly with the pork belly and egg.As for the restaurant's namesake....well, I don't really like hot chocolate.  But my husband had the half and half, and he said it was essentially the best mocha on the planet.  And another at our table had the dark chocolate, and said it was perfect.  We really enjoyed our brunch here, and I think we want to go back, both for another brunch and maybe a dinner.Three visits in the span of seven days?  I guess you can tell I am a big fan of Hot Chocolate.   Don't let the name of the place fool you.  Yes, while they do serve delicious hot chocolate (among other fantastic desserts), they also have some pretty tasty savory foods as well.  First time, I just had desserts with my boyfriend.  Second, dinner and EVERY dessert on the menu with seven pastry students.  And finally dinner and dessert tonight with my best friend.  Memorable and delicious meals each time.  All three times I went, the place was pretty busy.  I'm assuming, as a result, we had to wait quite a while to get our orders.   But the excellent service, especially from Douglas, helps make up for it.  The hamburger with fried egg is a must try.  The burger is so thick and juicy and yum yum good, especially when the yolk from that fried egg starts oozes out.   The mac and cheese has its own section on the menu.  After trying it, I understand why.  The banana bread pudding is my favorite dessert.  I can finish a plate of that all by myself.  A close second, is Chocolate #1.  And of course you can't go wrong by trying any of their hot chocolates along with in house made marshmallows.  Come here for dessert, dinner or drinks.  Come with a group of friends or with a romantic date.  Either way, I think you'll have a good time here.So, since Feast was so bad, we hopped in here expecting to get some to-go items to give this cute little place a try.  But, they were super nice and seated us at 1:50 even though their brunch ended at 2.  We ordered some drinks and some WARM doughnuts since the pastries at Feast were such a failure.  The doughnuts (with raspberry sauce/jam) were EXCELLENT.  Not too sweet, warm, and served in stick form in a jar.  I ordered the half and half (half espresso, half dark hot chocolate) and had my first ever homemade marshmallow.  As Joe put it, Brunch 2 was much better. The service was great and they seemed genuinely happy for us to be there, even if we did just order doughnuts to share and drinks.   We'll be back for some real food (and more desserts) soon!Why are all the breakfast places in Chicago named after food places?! Toast, Hashbrowns, Yolk, Hot Chocolate...Went here for brunch and had a great time! Everything sounded really tasty and their home-made pastries looked fantastic! I was a little disappointed they didn't have an eggs benedict but they had enough good things on the menu that it made up for it. I had the chorizo scramble. It was really good but it would have been better if it was served with some flour tortillas. My boyfriend got the egg sandwich with pork belly. It looked AMAZING! He ate it so quick I didn't even get a bite! I also ordered a hot chocolate, you have to when dining at hot chocolate! Ladies, be prepared... It was AMAZING! I got the 70% dark. It took me back to my first "drinking chocolate" in Florence... pretty much a melted chocolate bar. So rich and thick, yum! How can you go wrong with delicious chocolate?! I highly recommend trying it for brunch! We had about a 20 min wait, not bad for a Saturday morning!I'm torn on how to review this place. Hot Chocolate's hosts and servers are consistently a mess and unprofessional, but somehow they pull off good food and drinks every time and that makes it worthwhile for me. Don't miss out on the Mexican or the Chai Hot Chocolate! Also, fantastic raspberry sponge cake and shortbread cookies, although I'm not sure they are still there. My suggestion is to come for weekday dinner, or an early Saturday brunch/lunch, and  to call ahead to make sure they are not booked out for private parties. Do NOT come here on a Sunday. I've been here 3 times on Sundays always with problems. The first time, there was a private party which I understand - but there was no sign in the window (or on the valet sign outside). My friend paid to valet-park the car, and we were treated very rudely when we walked in.  We were pushed out by the hostess who didn't apologize, said we couldn't order anything even to go - and wouldn't tell us when the party was over. Another Sunday afternoon, no private party, so we thought it was a go. However, we were again rudely told that they were not "open for food" and we could only order drinks or what was in the case (cookies and brownies). We sat down at a table by the window and the server asked, "Can you NOT sit at THAT one?" .... uhhh?? why? so we moved, and we were ignored after we got our cookies from the case. Last Sunday was the last straw. I took my in-laws here and was embarrassed I'd recommended this place. We got there before noon and they were OUT OF BOTH SAUSAGE AND HAM. What kind of "brunch" place runs out of those two staples before noon??? Our server came around once every twenty minutes, we waited for ages to get our food, and then she got our order completely wrong. It wasn't even close - steak n eggs v. pancake. Sigh.Anyway, I'll come back but I'll stick to just having dessert here after a meal somewhere else so I don't have to deal with the snotty and/or nonexistent service here. I hope Mindy Segal reads this review so she can make this restaurant as awesome as it should be!!This popular place gets pretty crowded regardless of the time, so be prepare to wait.  Hot Chocolate opens for weekend brunch at 10 am.  We arrived at 10:10 am, and the place was pretty much at full capacity with one table left for us.  We ordered steak and egg, smoked fish, warm doughnuts, and mango smoothies.  You can find steak and egg everywhere, but the Hot Chocolate version was much more refined.  The same can said about the smoke fish.  The mango smoothie was way too sweet, and tasted like it came from mango puree instead of fresh mango.We also came in for late night dessert not too long ago.  I love the rich but not overly heavy chocolate milkshake.  The chocolate souffle tart was quite nice in terms of flavor, but a little too dense for me.  Hard to rate this place because it's definitely above "A-OK", but not quite to level of "Yay! I'm a fan" just yet.If you go to Hot Chocolate and they have the Pork Belly & Melon salad, you MUST get it.  It was one of the most delightful dishes I've had in a long time.  The salad is a mixture of sweet, refreshing, & cold (watermelon), and salty, warm, crispy, & chewy (pork belly & Gorgonzola).I also had a bite of the duck dish which was very delicious and well cooked.  I had the shrimp & grits for my entree and it was surprisingly straightforward but still very satisfying.  I had the ode to my mentor for dessert and I was a little underwhelmed.  Since Mindy is so recognized for her desserts, maybe I set my expectations too high.  It was a good dessert, but nothing really memorable.This place is A-mazing! A friend of mine said she'd heard good things and suggested it for a late night dinner. We got there around 9:15 and the place was still pretty full, but we got a table immediately. The space is quite small though so I'd suggest a reservation. But know that they don't accept day-of reservations. This place is pretty reasonably priced. Apps around $10 and entrees are in the $20-$30 range. Everything on the menu sounded appealing to us so we ordered a lot of food at our table. It was, after all, reasonably priced! We had to have the hot pretzel appetizer served warm with warm cheesy mustard. So worth it. Absolutely delicious. I ordered the soup of the day, something with bacon and scallions. They did a great job with the texture of the purée. The flavor was good but the texture made the dish. My boyfriend and I also shared the pork belly salad. The pork melts in your mouth and goes great with the vinaigrette dressing. We both got sandwiches as entrees (more in the $10-$20 range). I had a spin on the classic grilled cheese and my boyfriend had the lamb sandwich...both of which were good. Be advised, the lamb is quite greasy though. And for dessert, you must have the fresh baked doughnuts and caramel corn. You will not regret it!It's pretty obvious that this place is known for having good hot chocolate from the name. So we had pretty high hopes going into dessert. And we were not disappointed! They have a few kinds, traditional and less so. I must mention one last thing, probably my favorite part about the place. The staff! They're friendly and just the right amount of awkward. At least the ones we interacted with. Basically, everything is extraordinary, the environment is fun, and you all need to go!Dielicious.  Scrumdiddliumptious.  The food here is great for the soul.  The mac n cheese was the best I've ever had.  A perfect blend of cheese.  The peanut butter dessert was like gourmet reese's, and the pecan pie was also the best I've ever had.  I simply can't wait for more!The ambience was intimate, the music was indie and flowed well.  The lighting is perfect, romanticesque with plenty of light to see your date/company.  The server was on top of his game too.  He gave us a full run-down on the menu and was simply spot on.My only negative of the night is that I didn't order a glass of wine.If this is the place right by the via-dock, then it is absolutely fab.Great food.  I ordered the brioche french toast and had the dark chocolate hot chocolate.  2nd best hot coco of my life.Great decor and perfect for a ladies brunch.Parking is street only on Damen and I took the CTA.I would go back, even though I haven't yet...I need to.I'm not sure what to say? Can a remodel ruin a place you've loved since they opened? You don't have cookies anymore? The service was...not very friendly? I had the Cherry Study and it was mediocre to terrible? I didn't get a marshmallow with my (iced) hot chocolate like I used to and my glass was coated with pieces of unmelted/separated out chocolate?  What is going on? Cherry StudyCocktail - eh I really didn't want a cocktail Black Forest Cake - was just OK and had fruit leather on top that after trying to chew/dissolve it for at least few minutes I had to spit it out as I had made no progress.Sundae - oh man just sour sour sour. Could not eat this.Bread Pudding? - lacking of flavor and difficult to eat out of little bitty container. I thought it was a smooshed up (not that great) pie but I guess not?Cookies - picture non-crisp biscotti. Took 1 bite and that was itAlso they had the AC on FREEZING with the doors/windows open...disgusting waste of resources.I am bummed. If this was my first time and not my 100th I would have given it 2 stars.When it comes to desserts, Mindy's Hot Chocolate is impeccable. And you can get a hint of you what you're in for when the hostess asks you if you're coming "for dessert or dinner." While I can't vouch for the former, I can definitely testify to why this place is meant for the latter. Their enormous selection of desserts are nicely grouped together on the back page of their menu. From ice creams to cakes and doughnuts to chocolates, this place has it all. A friend was swooned by their hot chocolate; I was delighted by their chocolate-covered doughnuts. Oh, and it doesn't hurt to have Intelligentsia coffee along with it. It concluded a wonderful night for all of us. I would give this place the full five stars if it wasn't for the arrogant and slow waitress we had. After serving us our food, she took off back to the kitchen and vanished for a while. It was a shame, really. But that's not something that interfered with our food or our drinks in the long run. In the final analysis, if you have a sweet tooth and find yourself in Wicker Park, run to Mindy's Hot Chocolate and immerse in their fantastic dessert selection.Awful $24 dessert!We went to Mindy's Hot Chocolate about a month ago for dessert and were disappointed that the only chocolate (other than hot chocolate) offered was a tasting menu that cost $24.  That time we decided to have the bread pudding, which we both felt was NOT good.  We weren't thrilled with having to pay $12. for a bad dessert.  We thought it must be a fluke - she wins awards.  So we decided to give her another chance.  After a great dinner at Naha, we thought we'd head over to Mindy's for their "Study - Thoughts on a Chocolate Cake".  I cannot believe how BAD it was. When it was delivered they didn't explain what each of the items were.  They were so small and UN-remarkable that we couldn't tell what 3 of them were. The cocktail, served in a shot glass, had a piece of ice on top and tasted like coconut milk (not a compliment).  We both thought that one of the 2 bite pieces that tasted like chocolate cake was good.For $24. I was expecting to have something wonderful like you would be served at Alinea, or La Maison Du Chocolat (in NYC or Paris), but that was not the case.I wished that I had gone to Sprinkles or More for a cupcake, or had a pint of Hagen Dazs ice cream. They cost a quarter of the price and are so much more delicious.I will never eat at Mindy's again.At first walking into this sophisticated yet trendy looking establishment, any foodie would be expecting the highest quality in terms of food and service.  Gotta say, I was very very disappointed at the slow service and the waiter's advised of ordernig appetizer and dinner at the same time or we'll be there till the next day. That said, we did., and when my steak n potato arrived, the steak was tough, chewy and way overcooked. The potato was still raw smothered in gravy and was  crunchy like raw brocoli. When letting the waiter know of this disappointment, he'd returned with a sample of the potato from the kitchen indicating it's suppose have a crunchy texture. Really? Since when did eating raw potato became culinary art? he was speachless.I use to live in the neighborhood and have eaten here, easily, 50 times.  The drinks:  Great (but small) beer selection.  Mindy goes out of her way to bring some hard to find and great tasting beers in on a fairly regular basis.  If you don't see something on the list that interests you, ask if they have anything else in stock - you will often be pleasantly suprised.  The hot chocolate is the best I have ever had.  I generally like the "medium" and the homemade marshmallows are fantastic.  The brunch:  Some real gems and some misses on the menu.  Any of the breaksfast sandwiches are almost uniformly great.  The grilled cheese with a shot of soup is fantastic.  Make sure to get some warm donuts.  I would stay away form the quiche and the market scramble.  The flavor is good, but there are better things to enjoy.Dinner:  The mussels appetizer is a must.  Generally any of the meats are very well prepared.  Don't expect to be blown away.  The food is simple, enjoyable, reasonably priced, and well-prepared - but not earthshattering.Dessert:  Save room, order many of them.  They change rapidly, but the kitched does amazing stuff with blueberries and lemons.  Any of the chocolate deserts will please.I went here for a light dinner and dessert. We were seated promptly which was surprising since it was a weekend. I order the tuna salad which was much more tuna than salad but the tuna was good so I cannot complain. For the amount of times our waiter asked if we wanted to drink anything other than water, you would have think someone would have been a little quicker refilling our water. I'm drinking a cup of hot chocolate that's so heavy it feels like syrup. No, it's cool. I don't need any water.The food here for both brunch and dinner are so decadent and indulgent that I can't say enough about rewarding yourself after a nine-mile run to shower-up and come here. Or after working a truly intense 70 hour week to sink into a cozy booth here and have dinner from apps to dessert. And get the half/half (coffee and hot chocolate with homemade marshmallows with your dessert.I lived in Chicago for the last six years and only recently moved out to San Francisco.  Of all the things I miss about that wonderful Windy City, Hot Chocolate ranks pretty high.  BF and I went there at least once a month for a date.  The food is impeccable and is prepared in a quasi-Alice Waters style, using only the freshest local ingredients.  Brunch is out of this world (I highly recommend the sausage and egg biscuit), though their famous dessert is only reserved for dinner time (also excellent).  As a food snob, I'm happy to say that I have never ordered anything sub-par from here.If you love sweets the way I do, please visit here for dessert even if you skip out on the rest of the deliciousness they have to offer.  Chocolate #1 is my personal favorite (they changed it up a bit just recently, but it is still amazing).  Mindy Segal does the best play on textures, temperatures and tastes of any other pastry chef I've had the pleasure of trying.Also, beer and wine there are great--especially the beer.As for ambiance, it rocks.  Totally low key--you can go dressed to the nines or in a pair of jeans.  The music is different every time I go in, but its always good.  The tables are a little cozy, but it creates a pretty cool vibe.  If you have a party of more than 7, you get to eat at this little table in the back near the kitchen that has a little curtain that pulls around it ER-style.  They also support local artists, displaying pieces all over the restaurant.Food service can be a bit slow (your water glass will always be full, though!), but they always make up for it with a free drink or treats.  As soon as BF and I get back to visit, that's the first place I'll ask to go on a date!AS I'm still NEW to CHI town- was very excited to find a place that focuses just on DESSERT where you can still get good food and drinks.  The dinner menu was a surprise and very unique making it HARD to save room for the greatest HOT CHOCOLATE and peanut butter mouse.  The green bean salad was light and TASTY and the celery soup was YUMMM.Went on a Sunday night and didn't even have to wait long for a table.  I am quite intrigued and wanting to go back for MORE!!!!We went here for dessert on Saturday night.  They were absolutely packed at 9pm and we waited about 1/2 hour for a table.  The waitstaff and the hostess were very nice (even when the hostess thought we had left and gave away our table!!)We ordered two desserts... brioche donuts with chocolate dipping sauce and caramel corn, and the "tribute to whatchamacallit" which was a peanut butter and chocolate dome thing with crispy rice crust.  The desserts were quite tasty, especially the donuts (I'm a sucker for anything that comes with chocolate sauce for dipping!) but I think I'd just get one dessert to share next time.  In my mind, $11 for a dessert is a bit pricey, so more a special occasion thing than a regular thing.  I can't say that most of the things on the menu were making me want to try them.I think I'd go back, but I might sample some other dessert places first.Overall, I'm not impressed.  The decor is chic and warm, but the seating is horrible--you can hear everything the people around you are talking about, and there's no elbow room whatsoever.  We were there for dessert, but nothing on the dinner menu looked appetizing...and it was way overpriced ($20-40 for entrees!)  We started out with drinks--I ordered the Mexican hot chocolate (dark chocolate, milk and cinnamon) and my husband got the Affogato (dark and medium chocolate blended with coffee nib ice cream).  The Affogato is delicious--thick and creamy.  My Mexican hot chocolate was pretty good, but a little heavy on the cinnamon.  Definitely recommend the Affogato though.  We then ordered Chocolate #1 and Ode to the Whatchamacalit for dessert, which was chocolate overload---I'm still recovering from my chocolate coma!  Both desserts were just okay--I've definitely had the exact same thing at Green Zebra, so I wasn't impressed.  The mini peanut butter shake that came with the Ode was pretty good though (and by mini, I mean REALLY mini--the size of 1/3 of a finger).I would recommend going just once for the chocolate drinks or milkshakes, but $11 for the very ordinary, very small desserts is definitely not worth it.I can only speak for hot chocolate's savory side at lunch/brunch, but when I"ve been there it's been quite yummy. Love the tuna melt, the cheddar melt comes w/a shot of spicy tomato soup, fried egg and ham sandwich. Guess I can only speak to the sandwiches...tasty.Downsides are that the floor can be super slippery...it gets really loud...and is pretty crowded for brunch. Definite elbow bumping if you're on the booth side of the room.Me and my friends absolutely love this place! If you are a chocolate lover and love hot chocolate, you definitely HAVE to come to this place. Their hot chocolate is so creamy, smooth, and soooooooooo decadent! It tastes like a piece of heaven in your mouth. Plus, it comes with their home-made marshmallow that melts in your  mouth! DELICIOUS. My husband and I came here twice for dessert and once for dinner. I will say that their food, though delicious, is a bit overpriced. But we love their HOT CHOCOLATE so we keep coming back for dessert! =) My friends have also said that their mac and cheese is reallllly good here. I personally have never tried it but I'm sure it's true. Anytime you have a chocolate craving or just want to treat yourself to a delicious dessert and a elegant night out, I would recommend this place to you. Hope this helps. =)OUT OF THIS WORLD! and probably why I am writing this review at 3am...that's so sad but so worth it because I am probably on a sugar high! What a fantastic place, and concept...a dessert bar/restaurant and of course hot chocolate place all in one. YUM! I went here last night with my sister-in-law and I loved every minute of it. We ordered a selection of cookies (soft mini-cookies!) delicious! And a Chocolate Martini, Mexican Hot Chocolate over Ice, the sorbet/ice cream flight and the bananas & butterscotch dessert, all of them...pause...one word OUTSTANDING! I think we ordered everything on the menu just to try it and I have nothing bad to say but that I will be back here for sure and hopefully I space out my visits or my figure won't stand a chance.I made reservations for this place at 6:00pm so it wasn't too crowded which was nice.Our appetizer was pate which came with a block of Pate, jelly, bread and crackers.  The portions were just a tad bit small for my liking but it was still pretty decent..  I first had my mind set on the burger that everyone seems to rave about but i figured i would wait a second time for that.  I decided to order the chicken dish which was delicious the seasoning was great and the meat came right off the bone.  The best part that it was grass fed beef which works well with my PALEO DIET. The service was great the waitress was energetic nice and made great suggestions.  Too top off everything the doughnuts with chocolate dip was amazing!!.   I'm a chocolate fanatic so the name deserves one star alone lol.We went to Hot Chocolate for after dinner drinks and desert last Friday based on a personal recommendation and the reviews.  Sadly, we were very disappointed.  The food and drinks were decent (enough to warrant 3 stars) but the service was NOT good, especially from the two hostesses who could have cared less if we were there and were very flippant and rude.  It was a Friday about 9:30 pm and the place was full but not packed, otherwise I might have given them a hall pass on their attitude.To me, this is job 1 when it comes to customer service; have your top people up front greeting customers and ensuring everything is running as it should.  Both hostesses were unorganized, snotty and acted as if we were bothering them when we tried to give our name for a table.  Even if the food and drinks were outstanding, we would NOT be back to HC.  It's disappointing to see so many restaurants fall short on this very basic concept; treat the customers with respect and courtesy and smile.........it's not hard and should be talked about every day by management.  On a positive note, the bartender was friendly and provided good service.  Sadly though it did not make up for the very poor first impression.I've been a pretty big fan of this place for a while.  I've been several times and only had one sub par expeience.  Food is usually delicious, but I typically go for the desserts with are ALWAYS phenominal.I have to say the only let down I had last time was that the servers were all dressed like a bunch of ironic hipsters.  I guess that's what you ask for when you dine in wicker park tho...I have been to Hot Chocolate a few times now and I think it is one of the best restaurants in Chicago.I went last night with a group of friends and was told that being Valentine's weekend, that they were only honoring reservations that night.  We were a little bummed as we wanted to celebrate our friend's birthday there.  The hostess looked at her schedule and realized that the "Chef's Table" was open in back due to a cancellation, so we literally got the best seat in the house - with no reservations!(Minor complaint: No where on the restaurant's menu does it say they take reservations or that on certain nights reservations are required.  Had I seen ANYTHING about reservations, I would have made them.  So, word to the wise - make reservations or risk getting turned down at the door.)I had the Chicken entree, and I kid you not, it was one of the best meals I've ever had.  The chicken was cooked perfectly.  The grits were amazing, as were the mushrooms and artichokes and lemon confit.  I LOVED this meal  I also had a cup of the chai hot chocolate, which was perfection.  We started the meal with some garlic monkey bread, which was OK, but certainly nothing to write home about.Hot Chocolate is in a tiny space and there are tons of tables, so it can get loud, meaning the restaurant may not be a best bet for an intimate night out.Okay, so when I like a place I have to go back!  This time we choose dessert over brunch and it did not dissapoint.  My husband chose the chocolate cake two ways (which was complimented with a milky sauce)  and the "half and half" hot chocolate.  I chose the brioche donuts covered in sugar, though as this was dessert instead of brunch it was complimented with a chocolate dipping sauce and caramel corn.  I didn't quite understand the addition of the caramel corn, perhaps different versions of the donuts or different sauces would make more sense.  I had the "light" hot chocolate again as I just could not get enough of it the first time around.  Keep in mind it is all VERY rich, so the carafe of water comes in handy!  Initially, we planned to use our restaurant.com gift certificate, but realized that the cost of our desserts did not qualify (e.g. $25 gift certificate for dinner only Sun-Thurs with a minimum of $50).  Though I don't like the restrictions, with the restaurant.com deals it is a bargain.  It just means we will have to go back for dinner :)  I enjoyed the ambiance of the candle light for dinner, though as a two person group for dinner it sucks to always be stuck at the tables on top of each other! You want to enjoy the company of your guest, not all the patrons...and you should not have to scoot past each others dinners to go to the washroom.  Oh, well.  I will hope they redecorate, but I will still come back to try dinner...and maybe brunch or dessert sometime soon as they are my two favorite meals!This place was not bad. The service was good, the atmosphere was very social, the decor is very sheek and modern, and the hot chocolate (over ice) was the bomb!  I ordered their mac & cheese which was pretty good, but it wasn't all that. Then for dessert I had the fried donuts with caramel popcorn which was YUMMY, and be sure you order a hot chocolate it's obviously their signature and it sure was damn good with their homemade marshmellows! On the other hand, the food was a bit expensive for the portions. The wait was rather long for walk-ins, (although there are many stores around the area for you to shop at while you wait) be sure you make a reservation!I would definitely go back to try other things on their menu!Hot Chocolate is a wonderful winter spot - I've been here a bunch of times.  My fav entrée is the burger, very tasty and the cheese on there is just so good, it makes the burger.  Is it the best burger I've ever had?  Probably not.  But it's on my top 5 list.  So, last time I was there I figured I love the cheese that is on the burger so much I'll get the cheddar melt - mistake.  I hated it, could only get down 2 small bites (this coming from a girl that was starving!).  I think a lot of people would probably love the cheese, but it was the 6-yr cheddar (instead of the 4 yr that's on the burger) and it was way too strong and bitter for my pallet.  And, if I did like it I could have eaten 2 sandwiches as it was pretty small and measly.   I've also had the pasta (with butternut squash) and was very disappointed. The deserts are divine though.  Everything we've had I loved - including the thoughts on a peanut butter cup, chocolate #1 (and/or 2?), and this last time something to do with bananas which was pure heaven.  And of course the hot chocolate is great.  You cannot come to this restaurant and not indulge in dessert.I will say that we got much better service when we sat at the bar - the bartender is great!Hot Chocolate offers the following: ambiance (chic and minimal), good service and great food. My girlfriend and I came here for brunch on a Saturday afternoon and devoured our food!I had their quiche of the day served with a side salad, then added their french onion soup -out of this world! She tried their eggs benedict - also great.After dining here, I am now going to have my bridal shower here! That should say something.Let me start by saying that I love the decor and the homemade marshmallows. I will be back, but just to have some hot chocolate on the uncomfortable looking sofa in the front. My friend, and I had dinner here. She had the shrimp and grits and said that they were good. They also serve duck, which I love. The food was tasty, but expensive for what we got.I found the dessert to be lacking. I waited, anticipating something great and it wasn't. They did have a variety of hot chocolates to choose from, which I like a lot. I would go back, if I were on a date, as this is a nice restaurant, but I wouldn't go with my friends.Every time I come to Chicago I HAVE to eat at Hot Chocolate. I'm told it is owned by an award winning pastry chef and you can tell. Homemade donuts and jam for a brunch appetizer? yes please!!! The wait isn't usually too bad and they have coffee in the waiting area. The hot chocolate is an indulgent and delicious treat and comes in different flavors. The menu is constantly changing and everything I've tried there was delicious. Last time I had the brioche french toast and it was KILLER! My boyfriend loves this place too even though he doesn't enjoy sweets because they have delicious egg choices as well. I highly recommend this Hot Chocolate and can't wait to go back!!Really outstanding desserts and great hot chocolate. Had the chocolate #1 and it was perfection in chocolate form. The dan o banana was a perfect creation for a banana lover. Their hot chocolates are the best around.In addition the service is always top notch and hospitable. I will one day try this place for dinner but its hard to argue with just stopping in after a meal anywhere else.Yelp can hide reviews!?My friend and I went to lunch here with a group of about a half dozen people.He left an honest review of the place.Things he included in his review that we both agreed on...Overpriced - rude servers - too much up selling - pretentious - etc.The place does have really good hot chocolate but it is not the type of place you want to go to enjoy a meal.I wanted to read his review so we searched for it on my computer and learned that the restaurant must pay Yelp's monthly fee (I believe it is around $300) and they had the listing removed/hidden... THIS IS A REVIEW SITE!!!If you don't let people give honest reviews and the merchants cry about people telling you how it is we will find another service to use.YELP FAIL.Hot chocolate... improve your service, don't charge $15 for a hamburger that is OK and maybe you will get better reviews!LOVE this place ! I'm a chocoholic so this place is heaven for me. We've been here few times and mostly to get late night desserts. Service was fast on all the times we've been here. Street parking however is hard to find but we will drive around until we get one just to go this place. They do have Valet parking for $10.We ordered the Warm Doughnuts and Honey last night. Both were delicious ! Honey was creamy and crunchy and not too sweet. A must try! I've also tried hot chocolate and shakes in the past and they were great.I have to go back to this place for lunch or dinner.I tend to think the dinner menu is a bit over priced, but the brunch is excellent if on the pricier side.However, the pastries and hot chocolates are out of this world good.  I can't even imagine having a better hot chocolate than the Medium at Hot Chocolate.  Hands down, so good I would drink one in today's 100 degree heat and be happy.This is probably the only restaurant in Chicago I regularly purchase "make your own at home" supplies from, and you should too.  And the staff are happy to make suggestions on adjusting the recommended recipe to allow for less chocolate mix or ratios for heavy cream substitutions so that  your hot chocolate at home can be just as as in the restaurant but without scaring you when you see what goes into it :)  (And really, the chocolate is so dense and delicious, it really doesn't need the cream and full fat milk to create a decadent treat.)Can I get a holla for creative, fun desserts and brunch? HOLLA! Hot Chocolate is just a fun place to eat. I first came here to try their desserts a few years back because they sounded so unique. Butterscotch Ravioli? Salted caramel with pretzels? Um, I want to go to there every day. Later on I checked out the brunch, which was INSANELY good in a city full of great brunch spots. I had a ginormous breakfast sandwich on a freshly baked biscuit, a great tomato soup with super aged cheddar grilled cheese, a killer pastry and bread basket, and many more items I can barely remember but just know--they kicked ass.Dinner was pretty good, and I particularly enjoyed their chicken liver pate. SO rich, so smooth, so good! Go here, especially if you dig fun desserts.I came for brunch with some gf's to see what all the fuss was about and to try this amazing hot chocolate. Do go on time if you want to go for brunch--it's a small space with limited seating so it fills up fast. I don't like that they won't seat everyone until all of your party has arrived. We had one latecomer, and for the 3 of us who were on time, had to wait over 40min to be seated. The food was nothing special (I had friends who went for lunch later that week, and they were underwhelmed by the food as well). The hot chocolate was interesting--I had a sip of everyone's. I thought mine (the mint one) was a little too rich/sweet. I enjoyed some of the more traditional chocolates and the homemade marshmallows. I might go back for dessert only--which I've heard is really good.Dinner: 3 starsDessert: 4 starsNot sure why vegetarians love their menu as only a couple dishes were veggie.Great beer selection.I will have to return, likely just for dessert and maybe to give the dinner a second chance. The concept of the restaurant is high quality, fresh American, but the execution of my hamburger caused the great fall. I asked for medium and burger came out charred and well done, killed the cow all over again. Even the chips and pickles being freshly made and the adorable, individual sized ketchup and mustard bottles couldn't compensate for such a fundamental flaw. For dessert, the hype is worthy as the innovation was evident on the menu and execution rocked on the plate. I had a dreamsicle baked alaska and it was complex and delicious all at the same time. Next time, I obviously will also try the signature hot chocolate.Hidden gem of desserts.  Chicago dessert bar, genius i must say.  Fall in love all over again, OWWww!!The pecan pie with pecan praline ice cream!!!  Pie dough is made with bacon fat.  Mexican hot chocolate served with house-made marshmallowIt was ok, the highlight was probably the dessert, which should be expected from a place with "chocolate" in its name. My friend got the fish, and i got the beggar's purse.... i didn't finish mine at all... it was literally... like a pie of cheese.... i thought a beggar's purse was supposed to have other ingredients in it? anyways, she got the fish, and it was ok... i def. ate more of hers than i did my own dish though. They give you an entire fish... haha not many american restaurants do that. But being Taiwanese, i of course don't mind that, nor did my friend. the skin of the fish was burnt, probably because they grilled it too long, it was sort of dry (but that may be just personal preference). dessert: Best part of the meal. Since it was my friends birthday, they gave us doughnuts, and we ordered the s'more cake, strawberry pie, and skillet souffle. 3 out of 5 of us liked the pie the best.I'll be back for dessert,,, maybe, but probably not for the entreeNot my cup of tea. Over priced for what it is. Don't get the black bean soup. They don't have the mussels on the menu. Creative desserts but not coming backThe hot chocolate is where it's at. Sugar on sugar. Topped with more sugar.  The regular food items, not so much. I sampled from the Lamb and Salmon and both were underwhelming. For the price range and tiny portions, the food should be flavorful and crisp. Lackluster meal in general. There is, however, a freshness to each ingredient. I just wish that the combinations of flavors tasted like how they sounded on the menu. Service was sweet, the staff look like they are friends. It's a classy joint but I probably won't dine there again.Great service, great atmosphere and decor. The food however was good, definitely not worth the price. Beet salad was refreshing but decent - no worth the $10 charged. Steamed mussel was a little small and lacks flavor.  The chai chocolate is a little too sweet for me. The donuts, however was really good.Let me just start off by saying that my friend and I literally trekked from downtown Chicago, took the EL train, and changed train lines twice at 10 pm in the rain with no umbrellas or hoods just to come here and try this place. Was it worth it? Yes. We came here and literally just sat down for dessert and ordered The Flight (I think it's called?) Essentially, it's just 5 different takes on chocolate cake/dessert. It was really really creative, and the portions were small enough so that we wouldn't be so overwhelmed with all the chocolate, not to mention we shared. It was really just a really fun experience trying different types of dessert that the order came with, and I thought it was really cool that they even had like an iced chocolate dessert liquid that came with the order. The server was also very nice and helpful, letting us know which ones to eat in which order and explained the details of each dessert before letting us dig in. I also bought their hot chocolate mix and homemade marshmallows to-go because I'm not from the Chicago area. The marshmallows are so good, it's literally to die for. I probably just sit in front of the tv with a pack of those marshmallows and consume it in 10 minutes without even realizing it. As for the hot chocolate mixes- beware: it's not your average hot chocolate mix. There are instructions on the back of the mix to tell you how to make it, but it really does come out thick and you really do need to strain the hot chocolate because the mix is literally chunks of chocolate, and if you leave all the bits in the drink, it gets way too thick and chocolatey, even almost bitter. Anyways, one of the only reasons I marked down a star was because it is on a pretty pricey side, just for dessert. Our order was $24 + tip and tax and my hot chocolate mix was $20 .. I'd probably come here again just to try something else, but I definitely wouldn't be able to come here on a daily basis.The food is good, great concept, love the decor. I've been twice and had unacceptable service both times. The waiters/hostesses were very nice, but there is nobody to wait tables and/or cook.On my last visit, I got my meal and sat for 10 minutes while my girlfriend waited on her meal. I ended up finishing my cold breakfast, walking up to the counter to complain and her food finally came out of the kitchen. 20 minutes after mine had already came out. They comped our meal and were very apologetic. But it was too little too late. I won't return until this place can get it's service under control.We went here for dessert only. Great atmosphere, super nice waiter, artfully presented desserts, and very delicious.  Most of the desserts are $11. I got the banana bread thing and would definitely recommend it.I have to admit, I was sadly disappointed. Maybe I expected too much..the name alone had my mouth watering. I'll start with the positive. My Pumpkin soup was good. The taste was impressive, but it was luke-warm at best (and should have been served warm). The dessert was very yummy- but sample sized. We were going to split one, but it was literally bite sized. My salmon was disappointing...and I love Salmon. It was good, not great. All sides are a-la-carte, and I wished that I had ordered some because the Salmon was so incredibly small. The food was not bad at all, just not impressive (save for the bite of dessert). Overall, for the price I expected to be wowed. I would have given the restaurant 3 stars if it was not for the service. It was a busy night, but we could never get the waiter. Our waters sat empty, he did not let us know the soups or specials and we would have ordered more instead of leaving hungry, but it took to long. The only reason I would consider going back is for the opportunity to try the actual Hot Chocolate.Excellent service, excellent liquor selection, premium quality food. All specific items change as it's a seasonal menu.I recently went with my restaurantouring group The Flying Jesus Garbage Factory featuring Ian Wehrle and the Mother Fucker. We began with an order of the mussels, the cheese plate, and the beet salad. The sheer size of the platter of mussels would bowl over any non believer. Then to add it it, they were all properly cleaned, and cooked in a wonderful cream broth. The cheese plate had an ample sample of three and more than enough nuts, breads, and dried fruit. The beet salad was "good."For entree we had a hamburger, the pork loin, the short rib, and the wild mushroom lasagna. The pork loin; although perfectly cooked (and the side risotto was incredible) was a bit salty, The short rib was fall off the bone and accopmanied by a wonderful sauce. The hamburger was juicy and had a large slab of high quality cheese. The wild mushroom lasagna was the standout. It was increibleThe desserts were, as always, outstanding. I could spend a lifetime talking about them. Let me just say, Always save room for dessert.Friends of mine LOVE this restaurant so I was definitely excited to go and sample the chocolate delights available. The chocolate milkshakes are great and my friends Mexican hot chocolate (traditional) was amazing. Unbelievably rich and satisfying. My meal, the mussels appetizer, was great and definitely filling. The broth and mussels were cooked perfectly. Then we move on to dessert, which had a huge expansive menu. It was definitely difficult to choose. We went with the s'mores and more dessert which was good but honestly, not as good as I hoped. The chocolate center was a tough brick, but overall it was fine. I would definitely go back to try other stuff again. But the great part about the restaurant is that everyone sitting in the booths would look at what others ordered and ask if they liked it, etc. That was a great community feel. So while dessert was a bummer (ironically), I would try this place again.One word: Delicious.Must try dishes include the mussels and mac n cheese. The mussels are prepared in a cream sauce with bacon and grilled bread for dipping. The mac n cheese is simple, yet incredible.Best Freakin' Dessert in the galaxy!  The Chocolate #1 is a warm souffle cake served with a homemade pretzel and a dollop of salted caramel ice cream.  You get chocolate, you get caramel, you get crunchy, salty, cold, warm - I slumped into my chair and groaned with delight at every bite.  My wife and I went here for my birthday - we'd been several times before and always loved it.  This time, we ordered the pate (wonderful!), corn soup (very good, but very rich - glad we split it), and both had the burgers.  The burger here is one of the BEST I have ever had anywhere.  It's grass-fed beef that is very lean, yet full of beefy flavor and juicy.  The sharp cheddar and thick cut bacon were complimented by an excellent pretzel bun.  (I think the bun is where most burgers fall flat, but it is very important in my burger world).  It was served with home-made potato chips that were very crispy without being at all greasy - yummy.Our service was excellent, attentive just when we needed it.  The bus staff was great, too, very efficient and friendly.  My only complaints are that Hot Chocolate is very loud and the tables are crammed in quite tightly.  But listen, with all of the great restaurant choices in Chicago, this place is SO good and SO special that these complaints should not stop you from giving it a try.I went last night for dessert with my husband and a friend after hearing about the bacon chocolate chip cookies. We ordered the dark hot chocolate, which we were told was was thick like spanish drinking chocolate. It was not. It was also served with a thick milk skin across the top like it had been sitting and cooling for several minutes before being served. Kinda gross. However the marshmallow on top was delicious.The Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup really only made me think I would rather have a Peanut Butter Cup. The peanut butter cheesecake overwhelmed all other elements of this dish. It clearly needed more texture and something salty to balance out the flavor. Also the cheesecake portion should have been thinned.The bacon chocolate chip cookie was saddest of all. It wasn't warm and had way too much granulated sugar in it. I had one small bite and stopped eating because the roof of my mouth felt raw from the sugar crystals.We also took a box of cookies to go thinking they are the specialty. I had two today and so far nothing has been unique or particularly special. And they are extremely oily. Every Midwestern housewife can whip up these cookies or better.I really expected more given the James Beard Nominations. Needless to say, I'll go to Xoco next time I crave hot chocolate with my dessert.Pros:The hot chocolate is probably amongst the best I've ever had, second only to Jacques Torres and his magical blend of hot chocolate out east in NYC.  I've had both the Half & Half and the Black & Tan, and both were scrumptious.  The brunch menu is just one delicious treat after another.  If you're at all like me, you'll second-guess yourself a lot, especially if you're torn between savory and sweet.  Rest assured that whatever you pick, it will probably blow your mind.Cons:There was a little bit of attitude.  The hostess did not acknowledge my friend and I when we entered, and if it weren't for my thirst for justice, she would've seated the yuppie couple who arrived after us first.  Our waitress, however, was very sweet, albeit a bit frazzled.This restaurant has the potential to be a 5 star! Take note- this is not just a dessert place, the food is spectacular as well.The food is amazing! The mussels and monkey bread were a delight.The duck is d-lish and despite being luke warm the scallops were tasty.Of course the highlight was dessert. I had the banana bread pudding but because we waited almost three hours for our dinner to end (due to some V-Day kitchen issues I presume...) the manager brought us an extra plate of the donuts. We didn't order them but we sure should have - they were absolutely to die for. YUM!Can't wait to go back when they've got things a little more under control.Went here last week with my wife and a friend of ours.  They open at 10:00 on Sunday, and we got there at 10:30.  Every table had been filled, so we waited for maybe 20 minutes, but it wasn't bad.  The waiting area was comfortable and they gave out complimentary coffee, which I thought was a nice touch.So how was the hot chocolate itself?  I had the Half-n-Half, which is half coffee, half hot chocolate; a drink combination I had never ever thought of, but sounded great since I love both.  It was a great way to start a Sunday!  Sweet and caffeinated!  Who could ask for anything more?The sweet plate - while delicious, I'd skip it.  The food there is great, and if you have this AND some hot chocolate/coffee before actually eating your breakfast, you won't be hungry (like me) for the ridiculous, they-must-have-filled-these-with-crack brioche toast!My breakfast was crazy good, despite the fact that I couldn't finish it.  My wife had the quiche which was so fluffy and delicious!  My advice - definitely get here.  My wife and I have lived in Chicago for about three years now and finally got around to getting to Bucktown to try it and we weren't disappointed.  I'm not sure it's great for kids, but there were some families with young children there, so maybe I'm wrong.  But great food and great service.  I'll be back sometime soon, I hope!Went to Hot Chocolate for dinner last night, and it was a very pleasant evening.  We got to the restaurant aboput 10 minutes early and were seated immediately, which was nice.They have a great beer menu, and we decided to go with the sandwich selections for our entrees.  I had the cheeseburger, and my girlfriend had the Lamb wrap.  Both were really good, albeit extremely greasy.  Grease was literally dripping profusely from the wrap.  We also split the doughnuts and Choklat desserts, both of which were amazing.  The doughnuts were fresh, warm, and are served with hot fudge.  The Choklat is like a big frozen smore.  I'd return to have that burger again, as well as sample more desserts.We walked in to hot chocolate about 11:30AM, for brunch and perhaps, some of Mindy's fabulous mac and cheese.  We were told the  wait was almost 2 hours, that's fine! Two hours is not long to wait for an amazing briouche french toast.  My thing is, we wanted to share a bottle of champagne or wine and we were denied. When the bartender said the waiting area does not have service, I said fine we will buy it at the bar and take it over to the waiting area (I feel like i've done that in the past).  I was informed that once we sit down, we could have wine service or enjoy the complimentary coffee in the meanwhile.  I don't drink coffee, and if I did, I certainly wouldn't want to drink coffee for two hours     I love hot chocolate and Mindy is great! I understand that after being on Martha, things are going to be a bit crazy and I dont mind waiting for great food, I just want to be able to have a drink(not coffee).We asked the host to take our name off the list and traveled to another restaurant where the wait was almost just as long, however, we were able to share a bottle of champagne and some wine...I'm not only about the drink, but it helps in the waiting proccess. I will return to the scene of the crime, but next time, Mindy, may I bring my own bottle?I stopped in this weekend to get a treat for myself and my friends, we were lucky to have awesome timing as it was after 5pm, so all the desserts in the case were half off. As for the food, I remember my first time being awesome, and we rolled outta there happy and full, but I guess we must of over done it the last time we'd been there because my memory of the food is all about the stomach ache I had after wards. Just be warned, however good this spot is, it's just so easy to over do it here.Ok, this is my 3rd review in one sitting (had a lot of catching up to do) so Ima keep it simple:AWESOME AWESOME. Can't wait for someone to take me again. Maybe next time I'll have room for those cookies/deserts in the glass casep.s.For best results, be sure to make a reservation#1 thing I love on their menu: BLT Sugar-cured Gunthorp Farms bacon, butter lettuce, tomatoes and mayo on a toasted homemade bun with a shot of roasted tomato soup  For all you bacon lovers out there: it is absolutely to die for. The sandwich was a tad bit greasy, but my freshly squeezed OJ washed it all down quite nicely. I love the shot of soup on the side; it coupled the sandwich perfectly.I went here for a bridal shower and had their sandwich tasting menu for $30/head. It was a bit on the pricey side when you consider the really small amount of food you got. =( I left feeling hungrier than when I came, but then again I couldn't eat half the sandwiches on account of being lactose intolerant. But negative business aside, their hot chocolate was great & I absolutely love their bacon chocolate chip cookies!!! So overall, I'm not too keen on pricing, but their food is absolutely delicious.I heard about this restaurant through a television show a month prior to my Chicago trip. I knew I had to try it because of the different hot chocolate concoctions. We went for dinner and once I walked in, I was blown away. I instantly fell in love with the ambiance of the restaurant. It was a small restaurant, so our table was pretty close to the couple on our left and right but I didn't seem to mind this time.Our waiter was exceptional! He was able to answer everything we asked. We were given a glass bottle of water to refill as we wish. I enjoyed that because I didn't have to wait around to get refills. I ordered the duck breast and my boyfriend ordered the burger. The duck breast was delicious and one of the best I ever had. the dinner was delicious but I came for the HOT CHOCOLATE. Instead of having the hot chocolate at the table, we took it to go. I didn't exactly know what I wanted, so in the indecisiveness of it all I ordered something I didn't quite like. I think if I had the hot chocolate there, I would've been able to look for something I would've liked.BUT OVERALL.... I would definitely come back everytime I'm in Chicago!!!Our friend Maggie was in town so we wanted to try a new place and we were not disappointed.  We had heard there can be a wait for this place but only had to wait about 10 minutes and grabbed seats at the bar.I had the Dessert #1 and the "light" hot chocolate. My wife had the "medium" hot chocolate and the Creme Brulee and our friend Maggie had the Mexican hot chocolate and the Brioche Donuts.There were NO losers here!We wanted an after dessert shot and the bartender recommended vanilla cognac! So Good! Was a great end to the experience.Will definitely recommend it and go again!This review is very long overdue but I had a dinner here with a girlfriend over the summer and I was unimpressed. I had a seared tuna appetizer that was so bland and boring. Also had the pretzels and nothing special there either. I know a handful of places that I have had better mac and cheese at as well. However, I will give 5 stars to the iced hot chocolate which is to die for. I think from now on I will reserve my visits for dessert and not waste my money on the food.There is obsolutely nothing wrong with this place.Four us of met there for dessert and we were all delighted.The Creme Brulee was phenomal! But my favorite of all is their HOT CHOCOLATE, (imagine that) Peeps, it's orgasmic! Seriously, it's to die for. IF you go here make sure you get a cup of this decadent hot chocolate.First time just went in on a Friday night for dessert- without reservations. Service was horrible- we were barely acknowledged. Decided to give them another chance, this time with reservations. My boyfriend and I did dinner and dessert. Steak was great and so was the burger. Medium hot chocolate was delicious and so was the dessert- chocolate #1. Once again service was horrible. Service gets 2 stars.. But since the food was so great from start to finish I have to give it 4. What could have been a 5 star experience all around, was ruined by the service... Will go back for hot chocolate and wonderful home-made marshmallows...If you are ever in the area of Wicker Park & Bucktown and you're looking for a good ambiance, not to mention great food with the best sweet finish you'll ever eat... this is the place you want to go. Everybody here is really cool, don't mind the unfriendly hostess... you won't talk to her ever again after she's sat you down anyway, though she might ask you to move because she forgot the spot was reserved.Despite that, the service you'll encounter is 4.5 star class, specially if you're blessed with Doug as your server. The food is right on point.  They have a great beer and wine selection and their desserts are made with dairy that comes from local trusted farms. If you're lactose intolerant, bring a lactaid because, TRUST me... their desserts are worth it. I am a big fan of crème brûlée, and I will have it if it's on the menu, regardless of how full I feel. Hot Chocolate has by far, THE BEST crème brûlée in the city of Chicago, hands down.For starters, try their Beets Salad, you'll understand why cured meats are a thing right now and if you didn't like salmon before... oh you will. If you don't know what you want to drink, beer or wine... ask Luke at the bar, he'll suggest something you will not be disappointed with.Do NOT eat here for lunch or getting food. Desert ONLYWaiter was a douchebag.  Not really attentive.  His upselling was obnoxious.  His constant asking if we wanted another hot chocoalte, drink, cookie, etc. omg we already had way to may was way out of hand.  Even after saying no he kept asking.Food is WAY OVERPRICED.  Hot chocolate was amazing, but $6...Burger was $15 and nothing spectacular.  It came with bacon.  I don't eat bacon.  I asked to substitute a fried egg for bacon and the waiter was rude about saying no.  So I have to pay $2 more even though I'm not getting bacon on my burger.  Come on!Food was really rich, almost overly rich.  I wish I came here only for Hot Chocolate or for a desert.I would never return here for food.Went here with sisters and it was nice outing.It was kinda funny/annoying, but they make you wait even if your table is ready! We got there about 15 minutes before our reservation time, which I hear is usually a good practice. Not only did we wait until our reservation time, we even waited 15 MORE minutes. The table we ended up seated at was a table that was vacant the whole time we were there. No biggie, 30 minutes isn't such a big deal since I was pretty comfortable in their waiting area.And now, to food. I didn't know what to expect. I thought chocolate would be an ingredient in everything. Yes, ignorant and stupid I know, but I was kinda hoping :-)I had a smoked snapper with potatoes and it was phenomenal. We also shared mac-n-cheese as an appetizer. It was raved to be the best-most-"awesome"-mac-in-the-world and I have to say it was "Ok". I think people just had gotten my hopes up on getting some magically ecstasy high or something from this. Sadly, I did not reach a level of Zen that day :-( And now, desserts, CHOCOLATE! Right? I was so confused! Everything sounded sooo good! I was full from dinner but one sister and I decided to share. We could not come here and pass on dessert. So we shared a chocolate cake, lava stuff and all. It was yummy. I washed it down with a spicy hot chocolate that was super rich. But definitely perfect for a chocoholic. 4 stars for food, 2  for annoying wait for no reason (or a reason I don't much care to know). Enjoy!Hot chocolate for desert is excellent. Especially the flights of hot chocolate if you are into that sort of thing. But what really impressed me on the weekend was the amazing breakfast. Surprisingly, given the focus on chocolate, the savory dishes are a notch above the sweet ones.  The restaurant appears to be fully ADA accessible.My third time at Hot Chocolate.  Still a fan.  Here's why:- Starter I enjoyed - Shrimp and Grits - 5 jumbo shrimps - cheesy grits - bacon bits - stewed tomatoes - addicting sauce - Starters I'm looking forward to trying - pork belly & mussels- Entree #1 I enjoyed - Duck breast with crispy skin - done right - no game-y taste - better when served with duck confit - lemony polenta or risotto -  (skip when accompanied by lentils - yucky unfortunately)- Entree #2 I enjoyed - beef short ribs with assorted mushrooms - tender - sauce was out of this world- Dessert #1 I enjoyed - Chocolate malt milk shake with cookies - chocolatey - malty - cool - very sweet - small but tall glass but still enough to share- Dessert #2 I enjoyed - medium hot chocolate - huge homemade marshmallow - silky and smooth - very sweet - when told it was shared they split the hot cocoa into two cups - very generous - made me smile- Tip - Busy restaurant - Get there early or late - rush period is 7-9pm - expect to spend around $30-$40 per person if getting entree and dessertGood but not up to the hype surrounding it. Went on a Saturday morning for brunch with a couple friends. Nice place. But LOUD and chaotic. Service was decent at best. The pastries, coffee, and hot chocolate were really good. I had the quiche and the eggs were wet and undercooked. I was looking for a place to have a bridal shower and heard that the 'kings table' by the kitchen was a good spot. Emailed  Hot Chocolate and was told the table would hold 10 people. Boy am I glad we checked out this place before booking the bridal shower. When we were there we saw a baby shower with about 10 people and they barely all fit at the table. The table is not in a quiet and private place as described. It is slightly removed from the rest of the chaos but definitely not private. (It was within plain view of our table the entire time). I'd go back another time (a less busy time) and give it a second shot.This place is for the sweet tooth.  I came here for dessert  with a date, we got seated quickly next to 2 other dates.  Seating is tight, you get pretty cozy with the people next to you which can be awkward for the dates.  The date next to me didn't seem to pleased when I laughed loudly but hey I was enjoying myself!We ordered the black & tan and the "Mexican" Chocolate with some dessert ta ht I can't remember.  Personally, I like my sweet things to be on the not so sweet side.  It's thick and really really chocolaty with a homemade marshmallow.  Silly me threw the marshmallow in before tasting it.  Bad idea on my part it was just too much sugar.  I drank the whole jar of water and really need a glass of milk.  Love sugar and chocolate?  This is your place.  I hate to not like this place because it's so cute but it's just too  much for me.How can a place with hot chocolate in their name be so bad at making hot chocolate? Mine tasted syrupy, and I sent it back and had it taken off the check. The tables are so close together that you can't help but eavesdrop on the people next to you. The mirrors on the wall are good so if you see a server approaching you know not to gesture wildly whilst they approach. Skip.I feel I can only give 4 because I've only tried dessert. But why try anything else?The donuts and carmel corn cant be beat. My first thought was how I didn't want to eat anything else that night because it would only be a disappointment. So I drank away my sorrows.I want to try dinner here b/c it looks awesome and if its anything like the sweets it's got that 5th star.Ambiance was great, too. Sat in the lounge area by the window. Romantic yet practical.Stopped by here randomly on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty packed. We were seated immediately though in the lounge area because were were just having hot chocolate and dessert.  It lived up to the hype!I had the "medium", as recommended by the waiter, and it was awesome the homemade marshmallow also made it even more savory. We also ordered the chocolate souffle with the salted Carmel ice cream, however the waiter brought us the donuts and Carmel popcorn by accident. We didn't send it back because it looked so amazing. After one bite we were OK with our decision, it was sooooo good!I'd definitely go back, and this time for the whole meal. The menu looked pretty good. Seems like a good place to get apps to share so you have room for dessert and hot chocolate which is a must!I am a service oriented person. Sometimes even if the food is phenomenal and the restaurant is amazing, shoddy service can really ruin the entire experience for me. Such is the case with Hot Chocolate. I was here for desert on a Friday night. It was busy, but they do have the appropriate staff to handle the rushes. My server spoke English with a very thick accent and didn't understand what were were ordering. Two of the dishes had to be sent back because she brought the wrong items. She was also nowhere to be found most of the time so it made it difficult to correct the issues. All of the service issues aside, the desserts are really a special experience (however horrifically over priced) I live in San Francico so I am used to city prices and James Beard winners, but this place does not offer a portions to accompany the outrageous prices. The ice cream is $12 for 3 scoops that were made with a melon baller. If dessert is going to cost $13-17 ($11 for a milk shake folks) I expect to at least get a little bit of something for my money!Hubs and I have gone in once and it was great.  I did feel a bit of the 'snobbish' attitude others have commented on, but mostly the experience was great.  The hot chocolate is SUPER RICH.  I can never finish a whole one.  Hubs goes about once a month to get me hot chocolate to go with extra marshmallows.  We think the marshmallows are amazing.  My favorite is the Mexican!  I'd definitely suggest going if you haven't been.  Oh- mac and cheese is also delish!I found Mindy's Hot Chocolate by searching for "best desserts Chicago" - and it did NOT disappoint! It's in a great neighborhood (Wicker Park) and it just got a facelift in the past year. The low lighting, exposed brick and black/brown interior is AMAZING.All of the desserts are so wonderful (and the marshmallows are to die for). I got the Sweet Potato Pie and the Chai Hot Chocolate. They were both stellar.I want to go back sometime and try their food. Mindy just won a James Beard Award!Their crab cake sandwich was recently pointed out to be one fo the top 50 sandwiches in the city, and it does not disappoint. Our server was awesome; very personable and knew about the menu, and we ate REALLY good. Not a lot of breading on the crab cake, and the use of coleslaw as a spread might turn some folk off, but all in all, a great sammich.My partner and I rode our bikes here and sat right in the front with the huge open wall. Nice outside breeze combined with the indoor AC and it was a heavenly escape from the humidity. We only tried the iced hot chocolate (regular and mint) and as everyone else says, it's a must try. I've never heard of iced hot cocoa but the idea is genius.It was a beautiful day outside, and this place was cold. I did ask the hostess if it could be fixed and they did. It's a really cool looking place. Staff were friendly. A little loud, but not too bad. I was planing on getting the hash. I should've gone with my gut. Someone ordering before me was ordering the Burger. The waitress told us that it had won an award, (not sure which one) so I went for it. Bacon was also involved. They recommended medium.The plate looked awesome presentation was great. The burger was just overcooked. I would definitely go back if someone wanted to.So sweet~~~Another droplet in the deluge of compliments for Mindy's.  Interesting carrot salad; the mac 'n cheese has been adequately lauded.  Very good desserts particularly.  Almost looking forward to Chicago winter so I can return for the hot chocolate in the proper setting.The bottom line for me was:  Delicious food, friendly staff, good music, good drink menu.  Long wait, but I guess that's a good sign.  Make reservations!The food here is just as rich as the deserts.  Don't just think of Hot Chocolate as a desert place.  Everything was very good and I'm sure I overate.  Save room for that desert!  I can't wait to go back and try some other options.Dining at Hot Chocolate this past weekend was an up-and-down affair.  The wife and I got there a little early and sat in the great lounge area up front for pre-dinner cocktails.  Our waiter was great and the drinks, a basil gimlet and something with cherry, were very good.  Unfortunately, our guests, my family coming in from the suburbs, were very late.  I explained this to the hostess and she very generously held our table.As luck would have it, our dinner waiter was the same as our cocktail waiter.  He was very gracious, accommodating my step-mother's obscure food allergies.  Though the food took forever to arrive, it was very good.  Not excellent, but very good.  The crust on the rack of lamb was perfect, but the sausage in the lamb kasa sandwich was extremely greasy.  The mushroom lasagna got a mild thumbs-down (slimy, under-seasoned), while the tuna melt got raves.Dessert is where Hot Chocolate really shines.  The different flavors of hot chocolate were all superlative (1/2 & 1/2, medium, light) with incredible-tasting cubes of house-made marshmallows (after many failed experiments and a few successful ones, I'm a sucker for home-made marshmallows).  I got the Banana^2, which was very, very good.  I never got a chance to try the Study in Chocolate, as I think my dad ate it before the plate hit the table.  The cookie plate, as usual, was an incredible mix of sweet and not-so-sweet confections that The Wife and I truly enjoyed the next day over coffee.Really, I give Hot Chocolate 3.5 stars.  The food is very good and the service is extremely friendly, but the kitchen is very slow.  A little fine-tuning in the back of the house would boost this place to 4-5 stars.Went here for brunch and absolutely loved the food.My biggest gripe was that it was overpriced...$10 for a fruit plate (nothing too special on it either)Coffee comes prepared in an individual french press (nice touch!)We ordered:buttermilk sandwich (local sausage, freshly baked biscuit, eggs, aged cheddar) - absolutely delicious.Fresh ricotta and eggs - also well-cooked and very tasty.We didn't have any dessert (sue us)Highly recommended for brunchI would say this place is very hit or miss.  When its a hit, the food is AMAZING.  I had the best hot pretzel here ever.  And the hot chocolate was truly to die for.  I dont understand how they make such good hot chocolate- I had the one with coffee ice cream in it.  Soooo good.When its a miss, it is truly disappointing.  I got the beet salad after a recommendation from the server.  It was terrible.  After two bites, I was ready to stop.  Also, in the miss category, I must add that our service was not good.  We made reservations and ended up being seated half an hour late.  Also, our server seemed to ignore us when we didnt order anything expensive on the menu.  Overall, I will definitely try this place again, but I will be crossing my fingers that things are a hit.Been here a few times for dinner (no kids) and brunch (with kids)...it is usually very busy, but I suspect will be, even more so, since Mindy Segal has had some nationwide media lately (Martha Stewart, O Magazine).In a nutshell...Positives + nice space, good service, good for date night, good food, hot chocolate is very tasty.  ( I say 'good' not great, memorable.)Room for improvement - parking is challenging, a 'scene' = long wait, brunch was not a winner for us...came at the tail end and it seems we got the last dry bits from the service (dry ham, steak & eggs etc.)It was as the stars indicate, ok/alright.  We will be back for dessert, but try a new place in the area for din din.I've been here 3 times, once for dinner, then for lunch, then yesterday for brunch.  I have to admit, dinner and lunch were a looooong time ago (like in 2008). I had a good experience at dinner--I had soup and some sourdough bread that didn't really taste like sourdough.  The doughtnuts and dark chocolate were de-lish. Then a few weeks later I went for lunch.  I ordered a wrap with some mushrooms in it that were so salty that they were inedible.  I sent it back for a salad that wasn't memorable.  Sorry I can't cite exactly what I ate, but I think the point is to describe your overall experiences.Yesterday I went for brunch, and this time, I ordered the shrimp and grits.  I dug in and about 2 minutes into my meal, I realized that the chef failed to devein the poop canal in the shrimp.  I'm not sure what restaurant thinks it's ok to leave it's shrimp like that.  Are they counting on people not noticing or not knowing any better? I was grossed out, so I didn't eat the shrimp, which was the main protein in the meal.  I didn't send it back this time.  The grits were good.The waitstaff told me they would bring the shrimp to the attention of the chef and took half off my meal. The dark hot chocolate and monkey bread were devine, though.Bottom line, I will not be coming back here to eat a meal.  Dessert, on the other hand, is what they do best, I think.For those whose life is made great by stumbling unexpectedly into a really great restaurant, well... my life is great. We were printing up our marathon t-shirts at T-Shirt Deli (cute place next door to Hot Chocolate) and since it was dinner, we decided to give this place (with a sweet beverage name) a try for dinner. Woohoo! From the getgo, Shrimp with Grits appetizer was awesome. Wife had the lamb (forgot the exact name) wrap/sandwich and I had the fresh fettuccine with scallops. Our oohing and aahing could be heard across this fairly noisy, and somewhat crowded and trendy restaurant. Filled to capacity on a Tuesday! It would be hard to put an exclamation point on such a meal, but they did, with their signature chocolate tart! Sonny gave us great service even though we were giving him so much (good natured) sh**!Was really excited to try this place, went at 1pm add was looking for lunch. No lunch here, just brunch(ha, that sounds funny, but i was not looking for eggs). Poor service, slow. Really wanted to try the desert they are so famous for but the waitress couldn't even describe the options to me- no menu of the deserts was available so I simply had to ask for a cupcake at random...overall, the experience could have been much better with improved service. i'll still give it anther go for dinner.This is an overdue review. By this time, I have already wagered five times on Hot Chocolate's macaroni & cheese as the best you could ever have. It's so good my friends could not even attempt to lie just to get out of paying for my dinner. So after capitalizing on Hot Chocolate's macaroni and cheese, I figured I owe it to them to at least give a review on Yelp.While I could live off their macaroni & cheese, they are named Hot Chocolate for a reason. It is sacrilege to leave this place without having their hot chocolate. I don't care if you have to adjust your belt two holes or undo your buttons altogether, you cannot walk out of this place without that wonderful, thick, creamy hot chocolate forming a mustache on your top lip. After which, I normally depart the confines of this place no different from the way a sloth would - slow and clinging to someone's arm to support my bursting belly.Been here twice....once for dessert and once for breakfast...both experiences were great. The hot chocolate options are like none I've ever seen...and the hot chocoloate is like drinking chocolate syrup with some marsh mellow heaven.The Duck Hash was both unique and delicious. A must try!My Fiance and I went to Hot Chocolate on Sunday night, accidentally. We were supposed to go to the cafe down the street except they were closed so ended up here. It worked out rather nice. Both of us were very impressed it was a packed house late on Sunday. We waited about 30 minutes to get a table.My first thought entering Hot Chocolae was the ambiance being DARK like chocolate and then trendy with a hip Wicker Park/ Bucktown twist. We ordered:The bone in porkchop. Very good and almost as pricey as a steak??The burger. Very good again. The bun was a little too toasty for my me but overall yay!.1 Belgian Beer1 Dark Hot Chocolate Drink.. Very Sweet. However, very yummy.Final Thoughts:Its a little pricey for what I was thinking. However, it was a very nice place to go. From a guys perspective, this was a nice place to bring your date, or spouse. I can't really see it as a place that dudes would want to meet up. However, great place for the girls to indulge in CHOCOLATE fantasies.  Its a must try. Cheers!Yes, it is expensive.  Yes, it is busy. Yes, it is slightly on the pretentious side.  BUT...everyone should try it at least once.  The reality is that there just aren't many great dessert devoted restaurants in the city (only a plethora of cupcake shops).  Mindy Segal really knows what she is doing.  The hot chocolate is some of the best I've had - rivaling Spain.  If you love dark chocolate, you will more than approve of the black & tan.  The homemade marshmallows are delicious.  Be aware that the prices for some things just aren't justified.  For example, you probably won't be satisfied with the $11 cookies or an apple pie that your Grandma can totally beat.  However, the Chocolate #1 truly is one of a kind.I've gone twice for the desserts and hope to return for the award winning burger.Went over to Hot Chocolate Friday night at 11pm...got in immediately..yayHad the Mexican Hot Chocolate and had a wonderful desert, but I can't recall what it was :(It's always kind of tight in there..because it's always busy.  But  I will go back and plan to take outoftowners there as well.I love going out to eat. Period. There are many ways to enjoy Chicago and as far as good eats and good drinks go, it's debatable that the Chi is the best. I sometimes find myself craving certain dishes from certain places on a regular basis. When I am craving dessert (or my girlfriend is), Hot Chocolate is the place to go!Upon working at one of Chicago's best contemporary restaurants, I heard about the enormous talent of Mindy Segal. She is the chef/owner of Hot Chocolate and is quickly becoming a legend in her own right. Our own pastry chef, Elizabeth Dahl, was creating some seriously incredible desserts at the time...(Note: My favorite all time dessert was by Elizabeth Dahl - Bleu Cheese Cake with Black Walnut Ice Cream, finished with grape consomme and carbonated grapes. Seriously, it's been 2 years and I still remember the sweet savory balance of that incredible dish...you find Ms. Dahl up in WI these days...)Anyways, I have never actually had dinner at Hot Chocolate. It has always been about the dessert (it's almost like going to a steak house and ordering fish). I am sure the food is good, but this is the best place to go for dessert hands down. Mindy Segal has been nominated 5 times for the James Beard award of "Outstanding Pastry Chef!" One of these years she will win, but in the meantime I will continue to enjoy the incredible treats she creates!The last time I went, my girlfriend and I had a couple "hot buttered rums" while we waited for a table after a Bulls game. If you have 3 of them you will be drunk and probably increase your risk for heart disease by at least 10%. It seems like there is a ton of rum and a stick of butter in each glass! It is worth taking a few years off your life.When we sat down for dessert we didn't know where to start, but decided on the "Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup" and a bourbon-poached bartlet pear dessert with bruleed Zingermann's cheesecake. I do not even need to go into detail about them, just go into Hot Chocolate! You will not be let down.And guys, if your girlfriend likes desserts take her there tonight! The place is romantic, cool, and a great stop before heading home. She will love the desserts, she will love the drinks and she will be in love with you for taking her to such a sweet little spot!Let me start by saying, i have a gluten allergy and can't have anything that involves wheat, barley or rye. This quickly eliminated about 99% of the menu for me.  I ordered some soup. Which for $8 was decent. Nothing spectacular.  I decided upon the pork belly salad. With the word SALAD in there i thought it would have involved LETTUCE. it did not.  The serving side was  so small that it left me wondering, WHERE IS THE REST OF MY FOOD?!  The meat was good.  Again, not enough though.  I would have gotten dessert but unfortunately we had the slowest server ever.  my group & i were pressed for time and couldn't sit around to wait for the waiter to take our dessert order and then take his time to bring it.  we left without dessert.  i probably won't go back based upon the fact that the serving size wasn't appropriate for the prices and the limited choices a person with a gluten intolerance has.There's no questions about the deserts... mexican hot chocolate w/homemade marshmallow, chocolate chip cookies w/ bacon, special request to the bartender for an adult (read: spiked) chocolate milkshake. I always save room because they never disappoint. If you are there when the roasted butternut squash soup is on special, do that and the mussels. You will be scraping the bottom of the bowls/plates with the crunchy bread, spoon, mussel shell, finger.I am reserving the last star for when I try the dinner menu. If dinner can match the standard of their desserts, then I think I have found my new favorite restaurant.We ordered the peppermint patty shake, pumpkin cheesecake, and a banana chocolate neopolitan.  Actually, we had pumpkin cheesecake with a gingersnap crust, mini brioche donuts (and mini brioche donut holes!), pepita brittle, creme anglaise, and toasted homemade marshamallow -And a neopolitan of homemade graham crackers layered with chocolate, roasted bananas, banana malted ice cream, freshly whipped cream, and a milk chocolate rice krispie on top.  What sets Hot Chocolate desserts apart is how balanced they are.  The peppermint patty shake was sweet and rich without being overwhelming. The cheesecake was especially smooth with spicy notes of cinnamon and nutmeg, not to mention the mini brioche donuts just tickled me.  There's nothing quite like homemade graham crackers and marshmallows, and HELLO banana malted ice cream.Mini cookies from the bar are 1/2 off on Sundays after 5 pm.  We collected on this deal.  Hot Chocolate: Thumbs up.I'm obsessed with their mac n cheese! Seriously best mac an cheese in Chicago. I recently also had their cassoulet and it's delicious. They source their duck meat from a local Indiana farm and the beans in the cassoulet are marinated for 48 hours. If you're craving a hearty stew during the cold winter months, I highly recommend this dish and of course the mac and cheese. :)One complaint is how close some of the tables are together along the wall. But other than that, the service is fantastic and the food is great.I was really stoked about going to Hot Chocolate. My visit last weekend, was a good experience overall. The service was great. Our waiter was very attentive, nice and super friendly. He even offered to change my dark hot chocolate in case it was too bitter for my taste.I went in for dessert - the chocolate souffle was amazing! The medium hot chocolate was pretty good with the homemade marshmallows. The only low point was the brioche donuts plate. They were not special at all and overprice for what they areLiked it so much I had 2 full cups!!!!Never had hot chocolate this good ever anywhere.I absolutely love this place! The atmosphere is simply divine and the food is unbelievable from start to finish! I came here for a birthday dinner and I ordered the duck salad. The duck was cooked to perfection and had a little crispy edge to it. I adored this dish and had to fend off my boyfriend who wanted more of it! It came in a small serving but nonetheless delicious. For dessert I got the chocolate souffle.... OMG, the best souffle I have ever tasted. It is light but the chocolate is rich which melted well with the ice cream that came along with it. We devoured this in a matter of minutes! I will be back for more!This place is amazing. I came for my birthday, and it was the perfect meal. Our waiter was excellent. Plus, we got to sit in the window. I ordered the crab cake sandwich and it was delicious. My date had the burger, and he loved it. I had the cherry study for dessert, and it was really wonderful. They even put a little candle on the plate and wrote 'Happy Birthday' in chocolate for me, which was a thoughtful touch. My only problem was I took a long time to enjoy all of the different parts so things started melting! My date ordered the chocolate coffee milkshake for dessert and it was so good! Really coffee-chocolate-licious. I'm looking forward to the next time I can come back.We arrived in the late afternoon and the restaurant was only serving drinks to go (or to be enjoyed in the lounge area at the front), but that was just fine for us.  We tried the Mexican hot chocolate and the dark hot chocolate, and also ordered some cookies from the display case; the cookies ended up being on the house, which was very nice.  This is indeed some serious hot chocolate that tastes even richer once it starts cooling down.  I wasn't able to finish my cup, even with intermittent sips of water (which our server brought, along with an admonition that we would need it).We tried the bacon chocolate chip cookie (crisp and rich), lemon brown butter shortbread (tender and rich), chocolate cupcake (fluffy and rich, with a light buttercream frosting), and a perfect housemade vanilla marshmallow (which comes with every cup of hot chocolate).  Delicious!I have mixed feelings about this place. The savory plates were ok, but they were kind of expensive. I probably wouldn't come back for dinner. Dessert was better. Cookie variety package was cool, but again, pricey. I would say, stick to the hot chocolate. My favorite: the half and half. Best hot chocolate I've ever tried in my life! Totally worth trying it!Overall, snobby environment, crappy service, up scale decor, but delish hot chocolate!Where do I begin? I REALLY wish I had seen some of these recent bad reviews before planning this place as the third stop (dessert) for my husband's 35th birthday celebration. I didn't even know how much I hated this place until I got home and realized I had spent $75 on 2 bites of dessert and 2 drinks. I first will say, I do not live in the city, especially this area of Wicker Park. While I've been to and enjoyed places that give you the smallest portions on earth, usually those dishes are REMARKABLE, rich and amazing. The $24 chocolate flight was anything but that. Like another reviewer said, they just stick it in front of you and don't explain anything (at least give me the menu back so i can try to figure it out myself) so even if I did particularly enjoy one part of it, I couldn't tell you what it was. It was SO DAMN SMALL that we both barely got one whole bite of any of the items. We also got the banana bread pudding which was nothing like any bread pudding I've ever had (i.e. not great) In fact, my love for bread pudding is the main reason I chose this place! That and it was open late. We also had a beer (overpriced) and some hot "craft" cocktail that tasted like weak chocolately coffee with a tiny bit of liquor thrown in. It took the bartender like 17 minutes to make it, so I assumed it was going to be a lot better than it was for 11 or 12 bucks. *EDIT* I forgot, we did also have a scoop of the peanut butter and jelly gelato which was admittedly very good, but again baby-sized and probably 6 bucks. On top of that, the staff don't seem to really give a shit. We made an open table reservation and after calling and telling them our dinner was running long and we'd be late, they proceeded to put us down as a no-show. Then when we arrived, our rez had been cancelled (wasn't too busy luckily) and the host gave us the teensiest tiniest table (I'm 5'11, my husband is 6'4" we're not petite) so we moved to the bar and she gave us the huffiest dirty look. Excuuuuse me! The bartenders were just alright. Since we were in late, they seemed more concerned with their cleaning/closing duties.I really don't usually consider myself a food snob, and if something is above and beyond, like I was expecting, the money part isn't even that much of an issue. Maybe how NOT superb I thought it was is directly related to how insanely over priced (and overrated on yelp) it is. I'm thinking all the good reviews must be from really young hipsters who just like the ambiance and feeling fancy with tiny desserts and really don't know what "good" is. I had a $5 flan the day before which my friend brought me from one of the Mexican neighborhoods that 100% put these desserts to shame...should have went there instead!I've been waiting to try Hot Chocolate for a while. I went for lunch today with a friend. She had the grown up grilled cheese and tomato soup which she thought was "O.K.". I had the pulled pork reuben...it was dripping with sauce, the bread was soggy, the portion size was tiny and it was $13. I was disappointed but figured I had to try the Hot Chocolate ... another disappointment. I had the Mexican. Although I was impressed with their homemade mallows I thought the hot chocolate was just okay ... neither of us finished our cups which was sad since they were each $6! We both left with a stomach ache and a dent in our wallets for mediocre food and rude stuck-up waitress. Good things: The hostess was very friendly and the atmosphere was nice.Went walking around Bucktown to try some hot chocolate and decided to order the Mexican. First off, the marshmallow was amazingg! Kinda wish I bought a bag, but then again, if I did... I'd end up eating the whole thing (fat kid in me saying OoOoO YEAH!). The hot chocolate was super rich and tasty with a nice touch of cinnamon and a kick from the cayenne. This is a must try if you're in the area!Seriously BAD food. Not sure if I just went on an off day, but their attempts at gourmet failed miserably.  I would have been better off with Nestle hot chocolate, making my own grilled cheese, and I won't even go there about their eggs.I really like the brunch here. The eggs Benedict are some of the best I've had. Service is pretty good and generally a short wait for brunch.The only good thing I experienced at Hot Chocolate on the evening of Tuesday 10/14/08,  was the decor. It looked cool. That said, the tables for two were uncomfortably close together and the noise level was overwhelming. The food was mediocre at best and with entrees starting at $10-$15 more than Lula, Treat or Cafe Matou which are all excellent, I felt totally ripped off. I was extremely disappointed and aggravated.The service was even more disappointing than the food. I ordered a glass of wine within 5 minutes of being seated and it took another 10-15 minutes to come. I knew this was a bad sign and I was correct. The service was wholly impersonal and distracted. Our server always had his attention on his other tables when he was with us. He seemed to have more tables than he could efficiently handle. Everything took 10-15 minutes longer than usual. From the initial drink order until the check finally came, I was perpetually wondering what was taking so long.A $120 meal, should have been and usually is so much better. I will not go back.p.s. The cup of hot chocolate was good.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! my boyfriend is in LOVE with their mac and cheese...its a bowl full of heaven for him. although he does have this look of guilt when he finishes it.i had the steak entree which the server recommended and it was the first meal in ages that i ate the entire plate!we bought dessert goodies to take home and their brownies are phenomenal!It's really nice and contemporay place, the desserts delicius!  I tried hot chocolate , but it's was to rich for me! so i had to order milk  =(Nice place!A girlfriend of mine and I went here last night to catch up, and I am so glad we decided on Hot Chocolate.First - make sure to call and make reservations; if we hadn't we might not have gotten a table since the place was packed.  Surprising for a rainy Tuesday night (although the 1/2 price wine might have had something to do with that)The service we had was excellent - my friend is pregnant and misses alcohol so she asked the waiter to have the bartender whip up something mocktaily, and was very pleased with the results.  I had the cold chocolate, which was okay - if a bit bitter.We both ordered the Frisee salad, and I must say that is was one of the best salads I've ever had - the flavors melded so beautifully, and my friend agreed.For dinner, I got the mac and cheese, and it was more on the runny side than what you expect from Kraft, but it was fantastic - you just eat it with a spoon instead of a fork.  The portion was relatively small, but I could have just eaten half of it as it was so filling and delicious.For dessert, I got the mexican hot chocolate, and mused aloud to my waitress that I wish I could get a half order of the donuts, because there was no way I was going to eat the whole thing.  She said "let me see what I can do" and came back with a half order which was two donuts and I still could only eat one.But, awesomely enough, she offered to-go cups for our hot chocolate (which was WONDERFUL), and a to go box for my dessert.I will definitely be back here again, and it's officially one of my favorite restaurants in the city.This is not a lunch place just because they are open for lunch and have won numerous James Beard awards for desserts.  This is, perhaps, an after-lunch place.Three of us went for lunch and all of us were very disappointed.  The tuna salad (Salad #2) is astonishingly uninspired (literally a dollop of tuna, a dollop of egg salad and some sliced veggies with a toasted bagel...really?).  The hamburged looked thoughtful but turned out to be shallow and insipid.  And the service was solidly mediocre to boot.The desserts did look fantastic and I've heard good things about dinner - but I would never recommend this for lunch.Whenever I go on vacation, I make a point of looking up the must-visit food establishments in the area. This is my first time to Chicago and all of my research suggested that Hot Chocolate would be right up my alley. My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to get a Saturday night reservation last night.Hot Chocolate is located in Wicker Park, which is apparently full of cute bars, restaurants, and trendy clothing stores. They boast local ingredients and sustainable farming distributers if you're into that kind if thing, but most importantly, their food is delicious. The decor is totally romantic - dark wood, dim lights, candles on the table and lots of wine bottles in shelving behind the bar. The tables are very close to each other, lending it a bit of a European feel that some might find cramped but which I find enchanting.We both ordered a glass of fruity Cabernet and opted for the biscuits and honey butter as an appetizer. We got six tiny, flavorful biscuits that went absolutely perfectly with the pot of butter and honey that came with it. As a main course, I had the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had (which is saying something because mac'n'cheese is one of my hands down favorite foods) which was just as tasty cold, hours later, when we were hungrily waiting in line to see Too Much Light at the NeoFuturists theater. My boyfriend had sweet potato ravioli with pork cheek that he let me get a taste of. The ravioli were perfect and the pork cheek was so tender and delicious.We couldn't leave without getting dessert, so we had one off the seasonal menu. The pecan pie with pumpkin cheesecake and ice cream was decadent and delicate and was the perfect portion size for us to share without feeling too gluttonous.All in all, I would highly recommend this place. Our service was friendly and prompt and the food was fantastic. I only wish I had more time in Chicago so that I could go back!Hot Chocolate is one of those restaurants I have been dying to try since I moved to Chicago almost 3 years ago. I have made many attempts to visit this place, but I had failed until January 2nd, 2010. What a way to start the new year! Hot Chocolate was everything I expected it to be and more.Located in the Bucktown neighborhood, Hot Chocolate is located near some pretty great stores, including Marc Jacobs, and the notable T-shirt Deli. The outside of the restaurant is very unassuming, but when you pass by the window, the warm atmosphere is enough to draw any passersby inside.I was joined by my boyfriend and our friend Mike for my inaugural visit. We were seated in the center of the restaurant, giving us views of the bar, the kitchen, and the other diners. Because we made our reservations at the last minute, we had an early dinner at 5pm, but Hot Chocolate was already bustling.Three Sister's Stone Ground Cornmeal and Buttermilk Biscuits - served warm with house-made butter seasoned with sea salt and fresh local honey. These biscuits were (OMG) the best thing I ate that night. Mmmmmmm, biscuits. Surprisingly sweet and crunchy, these were served with a volcano of freshly-made butter erupting with delicious local honey. I might have slathered a more than average amount of this delicious goo onto each of my share of the biscuits! These disappeared too quickly for my taste - I could have eaten a basked full of these little guys!Hamburger - house-ground Heartland beef, organic bacon and Widmer 4-year aged cheddar, house-made pickles on a garlic-toasted bun. Can we just take a moment and look at this burger? Let's evaluate the description alone: House-ground Heartland beef (why would anyone every eat anything but?); organic bacon (bacon at it's purest); 4-year aged cheddar (ok, aged cheddar is my favorite of all cheeses to start with, and now you're putting it on top of house-ground burger and organic bacon? sweet jebus!); house-made pickles (I'll never eat a vlasic again); garlic-toasted bun (yes please!).You'd think from my description of this meal (and we didn't even get to the amazing cole slaw or the russet potato chips) that I would have ordered the burger, but I did not! I actually got the tuna melt, which was delicious in its own right. My boyfriend, Josh, got the burger. And he said, "It was the best bun-to-meat-to-bacon-to-cheese ratio I've ever had. It's the best burger I've had in Chicago." Take that, burger bars!Chocolate  #1(64%) - warm chocolate soufflé tart, salted caramel ice cream and housemade pretzel. The tart was delicious and the caramel ice cream did not disappoint either! To top everything off, the housemade pretzel was extremely light and crispy- a perfect compliment.Overall, Hot Chocolate was a very fun place to enjoy our Saturday evening meal. The atmosphere was a combination of coffee house meets stylish restaurant. The lighting was the perfect amount of dim, and the service was excellent.Check out Hot Chocolate - especially those biscuits!Check out my blog for pictures: breeeatschicago.wordpres…I've been to Hot Chocolate a couple times now in the evening. It typically is pretty busy here, and reservations are highly recommended to make a good couple or more days in advance (esp for the weekend).Each time I've gone, I've only eaten from their selection of sandwiches so far. It's been written on here before, but I must reiterate that the burger is pretty darn GOOD. It was a good size, juicy, and every ingredient on there just meshed beautifully. The only thing that sat at the same level or above for me thus far is their Chocolate #1 dessert. It was heavenly and I've always enjoyed the mix of salty and sweet in chocolate desserts. Mindy Segal got it right on with that one and proves why she's a renowned pastry chef!What a great experience! Everything was great, from the appetizers (they have so many, and all so appealing) to the main dish, from the drinks to the desserts which were SPECTACULAR. Four stars, and not five, simply because the choice in terms of main dishes is quite small compared to the great selection of starters. One way to go about this is to actually order only from the starters menu.But whatever you do, DO LEAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT! Honestly, the banana cake, the peanut butter cupcake, the chocolate melt...they were all to die for.This is the most delicious brunch I have ever had in Chicago.  Now, to be fair, I only moved here in July.  And my love affair with chocolate is a long and twisted one.  In fact, I believe I love dark chocolate more than sleep, hot showers, and any man I've ever dated.  But trust me, this place is amazing.The clear specialty here is of course, hot chocolate.  But when I say hot chocolate, you may be imagining a mug of Swiss Miss with mini marshmellows floating on top.  What you should be imagining is taking the best chocolate lava cake you've ever had, scooping out the middle, then serving it on its own in a big cup, just a bit more liquidy.  If you've ever been to Spain - think of the chocolate you get with churros.  Not only that, but for dark chocolate lovers like me, they have a dark chocolate version that's to die for.The thing that really amazed me though is that the chocolate isn't the only amazing edible here!  I'm also a huge fan of brunch items, especially eggs benedict and anything with goat cheese.  It took forever to decide what I wanted off a mouth watering menu, but I finally decided on a goat cheese sandwich, and my friend got the quiche special that day.  Both were fantastic.Two thumbs up, and if I could grow a third thumb, that one too!I love this place. It works well as a place to grab drinks/dessert after dinner as well as a dinner or brunch spot. Brunch is AMAZING and one of my favorite spots to go in the city. Sadly I think alot of people feel that way so it is really hard to get in on the weekend and I don't believe its open for brunch through the week. The mac and cheese and cookie sampler are my favs.Very few restaurants impress my Dad.  He has one of those go anywhere eat anywhere jobs that keeps him busy flying from San Francisco to NYC to LA to Chicago to his home in Phoenix.This restaurant impressed him and me.  Both times I have been the staff has been knowledgeable, courteous, and helpful.The food is outstanding.  The only complaint I could make is that I fill up on all the wonderfulness and have to stop eating at some point!One of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.I usually make a reservation a few days ahead of time when coming here.  Have also managed to get seats for dinner at the bar when it's been crowded.The place is very modern.  Probably only about 30 tables in the restaurant.  Definitely has a wow-factor when you walk in.I always get hot chocolate as an appetizer!  It's too good to pass up.  I love the Mexican chocolate.  And it's served with a homemade marshmellow, which is amazing!My favorite dish is the mac and cheese, which is listed on the menu in a category by itself.  The burger (with fried egg) is also divine!And even though I'm always stuffed, it's too tempting to pass on dessert.  The Beard award winning pastry chef really knows what she's doing.  I recommend the peanut butter dessert.  It is out-of-this-world.This palce gets my highest recommendation.  I have nothing but wonderful praises for Hot Chocolate!I LOVE HOT CHOCOLATE.I went for the first time maybe 2 months ago, and have been back literally five times since.  Brunch is amazing.  Dinner is amazing.  Everything is amazing.If you go to brunch, you MUST get the sweets.  Like a breakfast appetizer - a little plate of selected pastries.  Perfect for sharing.  Probably also perfect for not sharing.  The way they do their pancakes is unbelievable, too - it's baked, so it's one big, fluffy affair with a nice crisp outside.  Crazy good.For dinner, the burger is obviously a winner, and the mac-n-cheese is definitely worth ordering to share as a side.  Dessert is a must.  Chocolate cake two ways blew my mind.I also have a platonic girl crush on the server we always get.  She's super nice but never hover-y, and she always remembers me.  Love!Love:- Quiche with duck confit and cauliflower (Very very rich and creamy!)Like:- Shrimp grits- Pineapple, passion fruit froyo smoothie- CookiesSo-so:- DounutsGood place for brunch.What was ordered:Hot Chocolate: There are a variety of hot chocolate you can choose from, depending on your taste.  I chose "Medium" which is a mix of milk chocolate with a hint of dark chocolate and caramel.You could order the hot chocolate hot or cold.  The hot chocolate is very rich and sweet and comes in a huge mug (should you order the hot one).Food: Genoa Salami Scrambled Eggs - the dish was good and had a good amount of salami within; however, it is something you could make at home.Other dishes tried were the Open-Faced BLT - this was good, it was well-balanced with the acidity.  The Hash was also good but needed a bit more salt to balance the somewhat sweetness it had to it.Sweets: Warm Doughnuts - the raspberry preserves served on the side was a good mix with the doughnuts.My wife and I went there for dessert only.  They don't take reservations for this, so be prepared to wait.  We arrived at 9 pm on Friday night and were seated right away.  The dessert menu is extensive and every item we got was fantastic.  The hot chocolate, as you would expect, was excellent.  I'm used to it a little hotter as it came sorta luke warm, but still excellent.  Ambiance can be noisy and they really cram you in there, but all in all a great experience.My husband and I went for dinner. We arrived at 7pm on a Saturday and only waited 15-20 minutes. The restaurant is small and cozy, but the noise level is definitely high as the tables are quite close together.  Also, for a hot summer night, they didn't have the air conditioning on high enough.We started with the pretzel appetizer.  The cheese fondue sauce and mustard that came with it were excellent. I also highly recommend the riesling and the milk stout was very tasty. It had a great balance of chocolate and coffee flavor.For dinner we had the hamburger with fried egg and the tuna melt. Both were very tasty, particularly the house made pickles. Finally, the main event...dessert. The half and half hot chocolate was a very rich mix of espresso and drak chocolate. The homemade marshmallow was best eaten on its own! We also split the warm doughnuts with hot fudge sauce and caramel corn. The saltiness of the popcorn was a perfect compliment to the sweet and fluffy doughnuts. Even with slow service and a loud and overly warm atmosphere, the food would bring us back. Overall, a great dinner!Yum! My husband and I stopped by here for a little after-dinner treat last Friday night (around 9:30pm?). We still had to wait about 20 min. for a table but it was worth it. I had the Mexican hot chocolate, he had the Medium hot chocolate. AMAZING! Melted chocolate in a cup with a homemade marshmallow- it was very rich (neither of us could finish the huge cup), but still worth trying. We shared the brioche doughnuts- which I was a little disappointed with. I thought they would be round and soft, but instead they were a churro-version of what I was expecting. Eh, leave it up to pastry chef creativity, I guess. I would have liked the traditional version. All in all, a good experience. They know their chocolate! The decor and setup of the restaurant was beautiful. I'm a big foodie and LOVED being able to see into the kitchen. It looks like they have a chef's table back there, too, which would be a great experience to try- I'll keep it in mind for dinner!You know, I go to Hot Chocolate at least once a month if not twice.  I go with confidence knowing that it is my favorite restaurant in Chicago.  I've sent numerous people there to dine and I've been there at least a dozen times.Last night started off bad.  I noticed a lot of new wait staff in the space.  Our hostess had a cold and irritated attitude going on, and there seemed to be an issue with our reservation.  I felt like a bother to her.After we were sat, we waited over 15 minutes without anyone stopping by or even making eye contact.  Our app arrived - cold.  I inquired about it but was told there was nothing different about it.  Wrong.  I get that appetizer every time I visit.  I know it in and out.  On top of that, they changed my entree without updating it's description on the menu and my server kept touching me.I'd hate to not visit anymore, it's my favorite spot.  I am hoping it was just the new staff and maybe a bad night.  I hope it's not a hit or miss experience, for $100 a couple it shouldn't be.Had a really nice brunch with a girlfriend here, and it seems to be a popular spot for small groups.  The goat cheese and egg sandwich was deliciously messy, and the Mexican hot chocolate was exactly what I wanted: thick and spicy.  I walked around the whole rest of the day thinking about it.  The restaurant is noisy and tables are crowded, so I do not suggest trying to get more than 4 people together here as they do not take reservations.It looks like their other pastry selections would be delicious, so I will definitely be back.My sister and I had dinner at Hot Chocolate last Sunday for my birthday and then some friends met up with us there for dessert.We ordered a salad and the pretzels as appetizers.  The pretzels were great dipped in mustard and cheese!  The salad was very good as well.  I had the trout(yum) and my sister got some humongous lamb sandwich, that she said was good.  She got the medium hot chocolate...drool!  Their homemade marshmallows are sooooo good!For dessert we got the dreamsicle, the fried brioche donuts, the chocolate torte, and the peanutbutter cup.  My favorite was the donuts.  I liked the torte and the pb cup but I didn't love them.  The dreamsicle was tasty and really pretty!Plus, our waiter was super adorable and funny.  All in all it was a great experience and I will FOR SURE be back.  (Hopefully I'll get the same waiter!)Desserts that will take you to heaven! AMAZING!Quite possibly my favorite dessert place in town.Expect a wait (unless you get there really late or really early). Chocolate based drinks are great as is the ever changing menu of desserts. The peanut butter cup was rich and decadent as was a banana pudding based dish. Highly recommended!One of my favorite places to go to when I lived in Chicago. I'm a big fan of Wicker Park district, and this is the place I like to go to eat at. Ambiance - very cool. They have big windows that fog up in the winter and the set up of the store is very artistic with a nice bar. Great atmosphere to bring a date, grab drinks, etc.Service - attentive and good!Food - very good food, I had the lamb and also the dessert was very good. I remember the prices not being that bad either.Overall this is a great place to dine, chat, and relax. You would want to sit here and really appreciate the place for its dining and feel.My girlfriend and I stopped by Hot Chocolate for dinner and dessert on a Wednesday night.  She had eaten there once before, so she knew that reservations were necessary, even on weeknights.  We made one for 7:30, showed up right on time, and were promptly seated.Pros:- Cozy, romantic decoration and lighting.- Everything on the menu looked interesting and appealing, at least on paper.- Very tasty food, made of locally-grown ingredients.- Very reasonably priced sandwiches - about half of what the entrees cost.- Water jugs on the table, so you don't have to wait for a refill.  (the jug itself was refilled very quickly when we finished it, too)- Efficient, knowledgeable server.- Lots of dessert choices.- Delicious hot chocolate.Cons:- Loud.- Tables are VERY close together.  Close enough that you're actually thankful for how loud it is, since the ambient noise makes it easier to ignore the conversations going on 8 inches to your left and right.- Portions are small.- Appetizers are very expensive.  Salads are wildly overpriced, considering how tiny they are.- Hot chocolate was served warm, but not hot.  Luckily it was 70 degrees outside, so we didn't really mind.- Hot chocolate was so sweet and rich that we couldn't finish them.Overall, I'd definitely go back, though I'll opt for the "Dark" hot chocolate next time, hoping that it won't be quite as sweet and rich as the "Medium."I threw a baby shower here for a friend/co-worker in May.  First of all, thanks to the Yelper who wrote a review of her baby shower experience here - I was looking for a good venue at which to throw one and came across the review upon Googling "baby shower Chicago" or something.  I am so glad I did!We had a group of 9 ladies, and I really appreciated that there was an event planner to help me plan the perfect menu and date/time.  I chose Saturday at noon for brunch.  We created a custom pre-set menu for the shower (a nice souvenir for the guests!) and she reserved the "chef's table" for us in the back - a large comfy booth area that was perfect for our group.Food - great.  We started with the fruit salad (two bowls, family style), did tomato soup shooters, then quiche w/a side salad for the main course. I wanted a dessert theme in keeping with the restaurant, so we saved room for 2 desserts - the warm doughnuts and that weekend's special of a variety of pastries for the 2nd one.  Both were good.  Tomato soup was amazing, fruit salad good, and great quiche.  Drinks were each person's choice- most had coffee vs. hot chocolate to save our appetites for the dessert.  A couple of us stayed afterwards to enjoy some hot chocolate and it was fantastic!!Ambiance - great as well.  Nice dimly-lit space, trendy but casual enough that one feels comfortable.  Good service - our waitress was very nice and helpful and fairly available.  They gave us a little table to set the gifts on, which was a nice touch.I would definitely recommend this place for a shower - nice, trendy, fun atmosphere.  As we were leaving, it looked like there was a larger group wedding shower towards the front as well.Thank you, Hot Chocolate!  This was the first shower of any kind that I had thrown, and it turned out perfectly - everyone had a wonderful time.First, let me say my rating reflects the food.  The hostess and our server were each pretty flaky, which made for some slow service, but the food was spot-on.I heard of this place from a local foodie friend, and as Hubs' favorite drink is Hot Chocolate, I knew we'd certainly hit this up over the weekend.  We met a different local friend there who'd never tried it before, so all three of us arrived excited to try it out.Hubs and I got there a few minutes before they opened for Brunch, and the place was virtually empty.  Ten minutes later it was standing room only (so get there early, and with your entire party!).I ordered coffee (french press!) and the Warm Doughnuts (served with delectable raspberry preserves) for the group ~ they were a hit!  For my meal, I had the Mindy's Breakfast Sandwich, which is much more inspired than it sounds.  Their menu changes daily, so I don't have a cheat sheet to list all the ingredients, but they included: egg whites, lettuce, tomato, ricotta and chili oil.  I ate every last bit of it and wasn't jealous of my tablemates' choices at all (though I did consider each of their meals for my own order).We made it out of there with none of us having tried a Hot Chocolate, but we did take home some homemade marshmellows.  We'll definitely be hitting this again when we're in town; they serve all three meals and loads of desserts!This is lovely little number tucked in a corner of Wicker Park.  Great spot for a late night drink/dessert or hot chocolate for one of those cold Chicago nights.The hot chocolate is decadent and rich! Neither of us could finish ours when we went there after dinner.  They have desserts too but we were too full to order anything.  The have a pretty big drinks menu and a very trendy looking bar.  The ambiance is trendy and relaxed at the same time - very Wicker Park!I liked that it is open till late at night, because that's exactly the time most people are likely to go there -  I will definitely go back!I just had to yelp after another night of bad service. I sat at the bar, and the 3 times I have sat at the bar I have always received lack luster service. The hostess seated us at the bar without menus, and my friend went to the bathroom and I waited for the bartender. I got a smile and eye contact from one of them, but still no menus. When my friend got back we still didn't have menus, water, or a proper greeting. Maybe because I have worked in the service industry for years and know that my wage is hindering on being fast and courteous to people I expect good service. Maybe everyone else doesn't fall into that mind set.But I got up to go the the bathroom since I figured it would be awhile, and when I came back we were only given one water.  I wanted to order a drink, but figured I would have to tip more for crap service, so I decided not to. We ordered our desserts from the unfriendly bartender, (the one with the glasses at least smiled at me). We were not given silverware or napkins. Our desserts arrived, and still didn't have silverware. We tried to get the attention of someone, and caught the eye of the hostess. She was about to grab us silverware, but the bartender realized we needed something. We never got napkins, so I grabbed some bar naps. Come on! I still left a 20% tip. I have always been a big fan of Mindy's and have loved the desserts, dinner, and brunch at Hot Chocolate, but couldn't be silent about bad service any more. I was willing to give them another chance since they just remodeled and hoped that they had remodeled their attitudes. I guess not. Desserts are still great. Not sure if I'd go back. I remember the days of when Doug was our server and have always given great service. Maybe hire people who are actually friendly with this new remodel? Just a thought. Congratulations on winning the James Beard Award Mindy! Hopefully people will enjoy the awesome food and desserts, but if you're looking for great service too you might want to look around. I would have loved to give you 5 stars. :(Contrary to popular belief, Hot Chocolate in Bucktown is not just for dessert or brunch. The dinner menu is creative and delicious. The waiter was kind, patient, and genuinely interested in pleasing each of us. I shared the Cesar salad with kale (which I loved the unique addition of kale although it's not pictured here, you can see it on my bolog) along with the vegetable risotto. Everything was very well done.For dessert, we had a BANANA BRIOCHE BREAD PUDDING . . . which was warm on the inside with a nice contrast of cold ice cream on the outside. It was light and delicate with the perfect amount of sweetness. Who's Hungry?-Chowhound Chickchowhoundchick.blogspot.…Great place for brunch or dessert. Make sure to get a hot chocolate--it is always delicious!Pretty much the definition of decadent.This place seems to get crowded fast. The Hot Chocolate is phenomenal, the mixture of baked macaroni and cheese with hot chocolate is probably not the best idea from a stomach stand point but damn! it is so delicious. Bartender was really cool.went back and had dinner and dessert this time.  I had the burger, my wife went with the chicken.  I'd expect a trendy little hot spot to have great fancy food but probably not deliver on a great burger - but that is not the case here.  My burger was fantastic, one of the better burgers I've ever had at any level restaurant. My wife enjoyed her chicken and loved the gnocchi.  Again we split a medium hot chocolate and each had a dessert.  I went with the strawberry shortcake instead of the banana baked Alaska, and she went with the Milk Chocolate.  The strawberry shortcake was good, but my expectations are so high here that I was a little disappointed that it didn't wow me more-it was very good, but I should have gone with the banana baked Alaska.  Now the milk chocolate concoction was more of a wow dessert - with many different textures, temperatures, and flavors all melding into chocolaty perfection.2nd time, and still love this place.Mindy and I have a love/hate relationship. Love: her food. Hate: I can never decide what I want. I go alllll the time and it happens each and every time.She is a pastry chef, and thus I suggest going for breakfast or brunch, but if you do go to lunch or dinner, get something with bread. She REALLY knows how to bake. And don't you dare miss dessert. EVER!Drinks: Obviously you wouldn't go to a brewery and order a glass of ice tea, but at Mindy's you cannot go wrong. You can get a House Infused Milk (burnt honey is yummy) or you can get a cappuccino (yum yum) or you can get a HOT CHOCOLATE!!! (YUMMY YUMMY IN YOUR TUMMY) Food: Get something with bread... Pancakes, DOUGHNUTS, hamburger, etc. Her Mac & Cheese is also an easy hit. I love salads, but I think she tends to over do them.Her hours are kind of weird:Monday: ClosedTuesday: 5:30-10pmWednesday:  11:30-2, 5:30-10Thursday:  11:30-2, 5:30-10Friday: 11:30-2, 5:30-12Saturday: (BRUNCH)10am-2pm, 5:30-12Sunday: (BRUNCH)10am-2pm, 5:30-10Its name makes it sound like it would just be good for desserts, but in reality, nearly everything they serve is outstanding.  Their menu is constantly changing but for dinner, the burger is always good and everything they serve for brunch is excellent.  Order some Bacon Chocolate Chip cookies from behind the counter on your way out, if only to SAY you've had them.  For your actual, in-restaurant dessert, get the donuts and their chocolate dipping sauce.  I've actually gotten these comped on 2 separate occasions.  Which is surprising since I always thought I was a big deal, but until now I've never had concrete proof that it was true.  But a new day is upon us and soon the world will recognize that I exude the kind of unjustified greatness that is deserving of free pastries.I think this place has a wonderful atmosphere! Like any great dinning experience, the service is set at a slow pace...but in a good way! You get the feel that they love having you there and that they want you to sit back and enjoy the atmosphere/ drinks/ food/ company. You don't come to Hot Chocolate for a quick or cheap meal. It's a perfect place for a date or to catch up with a friend. The food is very tasty, rich in flavor, and comforting. There are plenty of veggie options as well. Also, being in bucktown, it has a very casual and relaxing feel. very enjoyable.I've been here several times, mostly for dessert.  Most recently, we went for dinner with a group of four.The cheeseburger was perfect.  The meat was perfectly cooked, the cheese had a perfect amount of flavor (you could taste its deliciousness, but it wasn't overwhelming), the bacon was delicious and crispy, and the fried egg was a great bonus.  It was the best burger that I've had in Chicago.I didn't get it this week, but on all of my other visits, I've ordered Chocolate #1 for dessert.  It's a nearly perfect dessert -- a beautiful chocolate souffle with a house-made pretzel and caramel ice cream.  The sweet of the ice cream and souffle go wonderfully with the salt of the pretzel.I tend to "stick with what works," so I haven't had a lot off of the menu.  But just based on the two dishes that I've mentioned, Hot Chocolate more than earns its 5-stars.LOVE IT!The name is so appropriate too, because this is the place for hot chocolate. The hot chocolate flight is exciting and opens your mind (and your palette) to a world of hot chocolate beverage possibilities.Also, their mac n' cheese is absolutely THE BEST I HAVE EVER TASTED IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE.... not an ounce of exhaggeration. Seriously, the best.The menu does change frequently, so a favorite dish on the menu may not be there next time you go, but rest assured that there is something for everyone on their menu. Their dishes are simple yet very satisfying, and always creative with a contemporary gourmet flair. The waitstaff are very friendly and the service is top notch. I've been here several times and I'm always up for going again.By the way, never ever skip on the dessert here, no matter what. Beautiful atmosphere, very intimate yet metro feel, ideal for a date night for two.I've heard all but great things about Hot Chocolate and the reason why my boyfriend and I decided to check it out a couple weeks ago. Perhaps we created our own destiny when we showed up 15 minutes late to our reservation - but I called to let them know and the receptionist assured me it would be okay and said, "We can hold your seats for 15 minutes." So as soon as we get there (6:45PM), I run in and let them know we made it. Even before I am seated, the woman goes to me, "Just to let you know - the next reservation after you is at 7:30. After I give her a strange look, she smiles and shows me to our seats. Seconds later she comes back and says, "I'm mistaken, I meant the next reservation is at 8:30." At this point, I'm like really? Ok, I get it - two more people are coming in after us. I thought the little reminders were over until our waitress, who was very nice, comes up and tells us for the 3rd time that our table is needed for the 8:30 reservation! I'm starting to get a little annoyed so I decided to checked out the wine menu, and after hearing three or four bottles were no longer available, we ended up choosing a fantastic and not too expensive bottle. Just when we were starting to enjoy ourselves, we can tell the waitress is trying to rush us. Our food comes out much quicker than the tables next to us and we were served the dessert menu even before our bottle of wine is empty. I should also add that our waitress called us "Rock Stars" for finishing so quickly and allowed us to enjoy our dessert without the pressure of finishing before 8:30. I should point out that the duck was delicious and the chocolate donuts were out of this world, but we could have gone without the constant reminds of the table after us. We finished around 8:15, and while paying the check, we noticed a kitchen reminder that was included in the itemized portion of the bill that said, "Kitchen note - next reservation at 8:30." Hopefully your visit to Hot Chocolate won't be as rushed as ours...My friends and I came here for dessert one night, and it was pretty busy. We told them we'd be happy to eat in the lounge area, and she said that for the lounge area it'd be about a half an hour. we put our name down and left and came back about half an hour later. We were dismayed that they were seating people that just came in over in the lounge area and that it was just a spill over. I must say, it made us a little peeved to find this out, but stayed.The dessert was AMAZING. I highly recommend PoppyCock, the most amazing dessert, ever.Another favorite of ours in Chicago. We had a reservation but had to wait about 20 minutes. The tables are seated close to each other and it was almost impossible not to engage in conversation with the people around us. Thankfully, it's located in the Wicker Park area, so the people were nice and interesting. We had an octopus with romesco sauce that was executed perfectly. I had a beet salad that was fresh, filling and once again pretty! I also had a soup that I didn't like, but Lee did! It was a butternut squash soup, but they added a little bit of a sweet spice that I didnt like. Lee had a lamb dish that he loved and it was made very well. The food was excellent.We both ordered desserts, of course, and the black and tan hot chocolate was out of this world. Lee has the spicy mexican hot chocolate, he loved it.We would go back again (I go there to get hot chocolate to go), but for an occasion. its very expensive, but a special place that we would recommend to others that enjoy a unique dining experience!Love hot chocolate.Obviously, great hot chocolate & delicious dessertsThe only thing I had a distaste for is the ' waiting ' area .It was really crowded so we had about a 20 minute wait for a group of 6. It was VERY loud.Most people enjoy ' Hot Chocolate ' during the winter months & dont want to wait outside.Their waiting area includes a bench made out of windy tree limbs.Please invest in something a little bit more comfy.Very uneven.  Food was great in spots, just OK in others.  Server was great, but food came out at a snail's pace.  Worst part was the air conditioning.  They told us the air has to compete with the open kitchen in summer and that the air conditioning loses when it is really hot.  When our server brought us free dishes of sorbet to "cool us off", I knew we were in trouble.  Desserts were OK.Not too interested in returning.An excellent after dinner spot for drinks and dessert. The hot chocolate mugs are enormous and have a delicious marshmallow along the side.The place is always busy. I have been here several times and I don't think that I have ever sat at a table. I always end up invading the small lounge area in the front with friends and hovering around a small coffee table.  I haven't eaten dinner here, so I'm not sure how the food tastes, but the desserts are awesome!!!The food is really good, but the prices are not justified. You should never have to pay $8 for a cup of soup. And if you pay $10 for a salad, it should at least cover half the plate. Don't get me wrong, quality is essential, but it should be held in balance with quantity. The decor was edgy and what you'd expect to find on the north side of Chicago. The music was great, but a little too loud. I'm all for jamming out, but not necessarily over a meal your attempting to enjoy with friends while conversing.The name says it all! The hot chocolate my friend and I had (we each got a different one) was superb. I think she drank more of mine than I did hers. The food was very tasty and presentation was amazing. Service wasn't bad definitely friendly but the regulars seem to get more than enough attention. Overall one of the better dining experiences in Chicago.I have died and gone to chocolate heaven!!!! My boyfriend and I came here for dessert and coffee last night and sat at the bar. The ambiance is great! It's trendy yet classic and that art they had on the walls really stood out. Very cute place! As for the chocolate one word: WOW! I had the black and tan hot chocolate to start it's a little pricey but soooooo worth every penny! My boyfriend had an americano which after trying my amazing drink he quickly wanted to trade (fat chance!). We split 2 desserts we had the chocolate souffle with salted caramel ice cream and a pretzel. YUM! We also had the peanut butter dessert. I usually don't like peanut butter but this peanut butter mousse was to die for!Next time I come back I'm definitely trying the menu because it looked great!I am a foodie by heart spending many years in the business. HC gets five stars for the great food, the waiter was attentive, knowledgeable, and very personable.  Having a visible owner on the floor during a busy night says a lot about their commitment.  Well done Mindy and Staff!! PS -  Thanks Chef for making me the Mac and Cheese for dessert....the peanut butter cup was out of this world too.   :-))An out of town friend heard stories about this place, so we decided to check it out while she visited.  We went at lunch time, which may very well mean your mileage would vary if you went at dinner.THE GOOD: The ambience.  Really airy with a high ceiling, nice (if slightly funky) art.  Pretty trendy, Wicker Parkish feel, but done well.  Also good - the Bloody Mary I had. Perfectly spicy, good balance of tomato and vodka, nicely garnished.  The real star, though, was another tomato product...their tomato soup was the best I've ever had, anywhere.  Great blend of tomato and herb flavor, substantial without being heavy, and creamy despite being vegan.  This soup was totally worth every penny.  The chai-Mexican iced hot chocolate which we closed out the meal with was amazing, too...delightfully refreshing, rich (but not sickeningly so...if something can be both light and rich, this was), and the spices worked really well.  Add to that the great homemade marshmallow, and it was well worth the $6.THE BAD: I was underwhelmed by the rest of the food.  It wasn't BAD by any means, but my chicken thigh torta was overly juicy and underflavored.  I also didn't get overly excited by the green goddess potato salad; decent flavor, but wasn't working for me.  My friend seemed to enjoy the spinach salad with pork belly and dried strawberry, though.  The food was good, but definitely not amazing.THE UGLY: The price.  I don't usually complain about nice places being overpriced, but this one is.  I shouldn't have to pay $40 for a Bloody Mary, a cup of soup, a sandwich, and an iced hot chocolate, especially when the main course isn't all that special.All in all, I would go back, but only to play to their strengths.  They bill themselves mostly as a dessert bar; stick to the chocolate, or else be prepared to gamble on a hit-or-miss dining experience.Definitely go here if you are anywhere remotely nearby, or even if you aren't. I've been here for hot chocolate, drinks, dinner, desserts and/or sides. I've loved everything I've had. I always take friends from out of town here, and they are never disappointed. They sell hot chocolate (option for iced in the summer) and marshmallows to go too!  It's not a large space and does get crowded so make a reservation.Best hot chocolate I have ever put in my mouth!!!!!My fiance and I came in here for dessert. We were surprised the dessert was so expensive ($12 for all desserts), especially since each dessert was small enough to feed one person only.I got the Banana Baked Alaska (brown sugar buttermilk cake, banana ice cream, toasted meringue, nilla wafers, whipped banana ganache, whiskey butterscotch, vanilla toffee éclair). This had like 3 different sections of things to eat and it was messy to try to eat them all at once but once I got it, it was delicious.My fiance got the Fernet Branca & mint (fresh mint frozen nougat, "oreo" brownie, Fernet Branca hot fudge ,chocolate bark). Very good as well.We shared the mint 3/4 Belgium Hot Chocolate (white chocolate, 1/4 French white chocolate, a pinch of milk chocolate, and fresh mint from the farmer's market). This is where it all went wrong. This place is named for its famous hot chocolate. We both thought the hot chocolate tasted like warm milk that should be fed to cats. We didn't even want to finish it. I was parched and would have preferred to finish my water than to drink that hot chocolate. But since it was $6, we didn't want to waste it. So we reluctantly finished it and chased with our waters.Though our desserts were scrumptious, they were not worth the $12 each and we were very disappointed by the hot chocolate (I mean, milk). We paid $38 for 2 desserts and a hot chocolate which was more expensive than our dinner we had before we came.I came here again only because it was part of a food tour. We were given a medium hot chocolate with a homemade marshmallow. It was good at first but then after less than half it became too rich!I've had two experiences at Mindy's, mostly dessert-oriented. Also good beer on tap. 1) My girl brought me leftovers of her mac 'n cheese, which is one of the best in the city, along with a bunch of dessert bites remaining. In order of best to least awesome, albeit still awesome: banana brioche bread pudding, buffalo milk ricotta cheesecake, blood orange sorbet2) Came here for dessert after eating at Avec, and had the Banana Baked Alaska along with the Rhubarb Tart. The former was off the hook, the latter was very good and unique. Even though it was very good, it paled in comparison to the Banana Baked Alaska. It has strong banana elements, so it's definitely for banana lovers. Also heard they have one of the best burgers in the city, which I need to come back to try.The cocoa nib hot chocolate is to die for delicious! The hazelnut and white chocolate additions to the traditional chocolate make just the right combo of chocolate and sweet without being overwhelming. I went with the ham and egg breakfast so I wouldn't die of a sugar overdose but I will say the sweet breakfast options looked really good. Maybe next time I will skip the cocoa and go with brioche French toast. It just seems impossible to go to Mindy's without getting one's hot chocolate fix. The ham was nicely cooked with a smoked flavor. They seem to do something special to their eggs. They were really moist and flavorful.Looking over the dinner menu, I will say I'm excited to go back for the evening meal offerings.Mexican hot chocolate was delectable! The waitstaff and busboy service was superb. Energetic ambiance!My full review here:thebuckwheater.com/mindy…Space:Cute with a chocolate paletteService:So friendly and always with suggestions.Food:Best dessert in the city, hands down.Amazing place. The hot chocolate is outstanding. Medium or Mexican are my favorite. Menu looked good too but we did not book a table before to be able to enjoy it. Will definitely be back.Fun!!!!But let me tell you what I don't want from a restaurant - I don't want a hassle. I don't want an attitude from a snotty hipster hostess making $8 per hour. I want to be greeted warmly and not feel like I am bothering you - especially when we are your first table of the day. When I dine out, of course I want good food and a comfortable atmosphere - that's a given. But what matters more to me? I want to know that I am valued as a customer and that you want me to come back and bring my friends. Such is the case with my eagerly-anticipated visit for brunch today with my Dessert Club members in tow. The Club gets together once per month and the host bakes a kickass dessert from scratch, but a couple of times per year we pick a restaurant for brunch that someone highly recommends. After my previous review, my friends were excited to see if HC lived up to its hype. I can safely say that most of us will not be coming back.1.  When I called Hot Chocolate a few weeks ago about making a reservation for 9 peeps for brunch (open from 10 am to 2 pm), I had to give my credit card. I realize this is a new trend but you are not Alinea or The Everest Room.2.  When I told HC on Friday that we would now be a party of 7, they said "sorry - then you can't reserve the table. We only have 1 large table and it has to be at least 8 - and we only book it once at 10 am and once at noon."  There was a chance our 8th was going to attend but I couldn't chance it as they had my VISA # - would they have refused to seat us or charge me for the missing 8th person?So I cancelled the reservation and said we will take our chances with the 7 of us showing up when the doors opened at 10 am. 3.  Four of us arrived at 9:55 am and, as it was 10 degrees outside, one of our members went to HC's front door which was open. When she walked in, she was met by the hostess-who-needs-an-attitude-adjustment who pointed out to the street chalkboard sign and said "we don't open until 10 am." THEN KEEP YOUR EFFING DOORS LOCKED UNTIL 10 AM!!4. At 10 am, my friends went inside where they were met with "we can't seat you until the other 2 arrive" - my friends called me - I said we had parked, and were about 100 yards away.5. We were still missing 1 person - but as HC puts the fear of Yahweh in you about everyone being there, we decided to just say "just seat us as 6." About 5 mins later, our 7th arrived and we managed to squeeze her in at our round table - which was conveniently located about 3 feet from the mens room.What was the best part of this whole experience? Our server Laura. I had her as a server my initial visit and let me tell you that if I were you, having been a server myself years ago, I would ask to be in her section when you arrive. She is charming, attentive, accommodating and sympathetic. We took her advice on what items to order - the quiche, the warm doughnuts, the tuna melt, the buttermilk biscuit with eggs and sausage patty, the assorted hot chocolates, the fresh ricotta and egg sandwich. The food is good - the environment is loud, loud, loud as by 11:00 the place was mobbed - the hot chocolate is to die for. I do expect more than 3 or 4 quarter-sized fried potatoes with my entree. Why bother - are they for show? For a regular coffee, biscuit sandwich, a hot chocolate, sharing of an order of the daily fresh baked "Sweets" for the table (and a generous tip for Laura) , I paid $31. Rather hefty for brunch, IMO.To summarize, there are plenty of restaurants with average, mediocre food and ambiance that I continue to patronize because they value their customers. I don't expect a "Check, Please" epiphany every time I dine out. But off-putting rules and the bad attitudes of your help will get you nowhere no matter how good the food is.One more thing, give Laura a raise.Can't believe I've never reviewed...been hear countless times. But I guess it was the urging of the egg nog hot chocolate that led to this review. It was insanely delicious! If I wasn't on a first date, I would have had seconds and maybe a 2 go cup for the morning! lmao My assistant did bring me a cup a few days after since she had to hear me raving about it! (Thnx Tia!) Love this little place to share with girlfriends, my godkids....and now a 1st date! Appropriate on all occasions that cause for something a lil sinful!! YUM YUM!I'm starting to believe I really just don't like Hot Chocolate.... Sure, it's great for their dessert selections but not much else, really. In search of a late lunch yesterday I found myself begrudgingly back here with a girlfriend looking for something tasty on a cold day... unfortunately my lunch (and the service) did nothing for me. My BLT was downright gross and quickly became inedible... it was loaded with this thick-cut, rubbery, not even remotely crispy bacon. Just big chunks of lukewarm, fatty, pork on a heaping soft brioche bun. There was no element of crunch whatsoever and the sandwich was, in a word, mush. This type of gross out makes me easily inclined to leave my food sit on the plate, I'm not going to eat (and pay for) something that I can't stand. Unfortunately, my server took no cue from my barely touched plate and it was bussed away without question. Could I have been more vocal? Sure. But working with the "fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me" theory I am just content with not going back. Ever. Hasta La Chocolate!I came in for a delectable cup of hot chocolate and to hide from the brutal chills of Chicago. I ordered a "Medium," chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and a hint of caramel along with a side of homemade marshmallow. The hot chocolate was creamy, smooth, and hit the spot. Now, I'm not a fan of marshmallow but I was a fan of this homemade marshmallow. It wasn't too sweet, chewy, soft, and went well with the hot chocolate. I also took a sip of the Mexican. I love Mexican hot chocolate but this one was too intense. I think there was too much cinnamon and it was overpowering. Great place to grab a drink and some deserts.Went there for hot chocolate. We had the medium and Black and Tan. The medium was so good...a great balance of milk and dark chocolate, with a bit of caramel. The Black and Tan was delicious, but very decadent...it's basically like drinking hot fudge, which I think is perfectly acceptable. Their homemade marshmallows are also ridiculously good. It's a little pricey, but I would definitely go back for dessert.I can't say enough good things about this place.  Can you please open one in KC?  We strolled in for dessert. I hate to admit how much I ate....let's see - Red velvet cake, raspberry cookies, hot truffles....I could have eaten one of everything.  Althought I opted for coffee, I secretly wished I would have ordered a hot chocolate - it looked sinful!Damn this place is good.  We made an emergency run here last night because I was PMS-ing and needing a dose of chocolate.  Mindy Segal's desserts are justifiably famous.  We had the mind-blowingly good (and rich) honey and chocolate souffle cake topped with a crispy honeycomb candy, as well as the brioche banana bread pudding.  To top it off we also had the Mexican hot chocolate and the medium hot chocolate.  Keep in mind that the hot chocolate portions are bigger than you'd think, especially given how rich they are. We would have been OK sharing one.We stopped by for a dessert last night and left as very happy campers.  The other reviews are quite harsh so you have to know what you in for before you walk in the door.  I ate here a long time ago for dinner and don't remember being that impressed.  While dessert is on the pricey end for sure, you have to get down to the basics - TASTE.   I have never had such a good, more fun milk shake in my life.  I have NEVER had such AMAZING hot chocolate.  While I tasted several of the chocolate desserts, I kept going back for another mouthful of the hot chocolate.  It makes me think of drinking from Willey Wonka's river.  So smooth - so filled with taste - so bad for you!  I would recommend just stopping by for dessert and know that you are paying for exceptional tastes and not for the big filling portions that you can get at McDonald's around the corner.I first came to Hot Chocolate for my sister's birthday last year when we stopped in for some coffee and desserts.  I had a banana baked alaska which was adorable and delicious.  The coffee and a friend's hot chocolate were also great.  My favorite however was whoever's dessert came with the tiny mint milkshake.  It was so cute and so good.  On my second visit I decided to try some other food as well.  I got a cheddar melt which was really just a grilled cheese on rye that was served with some granny smith slaw.  It tasted good but was very small and just not that special for the price.  However my dessert that night was as good as the first night.  It was a deconstructed carrot cake and I loved it to pieces.  My advice on this one, skip the main menu and just go for the sweets.ah this place already has plenty of good reviews.  stfu already.Fine fine, I'll add another one.I came here with a friend from Montreal.  All in all, we sharedBay ScallopsAhi TunaWinter PanzanellaLamb and Krema Kasacaramelized brussel sproutsChocolate #1Everything was amazing!  My friend summed it up perfectly - everything was an adventure, and just so much fun to eat.    The winter panzanella was warm and flavorful and multitextured, with just the tiniest amount of bitersweetness in the background.  The scallops and the tuna were fresh and artfully presented.  Even the little side order of caramelized brussel sprouts (I insisted, because I love b sprouts) were exceptional - just the right amount of caramelization.  The lamb and krema kasa had the best cheese with it - you know goat butt cheese?  You know, the cheese that smells like a goat's butt, except it's good? That's the kind.But the best part was their dessert; Hot Chocolate #1 had a salted ice cream and all kinds of different layers of chocolate sweetness.  Truly a pleasure to eat.  I love eating adventures.All in all, our bill was very reasonable.  I love the decor of the place, and the fact that the waitstaff wears casual brown cotton shirts to blend in the background.  The lighting makes everyone look sexy.So why does Hot Chocolate get four stars instead of five? The bathroom is unheated.  Imagine it's negative twenty degrees and windy outside, and you had an amazing meal by candelight with wine and you feel all warm and good inside.  You run to the bathroom toward the end of the meal, and BAM, deep chill.  Why on earth dont' they heat their bathrooms?  Bonkers, man.Still, I can't wait to come back.Horrible service. Our waiter was so rude. No one was impressed with dinner, dessert or drinks. Don't waste your time, seriously.Cosy atmosphere, great staff, great food, dynamite drinks, awesome desserts! I can't remember all that we ordered because it was a ton of food. My belly was stupid full when I left. We had appetizers, for dinner I had the Macaroni & Cheese and I am not lying when I say this is the best mac & cheese I have ever had! Soooo good. To drink I had a mojito and it was perfection! Just enough mint. For dessert we had another arrangement but the donuts were the best! So warm and sugary. I will def be coming back for more!I've been wanting to go to Hot Chocolate ever since I saw them reviewed on Check Please!  The desserts looked to die for -- very inventive and heavy on the chocolate -- my kind of place.  When our friends gave it a rave review and said we should go for dinner, we jumped at the chance.  So Friday night the four of us ventured out to Wicker Park.  It's a cute little unsuspecting store front decorated in various brown hues, and the ambiance is great.  Service was also very attentive.  We couldn't decide on an appetizer, so we just ordered some of the sourdough bread with garlic butter.  The bread was a bit run of the mill (exuse the cliche and pun), but the garlic butter scored points with me -- very creamy and plenty of that yummy garlic flavor.  For my entree I had the lamb, which was cooked to perfection and fell off the bone (into my mouth).  It was accompanied by some delicous polenta-like creamy mixture that now I cannot remember what it was called and consulting the website does not seem to help, as they do not have the menu updated.  But I assure you, it was delicious, with fava beans mixed in and some little turnips.  The presentation was lovely, and overall I was impressed with their entrees, since the restaurant is called "Hot Chocolate", after all.  My boyfriend and the other male in our party had the steak, and both were pleased, and my female friend had the chicken, which she thought delicious.  Nothing earth-shattering as far as entrees go, but very delicious, well-prepared, fresh ingredients, which for a place that specializes in desserts is quite impressive.Now onto the desserts.  I ordered the "cake and shake" which was a chocolate mint layer cake served with a little mint chocolate milk shake in a shot glass.  Amazing!  My boyfriend couldn't resist the namesake hot chocolate, a steaming cup of rich cocoa, which I tasted and was, frankly, heaven on earth.  Our two friends had the warm brioche doughnuts, which were served with hot fudge and a side of caramel popcorn; and the "chocolate number 1", which I don't really remember now but looked amazing.I overdid it a bit on the cocktails here (three, to be exact), but they made my gin martini to my liking each time, and they even had Hendricks gin, my favorite.   The food is very reasonably priced, and had we not gotten a wee bit out of hand on the drinks, I think it would have been a fairly inexpensive dinner, as far as nice places go.  But alas, sometimes on a Friday night the booze calls, and I answer.  We had a terrific time, and I would definitely go back.  But perhaps attempt to limit myself to one cocktail.I must admit I was disappointed.  My third or fourth visit and I was even disappointed with the desserts - and this coming from someone who has a sweet tooth.  Dinner options were limited and just not very appealing.  Desserts were average - loads of places have many more appealing choices than this.  Not planning to go back any time soon.We had dinner with friends at Hot Chocolate recently and had a pretty good meal.  We ordered the following:Appetizer- cheddar biscuits and mac n cheese Entrees- hamburgers with egg, crab cakes, chickenDesserts- donuts, pecan pie ice cream, chocolate souffle tart, hot chocolate and peanut butter milkshakeThe appetizers were delicious. Definitely recommend those to order. I've never had such creamy sauce for mac n cheese.  The entrees were disappointing. We had high expectations for the burgers based on friend's recommendations, yelp reviews and our waiter raving about them.  I've had better burgers.  Crab cakes were alright.The desserts were wonderful. I think from the list above the best ones were the donuts and pecan pie ice cream (can't remember the real name). The chocolate souffle tart was way too sweet and not as "souffle" as I thought it would be.The restaurant is pretty loud, so it would make it hard to talk sometimes during our dinner of four people.  Our waiter was awesome and gave great recommendations (except for the burger).  Overall, pretty good.Every time I come to this place I feel as though I've died and gone to heaven. I think Mindy's Hot Chocolate enters my mind at least a few times a day.Everything on the menu, and I mean everything from their appetizers to their desserts, is incredible. My favorite menu item (aside from dessert) is probably the lamb creama kasa.If you're a fan of desserts and really cozy environments, this place is for you. Super cute interior, friendly staff, and to-die-for food and desserts. Just make sure you save room for some of their hot chocolate at the end of your meal!The dollhouse-sized portions of sandwiches and desserts tasted great on the way down, but pretty bad on the way back up. HC is an appealing place for a baby shower, but beware: 20 out of the 25 people who attended one at HC last Saturday acquired food poisoning 34 hours after the party ended. We're not sure which morsel made us sick; but hopefully we lost the pounds packed on by those cute little donuts.A place called Hot Chocolate betta have some kick ass hot chocolate. It does...but that's about it. The pork belly was okay at best as with the beet appetizer that my friend ordered. Mac and cheese was also okay...the type your culianarily-inclined friend can whip up in no second flat. Verdict: Would not come back. Final answer.my husband and i came here with a restaurant.com gift certificate because we had heard good things from various sources. it was definitely very crowded, even though it was a weeknight, which is usually a good sign. bottom line of my opinion on this place? skip dinner and head straight for dessert. the food is fine, but the hot chocolate and desserts are the crown jewel, so wasting money, time and stomach real estate on the other stuff seems wasteful. that being said, we got their "signature" dessert, which is a honeycomb-centric dish with deliciously thick ganache and has honey ice cream served with it. we also got the chai hot chocolate which is a little bit spicy, and a lot delicious. service was great and helpful, dessert does not disappoint.After hearing Hot Chocolate was a multiple James Beard award winning restaurant, we visited for appetizers and dessert.  I feel bad for this restaurant.  I know they aren't hurting for business, but the service really spoils the entire experience...and I'm sure their reputation.Food: The appetizers were "good", although I don't think I'd order any of the dishes again.  The desserts were delicious, thoughtful, and well executed.  Again, the service here just really spoiled the entire experience.  (more on that later)  The hot chocolate was extremely rich...a bit too rich for my taste, but I can see why others would like it.Service: Hot Chocolate's front of the house is poorly run.  It started off from the time we walked up.  There were a few people waiting outside about 15 minutes after opening and the door was locked. (door was definitely locked.. a few people tried to open the door)  The group said that they had been standing there a while.  The hostess just hung out chatting and occasionally glancing out.  I'm not sure if they pressed a button or something, but at some point, the door was unlocked.  They didn't come to the door to greet anyone or do anything to indicate that they were open.  It was strange.  Everyone was seated pretty quickly. That part was nice.Our server was horrible. She seemed completely preoccupied with playing with her nails and gossiping with the hostess and bartender that she left all of her tables waiting.  Her recommendations on food were not helpful either.  I think she just said..."oh yeah, that's good" to everything.  Her knowledge of the cheese selection was obviously poor.  Another server rammed into my chair, physically moving my chair, and ran away without an apology.  The bus boys were really nice, but they seemed pretty embarrassed that the servers were less than non-attentive.  This seemed to be the experience of all the tables around us as well.  The table next to ours looked like they were about to walk out since they couldn't even get the server's attention to order.  I feel worse for them, because they were seated shortly after we were and were just getting their appetizers when we got our desserts. (This is after we waited nearly 20 minutes after finishing our meal to order dessert)  By the end of the night, I was so irritated that I just wanted to leave that building and never come back.  Anyway, I hope they do change things in terms of service, because it was the worst experiences I've had at an award winning restaurant.$11 bucks for a couple ounces of desert on a foot by foot plate somehow served with a straight face.  Yet another "trendy" spot in wicker park where you can over spend on mediocre food, wait unreasonably for service, and have to yell to be heard over the lamest music ever to make it out of a 14 year old raver's bedroom.  This is my Hades.Two stars here, because some of the food we had was tasty.   We walked in just as the place opened at 10 a.m. and were seated right away.   That's where the good stops.  The place is loud and cavernous, like most trendy Chicago restaurants.  We had pretty poor service, and of the 5 or so employees who we met, only one of them smiled.  Seems to be not very well managed at this juncture.  My friend and I both had the biscuits with duck gravy, the donuts on the side, she had a latte and I had a Mexican hot chocolate.  I was highly unimpressed with the drinks, and my hot chocolate was sickeningly sweet.  The biscuits and gravy was tasty, but nothing to write home about.  Donuts ditto.   Who did they pay off to have Chicago magazine review them?!?  I'll stick with Lula's for brunch, thank you very much.Came here because it's a mile from my office and my son (16) had a craving for a burger and I thought he would appreciate a quality Hot Chocolate as a bonus. He's been exposed to many fine Chicago restaurants; but he was not impressed at all last night. We arrived on the early side 5:25 (they open at 5:30) and they were still setting up the tables. They asked us to have a seat in the front, which I was fine with, but the staff was less than friendly. They couldn't even muster up a fake smile. I was hoping one of them would come over and ask if I wanted a cocktail, a glass of wine or even water; but that didn't happen.As for the food, started with the mussels, my son claimed there was mussel poop in his (I think he was right, but I didn't want to tell him that at the table, ewww) His burger was overcooked , I told our server medium w/ a pink center, it was medium well. My swordfish was swimming in butter, however I did enjoy the cauliflower side. He's a huge stat guy (years of baseball). He said our dining experience average was .181. You're not going to make the big league roster with that.We dropped in to try their milk shakes, as we happened to be looking for desserts late one night.  For $6, they (chocolate and peanut butter) were tiny, but stylishly presented.  They were also overly sweet and rich, so maybe it was better not to have too much.  Value is not the big draw here, but rather ambiance I would say.  This is more of a youngster's place to hang out or to date.  We were the oldest people there by 20 years I would say, but it was probably our own fault for being in Wicker Park during late night dessert time.I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into Mindy's Hot Chocolate. For some reason I had conjured a vision of this being less of a restaurant and more of a hot chocolate cafe with lots of families and children. Walking in Hot Chocolate appeared to be a nice, romantic adult venue. The lighting is dim and the large open rectangular room has lots of brown undertones, providing a vague feeling of being inside a giant chocolate bar. The only negative of the ambiance was the tables are extremely close together; while this is common in Chicago, this was a bit to the extreme and getting in and out of my seat reminded me of having to squeeze out of a window seat while flying coach on an airplane. Hot Chocolate is renowned for their desserts, with chef/owner Mindy Segal having earned multiple James Beard nominations for outstanding pasty chef. However they have a nice, albeit somewhat limited dinner menu with a handful of apps, a few salads, a few sandwiches and a few mains. My wife and I started with the house-made pretzels with cheese/mustard/beer sauce and also a cheese board. The pretzels were decent, but at $13 were grossly overpriced. The cheeses (selection of three, also $13) were a better value. They included a triple cream, a goat cheese and a blue cheese along with honey drizzled bread, some poached fruit, a jam and a small salad with a few spiced nuts. For our mains my wife went with the vegetable risotto and I opted for the pan roasted trout with black bean puree and an avocado, grapefruit and fennel salad. My trout was fairly tasty, but was a bid odd in that it had uneven flavors; I am not sure if some parts were cooked more fully or if the seasoning was not well distributed but some bites I loved, over bites did not taste so good. My wife was very pleased with her risotto and I took a few bites and also enjoyed her dish. Portions were fairly generous and the prices reasonable (low to mid $20s). Hot Chocolate also has a long bar across on side of the space and has a limited wine list, several craft beers and a handful of cocktails. My wife ordered a glass of cava and I started with the Hot Buttered Rum. I was expecting this to be mainly heated up rum with some spices but it almost seemed to have a milk shake like consistency that I did not find pleasant; it was far more rich than I had expected and caused me to start filling up too early on in the meal. This should have been classified as a dessert beverage rather than a cocktail. There are more than ten desserts to choose from, all priced at $12. My wife and I both desired the same dish (chocolate souffle tart with salted caramel ice cream) and decided to share this as we were feeling rather satiated already. The server cautioned that it was portioned for one, but we found the tart to be fairly large and it was so rich we actually struggled to finish the tart. I also ordered a hot chocolate with dessert and my wife a coffee that was served in a small French press. There are also several options for hot chocolate and I opted for one of the more plain choices, the "medium" which is mainly milk chocolate with a touch of dark chocolate and some caramel. It was served with a large homemade marshmallow on the side. The first couple of sips were good, but like the tart I found the hot chocolate to be overly rich for my taste and was not able to finish it as I started to feel bloated. My wife found the coffee to be fair. Hot Chocolate is a decent venue and despite arriving before 6:00pm it was already crowded and became completely full by the end of our meal (they do now accept Open Table reservations, and I definitely recommend making ressies if dining here). Unfortunately we had been expecting an amazing meal and Hot Chocolate fell well short of this mark; I have the following criticisms:*The tables are way too close together, to the point of being awkward. *Service was a bit subpar; our server took quite some time to check on us after our appetizers were delivered (and unfortunately there was a small issue that needed to be corrected before we could consume them). Also we were served a bottle of water, but this was never poured for us and when we ran out of water, no additional water was ever brought out. Nobody assisted in pulling out our table as we were seated (without doing so it was not possible to sit without bumping the adjacent table). *The food is a bit overpriced; while it is pretty good, our meal cost $127 before tip for two cocktails, two appetizers, two mains, one dessert, one coffee and one hot chocolate. Plenty of venues in Chicago have food this good or better for less. Fortunately we had a Restaurant.com coupon that knocked $25 off the tab. *Some of the food is overly rich; portions need to be much smaller on these items or the richness mellowed out; otherwise it become uncomfortable to eat a full meal here.Oh wow this place is tast-eee! We started the meal off with a half and half (half coffee and half chocolate) which probably wasn't the best idea since you would usually have coffee at the end of a meal but we couldn't wait to try it. And we weren't' disappointed, it was amazing. I had the Cheese in Brioche and a peanut milkshake. They were both delicious but I was so full from the half and half that I couldn't finish my shake, I wish that I could cause it was the best shake I've had in years. I can't remember the last time I left a restaurant feeling so satisfied.The desserts here were ridic.  I felt like I was at a top chef judging table, they came out perfectly plated and almost looked too good to eat.  Once I quickly got past that... I found that not only did they look good but tasted great too... they were very flavorful and not overly sweet.  The restaurant itself was really cool inside, lofty and modern, but seemed cozy.  It was still packed at 11pm on a Thursday night, but we didn't have much trouble finding a table.Today was my fourth trip to Hot Chocolate. The first time the boyfriend and I went for dinner, the second was just for dessert, and the last two were for brunch.  I would say that brunch is probably your best bet.  The desserts are good- yes they are a bit pricey, but hey, it's fancy pants desserts here, which means small portions with lots of components for a high price.  The dinner was very good, but the menu is really small. If you're not a meat/fish eater (like me) you'll have a hard time finding something.  I believe I had a salad and soup, which was possibly corn chowder (it was over a year ago, so I don't really remember).  I do remember that whatever it was, it was delicious.  The boyfriend had a tuna salad sandwich, which was great ( I occasionally dabble in tuna). Brunch, however, was fantastic on both visits. The brioche donuts are light and soft and come with a chocolate dipping sauce, the french toast with plumped cherries and whipped cream was not too sweet- which was a relief after the uber-rich Mexican hot chocolate I had to start.  I have found the waitstaff to be friendly and attentive without being pushy.  When my friend and I arrived at around noon today the place was PACKED, and to make the wait a little easier they had set up a carafe of coffee for self-service, which I thought was a nice gesture.  The brunch is just as pricey as the rest of the menu (my french toast was $10) but the portions are decent and everything is really tasty.  So skip Bongo Room for one weekend, and give it a try.UPDATE: The boyfriend and I took my sister, a new mom-to-be, to HoCho for her first ever Mother's Day Brunch (she was visiting from out of town so her husband wasn't there). With no reservation, we tried to get there right at 10 to skip the crowd- no such luck.  Mindy Segal was hostessing herself, and quoted us an hour wait. We decided to saddle up with some hot chocolate and wait it out.  Even though we did wait a full hour, the fact that they had put out complimentary coffee AND croissants made the wait a lot easier.  And as a parting treat for the moms (including my sister), each got a little pack of 2 heart-shaped cookies with 'Mom' written on them.  It's those little touches that really make the customers feel welcome and cared for, and not like just another credit card. That gets them another star.This was my first visit to Hot Chocolate and I will totally be back.  It kind of sucks because I have Margie's, Dairy Queen, and now Hot Chocolate to crave my sweet tooth and they're all pretty much located in the same area.  And for those of you who ask, "WTF is he doing putting DQ and Hot Chocolate in the same sentence?" Let it go.  Sometimes you just need a DQ.  Anyway, not right now.... HOT CHOCOLATE!!!  Stay with me people.... Right, so even though it was my first time here, I decided to go against the grain and order their Pumpkin Cheesecake thing for dessert.  I seriously thought I was going to get something that would have been served at the Cheesecake Factory or something, but I was most pleasantly surprised.  I am not sure if I could accurately describe what the pumpkin dish looked like, but I took a picture of the plate and posted it above.  The flavor of the pie tasted just like fall; plenty of spices and sweetness.  My friend who is not a big pumpkin fan was a big fan of this dish.  She ordered the cookie flight and I was able to try some of her cookies.  I really enjoyed all of the ones that I tasted.  My favorites were the peanut butter cookie sandwich, the molasses/ginger cookie, and the chocolate cookie.  Oh and I think I had an oatmeal raisin cookie too which was scrumptious.  We split the medium hot chocolate drink and it was almost too rich to drink, but I seemed to manage.  The homemade marshmallow was like candy to a fat boy's stomach.  So, my experience was really good and I am a total fan of HC.  We were kind of rushed out of the restaurant, but arrived very close to closing time so I can understand the situation.  All in all, it was the perfect ending to my evening.  I can't wait until my next visit.after finding out there was a 2 hour wait at a nearby (sorta) dinner spot, i found myself at hot chocolate yet again.  ahhhh and this visit was just as enjoyable as my last.  we started with yummy pretzels that came with cheese and a grainy mustard as well as a seasonally delightful beet salad.  for my main course i choose the mushroom lasagna.  it was surprisingly light, but very filling.  despite my full tummy - we had to get a dessert.  the place is called hot chocolate for goodness sake.  while it wasnt an easy decision, we went with the banana bread pudding.  it came out beautifully plated, steaming hot, topped with a carmel sauce and vanilla ice cream.  talk about heaven on a plate. i would go back for 10 of those desserts alone. please, if you havent visited, go.  now.  drop what you are doing - and just go.also, i hear the doughnuts at brunch are fantastic...Service has improved (although it's still on the slow side) and the food only gets better.  Giving only 3 stars seems wrong, so I'm upping it to 4.i went for brunch on sunday around 1pm and it was only a 20 minute wait.we both had the half and half which is half espresso and half dark chocolate with a house-made marshmallow and it was damn good. really rich though, we both could only finish half of it. I had the bagel with salmon and whitefish, really good and very filing. I also stole some bites of my boyfriends french toast which was really good. he said that it was the best he ever had. it comes with  lemon custard on top and organic sausage that was absolutely the most delicious sausage i've ever had. not greasy like typical sausage.my meal also came with noodle pudding with was surprisingly good, even though it had actual noodles coming out of it, and kinda sweet.they also serve you coffee in french presses which i thought was cute.the only reason why i give it 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the decor. for something as decedent as chocolate i would want the decor to be more lush and plush, not so hard and sterile.I will definitely go back to try out the rest of the menu and some desserts.Came here for dinner for the first time last week, and was impressed with everything from the service, to the incredible macaroni and cheese (made with gourmet cheeses, of course), potato skins, "creamed" corn, the pike, and the mouthwatering desserts. The "black and blue," the warm beignet donuts, and the banana are some of my favorites. Can't wait to go back and try the hot chocolate!Go for the amazing desserts but eat dinner elswhere. I wish this place was only a dessert and drinks place ...the food was just not compelling at all to me.I already apologize as I do not like to bad-mouth/slam businesses as we all have different taste/needs/likes/dislikes....but I just do not get this place & probably never will. We have tried & tried it again (we live 1 block away). I (we) find it overpriced, over crowed (aka loud) but more than anything, these are the smallest portions I ever seen in my life. I do not want to go on, it would be rude & in poor taste. Summary: Pricey, Loud & Small Portions. Done!I was having a surprise get together for my bff, who LOVES desserts... and I heard Hot Chocolate was the place to do it... so I called to make reservations for about 10 to 15 people.  My reservation was taken, so I sent out an evite, to let everybody know the details of the get together.Two days later, Natalie- the manager- called me to inform me that my reservation was no longer good.  She said the person who took my reservation was not supposed to, because the large table they have was already reserved, so she had to erase my party from the books.  I asked her if there was any way she could accommodate me, since I had already sent out the evite, and she said NO.After talking to my friend, who was helping me set up the get together, we agreed this was very unfair.  He called to talk to Natalie, who after much hesitation, agreed to accommodate 7, instead of the original 10 to 15.  We arrived at the designated time, 8:30 and were waiting on 2 people.  They refused to seat us until all 7 were there...  we had to stand by the door, and mind you, it was COLD.  The enite party showed up, we were FINALLY given our table... so I thought everything would be goodWRONGthe waiter took FOREVER to take our drink order, and even longer to take our food order.  (and after waiting an hour to be seated, we were in need of a drink!)With that said, I really did like the atmosphere, and the food was delicious! I had macaroni and cheese, and it is among the best Ive ever had...  the desserts were SOOOO GOOD. (altho for the price, the portions were rather small)Ill never go back, due to the terrible customer service skills represented, and its a shame, because its a super cool little spot.if you decide to go, make sure you make a reservation... it was very crowded... this would make a good date spot... hopefully the customer service will be a little better for you...I've been twice for desert, and it is AMAZING. Their black and tan (half fudge, half hot chocolate) makes me so happy. All their hot chocolates are amazing, and their deserts are good too. I'd recommend making reservations, I've waited upto an hour for a seat on a weekend evening.If you've read any of my reviews you've got to know that I've got a mega sweet tooth so Hot Chocolate rocks my world. The food for dinner is pretty good but with a name like "Hot Chocolate" you have to know that the desserts are the star. And boy do they shine bright!But like all proper dinners we must save that for last. We start with the main course. I wanted the roast chicken with the sweet potato salad and chanterelle mushrooms (the God of fungi) but it would take roughly 45 minutes to whip that up and mama was just too darn hungry for that. Nice that they roast to order but I wanted to save room for dessert (obvi) so appetizers were out. I needed noms and I needed them quickly. So I got the burger instead. Yes! Meat! It was good. perfectly medium and juicy (maybe a little too juicy...might have needed a bib), with cheddar and organic bacon. MMM, that's tasty. House made potato chips were a'ight. Not quite salty enough for my tastes but I'd take a salt lick for dinner if I could. Coleslaw was great and I don't even LIKE coleslaw so I give them credit for that. Pickles. House made! Crispy and with a bit of a mustardy bite. Liked it. Also love that most of their ingredients are procured from local farms and organic when possible. Thumbs up from this green thumb.DESSERT. Ok, so. Everything sounded amazing. Chocolate number 1 is the usual standby (warm chocolate souffle with salted caramel ice cream and a pretzel) but I wanted something MORE. The warm brioche doughnuts are always a good bet but again...I needed MORE. The seasonal offerings sounded great and oh so very tempting but in the end I just wanted chocolate. And lots of it. Warm, dark and rich. My choice then was clear. I had to go with the eponymous offering--the dark (72%) cup of hot chocolate. Ohemzgee. Holy chocolate soup, batman! Served with a spoon and a house made marshmallow. So thick, so rich, and just the right level of not so sweet. Perfect perfect perfect. It was a little too rich to finish the whole cup so I got the rest to go and it kept wonderfully in my fridge for a little boost the next morning. As if that wasn't enough sugar--my friend and I just had to try the cookies staring at us from behind the glass counter by the front door. So on our way out we each got a takeout sample box of the day's offerings. Simple cookies like chocolate chip, gingersnap sandwiches filled with butter cream, shortbread, etc., but so buttery and delicious. I can't. I just...can't. Stop that is.Mindy Segal: Heaven called. They're missing an angel. Please don't go back!Went to Hot Chocolate last night for the first time. This place is about as good as it gets. Not only was our waiter (Dan) amazing, but the bus staff was on top on things as well. Dan actually told us that we were ordering too much and suggested scaling back. You don't find many waiters these days that tell you to stop ordering. Food was awesome. Atmosphere was awesome. Overall, this was one of the best dining experiences I've had in Chicago in many years.MattI have to admit I had some pretensions about coming here for a long time since it opened.  After finally trying it out I have to say that I had a pretty good experience here. So much so that I was almost considering coming back for a brunch, which i normally never do. I have a strange thing against brunch.My hesitations were due to the fact that the concept just seems a little froo-froo-ish and I know I'm not the target audience because I'm not a twenty something Bucktown female. I love chocolate, but I'm not going to get all crazy over a fancy dessert. But after getting past all that, I found the food was good, and offers a lot of option for casual dining or for a more full-on fancy dinner. Though most people understandably are coming just for the desserts. Which are great. And I'm not a dessert person either. So given that I was predisposed in theory to not liking any of these things. I actually had a really great time. And good food.If you have a sweet tooth like me, then you'll love Hot Chocolate.  The food is good but the main attraction is the hot chocolate of course.  The decor is very cozy and the other bakery treats are amazing.  Definitely satisfied my sweet tooth for the night.I still love Hot Chocolate but I have to update my last review and bring it down to three stars. Believe you me, I am not happy about it but I think it needs to be done. However, this has nothing to do with the food itself because as usual it was delicious. This downgrade has everything to do with service toward the end of our meal. We were lucky enough to get a 5:30 reservation on a Friday night so that was great. It was my husband's first time going to HC and I really wanted him to love it and he did. BUT toward the end of the night it got really busy but that's to be expected. Unfortunately though our once attentive server became anything but. I started to feel that we were now becoming a burden that he had to bear as he became busier. He was very slow to take our dessert order which was a bummer because we were contemplating whether or not we had to re-feed the meter. Then we wondered if we should just leave because it was getting ridiuclous, so much so that it felt like he forgot about us. We did have dessert and it was good.But the next day when my husband went to eat his leftovers they didn't give him all of his food!!!! We explicitly told him to wrap up everything that was on the table and that was not the case. They gave him half 1/2 of his burger but none of the potato chips and none of the coleslaw. We probably should have called and complained and that's our fault. But really HC? $125 bill and we can't get the chips and slaw?I really, really wanted to like this place and I was super excited to finally try the place everyone kept raving about.  Unfortunately, even with as strong as the night started, I left completely disappointed:My 5-star moments: Hostess was extremely friendly and our table was ready right on time for our reservation (on a side-note: MAKE A RESERVATION.  They really appreciate it and it gets really busy in there...I called a week ahead and my options were a 6:30 or 9:30).  I had cheddar biscuits for the appetizer and they were to die for...especially with the honey butter.  I could have eaten those all night.  I probably should have since my meal was underwhelming.Minus 1 star: I had the chicken for my dinner and it was bad.  I know the menu said it would have sea salt on it, but I didn't think it was going to taste like a complete salt lick.  Minus 2 stars: I couldn't return my chicken because my waitress was NON-EXISTENT.  She had a fairly large party she was working on and it was clear her attention was focused on them.  I get how it works: more people = more money.  However, that is no excuse for just not tending to your other tables.  Our tab came just shy of $200 and if I didn't want any service, we could have saved ourselves a couple hundred bucks and went to a fast food joint.  She made it around once to refill our sodas and ended up giving us a bigger glass on the refill...since her appearances were rare, I assumed she did that so she wouldn't have to come over as often.  She spent an excessive amount of time with her party, of course, and was constantly giving them refills on their beverages.  I felt like more of a bother to her than anything else.  Very, very disappointing.Minus 1 star: I ordered the creme brulee for desert but wound up with creme brulee soup.  I looooove creme brulee and will usually order it when available in restaurants, and this is probably the worst one I had.  I took half a bite, realized it was too runny and put it to the side to address with our non-existent waitress.  After letting it sit there for about 10 minutes, the bus-boy came by and asked if I was finished.  I told him that it was too runny and I did not like it.  I assumed he was taking the plate away to bring a new one, or to inform our waitress.  Nope.  The waitress later brought the bill by and still charged for the creme brulee.  After waiting some more time to flag her down, AGAIN, I let her know that I did not think I should have to pay for it since I didn't like it.  She didn't offer to bring me a new one, she didn't apologize for the fact that it was so runny; her only response was: "well, nobody told me".  She at least took it off the bill, but it would have been nice to try something else.  So, here we are at one star...I had such high hopes for this place but our waitress made it clear that our business wasn't good enough for her so I think I'll take my money elsewhere in the future.Fun establishment with excellent service. The food is good, but not earth shattering.Caveat Emptor The savory items are just as delectable as the sweets at Hot Chocolate.  Why two stars? Well, 0 stars for price, 4 stars for taste and 2 stars for portion size.  You can't go wrong with any dish that highlights cheese because Hot Chocolate uses the best quality cheese you can imagine.  I tried some gorgonzola and goat cheese and they were not of your run of the mill rendition.  The atmosphere is very warm and chocolate-y with dark brown covered walls.  The server was definitely knowledgeable of the ingredients and had some helpful suggestions.  I thoroughly enjoyed my food and my dessert, but I think I'd either need a FWAEA (friend with an expense account) or I'd need to be in a really self-indulgent mood to spend that kind of money again.  The entrees range from $12-17, but you'll be getting mere morsels for that money.  It's a gamble - you'll definitely get good quality, delicious food, but your wallet will be hurting.  Odd things to note: (1) one of the investing partners is in the financial business - you'd think he could nudge the chef to work out some of the nonsensical pricing business; (2) I called the restaurant to help out with a fundraiser and they were unwilling to give us any leftover cookies/baked goods because they owed the IRS more money.  I find it very strange that the manager at Hot Chocolate would divulge that sort of information to me.  But still, you've got to try this place at least once and see for yourself.Mac n' cheese. N'uff said.Described by optimists as an upscale café with great desserts and by detractors as an "overpriced urban bistro" with savories lagging far behind the sweets our trip to the four time Beard Award Nominee's flagship admittedly came with a bit of warning - namely that the place can be wildly inconsistent, loud, and that after 9:00pm seating could be tricky - and after once again finding free parking (clearly our lucky day) we walked through the front doors to find two out of three to be true instantaneously; the place was deafening and our options for seating included the lounge or "about an hour for a table."With a quick glance to the ladies and a brief browsing of the depleted pastry case we elected for the lounge not only because it seemed quite and comfortable, but also because the clock was pushing 10:00pm and we'd not yet even checked into our hotel and without hesitation we were led to a cozy corner with long leather benches and appropriately low lying tables complete with silverware, candles, and water glasses that were filled without hesitation.  Greeted next by our server, Laura K, we were asked if we'd ever visited before and on stating we had not she explained to us that each "dessert" was generally composed of two to three different items and we were left to decide - a process that took no time at all as we'd already researched the online menu en route to Chicago.With orders placed and service appropriate but largely separated from the lounge throughout the evening the first item to arrive was a prerequisite given the restaurant's name and although not quite as transcendent as that at Jacques Genin or LA Burdick the Black and Tan Hot Chocolate made of 1/3 hot fudge and 2/3 medium cocoa hot chocolate was certainly rich, creamy, and entirely too much for one person (especially after a full day of eating.)  Sharing it around the three of us it was interesting to hear different impressions - all positive, but each catching different notes in the chocolate from vanilla to honey to fruit.Moving on to the proper desserts - each priced at $11 - my mother's choice was the restaurant's signature "Chocolate  #1(64%)"  featuring a warm chocolate soufflé tart topped with salted caramel ice cream and a tuille of housemade pretzel; an exercise in balance and every bit worthy of its acclaim.  Beginning first with the tart - hot, molten, and bitter - sure the concept of a lava cake is played, but as long as it made with great care and better chocolate it really doesn't matter, especially when it is matched with extra sweet yet subtly saline ice cream and a crunchy salty sourdough pretzel for texture.Moving on to my dessert, a seasonal option titled "My Honey Pie" and featuring "warm and luscious honey pie with honey-roasted peanuts, honey caramel, berry-rose syrup, graham cracker and 'PB&J' Ice Cream Sandwich this dish was another winner, but a case where one less ingredient could have been more.  Beginning first with the pie - I love honey, I love peanuts, and I love caramel so it is needless to say that the warm gooey amalgam poured inside a thick buttery graham cracker shell had 'had me at hello' even before Segal crash landed a peanut butter and grape jelly ice cream sandwich directly into it.  Already with a lot going on - fruit, honey, sweet, savory, hot, cold, gooey, and crunchy - the unfortunate aspect of this dish was not knowing when to quit, specifically in reference to the cloyingly sweet syrup whose perfume did nothing but distract from the pie's nuance even though it was present in only a small quantity.For the final dessert, my aunt's "O'Dan-A-Banana" featuring a 'nilla puddin'  icebox cake with 'nilla wafers, cocoa nib ganache, vanilla bean pudding, bananas foster sauce, and a chocolate phosphate was everything I'd hoped for when planning to visit Hot Chocolate and then some.  Beginning first with the phosphate - it was a textbook old school chocolate soda with a bit of extra thickness from the cream and although sweet the slight sour from the phosphate proved a perfect foil to the other half of the plate; a cake that would have been more appropriately described as a horizontal mille-feuille with alternating layers of thick banana pudding diving crispy house made wafers doused with caramelized banana chunks in a hot boozy sauce plus a bit of extra chocolate for good measure.With the bill paid and people still continuing to file in even as we exited the restaurant around 10:30 we thanked our server and again made our way to the street where a short drive would land us at our hotel exhausted, full, and happy to have experienced Segal's intriguing concoctions even though not all were perfect and despite the fact that our ears were still ringing as though we'd just been to a concert as opposed to a restaurant (okay, slight exaggeration.)  That said, having now experienced the scene at night I'd definitely not hesitate to return for brunch to see the savory side of the menu.HORRIBLE SERVICE! The food is lackluster at best so it doesn't even begin to compensate for the level of service. The place is so dimly lit that you can barely see the menus. Never coming back.I LOVED this ecclectic, trendy dessert spot!!  My fiance took me there for our anniversary for dessert after we ate at Reza's in the city.  We sat at the bar in a cozy little corner and had dessert and wine.  We loved everything we had and would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun, romantic night out!  From the service to the wine and dessert I would rate this place a ten for sure!!  Loved it!!Open late for a late night snack for the sweets - Choose from five tempting hot cocoas, from creamy white chocolate to a "black&tan" with one-third hot fudge and two-thirds medium hot chocolate--all served with house-made marshmallows.  Keep in mind - the regular menu is available until 11pm, desserts until midnight and the bar until 2am.Not everything on the savory menu is great, but I love the burger with bacon (the bacon gets super salty though, so I take some out) and this chicken panini thing that I always seem to crave. And I've never had a bad dessert. As long as I stick to the two food options that I know are good, pick any random dessert, I know I'll leave happy.I attended a birthday dinner here and was minimally impressed.  It seems to be more of a neighborhood place than a destination spot.  the wine list was good, and the food was nice, but no surprises or delights. The noise level was a bit high, and I found myself straining to hear my friends.  The open kitchen is fun, but the service was lackluster and not very friendly.  I may go back if it is someone else who is choosing, not worth complaining over, but i won't choose to go back on my own.This is a great restaurant with a really dumb name.  It's actually good for me because this place would be mobbed if people didn't think it was just another dessert bar.  The owner used to do desserts at MK, so that's probably why.  Her desserts are great (I had this crazy banana thing that blew me away), but the super rich comfort food was the highlight for me.  Get the bacon cheddar burger or the cheese sandwich.  I know a cheese sandwich sounds boring, but it's so not.  I can't wait to go back here.I continued  the birthday festivities at Hot Chocolate for dessert after dinner at Scylla. Since Scylla was a liitle slower, we appreciated the bustle and vibe HC had to offer. Our waiter was friendly and funny in addition to being very knowledgeable about the menu.I'm sure it was taken care of in advance, but they made a nice presentation of our dessert with Happy Bday Holly painted in rich chocolate - nice touch! The best part were the desserts themselves: we shared the vanilla milkshake, which I didn't think it was possible for 'vanilla' to be that rich and flavorful, definitely the best I've ever had! The glassware was cool - they serve them in skinny collins-type glasses. The chocolate souffle cake with salted (yep, salted!) caramel ice-cream garnished with a thin crunchy pretzel was awesome. If you like sweet/salty combinations, you have to try this! Washed it all down with some fancy belgian beers served in snifters, I'm full even at the thought of that evening!If you don't mind the "snippy" hostess or the waiting during brunch hours, don't overlook this chocolate gem.  I came here with a brunch group of 10+ people and we all loved it.  Our server was very warm and accommodating to our large group (I don't recommend bringing groups of more than 6 though) . We all got one of their "signature" Hot Chocolate drinks and they tasted like chocolate crack.  I had the Medium Blend and will definitely come back for more.  With that being said, we all got so full after drinking that none of us could finish our food.  I had 4 bites of my quiche, but  had to box the rest.  So, at least go for a sip of that chocolate heaven; it will make you forget it's still freezing outside.Dining experience and service was excellent.  Food was unique and very satisfying.  I'll definitely be back.I've tried this place for Sunday brunch and a weekday dinner.  Lines were ridiculous for brunch.  By the time it was 10:30 AM, we already had to wait for a table.  I feel like they thought it was too trendy to just rely on its hot chocolate and desserts to survive, so they decided to serve brunch & dinner but with a price, literally.  The brunch wasn't worth it for $20/pp for an entrée and drink, mostly because it just didn't taste that great.  I had the ham, egg, and pesto sandwich on ciabatta, which was just very ordinary.  I also tried the salami and egg scramble, which was just that - no veggies or cheese!  The scrambled eggs (and our table ordered 4 entrees of them) weren't fluffy, and the roasted red skinned potatoes were dry.  Dinner was also just all right, but their desserts and hot chocolate (I tried both the light, which tasted like white chocolate + chai, and the black & tan, which tasted like liquid chocolate cake, mmmm!, but too small for $6.) are a no-fail.  They are so divine!However, service was really friendly both times, and they played a series of Lauryn Hill songs the morning we were there!Cool tidbit: Stephanie, a winner from "Top Chef" came in to dine while we were here!  Go, Chicago chefs!Restaurant ReviewI've died and gone to chocolate heaven! I didn't realize that a restaurant named hot chocolate would be so good. On a recent date night, we found ourselves at this romantic dimly lit restaurant. I didn't realize that this restaurant was featured on Martha Stewart show until after our dinner. Make sure you get reservations because restaurant seating is limited during dinner hours. Just as others commented, the tables are placed ridiculously close together where you have to shift the other table to squeeze into the booth seating. Our dinner entree was the burger (heartland beef, organic bacon, widmer 4 year aged cheddar and garlic toasted bun with fried farm egg). I can't say that it was the best burger I have ever had, but it was tasty/greasy. The fried egg is the perfect topper for the burger. I personally loved the lamb and krema kasa (sourdough flatbred with lamb sausage, carr valley krema kasa cheese, and wild arugula oregano oil). There was a certain gaminess tempered by the cheese which made for a unique taste that you have to experience. The only down side was the oregano oil made this also very oily to handle.The best part of the meal was to come.... dessert!- warm brioche doughnuts with hot fudge. The only complaint I have about this dessert was the lack of "doughnut" shape in the dessert. The brioche was served in stick form similar to lady fingers which you could dip into the hot fudge. All I can say is yum!- Chocolate #1 (warm chocolate souffle tart, salted caramel ice cream and house made pretzel) This was an above average dessert, not quite a souffle, but more on the tart side with a soft souffle tart. The salted caramel ice cream was exactly as described. The pretzel was another downer as it was a pretzel stick not even formed into the pretzel shape like online. All and all still good, maybe my expectations for this was too high.Pro- lamb and krema kasa delicious!, romantic atmosphere, brioche doughnuts with hot fudge enough saidCon- cramped seating arrangement, long wait time with no reservation, priceyHidden deal- During peak times, they reserve an area for dessert only customers. Also check out the interesting painting in the men's room....The only part I am disappointed in is the fact that we came here for both dinner and dessert. We didn't eat all day, so my boyfriend and I were really hungry. However, the food was SO good, but so fulfilling, that I couldn't even finish my hot chocolate. The fact that we will be back is a fact, but next time, it will be either for dinner OR dessert. (well most likely for dessert).Anyway, I absolutely adored this trendy little place. We came late evening on a Sunday and the hostess told us it could be up to a 30 minute wait, but we can sit at the bar if we wanted to. We decided to wait and good thing we did! After sitting for maybe 45 seconds, a table cleared up and we were seated immediately. Our server was awesome - very friendly, knowledgeable, and she had overall great customer service. My boyfriend and I both decided to go with the mac and cheese. It was a bowl of pure cheesy deliciousness. I also told her that we both wanted pretzels for the side, however, she recommend going with the pretzel appetizer which ended up being the same amount of money and it came with two hot, out of the oven, pretzels and a delicious mus-tardy type of dip. It wasn't mustard though - it was WAY better. Then it came to ordering the dessert - though both of us were incredibly full by then, there was no way to pass it up. I got the medium hot chocolate that comes with a house-made marshmallow, and he got the "black & tan" hot chocolate. He went with the Creme Brulee (which is his all-time favorite dessert - thought I told him to get something different for a change) and I went with the Banana Brioche Bread Pudding (I posted a pic). My god it was soooo good - I def finished it. After dinner, we were both in a food coma (a good one of course, but I def feel like I still feel it today).Anyway, I recommend this place with all my heart. Side-note- it may good to try it in the summer because all of the hot chocolates are available iced as well.My girlfriend and I were seated at the bar right away, and ordered hot chocolate (she ordered half cappuccino half hot chocolate,  I ordered the hot chocolate and hot fudge). Both tasted amazing. The service was great, the restaurant was nice and cozy (they have an open kitchen which is always cool), and the price was not bad. Overall a very good place to get warm from the Chicago cold.The best desert and hot chocolate place ever ! I'm so happy they opened in wicker park ! Great location . Awesome place to grab some of the most delicious chocolate! Heaven for those of us that love deserts! Doughnuts are very good , honey and chocolate souffléd tart is awesome and dark hot  chocolate that has 72% French chocolate is out of this world !!!The black and tan hot chocolate was amazing, but at $5 for a very small glass, it was over priced. The homemade marshmallows that are hyped up in the menu were okay, but you only get one and it's the size of a dice. The cookies were okay too, but again over priced. 12 cookies for $12. The atmosphere was a bit pretentious as well.I tried Hot Chocolate for the first time last week when my sister was in town. I wanted to take her out with a few friends for a nice dinner and we'd been wanting to try this place out for a while, so it seemed like the perfect occasion. The hostess was very friendly and seated us right away, but we were still waiting on one more person from our party. I understand from years of serving that it can be tough when all of the party does not arrive at the same time. But our server literally stopped my friend in the middle of ordering an appetizer to tell him the he was only taking drink orders at that moment. A bit rude, I think. And it took so long for our drinks to arrive, that the last member of our party was there and we were all ready to order dinner by the time we received the beverages. Looks like we didn't need that appetizer after all.  He certainly did the job of bringing the things we ordered and then following those with our bill, but he did not smile, or tell us his name, or even look me in the eye when I spoke to him. It was very clear that he was trying to be efficient, but at the complete sacrifice of service. Everything I ate was very good. The Hot Chocolate was delicious, and I love that they split it into two smaller cups when we ordered one to share. I had the lamb sandwich and it was really great, very flavorful. So two stars for the yummy things I ate.Two of my friends both got the burger: one asked for medium, and the other asked for well done. But they both came out looking exactly the same. I'm pretty easy to please, I don't need a server to dote and me and check up on me constantly while I'm eating. It would just be nice for the server to at least pretend not to hate waiting on me. I had a really good meal there. But our server was so brisk and cold that it really made the evening unenjoyable. When the service prevents you from being able to order something, it's a major red flag.A chocolate lover's wet dream.No, just no. 1. The whisky cocktails were top notch. Manhattan and Old Fashioned both well-poured and correctly mixed. 2. Service was schmea. Not bad, but not $60 a person good. We had people join our table at different times and she didn't immediately approach or acknowledge (which would've been more tolerable if she wasn't leaned against the bar 5 feet away staring at us). Didn't notice empty drinks either. Not a fan.3. Everything was stupid salty. 4. Butternut Squash Soup (daily special), just didn't taste right. Super thick but had garnishes that really didn't pair well with the soup. Also salty. Green beans were slathered in this ranch type dressing that didn't do it for us. Also, tasted kind of blanched, but kind of cooked, so it didn't have the crunch I was looking for in a cold green bean salad. The bacon on it was good, but overly large and also neither hot nor cold. 5. Tuna Melt was the biggest meh ever. It barely had any tuna on it, just lots of bread and lots of cheese. The tuna I did get was fine enough, but unremarkable. The capers did a lot to cover up the lack of anything. The arugala salad (on the side) was luke warm, tasted like the greens hadn't been washed, and unevenly dressed. SO's chicken was nicely fried (had excellent rosemary crusted skin), but the potatoes on the plate were extremely salty (especially considering the salt on the skin). Also, he had the green beans as an app (we didn't split), and his chicken came with green beans. He thought it was a major service oversight to not point out that his entree had the same vegetable as his app/salad (this wasn't mentioned on the menu to my knowledge).6. The donuts were schmea. They weren't cakey enough to me and weren't dusted with enough cinnamon. Also weren't as warm as I'd prefer. Had more of a dunkin donuts texture and quality than a fancy restaurant quality. I'm not terrible sure they were fried to order and definitely tasted pre-made and then baked or re-heated. The chocolate sauce was fine enough (I'd prefer it to be darker but it tasted better than a melted Hershey bar).  The caramel popcorn on the plate was super salty and beyond my understanding. Here have some crappy popcorn, so you don't notice the mediocrity of our donuts. My SO liked his after-dinner coffee.I cannot imagine a more disappointing, overpriced meal. It was by far not worth the money because it simply didn't taste all that good.ok.  so no one tell sarah that i said this because she thinks this place is the end all be all of brunch locales.  i'm indifferent.  yes, the hot chocolate is delish.  no two ways about that.  its like drinking a melted chocolate bar.  so rich that even i cant finish it.  but totally worth the money.  we had three types at the table:  mexican (spicy, but not burny), the medium (SO GOOD) and the half and half (just get coffee and a hot chocolate, its not so hot together).  good to sample all.then we got the donuts.  for shiz?  4 for, what, 7 bucks?  i could go to dunky's and get like 4 times that amount for half the price!  whatever.  the preserves were good though.as for sandwiches.  i got the ham, it was tasty, but it tasted a little hot doggy for my hot dog hating palate.  my bf got the biscuit, but it was super dry, and he's pretty easy to please with food.  sarah got the ricotta and egg sandwich, and it was by far the best of the bunch.all in all, there are other places i would rather go, but for a nice brunch if the parents are in town, or you feel like its ok to drop 60 bucks on breakfast, this is the place to do it.The decadent hot chocolate is just creamy, rich, milky, liquid chocolate flowing over your tongue and warming your insides. And it's topped with a house-made marshmallow.  Yum!My husband does not like desserts. I know. He is the type of guy who scrapes off all the frosting from his cupcake, tosses the frosting into the trash, and then eats his naked cupcake. He might as well have just eaten a muffin instead.But. This place made him fall in love with dessert. We were there last night and despite finishing his entire medium rare steak for dinner, while in the middle of our dessert, he commented that he had plenty of room left in his stomach for the dessert we were having. Usually, he would tell me that he has no room for dessert and would just eat a bite or two of our shared dessert just to please me. But not last night. We each got our own dessert. They were having a rhubarb special which came with 6 different mini dessert courses at $20 per person. Each item came in a tasting portion: rhubarb cocktail, rhubarb galette, red velvet cupcake with rhubarb cream cheese, risotto with rhubarb jam, rhubarb+lemon curd, rhubarb+vanilla sorbet. Very unique dessert concoctions and the resulting taste and execution were excellent. Most importantly, the desserts were not too sweet. My husband finished his dessert before me. Usually he would be struggling to finish his dessert. Since this place specializes in dessert, we were not sure how the entrees would fare but they were definitely of good standard. I ordered the whole grilled fish, yes, it was served whole with the head and tail. And I loved it. The skin was charred until crispy and the fish inside was so moist and flavorful. I polished it clean. While many people prefer to eat their fish in fillet form, I give Hot Chocolate credit for being brave in offering the fish in whole form. The grilled fish was served in a purist way with some fresh cilantro, dill, shaved fennel, and capers over the grilled fish. Nothing else. Just like the way Jamie Oliver would do it. My husband's steak was prepared was prepared medium rare just as requested and it was done just right- not over or under cooked.This was our first time at Hot Chocolate and having read previous reviews and after hearing our friends tell us about this place, it did seem that this place was once a romantic and dimly lit place. However, this place just reopened after being closed for remodeling and the revamped Hot Chocolate that we went to last night is now a rustic and a little grunge place. Loved the atmosphere.Tasty foods. Over-priced. No free refills on coffee??? Hmmm. Hoity-toity? Um, yes. But hey I have to admit, I like lavish. My dining compadres were not as impressed as me.Maybe it's the name, but I have never really thought of going to Hot Chocolate for dinner.  However, last night a friend of ours had her birthday dinner there and boy have I been missing out on some great food.Our party was eight strong and we were seated at this great private table set far back in the restaurant right next to the kitchen.  The table was surrounded by a retractable mesh curtain which allowed you to further section yourself off if so desired.  At first glance the menu was a bit random.  However, after further examination there was definitely a method to the madness.   I had an extremely hard time deciding between the hamburger and the pork tenderloin w/ crispy pork shoulder.   I asked the waitress what she'd get and she professed her love for both dishes.   I've never been a man to back down from a challenge so I ordered both entrees.   On top of that I split the roasted beet salad with Audrey and split the macaroni and cheese with Stu.  The beet salad was light and delicious. The mac and cheese was perfect!  Rather than go all nuts with the truffle oil and chive essence, Hot Chocolate just throws down some good ole fashion mac n cheese.  Out of the eight of us (9 entrees) there wasn't a single miss.  Stu's lamb and grits was perfect and the cheddar melt with apples on pumpernickel was on deck to be my third entree of the evening.  Helping make the dinner all the better were a few bottles of the Ayres Pinot.  The food was great and the menu was refreshing!For dessert we ordered just about everything on the menu.  No seriously, we ordered just about everything on the menu.  Out of all of our desserts only one was a miss for me and that was the chocolate peanut butter one.  The pastry chef herself said it was her favorite, so maybe the bar was set a bit high for it.  If I had to give Hot Chocolate a knock, it would probably be on the size to dollar ratio on the desserts.  They are beautifully plated, but a bit small for $11 each.The service was killer.  Super friendly and knowledgeable.  We informed the waitress that a few appetizers/salads would be split and she took the initiative to have the kitchen split them for us.  It's little things like that that can make the difference between average service and great service.The decor was a hit for me as well.  It's intimate, warm, eclectic, and modern.  I love the open access to the kitchen and the little lounge are in the front window.  At the end of the day, the food was great, the service was great, and the space was great.  Hot Chocolate may just be my "it" restaurant of the moment.  Yes, I do realize it's been around for a while, but the dinner portion is new to me!1 Makers and Ginger Ale1 Manhattan Up2 Goose Island Imperial IPAs2 bottles of Ayres Pinot Noir1 bottle of Prosecco2 Beet Salads1 Cheese Plate1 Pork Tenderloin2 Hamburgers2 Brioche Cheese Things1 Lamb1 Mac and Cheese1 Bread Salad1 Pasta1 Cheddar Melt1 Mint Brownie Milk Shake3 Double Espressos1 Warm Chocolate Cake1 Cake and Shake 1 Peanut Butter1 Apples1 Pumpkin-----------------------------------------$543Sweet Heaven!  Aside for the host, I would have fallen in love with this place.We called ahead and they told us that there was plenty of seating in their tables and there was always their bar and lounge area.  Of course, 20 minutes later, it's a different story.  The host told us that it would be a 45 min wait... which we said was fine.  We then hover over to the lounge bar area to sit, the host quickly sent us back and told us that we were not allowed to wait there or eat there.  We couldn't help but notice that another woman had her plate to her face, shoving items into her mouth but didn't want to be difficult and just waited by the door.  Shortly after, another group comes in, checks in,  and went to sit in the lounge.  At this point, the male host no longer addresses us.   That raised a few eyebrows but the icing on the cake was when they give the second group a table and a female employee asked if we minded eating in the lounge area.  I honestly didn't care either way but didn't understand what the his whole pretense was about.  Also, service was really slow at the start because no waiter was assigned to us.  Minus a star for this.  Maybe even more...  That being said... the pear bread pudding and the pumpkin cheesecake was DIVINE.  *wiping drool off the side of my mouth* I also had bites of the Duck Entree and the Mac & Cheese... both were very good.  The Apple Pizza was decent but not something I'd feel the need to order again.  The only thing I found to be underwhelming was their chocolate souffle. Their hot chocolates, albeit very sweet,  were solid... I especially liked the Mint one. Overall, we had a decadent and very scrumptious 4th meal.3.5 stars really.decent but forgettable beet salad, great burger, solid desserts but slightly disappointing given the chef's reputation with pastry. service was amateur. i am interested in coming back for the dessert "study" to see if what is offered in the evening is better than the abbreviated dessert options at lunch. full review with pics in my blog.Tried it and it and okay food- nothing that was overly inspired but pretty solid staples- maybe 10 interesting entrees overall. BUT: good beer selection, good wine selection, great service and an unbelievable cookie tasting for dessert! My new favorite cookie are the leopard cookies- chocolate and vanilla shortbread-striped cookies! wooo!I really wanted to like this place but found myself getting very annoyed within the first 20 minutes. The hostess was friendly and we put our names down for a table and proceeded to sit in the front bar/lounge area where I was told there was table service. We waited a good 30 minutes in that lounge area and were not approached by either of the two servers that were quite attentive to the three groups that sat down after us. Usually I'm not put off by this, it's not as though there clocks above our heads proclaiming who sat down first...but it was blatantly bad customer service to attend to one couple THREE times and ignore the couple sitting RIGHT NEXT to them. That was super annoying. But once seated, our actual server was very attentive and helpful and very quick on the drinks. Overall, the food was not as impressive as I had hoped, especially for the price. I had hoped the desert would make up for it, but the crème brulee was too thick and the sugar "crust" (no idea what you would actually call that) was too thick and hard. I would probably go back for the actual hot chocolate or to try another desert but I won't be back for dinner.Oh. Emm. Gee! This place is a must visit. It captures you from the moment that you walk into the door: I like the dim lighting and rich, warm, inviting colors. It screams chocolate! We started off with the Mac and cheese. It is a great dish, but may be too much for a standalone. We enjoyed this as a starter between four people- it was enough, we even had leftovers! It is a very very rich dish, full of cheese, butter, cheese, butter, cheese, and Mac. I selected the duck dish. It was wonderful! The skin was perfectly seasoned, pulling the rich duck flavors in with every bite. The lentils that the duck is paired with are simple and absolutely perfect. You must try it for yourself!A member of my company went with the trout dish. It was cooked perfectly. The seasoning was prepared well, but still a little too salty for me. The turnips were a nice pairing. Dun dun dun: desert! The banana dish (one banana two banana) is a wow-factor. It is not too sweet, the bread pudding is epic, the ice cream is an amazing accent- overall: bravo!We also tried the peanut butter cup signature dish. It was yum! However- you must love peanut butter! Well done Hot Chocolate- you are hot hot hot!This was the second time I've been to mindys/bluebird. I have had their Mac and cheese which was spectacular. This time I had the lamb flatbread which was ok, kind of greasy and made me wish I had just gotten a burger. Luckily dessert made up for I had the Mexican hot chocolate which was phenomenal!Absolutely the best hot chocolate I every taste.  The food is good, very filling and you get a bang for your buck... Yes I can't wait to go back:)I was just here last week, and was very impressed!  The dessert selection itself is a touch small, with only about 10 or so offerings each night, but it will absolutely satisfy your sweet tooth (I went with the Chocolate II and loved it!)  There are a few dessert drinks/wines available,too, but nothing special.   Would definitely go again!This place is insanely good. Cosy atmosphere, great service (the accommodated all 14 of us) and good food. The macaroni and cheese was intense. Get the brioche donuts with chocolate dip, you won't be disappointed.I really love this place....The atmosphere was nice, the food was really good...We started with the mussels and Grilled octopus for apps...My husband and I agreed the Octopus was a sure winner nicely accompanied by the tapenade and feta was totally delicious. For entrees my husband had the fish which he liked and I had the Aged cheddar burger with a fried egg for the very first time ever which was like heaven in my mouth chased by a raspberry Tom Collins that hit the spot.....will definetly be returning.The hot chocolate was awesome. The food-fair. Nonetheless we had a great time.a little disappointing. we ordered the coffee. it looked impressive with individual french press for each order, but it was weak and tepid in temp. i ordered the steak and eggs and the eggs were over cooked and really salty. the steak was ok but i'm not sure what "kobe style" meant as described on the menu. the wife had the salad and her pears were bruised and the toast burnt black on the side facing down. my friend had the quiche and it was too runny and not set. it could have been so much better if they paid more attention to what they were serving.We made it to the restaurant two hours ahead of our reservation and were promptly seated.Unfortunately, they had very little in the way of choices for vegetarians; most of the menu posted online was unavailable at the restaurant. I ended up going with a pasta dish that was decent, but no where near worth the price we paid.The beet salad was really quite good and we were impressed with the beer options.We opted for brioche donuts and red velvet cake for dessert. The brioche donuts were a revelation, but the red velvet cake was subpar. The waitress was kind enough to take the cake off of our bill.Of course, we finished the meal with the hot chocolate. I went with the medium cup and was delighted at the creamy taste and the delightful home-made marshmallows.If I ever come back here, I will skip to the brioche donuts and hot chocolate and save the real dining for another establishment.I went here with my wife just for dessert, we ended up spending $20 (with tax and tip) on a tiny, chocolate cake/pie with a pretzel sticking out of it, not a soft pretzel mind you, but the hard kind you get out of a vending machine.  I understand this place is known for the ambience, but come on, would it kill them to provide a little more value?The food was very good, and the service was outstanding.  From the hostess to our waiter, service was top notch.  The hostess was very accommodating to my reservation time change, and table switch.  We went on a Wednesday night, and it was still packed.  So make sure to make reservations before going.  Our waiter was very friendly as well.  We felt like white wine for a change, but we're no experts when it comes to wine.  We just told him we wanted something crisp, refreshing, and on the sweet side.  My friend almost wanted to order a port wine because she wanted something sweet, but I am no fan of dessert wine as they are always too sweet for me.  Our waiter instead of just letting us order whatever, offered to give us a taste sample of two wines that he thought would go well with our food, and was on a sweeter side.  The samples were both delicious, but we did choose one, and it was perfect with our food.   The bus boys were quick to clear our plates and refill our water glasses.  They kept springing up out of nowhere and cleared our dishes.  That gave us a little feeling like we were being rushed, but with everyone being so nice, we just attributed it as being too efficient.  Now, the food was very good too.  We had their house made pasta, and that was fantastic.  We also had their special braised pork shoulder, and that was very tender and juicy.  The mussels were very tasty, and the sauce was great with bread.  We had hot chocolate for dessert, and we were a little disappointed that it was over the top sweet.  I think I was only able to take three sips with gulps of water in between each sip.  So, that was the only let down.  Overall, a yummy good time.Breakdown: Mussels in white wine and butter - basic, but very yummyFresh made pasta with butternut squash, pine nuts, and ricotta - very good pasta, and the flavors mixed very wellBraised pork shoulder - was very tender, and a true yummy comfort foodIce cream and sorbet (burnt honey, roasted pineapple, and rose poached pear) - decent, but nothing special Mexican Hot Chocolate with marshmallow - so sweet my tooth achedIt had been a while since I was last here but last nights dinner was pleasant.  I called earlier in the day to make a reservations for 8pm but was told by the hostess that the earliest reservation time was 9:30pm.  She suggested that we try walking in instead since the restaurant holds a few open tables for walk ins.  My cousin and I got there around 8pm, put our names in, and grabbed drinks at the bar while we waited.  I ordered a Gimlet, which consisted of fresh basil, lime and Death's Door gin.  I really enjoyed the light basil flavor mixed with just the right amount of lime juice.  It was mixed perfectly by the bartender.   No more than 15 minutes later, the hostess informs us that a table was ready.  Looking at the menu, it was different than the one offered online on the website, so just an FYI.  We ordered the beet salad, pretzel, mac and cheese and the hot chocolate burger, which was just names Chicago mags #2 burger in the city.  Beet salad was nice and refreshing.  The pretzels suffered from too much salt.  I like them much better after rubbing half of it off.  My cousin enjoyed her mac and cheese.  My burger was good, but I wouldn't rank last nights offering as #2 in the city, not even top 10.  The patty itself had a great beefy flavor and was seasoned perfectly.  However, I ordered it medium and it came well done.  Also, I ordered my burger with egg and the egg was cooked all the way through. It didn't have the runny yolk that I was expecting, wanting, craving.    For dessert we had the brioche donuts, which were solid, if unspectacular.  I also ordered the mexican hot chocolate which was thick and rich, especially after the homemade marshmallow melted into it.  Service was awesome all night.  Our server was great from beginning to end.  Water was filled constantly and plates cleared promptly.     A couple things that reviewer Katie M. below conveniently fails to mention in her review below. #1. the restaurant.com cert specifically states in its terms that it cannot be combined with promotions, which 1/2 price wine night clearly is.  Secondly,(something we learned from our server, who coincidentally served Katie) Katie mentioned the certificate halfway through her meal, after ordering the wine.  Again, it clearly states to present your certificate BEFOREHAND in the terms.  I know this because we used the same cert for our meal and I knew the details.  Geez, take the time to read the details before getting upset.The only real complaint, besides the overcooked burger and egg, was that it was kind of loud in the restaurant.  Or maybe the noise was fine and I'm just getting old, I dunno.  I would definitely go back though.From the food to the service to the wine list to the... HOT CHOCOLATE.  A+.  Cool location in the heart of Bucktown too -- come for brunch or dinner, and enjoy a stroll down Damen.HO-LEE majoley. I loved this place. I've been wanting to come here for SO long, but knowing that I would probably order at least 3 things that included chocolate as a main ingredient, I never really had a good enough excuse to come here until my birthday. So, that's where I made the boy take me.We each started with a shake. Yes, they come in very skinny glasses, but I was glad because I didn't want it to fill me up too much. Also, they come with two cookies on the side, which: awesome. Steve got the chocolate banana shake (good) and I had the chocolate peanut butter (AMAZING). For an appetizer, we had the homemade pretzels, which were fabulous enough alone, but the cheese dipping sauce was so good I wanted to cry.For the entree, I had the mac and cheese and a side of the cauliflower gratin. The mac and cheese comes in a tiny dish but it is REALLY filling, and also really really good. Like I've said before, I am a mac and cheese SNOB, and I loved this stuff. I only ate half of it so that I'd have room for dessert, and the other half reheated very well the next day. The cauliflower gratin was very good too, although not as cheesy as one might hope. The boy had a burger, which was good but a little salty. The accompanying coleslaw and chips were both really good.The moment I had been waiting for was dessert, but I was surprised by the fact that I liked Steve's better than mine. I had been literally DREAMING about the chocolate souffle with salted caramel ice cream, which is what I ordered. The souffle part was good, but not very souffle-esque, which disappointed me. It was really more like a combination of a tart/flourless cake. The salted caramel ice cream, however was TO. DIE. FOR. I haven't had that since I was in Europe and it brought back a lot of memories. There was also some sort of salty-carmelly-butterscotchy sauce over the whole thing which was superb. Steve, however, ordered the brioche donuts and luckily, he didn't really like them. I, on the other hand, could have eaten them all day and all night. I guess they are a little on the weird side if you're not into brioche, but I thought they were a taste SENSATION. I saved a couple of those too, and they also reheated very nicely. I appreciated the chocolate sauce that came with them, but I thought they were just dandy on their own.Oh, and of course I tried the hot chocolate. I went with Dark, and it was WHOA. It was dark. Really good, but a little too much after a humongous meal like that. I took most of it home.I want to go back!Took out of town relatives to Mindy's only to find them closed for a private party.  All we wanted was hot chocolate to go but we were turned away (a party of 5) with another large group behind us also trying to get in.  It would have been good to have a sign on the door - or even lock the door.  Big disappointment to get in and then be turned away.Oh YES! Ommmmm.... the Universal One ALWAYS needs good chocolate, and not the CHEAP kind. This is a wonderful place to dine, I'm sure, but it's probably an even bester place to dessert. With champagne, and wine, the banana thing is DIVINE, and the many-chocolate thing is EQUALLY GOD. I'd just say one thing - maybe go on an emptyish stomach like we did and everything just delivers. Including the service.what?! i haven't reviewed this place yet?  oy vey.3 categoriesHOT CHOCOLATE-  delicious.  super rich.  amazing homemade marshmallows. if you're not a sweets person, you probably won't like it.  If you are, you will find it dangerously good.  And by dangerously, I mean diabetes-in-one-sitting kinda good.  My personal favorite is the mexican, which tastes exactly the same as dark but with a spicy kick.FOOD- It's yummy, but for the price..? I am not so much a fan.  I've never had anything there that was completely amazing food wise.  I do like the mac and cheese.DECOR AND SERVICE-  It's definitely a fun place.  I'm not quite sure where they're going with the nude body part art (a huge butt picture when you walk in, it's actually 3D, so you can cradle the butt cheeks- my friend tried it.  There are also other random nude body parts if you look around), but the lighting and color scheme is nice.  The waiters tend to be quite helpful, as do the hostesses (Host-i?)  Infact, I even got a free cookie last night!i can't write a review based on the food because after waiting a half hour for a server to come to our table, we left. not to mention we were place at a table in the middle of the room that seated about 6 and there were only 2 of us.that after waiting about 20 minutes to be seated. we weren't dressed up, but we weren't dressed down. i'll easily drop a few hundred on a good meal, but i felt like were got overlooked because other people were a priority.won't give this place a second chance because we didn't even get an apology as we left and passed about 3 employees.My girlfriends took me here for my birthday. It was great. Everything we ordered tasted really good and the desserts were divine. Pretty intimate but at the same time crowded place. There's dim lighting and the decor is beautiful. Service was quick and very friendly. Parking is a pain but there's a valet lot right next door.i love almost everything i've ever put in my mouth at hot chocolate.  my only complaint about the place is that EVERYONE wants to come ALL the time.  unfortunately, this means that on a quiet saturday night when all i want to do is have a bit of dessert and some conversation in a dark corner, approximately ~78% of the couples in wicker park also have the same idea and are fighting against me for a table at hot chocolate.  with this type of popularity, service issues (albeit minor) inevitably arise.  servers are busy, bartenders are busy -- everyone is friendly and willing to help, but they are definitely busy.  though i've sampled the food, the desserts are the real winners.  in the mood for hot chocolate?  the house-made marshmallow will blow you away with its size.  just want chocolate?  the chocolate #1 is dense and lovely and too much for one person to handle.  seasonal desserts are creative and beautifully presented.  i had a Quebecois sugar pie that i still think about occasionally.  menu offerings change with the seasons -- great for those who want to come back and constantly try new things.Reallly great desserts and delicious hot chocolate (the darker ones turn into a pudding-like consistency if you refrigerate them). Great place to come after dinner, I haven't yet tried their non-desert menu.It's like Mom always said, "Don't eat all those sweets or you'll get a stomach ache."  And that's exactly what I got.  I think the mistake lied somewhere between the first dessert of the night (banana rolls at PF Chang's=irresistible) and the excessive amount of desserts ordered at Hot Chocolate.  We went on a Saturday, and it was quite busy when we arrived around 9:30.  We put down our name and went for a stroll down to the Milwaukee, Damen, North Ave intersection.  After seeing all the cute restaurants, we vowed to start dining in this area more.  When we returned to the restaurant, the hostess was very attentive and updated us regarding the table.  The bar and "lounge" in front are open seating, however, we weren't in the mood to be vultures hovering until someone gave up his/her seat. My friends and I eat ordered our own hot chocolate - light, half & half, and the last one isn't on the online menu so of course I don't remember the name.  All delicious though the half & half was not a good idea at 10:30 as it is half espresso.  For dessert (as if we hadn't eaten that course yet) we got Chocolate #2, which was a chocolate layered cake with a mini sized shake.  The melty layers of the cake were very good.  Although our waiter wasn't super attentive, we appreciated the fact that we weren't rushed out of the table as we had a lot of catching up to do.  Will definitely be back to try dinner - it looked pretty good as we were sneaking peeks at neighbor's plates.WOW - Almost forgot to comment on the strange decor which consisted of wooden carvings.  You have to see it for yourself....Delicious!  My friend and I went this past Friday night and had the cheese biscuit appetizer, the grilled cheese w/pumpernickel, honey and granny smith apple salad and then for dessert, the brioche donuts and the black and white #2 dessert with the milano cookie....all I can say is that EVERYTHING was amazing!  We had reservations for 7:30, so it wasn't too packed yet....so our service was just fine, waitress very nice.  I will definitely be back to enjoy more yummy desserts!!!Meh I should have paid attention to the "get food elsewhere and dessert here" posts.  Brunch was underwhelming.We felt jammed in next to the register/server station... one of those tables that just shouldn't be there.  Sandwiches took forever to come out and were just ok.  And nittiest of nit-picks:  French presses are awesome for coffee, I get it.  And I use a french press at home, but apparently whoever designed the idea here doesn't, because coffee should be poured out of a french press when it's brewed, not left to sit... I poured one very small cup of coffee, and the rest of the coffee in the french press, that they just leave sitting on your table, was ruined.  Jeeze, I have turned into such a snob!  Oh well.Go for dessert...Had dinner with my husband & 2 friends at Hot Chocolate on Thursday, not our first time there, but probably the last for dinner...Initial time for the server to make an appearance at the table was long, but it was ok as we were all talking & there was water. We ordered wine & cocktails and a selection of appetizers to share. The appetizers were good, however the mac & cheese was not as full flavored as it has been in the past, and the soft pretzel was actually pretty dry - the cauliflower gratin was very very good however...When we ordered the appetizers we specifically discussed pacing the meal with our server - she encouraged us to order our entrees at the same time as the appetizers and assured us that the pace would not be rushed. Despite this conversation, our entrees arrived just as the appetizers were being cleared.In ordering a second bottle (of a different wine) only one person received a fresh glass. We eventually flagged down someone else to round up new glasses for the rest of the table and refill our long empty water carafe.Not surprisingly, since the burger issue of Time Out just arrived, we all ordered the burger. Four out of four burgers were overcooked. Not horribly overcooked - I ordered mine medium & it was more medium well.  One person at the table sent his back as he felt it was just too overdone. It took a long time to get the redo & it came out just as overdone - no pink at all -though he was told they specifically "undercooked" it a bit... It was nice that the chef came out to check on it, but he came out just as it was delivered, before our dining companion had a chance to try it. He ended up being sort of pushed into cutting it in half, after which a fairly awkward discussion ensued about the doneness level and oxidization.. I'm sure it was not the intention, but the vibe was defensive and a seemed a little bit unfriendly, it made everyone at the table uncomfortable.The desserts were awesome - we each ordered a different one, and the kitchen sent out two extras because of the burger issues - which was very nice. No point in even describing the desserts - they were all amazing, each in their own special way.Maybe it was just an "off" night, but this last dinner was not comparable past experience. For the price point I'd suggest having dinner elsewhere and then go to Hot Chocolate for amazing desserts...ok - this place is very pretty on the eyes.  the prices are ok but the night i went - the young server was kinda a pain.  he was so busy trying to be funny that he was NOT!the food was ok - you won't get too many options and i guess maybe that should be expected from a dessert place.the desserts were plentiful and tasty.would i go again?  yeah but only on someone else's dimeI've been here a few times since my last review and i LOVE it.  I have never ever tasted hot chocolate this amazing.  Their brunch is delicious, and fairly affordable and their desserts are amazing!Went there last night for dessert.  Would have preferred to sit at a 'regular' table....there were two of us and only four tops were available so our only choices were to leave or sit at the communal table....not ideal for a date.  Nonetheless, the dessert was amazing and our server, Greg, was the best....witty, informative, friendly with the perfect touch of sassiness.  I would definitely recommend Mindy's.I visited Hot Chocolate recently with three girlfriends.  I loved the space, lighting, dcor, and the noise level was totally reasonable.  The food was very good and everything on the menu sounded outstanding - a lot to lure me back when I feel like I've done something to deserve a little pricier meal.  We shared the pretzel/mustard/cheese appetizer which was yummy but I probably would've ordered something a little more unusual if I hadn't been sharing with a vegetarian.  Then I had the burger with bacon and fried egg, served with house-made chips...great burger, very fresh tasting and cooked perfectly.  (BTW, looove that the meat is organic (at least what I had) and that they focus on local food.)  For dessert we all had hot chocolate - I ordered the "dark" which was SO RICH I felt like I was drinking the oozey center of a molten chocolate cake...very delicious but I took most of it home in a to-go cup because it was so intense.  I also tasted the Mexican hot chocolate (awesome) and the black and tan with 1/3 hot fudge (good).Our only complaint, as a table, was the slowwwness of service.  At first we were totally into our waiter, he was sweet and opinionated and smiley.  However, we waited way too long for each course (dessert was a little more normally timed) - to the extent that we looked at each other like, really? Where is our food?  So I'd definitely come back, but not on a night that I'm feeling impatient.  Maybe on a Tuesday for half price wine night, to share an appetizer, wine, and dessert with my date.Oh man try the pear dessert! It's amazing and apparently way under ordered according to our waitress. This place can have a really long wait on a weekend, but week days aren't bad. Its really the only place in wicker park to grab dessert. Their hot chocolate is to die for I highly recommend it alone though because hot chocolate and a dessert is just way too much!A friend and I stopped by Hot Chocolate on a weeknight for after dinner drinks and dessert. We had the highly recommended brioche doughnuts paired with wine and some of their specialty hot chocolate. The doughnuts were amazingly rich and were served with hot fudge and caramel corn. The doughnuts were great, but the caramel corn was slightly stale, which for $11 was disappointing. The hot chocolate, though, was amazing. We chose the black and tan, made with both milk and dark chocolate mixed with hot fudge. Mindy Segal is a James Beard Award Nominee, and with so many positive reviews I would definitely be willing to give it another shot, next time for brunch or dinner. In the mean time, it was merely a 3 star, just okay experience for me.Can't decide between dinner and breakfast.  Mindy is a cool character.Out of this world hot chocolate and desserts! Atmosphere was awesome!Heaven has a branch on earth. Its called Mandy's Hot Chocolate. I never thought, in my life that I will eat a delicious popcorn or donuts. Unbelievably, amazing.I went here with two girlfriends for my friend's birthday on a Wed. evening. We had reservations for just dessert for 8:30, and it was pretty busy when we arrived. 8:30 came and went with nobody getting up from their tables, and the hostess was apologizing to us for there not being a table available for us. At around 8:40 the man who would be our waiter came by and told us that they would buy us a round of drinks or an appetizer as an apology for our table not being available, which was very very nice of them, and we were totally understanding, so it was a nice gesture. All three of us ended up getting the Hot Buttered Rum, which was DELICIOUS. Seriously, it's worth the price for this cocktail. We kept looking at each other and going "OH MY GOD THIS IS SO GOOD" after every single sip. It's rum, handmade butterscotch, boiling water, whipped cream, cinnamon, nutmeg, and maybe one or two other things I forgot. Perfect on a freezing winter day. I think we got seated around 8:50 or 9:00. Our waiter, who I think was named Sonny (I didn't quite catch it) was probably the best server I've ever had! He was just so nice and knowledgeable, and really made us feel special. He mentioned that he has been working for the restaurant ever since it opened 8 years ago, so it's no wonder that he knew what he was doing. We made the mistake/awesome decision of each ordering a hot chocolate AND dessert on top of our already rich cocktail. I got the Mexican hot chocolate, which was very good, dark, and rich. The cinnamon and cayenne gave it an almost peanut buttery taste to me, which was weird but good. My friend got the cacao nib hot chocolate, which tasted caramely and soooo good. These hot chocolates are a dessert in their own right, which we didn't realize. They are SO rich, it's like chocolate soup. I also got the banana bread pudding, which I only got to have about 3 bites of before I felt like i was going to burst (we had also had dinner about an hour before so we were already full) but nevertheless was very banana-y, rich, and delicious. I boxed most of it up to take home with me. My friend got the donuts, which I took a bite of, and they were excellent dipped in the hot chocolate. My friend whose birthday it was ordered the chocolate and honey souffle, which I did not taste, but it looked good, and they wrote Happy Birthday on her plate in chocolate and placed a candle on the plate, which was really cute and was a nice touch. We were all so full that we had our desserts boxed up, and they also have to-go cups so we took our half-full cups of hot chocolate home too. Our server mentioned that the leftover hot chocolate is really good in coffee the next morning, so I will have to try that!I think next time I go, i will just get a hot chocolate and a serving of donuts for the table to share.  I can't wait to go back!Really nice place for a date or to relax with friends. Had the burger it was very good. I like the little condiment bottles! Had the apple dessert but it was a big miss. The apple mixture was really good but there was not enough of it. The biscuit was dry, stale tasting. Cream was bland. Not expected! Also it was very small. Not for sharing. I'll come back to try the beef bourguignon dish and hot chocolate.I am on a personal mission to try every Burger Place that made "Chicago Magazines Top Burger of 2009" and #2, Hot Chocolate was next on my list. I actually enjoyed the burger from Hot Chocolate more than the #1 ranked burger at Prairie Grass Cafe. The main reason for this is that HC focuses more on the burger, while Prairie Grass places a hefty amount of blue cheese on top of theirs. Just a side note, the Prairie burger is still outstanding (See my review), but I just felt like the burger didn't shine as much as it should have.OK, now onto HC. Cool atmosphere, nice wait staff, and decent drink menu. We had the Mac'N Cheese as an appetizer, and it was amazing. It looks a little watery, but fear not, its one of the best you'll ever have... very good cheddar cheese must have been used. We each obviously  got the burger with the fried egg, and it was great. Perfectly cooked, simple accompaniments, and great flavor. They do char their burgers over an open flame, and I will admit that, if you do not like a very "charred" taste, this burger may not be fore you. The fried egg is a great addition to the burger, and I promise it was an organic egg, the yolk was too creamy for it not to be. My only knock against the burger was the fries.... or lack thereof, HC serves Potato chips, and while they are tasty, I want some fries with my burger. We also had dessert, and as I'm sure most of my reviews show that, I am not a dessert guy, but that's what HC is known for so... "When in Rome." We chose the Chocolate Dish and the Banana Bread Pudding, both were quit good, but the Banana Bread Pudding was absolutely outstanding.... I would return just for that dish!Overall, its was a very well done burger and the Mac'N Cheese was perfect. The Banana Bread Pudding was the deal maker for me, and I would go back and recommend Hot Chocolate to anyone willing to drop $100 on a burger based dinner.A little pricey, but still worth it. I had the chocolate martini and it was phenomenal. But at $14 a pop I wouldn't expect anything short of amazing. I didn't have entrees, but we ordered a dessert that was outstanding. It was some chocolate dish that had a homemade pretzel on it. I will definitely be back; maybe to try dinner as well.I had high in the sky expectations for this place- I mean- being called "hot chocolate" and everything. It didn't quite meet my expecatations- but I would go back, ONLY for their rich, cinnamony, hot chocolate. I tried the white hot chocolate on my first visit. Very, very sweet. Accompanied by a homemade marshmellow that is to die for. I loved it- but be warned, it is only for the tried and true sugar addicts.The second time I tried the chai hot chocolate- this was the big winner. Fucking fabulous. Wouldn't try anything else. Not too many spices, rich, creamy, smooth, delicious hot chocolate with hints of chai. Perfection.The food's cheese was far too sharp, and I couldn't really stomach it. The red velvet cupcake was the nastiest thing I've ever tasted- the frosting tasted like some awkwardly healthy combination of mayonnaise and fish. Yes, fish. On a cupcake. HORRID. I spit it out because I couldn't swallow it, so gross. Didn't meet my expectations, but it was good for it's self-proclaimed speciality- hot chocolate.So the last time I came here with m girlfriend we had an amazing experience. Unfortunately this time will be my last. We came for a nice dinner and were again seated very close to the neighboring table...no big deal but annoying. The food was mediocre. My girlfriend had the chicken which was WAY too lemony. I mean it tasted like you were eating a lemon and made my stomach churn. I had some sort of beef dish that was alright. All in all the place is way overpriced for the flavor and amount. We had dessert with the two dishes and a beer each and spent about $130! On another note - the place was close last year around December, 2011 and was being "renovated". The thing is when we came nothing was different...NOTHING! Were they closed for health reasons? Inspection failure? I don't know, but when you put notices up stating you are renovating and nothing changes it causes concern.I love the vibe of this place. It's laid-back but elegant. On a Wednesday night the restaurant was slow but I prefer it that way...bluegrass music on the stereo and we could hear each other's conversation! Our waitress wasn't solicitous but sometimes I prefer it that way..still a bit more warmth might have been nice. (Dropping the check on your table without saying thanks isn't very polite, in my opinion, especially on a slow night.) I had the pasta special--divine--papardelle Isp?) noodles with ricotta, smoked chicken, peas and carrots--sounds like a weird mix but it was one of the most divine pasta dishes I've ever had. The dessert--Chocolate #2--a baked alaska with chocolate brownie--was equally divine. I can understand why the chef was nominated for a James Beard award in pastry. I'd like to try every dessert there eventually! Minor complaints: more salads. Nicer waitress. The sandwiches menu while I didn't try doesn't look especially appealing (a tuna melt?) though I appreciate it being offered for more thrifty patrons. And the art in the bathroom has got to go. It's truly disturbing and bad. (Some sort of headless Barbie strapped to a chair...not what you want to see at a dining establishment, folks, even if you're trying to be edgy!)Ok.  Thank GOD I don't live near here... I would be in trouble, right quick.With some serious urging from two industry friends (one of whom worked here, a few years ago), I finally made my way in to see what the fuss was all about.  Every single word of it is warranted!Friday night, late night (we rolled up in there around 11) and it was crazy busy.  Super high ceilings made acoustics a little tricky, but I didn't feel crowded or overwhelmed; the low lighting helped make the big space feel intimate, and the music selection was pretty chill (an obscure Atmosphere song came on, and I was both shocked and psyched).  The server was one I'd have hired in a heartbeat back in the day.  She was comfortable, casual, knowledgeable, attentive, and communicative.  She offered suggestions when we needed them, and added commentary to our ideas and selections.  I liked her and probably would have invited her to hang out with us to have a drink and chat under different circumstances.  (you know, if she wasn't working and all...)  It even turned out that we had a connection through a restaurant back home in Boston.Let's talk food...We started with some incredibly creamy and outrageously delicious pate.  Delightful little accoutrements dotted the plate, including some kind of spiced apple spread, as well as the requisite whole grain mustard and cornichons.  Paired beautifully with a glass of rich sweet pink bubbles, thankyouverymuch.  Our entrees took a couple extra minutes, but the server communicated with us while they dragged, and I understood, given how busy the place was at the end of what I can only assume was an insanely busy night.  The kitchen must have been run ragged.  But that did not hamper their ability to produce the most fantastic duck I have ever had.  Cooked perfectly medium-rare, with a nice crisp on the outside of the breast, I imagine eating myself into oblivion (goldfish-style) if an unlimited supply of this incredible dish existed.  The meat was tender, perfectly seasoned, and served with a healthy side of baby brussel sprouts cooked with bacon.  That's right.  I am not sure I could have designed a more perfect dish for my tastes - or imagined enjoying it as much as I did.  The sprouts were cooked down tender, nicely caramelized, and pan-charred just perfectly to give them a little texture.  The chunks of thick bacon were a great foil to the earthy sprouts.  I ate every.single.bite.  I'd be remiss to not mention that the server's paired pinot noir suggestion was spot-on.Dessert (of course).  How do you even begin to narrow down the options when you are at a place called Hot Chocolate, and the chef/owner is well known across the country for her prowess - especially in the dessert arena?  We opted to share (wait, wait... don't judge me yet) a banana-coffee-toffee concoction that involved a miniature banana toffee cream pie, some caramelized bananas and a piece of coffee cake, lightly griddled, and filled with some kind of custard that broke it up beautifully.  Naturally, we each paired our shared dessert with a cup of the signature hot chocolates.  Mexican (uses cayenne!) and half-and-half (espresso/hot chocolate).  I almost had to be ROLLED out of the restaurant and back to the house.  The prices were a little on the steep side, but it was to be expected.  I wouldn't blink before recommending this place to someone else - or going again myself!  In fact, I already intend to plan a return trip - for at least a wine and cheese night, if not another full multiple-course extravaganza.This was mine and my husband's first time coming here and it was a beautiful Sunday night.  We enjoyed the ambiance, the service was wonderful and they were playing the Rolling Stones and the Who music the whole time.  How can you go wrong with that??  Our waiter was cute, fun and friendly and not snooty at all as some people wrote in (about snooty service).  I got the burger with a fried egg on top and it was out of this world.  The mac & cheese side was amazing and super-cheesy.  Hubby got the fancy flank steak and he loved it.  I think he was hoping for more on his plate though for that price.  For dessert, we shared this super-duper chocolate tart thing with caramel ice cream and homemade pretzel.  OMG, it was delish!!!  It will be a while before we go back cuz the prices were way too high for us (we had a certificate).To start I had a great and unique dogfish head 750ml bottle of their Red & White. It tastes like a normal belgian however mixed with some Pinot. Very interesting and very good. For appetizers we had the beet salad which had more than enough beets and was very good. We also got the lamb flatbread which was more like a pita sandwich, but still pretty good. For my entree I had the short ribs which were large and tender. For dessert we went a little overboard and had the doughnuts, Chocolate #1, and the whichamcallit. The donuts might've been my favorite but the Chocolate #1 was a close second. ONothing spectacular. Glad I got to experience dinner at Hot Chocolate but not dying for a return visit. Service was great--  attentive, warm, friendly. Bottles of wine are half price on Tuesdays (everyone must order an entree). The portions are larger than other progressive American restaurants in Chicago. The appetizers and entrees were acceptable/good but not memorable. Everyone raves about Hot Chocolate's desserts ($12), but I ordered four plated desserts and wasn't impressed. You can find better desserts at places such as Blackbird or mk for the same price or less. Located close to 90/94 highway and easy street parking. I liked Hot Chocolate, but I wouldn't tag this place as a destination restaurant.I had a very pleasant dining experience where on a Friday evening. The girl I was with myself had drinks, a starter, dinner and desert (our total was around $140). Everything was good and I would go back here again.I was hoping this would be a good date place, but the two person tables are a bit too crowded for my tastes. The desserts, on the other hand, are super (super).Never disappointed here.  I tried Mindy's Cheddar Melt.  On pumpernickle, sharp cheddar and honey dripped on the bread.  Yum-ola.  The tomato soup, meh.  Boring and average.  The DONUTS!!! were wonderful!! I also got 2 brownies to go.  Not bad, but not in the top 10.Three stars for the entrees and apps, but 4 for the desserts. The desserts are totally calorie worthy. I'd definitely come back for dessert. It's pretty obvious why Mindy Segal was nominated for a James Beard award. This is a must try place!mmm makes chicago taste almost as good as new york! the hot chocolate is pretty rich, but the food and decor is very chic...wicker park has a few shops to work off the food afterwards...place is spacious so you can go with a crowd of people...wait isn't too bad..Tried it again, not impressed.  Still way too loud to be able to hear what anyone is saying and why are the tables so close together?? I practically had my ass in someone's dessert as I tried to squeeze into the booth.Dessert was totally underwhelming as were the drinks.  Where's the flavor? I ordered the Citrus and the blood orange compote (spelling?) was definitely raspberry.  Maybe there was a smidge of blood orange, but the base was raspberry.  I've made blood orange sorbet from scratch, so I know what the juice by itself tastes like and this was not it.  Maybe they were a bad batch (I did get some iffy ones at Whole Foods a few weeks ago) but still, don't tell me it's something it's obviously not.We will not be coming back, especially at these prices.  You do not get what you are paying for.  They need to drop everything by $3-$4.i think that i am preaching to the choir when i say that hot chocolate is like my faaaavorite restaurant. really. my first experience was a few years ago and i still think of it as one of the best meals alex and i ever shared. the most amazing part about the menu is that the food seems so simple, but its executed amazingly and the tastes end up being so complex.  we always order a few things off the menu and share it -- we leave so satisfied but never feeling heavy...more recently we came here for burgers-- and it did not disappoint! i had mine with the fried egg, alex did not. i think that its great either way, really depends on if you like yolk dripping all over you meat. the cheddar cheese was so crazy good and the thick cuts of bacon still make me drool. i will say that i could have used some french fries instead of the chips and a slice of tomato would have made it over the top for me. oh and did i mention that brunch is also amaaazing??Is it possible to give an establishment 6 stars??  If so I would like to do that for Hot Chocolate.  Please.  So long, long ago in a neighborhood close, close nearby I went on a date with a handsome prince.  It was a nightmare of a date, but it turned out okay for us as I decided to drink too much about a week later and show up at his house to give it another shot.  Flash forward and here we are all married up 7 years later.  Adam decided that 7 years was long enough for us to get over that horrible first date and make our way back to this magical (of sorts) eatery.  And here we are dining at the HC.  Sooo...  We are seated by the nice hostess who casually wished us a happy anniversary and we're kind of just waiting to be greeted, wondering why it's taking a while...  well it just so happens that a little birdie told them our story and it was AWESOME.  A gentleman brings us champagne and wishes us a happy anniversary and says to relax and our server will be with us shortly.  We're enjoying our bubbly and our server comes to welcome us and tell us about the specials.  We order a few things and start to enjoy the meal.  We had the homemade pickles which were awesome and I highly recommend and the scallops which were great as well.  Adam go the burger and I got the small salad for dinner because I mean, really, who comes here for the dinner??  Gotta save room, boys and girls, cuz here's where the good stuff starts!!  We're pumped for dessert, right??  Yeah, so we order the doughnuts (because that's what you do here) and we got the Cherries which were absolutely amazing and they wrote Happy Anniversary in chocolate on the plate!!  I feel like we got a cherry dish last time, but it's been a while, so I can't say for sure.  Oh, what should show up but a "Welcome Back" dessert of chocolate ice cream with toffee in it!!  Uh, it was great...  except that we got 5 desserts between those and our 2 hot chocolates.  (I got the Chai which was awesome and Adam got the Mexican, both outstnading)  Pretty much everyone in the staff came over to welcome us back and wish us a happy 7 years at some point in the dinner, which was really nice.  Final verdict: EPIC FIRST DATE CHOICE IF YOU GET THE CHANCE TO GO BACK FOR ANNIVERSARIES!!!  (Not to mention the best desserts in the city)Cozy, cute and chique. Best creme brulee ever! Cheese plates are yummy. One of fav neighbourhoods. Best for a romantic rendevouz along with endulging sweets.This review is strictly for dessert, since that's all i've had at this place.  but i don't see a need to eat anything else but the dessert there.  I'd rather fill up just on their sweets.  so damned good.  it's evil.  You know how most restaurants these days have like 3 standard desserts--Creme brulee, molten hot chocolate cake, bread pudding, and maybe tiramisu if it is a italian place.  there is nothing standard on the dessert menu of Hot Chocolate.  Everything i've tried so far (including their signature hot chocolate) has been creative, sophisticated, decadent, and infinitely delicious.  each item is $11.  a bit more expensive than most restaurants, but well worth it.i had a really good meal here. i felt like the dishes were a bit random and heavy, but i liked the flavor of everything. all of the portions are pretty big... an insane amount of beets come with the winter panzanella. i thought the lamb and krema kasa was a bit greasy and the short ribs with spaetzle was REALLY rich, but again, everything tasted greatwe had 'ode to the whatchamacallit' for dessert and it was completely over the top. i love a good salted caramel ice cream, so this was heaven to me.i keep hearing about how mindi segal is one of the best pastry chefs in the country, so i think i need to make a point to go back and have dessert several times.We came her AGAIN and their expansive, creative menu was mind boggling only that I couldn't figure out what I wanted. their smart waiter knew everything they had inside and out, and was able to make a recommendation spot on, going by what I was saying I was leaning towards.I went here for the desserts but it was the appetizers and entrees that impressed me. We had an amazing simple appetizer of pumpernickel bread with sharp cheddar and apple slaw that was out of this world. The fish entree was just as good. Dessert was very good, don't get me wrong.  . . but with a name like HOT Chocolate and a star pastry chef I was really expecting to be blown away by the dessert. Maybe my expectations were just a little too high.I stopped here with a friend Saturday....we were in the mood for a rich, decadent dessert, and we planned to drop some cash at Hot Chocolate.   The place was about half empty when we arrived, and we were seated immediately.  We browsed the menus.  A busboy dropped by and gave us water.  We debated the merits of the various desserts (a red-pop float?  pumpkin or pear?  chocolate #1 or #2?) and hemmed and hawed and finally made up our minds.  We sipped water and watched a waiter refill the wine glasses of the couple seated at the table next to us (and by "next to us," I mean the waiter had to apologize for reaching over me as he poured - that's how close the tables were!).  We commented on the dim mood lighting and the fact that the candles in the wall sconces weren't lit (seemed odd).  We looked over the wine list and decided neither of us really felt like a drink.  We opted for hot chocolate, despite the evening's heat - where else was I going to find mint white chocolate hot cocoa?!  We dished about the hostess (flaming orange halter top stood out like a sore thumb as compared to the brown-clad wait staff).  We sipped water and twiddled our thumbs.Does this seem a little tedious an entry to read?  Yeah, imagine living it.  We sat there for over ten minutes, watching three waiters stand at the bar and flirt with the hostess - and NO ONE even looked our way, let alone took our orders.  Needless to say, we walked out without dropping a dime.  They might have the most amazing desserts anywhere, but if they don't bother to take an order, what's the point?came here for brunch again and sat at the bar since the wait was outrageous. The bartender was rude, pushy, slow and forgot about a few things we ordered and then got irritated when we asked about something on the check. Table service was a lot better... maybe worth the wait.This place was recommended to me by a friend and I went just a few months ago while I in Chicago for a visit.  ABSOLUTELY loved it!! Mindy came out and greeted us as well as other guests which was awesome and also gave us a tour of  the menu!!  I loved the pumpkin hot chocolate, the desserts are to die for and the service ROCKED! Will def. be going back when i'm back Chi-Town!I was really impressed. The Mexican hot chocolate was spicy and delicious in its consistency. The soup and breads were fresh. All baked goods are in-house. They should expand nationally if they can keep this formula.Definitely a place to go with a bunch of people.  That way you can order a ton of things and try them all so you get a taste of all their awesome sweets!  Also- you have to order the Hot Chocolate because you can't very well go there without ordering it!Mmmmm. Went here after dinner. Perfect nightcap (if i had gone home after this, that is). I had the half and half, my friend had the black and tan. Both drinks were fantastic. Neither tasted blatantly of melted chocolate; definitely some other things going on in that cup.  Plus they give you a big chunk of marshmallow to do with what you please. After dunking mine oreo style a couple times, it started to melt so i just plopped it in. By the time we were done with the drinks, the taste of the black and tan had been affectionately described as "eskimo sex." That's a good thing.I will start by saying our service was impeccable. Our waiter was perfect, beyond perfect really. The food was not as delightful. My salad was so overly salty I could not eat it and had to send it back. My appetizer was not much better. I stopped there. My boyfriends food was ok. He got a burger. It was nothing fancy. My food was so terrible our waiter comped us a hot chocolate, which was tasty. Our dessert was also good, but nothing to write home about. The quality of the food doesn't match up with the price. Unfortunately that seems to be a theme here in Chicago.I came by here twice while in town- once for a simple hot chocolate and homemade marshmallow and then again for a full fledged dinner. Each visit offered a distinct experience. The drink visit was simple, charming and delicious (a 5 star visit if you will). There's nothing that should excuse anyone from stopping by once for a cup. It's really that good. Dinner though was more complicated 3-course affair. Upon spending more time in the restaurant I realized I wasn't quite enamored of its overall design. I liked that the section up front was reserved for those simply stopping by for a dessert and I realize that the counter needed to remain open for take out desserts but just something didn't mesh. Maybe it was the many shades of brown? Perhaps at night it's not sure whether its a casual or elegant dining destination? Anyway- the food experience is far more important, right?The highlight of my dinner was their amazing Schlenkerla-smoked, beer-poached soft pretzel and its house-made beer mustard (Schlenkerla is a wonderfully smoky German beer). It was warm and chewy on the inside with just enough crunch on the outside. The beer mustard...well I could eat a gallon of that stuff. Kudos. I also ordered the burger which I had heard was one of the best in the city alongside Kuma's (maybe the best, certainly with less novelty). It was in fact an above average burger, definitely worth trying but a little too greasy to be great. I also tasted my friends mac n' cheese which in my opinion is flat out overrated. For dessert I had an Ode to Blackout or something similarly named. It was part of a signature selection honoring Mindy Segal's deserved 3rd consecutive beard nomination. It was certainly well worth the trip- a remarkable capstone to what was a decidedly decadent night of consumption. The plate consisted of a chocolate milano, a mousse and a cake piece. The cake was good but the other two were chocolate heaven! It was an expert reminder of the tastes and textures that make chocolate such a treat. And for that I'll forgive my discomfort with my nonfood experience (at the cost of a star). P.S. They have a very good beer selection including selections from Three Floyd's and  Goose Island's Juliet.Caveat: I was only here for dessert.  It was good, but, and maybe I'm too simple about these things, but it seems like they tried a little too hard with some of the hot chocolate drinks.  I think the chocolate in some of the ones we tasted (my bad for not remembering which ones they were) was really overshadowed by some of the other flavors.  Maybe it's just me.  No matter, it was fun and, by and large, delicious.With its tight spaces, dark room, and a brimming waiting are, Hot Chocolate has all the makings of a hot spot. Even as a petite woman, it was a tight squeeze to get to my seat by the back wall, so perhaps this floorplan was a subtle effort to cherry-pick their clientele. Eat delicious desserts, but be thin!We came here not only for Mindy Segal's award-winning desserts but also for what is known to be one of Chicago's better burgers. And, because one of the conditions of a reservation is ordering dinner. The burger was flavorful but was not cooked to the right temperature--my "medium rare" burger was closer to "well done," but I was starving, and the kitchen was busy, so I didn't ask for it to be redone. I probably wouldn't order the burger again because the temperature had been so far off, but other entrees sounded delicious and less temperature sensitive. Dessert was definitely the main event. My Napoleon was fantastic: layers of crunchy almond brittle cradling a delicious dark chocolate custard and a refreshing and spicy port wine/pear sorbet. Incredible. Also noteworthy (and on everyone's table) was the hot chocolate, available in eight? twenty? different ways. It's rich and creamy, and everything you would want a melted chocolate bar to taste like.I have been to Hot Chocolate a few times and just now decided to share a review.We had brunch there today, and it was wonderful. We started with the Danish platter for the table. I envisioned a few small assorted pasteries, but all that came were four squares of a coffee cake, but it was delicious just the same! I ordered the veggie scramble, which consisted of scrambled eggs, brussel sprout leaves and cippolini  onions with pepper jack cheese. This was without a doubt one of the most delicious egg dishes I have ever had. Served with their breakfast potatoes, nothing but good stuff on that plate. My husband had the lox platter, and that was uniquely delicious as well. The cream cheese had a little cayenne added, and it is served with the usual tomato and onion, but also came with these green berries that had a citrus flavor that really added to the dish. If you haven't already, you must have brunch at Hot Chocolate. It is devine :-)On Tues., 7/17, at 5:30 I stopped at this restaurant for a light dinner and, of course, dessert. There were about 6 other people already seated in the restaurant. After I indicated to the hostess that I was a party of one she immediately took me to the bar. Before I was seated she counted the bar stools then pointed me to the stool in the middle. I wasn't asked if I wanted to sit there. The bartender took my order and that's the last time anyone said anything to me until I was asked if I wanted dessert. Not only was I uncomfortable because I stuck out from everyone else in the restaurant, but I was uncomfortable sitting on the hard bar stool. I've eaten out alone hundreds of times, but I've never been directed to sit at the bar, especially when there were several tables available. I didn't stay for dessert because the longer I sat at the bar the more uncomfortable I got. The only reason I wasn't seated at a table like every other diner was that I was dining alone. I won't be back, especially if I'm alone. To make matters worse, the Caesar salad I ordered wasn't good.I love this place. We went to see an early movie and came here afterwards. The service was perfect and the food and drinks were great. I highly recommend trying the Lamb and Krema Kasa it was to die for.All I have to say is try the grilled cheese.  I think about it all the time.  SO good.this is a review for the hot chocolate only. This is not your regular hot chocolate! With the extreme richness of it and the fantastic home made marshmellow, Mindy, you have me dreaming of it a week later back in LA!It was just awright.I have been here about a dozen times over the years and about 4 times this month. Gotta say dinner service is really starting to slide. A few nights ago I had the burger, which was ruined by the infusion of dirt from the grill and kitchen - seriously clean your grill. I mean it Mindy, grab a sponge and some lavender scented organic pumice granules and clean your grill because whatever dirty debris that attached itself to my meal was gross -  if not a just little bit unsanitary.   A friend had the rocking lamb schwarma gyro thing - and it was great. Honestly just perfectly seasoned, juicy, fragrant and a big enough to share which was great since - I wasn't going to touch mine.  I know that the owner keeps getting nominated for James Beard awards - and the nominations seem to be conditional to her serving caramel with every 2 ounce morsel of dry cake. That's right lady, dry cake. Please kill the caramel. And the salt. Your desserts don't need it and neither do your patrons. However, people you can't go wrong with the milkshakes or the  sorbets - put please remember they are served half full in shot glasses - I am assuming this helps the fresh cream or ice particles breathe. I know this sounds like a bitchy review. I am simply being stern because, I love this place and it's food. But lately it taste like a takeaway counter from Whole Foods. And I am feeling like a sucker for walking in the  door each time, hoping my next meal is better.--Can't say anything horrible about the wait staff - they are friendly, charming and very accomodating.How can a place that serves food this rich and filling have tables set so close together?? I felt like a monster whale beast trying to get up and walk between our table and the next to go to the bathroom and I'm a size 2. The quarters are close!We started with a banana shake that we shared. They split it up gorgeously. Each of our plates had a small glass of shake with some amazing cookies and peanut brittle. Every bit of it was excellent. Then my boyfriend ordered the burger and that was out of this world.  There were pickles that came with his burger that I fell in love with. When I was eating the pickle all I could think about was that the pickle must have graduated from pickle university with a masters in awesomeness. But the sad part of this story is that my lamb krema kasa sandwich was a little disturbing. it tasted good but had so much oil on it that it was actually sitting on top a huge lake of oil when served. You could not touch the sandwich without having to wipe your hands... and even wiping them still left tons of oil on my hands. I wanted to wash my hands after every bite. And my face. I felt drunk on oil after eating it. It wasn't a good thing. I did love my beets that came with it. Way less oil and I would have been very happy. Amazing desserts.Great atmosphere and style, dinner was very good too and the desserts were definitely original and delicious.We have been going to Hot Chocolate ever since it opened up, and it never fails to deliver a great meal.  It is our go-to restaurant for out-of-town guests, not only because of the location (great shopping along Damen) but more importantly for the food.  Mindy Segal is known for her desserts, but I have to say that the rest of her menu is thoughtful and creative, the execution is damn near perfection and the use of local, fresh ingredients from nearby farms is notable.  I always tell people to leave room for dessert.  I love the fact that the desserts are substantially large - I do have to admit that if I could eat dessert non-stop and stay healthy and skinny, I would do it in a heartbeat - but regardless, I hate it when I order dessert and huge plate with an itty bitty bite comes out.  This does not happen at Hot Chocolate.  I usually try the seasonal desserts because they are usually always amazing, and my hubby likes the milkshakes (vanilla and chocolate).  Brunch here is also quite amazing.  The yogurt/granola/fruit dish is filling, and you can't go wrong with the doughnuts.  And the half and half hot chocolate?  Amazing!Even if there is a wait, it is worth it.My lady and I went here for Valentine's Day and it was romantic, delicious and intimate.  Her steak was cooked to perfection and the accompanying veggies were delicious.  I fared a little less well with the pork chop--it was a little stringy. However, our waitress noticed that I didn't eat much of it and asked me if everything was ok.  When I expressed a bit of disappointment about the chop, she sent over two free drinks.  Sweet.  We had some great desserts (their caramel corn is a wet dream) and went home feeling happy, satisfied and loving.This review is long overdue...I am a dessert person.  I love dessert, especially chocolate.  Ergo, Hot Chocolate seemed like the perfect spot.  I have been here several times and I have not been disappointed.  The burger is delicious - especially with an egg on top (can't go wrong there), the Lamb and Krema Casa is a terrific option and the Mac & Cheese is worthy of its own restaurant.  But let's be honest, I came here for the dessert.  Chef Mindy Segal is an award winning pastry chef.  And her desserts, all of them, have been off the charts.  Her Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup dessert was one of the best desserts of all time.  The Chocolate Number 1 was out of this world.  I would happily go to this restaurant every day just to eat the desserts (of course, I would probably have to run from home and then run back home just to stave off the extra poundage that would come with them but still...it would be worth it).  Great friendly service goes along with the delicious food, creating an enjoyable atmosphere.  The servers are attentive without hovering (something I can't abide when I go out to eat) and know their stuff when you ask for a recommendation.For me, this is more of a winter restaurant.  The food tends toward heavy (at least what I order) and the atmosphere is cozy.  Hubby and I have tucked in here on a rainy late fall night and it has seemed perfect.  I visited here for my birthday and while the food was outstanding, the heaviness plus the rather warm temperature made it a bit more difficult to eat.  Yeah...I'll be back again Hot Chocolate.  Get ready.Note that the one-star review applies ONLY to the abysmal service by a hostess who was working on Sat. 10/27/12 (I began the review but never finished or posted, just saw it now when looking at my Yelp acct).* Sadly, I'm not able to comment on the food or (big sigh) the much-anticipated drink, because try though we might, we were never able to eat here.  A local friend and I had friends in town and planned on eating lunch here; the other Chicagoan in the group is a huge chocolate lover and was dying to bring us all here, and said it would be easier to get in for lunch.  We planned on a late lunch, but this didn't work out, because we hadn't realized they closed at 2 on Saturdays, so we decided to try again for dinner.  Unable to get a dinner rez here last-minute (no surprise), we came in with a party of 4 at 6:30 without a rez and were told the wait would be about an hour.  We weren't starving & had been prepared to wait a bit; fine, no problem, gave them my friend's mobile # and went down the street to Silver Cloud for a couple of drinks. At 7:25, we called them to ask how things were looking, and they said it would still be another 20 or 30 minutes & that they'd call when they were ready for us.  By 8 pm, we decided we ought to head back to Hot Choc to wait in person, thinking the remainder of the wait would probably be a short one and that we might be experiencing some kind of "out of sight, out of mind" effect.This is where things get ugly. We gave the hostess our name and she said, very matter-of-fact, "OK, here's what's going on," and proceeded to explain that the kitchen had been particularly slow that night, that tables hadn't been turning over as quickly as she'd thought they would, and that realistically, our wait would probably be about another 90 minutes.  (NINETY MINUTES on top of the 90 minutes we'd already waited. Somehow, 180 minutes does not equal "about 60") Until this point, we had been as patient as patient could be, but this was getting ridiculous.   My friend pointed out a 4-top being cleared a few feet away. Hostess patiently explained that they had two parties of 4 with 8 pm reservations, both present, and that she couldn't make them wait.   She stuck to this decision even after my friend explained that being seated at 9:30 would mean we'd have waited 3 HOURS after arrival despite being advised that the wait would be "about 1 hr." Needless to say, we left and found somewhere else to dine.   I think one of my out-of-town friends said something rather ugly to the host as we were walking out.  I didn't ask what.  But I was angry/embarrassed enough that I haven't been back.What was really strange was how completely unapologetic the hostess was about the whole thing.  Maybe she'd been dealing with a lot of difficult customers and was just trying to be tough, but she acted almost defiant, as though there were nothing whatsoever wrong with letting us wait for 90 minutes, only to ask us to ultimately wait THREE TIMES as long as planned.  Of course I understand that without a reservation, these are just estimates, and that all else equal, a reservation gets priority over a walk-in.  But to be completely flip about expanding the estimate by 300% and give us attitude in the bargain seemed unprofessional to the point of bizarre.  (It almost felt as though she had one of us mixed up with someone else.....her evil stepmother, maybe, or the woman for whom she'd been left at the altar?  I'd like to think we're too young for the former, too young for the latter.  Maybe an old boss?)BOTTOM LINE:   This place is probably great, which is probably why they can treat customers this way.   But I would obviously advise anyone against going in without a reservation, unless you're happy to eat many hours later.*NOTE RE DELAY IN POSTING: I'm experiencing some major Yelpers' guilt because if I'd posted when I should have, this would've had better odds of saving other yelpers from learning our lesson the hard way.  I'd like to think that in the meantime, perhaps the management has managed to improve their policies and/or training about what estimates are given to walk-ins.  As popular as this place seemed to be, I'd have fully expected this to be a spot where the staff understands that you should always err on the long side when estimating and leave customers pleasantly surprised.  (And maybe even to recognize that if your estimate fails this miserably, the thing to do would be to apologize, offer a free round of drinks, maybe even consider asking a table with a reservation to wait just a few minutes?)I came here on a food tour and have tried only one thing (the hot chocolate served over ice with home-made marshmallow).  It was seriously the best drink I have ever had in my life.  I'm not sure how they make it so good (my friend and I think it's crack), but if the rest of the menu is as delicious the hot chocolate I don't think my taste-buds can handle the awesomeness.I reserve 5 star ratings for only the best, and Hot Chocolate certainly fits the bill. Every bite was sublime:-Our table split the mac and cheese for an appetizer - the top was pleasantly crisp, and the sauce was almost impossibly creamy. Very comforting-The hamburger is definitely the best I have ever had. It didn't need much in the way of fussy toppings: just well-crisped bacon, delightfully tangy cheddar, a soft but not enormous bun, spicy mustard, and an appropriately runny fried egg to top a perfectly medium rare, juicy patty. Sure, it took awhile to cozy up to the idea of ordering a burger for $15, but this beat the hell out of Kuma's-The desserts are obviously among the best available anywhere. We split two between the four of us: the Chocolate #1(souflee cake with 64% dark chocolate and salted caramel ice cream, which is every bit as good as it sounds), and the simply named "apple" (a pleasantly apple-y layer cake with tart apple cannoli). My friend sprung for a Mexican Hot chocolate, which was assertively spiced and served wtih a real homemade marshmallow.Overall, this was a very decadent experience, but one which I will definitely spring for again when my diet and wallet can afford it.My second time in Chicago ever, I met up with one of my good college friends and she suggested Hot Chocolate as one of the places to go.  As soon as I saw the words Hot Chocolate, I didn't even have to look any further  - I was sold.  We arrived there close to 8pm or so and the place was packed but the dining area was relatively small.  The place was split between an area for dining and an area for just dessert.  Since we didn't want to wait the 45 mins to get a table, we decided to sit in the dessert area for our dinner as well. The dessert area had cushioned benches to sit on and little small round tables scattered around.  There were three of us so we shared a small table until another one was opened and grabbed that too.  I ordered the butternut squash soup which was so smooth and buttery - packed with lots of flavors.  We also ordered mussels as appetizers and that was absolutely delish!  The mussels were so moist, steamed in the PBR cream broth infused with flavors from bacon, shallots and chillies.  We seriously could have drank the whole broth - it was that good.Next up, my main entree was the Grilled Kobe flank steak on roasted pumpkin puree with seasoned bite-size potatoes.  I typically order my steak in medium and the steak came out just right - grilled to perfection with a little redness and meat still tender.  My friend ordered the pork belly salad which was among the faves from yelpers, which she didn't have any complaints from.After our meals, we only had room for one dessert and of course, it had to be the famous hot chocolate with homemade marshmallows - yes, homemade! I ordered the medium which had a touch of dark chocolate with a hint of caramel.  All I tasted was deliciousness - the hot chocolate was definitely rich in flavor with the first taste but not overly powerful which was good.  However, the taste did build up so if you really have a sweet tooth, this is the drink for you.  We took it to go but I could not finish the whole thing. If you are in the area and have not gone here, please do.  Mindy's Hot Chocolate restaurant didn't get nominated for the 2007-2010 James Beard Award for Outstanding Pastry Chef for nothing.  This place is a must-go on anyone's list for sure. I'd love to come back here again and try the rest of the dessert menu any day! There was a Warm Brioche Doughnuts that I kept seeing everyone ordered that I have my eye on for next time. ;)I came here for the dessert only, so my review only applies to the bar service I guess.Wow, what a disappointing experience.  My boyfriend recommended me this place while we're in the neighborhood, so I stopped by here with him and my friend.  We were able to get seats at the bar after a 30-minute wait, but that's understandable since it is a Saturday night.  It seemed like a pretty hip spot, more like a girls night out kind of place with loud music booming and modern decor.  More clubbish than a restaurant I would say.  After we were seated, I ordered the Chai Hot Chocolate and my friend ordered the Dark Chocolate.  When my hot chocolate came, it was HARDLY WARM!  My friend's hot chocolate was warmer than mine, so it seemed the staff were just lazy with making mine.  The taste wasn't good either, it just doesn't have the rich flavor and smell that you'd expect from hot chocolate.  I don't think it's even comparable to Swiss Miss.  I took a bite of the marshmallow and nearly gagged, it was wayyy too sweet!!  It's homemade too, so I can't understand why they would make it so sweet.  My friend thought I was exaggerating, but when she tasted the marshmallows she immediately made a face and agreed that it is way too sweet.  She also said that her hot chocolate was just ok too, nothing great since it lacks in taste and smell.  So my friend called the waitress down and told her that my hot chocolate isn't warm enough, but guess what that waitress did??  She gave me that wide-eyed bitchy look and said to me, "DO YOU WANT ANOTHER HOT CHOCOLATE?"as if I'm just using this as an excuse to get another hot chocolate.  I hardly even touched my hot chocolate, it was almost full to the brim!  So I looked her in the face and said loudly and clearly, "MY CHOCOLATE ISN'T WARM ENOUGH", the same way that she talked to me as if she's talking to an idiot.  Well, two can play that game.  Then the bartender took my cup away and was nice enough to make me a new one, this time hot enough.  However, the taste still didn't improve much even though it is hotter this time.  When the check came, my friend had to put down cash for her share and I put down my credit card.  When the bartender came, I told him to that there's seven dollars cash in there already so put the rest of the sum on my credit.  He rolled his eyes and had this annoyed and pissed off expression on his face when he took my credit card.  Talk about attitudes!  Dude if you have a bad attitude, then please don't work in the service industry, cause you're not gon get tipped.  We left feeling quite disappointed, because this place is just totally overrated and some of the servers are just downright rude.Long story short. The desserts are great. Really great. The food? Frankly just plain bad. Kind of quantity over quality dishes. The short rib dish for example was massive. Big enough to feed two maybe three. But tough short rib is not cool. I'll take a smaller but correctly braised short rib.We've been wanting to try Hot Chocolate for some time, and although it can be hard to get a reservation, it was well worth the wait.The food and service exceeded expectations, and I was eager halfway through my first visit to come back again, given there were so many tasty items on the menu I'm looking forward to trying.Our waiter was fabulous, and I love restaurants like HC that take your order and space the courses out appropriately, so you don't have five things piled on the table at once. This allowed us ample time to enjoy our wine and food, and our waiter was very attentive without being over-the-top.All in all, a fabulous experience, and we'll be back again...and again!the hot chocolate in all it's forms is, of course, awesomebrunch is very good, especially pastriesThe Count would love this place.I've been there twice. First time, it was me and the girls for dessert. We got some of the hot chocolate drinks and coffee to wash down "thoughts on a peanut butter whatever" and chocolate #1. I felt funny by the end of the meal and promptly upchucked it all. Most people woulda crossed a place off their lists forever after such an experience but maybe it was just bad chemistry. Second time, DH and I went for brunch and sat at the bar. Orange juice (!!) and the brioche turnover made up for the lackluster donuts,  salad, coffee, and chai tea. The raspberry preserves that came with the donuts was phenom. I was literally eating it by fork. The chai tea was embarrassing really: watery and overspiced. I'm Indian, I know chai.  Service both times was fine but I was expecting GOOD food, not just "meh." I won't be back. Just saying.As much as I'd like to keep this place a secret... I can't help it! The macaroni and cheese is potentially the best thing I've ever eaten! The menu is pretty small but broad. Good wine selection. And one more time, GET THE MACARONI AND CHEESE!!! I can't say enough about it. The desserts and inventive, but small. If you get "raspberry" for instance, you get three little desserts. I believe we got a tiny sorbet float, a tart, and something else. All were delicious. But really, nothing beats that macaroni and cheese!And oh yeah, the hot chocolate and home made marshmellows aren't bad either...Amazing food! Everything is excellent! Plus my favorite server Doug and bartender Luke are not only great at their jobs but super cute and very sweet :)I went to this restaurant with my cousin on a Thursday night.  I had a Restaurant.com coupon to redeem and a friend of mine had recommended the restaurant to me as well. So I definitely came with some high expectations.  The food was great.  We started with a great bottle of wine and the homemade beer soaked pretzels with a cheese dipping sauce.  Pretzel had great flavor but was a little hard for my personal taste. Then we had a split order of the Mac n' Cheese, which was amazing.  It was VERY rich, very cheesy and just unbelievably creamy and wonderful. For our main course, I had the grilled cheese (yes at this point you should be able to see that I have a love for cheese).  It was rested on pumpernickel bread and had a granny smith apple side salad and freshly made chips.  Yum.  My cousin got the burger, which was also delicious. For dessert, we split  the chocolate lava cake with salted caramel ice cream.  Probably the high point of the whole meal for me.  I have overall a few complaints with the meal, which is why this is only 3 stars for me.  First, the tables were squished so closely together that I felt like I was eating with a bunch of strangers.  I would not recommend this as a place to go if you want an intimate meal or are having any sort of private conversation.  Second, you have to place your entire order at once.  I'm personally more of a let me order this and see if i'm still hungry kind of gal.  Since you never know the portion size at some of these more upscale places, it can sound like not very much and I'm one to like to try many different things.  We split an appetizer, the mac n' cheese and the dessert, didn't finish our main course and basically rolled out of there. I'd say you should definitely bring more people and split as many things as you can so you can try more but not feel overstuffed when you leave.  I just kind of felt like I wouldn't have ordered the entrée if I had known the portion sizes of splitting upfront. Last, and my largest complaint, was that the restaurant was so bloody hot inside that I felt like I was in the oven with the pretzel.  It was a 93 degree day so I can imagine that a restaurant with so many hot ovens would be harder to keep ice cold, but at the same time, I shouldn't be sweating during my meal.  I literally left sweating.  It was cooler outside in the 93 degree heat. I personally like to enjoy my meal while I am cooler than the food. Besides these few complaints though, the food was great and definitely if nothing else, go for the dessert.wow wow wow. Delicious food every time!  really cool new place and Mindy is actually there almost every night to make sure it runs right!  She is one of the few head chef'/owner that actually will stop at a table and ask how things went.  Highly recommend!If you love chocolate, you HAVE to try this place. The hot chocolate is to die for and the food is fantastic! I've a dinner salad here, their hamburger, and macaroni and cheese and it's all wonderful! Go here eat the food and get the hot chocolate!This was the hardest to rate of all the places I've rated...The food was really delicious- even though I was stuffed I still wanted more.  But the service was the worst- possibly ever.  Our food was delivered over an hour and a half (no exaggeration) after we ordered our brunch.  Not because they were crowded, because literally all of the people who were seated after us got their food and paid before we saw our brunch.  We almost walked out a few times, but we were sure that it had to be coming any second...I don't know what happened b/c our server never explained or apologized.  He also was never there long enough for us to ask what was going on.  And he seemed to make sure he stayed far away from our table all of the times we tried to flag him down.Everything sounded good...the people next to us recommended we order what they were having- which looked amazing- so one of my friends and I did just that.  2 of us had the ham and egg sandwich (with pesto and cheese on crusty bread- comes w/potatoes and fruit too- so good!) and the other opted for a healthy granola dish which she loved.  The french press coffee was great too.  So, I will go back because the food was really that good- but I will be damned sure not to get the world's worst waiter again!Update:  Went back, service was better, food was worse.The ambiance here is pretty killer, but it's a little too dark in there for my taste. My hot chocolate was more lukewarm but it was quite tasty. My friends ordered different ones and they said theirs was too strong they couldn't even finish it. I do like the interior...but if you're not willing to spend 6-8 bucks on hot chocolate, you should probably go elsewhere. The food menu looked decent but we mainly just came for the hot chocolate.I love this place. Try the fresh doughnuts and pineapple/passion fruit smoothies.I think this place is supposed to be known for its hot chocolate but I've only had their coffee and it is OUTSTANDING!!! I had breakfast here though and the food was quite good.  Not your typical breakfast/lunch place.  Lots of things on the menu. I will definitely be back!Out of this world pastries.  The warm chocolate tart was heaven.  Ditto for the banana brioche bread pudding.This place is absolutely DELICIOUS! I have only been for breakfast and my mom and I sat at the bar and the food/service was awesome. I had the ricotta and eggs and it is to die for!  I am still thinking about that sandwich! They serve their coffee in individual french presses, which I happened to love! I thought it was cute and the coffee was excellent.  The only downfall is the wait on the weekends, it came get pretty lengthy! I will definitely be going back and would love to try the dinner.After three tries, I finally made it into Hot Chocolate!  The first time, they were closed.  The second, the wait was too long.  People weren't kidding when they said to make reservations.  I just wanted to come here for dessert, though.  Their hot chocolate is really delicious, though I'm still not too keen on the $6 price tag (I think it's $7 if you get it to go at the bar).  I got the Medium, which was ultra thick - almost like drinking a melted chocolate bar - but delicious.  It was too sweet for my friends, though.  I also tried the Light Hot Chocolate, which was even sweeter.  I definitely recommend the Medium over the Light any day.  For dessert, we shared a Bananas & Butterscotch Brioche Bread Pudding.  It was really good but not to "die for" as the table next to us exclaimed.  The second dessert was called Coeur a la Creme Revisited w/ a Mini Rhubarb & Ginger float.  The float was in a shot glass - cute.  The Coeur a la Creme was basically carrot cake with strawberry ice cream - good but not great.  They also started selling their powdered hot chocolate to take home.  I couldn't resist.  It was $20 for a container that is supposed to make 8 cups, I think, and you add milk and cream to the mix.  I made it at home, and though it was not quite as good as the one I had in the restaurant (isn't that always the case?), it was still better than any homemade hot chocolate I've had by far.  Unfortunately, I left it in the car one day, and the rest of the powder (chocolate) melted!  I didn't realize just how much of the mix was actual chocolate bc I'm so used to the powdered crap they sell in markets.   It's now one massive lump and I haven't made it since, so I don't know whether or not it's ruined.  :(  I hope not, considering I only made it once so far!  If you buy a can to take home with you, make sure to keep it somewhere cool!Had dinner here with some visiting friends.  We started with the pretzels (I'm still thinking about that Taleggio fondue).  My friends both had the fettuccine with scallops and butternut squash, they basically licked the plate.  I had the pork loin, which was really tasty and came with some yummy grits and pickled plums.  Of COURSE we had dessert - this special mint chocolate cookie thing, with semifreddo.  Wow.  SOOOO good.  Friendly service, and they sat us right away (we had a res).  Will definitely return.had a delightful birthday weekend brunch here, and HC lived up to hype!  funky cool atmosphere but not pretentious like i had feared.our drinks (french press coffee and half&half) came out quickly and really hit the spot.  our waitress was helpful but not hovering, a perfect blend.  the bf can't resist french onion soup, even at breakfast, and it did not disappoint.  warm, delicious, gooey, yes.  kinda like the homemade marshmallows actually.i had the french toast and it was delish.  wayyy too much food, but a great amount of flavor.  he had the quiche and really enjoyed it as well.would love to come back for dinner and drinks and see another side of hot chocolate!Decadent - that's the word I would use to describe Hot Chocolate. I've been to Hot Chocolate a few times for brunch, and every time I've gone, there has been something that has taken my breath away. The food is very luxurious and decadent, full of all of the flavor you can physically take at one time. If you are having a bad day, go there and you will forget about it just for a little while. The last time I went, the white chocolate butterscotch hot chocolate was "slap your momma" good.  They really weren't playing around. Rich, creamy, sweet, and delicious. Not to mention that they give you a homemade marshmallow. The savory dishes are prepared very well - I usually get an omelette, or a scramble of some sort. This is the type of place you could take someone from out of town, and they would be impressed. The prices are on the expensive side, but after you eat the food, you don't mind paying a little extra - you can tell that they use quality ingredients. In my opinion, Hot Chocolate is one of the best brunch places in Chicago.One thing I did notice is that they have an abundance of tables for parties of 2 - it's easy to get in and get a table if you are in a party of 2. Add any more people, and you will be looking at a longer wait. I haven't tried them for dinner, but it's on my list - I keep hearing that they have a good burger. Don't miss out!I went there celebrate my wife's birthday on Saturday. We arrived at 7:00 p.m. and the wait was very short. They even seated us when our party was not complete, the other two were parking. We started with the mac and cheese and the pretzels for apps. The mac and cheese was ok, very good but not out of this world. The pretzels with the cheese fondue and the mustard were great. I had the steak which was excellent, I never had mashed potatoes with goat cheese and these were great. Everyone in our party seemed to enjoy the food. Now for the main event. CHOCOLATE. Yup if you come here you need to have the chocolate, we went with the mexican hot chocolate but someone else in our party had the regular hot chocolate. I have to admit theirs was much better. The desserts we had were great, the brioche donuts with the chocolate dipping sauce were awesome. My wife said it was too much chocolate but I disagree. I wouldnt eat this much chocolate all the time but it was quite the indulgement.Got the Black and Tan and it was super yummy the first half of the cup, then I was having chocolate overload, yes it's possible! We also had the donuts with chocolate sauce, that was so good!Had the Medium on ice...DELISH!!!It was great.  That is all I can say.  Great hot chocolate, great desserts, great atmosphere (can be loud but we didn't go there for a romantic evening) and great location.  What more can you ask for?This place is absolutely amazing. My hubby and I shared the Black and Tan hot chocolate which is 1/3 hot fudge and 2/3 medium hot chocolate.It was the best hot chocolate I've ever had (and we've had hot chocolate all over the world). Although we originally planned only to have the hot chocolate, it was so good, we continued with brunch. I had the smoked fish platter which came with a homemade sesame bagel, homemade cream cheese and the freshest vegetables. It was incredible and very filling with the sweet noodle side dish. My husband had the warm doughnuts which was perfectly fried and great for dipping. Would DEFINITELY come back here.Holy crap. The hot chocolate was so rich that it tasted more chocolate-y than pure chocolate. The complimentary marshmallow must have been sprinkled with crack. Why else would I buy a bag of expensive, housemade marshmallows when I don't even normally like marshmallows? Needless to say, they're good and go perfectly with the hot chocolate drink.My friend and I stopped by here for some delicious hot chocolate. Since they were technically closed for dinner, but their lounge area was open, we grabbed a quick snack to eat here. The hot chocolate was quite expensive at $7 a cup. I tried the half and half (espresso and chocolate). It was good, but not sure it was $7 good. It came with their own home-made marshmallows.. yummy. The pastries were a bit disappointing. I wasn't too impressed by the selection, and maybe I just wasn't feeling hungry, but I tried the peppermint cookie sandwich and it was just too bready for me. Service was good and I'd love to try the actual food here, but that will have to wait for the next time I'm in Chicago!I've heard nothing but great things of this place and couldn't wait to try it and then once I did I was like really, all that hype and my taste buds didn't get to have a party in my mouth.  Brunch - my favorite meal - can't be that hard to please me.  Well, I wasn't wowed - had the Mexican hot chocolate - felt obligated to try a hot chocolate given it's their specialty.  It was thick, creamy and heavy, but good.  It's a sweet overload due to the large size of the mug.  I wish they offered a flight of hot chocolates instead so I could try all of them but in smaller portions.  For the meal, I ordered Mindy's breakfast sandwich including egg whites, ricotta, and roasted peppers served with fresh fruit.  The sandwich was lacking flavor and was kind of blah.  My friend ordered the gravalax plate - house cured salmon, whipped cream, sliced cucumbers, red onions, egg, and tomatoes.  The salmon had great flavor, but it was served with 2 tiny pieces of pumpernickel bread that wasn't nearly enough for amount of fish on the platter.  I actually added a piece of the salmon on my egg sandwich for a little more seasoning and taste.  The service was not good either - we must have had that table in between 2 servers as the couple who sat after us to our immediate right had their server over immediately while ours finally made it around about 10 minutes after being seated.  It's a bit of a mad house in here, so I recommend a reservation.  I would like to try their desserts, so I may be back.Best macaroni and cheese. You can order as an appetizer to share or a one person meal. Everything else is delicious and unique.The restaurant was recently remodeled to add more seating and it was packed on a hot Sunday evening. We ate at the bar as we didn't have a reservation which was fine for us. Service just seems to be faster at the bar, judging  by nearby tables.Enjoyed an excellent dinner. I would highly recommend the crab cake sandwich, almost all crab with very little filler. Husband had the whole grilled fish, a black sea bass, which had an excellent flavor and moist, tasty flesh. Hot chocolate has a small but interesting beer menu.Of course, you can't come here and not order dessert. It was as excellent as ever. Pricey, but you are paying for Mindy's expertise. I opted for the icecream, choice of 3 flavors for $12. It looked like a small dish but was so rich and intensely flavored I had trouble finishing it. All  3 flavors - salted caramel, pistachio and pecan praline were great. we also sampled the brioche donuts with hot fudge! And daughters had the butterscotch pudding and skillet chocolate souffle.I came here with a group of friends for Sunday Brunch. We were seated very quickly, however, it took about 15 minutes before we were given drinks. Our group each had a different kind of hot chocolate. All were very good. That being said, I ordered a french press coffee. It was good but would have been better if the waiter would have told me that it was not pressed yet. Anyway, I can move past that. We ordered our meals and after about a half an hour, they had not come out yet. Sunday brunch-it was expected. What irked my group though was that the hostess let us know that they had reserved our table for another group so we need to eat quickly. The problem was that we hadnt even received our food yet! The food was good but if you cant rush your customers if the service is what is causing the delay. Like I said, the food was good an all. In Chicago though, where a great restaurant is on every corner, customer service is key.What a great place to get together with a bunch of friends. One complaint. My friend had reservations, and when we got there, not tables. They sat us up front however, where they have bench seats and small cocktail tables. Over an hour later , we were all settled in and passed at the available table. An hour with reservations? Wow. Not cool. The hostess and servers was super cool, so couldnt be too much of a b. Had about eight or so micro brews available priced at approx $6, which was awesome. Tried a few that I really liked. They do have regular menu items but I thought it was kind of pricey for spiced up bar food. $12 for a pretzel? $25 for a burger? WTF? Check yourselves. The ambience was funky and fun, but that at those prices.Brunch is really as good as they say! Donuts, pastries basket, veggie omelette, smoked fish platter - it takes a while to get a table but was worth it. We far enjoyed lunch over just desserts, which were good but didn't knock it out of the park like brunch did.Went on a Sunday evening and it looked like a full house. I asked how long for a table for two? No wait. SWEET!!! The food was yummy, the dessert was excellent and the service was great. The only thing I had a problem with was that there isn't enough space between tables. We were so close to the people next to us we could hear entire conversations without even trying. LOL. Definitely returning but probably not staying.I went here for lunch last week on a cold snowy day with my family. Definitely a great winter spot to get some comfort food! My mom got the grilled cheese and tomato soup which I highly  recommend. I got the lamb sandwich which I did not expect to be so greasy. I could only finish half and it was honestly too greasy to take home. However, we did take it and give it to a homeless man on the street! My dad got the shrimp louie salad which was fresh and I would also recommend! The medium hot chocolate was amazing! You cannot leave without getting a cup of cocoa! The table next to us had the cheddar biscuits which also looked delicious! I would definitely just go back for dessert one night on a cold day but they do charge a $15 minimum per person it says if you just order hot chocolate. However, it's a great atmosphere to go and catch up with friends over a nice cup of hot chocolate.Took my mom and her friend who were visiting to dinner on a Thursday night. Small table, but good service and good food - pate appetizer and mussels for my entree (took the leftovers home and turned it into an extra two meals). Too full for dessert, so I will definitely be back!I have visited Hot Chocolate three times in the past few years, and my experience on Sunday (i.e. Mother's Day) was decent but did not WOW neither me or dear (ole) Mom. But, I should mention, the last two times we've had brunch @ HC were phenom! Our service on Sunday was pretty bad. The server wandered over to out table and just stood there looking at us, but did not tell us her name or anything. Just a small "hi." It was pretty strange. As a former server/cocktail waitress, I finally broke the silence by asking what the specials were, what we wanted to drink and so on. She was a very peculiar girl who rarely stopped by to check in, finalize the bill, clear the table, etc. I left her a 15% tip, and I usually tip between 20-25. So that should speak for itself.The food was just "eh." In the past, I've had delicious pancakes, scrambles and the brioche donuts. On Sunday, Mom and I were so hungry after the Y-ME Breast Cancer Walk/Run that we both needed a little sweet and savory breakfast meal. We opted to split two entrees which were the orange blossom French toast and the duck confit hash served with fingerling potatoes. First of all, the French toast came out looking like burnt toast topped with some orange zest and whipped ricotta. When I imagined French Toast Mindy's way, I hoped and dreamed for thick cut challah mixed with the right flavor pairings of cinnamon, orange zest, vanilla and egg custard to create a scrumptious almost bread pudding-type french toast. However, what we got was a far cry from that. All the syrup in the world could not make this FT any softer. The duck hash was delicious and had quite a zing to it with a little help from some cayenne pepper. We were at least satisfied with that part of the meal.We also ordered hot chocolate but asked if they could do half espresso and the other half our desired hot chocolate flavors, which they did perfectly. I had the Medium which was a rich, caramel-y drink and Mom had the Mexican hot chocolate pairing with espresso. Delish!At the end of our visit, Mom received a little care package of vanilla and chocolate shortbreads to take home with her. It was a thoughtful touch for Mother's Day.I came here for the first time, and it was okay. I think I may have to go back and try the desserts or dinner from what other reviews are saying. The blueberry mimosa was delicious, definitely unique in flavor and very good. The warm doughnuts, which I normally don't eat, were split between my friend and I and those were actually delicious. I was actually feeling full after having 3 of the little doughnuts. But she had order the fresh scramble which has kale in it; and I ordered the pancake w/ a side of bacon. The bacon was good, pancake was so so rich. I had 3 bites and that was it.I've wanted to go here for a REALLY long time. We actually were on our way to Violet Hour and passed Hot Chocolate and decided to come here first. My sister and I split a burger and the mac and cheese. I was not CRAZY about the burger, the mac and cheese was pretty amazing. I guess I just don't like my burgers fancy. The dessert was pretty great but it was SO small. I don't know. I'd definitely come back here again (and really want to - some of their salads sounded amazing) but for my first experience I wasn't wowed. I also didn't have any drinks here, and I need to come back to rectify that situation.I wanted to go to this restaurant solely because the pastry chef was nominated for a james beard award, and that is huge. I never would have guessed that i would like my entree way more than the dessert.  My sister and i both had the Braised rabbit with fresh peas carrots potato gnocchi, and a dollop of frsh ricotta, and this amazing gravy.  it was so good, i feel really guilty eating rabbit  but it was so tender, and the gnocchi was perfect, so soft, and delicious.  now for the desserts i looked at the pics online and i am a huge sucker for pretzels so when i saw the chocolate tart with salted caramel ice cream and pretzel, i was in heaven.  however the tart wasnt that great, the ice cream was amazing, and the pretzel was so thin and small and quite unattractive.  Other than the dessert, this place is amazing at night, and really quite a nice dinning experience.preface:my review is solely based on my sweet and desserts experience.hot chocolate is the the hot hipster revival from the chicago storm.i have guilt going here, let me be truthful.  pastry chef mindy segalcreates brioche donuts and hot chocolate that are a thing of comfort when you aren't mauled by a long line and unnecessary too cool posturing. the ambiance is spacious and earth-toned, difficult for large partiesbut a good place where you can lounge for smaller parties. the serviceis attentive, but the host is usually cold and inefficient.  expect bucktownand wicker park prices.I am so salty about our Hot Chocolate "experience."  After reading all these wonderful Yelp reviews we set out to enjoy some drinks and desserts here on Saturday afternoon.  We walked in and spotted some of the most incredible looking tiny chocolate cupcakes.  I was super excited!  There were only about 12 people in the place and we were turned away because they were having a "private party."  That was super anticlimactic and completely bogus.Just desserts, not bloody likely! We went there after dining at Coast Sushi and had their peanut butter/chocolate cup and orange creme brulee. Very delicious and we'll be back to try the others! The drinks were wonderful, too! It was quite loud, but that's to be expected and we sat on the front couches to have our dessert. Price-wise, it was a bit much, but that's what you get in the city. We may stop by for dinner another time.I guess I am just a follower, but this place really lives up to the hype. I need to go there before dinner; I can never finish my dessert.Came here on a Saturday night around 11 pm and it was PACKED. I mean there were a lot of people out celebrating St. Paddys Day. It cleared out pretty quickly though and we did not wait longer than 20 or so minutes. We had the cheese plate which was kind of disappointing, but not terribly bad. The cheese was good, the bread wasn't warm like advertised, the fresh-baked crackers could have been...better, they looked more like oatmeal cookies. The hot chocolate was okay. My friends had the chai chocolate, mexican chocolate (which was extremely dark), and the medium (even that wasn't as sweet as I would have expected). I had the vanilla bean butterscotch and it was way too sweet. I couldn't taste any vanilla, just sweet sweet butterscotch. It was good for the first few sips but then it was too much. If only they had something in between the sweet sweet vanillabean butterscotch and the really dark and bitter..others. BUT we had the mac and cheese and it was REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY good. The cookies weren't anything spectacular either. It was a nice experience, would have expected higher quality food and a more milk chocolate version of hot chocolate to please those of us who are not huge fans of dark chocolate. The ambience is awesome but it was a bit TOO dark where we were sitting near the hostess stand, the little candle on the table was the only light we had, we could hardly see our food. And then with the door opening, the flame went out..so we basically we had no light in the immediate vicinity. Also, the busboy brought out what looked like a votive candle-holder instead of a glass for water for one person in my party, weird. However, I will probably be back, if not for the hot chocolate, definitely for the mac and cheese.Ohhh my was I delighted! I took my niece here after I picked her up from the train station. I has a pureed asparagus soup which she gave me a sample of before I ordered a bowl! a plus! We split a burger and the wedge salad. The burger was perfect.. came with homemade chips to boot! We skipped the fried egg to be sure we had room for dessert. The wedge had a tasty dressing and garnish of bacon. For dessert we had the one banana two banana. Chocolate, bananas, pastry..mmm. We also had the Halvah with dark chocolate ice cream and whatever else it had.. I don't remember but it was yummy. However It was the last day or week for that menu so sorry you can't have it. I can not wait to go back and try more of the items. They also use seasonal items and try to get their items from local farms.Went to experience my fave meal of the day here - brunch - and I was not disappointed. Ordered the Veggie Egg Scramble, which came with potatoes and toast. Never had scrambled eggs with broccoli and cauliflower...AMAZING!  They were cooked to perfection and the veggies were neither soggy nor too raw. And let's not forget the prize menu item - the hot chocolate. Hands down best hot chocolate I have ever tasted. They also make their marshmallows in-house - huge, gooey things that melted in the chocolate. Service was outstanding and though it was a wait to be seated, it was well worth it.I had a really great breakfast here a while back. French toast was it? Yes, it was. And it was great. Also, their preparation of donuts is wonderful, also worth a try.An uninspired dessert menu living in the past when a play on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and the combination of sweet and salty (the chocolate "souffled" tart with salted caramel ice cream) were considered novel and exciting. Everything was mediocre at best, perhaps even less so. The sugar pie that was ordered might have been the table's favorite, but the lard laden crust overpowered the flavor of the filling. I also expect better looking quenelles of ice cream at a dessert focused restaurant.This review is only for the dessert, but the menu did look pretty appetizing.  We shared some kind of burnt honey ice cream and cake concoction and it was delicious! My husband also loved the bacon and chocolate chip cookie.  I really wanted to try the salted caramel ice cream, but you had to order 3 scoops for 12 bucks.  I asked our server if I could just order one scoop and he told me I could not in such a serious way I thought he was surely being sarcastic.  I was wrong!The food here is okay, but the hot chocolate is to die for. Go to this restraunt to hang out with friends, you'll enjoy the trip. And don't miss out on the Black and Tan -- its super choclatey and super delicious!One of my new favorite places in Wicker Park.  Hot chocolate, yummy and amidst a trendy area.  I am looking out my window to the cold, dark rainy day and dreaming of it.Hot chocolate is not THAT hot. Last Sunday after a 3 mile walk from the gold coast to Bucktown I went to brunch at this lovely spot. I was so excited because I walked an hour and a half to have breakfast. All I wanted was some amazing food to make up for all the calories I had burned. I had been to hot chocolate a while back on a hot date, but didn't dine, just drinks, which was wise. ahhhh.Back to present...Our server was very serious and the place was packed, usually a good sign. We ordered some coffee drinks which cost $6!!! I like luxury, but $6 for coffee with hot chocolate!!! Wow, that's a lot of money for something so simple. Then we got our food. It was good but not not great... The biscuit was not soft, but hard and broken. Not great presentation. Ended spending about $25 each for one coffee and one entree that wasn't mind blowing. Next time I will go elsewhere for brunch thank you very much.I've had some of my worst dining experiences at Hot Chocolate. I once came here for brunch with some friends visiting from NYC, and we were all appalled by how terrible the brunch was. One friend ordered a salad with fresh vegetables or something, and for $10 she got some limp greens thrown down with a few grape tomatoes and maybe 1 other veggie. The brunch dishes we ordered were all bland, overly simplified and not at all tasty. It was so memorably bad that it has achieved inside joke status with my friends. The desserts aren't even that great! Totally over-hyped.you know, based on yelp reviews , i was a bit hesitant to come here, but i also really love all things chocolate, so i couldn't resist the temptation to stop in for brunch.hostess was as nice as can be. we got a table for 3 right away, even though we were waiting on the 3rd person. the 1/2 & 1/2 (espresso & dark hot chocolate), was a delicious indulgence. worth it for the marshmellow alone. my brioche french toast w lemon curd was beautiful (though a bit overdone). they even accomodated my friend's funny request for her tomatoes in her scrambler to be on the side, without any hesitation.it definitely will be in the category of "special event celebration" spots.Fantastic desserts. I've only been here for dessert after eating at Coast or Bluebird. We always get the chocolate#1 and some sort of seasonal fruit dessert. They are always awesome. And a great dessert wine selection(albeit a bit pricey). Last night I had the Brooklyn chocolate stout which was the perfect pairing with my meal.All I have to say is Chocolate #1.Oh god, why did I discover this place only days before I moved away from Chicago?  Decadent, delectable, rich, only describes the entree portion of the menu.  One of the best burgers, topped with a fried egg.  The house specialty chocolate desserts were truly off da hook, and had me craving more chocolate malt balls in the morning.  Everything was so filling, so fatty, and so perfect.Still fantastic.  I've been there just for dinner, and just for dessert, both are great.  Definitely try on Tuesday for half-price bottles of wine.  Whee!the service was phenomenal.  the atmosphere was awesome.  good decor.  we had a welcome party for a new family member.  i went for the $15 burger myself.  it looked spectacular.   meat grilled to nice and brown.  cheese ozzing out.  bacon nice and crisp.  egg.  perfect right? it was overly salty.  maybe it was a kitchen error? i wanted to love it.  but can you LOVE a $15 salty bacon cheese burger.   i didnt pay the tab, but still... NO. the chicken was really good.  rabbit stew was interesting but not alot of flavor.  the octopus app was REALLY good though. they have SUPER GOOD desserts though.  we have the icecream pretzel cake deal.  i shoulda got a cup of coffee too... they french press each order.best for brunch and dessert (after dinner elsewhere) at the bar.brunch:  totally decadent and pricey but portions are huge (with the exception of the aged cheddar melt which is tiny).  french press uncommon grounds coffee and the bloody mary are a must.  as are the fresh and cinnamon-y churro-like donuts to start (with razzledazzleberry jam).  my main favorites are the BLT with an egg added, and the salad #1 (bagel + olive oil poached tuna + egg salad + cucumber + tomato + avocado).  but you also can't go wrong with BIG PANCAKES.  any side of eggs will be HUGE, as is the scramble. quiche varies daily but is guaranteed to be rich and gout-inducing, but you feel better with the addition of the side salad.dessert: gotta love the malts, thick and dreamy served in a thin tall tumbler.  and the donuts, again, but at night i think they are served with chocolate.  tho, i don't think you could go wrong with anything sweet here.  mindy siegal knows how to make a dessert delicious and decadent without being too sweet.4.5 stars for Hot Chocolate for a wonderful, romantic Valentine's Day dinner.  My bf brought me here per my request, and we had a feast indeed.  Our waiter was really cool, just attentive enough, and made us feel welcome and relaxed.  We started with the pretzel served w/melted cheese and mustard...the cheese was beyond amazing, the pretzel served piping hot, so soft and salty and fabulous!  We ordered a bottle of fruity red table wine that was very subtle and smooth, perfect for what we wanted.  Then I had the short rib served w/a ton of lentils (this was a larger portion than what i was expecting).  It was super flavorful and tender, but also super salty.  It was served with horseradish on top, which gave it a nice flavor.  My bf had the scallops, which he enjoyed a lot.  We split the carmelized brussels sprouts (so yums!) and the mac n cheese (again, yummy goodness).  Then for dessert we had the brioche doughnuts served w/hot fudge and some caramel popcorn...such a fun dessert and just the right portion...it was amazing!  I loved every part of my meal from beginning to end and would highly recommend Hot Chocolate for a nice date.  I can't wait to go back to try the hot chocolate and milkshakes!One of the best dessert places I've ever been to. Their dark hot chocolate was so good, it was like melted chocolate! But it wasn't bitter or anything, it was pretty sweet. We also had this one banana dessert, I forgot the name but one of the servers suggested it and that too was bomb. Aside from the food, the ambiance of the place was perfect. So if you're looking for a post-dinner place to chill out, this is the place for you.I went here on a random Wednesday night after dinner for some dessert...We walked in at 9pm and this place was PACKED! We were kind of thrown into a corner with a small table which was a little cramped..and one thing I will bluntly say is SERVICE SUCKED!We waited 35 minutes after being served for anyone to even ask us for the check...we had to ask our busboy for our check.  They completely forgot about us!Maybe it was an off night?We only came for dessert but wow were we impressed with the list... I had the Peanut Butter Mousse...hello heaven..!  My friend had creme brulee which I'm not a big fan of in general but this creme brulee was outstanding.  They have a pretty extensive wine/beer menu as well.I definitely will go back here to try some of their mac and cheese I keep hearing about...(totally one of my favorite comfort foods)...Ambiance wise this could be a great place for a date...or even a girls night out...the music can be a little loud in certain areas...and service hopefully is better next time...otherwise just plan on spending a little more time there than anticipated!I really wanted to love Hot Chocolate. Maybe its bad to see that a place has 700 good reviews, and go into with high expectations, but I just was not thrilled. What was not so great:Waited FOREVER for a tableWhen we called they said they didn't take reservations, so when we arrived and the wait was 1hr 15mins, that was expected. We had a party of four and we sat at the lounge area in the front for drinks. It took over a half hour to get a drink order, and they brought the wrong beer for one person in the party. An hour an 45 mins later I checked on our status and the hostess pointed to a table and said that the they had their check so we should be seated soon - in a few minutes they seated a different party that came in after us at that very table she referred to. In fact they seated at least three other parties that arrived after us (all parties of 4) before we were seated. The drink server said those groups may have had reservations - Wait?? I was told they don't take reservations? And if those parties did have special reservations, why did they wait over an hour in the lounge with us? We were finally seated at a table in the back that could seat about 12 people, but we only had 4, so it was a little awkward to sit at such a large empty table.Food was decent, but not mind blowingWe were there for dinner. I had the mussels - pretty good. Other had the Tuna Melt, Burger, and Cheese sandwich. the Cheese Melt sandwich was not liked by the person who ordered it. He said the cheddar was not good. Dessert was decent, again not mind blowingWe had hot chocolates and sorbet. Good, very good, but I wont dream about it like I had hoped I would. It was not as good as naked chocolate in philly, which is my fav by far.Service:Server was pleasant, but didn't come by very often. I ordered a drink and it took about 30 mins, and several reminders to get it - after all the food was served. She apologized and said the owner was there and had ordered a lot of drinks so the bar was backed up. It was a bit annoying that the bus person kept wanted to clear our plates and drinks before we were done. I would try this place again, but maybe for brunch or just dessert.Just stopped in for some cookies and thought that the bacon chocolate chip cookies looked interesting.  The consistency of the cookie itself was perfect.  Not crispy, but not super soft.  The chocolate had a good flavor and texture, but I didn't taste much bacon.  Maybe a hint of bacon?  Not sure if that's what they were going for, but I was expecting a much more prominent bacon taste but was disappointed.Great little find in the Bucktown/Wickerpark area.  I had a simpe cheeseburger that looked like something out of a Gourmet magazine.   The menu is a little small but they definitely do a great job with their selections.This restaurant has great ambiance and good service.  I came for the award winning desserts and hot chocolates. I had the peppermint hot chocolate and the peanut butter dessert whose name I can't remember.  It was a glamorous Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.  I could not get pass the first sip of my drink because it was achingly sweet. I suppose if I had forced myself to consume the whole drink I wouldn't be writing this review now but be in an insulin induced coma instead.  So I did the next best thing, I gave my minty hot chocolate to my date :)  She's White, she likes sweets. She can handle the sugar rush.somewhere between a 3 and a four.came here for lunch,ordered the BEGGAR'S PURSE taleggio baked with brioche, Werp Farm radish salad- meh... it was sort of blandbf and cousin ordered the PORK BELLY REUBEN  corned pork belly, housemade sauerkraut, Roth Kase gruyere cheese toasted pumpernickel and remoulade, served with house-made chips -- Delish! if not a bit too greasy. I ended up eating my cheese from my beggars purse salad with the pork belly. mmmthe DOUGHNUTS brioche doughnut squares with hot fudge and caramel corn--- so fricken good! we were all delighted with this"Mexican" chocolate- meh... i've had better. had it cold. should have stuck with the classic hot chocolate. really enjoyed the marshmallow on top. would have ordered if the waiter had ever returned.The service kinda sucks here. the wait for lunch was ridiculously long, so we ordered our dessert while waiting for our food. They came out at almost the same time.I was previously a 2-star fan of Mindy's because the meals don't keep pace with the desserts.  However, I did come in for brunch this past weekend and my brioche french toast was better than my previous meals there, in part because the price point was slightly more fair/in-line with other restaurants.  The toast itself was nice and light, eggy but not too eggy, with some sort of vanilla creme on top and two not-memorable sausage patties.  I'm used to paying the same $13 price for a mountain of french toast at Bongo Room, but I'll give Mindy's this much: they don't try to hustle you out the door when you've finished eating your meal like they do at Bongo Room.  Bottom line: Mindy's is good for brunch, great for dessert & hot chocolate (especially if you and/or your friends are wealthy or sporting a corporate credit card), and below average for lunch/dinner options (save for the cheeseburger, still filthy good according to my wife).I've never had dinner here so I cannot comment on that but I must say its a good place for an after dinner drink. I went there for the opening and thought the decor was great. The furniture and colors are all warm..make you feel nice, warm and fuzzy...The chocolate martini was pretty good but not the best.Go here for dessert! That's what my wife and daughters did Friday evening. The host cleared a little spot for us in the "lounge" area. That is at the front of the restaurant. Small tables and padded benches. We were cramped but it was OK. We had hot chocolates, cappuccinos and two killer desserts. The hot chocolate is a bomb of cocoa flavor, deep and satisfying. The cappuccinos were huge and tasty and the desserts were excellent. A creme brulee that was made in a larger square flared bowl/plate and a chocolate study that was made super good by the addition of a salty pretzel. It was cramped a bit for the four of us but we loved every bite of it. Go to hot chocolate and you will be inspired to right a review too, just like the 228 people before me.best hot chocolate ever. ever.Doug, the coolest waiter I've ever had, described the fried egg on the burger as "extra-credit" but he truly earned high marks on his service and his recommendations. I might have tripled my blood triglycerides in that one meal, but a week later I'm still dreaming about every course. The pea soup was excellent, the burger, the mac, the Chocolate #1 was divine (if you like salty and sweet you can't miss this one). Oh and the coffee ice cream topped hot chocolate... WOW. Thanks Doug!We came for desert after having a nice but light dinner at Mixteco.   We were super impressed with ourselves that we finally left room for desert so off we went to Hot Chocolate, after wanting to try this place for quite some time.   The place was packed and with a 45 minute wait for a table we ponied up to the bar.   Service was o.k., the bartenders really thought the cocky stud attitude was where it was at.   I disagree.   My desert, the tribute to the malted milk ball was deelish.   Very decadent.   My hubby got the strawberry shake which was standard.   We did enjoy watching the handle bar mustache waiter in the rolled sleeve shirt and tight jeans who looked like he just walked off of a Marilyn Chambers porno.   Thatt may have been the best part of the evening.    Service - as some have said is snotty and cold, which just killed the experience....have been here several times just for dessert because of mindy segal's reputation for dessert -- which are gourmet and delicious, but recently came here for dinner and it was equally comparable! nice surprise.pros:- had the chicken liver mousse pate, what a large portion! and absolutely delightful.  nice sides included pickled onions, mini pickles and perfectly toasted brioche to go with the pate. YUMMY!!- peach and pork belly salad: as everyone goes with bacon, as does pork belly :) wonderful combination of mild sweet and savory- macaroni & cheese: best i've had!  multiple delicious, perfectly melted cheeses, couldn't finish and definitely took it to go; creamy but not oily and the elbows were cooked perfectlyokay: the burger was a bit uninspired, chips standardand of course dessert speaks for itself! love this place.Portions are SMALL. They should reconsider listing the donuts as a breakfast item and instead list them as an appetizer. Is anyone full after eating four tiny little donuts with raspberry preserves? This food is good but I don't think it's worth the price. I took my mom here for brunch and she ordered a smoothie that came out in a munchkin sized glass that wasn't even cold. She sent it back to the kitchen and they gave her a cold one (not a beer) to replace it. While eating her french toast she found a red hair. My mom does not have red hair. I was impressed by the way they handled this. They did not argue with my mom and  promptly cooked another order for her. While she was waiting the waiter asked if she wanted anything else to hold her over and she requested donuts and the waiter happily obliged. The new order of french toast was thankfully hair-free. I drank an iced hot chocolate (you have to order hot chocolate if that is the name of the place!) which was good but, again not worth 6 bucks.About the atmosphere of this place: It can be very loud during peak hours for weekend brunch. My mom told me afterward that she thought some of the clientele were particularly snobby and that the party next to us was staring at us, the filthy commoners. The choice of artwork is a little out there. I love creative, non-traditional choices BUT, I don't think mannequin vagina and crucified stuffed animals is the best choice for brunch.My husband and I went here for drinks and dessert to celebrate our 1 year anniversary. I loved the ambience of the restaurant-very hip, cozy, and romantic. I ordered an espresso martini (not too impressed) and my husband and I split one of the desserts. The dessert was great, the drinks were okay, but the bartender was great. He made great recommendations and gave us good service. Love it!By far, THE BEST hot chocolate I or you will EVER have!They have different varieties to choose from, and we got the "Medium" which I believe was hot chocolate & fudge! But it wasn't too rich, just perfect. And it has a handmade marshmallow!The chocolate souffle dessert w/ ice cream and a handmade pretzel was verrry delicious as well.The atmosphere in here was amazing, very low light but just enough to see. I think its a great place to have dessert with a small group or go with your significant other.Over 400 reviews for this place? What can I say?Well, let's start with the obvious....dating beautiful and intelligent people...I've said it before and will say it again...it's kind of difficult sometimes.Let's paint a picture....*Ambience: Loud, tables crowded close together....busy busy busy place. Empty your bladder before you sit down. You'll get dirty looks if you try to get up.*Wait: Tuesday night....we made no reservations...we waited 45 minutes. Passed the time with a pleasant and very honest waiter (what a great surprise)...ordered a specialty whiskey drink and the lady ordered a glass of wine. My drink was amazing...a little tart but I liked it, especially with fresh apple slices and a lemon slice inside.*Expectations: They were slammed! So I figured with the fact we were cheapos with a coupon and that they were so busy, my experience would be lacking.Food Breakdown:2 glasses of wine2 glasses of the whiskey specialty drink (I keep forgetting what it's called)1 Shrimp and Grits Appetizer - Tiger Shrimp...3 shrimp and they were huge. The grits were not the typical southern style but they were infused with mushrooms and a mushroom flavored sauce. Fantastic.1 Pork Belly & Bay Scallop Salad - The lady loved the pork belly...and the scallops were very small. However, it was delicious and the dressing they put on the greens was ah-mazing.1 Kobe Filet - I ordered it medium rare...side note: *Medium rare is the only way to order good quality meat!* For me...you can pretty much butcher the cow and then slap the newly skinned meat on a plate for me....ok...moving on. The waitress was kind enough to tell me she was going to tell the cooks to make it as rare as they could without the meat being cold. And wow...did she deliver. It was great. Every bite was like a little tiny burst of mouth-gasmic flavor on the tip of my tongue. The greens and the potatoes served on the side were delicious as well...but they didn't hold a candle to my steak... 1 Pork Chop - The lady ordered this. I didn't try it but she said it was really good minus the fact that the meat was a bit fatty...she doesn't seem to understand the fat is necessary to flavor the meat (at least in my mind). Oh, those healthy eaters...when will they learn?1 Peanut Butter Cup dessert - I did not try but the lady ordered this and she can't have dairy, nor will she eat sweets regularly. Despite this, she loved it...to me, it looked like a fancy peanut butter cup...if I wasn't struggling to finish my dessert, I would have tried some. It looked beautiful and tasty.1 Mexican Hot Chocolate - This was the entire reason why I wanted to come here in the first place. Lovely dark hot chocolate with a homemade marshmallow and a spicy aftertaste. Need I say more? Nope....that's about it. I was just upset I was so stuffed and full it was hard to enjoy this. I was in pain from eating so much...but I triumphed and managed to have enough room for this!*Bill: I brought a $25 coupon. So my bill was $155 including a 20% tip off the original amount. So had I not gotten a coupon, I would have dropped $180ish. Not bad...yes, I'm a huge cheapskate but it was worth it. I haven't had such a nice meal in a while due to my cheapness. Definitely will only come here for a splurge from now on...for dinner anyway...the brunch prices aren't as scary. *Service: Ok, back to my original statement...so hard dating beautiful and intelligent people...I think our server had a little crush on my lady. She kept speaking to mostly her...that or I'm just that crazy jealous girlfriend (I mean, that's totally possible...but I've learned to accept it). However, the lady kept saying the waitress was hitting on me...haha no. I wasn't told I was beautiful and loved.  My lady got the bill though I was the one paying. Ahem, when you have a table consisting of a lesbian couple, they're both equally capable of paying. So suck up to both. The service was excellent though, both at our table and getting drinks in the waiting area before dinner. I was highly impressed due to the fact that when we walked in, they were slammed and the hostess told me, very flustered, that they were booked solid. Next time, I'm making reservations for sure.Verdict: I would come back with a date for a nice dinner, when I'm single to treat myself to a nice dinner, and for brunch with some friends who'd like to be trendy. Also, the hot chocolate is going on sell...no more Swiss Miss for me! I will totally purchase and drink it at my house when I'm too poor to go out in the dead of winter due to ridiculously high gas bills.Everything was so tasty! I had the squash soup - very good, mac n' cheese - best ever, and black and tan hot chocolate - super rich flavor.I had the best chocolate martini of my life here last night.  And the food was scrumptious - the green salad was fresh with just the right amount of dressing and the toasted nuts were a great compliment.  But the aged cheddar sandwich on pumpernickel bread was to die for - if you love cheese - this is your sandwich.  The only downside was that the bread was a bit greasy, but overall, a wonderful dining spot.I went here once for dessert a few months ago - the hot chocolate was like drinking a melted candy bar - really intense and rich - I'd probably go here with my parents or maybe with some broad I was trying to impress but I definitely don't crave a return visiti had a great time at hot chocolate.  the service was fantastic & the food was great.  plenty of options for everyone, and their decision to center the entire dining experience around desert makes the visit itself exceptional and memorable, allowing the patron to enjoy ever facet of their visit leading up to a "climax", if you will.this might win the award for creepiest/most inappropriate yelp review ever.p.s. heirloom tomato salad - amazing.  mac and cheese - not bad.i really like this place.  at first, i was uncertain as it boasts itself to be a dessert place and we were going for dinner.  i was delighted to see that the menu included not only a robust dessert menu but very appealing dinner options as well.drinks - we ordered the over-under (templeton rye, orange bitters, blah blah it was real good) and then a bottle of sauv. blanc. both good choices.food - per our server (who was very knowledgeable and quite nice), we ordered the octopus salad (meh - a little too salty/citrus-y), pork belly app (amazing) and the mac and cheese (also fucking amazing)dessert - okay now this deserves a bit more detail.  first, the dessert menu is lengthy and amazing. i'll be honest, it was hard to choose just three. but finally, after much discussion, we decided on the creme brulee, thoughts on a peanut butter cup and mint chocolate chip ice cream.  all of the above were divine. period.and i almost forgot to mention, great environment.  cool music, attractive and pleasant staff and just a bit weird.  some real obscure art in this place, but i always like a little something strange.  will def be back.YUM! Ordered the Chai Hot Chocolate (1/2 chai, 1/4 mexican and 1/4 dark) TODAY IS TUES i went SATURDAY! Still dreaming of the Chai Hot chocolate! It was amazing amazing AMAZING! That in itself is very filling! I ordered the Veggie Scramble?? It was very good served with a hot sauce on the side..not sure what it was called but it was delicious. Not to to spicey. Got a bag of the homemade marshmellows to go $6.awesome place. 1. ambiance- very cool.. .a little bit loud, but whatever2. service- average3. food-- delicious!!! A. Duck Hash- SO goodddd. i love duck, and this masterpiece was a mix of duck, potatoes, red onions, and two perfectly cooked eggs on top.. it was to DIE for. i could easily keep coming back, over and over again. B. Doughnuts with raspberry jam- delicious!!! C. Hot Chocolate- pretty good!! love the house-made marshmallow.... 1000 x better than a peep... but a peep is cuter so i guess only 900 x better than a peep. i will def. come back for brunch, and i'll want to come back again for a different meal!the food here is good.  hot chocolate is a meal in itself - i wouldn't reccommend doing food and hot chocolate in the same night or you wont fully appreciate it all!  i had some really fantastic scallops - very generous portion, hubby had steak.  we also shared the pretzels to start - very delicous as well. It's cozy/modern inside and the service was fairly good from what i remember.  I do wish the tables were a little more spaced out along the wall though - we had some very loud people next to us and it was hard to enjoy our own conversation.all in all, i really liked it, but the thought of coming back for the hot chocolate resonates with me more than the food i think...In summary it was an Ok experience for us but we do like the ambience, good services as well.( I went with mom N my brother for lunch last week)Price wise: average.  Caesar salad for starter; crab cake burger, chicken , n beef burger for main; and souffle for dessert. And I ordered latte for my drink, and dark hot chocolate for my broVerdictWe liked the salad, beef burger was good but we felt the grilled chicken a bit bland (need a bit more flavour) , my crab cake just so so.....Dark hot chocolate drink was good, but only good for the die hard fans of chocolate as its very thick as if you're drinking chocolate soupSouffle was good as well but it's not giving me the wow super yum kinda feeling until I crave for it again, I hAve heard so much rave reviews about mindy's, but after the meal, it's a bit below my expectations and I felt that I can easily find similar things back at home(Singapore) and some places that I visited before (max brenners in sydney and some desserts/cake shop in japan )Saturday Night me and a couple buddies decided we wanted to go to Hot Chocololate for some dessert.   We saw there was a wait which was no big deal however there were a few spots open at the bar.   Once we sat down at the bar. A man who was employed there told us we could not sit there in a very rude manner.   This rude bald man with a beard/gotee was either a waiter or a useless host.   I say useless host because the other hostess was more than friendly to us.  I can proudly say that I will never go back to Hot Chocololate until Mr.Clean gets another job or decides to bring his band back and quits Hot Chocolate.   I would advise anyone who goes into Hot Chocololate to look out before you sit at the bar and keep an extra eye on Mr.CleanReally good food, unacceptably bad service. Note to the managers and waitstaff: when a pregnant woman asks if a particular cheese is pasteurized, you should treat it as you would when someone with a nut allergy asks if a dish contains nuts--you should provide the information without offering a snarky opinion on whether or not the person asking can eat a certain food. In this case, the waiter tried to convince me that pregnant women can eat unpasteurized cheese. For the record, the doctors say no, even if the cheese is cooked. It is absolutely infuriating to have to get in an argument with a waiter about what I can eat (in front of the group of friends I was dining with, no less). I make that decision with my doctor. I'm happy to order the burger without the unpasteurized cheese, or, you know, to order something else. I've been upset about this interaction for months, actually, because it was such a completely inappropriate invasion of privacy for a waiter to tell me how to manage my health. I definitely won't be going back there again.Came for brunch on a Saturday morning. Great lively and casual atmosphere and as the name states, they make some serious hot chocolate concoctions. Had the chilaquiles which is delicious but a large enough bowl of food to split. That way you'll have room for an iced hot chocolate! Sampled the chai and hot chocolate drink which was great in flavor but a little powdery in consistency for my taste.average food with expensive prices.  you do not get alot of bang for your buck .  Dessert was ok but the amount of the portions does not justify the price.  I'll be back with a grouponCool little lounge/dessert place that serves dinner too, if you can find the place.  No real signage, other than some decals on the front window that are chocolate brown colored, so they blend in with the patrons at night. Waiter said they have ordered an awning, but I don't know what they're waiting for. Everything here is brown, hip, fun waitstaff, great namesake drinks and solid if not above average desserts. Haven't had dinner so can't vouch for that, but if I had to guess, I'd bet it is better than decent.  Valet parking, music was of the chillout variety.  Pretty people, but still hard enough to find that it isn't super crowded all the time.  Good date place, if you want to actually TALK to your date.   Takehome bakery service and to go counter, too.LOVE LOVE LOVE it, delicious treats and comfortable atmosphere. It is the perfect place for an early start to a ladies nite or a mid week replacement for an after work coctail.Went here on a blind date and thank god at least dessert was amazing!!  Cozy, intimate atmosphere with an out-of-this-world menu- I thought I had died and gone to chocolate heaven!  I had the Mexican hot chocolate, which was absolutely sinful and then split the peanut butter chocolate concoction.  While I won't be going on a second date with this guy, I will definitely be returning to Hot Chocolate!!There was a 45 minute wait for toast 2, so we walked down Damen and found Hot Chocolate.  I've never actually heard of HC, but since the wait was only 20 mins we decided to stay.  Less than 5 minutes after we took a seat in the wait area, we were asked if we wanted to sit at the bar.  YES!!!  We always get lucky :).  I ordered the smoked fish and my bf ordered the buttermilk pancakes with a side of sausage.  I also had to try their hot choc so I ordered the medium hc.  The people sitting adjacent to us ordered their food and got it really fast so we expected our food to come out just as fast, but it took forever!  I got my hot choc first and it was wonderful!  It was thick and super sweet and came with a mini marshmallow pillow.  The smoked fish was good, but you can easily get the same quality (lox and bagel) for half the price at other brunch places.  It also came with a block of noodle pudding I personally didn't like it.  It looked like it was supposed to be potatoes and almost had the same texture, but was sweet.  My bf's buttermilk pancake was interesting... it looked like there were egg whites that didn't get blended in.  Not a typical buttermilk pancake for sure.  It was OK.  Overall I thought the food was not worth the money, but I def think the sweets would be.I also learned the chef was a Charlie Trotter's graduate and so was the exec chef of Le Lan who was sitting right next to us.The food here is very, very delicious.  However, it is also very rich.There were no items on the menu that were "light" by any means of the word.  Even the mussles were swimming in some sort of delicious mustard cream sauce that I'm sure added 5000 calories to the meal.The mussles were actually my favorite part...I also ate some of the mac and cheese, which was literally the best mac and cheese I have ever tasted in my entire life.For dessert, I ate the "ode to a watchamacallit" which was equally as decadent.So come here for a filling, decadent meal.  Do NOT come here if you are on any sort of a diet or are diabetic.I feel the need to hit the gym now.  Just remembering that food is making me feel guilty ;)PS: The burger with the egg on top (which my friend ate) was so over the top that it had to be fabulous.  Seriously one of the best burgers I've ever had, but that's because it had a freaking fried egg on it.I love dessert.  This place fits the bill perfectly.  Not all desserts are created equally though.  The namesake is great, some milkshakes are good, and the cakes are hit or miss.  But it is all fantastic.  People who work there are super friendly (might just be my NY mindset) but thanks for the after-dessert advice.  Check it out, you will not be disappointed.Yes, damn, wow. Hot Chocolate really is that good.We started with the biscuits (excellent) and a fried green tomato salad (very good). The biscuits were severed with honey butter. The combination of salt, fat, sweet, and flour was perfect.My wife had a vodka cocktail of strawberry, lime and basil which was very tasty. I thought that the beer list was a little uninspiring, but was very pleased with the Alpha King which I had only sampled once before.I had the burger with the fried egg. Everything tasted fresh and each ingredient tasted bright and clear. The overall impression was an incredibly well-balanced masterpiece. My wife had the mac and cheese. This was good. She described it as cheese soup with noodles. I don't think it was the best version of the dish ever.For desert, my wife had the seasonal Strawberry/Rhubarb and I had the doughnuts. The Strawberry/Rhubarb was constructed from more than half a dozen components and each was very flavorful. The doughnuts were mellow and allowed the dipping chocolate to shine. The doughnuts were served with excellent carmel popcorn. My favorite part of desert was the half and half (half hot chocolate and half espresso). Please don't miss ending your meal with one of these drinks.The atmosphere is cool and sleek brown with out trying to hard to impress. I do feel like the tables along the wall are impossibly close together. They make me want to bring a larger group next time in order to avoid them. The service was excellent. In particular we had an appropriately chatty waiter who packed our leftovers with a sampling of cookies for our ride back to Milwaukee. We look forward to returning.Really, really wanted to love this place.  I think the place and ideas are innovative.  This being said, my review is only based on the desserts/pastries from "Hot Chocolate", I have not actually tried any of their other items.  What I found were items that looked much better than they tasted.  I got a few pastries and the chocolate cake with a hot fudge center, salted caramel ice cream and a pretzel.  For $11.00, I expected my dessert to taste "out of this world".  It was only mediocre.  The pastries were also just mediocre as well.  I have had much better at a much cheaper price.Hot Chocolate is one of my favorites restaurants. Over the holidays I had a starters only dinner. It included, shrimp and grits, pork belly salad, chard octopus and mussels. I finished with the butter scotch bread pudding (OMG). I had foodgasm. The place is consistent.Tasty sandwich and not too bad of a wait for weekend brunch. Will definitely go back!Tried the Mexican hot chocolate but the flavor was a bit overbearing for me. Instead swapped with a Dark Hot Chocolate and was in heaven. Marshmallows are made in-house and excellent! This was perfect on a bitterly cold Chicago winter night!Very minimal decor but comfortable and they have a decent menu (although I didn't order any food).For a restaurant whose very name conjures images of the sweet decadence of the most seductive bean in the world, and whose Yelp reviews are a collection of chocoholic worship of biblical proportions, we went with our empty stomachs ready for a three-course indulgence of dessert, dessert, and dessert.  However, upon being seated, we found the dinner menu surprisingly eclectic and intriguing, and decided that we could not forgo the in-a-category-of-their-own mac and cheese, a pork belly 'salad' that was really a hearty slab of crispy pork topped with about as much greens as the garnish atop the mac and cheese, and a grilled octopus appetizer that had more greens than the other two dishes combined.  And boy was that a good decision.  After thoroughly mopping up each morsel of flavor from those plates, we realized that the name may have been just an ingenious ruse to attract the fairer more sugar-craving sex, while the food was the true reward for the guys who succumbed to these requests for sugar indulgence.  In a word, the food was magnificent.  So magnificent that it may have even overshadowed the star of the restaurant...their chocolate.  We ended up ordering the Chocolate #1 and the Thoughts on a Peanut Butter Cup (their creative interpretation of a reese's peanut butter cup) for the dessert, both of which certainly hit the spot and was flawless in presentation and chocolateful flavor. However, what ultimately led us to give this place 4 stars instead of 5 was expectations. From a restaurant named after a dessert, and whose owner is a 2000000th consecutive James Beard Award nominated pastry chef, you expect the dessert to be PERFECT, divine, a raison d'etre...or at least the most memorable part of the meal, which in this case it was not.In the end, then, Hot Chocolate is much more than a place for dessert.  It is really a complete restaurant, with savory appetizers and main courses sure to tickle your palate.  And as such, this makes them a much better restaurant than their name alludes.Love this place!  The menu is fun and creative.  Sometimes I have a hard time deciding on what to eat because a lot of the items sound so delicious!  I would highly recommend ordering one of their hot chocolates though. I think they have about seven to choose from and all served with homemade marshmallow.  My favorite is the black and tan (1/3 of it is hot fudge at the bottom of the glass, then topped off with medium hot chocolate - decadent!).  Love the fact that they try to use local ingredients. I think I would recommend going for brunch rather than dinner.  You have to order the warm doughnuts to share!  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it can get really loud in there and sometimes the service can be a bit abrupt. But, I would go there for a special occasion or to bring friends visiting from out of town.I was excited for a James Beard winning pastry chef and because I am a lover of desserts, I definitely wanted to check out Hot Chocolate. However, it was a SAUNA in the restaurant. After a main course (which was not even a hot dish), I was profusely sweating like I was in a hot yoga class. The ventilation was so bad, that I skipped dessert entirely because I was so uncomfortable. Does being a James Beard winning chef mean you can't afford proper ventilation? I doubt I'll go back.So, we went to Hot Chocolate for the hot chocolate, obviously.  Should have just stuck with that.  When I first walked in, I was overwhelmed by how loud the place was.  I know lots of restaurants in the city have to work with the space they have, but for a Sunday morning brunch, it was too loud.  The donuts (including raspberry preserves) were delicious as was the hot chocolate: a perfectly creamy but not too thick consistency and just the right amount of sweetness.  However, my breakfast was salty and oily and not enjoyable.  I might return to try dinner, but as of yet, I don't recommend anything more than the hot chocolate.Absolutly the best. Ate ala carte at boka and finished our meal here. Enjoyed a glass of prosecco with two incredible desserts and the signature hot chocolate that we shared. Their wine list surprised me as there weren't any dessert wines. I would have preferred moscato dasti to the prosecco I had. Overall delicious and the service was great, he was so friendly, personable and had great recommendations!This is the kind of place that you drive 2 hours to eat at when you move far away from the city.If you love chocolate pleeeeease come here.  My friends and I came here for dessert and it was amazing.  A lot of selections and were soooo full of sugar, it was not even funny.  haha.  The hot chocolates were good.  We waited for abour 45 minutes just to go get in.  Also, this spot is pretty trendy.. so a lot of bachelorette parties, bday parties and pretty nice dressed folks are in there. it is a bit dark inside but it makes a great atmosphere...whee!Been here 3 times now and writing this review as this is the first time I've had dinner there. We started with the mussels which piqued my interest after I read that they were stewed in a cream sauce among which PBR was one of the ingredients. PBR- the cheap hipster swill that is called "beer" by many denizens of chicago. If it was in the dish I certainly couldn't tell which was probably a good thing as it was delicious beyond belief. I accidently paired it with the best manhattan I've ever had. Super balanced and just strong enough to have me feeling really nice after my second one. Up until this meal I had thought that Duchamp had the best manhattan. We also had the Arctic Char and the burger which came highly recommended. Wasn't a fan of the burger though the homemade pickles were stellar. If you want a fantastic burger go check out Old Oak Tap. Still have yet to find anything that compares. Long story short - Longman Eagle is hands down my favorite restaurant in Chicago. I can't always abide a 3 hr wait so Hot Chocolate is a not so distant second for dinner , dessert, cocktails and a super helpful and friendly wait staff. Seriously these guys are like the nicest people ever. Oh yea and the Mexican hot chocolate makes you wanna slap your mammaThe doughnuts!  The Mindy's Bfast sando.  The Smoked salmon platter!  The veggie Scramble!  The 1/2 hot chocolate 1/2 espresso.   The Bloody Mary's! Everything here is amazing.  If you are in for something super sweet, go for the French Toast.  I've been here twice and haven't disliked a thing.Absolutely amazing! If you like unique interesting brunch - they pretty much nailed it! The place has everything, from very delicious entrees to breakfast cocktails... and of course the selection of hot chocolate and teas is superb! Great service, trendy interior and very creative dishes with elegant presentation.Oh Mindy... you're great! I've only ever been here for brunch.  I've never tried their dinner menu.  I've loved it each timeWhen?  Usually on the weekend.  If it's just the hubs and I we are normally seated right away.The chocolate?  Have had the medium with some mild and dark chocolate with caramel.  Soooo decadent.  Soooo sweet.  But mmmmm.  I've also had the Farmer's Market Mint.  Holy shiznit!!!!  Amazing!!!  1/2 white chocolate, 1/2 mild chocolate and a hint of mint.  Soooo rich and creamy.  But soooo sweet.  I had to ask for a bit of skim milk to thin it out.  But I'm not complaining at all.  It made my small mug larger and I loved it!  Especially with their homemade marshmallows. The grub?  I recently ordered the breakfast sandwich, egg whites, mixed greens, banana peppers, chili oil on a whole grain hoagie.  Sounds healthy, but was delicious.  It helped that the egg white was fried and had a crispy edge, YUMMO.  It was served with some fruit.  But not the melon, strawberries and pineapple like you'd get everywhere else... but some crisp pear, concord grapes (that were interesting in texture, but tasted like concentrated grape juice, so fun to eat) and asian pear... what a surprise.  It was great.  The hubs is a 2 eggs over easy with bacon kinda guy.  No matter where we go.  He saw someone's order of a bone in hamsteak, cheesy grits, and over easy eggs and he was in heaven.  He enjoyed every bite of it.When we asked for hot sauce, we were brought some Sriracha!  What, Mindy?  Whatchu know bout the rooster?  On our way out, some cookies from their bakery caught my eye... bacon chocolate chip cookies, peppermint oreo graham cracker sandwiches.  I got a few baked goods.  Walked out with $8 worth... a bit steep.  I had a cookie a night for 4 nights but I thought the graham crackers were very stale.  Booo.The ambiance?  It did get a bit loud in there.  And you do sit quite close to others, but I don't mind it.  The service?  Efficient.  Friendly staff and they worked as a team... each person that came by helped us.  I had gone here in the past with some of my girlfriends and they had messed up our order.  They brought us complimentary donuts with various dipping sauces.  And at the end gave us a box full of pastries to make up for it.  Shooot.... I don't even remember was the error was!So far the best dessert place i've been to in chicago. The chocolate is great and so are the other desserts. I'd skip the food and stick to the good stuff!Maybe the place was a little too hyped up for me... Although, I only tried dessert and their famous hot chocolate. The desserts looked fancy but they were only alright, and the hot chocolate was a bit disappointing... I got the half & half hot chocolate. People told me this place is a must-go place in Chicago, but besides the ambiance, the desserts and hot chocolates were only OK for me.This was an a pleasant alternative to waiting in what seemed like a half hour wait line at margies. located just far enough away from the crazy intersection in wicker park this place was perfect! The ambiance is upscale bar they serve dinner but most people were getting dessert it was 11pm so that makes sense... my b.f ordered a hot chocolate that was more like chocolate soup which did not appeal to me and I had a glass of prosecco which I think was the better choice. We ordered the donuts that were good but would have been better warmed up and the pecan pie which was very good just a little rich. I would like to come back here and test out their dinner menu or maybe just drinks and appetizers but worth checking out againUnique place, very good. I ordered the liquid chocolate drink spiced with cayenne powder and could barely get it down, that is coming from someone who lives on dark bitter chocolate.We came here on a weekend night with no reservations so we had to wait quite awhile.  There's a lounge area and a bar area which sometimes helps you get seated quicker.  The hostess was pleasant.. My friend ordered the mac 'n cheese because people were raving about it on yelp.  She said it was good, but kind of salty.. I ordered some duck stew that was pretty good.  I couldn't finish it all, cause the saltiness was a little overwhelming.  We also had hot chocolate of course, which was also really good.Honestly, this is a 4.5 star review. We went in around 8 on a Friday night and had no problem immediately getting a table. Our waiter was so sweet and attentive - empty dishes were cleared immediately, the water pitcher was immediately refilled, food came out very quickly, even though they were busy. The Mac and cheese was delicious - very creamy and rich. My only (minor) gripe is that we ordered two identical chocolate malts. One was delicious, while the other was overly sweet and didn't really taste malted. Our waiter offered to remake them, but we were in a hurry. The cookies were also amazing - a great dessert to split in a group that likes a lot of different things. I would totally return if I were in the neighborhood!Mindys was amazing! We popped in on a Sunday right as they opened and were able to get a great table for 4. Our server was amazing, i forget her name. She was on top of her game with drinks and got the food to our table promptly. We were never without anything at any moment. Thank you for being open!!The hot chocolate is the best!!!  Food is 4 stars.Without the wonderful reviewers of Yelp, we would have never known to top off my birthday dinner at Hot Chocolate.  What a fantastic TREAT!!  I was ready to move in after taking one sip of that rich, delicious hot cocoa with the handmade melty marshmallow floating in it.  It was a chocolate orgasm.  I can still taste it... mmm.The chocolate souffle was PERFECT.  I've had so many disappointing souffles in the past- not melty enough, too melty, not rich enough, too crusty... never perfect.  But this one had just enough warm melty goodness mixed with crunchy parts, and the ice cream and pretzels on top were just divine.  I was in heaven.The service was also awesome.  They are so super nice- we were there at rush hour on a Saturday night at like 9pm with no reservations.  They made sure we got seated, took great care of us, chatted us up... the servers were all just fantastic.The menu looked so good, I wish we had eaten dinner there too.Great brunch, great atmosphere, great pressed coffee.  Oh also my friend had the hot chocolate and said it was the best he ever had.  I definitely recommend.We had mixed drinks and gourmet burgers...which were delish.  The atmosphere was really cozy and great for conversation.  I'd definitely go back!Two words: homemade marshmallows.  Oh my. The hot chocolate wasn't too bad either!  Food was tasty and pretty, selection was fun and our waiter was very attentive and nice.  On top of that, we arrived 7 minutes before closing.  What more do I need to say?I absolutely love Hot Chocolate!  The restaurant is very sleek with its minimalistic decor and has just enough shine and sparkle to it without being over-the-top.  As for their desserts, I usually order their brioche donuts, which come with a moose-trek popcorn along the side with chocolate dipping sauce for the donuts.  I can't get enough of them!  I've also tried their banana flight of desserts, which comes with the infamous chocolate shake and cake.  I've also dined here for a friend's birthday dinner. . . I ordered what resembled a grilled cheese sandwich on rye bread, which was just okay.Hot Chocolate's burgers are rated the second best in Chicago (by Timeout magazine, I think) so I had to try it out. It's surprisingly simple--quality ingredients, great execution, etc.--but amazing nonetheless. However, my burger was a tad salty (that might be subjective) and I'm not sure I would rate it as high a #2 in Chicago. Still in the top 10% percent of burgers you'll be able to find though. Also, cocktails are nice and strong, if you're into that. That's one facet of Hot Chocolate; the other side, i.e. breakfast, will blow your mind. I had a sausage on a biscuit and...1/3 fudge hot chocolate? Oh...My...God. The flavors are strong and overpowering but probably the best food you've ever tasted. Huge homemade marshmallows, the right amount of salty and sweet, amazing breakfast food, I would live in Hot Chocolate if I didn't have to remortgage my life to dine there.my fiance was on a search for a milkshake "late" one night and I realized that most places that serve them were closed already, but found on Yelp that Hot Chocolate serves them and we went over there and sat at the bar because the place was packed!  we ordered some apps and he had the Caramel Stout milk shake!  it was awesome!  We've since been back for dinner (with a reservation) and had an amazing meal ! Our server Douglas was great!  We've tried several desserts (on different visits!) and they are amazing!* Adding -  another night we brought friends and one friend was in town from Paris so we knew she would love it here! our table ordered 5 different desserts we passed around the table and loved ALL of them!!Went by twice. The first time for a quick Mexican hot chocolate and dessert (not very memorable since I can't remember which one I got). While the hot chocolate was quite tasty, the combination of hot chocolate and dessert was all together too sweet.  The place was very Chicago-chic and I was definitely interested in coming back for dinner.Fast forward a few weeks later and I am back for dinner with two friends.  We are seated at the bar because there are no "open" tables (several tables were empty but supposedly reserved, but the large table at the back of the room by the kitchen was left open the entire time we were there).  It takes a while, but finally we are greeted by a gentleman at the bar who seems preoccupied and somewhat lofty.  Unfortunately for us it takes well over an hour to finally get our food. Even after I asked the guy at the bar about it, it still took a while to get it and he wasn't very apologetic about it at all. I ordered the Arctic Char and it tasted totally undercooked. But I was starving after waiting so long for it so I just ate it.  Two stars for very poor customer service and disappointing food. This place is just another one of those overrated posh joints. I think you're just paying for the ambiance.My husband and I just visited Hot Chocolate for the first time and I loved it so much I'm drafting a review on the drive home. He had the light hot chocolate. Holy wow. So good. I had the French toast with cranberries and sausage and I'm pretty sure it changed my life. He had the ricotta and egg sandwich. His only complaint is he wishes the giardanera came through more. But overall it is simply delicious. I can't wait to go for dinner.I honestly cannot speak for the Lunch or Dinner Menu, It all looks very delicious, but i've only had their hot chocolate and some dessert items. Everything has been fantastic on all visits though. I love the style of the restaurant, the design is very classy and trendy all while maintaining an environment thats not too "posh" and rather welcoming.I went here after ice-skating with some friends, and it was such a fun treat!  We all got the hot chocolate, of course.  I'm a big fan of the Medium, which is perfectly creamy and sweet.  My friend and I shared the Glorious Apple Dessert.  It was good, but I don't think it was worth what it cost, and I did feel i had eaten better apple desserts.  Not a winner for me.  Overall, I think this would be a great place for a date or to escape the cold with some friends.wow. i mean, WOW! The meal I had at Hot Chocolate the other night was one of the best I have ever had. We started with the pretzels. Then I had one of their famous hamburgers with a side of grits. Finally, we finished with dessert. A Chocolate #1, the doughnuts,  a Peppermint Patty milkshake, and a hot chocolate chai. Yeah, that is a lot of food, but holy crap it was amazing. Let's begin with that pretzel. Soft pretzels are one of the very best things one can eat. The starter pretzel was the perfect mix of soft and chewy with just enough salt to light the tongue up. The warm cheese only makes it better.  While the hamburger was very good, the thing that really made it stand out was the aged cheese and the homemade pickles.Now, the dessert. HOLY COW!  Let me say that again in case you missed it. HOOOLY COW!!!!!!!!!! I have had a lot of amazing doughnuts in my time and these were some of the best. But the Chocolate #1, well after trying it you will understand why the chef has been nominated for multiple James Beard Awards. Salted Caramel, the ice cream that comes with the Chocolate #1, is a flavor that is largely missing from the American pallet. The Chocolate Chai was very rich and spicy, which is to say it was very good.Finally, the experience was fantastic. Our waiter was knowledgeable and the space was very cool.Licked the plates clean!  After eating there, I could find myself having late night cravings of their addictive Mussel Dish.  Every dish was so tasty.  And I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of their seafood plates.  Don't expect to get your food anytime soon though.  We waited so long for our dishes, while we watched our waiter flirt with the other tables around us.  All in all, it took us over two hours to get out of there.  But with that said, if you're looking for great food and you don't care so much about sitting around, go.  You'll love it!Walked in with a group of 8 for dessert.  Seated right away at a table that didn't accomodate our group.  When our group tried to move chairs so that we could all be seated, we got some serious attitude from the owner.  We were insulted and angry at the service our group recieved and immediately left after our interaction with the owner.  We will NOT be back!  There are better ways to deal with customers - perhaps Mindy could use a little training in customer service!!!This is a great place to come after dinner.  Skip the cheesy overpriced deserts at most restaurants that probably aren't even made on premise and head to Hot Chocolate; especially if you're out for the night with your lady or man or a couple of fun friends.If I were to rate just the evening desert side of the house I'd give them a 4.5.  However their brunch was a 2.5 at best; a 2.0 if I didn't think their coffee presentation was great.  I went there for brunch once.  I loved the individual French presses of coffee but the food was off mark.  They really did up presentation and tried going outside the envelope on the techniques and foods.  Unfortunately it missed the mark by being short of flavors and being relatively dried out or not rich enough.  Perhaps they were having a bad day and I'll try them again because I really do love this place.  Enough bad mouthing, I'll move on.The deserts here are creative presentations and preparations of well known deserts.  Smores, donuts, and more, it's all taken to another chocolaty level.  I've been there many times so I don't want to get into the weeds with all the individual dishes.  Words are hard to describe the presentation.  Imagine a French chef preparing your favorite deserts but then giving them American richness and portion. They even make their own marshmallows which is just neat.  I also appreciate their small but eclectic collection of scotch and bourbons.A bourbon or Irish coffee and a desert after a meal elsewhere is a great way to round out a date in Chicago.  If you like deserts do not miss this place.  Let me know, I'll meet you there;)Prost, Cheers, Salud, Bon Appetit, and all those great wishes!We went here for the oh-so famous dessert, at $12 a pop it better be fabulous. Well I wasn't out-right disappointed, but not overly impressed either. It was better than average, and as such okay value for money.I took my girlfriend here on a date on our first night off from work together. What a perfect date place. We had a few drinks in their lounge area before being seated at around the time they quoted for us. We had the shrimp and grits appetizer, which was delicious. Their menu is seasonal, which slightly disappointed me a little because I wanted to try the lamb I saw on their website. It was ok though, I tried the pork instead, at the suggestion of my server. It was a juicy medium cooked pork tenderloin with a two slices of pork belly which should be illegal because it was sinfully delicious. It was served with a raspberry sauce and fried shallots and green beans. All organic of course. My girlfriend got the creamy macaroni and cheese with cheddar and gruyere. It was delicious.  They even tell you the farms where they get their veggies, meats, and cheeses. My server suggested some wine with dinner and we got some of their donuts with chocolate sauce to go so we could eat them in the movie. She even gave us 2 free cookies because we couldn't decide between donuts or cookies. It was all great! Very romantic evening, and nice place.Tried brunch here today.  They definitely do the sweet stuff well.  Monkey bread was good  but portion was small.  Tried two of the hot chocolates and both were very tasty.  Shrimp and Grits also were very solid.  The reason I only gave this place 3 stars is that the prices are a bit high for the food.  $6 for hot chocolate,? Its good but I can get a high quality beer for that price. $15 for the shrimp grits is definitely overpriced for a brunch item. $9 for a small hunk of monkey bread is pricey.  Good quality food but just overpriced.I had the most delightful drink at Hot Chocolate.  Their cold chocolate (chocolate martini) is pretty spectacular.  I've taken a few friends there, forcing them to get this drink and they all go into somewhat skeptical but all are just soo shocked at how good it is!  I've been there a handful of times, always for dessert and have pretty much tried everything on their dessert menu (although that's probably not totally true since it changes all the time!).  I've also had almost everything they sell at the counter.  Everything is so good.  Mindy Segal gets James Beard Award nominated every year for a reason!  I once went there after a steak dinner and had six different desserts (between two people) and licked all the plates clean!!!!  It's an ever changing menu which is great because you always get to try something new, but not great when you fall in love with one dish yet find it gone on your next visit!  The doughnuts seem to be a staple and are very good, but I think the caramel corn that it comes with steals the show!The desserts are inventive with so many different elements, tastes, and textures.  It is seriously party in your mouth!!!!I took my boyfriend here for cheese and sweets to celebrate our anniversary and we really enjoyed it.  Since they don't take reservations we took the first seats we could get in the lounge and that wasn't too bad, although I think next time we will wait for a table. I really liked the 12 yr cheddar, the "apples" dessert, and my boyfriend's Mexican hot chocolate. We will definitely be back!So thanks to Mindy's Hot Chocolate it's completely necessary that I work in the Black and Tan hot chocolate at the end and maybe also before my last meal. I went here with some friends while visiting Chicago with my boyfriend and had their great brunch and amazing hot chocolate. I need to work in another visit just to try the other flavors!Love love love the candy cane hot chocolate. Once the homemade marshmallow melted, it was heaven. I had the cheddar melt and thought it was delicious but greasey. Mac and cheese was also great. My only real complaint was the seating: Too close!Let me start off by saying the ambiance is really cute - it's a fun place to get drinks and munch on something sweet after dinner.However...the dessert is just not that good.  Do not get the warm souffle tart or the creme brulee.  The donuts and peanut butter cup are ok but not great.  The banana dessert is quite delicious.The hot chocolate is ok but strangely tastes thin and water based vs. what a rich hot chocolate should be.Everything just seems a tad to sweet (and I have a huge sugar tooth).We had a great time there.   Their how chocolate is AMAZING.  It's super sweet and they use whole milk (even better.)   Their Mexican Hot chocolate is mostly dark chocolate so it's really really bitter.  But otherwise it's a must go place.Very smooth warm and thick 'dark' made with 72% chocolate. Limited cookie selection though. 2 drinks and 4 cookies for $17.Loved the Beet Salad, Donuts in chocolate sauce, and the Milk Shake.  The hidden gem is the leek and potato gratin.Just awesomeMindy's Hot Chocolate is AMAZINGGG!!!! Their hot chocolates are extremely good. I can guarantee you will never have another hot chocolate as good as the one at Mindy's. Their other desserts are really really good too, but my favorite is the hot chocolate. Its chocolatey enough to be considered a dessert. The food is also really really tasty. The Mac n Cheese and their burgers are delicious. I love going to Mindy's and I'd recommend to anyone! I wish i was there now!Am I the only person that likes the old Hot Chocolate better? When I was looking to eat some good American food I rushed to this restaurant because all the reviews claimed that Mindy had revamped EVERYTHING - the decor, the menu, the bar. When I got there, I was like...so this is what they call REVAMPING? Gone is the lounge area in the front, which was perfect for people who wanted to nosh on dessert. Gone is the little area where they sold cookies and etc. I guess they redid the roof, maybe they made it higher, so the room feels bigger? Quite frankly, now the restaurant feels like any other restaurant targeting the yuppies. Opened windows, open kitchen, bar serving hand made special cocktails. They've taken away everything that made the restaurant SPECIAL!!As for the menu, I really couldn't discern too much of a difference, since the menu never really stayed the same any way. The Mac and Cheese is still there. The burger is still there, though this time I ordered medium and got well done. The pretzels are still there. I ordered the rillete fish appetizer with bagel chips and those chips were absolutely too darn HARD! I felt like I was breaking my teeth. I was surprised that I wasn't served the dessert menu with the regular menu. Is Mindy trying to de-emphasize desserts with this REVAMPING?Hot Chocolate has never been a value meal but it's going to take alot more work to get me back to the restaurant soon... Maybe I should just treat this as a dessert spot.Came for brunch, which was divine. My boyfriend got sweet, I got savory, we were both happy. Had a craving for their "regular" hot chocolate, and it was comped! Can't get any better than that, although I would definitely pay full price for it. Those homemade marshmallows literally melt in your moth. Can't wait to come back!though everyone comes to mindy's for the hot chocolate and the oversized marshmallow, i have to say that their best desserts are the recognized souffle and doughnuts. the caramelized popcorn doesn't do much but add some color to the plate, but the doughnuts and chocolate dip themselves are worth every calorie.check your self-control at the door, and happy indulging!Sit at the bar with Andy and you'll get the best service in Wicker ParkBah-humbug. Loved the ambiance of this place. Everything else stunk (disclaimer: I did not have cup of the hot chocolate). My husband and I went there for drinks and dessert. The hostess was rude, for whatever reason, and the waitress was just okay. I got the dessert experience, which was called "the study" and apparently changes every month. It was described to me, without irony, something like " this is what happens when an award winning pastry chef really thinks about dessert, deconstructs it, and puts it back together again." It was actually more pretentious than that, but I can't recall the exact words. I know, I know, I should have known. The $15 dessert (hey, I was on vacation!) came out and it was so tiny (it also was served with a 1/4 alcoholic beverage that was pretty good). It was like a brownie with hot chocolate poured over it. It was totally disappointing. It was served frozen, and honestly Sara Lee's desserts at your local meijer are probably better. I wouldn't recommend.Not sure what happened here. Wine was not great use to be better; enjoyed good by the glass. Also, charging 6 bucks for 2 pieces of bread!!! Shame on me for paying.Leave for the out of towners.Delicious classic American cuisine.  I particularly love their pretzels, and their desserts in general.I have never had a bad meal at Hot Chocolate. And since their "reboot" it has been even better. I live one block from this place and that coupled with good food makes it my 'go to' place when friends are visiting.I love this place. I went here with my boyfriend and it was such a fun experience! We sat at the bar and were immediately taken care of even though it was really busy. Their white hot chocolate was literally the best thing I've ever tasted. It was worth every penny and I would go back just for that. We also had a blueberry/popcorn tartlet that was delicious! I can't wait to go back and try other menu items.perfect date spot.. i recommend getting one of the samplers and you get 3 or 4 different deserts and you can share. cute and delicious. everything is very sweet so dont order too much.con: seating is too close to each other. you can pretty much eat the food off the next persons plate.however, there is a couch area in the front of the resturaunt. try to sit there next to your hunny.they do have food there, but i have never eaten dinner there.A bit pricey, it is not a bad date place or if you're just going to get a dessert or their mac and cheese (which fights with Smoke Daddy and Kuma's for the best I've ever had).Hey, I've got a sweet tooth that can rival the tooth fairy's stash of teeth, but have to say this place isn't worth the hype.  My date's coffee came in the fancy press which apparently had malfunctioned because it was full of grounds (to which we looked at each other and wondered if this was the new hip way to drink coffee).  The waiter apologized said he was going to get her another cup and then disappeared for the rest of the night.  My mocha was more hot chocolate and they really should offer a diabetes test along with the cup of sugar...yes, there is the home made marshmallow (which was the only good thing from the evening).  Maybe an off night?  Who knows...too many other places to try in the 'hood.After a wonderful meal at Mercat a la Planxa we wanted to have dessert at Hot Chocolate based on all the reviews---not a good decision. The server seemed uninterested. The coffee which was  described as "Bad Ass"---tasted more like tea. The server said they must not have put enough ground coffee in the French Press. I had the Banana Royale for $11.  This must be some dessert.  Save yourself a few dollars and have a better experience with a Haagan Daz Almond Chocolate Coffee bar--far more satisfying.The small eclair roll filled with a little ice cream was hard as a rock. Maybe I ordered the wong choice. I don't think I will be coming back any time soon.I went in recently for my boyfriend's birthday with about 5 of his friends a few nights back. Unfortunately they didn't have anything available for a walk-in of six, understandably. The whole party I was with works in bars in the neighborhood too so no one really understands crowded, busy restaurants more than us. However, they were all so very kind  and as we sat in the lounge and enjoyed our drinks the hostess was able to put something together. The food was great, service was wonderful too. I love this place.We'd been meaning to try this place for a while, especially since it was listed as Chicago Magazine's #2 Best Burger.  We started out with the Farmer's Cheese Biscuits and they were very tasty and really hit the spot.  I got the roasted chicken and my date got the burger.  Now, before I go on, I must say we are both huge fans of salt.  I salt things before I taste them sometimes (yes, I'm that girl).  However, the roasted chicken was way too salty...to the point where I could not eat it.  The burger, which I also tried, was also very very salty and not as spectacular as I would have expected from the #2 best burger in Chicago.  We overheard the people sitting next to us who also said, the soup would be awesome it if wasn't so salty.  All in all, Hot Chocolate was okay, but not as amazing as we had expected from other reviews.Wow - what an incredible find.My boyfriend and I planned on going to Bluebird (next door) but when we saw Hot Chocolate's Dinner menu and Dessert menu - and realized it was half price on wine night- we ditched BBird! The service was incredible and the ambiance was warm.Their Macaroni & Cheese, Beet salad, Homemade Pretzels and Caulefloweer a gratin....TO DIE FOR. So good! Their desserts - you must try their desserts. I will be back many, many more times so I can try them ALL! I had their Medium Hot Chocolate and Cookie Platter...scrumptious - all 16 of them.I've heard their brunch is incredible as well...Ugh, they were on "Check Please" and the wait there is now insaneeeeeeeeeee.  Also, for some reason, the hostesses there never seem as friendly as the wait staff!Went to Hot Chocolate Saturday night to try it out for my big birthday dinner in January....we just had dessert, but I did look over the entire menu and I thought just about nothing from dinner sounded good and it was all definitely overpriced. I have seen mixed reviews on dinner but of course dessert is supposed to be fab, so we ordered the brioche doughnuts with carmel popcorn and fudge sauce and I had an iced light hot chocolate with carmel and the homemade marshmallow. I am not a huge sweets person so the fudge and marshmallow were too much. HOWEVER, the drink was amazing, tasted like salty chocolate milk, and the doughnuts were totally awesome and I tried to steal my boyfriends....Don't know that just that was worth $20.00 but it is the city. Waitress was very attentive, however the place was very crowded and you are very much on top of your neighbor. I checked out the "private table" where I was planning my party and realized its next to the bright kitchen and surrounded by a shower curtain...yea no thanks. Def gonna cancel the birthday dinner but this is a nice place for dessert.Great date spot. The hot chocolate was amazing! A little crowded and you are sitting a little close to everyone else but the food and the scene is great. It has fast become one of my favorite spots in Wicker ParkWe came to a crowded place expecting to be blown away, sadly i was not.  Sure, it Has a great mixture of cozy yet lively atmosphere the shake was expensive and small but came with two tiny cookies.  The burger was good, but way to salty for my taste deer would love this burger!  I was impressed with  the mac and cheese, which  was more like a cheese soup with mac.  we asked for bacon in it to compare it too blue birds next door but their bacon sucks here, ruined the mac n cheese.   I loved the selection of cookies but none of them blew my mind, even the bacon chocolate chip cookie was eh, and i love bacon, i have a bacon wallet.  Overall I wanted to try the entire menu but only had room for one and a half dinners because i had just eaten a pre dinner dinner  at blue bird.  Sooner or later I'll make it back when I have more of an appetite but i will most likely go to blue bird as i was more impressed. So far in my quest for the best burger in chicago it is still,  kumas, and yoshi's which are way out in front for best burger in the city if not earth!!!   Blue bird beat hot chocolate by a nose and everything beats moody's pub burger by a hair!  A hair i found in my moody's burger... so gross.   it should also be noted that hot chocolate does have better zert than blue bird.Hot chocolate is great! I love the desserts! Try the seasonal desserts they are awesome and the freshest! Don't be obessed with chocolates the seasonal dishes are where the chef excels!Decided to try this out for my Birthday Party.  The service was phenomenal!  I was very excited and appreciative about how they handled our group on last minute notice.  The drinks were great as well as the food.  I will definitely come back.   Thanks Hot Chocolate for making my Birthday great!The first time I went here was a couple years ago, and I wasn't impressed by the overly priced desserts.  But I tried it again last weekend for dessert and loved it.  I can't remember what we got exactly (they haven't updated their online menu.)  One was a heart shaped carrot cake with strawberries and creme fraiche.  I wanted to lick the plate clean!  The other was a chocolate souffle with a fancy pretzel.  I just wish this place wasn't so crowded all the time.  But I guess that just means everybody loves it!I went there with the other half last night for desert.  There aren't a lot of choices as far as desert goes, but even with the small selection it's nearly impossible to choose which one to order.  I got a medium hot chocolate and the "thoughts on a peanut butter cup" while the other half got a chocolate malt milk shake and "chocolate #1".  All items were beyond expectations.  The peanut butter mousse was melt in your mouth fantastic.  The salted caramel ice cream that came with Chocolate #1 was sensational.  The hot chocolate was thick and tasty, but the home made marshmallow was to die for.ONE IMPORTANT NOTE:  If you are getting decadent beverages, share a dessert.  We had WAYYYY too much to eat and HAD to finish it because it was so delicious.  We were uncomfortably full when we left.Desserts are twelve each and beverages are about six each.It only got four stars because the atmosphere was far more pretentious than necessary.  I think it would have been more fun and enjoyable if it were a little more laid back.I was visiting Chicago & had read about Hot Chocolate & knew I had to make the short trip to Wicker Park to try it. It was the best restaurant I tried on my visit to Chicago! I split a medium hot chocolate with a friend and got the Choc #2 for dessert. I didn't try any of the actual food, so I can't speak to that.... the desserts were fabulous though! Also, the waitress we had was really sweet & made great recommendations.I agree with Ryan H., as if I lived in Chicago as well, I'd be in trouble! Hit this place on one of the cooler Fall days while taking in the best of what Chicago had to offer. They were dead, which was nice, as well as hosting a photo shoot of their gorgeous treats. We did the Mexican hot chocolates! They were money, but based on my many a trip South of the Border, could have used some rum, Kahlua or some other deelish concoction to relax the shoulder s bit! All in, they were still money!so in a seridipitous move last night, we not only ended up with Bulls tickets but also dined at Hot Chocolate.We both shared one starter of the Shrimp N Grits: Hunter style Plapp Farm grits, black tiger shrimp, red onion, cremini mushroom, bacon and smoked tomatoes, was a terrific dish, the hit of the night.My wife had a cassoulet which was so-so.I had the Lamb Creama Kasa sandwich: sourdough flatbread with house-made lamb sausage, Carr Valley Krema Kasa cheese, wild arugula oregano oil served with pickled beets. A good sandwich.After the fantastic starter, we were let down by our entrees which were good/ok. I know it probably is blasphemy but we didn't have any desserts.What can I say but "wow." I took my daughter here for a little holiday treat. Skipping the usual high tea, I thought this would be more fun. I haven't had hot chocolate like this since my honeymoon in Paris. Bought my husband a bacon chocolate cookie. Because I couldn't refuse. Next time I'm coming with the husband for dinner and drinks. Dessert goes without saying.I've been to this restaurant a couple of times and everything that I've tried is super rich but so good. My favorite drink there is the black and tan. It's a hot chocolate beverage that is equivalent to crack. I can't get enough of it. The only caveat that I have is that the food portions are dainty. I guess it's probably of normal portion but being a glutton the portions didn't meet my standards. I would highly recommend this place for dessert. The desserts are excellent.Readers, please bear in mind that this review is strictly for the hot chocolate and ambianceIf you visit Hot Chocolate in the evening, it feels like a lounge/cafe - a gd place to chill. The place is simply decorated, dimly lighted. Fancy is out of its dictionary. But I really like it. a chill place to spend quality time with friends or date. The hot chocolate is bomb. It doesnt taste very heavy or dense. It's very well prepared- smooth and chocolaty. Drop their home made marshmallow into the drink, it makes the drink even more fun. You can tell that they don't skimp on quality. Overall, I like it better than Max Brenner's.I went here about a year ago.  We went on a Tuesday night with a reservation at 7, and didn't get out until after 10.  The service was extremely slow and they messed up our checks at the end and then took forever to correct them.  I thought I was never going to get out of there.  The food was decent but I would never go back after that experience, and everyone I was with felt the same.  It was an extremely frustrating experience- I never expected dinner to take over 3 hours on a weeknight when everyone has work the next day!We came here for dessert for a birthday party the other night with about 8 people. They gave us the private room, and were soooo accommodating. They were running a little behind, so they gave us the donuts sticks in chocolate and they were unreal. I ordered a milkshake, and I will tell you, I'm a big time milkshake fan, and that was the best milkshake I have ever had. The table ordered many desserts, and a few sides like the pretzels and cheese and best pretzel I have ever had!Would give this a 4.5, but how smoothly everything went at Hot Chocolate, as opposed to the 2 hour wait at Hubbard Inn (last night), I decided to give them 5 stars. My boyfriend and I came here from Los Angeles on a recommendation of a friend who lives here and actually went to culinary school. I saw that the overall rating as 4 stars on yelp and got really excited. Since I came to Chicago on a business trip, with a limited food stipend, I decided to check out restaurant.com. AMAZINGLY, they have a $25 certificate on here. Everything went smoothly with this restaurant and the food was quite good. What we had: Starter: - Mac n Cheese - very average, not sure why it was in "its own cater gory" Meals (boyfriend and I split both entrees) - Steak - pretty good; recommended - Lamb and Krema Kasa - not at all what I expected, but it was awesome (but a little on the greasy side)! Dessert - One banana, two banana bread pudding - AMAZING - Affogato - a little to rich/sweet for me, but it was good - Chamomile tea - nice that they use actual chamomile flowers, and not just a tea bag Wine: - I had 2 glasses of Riesling with dinner; it was good enough :) PROS: - Made reservations on Monday for Thursday for 2 people at 8 pm and it was no issue at all (unlike some other restaurants I had called)- Got a restaurant.com coupon - YAY! - Changed my reservation at around 7 pm to 8:30 pm with no hesitation - Walked in at 8:45 and was immediately seated - Presented the restaurant.com certificate at the beginning and didn't get the look from my server that you sometimes get (bc they think you are not going to order a lot or they think you are cheap) - Since we were seated close to the pay station/where the servers enter their orders, we had a lot of opportunities to ask our server about recommendations and just casually chat. She made a comment about us devouring the Bread Pudding, and I was like yeah it was great, but I didn't understand all the rave on the mac n' cheese. Unexpectedly, a few mins later when she brought our bill, I saw that she took the mac n cheese off the total. I totally did not expect this at all - super nice. And of course I tipped on the original total and then some - Price (esp with the $25 off certificate) was VERY reasonable. CONS: - Not much to complain, but would say that the tables are very close to each other.My friend and I went there on a Tuesday night around 8 PM and the place was packed. We both had the burger and it was amazing!  After dinner, we had two Hot Chocolates (carmel and dark) and WOW. Awesome.  And had a chocolate dessert. The food was out of this world. Unfortunately, we had a bad server. All restaurants have one and got it. He didn't really take good care of us and our dinner took over 2 hours.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.Love this place.  Great option for a date, friends or family meal or a post dinner dessert stop.  I have not eaten dinner there, bit have enjoyed dessert a few times.    They have a mix of traditional and unique desserts, always utilizing seasonal fruits.  Shakes and donuts are always a great selection.The service is always fantastic.  The ambiance is casual or dressy, always a mix of people when I have gone in. They have valet parking which is also nice since the area is very congested in the evening with limited street parking.The drinks were amazing, the eggplants parmesan was jaw dropping and the apples dessert in the seasonal menu was to die for! My next visit to Chicago will include Hot Chocolate most indefinitely.friendly staff, relaxed /interesting atmosphere, and delicious food. Portions are smaller than typical though. I think the food portions were perfect for us, but smoothie was really small (served in the thinnest glass I've ever seen for smoothies). we went there for brunch and loved it. definitely want to go back for dinner!!I had a great all-around breakfast experience; sat at the bar. Mimosa, Bloody Mary both fantastic--coffee was way too strong (though I appreciate that they make it by the cup and deliver the french press to you). Doughnuts with raspberry preserves were amazing! Quiche was a little bland; french toast was tasty but forgettable. Service was the highlight of the experience.Really good service, delicious desserts and cocktails, 4 out of 5 stars for the dinner menu which delivers the occasional "miss".This used to be my favorite restaurant. It is close by, cozy, and uses ingredients from small local farms-what more can I ask for? I love their mussels-ask for extra bread, your going to want it, their burger, and at brunch the salad with grilled chicken. My only problem is lately its hit or miss. The food is always good but sometimes its better than others. Not sure why. Also I know I've complained of this before but I hate those small tables! I know your trying to fit in as many people as possible, but come on! What if I was super fat? I have a hard time squeezing in as it is, all the while putting my butt next to someones food and in another couples face! I hate it each time. However, that won't keep me away. I'm sure I will be back once again....I always am.Awesome.We went for dinner.  The food is fine dining quality, but the atmosphere is relaxed and not at all pretentious.  We started with the asparagus, kettle chips and onion dip, split a steak with foie gras butter and a crab cake sandwich for dinner, and dessert was the skillet souffle and all American chocolate cake.  Everything was fantastic.  The dip was so cold that it was a little hard to get on the chips, but that was my only nitpick, and it really wasn't a big deal at all.  The steak was the best I've ever had, and the skillet souffle was the best thing I've ever eaten.  Highly recommend, but also highly recommend a reservation.The newly reconstituted hot chocolate is a new fave. Great food, great service. Didn't have roommate for their justly famous desserts so waiter gave me a couple of cookies to go! Yum.Great atmosphere.  Casual but can be a nice place to go to on a date.  The husband and I just went for dessert and had their choco dipped donuts w/ caramel popcorn.  The donuts are not the soft krispy kremes kind so do nut come expecting that but they are fresh and a nice treat.  The caramel popcorn was so delicious I did not even need to dip them in the chocolate.my favorite restaurant in chicago!  they have some of the best cocktails i've had in this town - love the negroni of the day option (bartender alex is amazing).  savory food is excellent, always fresh, always seasonal.  excellent burger.  and of course, the desserts are to die for.  the banana foster dessert is my favorite - perfect play of temperatures and textures.  we love to sit at the bar - especially early on a weeknight when it's not crowded - bartenders are always friendly - excellent, low key, delicious dining experience.I'd suggest going here with friends.  It's a little too loud to chat, but you'll need some pals to have an excuse to order many items of the tempting menu.  Anyway, you'll be too busy passing the delicious concoctions back-and-forth that talking won't really be at the top of mind.To quote the last reviewer, "Mmmmm!"This is the only place I have ever been to, ever, that my first bite brought tears to my eyes.  I've had the best hot chocolate I've ever experienced.  I've had things that sounded so strange I was sure they wouldn't taste good - but they did.  Even the cookies were to die for!  I've had dessert here quite a few times (never dinner - my budget is just too tight) and never been disappointed.I've been here twice with my girlfriend, and both times I've not been impressed.  What's even more disappointing is that Chef. Mindy Segal isn't presenting anything that's worthy of a James Beard nomination (unless their standards have dropped recently).Ambiance.  It's frickin loud!  We first went on a Saturday, and I sort of expected there to be noise.  But when we went on a Tuesday, it was equally as loud.  There's always some weird industrial-ish music playing at full blast.  Plus, the tables are crammed together, so I'm hearing people's conversations on both sides of me.Service.  Our first waiter was... strange.  I wish I could give something more descriptive, but he lacked social graces and was awkward to deal with.  The second waiter would always poke me in the back to get my attention.  It was probably because he couldn't fit between the tables since we were squished in there like sardines.  It was quite annoying!Food.  The first time I went, I had the tuna melt.  It was presented very nicely, but it was a very disappointing sandwich with a very pungent odor.  Kitch'n can make a better one with just canned tuna.  For dessert, I had a seasonal dish: the sweet corn ice cream with fruit.  I like to think I'm open to new culinary experiences, but this was plain foul.  The corn was overwhelming and really felt out of place with the rest of the dish.For my second visit, I just had the Chocolate #1.  This was quite good actually!  But... it wasn't award winning.I suppose what I find most offensive is how everything is presented very nicely, but you end up getting sub-par food.  A week before this, my girlfriend and I went to Green Zebra for dinner and had probably one of the most amazing dining experiences ever.  Do yourself a favor and go there instead!People rave about the Mac & Cheese, but I'm here to tout the short ribs. Awesome.My girlfriend and I were perusing the menu for easily 20 minutes unable to decide, so Mindy and our extremely helpful server walked through nearly every item on the menu with us.It goes without saying: save room for dessert. We had the citrus: Meyer lemon and fromage blanc baked alaska, vanilla bean and ruby  grapefruit sorbet, citrus scented tapioca, in a warm blood orange consommé.I am borderline 3 stars and 4 stars. I would say 3.5 stars. It is a FUN, relaxing place, BUT VERY pricey and fairly loud. The food is excellent, and the desserts WOW! Service was also pretty excellent, but altogether you are not going to get a meal here for under $100.00 for 2 of you... Maybe because you have to do the FULL course while you're here, otherwise, why'd you go? DO the Hot Chocolate, do the wine, dine yourself and finish off with a latte and dessert. Fun place for a first or second date- if you're willing to spend the money. Tables a bit close together along the back wall, but altogether FUN place!Had brunch here with my wife.  We started with a plate of sweets (their delicious selection of breads) and two hot chocolates - a medium and a "black and tan".  All of it was out of this world - the breads were rich, wonderfully prepared, and had a great variety of flavors - nuts, cinnamon, frosting, buttermilk, and more.  The hot chocolate was incredible - the quality of the chocolate immediately jumped out, and it was hot but not scalding.For the meal I had the buttermilk pancake (heavy on the butter, wonderful maple syrup, fantastic apple topping) and my wife had the breakfast biscuit (sausage, egg and cheese on a buttermilk biscuit).  We enjoyed it all and left stuffed and happy (with leftovers!).  I'd write more, but I'm running out of superlatives.  We're definitely going back, and will save room for dessert.Hmmmmm...in a few words? Quintessential decadence? For amazing desserts, look no further than Hot Chocolate. As the name implies, they serve a mean cup of HC, rich and deep in multiple flavors (dark to light to Mexican spiced to a small scoop of coffee nib ice cream and with fudge), it's a $7 glass, but so very worth it for the chocolate aficionado. And the dessert? I always had a respect for dessert, but Mindy Seagal (head chef, I believe) brings it to a whole nother level! She brings you on the exploration of an ingredient, aptly numbering her desserts (Chocolate #23, Banana #14). Each one a whimsical journey through the limitless possibilities of the one flavor, enhanced and displayed in so many scrumptious ways.... I can't keep writing...I'm salivating too much... XD In short, like dessert? Love chocolate? Head out the Hot Chocolate on Damen for an unforgettable experience.First off, I haven't read the other bazillion reviews, but I'm sure that I'm not the first person to say, the DESSERTS are the star here. Don't get me wrong -- my husband and I had our anniversary dinner there last night and nothing we had was "bad", just some things could have used a little more TLC. Our frisee salad was not horrible, but my poor beau could have used more than one vegetarian option. My kobe steak was nicely spiced, just a touch underdone for my usual taste, but had to send it back nonetheless because it arrived to our table COLD.  My side vegetables were charred to the point where all I could taste was char.The half-price wine was nice, but it just seems like the whole place was a little inflexible. We had a reservation, and yet I still couldn't be seated until my husband came in after parking the car. We asked for the appetizers first, and the salad to split, and the waitress said "Well the kitchen prefers to have it all fired at the same time so you're not waiting forever for your entrees." Honestly, we weren't in any hurry, we don't mind waiting because we were having a nice time, but whatever.To sum-up, desserts are fabu - particularly the Banana and Butterscotch. And of course, the namesake hot chocolate, it actually makes me want to have a chilly night to enjoy it again! Maybe we should take a cue from the two other tables around us and just come in for them alone next time.I went for Saturday brunch  with my mom. We shared the mexican hot chocolate which was the best hot chocolate I've tasted ever. Thick, rich, and had some kick with the cinnamon. The doughnuts were rich and piping hot. the raspberry  sauce  was natural and not sweet which balanced the sugar of the doughnuts. Mom had the quiche  which was amazing - the one with cheese, fingerling potatoes and  crimini mushrooms.  The quiche was soft and the crust was buttery, light and flaky.  I had the  french toast which was excellent especially with the lemon creme and cranberry compote.  It was  rich and the sausages were amazing. Excellent food and great service.oh how i really wanted to like this place! After reading all the great reviews on yelp and how it had the one of the best burgers in Chicago from Chicago mag, my crew was excited for burgers. We ended up having two appetizers and burgers for everyone. The appetizers were meh and the burgers were waaay salty and greasy. I mean we all felt like we were eating a greasy salt lick. The boy was so upset that he didn't even want to take our partially eaten burgers to go. :( Sorry Hot Chocolate! The only redeeming factor was that the service was excellent and the dessert was good. So all in all we all probably just wished we came here for desserts and drinks only.Very disappointing is the best I can say about this place. From the hard uncomfortable chairs to the very limited dinner menu, I was seriously disappointed by this restaurant. My family went here and it was a bad experience from beginning to end. Our drinks were poorly mixed and sour. My sister and I ordered the flank steak. She order hers medium and I went for medium well. Well, her steak was raw and cold and mine was slightly warmer but raw. We both took them home and cooked them after removing the unflattering herbs that they were coated in. We all commented on the good reviews that we had heard about this place only to experience a really unsatisfying and unappetizing meal. Yes, the desserts were impressive. But for a complete dining experience, go some place else for dinner and then drop by later for a dessert item. The one saving grace was the wait staff. Our waiter was a dear and really could sense that we were not pleased. He really saved the whole experience since we were ready to leave after the appetizers and drinks.   This restaurant should have stuck with what it was good at which is desserts. The rest of the menu is over priced and not tasty at all.I have been to Hot Chocolate a couple of times now. The first time, I was not impressed by the service, but gave them the benefit of doubt, that it may have been a busy night. But, me and my husband have been there 2 times since then and there is always a long wait. The last time when we entered we had to wait for 10 minutes before the hostess came and acknowledged our presence (mind you - she passed by us a couple of times, but we were completely ignored). Ultimately, we had to approach her and ask her if we could put our name down on the waiting list. There were a couple of groups standing next to us, who seemed upset about this as well. Even though they have good desserts, their customer service has been terrible, which makes us think twice before going there for dessert!The service was amazing and the food was delicious. Indulge!We came here for dinner last night with high expectations. And it was nice, but unfortunately, it didn't really live up to our hopes.On the Pluses: we liked the interior, which is nicely done and has a cozy atmosphere, even though a bit crowded. Service was really friendly (although I noticed only 1 server for the entire dining area). And the wines he picked out were really good.As for the food - overall, would just have to say everything was a bit too much. We had the pretzel, beet salad, and short rib w/ cauliflower side. The pretzel was good, but with the fondue and mustard, everything was a bit too salty. And very filling. The short ribs and cauliflower were tasty, but maybe a bit rich. The beet salad was really nice, though. Put everything together, though -itl was a bit heavy and rich.Similarly, the desert was pretty good - Choco #1. But, for us, a little bit too much on the sweet side, both the chocolate and the butterscotch. This is probably really okay with a lot of diners, so you may really like it. For us, we could just have used maybe a bit more restraint.One more thing - I would say this restaurant is more than moderately priced. Almost all entrees were $25, so with drinks, apps, and desert(s), it adds up. Portions aren't bad though, if you're into sharing.Every time I've gone to Hot Chocolate, I've reached dessert and realized that I've already overdone it, but... who the hell goes to Hot Chocolate and skips dessert? In fact, I want one of their freshly made peanut butter milkshakes RIGHT NOW.This place rocks. The desserts are so good that their quality alone could carry the restaurant, but the entrees are just as excellent. It's another of my go-to restaurants for taking out-of-town friends. And one Sunday night, Mindy Siegel Herself Hallowed Be Thy Name came to our table and apologized for the hour-long wait, which I thought was an extremely cool thing to do.We had an out-of-town visitor with us on Friday night, and we raved about Hot Chocolate for dessert, having had a good experience there in the past. Our party of six came in and were told there would be a wait - maybe 15-20 minutes. We sat patiently while group after group came in, waited and then were seated. Not once did anyone come over to our group and give us an update, and there seemed to be no consideration given when we finally made the decision to leave after waiting for 45 minutes.There is no doubt that the food here is terrific, and we will probably come back again, albeit with a smaller group. But the customer service displayed that night was really inexcusable and left us embarrassed in front of our out-of-town guest.Atmosphere was lively, place was clean and cozy, and the decor contemporary. The service was very friendly too. I had a cappuccino with one of the chocolate cakes, both were divine. The coffee was perfectly hot. I would go back and back. I really want to try the creme brulee.  Gave it 4 stars only because the place needs better central air.Don't go here if you're abstaining from pork. Happens that most things we ordered were sprinkled liberally with pancetta. Rich food to match the rich hot cocoa. Brown in the bathroom, brown in the dining room, dim lighting... it's the warm and sensual ambiance that completes the experience, not the food alone.A great brunch spot in Bucktown/Wicker Park. The wait time is magnitudes shorter than the Bongo Room and the food is just as good.  The bad: Their French Press coffee can be rather shitty - so order espresso instead There is a 0.5 probability of getting a bad serviceBest burgers and Desert in the area.I want to go back before casting a vote on this place.  Had brunch with girlfriends at Hot Chocolate over the weekend, but from the other reviews I'm convinced my so-so impression of the food may have been the result of bad ordering.  My French press coffee was delish, and everyone seemed to die over their hot chocolate with homemade marshmallows.  We also loved how the kitchen is wide open, inviting you to watch the staff work in impressively clean conditions.  Reminded me of the final restaurant scene in Spanglish.Still, my brioche French toast was a little heavy on the orange and the organic sausage had a funky flavor. Others who got a scramble seemed pleased.  I think next time I will opt for a savory meal and take my sugar in liquid form.Went with friends and daughter for lunch, and we started with the Mexican hot chocolate and that was delicious. Then we order the doughnut so we can share yummy. When it came down to order that was tough because they have lots to choose from.....but I order the French toast and that was to die for and my daughter had the English muffin she loved it specially the potatoes that come with it. I will definitely go there again but next time for dinner..... =)Went for brunch and so good!  I sat at the bar with a friend and we split the sweets with a friend which was so yummy.   I went for the buttermilk biscuit which was delicious delicious  I also had to obviously have hot chocolate.  I had the black and tan and OMG I still taste it.  I suggest you check it out!!This was my first time at Hot Chocolate, but it did not disappoint.  From the moment we walked in, the staff was very attentive.  Although only 2 out of our party of 5 was there, our table was ready and she happily seated us.  The service did not disappoint the rest of the night either.  I had the wedge salad with crab louie dressing.  It was a nice twist on a classic.  My entree was the burger, which was great, although I didn't eat the brioche bun, only because I wanted to save room for dessert.  They also have a great homemade potato chips!  The other people in our party, had the mac and cheese, which was wonderful as well as the duck, which was cooked to perfection.  Dessert, of course was amazing, although you need to be prepared for a spike in your sugar levels.  I had the 1 banana 2 banana... which was amazing.  I will definitely be back to Hot Chocolate again!We went here for brunch today and everything was delicious. We got the English Muffin sandwich (the whole thing was weirdly fried in butter and super greasy...but also delicious) and the smoked fish platter (perfect. just perfect). One pet peeve: both of our hot drinks arrived totally lukewarm. Otherwise though, I would totally recommend this spot. I appreciated that it was noon on a Saturday and we had no wait, despite it being in a busy part of town.Don't get me wrong, I LOVE their namesake drink: hot chocolate, with those homemade, scrumptious marshmallows, but... after four visits I think it may be hopeless.  I have tried, and tried, and tried, to catch a good server here and it's just not happening.  Each time I'm there, whether it's with a few girlfriends or with my boyfriend, I have received snooty, rude service.  How, in this day of service-driven restaurants, can servers (and restaurant owners for that matter ) afford to be so rude?  I'm talking way beyond the semi-often inattentiveness you get at a busy place that's often a wait.  What I'm talking about is the guy behind the bar who, on my last visit, actually rolled his eyes at me when I asked to order a breakfast sandwich without the meat - because I don't eat meat.  He tried to talk me out of it, even though I insisted that the sandwich, with all the rest of it's yummy-sounding ingredients, sounded great to me.  He did the same thing, BTW, when I asked for my hot choco of choice over ice.  Um, just because it's chilly outside doesn't mean I can't order an iced beverage.  What do you care, dude???I could've gotten over the long wait to be seated; I could've gotten over the fact that I have had to beg for water refills on more than one occasion; I could've gotten over the high prices; I will not be able to get over the pretentious, snobby, stick-up-the-you-know-what servers.Please, please, please do something about your servers!  I really want to go back!!!Living in Bucktown, just a few blocks away, I've been here several times over the last two years or so. I go for their brunch on the weekends usually. This place is always packed so be prepared for that. Their entire staff so nice and getting better. I used to have an issue with their old hostess but they've remedied the situation. The new hostess is very nice and is understandably very busy. I don't understand why people think the long wait times are the hostesses fault. It's obviously very busy with a small dining room. Either way the food is worth the wait.   Their menu is constantly changing and is always amazing. I seem to find something new to try every time and have never been disappointed. If you've ever heard anything about the restaurant I don't need to tell you how good the hot chocolate is. It's not even describable. Amazing. The atmosphere, staff and food/desserts are all outstanding.  Highly recommended.oh. my. goodness. I have been so excited to try this restaurant and finally got the opportunity. Went for brunch with two girlfriends and I will have to say, I will be back again and again. I didn't even try any desserts, but based on the looks of them I have to say they are most likely amazing. My one friend and I split the donuts to begin, and for my entree I had the sweet corn quiche. I'm not usually a huge fan of quiche, however, this description sounded delectable. And it was.  As for the hot chocolate, I could not decide.  Although knowing that I would indeed be back, I went with the original.  I love a good cup of hot chocolate and this cup was one of the best.  The homemade marshmallow is a very nice touch.I can't wait to go back and try more!Everything was delicious, but nothing was hot! Our whole table sent back the hot chocolates (which were rich enough to split between two) because they were barely over room temperature. The changing menu is refreshing and staff were very inspiring and helpful. Delicious cheeses, great marshmallows, cozy lounge for waiting with free coffee. I'll go back!Oh my lord. First off this is a bar and not a cafe. Dark lighting, candles on tables sort of bar. People are very friendly and not pretentious. Food is amazing. I had the shrimp and gritsI have been here for brunch and dinner on multiple occasions, and I love it. The sweets are great, but the savory dishes are really exceptional as well. Definitely worth it if you are in the area.The food was ok.  I think this place might be great for dessert but went there for brunch today and wasn't impressed.  I ordered a ham and egg sandwich and it was super heavy.  I expected it to be somewhat greasy but was not only greasy but it came on an english muffin that was so thick and I couldn't cut though it with my knife.  My friend got the egg salad sandwich and it was good but nothing special.  I asked the waitress about the hot chocolate to try to understand how sweet they were and her response was it's hot's chocolates it's sweet.  Her snarky remark was unappreciated and unhelpful.  I ordered a hot chocolate anyway and I was really good but I couldn't drink all of it because it was too rich.Went to Hot Chocolate last night.  It's an all-around solid experience: mostly great food, great decor, and great service. The deserts, especially the black-and-tan hot chocolate, and the cocktails (Bloody Bijoux) were especially delicious.  We were disappointed in the Mac-n-Cheese (too heavy), and also in the extraordinarily long wait (we were told 30 minutes and it ended up being more like 75 minutes).First of all, i have been to hot chocolate before for just dessert at the bar, and was very impressed. So impressed that I had been trying to have dinner here for a few months without ever being able to snag a reservation, but finally did with a large group (7 people). Our reservation was for 8pm, and we started getting worried when the only large tables in the restaurant still had entrees sitting in front of the people at 815... but we were very happy when the hostess said that Mindy the owner wanted to buy us all a round of drinks to apologize for the backup in reservations. So we all happily ordered $12+ dollar cocktails and patiently waited. By 845, we still had not been seated, and we were getting annoyed when Mindy came out to personally talk to us. She was extremely nice and sweet and told us that she was going to have her fiancee take care of us and that we'd forget we ever waited. We did not sit down until 915pm, which was kind of a extremely long wait for people who had a reservation, but whatever. We got free stuff and an apologu for the wait.When we sat down, we had complimentary appetizers brought out (YUM YUM YUM pretzels!!) which was another very nice gesture. Mindy came back out and asked how everything was... and the only complaint i had was that it took 40+ minutes to get our bottle of wine that we ordered. One of us had gotten our mixed drink before the wine showed up, and we got our appetizers of scallops and cheese before the wine. Other than that - AMAZING appetizers, yummy wine. For entrees, the majority of the table got the lamb sandwich on sourdough bread.... it was SO delicious, the lamb was so juicy and tender and it came with this super yummy hummus tasting side (dipping sauce) that i am not quite sure what it was, but it was great!!To further apologize for the wine taking a long time, Mindy brought us out a dessert platter on the house of warm donuts and carmel corn.... another unexpected awesome touch!! too bad we had ordered 3 desserts becasue we were too stuffed to barely touch them! The mexican hot chocolate is still my favorite drink here, so declious and just the right amount of kick in it with the cayenne pepper. Hot chocolate is still amazing, but i think that it is better for just dessert and drinks than dinner, although the dinner was still solidly good too!uhhhh, AMAZING. French press coffee and French toast with malted vanilla whip cream was ridiculous. I want it NOW. This place rules. For reals. Having trouble eating anywhere else. I compare every other brunch with it now. Thanks a lot.My friends and I came here to celebrate a friend's engagement and it was perfect!  We did drinks, appetizers and desserts.  All the food was delicious.  I would recommend over and over again.I love Mindy's! The food is consistently great. They just remodeled and it looks good inside. Definitely a place to get cozy in the winter. BUT, its always packed and hard to get a reservation. Don't even think about walking in, it won't happen.Went here for lunch on a Friday afternoon. It was pleasantly not crowded and our waiter was amazing. We tried the Shrimp and Grits and the Mac and Cheese both were good but we decided later we should have just picked one as we were very full by the end of the meal. I got the crab cake sandwich  and my husband got the lamb and crema kasa. Both of which were excellent. We then moved onto the reason I wanted to go to Hot Chocolate in the first place, dessert! We tried the chocolate skillet cake and the stout and caramel milkshake. Both were really good but I think I liked the milkshake better.  And to top it all off we took some iced hot chocolate to go, I would highly recommend  the Mexican Hot chocolate, it had the right amount of spice and heat.Wow, the food is wonderful, probably some of the best I have had on awhile. The server we had made the whole experience wonderful. I highly recommend this place. The dinner took quite awhile, but it was worth it!The chef's are amazing. Mac and Cheese is even better the next day. The hot chocolate was rich, full and lovely. When a family or friend coms into town this is always the first place we go. The tea selection could have been better matched with the food.Went for brunch.  Bartender was incredibly unfriendly- seemed like a waiter thats just been this far, far too long.  Food was okay-nothing to write home about.  For all the hype I heard, I would say it was really disappointing.  I might go back and try dessert as I have heard that they are awesome at that, but thats about it.My friend and I were in a happy place the entire time we were there. The mac and cheese is as good as it gets. You really need a spoon to eat it. Then we split the rabbit entree with homemade gnocchi...the flavors were outstanding. We were going to split a dessert, but after looking at the menu we had to get two. The malted milk ball is a dead ringer for the real thing and the bananas was pretty good also.The cocktails were alright but the Derringer is suuuuper strong (and not really in a good way). Our server was a bit MIA, but it was a busy Saturday and everything was so good we hardly needed her. The food really stands alone and makes up for any of their other weaker spots.I'm not going to lie, I like the hot chocolate at Milk and Honey better.  The food wasn't great and the stools at the bar suck.  Maybe I just ordered wrong but I won't be going back to figure it out.I went to Hot Chocolate for brunch on a Sunday morning with a group of ~ 6 friends.We did not have to wait long, our food was excellent, and the service was also very good. My medium steak (from the steak and eggs brunch menu) was described as "perfect" by friends. The hot chocolate I ordered (Light egg nog) was probably one of the best I've ever had.On the down side, things were a little pricey. I spent  22.10 for a steak and eggs brunch meal with one mug of hot chocolate. The decor appeared as if a lot of thought were put into it. There was material there that I would not want a child to see, and I did not really want to see myself, but other than that, everything was classy, stylish, and nice in terms of the scenery/upholstery, etc.I would wholeheartedly recommend this place to anyone if it were not for the decor.The good - banana bread pudding was fantasticThe bad - ate dinner at the bar, and was served by a bartender who was thoroughly full of himself - sorta like Tom Cruise in "Cocktail" without the height or charisma.  Reluctantly gave a tip.The so-so - while the burger was $13, it was not a $13 burger.  Better off going to Choppers on Ashland.  Duck was OK, but way overpriced at around $25.The ugly - the final tab for what we got.James Beard Award winner?  You must be kidding.  If you enjoy being served cold food by slack-jawed, mouth-breathing twenty-somethings, this is the place for you!!!  What a joke!  Avoid this disaster!Stopped by after brunch the other day with some friends. It was my first time and although the dining area was closed (it was 3 PM) we were seated in the lounge. Very trendy interiors and the decor was in different shades of brown. I like brown, so I loved the chocolate-themed setting.We ordered dark, mild and black+tan and two types of cookies (peanut butter and something else) and a miniature cupcake (probably the size of my big toe). The service is excellent. Very friendly and attentive staff.The food was decadently rich, smooth, creamy... everything you would expect out of any specialty chocolatier. I loved the fudge in my dark+tan drink. I also liked that it was not too sweet and that the flavor of the chocolate was discernible. The ambiance was great, I only wished the lounge benches had backrests for me to lean back after a sip! Mindy's doesn't skimp on the quality of ingredients and the drinks/desserts made me feel contented! My friends loved their marshmallows. We actually asked for water to cleanse our palates.I saved one star because -1. The portion sizes were inconsistent. Firstly, my drink (dark+tan) was perfectly sized. However, I thought the sizes of the hot chocolate drinks (dark, mild) were too large. They were served in s'bux styled over-sized cups and for something as rich as Mindy's its just excessive.2. The cookies had chilled cream in between (more like a cookie sandwich) that did not necessarily add to the taste experience. I thought it made it messier to eat as the cream warmed up and started to melt.3. The lounge chairs definitely need back rests!I love the food at this place!  Everything I've had has been amazing.  Tuna melt = awesome.  Of course the desserts and hot chocolate are incredible.   The last time I was there they ran out of the 2 items I tried  to order from the menu (this forced me to order something new, and I was not disappointed).   I also tried to call to make a reservation several times, and the person I spoke with on the phone was not very friendly or helpful and practically hung up on me while I was about to ask a question.  So I just made a reservation somewhere else that night.  That's the only complaint I have; everything else has been great.We went just for dessert - it was so amazing.  I had a cup of dark hot chocolate (with homemade marshmallow) - delish!  My husband had the "Chocolate number one" - souffle with salted caramel ice cream.  I had the doughnuts with chocolate sauce and caramel popcorn.  We overdosed - in a very good way.  Can't wait to come back to Chicago and try dinner.  And dessert, again.Expensive for brunch? You betcha!!  The very first time I tried HC I have o admit it left me sort of flat.  I'm so glad I decided to give it another try.  Met some friends there this morning and it was oh so good!  Started out with the half n half (espresso w/dark chocolate), a nice pastry selection and shrimp and grits.  The grits had just the right amount of "heat".  My girlfreinds also enjoyed their dishes.  I can't wait to go back and try them for dinner....Had omelet and fish plates for brunch. Not worth the prices. Service just okay. You may want to stick to dessert and go somewhere else for brunch.The food was good.  It won't knock your socks off, but it was alright.   Hot chocolate was the best part of the meal, but this should be a given. The tables are close together, so it felt like I was having dinner with the couple next to me.  That got annoying especially since this is a date place and the setting isn't conducive to a private conversation.  The server brought us the wrong appetizer, but made up for it by comping the appetizer.  She didn't have to do that, mistakes happen. I was just  glad she wasn't  one of the snobby, hipster servers that seem ubiquitous in Wicker Park restaurants.  She was nice and she made good recommendations. Will probably be back.I love chocolate, but the hostess at Hot Chocolate treated my group terrible from the moment we walked in.  We had come in only to get hot chocolate to go.  My sister was visiting from Minnesota, and on a previous trip in the summer she had been on a food tour that visited Hot Chocolate.  During the food tour she fell in love with Hot Chocolate, even though she is not a big chocolate fan.  To my disappointment the trip to Hot Chocolate was discouraging and frustrating.  Although there was only about a handful of people in the location, we were ignored as though they were extremely busy and packed.  As we waited to see if we could get a beverage to go, or if anyone was going to acknowledge our existence the frustration grew.  There were also others that walked in, were not acknowledged and ended up leaving.   I will not be coming back to Hot Chocolate again, and would discourage any of my friends from going there due to the lack in service.We went there for dinner last night. Having had a truly awful morning I called as soon as they opened for an 8:30 reservation. When we arrived at the restaurant that night our table was ready, our server was attentive, and best of all when I said that the dish I wanted (shrimp & grits) wasn't on the menu our server volunteered to ask if the kitchen would make it just for us. They did & it was AMAZING. Then we had a black & tan (hot chocolate with hot fudge) that more than made up for bad day. My husband & I love this place and much as it pains me to risk not being able to get a table easily I have to tell the world to go enjoy the delicious food and stellar service. Our only quibble is the size of the space and even that is relative, since on a quiet night it's perfect. But I'm imagining the hordes descending and I think they might need to expand to accommodate their fans.Great atmosphere. Good food. Really good hot chocolate.I tried the one with 1/4 dark chocolate and espresso and I will have the same thing my next visit. The water is in pretty glass bottles. Its the perfect place to have lunch with your girlfriends.A bit on the pricey side.  The food looks and sounds good, but does not live up to expectations.  Maybe it was a busy Thursday night, but it seemed most things were way too salty.To start, we got the mussels, which were fantastic.  We wanted to get the pork belly, but were recommended not to by the waitress, who said the quality was not up to par this particular night.  That was awkward.  The pretzel is on the heavy side, more like a dense bread, and has way too much salt on it.  The duck breast is delicious.  However, the duck jus, which the vegetables and mushrooms are in was waaaayyyy tooooo salty.  The accompanying panisse was bland, heavy and unremarkable.  The lamb sandwich was tasty, though very drippy, greasy and cheesy, making the bread a tad soggy.Chocolate #1, the souffle served with salty caramel ice cream and a pretzel cracker was mediocre.  While the flavors seemed fine, the souffle itself seemed underdone.  I think they hid the fact that it collapsed by plopping a scoop of melty ice cream smack on top of it.  The outside of the souffle (sides and bottom) was crispy, bordering on hard, with a very very thin layer of cake texture, and the majority of it in the middle being liquid chocolate.  The caramel ice cream was okay, and a little salty as advertised, and the pretzel cookie was just plain salt.  Underwhelming.If I were to ever go back, I might try the pork belly appetizer, the pork chop entree and the desserts, but I am hesitant, seeing as the quality seemed so inconsistent given the price.The hot chocolate is unsurprisingly delicious. But it better be if you're gonna name your restaurant Hot Chocolate, no?The food, on the other hand, is way too expensive. Particularly because it isn't very good. But I've only been here for brunch, so maybe it's just a lot better for dinner. But I'm just gonna go ahead and rate that "unlikely."Walking in the ambiance was beautiful, we were seated immediately on a wonderfully warm autumnal Sunday night. Our waiter was fun, energetic, helpful, and on his game. The food, started with the homemade pretzel starter with two different mustards, it was delicious! We also had the mac&cheese, maybe one of the best I've ever had. We also had the tuna melt, very good. Drinks, we had the pumpkin ale and the hard cider, both were perfect. Overall we had an incredible experience and can't wait to go back.I went here yesterday for brunch and still can't get over how freaking good that hot chocolate is. I will return just for that. I got the pumpkin spice variation which was pumpkin heaven if you ask me. The donuts were also very very good and come with a really tasty fruit jelly. By the time we got to the actual breakfast I think we were a little sugar shocked so my huervos rancheros were good but not great. Everything is eclipsed by the hot chocolate and that enormous homemade marshmallow. Wow is all I can say.bananas foster was absolutely amazing. I split it with a friend and apparently took us 73 seconds to eat. Our friend timed us eating it without our knowing and said "watching two chicks split a dessert is like watching a raven eat roadkill". Yes my friends, it was that good. And the short time span doesn't mean that the portion was small. It was actually rather large. We also ordered the mexican hot chocolate and Im not sure what happened with that. It was seriously like mousse it was so thick. It was honestly undrinkable for a cup of hot chocolate. I think something may have gone wrong? We ate in the front longue area because we couldn't get a seat, which was fine. Service, mehhhh, prices were high, bananas foster was divine.Excellent food and service!  We heard about the rave reviews on their desserts so we started our meal with brioche donuts with caramel popcorn ... OMG ... made to order, hot donuts with the tips sitting in a small pool of warm chocolate then take a few bites of caramel popcorn!  All I could say was, happy, happy! I was immediately transformed back to my happy childhood ... what in the world!?!? Mind and heart immediately captured!Then we had the duck breast salad ... amazing! Perfectly cooked on a bed of spinach with a warm honey vinaigrette .... could it get any better???  Absolutely!!! I capped off my evening with their special ... Beef short ribs (slow cooked for 12 hours(no bones, all meat)) cooked with freshly hand made pappardelle pasta with a light sauce .... it was like pulling the covers up as you take that last great nap before getting up!  Magnificent comfort food!!!  We will return!  A must for all foodies!  Kudos!  Mindy, you ROCK!!!We love the food-taste and presentation- and atmosphere, but it is noisy.  Always a wait, but you can call ahead.  Menu changes weekly.  Hot chocolates with kitchen made marshmallows are great!  Tea selection is excellent; I love the chai.  Biscuits and gravy were awesome.  Donuts and pastries are excellent.  Closes briefly in PM (closed Mondays) and reopens for dinner.I have been to this restaurant twice. Unfortunately, I have not found the right dish for me here. That is a disappointment, but honestly I do not go here for myself.My gf loves this place, and somehow whatever she orders is always better than what I get. Thats how I know that there is good food to be had here.Recently, on my gf birthday I contacted the restaurant about having a special cake made for her and they were happy to help me out. My girfriend works in hospitality so she was much more aware of how awesome Mindy's cake would be, but I did not know when I decided to surprise her with it. The cake was delicious, and Mindy came out and wished my girl a happy birthday which really brought a smile to her face. The waitstaff was attentive and I never felt neglected.Since my gf loves this place and the service is AWESOME. I'm sure we will go back again. (P.S. I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars, but yelp doesnt work that way....)For what this place is, it is as good as it gets.  Small place, great food and owned by a local chef with a proven track records at Trotter's.  I almost knew what I would be getting before I walked in the door.  We ordered a porkbelly reuben and a mac and cheese.  Both were amazing!  The mac and cheese though, was hands down, the best mac and cheese I have ever eaten in any restaurant in my life.  The reuben was amazing as well.  The pork belly was a great chance to the normal corned beef that usually graces the plate.  We got dessert afterwards, the apple napolean, most others were sold out, unfortunately (the most disappointing aspect of the meal.  Do not get me wrong, the dessert was great, but a little too one note for me.  It seemed very focused on apple, which is fine, but the sheer size of the dessert made it seem boring after a few bites.  If this dessert were to be used in a tasting menu application, scaled down by about 80%, it would be phenomenal.  The flavors were great and the presentation was beautiful, just simply too big and too sweet for just eating a large lunch. All in all, I would return to try everything else on the menu.  They had a bread pudding that sounded amazing!We had ben trying to get reservations for weeks at Hot Chocolate, but were never successful, so we finally just gave up and tried breakfast. I am a breakfast lover. It is my favorite meal of the day and the half n half hot chocolate definitely reminded me why i love breakfast so much! The sweets were the best part of the meal. The lemon poppyseed was phenomenal. However, none of us really raved about our main course. The ricotta and eggs was ok, the sausage dish and blt that my friends had didn't seem too impressive. We did like the atmosphere though. It is worth the try, but I have not had a desire to go back. They do change their menu every now and then so maybe we will give it another go. It was extremely loud as well...expected with such a huge crowd.Best bacon cheddar cheeseburger in Chicago!  Ordered medium rare with cheddar and bacon only!  Kind of crazy that the best burger comes from a pastry chef.i feel weird giving this place 5 stars when so far i have only gone there for dessert. so i will review it again once i actually eat food here.however, george and i came here after dinner last week and were able to grab a bench and a little table in their "lounge" area. we both ordered hot chocolate - george got the half and half, which was dark hot chocolate with espresso and i had the medium hot chocolate, which was milk chocolate with a bit of caramel in it. both came with homemade marshmallows. both were very very good. a really fun place to come just for dessert or an after-dinner hot chocolate. it is very busy here, so when we do come for dinner we will definitely be making a reservation - and i recommend you do the same. :)Oh gosh, Chicago people are going to hate me.  Here I go.  I came here with high expectections.  From an unsuccessful attempt waiting for Piece Pizza, my phone rings and my 9pm reservation is available.  After a great introduction of tempting fish from the Scotland trout to the Antartic New Zealandic waters "rawaru" that is only served here at Mindy's AND is the only place in the US to have it, I figured, let's use that inappropriate "YOLO" here and split the thirty dollar rawaru fish, and the mac and cheese which is abundant on the Yelp tips.  The mac and cheese comes quick, and notably, it is good, tasting like a more expensive version of Kraft Pokemon Mac and Cheese.  Then, the magical fish comes out.  The fish is succulent, soft, like no other fish that any Japanese restaurant  or my mother makes.  Though I felt it was on the burnt side, the veggies on the plate did somewhat  help to give it flavor.  All in all, yes, it was plain, but the texture of it cannot be compared to anything else.  Now, onto desserts.  Again, the Yelp tips boast about the doughnuts and the drinking chocolate.  And yes, ordered them.  Unfortunately, drinking the dark chocolate was just to heavy for me.  I mean, really, can you sit down and drink a cup full of chocolate?  I know it was drinkable, but wow, that is way too much chocolate.  The Mexican chocolate had a huge bite to it, but I guess it is due to the abundant spice, or natural cocoa.  I don't know.  The home-made marshmallow was good, but don't put it in the chocolate. EVER.  The doughnuts were not amazing.  I did not like the texture of the dough.  The popcorn on the side is just a push over the edge for me getting a heart attack.  Sorry, this was not as great as I had thought.  World-renowned, famous, award-winning, found you on Frommer's, over a thousand reviews; thought it would be a highlight of my trip.  Maybe I ordered the wrong things, but unfortunately, I have to tell my fellow Los Angelenos not to come here.I would give this a decent review, if it weren't for the fact that I saw some pretty blatant racism going on there. I went on a Saturday with my boyfriend and his parents and we were informed that the kitchen was closed, but that we should feel free to enjoy some hot chocolate and pastries. The employee was very friendly and helpful. HOWEVER, a few minutes later, a large group of African Americans came in and they were blatantly ignored. The woman who was friendly to us didn't even LOOK at them. No one did, in fact. After a few, very awkward minutes, one of the members of the group asked one of the employees something (I couldn't hear) and she replied that the kitchen was closed. No one even informed them that they could order hot chocolate and pastries. Clearly, they were not treated as we had, and I find that kind of behavior utterly disgusting. I will NEVER return because of this.I'm a dessert lover so coming to Mindy's Hot Chocolate solely for dessert was something that was going to happen at some point. I mean, what's not to love about a place that takes dessert so seriously it offers a separate dessert tasting that seriously deconstructs and challenges everything that one thinks about the part of the meal that so many restaurants put as an afterthought. We did it up in true fall fashion though and ordered the pumpkin hot chocolate and pumpkin pot de creme. The pot de creme was akin to pumpkin pie filling served in a little jar (because of course who eats pumpkin pie for the crust?). The pumpkin hot chocolate was a little sweet for my taste as it added pumpkin flavors to a white hot chocolate base and I have to say I preferred the house made marshmallow the hot chocolate came with over the hot chocolate. My biggest gripe though with Mindy's is that it is expensive and I'm not quite sure if they're offering the right level of bang for one's buck. Maybe I ordered wrong and there are things on the menu that are truly transcendental and worth the price but I didn't see it in either of the dishes I tried.Serious staff problems on a Saturday night.  I've been to Hot Chocolate several times but never on a Saturday.  I loved it in the past.  We had 9:30 PM reservations.  We were served our salads after the two tables that sat down after us received their salads - both tables had ordered the Winter Panzenella like I had.  We waited for our next course, and waited, and waited.  The waiter never came back.  Finally we flagged him down and let him know that we thought 1 1/2 hours was too long to wait for the next course - yep, it was now just shy of midnight.  The table 2 over from us finished and left - yep - the people that sat down AFTER us.  The waiter then delivered our next course.  We then ordered a dessert that was speedy but mediocre at best.  We were feeling pretty annoyed at this point.  The people next to us were not happy with their meal.  The chef came over to apologize, give them something, and make arrangements for them to come back.  We sat there pissed since she most likely had absolutely no idea how bad our experience was.  We wrote on the bill and handed it to her.  Hopefully she will investigate what is going on between her kitchen and our waiter.  In the meantime, I suggest you find other restaurants to go to until she has her staff ironed out.has everyone on yelp been here already? did i miss something? it was fanstastic. a new bongo room has been born. welcome to the ranks of eternal chicago dining.I pass by here almost every day on my way back from work or to my apartment, and I'm always intrigued.  The place always seemed so exclusive even though it's a restaurant/dessert bar.  The setting seems to be pretty intimate, and even some of the table seating is close to other tables.  I read the menu outdoors and was enticed to try something.  It is pricey, but I'd be surprised if you could really find much of these desserts elsewhere.  My friend had a black and tan, which was hot chocolate and fudge.  This is like hot chocolate on steroids.  You can easily get a sugar crash from this place.  All the meals around us looked delicious and am convinced I need to come back for dinner at some point.  I ordered the Peach dessert, but they mistakenly brought the strawberry and carrot cake one which was my second choice.  So I ended up getting both!  Both were unique in flavor and tasty in their own right.  I can see why the dessert chef has won awards.  The combination of the items are creative, yet they work well together making for some fabulous concoctions!We were there last Saturday night, and the food and service were excellent.  We had an awesome waiter (I wish I'd have gotten his name!) who gave great descriptions of the food / specials.  He really knew the menu and the ingredients in the food, and knew how to describe it in a way that had your mouth watering.  We both ended up ordering items that were specials because he made them sound amazing (and they were!).  The service was excellent, our food came out quickly, and dessert was to die for.  You really can't go wrong no matter what you order.I came here for dessert on my anniversary. The bf splurged on dinner so I picked up the tab for dessert. The gelato comes in a serving of three for $12. There are about 15 flavors to choose from and some are stranger than others. $12 for three scoops of gelato?! Excessive yes and so not worth it! The scoops aren't even full scoops more like two spoonfuls. The key lime pie was also $12 and more worth the outrageous price. My boyfriend absolutely loved it and that was worth it to me. Some of the other desserts looked decent as well, some classics and some more out there and original. I will be back to use a gift certificate and try some dinner entrees which I am really excited for but now I can at least say I have tried some of Mindy's renowned desserts. The atmosphere in here is worth the inflated prices and on a street with lots of dining options, people flock here for Mindy's creative style.so good, I never get sick of it. the grilled cheese is so awesome. mac&cheese - so awesome.  kobe burger is ridiculously good. every dessert (even though deconstructed desserts kinda bug me), you cannot lose here. oh, unless you get their tuna melt which oddly is horrendous. loud but fun. YUM!!!!!  SO GOOD!!!!!!!!This place used to be one of our favorites. Now, I will never go back.My wife and I had not been there in several months.  We sat at the bar and told the server we were splitting a caesar salad and the fried chicken dinner.When the caesar arrived, we had to ask for a second plate so we could split the salad as we had said we would.  That took a while. We also asked for bread, which in most restaurants accompanies a salad. The bread was brought after we had finished the salad. The bread was good, but not what one expects as a between-courses experience. When the fried chicken arrived, we again had to ask for a second plate so we could split our entree. In most restaurants with a customer-friendly consciousness, the entree - and the salad - would've been split by the kitchen and brought on two entree-size plates. Again, we were given a tiny plate for either my wife or I to use. We then ordered dessert...something called a banana icebox coffee cake.The refrigeration, unfortunately, suppressed much of the flavor from the dessert which stood a few inches high and had a diameter probably twice the size of a ritz cracker.But the big blow was the check....SIX DOLLARS FOR THE BREAD. I'm not kidding...SIX DOLLARS FOR BREAD THAT NEVER EVEN ARRIVED TIL THE SALAD WAS GONE!!! And the dessert....TWELVE BUCKS!! We're are not misers, and dine out 3-4 nights per week at very good places, most notably and regularly the Francesca's chain and Mon Ami Gabi. neither of these establishments would ever treat a customer like this, nor would they charge for bread. As for the price of desserts, Mindy's Hot Chocolate would do well to sample the quality of desserts at either of these places for at least 3 or 4 dollars less. I sometimes feel like I could've paid a few bucks less at a place, but never question their right to charge what they deemfair. But charging 12 bucks for a dessert that can't compete with better restaurants'more fairly priced offerings, charging ANYTHING for bread that arrived as an orphanbetween courses third wheel, and backhanding the overall service would be laughable if it wasn't so infuriating. We have definitely cooled on Mindy's Hot Chocolate.the hot chocolate is so rich it actually makes me a little sick.  also, they pre-make the mix so you couldn't even ask for it with different types of milk.  the little donuts/beignets were cute, but not that impressive.  came here twice and need to remind myself to NOT get hot chocolate at hot chocolate again.The hot chocolate is amazing and extremely rich. The dinner was okay, nothing too great. So I would suggest come here for dessert and the hot chocolate.After having dined here numerous times, I figured I should review this wondrous establishment.  I love chocolate, but there is more than just chocolate here.  The entrance is on Damen, alongside clothing boutiques from local designers.  When entering, the long-narrow interior with exposed beams evokes an art gallery like space.  There is an oil on canvas to the left and a wooden sculpture at the front of the bar, giving this urban cafe a unique, trendy feel.  Opened by the pastry chef from MK, Hot Chocolate is a far more casual establishment, featuring a few main dishes and sandwiches utilizing seasonal, local ingredients.  The lamb and krema kasa is served on a simple rectangular plate, with a square dish of pickled beets and a dollop of sauce.  The sourdough flatbread is grilled to a light crisp with oregano oil and arugula, the soft cheese and lamb sausage are wrapped inside.  This wrap suggests schwarma or gyros, but it is more simplistic, sophisticated, and truly magnificent.  The dessert is very necessary.  Yes, there are a few things without chocolate, but why waste the time; the milkshakes are malted and creamy with whip cream on top.  The brownies are decadent and the cake is moist and layered with ganache.  The fudge mint shake is the best though!  This is truly a great establishment; it is simple, hip and a great time.This place is amazing!!  I went there for brunch recently and I had the eggs with ricotta and an AMAZING hot chocolate (half and half). My friend had a delicious steak with eggs.mmmmmmmmm...I cant wait to go back again.Hot Chocolate manages to phenomenally blend both upscale and casual food and feel. Most in my party had the highly touted burgers which lived up to the lofty expectations. I had the lamb sausage sandwich, which was awesome and more than filling. We also passed around the mac and cheese which was one of the best I've had - its no kraft. Of course this was all just procedure to get to dessert. Explosions of sugar and carbs followed in a blindingly delicious food coma of happiness as we plowed our way through three desserts - chocolate #1, the peanut butter cup and one banana two banana. Naturally the namesake hot chocolate was utterly ridiculous. I really can't imagine there is a bad choice on this menu. The atmosphere is simple and clean - I love how the kitchen pass is visible and bleeds into the dining room - and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. Given the quality of the food I would say the prices are quite reasonable, although I admit there is a bit of a mental block on dropping 11 bucks for dessert. Regardless kick the belt back a notch and schedule some gym time, the indulgence is well worth it.we sat at the bar because of the wait, and had an amazing time. the bartender (I forget his name, sorry!) was extremely helpful with everything. it was half off wine night, and he made sure to pour for us every time. food was amazing. atmosphere is intimate and enjoyable.sat by the bar.........service is great and the food is excellent.hot chocolate is known for desserts, but that is just the begining, or rather the end of a great meal.  start with a compact but quality beer list.  skip soup.  anything with cheese there is glorious, chef is into great cheese from small producers.  burger might be best in town.  lamb pasta thing is outta sight.   servers are all young, high energy, knowledgeable.  only problem is music, what is with the tom petty greatest hits in hipster bucktown?This place was the perfect place for a date! The service was awesome!!!! And the atmosphere was nice and cozy. The food was awesome!!! I was very pleased.... my waitress Karen was the best!!!! this was my first time Karen was so helpful in her recommendation. And she new what she was talking about!  the service was so on point didn't have to wait long. my friend & I really enjoyed everything!!!! And we will be back!!! Mindy's Hot Chocolate.This place is nice if you want gourmet chocolate desserts, but it wasn't my favorite.  Not exactly a cozy environment, seems a little overpriced.  The desserts all look really good, but when we ordered our Chocolate Again dessert, it was disappointing.  The milkshake came out in what looked like a shotglass, and the cake was rather small.  It didn't taste incredible, and kind of looked like they had froze it and defrosted it.  The presentation was also a little disappointing, because they used a brown paper towel piece under the milkshake (not very classy).  The grapefruit sorbet was excellent, but realy small portion.  I don't think I would go back and pay $20 for dessert and a cup of tea.The star is for the dinner entrees, I am told the dessert and hot choclate are the reason to come to this place, since I am gluten and dairy free, I cannot review on those items altho I will say that I think they need to get on the band wagon and at least carry some soy milk. Back to dinner, the prices are outragous for the meal that you get, I got the chicken for $22, and literally that is all I got, a 1/2 chicken and some olives, I mean spare a couple veggies for $22. My friend got the pasta that she noted was "different" not awful but not great either, it was ediable. The wine is also way overpriced, the glasses are from 11-15 a glass...come on! I just think for the $$ you spend, the food does not measure up, there are much better places to go to eat in wicker park that wont break the bank and you get amazing food. (Feast, Francescas Forno). We had dinner for 2 and 2 glasses of wine and the bill was $90.00 - seriously!Best mac-n-cheese ever.  My friend and I split one order of it, and they were very nice about doing that.  We also split two desserts.  One was peanut butter and chocolate and one was banana and chocolate.  They were delicious, but very rich.  I'm not going to lie, I was pretty sure I was going to be sick after eating them.  I think splitting one dessert between the two of us would have been a lot better.  I'm not used to eating really heavy foods all at once.  I am dying to go back, though, if only for that mac-n-cheese....This place is really not worth all the fuss.  It's loud, the service is slow, everything is overpriced, the wait staff is pretentious, the food is mediocre, the bathrooms are dark (the men's room in particular which also sports the most hideous wall art ever), the eggs are runny, the coffee requires assembly (french press), the toast could cut diamonds it's so hard, and who the hell serves pickled broccoli.As if I could possibly love this place anymore they decide to shower me with free donuts...BEST...restaurant...ever! I stopped in last night after a pretty mediocre but affordable dinner at Feast ($25 for 2 courses and a glass of wine). My friend wanted dessert and we decided to change it up a bit. I ran into another friend on the way and he decided to join us.  At this point I was completely full and only a few minutes away from unbottoning my pants and changing into an old pair of sweatpants, Chicago Style. There was no way I was going to get anything and my friend we ran into wasn't feeling dessert either. We got a table and only one of us ordered dessert... so naturally we felt a little guilty. Our waiter, who I have had every time I have come and is absolutely great (wish I knew his name), asked where we went to dinner. I told him we had stopped in at Feast but that it is not as good as Hot Chocolate. I guess he liked my comments because he brought the caramel popcorn / donut dessert tray over to our table. Even though I was on the verge of popping I had to try the desserts and like everything else I have ever had here they were amazing. I really can't recommend this place enough. The ambiance is great, the staff is lovely and the food is unmatched. It really is perfect for every meal and occasion: great for brunch (try the ricotta egg sandwich, any of the hot chocolates), an elegant dinner spot and a perfect late night dessert spot. Obviously, I highly recommend this place!Now have become a resident of Chicago and loved the last visit to Hot Chocolate when dining alone, I suggested it for breakfast with my hubby. I was SO disappointed that the Shrimp and Grits was no longer a breakfast item but now a dinner only item. The new breakfast menu was too foo-foo shee-shee and was dated which meant to me that the breakfast menu changes daily, you just can't pop in and dine on your favorite breakfast on a random day. We tried to order breakfast from the new menu but the items were not just plain and simple eggs and bacon, it was more of escargot with banana glaze type menu items. I am sure there are plenty of taste buds salivating over that type of breakfast, ours were not. My hubby and I ended up just ordering one hot chocolate for me and left without breakfast. The hot chocolate was still a bit thick the way I like it but seemed too sweet not like the last time. The good news, the marshmallows were yummy.gelato, doughnuts, the bread pudding, mexican hot chocolate. i love their giant, powdery marshmallow but everything is too sweet for meI didn't enjoy it the first time I went several years ago. Just went back last night and again was very disappointed.  Tried the white chocolate malt hot cocoa, the carrot cake, and another chocolate dessert. None of us thought any if it was good and didn't even eat past 3 bites or sips of cocoa. A real bummer especially after spending so much money.  Walking in it looks like a cool place and concept, but i will not return nor recommend.I ate at Mindy's and was at first very excited the waiter seemed to know a lot about the menu. The wine and the appetizers were fair at best.  I ordered the grilled soft crab and it came out burned and was uneatable.  I did complain and the price of the crab was taken off my bill.  I was rather disappointed as I love all things from the sea.  My biggest complaint comes when I ordered the SKILLET SOUFFLÉ that came with salted caramel ice cream.  I was sharing a dessert with my boyfriend we both love soufle'.  I am however lactose intolerant and kindly asked the waiter to put the ice cream on the side.  The waiter went into a rant about how the melding of the flavors was the chiefs creation and there was absolutely no way this alternative could be achieved. I was embarrassed to say the least.  I had no idea what to say.  We got the soufle and I ate around the ice cream but the waiter NAZI killed the good mood that should come with dessert.  I felt the prices were not comparable to the food.   The music was loud and it was hard to hear conversation that was going on at the table.Came here for brunch. Overall the restaurant was VERY noisy, so we opted to sit on the benches in the front window.  Our server was really sweet and attentive.  I think our experience would've been better, but I ordered the wrong thing.. Don't get the Brioche french toast - it's mushy, almost like raw-dough in consistency, and it just wasn't very good.  The fish plate we ordered was tasty, but we could've done without the cooked white fish pile on the plate and stuck with the smoked salmon. There was also a sad, dried out noodle pudding thing on the plate, totally random.  I think the savory options here for brunch are the way to go, like the fried eggs or the quiche...as well as the hot chocolate, no brainer.   I told our server I wasn't in love with the french toast, and she graciously offered to get me something else, but I was already full from one slice so I said it was ok.  She discreetly put a box of cookies in our to-go bag, which was really nice of her.  Overall good food and great service, just make sure you order the right thing and hopefully you're not bothered by the noise-level.I am currently recovering from my Hot Chocolate hangover, and I'm thoroughly looking forward to indulging in this restaurant again.  I went to Hot Chocolate for a mid-day brunch, and the restaurant has a nice trendy atmosphere.  I wisely saved the hot chocolate order for my post-meal "dessert".  The brunch menu was pretty standard faire for your typical chic restaurant, fancy egg dishes, steak and eggs, etc.  I fortunately ordered the buttermilk biscuit which was absolutely delicious.  The cheese they used just made the meal, nicely aged, right amount of bite, and perfectly melted to compliment the sausage, egg, and biscuit.  Truly the highlight was the hot chocolate.  I ordered the half and half (1/2 espresso and 1/2 dark chocolate, topped with a homemade marshmallow) and it plain and simply blew my mind.  Pure sippable decadence.  Can't wait for another visit to Chicago for brunch here, or just to pick up a quick dessert and hot chocolate fix.hands down best hot chocolate I have ever tasted!The food, desserts, and drinks here were all good and definitely worth trying. The service, however, could use some improvement. We had a cranky waiter who put a damper on an otherwise good dining experience. The mac'n'cheese was a great comfort food on a cold day and definitely worth trying.I read about this place while I was living in San Francisco and I had been searching for a place that made "real" hot chocolate. No one really seems to understand what that means. It vexes me. So, while visiting my parents, I took them to Hot Chocolate for dinner. It was extremely impressed! The decor is quite fun, the music is very...changeable. The service wasn't a problem at all, but it took some time to get our food, even though we arrived right before the dinner rush at about 5:30. Our food was a little warm when it finally arrived at the table, which would be my only complaint. I had the dark hot chocolate (which arrived in haste) and it was superb, absolutely wonderful. My parents had the milkshakes and I must say that I have never had such a phenomenal milkshake in my entire life. I would definitely go back if I lived in Chicago.It was okThis review is based only on their macaroni and cheese, which used to be fabulous.  Now it's so salty it's almost impossible to eat.  Really disappointing!   But, I will say that the service was very good.I'm really NOT a negative person, but it seems I've had some bad experiences lately, so I wanted to make a point to "praise where praise is due" and I've decided to finally write some praise for Mindy's hot chocolate.  This is one of my FAVORITE places to go for a treat or to bring out of town guests, especially girlfriends who appreciate the glory of super yummy macaroni and cheese - this is THE BEST - a pot of golden yumminess!!! Seriously, it's incredibly good and very reasonably priced.  We tried hte dessert because that's what she wins all the awards for, right? And yes, it was DIVINE.  I've had the cocoa too, which was super tasty as well, though I can't do it all in one night.  A pot of cheese, some wine, and I'm pretty much done.  Also got to try the "iced hot chocolate" this summer which was totally out of this world.  We've actually had fairly sketchy servers, where were were semi-desperate for something (such as the bill) and it was impossible to get someone's attention, but even with sketchy service, the goodness of the macaroni and cheese keeps me coming back!Good food although the only dish that was memorable was the mac & cheese.  Service is on the slower side.  Tables are close to each other.  Overall, positive experience but not rushing to go back...been there a couple of times for brunch. almost a must for us whenever we are in chicago. parking can be hard to find in the area especially during the busy hours. but its worth it, they have the best hot chocolate drink (medium for me).Went here when I was in my native town of Chicago over Memorial Day weekend. We got there as soon as they opened on Sunday. We had a large group and were fortunate enough to get seated in the large booth in the back which was a nice private atmosphere. The service was great - my water glass stayed full the entire time we were there. They were slam packed but our server was always within reach if we needed something. Everyone at my table had something different so I was able to try a range of things. First we started with the homemade doughnuts. They were quite delicious. They were served with a raspberry preserve sauce that made them taste like warm jelly filled donuts. For my meal I ordered the pancake topped with peaches and a side of bacon. I think it may have been fried because it was quite crispy on the outside and the inside was very fluffy. The peaches on top were great. I didn't care much for the sweet butter. The bacon was great - not all fat and chewy - but crisp and tasty. I also sampled the eggs Florentine scramble with red peppers and spinach - very good - and the french toast with raspberry topping. My favorite was probably the egg scramble. Finally I tried a bit of hot chocolate.  The hot chocolate here is definitely for the chocolate lovers.  It was a bit too thick for my liking (I tried the medium version, might try the light version next time) but others in my party loved it.  If I ever find myself in the neighborhood again I'll definitely stop in. The only downside to Hot Chocolate is it's on the spendy side therefore getting three stars.i think it's best if i start off with this disclaimer: i hate the term OMG. it sounds stupid and mindless. then again, it kinda gets to where i'm going with this place. if you're in the area and it's not too late (two huge IFs) then you should consider this place for desert. los postres son increible!! oh baby! i popped in for a few desserts and a sunday brunch. go with dessert -- brunch was nothing to write home about..My bf and I had our vday dinner here. I was pretty skeptical about the food since I know this place as a dessert place. Surprisingly the food was really flavorful and filling. We were seated in the back away from the crowd of people and the noise. Even in this small place, we got the privacy we were looking for. We started our meal off with DRINKS :) I got the Pimms kiss martini and the bf got a beer. Then for apps we got the mussels, which were a huge bowl full. Then for our entrees, I got the chicken and he got the pork. I kno...chicken....sounds boooooooring. BUT it was super good. Really flavorful and moist. I'm really picky about chicken but this place was great! The pork was also cooked to perfection. I love Mac and Cheese so we had to try it out. It was okay, nothing special, but we had leftovers that we took home. I ate the leftover mac & cheese the next day and it was delicious! For dessert, we had a special they were having that night which consisted of key lime pie, sorbet, and a cheesecake. Overall, dinner was awesome! Food was great and so was the service. Even as I write this review, i'm salivating for the food :)amazing desserts.  super cozy interior, cute date scene.I came here last night for the first time and absolutely love it!! The interior is very romantic without being over the top. I came here with a girlfriend but it would be an awesome date place. Now for the food:Started off with splitting the Mac and cheese, delish and a must try! My friend had their soup, which was a butternut squash soup with a touch of cream. She liked it but it was very rich. I then got the mussels, huge portion! It would have been perfect to split amongst 4 people. It was great, however, I could barely make a dent and really wanted to save room for dessert. The hot chocolate and dessert is the real treat... The Black and Tan hot chocolate is phenomenal!!! I can't wait to go back for more. It comes with a homemade marshmallow that's the perfect companion. We split 3 of their homemade ice creams, I highly recommend the coffee nib ice cream to go with your hot chocolate. I left completely stuffed but looking forward to going back again. Going back I'd love to get hot chocolate and try some of their other desserts. I was looking at other tables and the other treats have such a pretty presentation I'd love to try them. This is a definite must try!Awesome place when you are craving candy! I really loved this place..the chocolate  is great!A slice of chocolate cake is like 10 bucks, but it's really fucking good. Still, I doubt I'll go back anytime soon.the food here is always amazing. every dish is great. i especially enjoy the stake here as it is better than tango surs stake. The deserts are amazing, and the tuna appetizer is perfect and NOT fishy. The price Every time i go here i have a nice time as the staff is very friendly, and the place although is crowded does not feel rushed or claustrophobic. This is perfect place to take someone special. You will never feel uncomfortable or stuffy in here and plenty of people watching for good conversation.this is the best cup of hot chocolate ever!! with the best tasting marshmallows, too! Seriously the hot chocolate is a dessert in its self....very creamy, thick and sweet...I got the medium hot chocolate which had a hint of caramel in it and it was sooo good! but the affogato was even better! had a hint of coffee and a scoop of icecream! I also got the peanut butter dessert and the sweet potato dessert..I would skip the peanut butter one and order another of the sweet potato dessert...i cannot get that dessert out of my head! you can also get an assortment of their cookies to go too. which i did cuz im a true fatty.overpriced and worth every penny. the hot cocoa here rivals that of ethel's. have the black & tan, it's decadent. i haven't had anything but the sweets here, but I'm sold.Was recommended to this place by the waiter at Girl and the Goat.  We came here for brunch on Saturday.  First thing I noticed was the decor.  I really liked it.  Service was prompt and good.  We ordered hot chocolate.  I had the mexican hot chocolate which is 2/3 dark chocolate, 1/3 milk and fresh cinnamon.  My friend ordered the light hot chocolate..."eggnog" white chocolate with a touch of milk chocolate and candycane.  Both were served with house made marshmallows.  These are rich and sweet and served in a pretty big cup.  It was good but too much for me.  I didn't even finish more than half.  The winner here was the caramel sticky bun!!!  It had a caramel crunchy exterior and a flaky soft interior.  Soooo yummy!  I forgot to order 2 to go to bring back to Boston.  so sad.  My friend ordered the hash and I ordered the short ribs sandwich both from the special menu.  They were okay.  I loved the pretzel bun the short ribs were on.  Wish the short rib was cut differently so that it was not moving everywhere inside the bun.  I felt like I was chasing the meat.  It can also use a lil bit more flavoring and some juice.  I would come back just for the sticky bun!  and of course try other stuff.I've been here twice and enjoyed my meal each time. The burger is beyond amazing. The service is very friendly. This is perfect for a date or a get together with friends. It's a nice place to go when you get tired of eating downtown and want something that feels more quaint and unique. It was a bit on the pricey side, but it was worth it. I am ready to come back again, and will have to try their brunch one day.  And the hot chocolate was a perfect 10.  I have never had hot chocolate that good!This was my favorite place in Chicago.  I ate at Girl and the Goat, Publican, Takashi, and Hot Dougs, but only Mindy's Hot Chocolate did I return to on 3 out of 4 nights that I was there.  GREAT pork belly salad, I'm told (but didn't get a chance to try) they do an amazing "Mac 'n Cheese", and their Chai hot chocolate as a dessert drink is as smoothe and yummy as liquid dessert gets.  Great beer selection.  And, of course, as the 2012 James Beard Award winning pastry chef (and nominated for the past, like 6 years in a row), desserts were fabulous.  Pretty hip neighborhood.  Great place.If I was going to rate this restaurant on host staff it would get a zero.  I have never been treated so rude at an establishment.  They refused to quote me a wait time, and when 1 person from our party was still parking, they let another group be sat before us.  I understand that they are busy, but unfortunately I will not be returning because there food doesn't make up for poor service.  The poor service did not end with the hostess either.  Our server was inattentive and non-existent  No wonder you don't have tables to seat your guests, we were there for over 2 hours for brunch.  We waited for 30 minutes to receive our bill, and she wasn't that friendly or apologetic either.  The food is a three star for the price value.  Pork shoulder hash was small, dry, and the poached egg was incredibly overcooked. I don't know who is making their eggs but they are not trained appropriately.  Rest of the food was mediocre, and overpriced especially compared to other restaurants in the area.  The hot chocolate was a five, if the service would have been better I would return for a hot chocolate and dessert, but on my first visit I was not treated respectfully.  They have a splitting cost if you wish to share a hot chocolate.  The business is about making money, and not serving a guest.  You have to be much better at food preparation if you plan on treating your guest like you do to get me to return. I can't believe how full the place was and how many people return to eat here.  You Don't Have To Be Treated Like This People.  Hostess should hold doors and thank you for being there.  I am appalled at the attitude.  They need a reality check.two words: mac n cheeseHot Chocolate, one bite of your Chocolate #1 makes me cry tears of happiness.  Same goes for everything else you serve.  I came here to celebrate Labor Day weekend with some friends and this place more than lived up to the hype.  Grilled octopus (tender, not gummy or crispy, and easily the best octopus I've ever had), braised rabbit (first time I've ever had rabbit!  Won't ever be able to look at those cute little furry creatures the same again...because they are delicious =P) and of course...the dessert.  Chocolate #1 is a warm souffle cake served with salted caramel ice cream and a homemade pretzel (nothing more needs to be said), Blueberries is blueberries served with corn cannoli, corn ice cream, and house popped popcorn (sounds weird, but actually goes quite well), and Mexican Hot Chocolate (thick, creamy, with a definite kick and served with a homemade marshmallow).  Everything was delicious, presented well, and I'll definitely be coming back for round 2.  Be sure to make reservations, because this place is popular for a reason.I was first introduced to Hot Chocolate on a culinary walking tour from chicagofoodplanet.com.  Awesome tour of Wickerpark/Bucktown area if your a local or visiting the Chicago.  Highly recommended.  During our tour we were introduced to the medium hot chocolate at Hot Chocolate restaurant which was silky smooth, very chocolaty, and topped with a delicious homemade marshmallow.  Yummy!After our tour was over my family and I decided to go back and try some of their desserts after a meal at Lou Manalti's.  Since there were three of us we ordered 3 different desserts to try from.  What a disspointment!  The seasonal couer de creme was drenched with some warm liquid  at tableside that made the cracker crust soggy, And the ginger beer that went along with it was unpalatable.  I had the brioche donuts which came out piping hot.  yum..but the chocolate dipping sauce tasted horrible and the caramal popcorn served along side tasted like it was made hours or a day before. So I just ate the donuts plain.The only saving grace was a banana bread pudding dessert.  I didn't eat it because I don't like bananas, but everyone else said it was very good.For $11.00 per dessert I expected a lot more from a multiple year Jame's Beard award winner.The menu featured a wide range of different hot chocolates.  I ordered the Mexican hot chocolate, but while I found the flavor was on the most part good, the richness of the heavy cream used in the drink overpowered the flavors.  That is why I am giving this only 3 stars.  the decor, ambiance, and atmosphere were great, but as a warning the price is very high.Rockstar hot chocolate!The place is really cute, gives off a vintage vibe, and is in a great area! I sat at the bar and had dessert and was impressed with the food but I definitely think it's overpriced for the portions you get. I had the s'more cake ($12) and my boyfriend had 3 scoops of ice cream (you can't get more or less, it has to be 3 scoops and it costs $12) and while we devoured everything...I don't know if I would go back. We asked for whipped cream and the waiter hesitated and said he "would see what he could do" and we ended up getting a tiny blob of it. I work at a restaurant myself and am always doing whatever I can to please the guest so I'm not sure how much their owners/boss stress guest satisfaction. I wouldn't care as much if I went to Margie's and paid $4 dollars for a sundae, but when I'm paying $30 (tax + tip added) for two desserts you should give me a lot of whipped cream when I ask for it!I had brunch at hot chocolate about a month ago and was very impressed.  I went there for dinner and was not so impressed. To start we had the pretzels with a special cheese sauce. The pretzels were ok but for this restaurant I expected more. For main entree I had the fish of the day,  trout that was not  that flavorful. My boyfriend had the hamburger which was very juicy and an above average hamburger. For desert we had key lime pie which was wonderful. Unfortunately, compared to brunch I have to give it only 3 stars but for brunch I would give it 4 stars.Incredible brunch. Loved everything we ordered including the fantastic pomegranate bellinies.    The seasonal vegetable grits, pancakes, donuts and the hash were all incredible.  Such wonderful flavors.  Service was fabulous too.  Next time I visit Chicago this will be top of the list for a must visit.Service was slow and I was stuck twiddiling my thumbs for 10+ minutes since I was out of beer.  Biscuits were tastey.  The burger did not do it for me at all, was way over cooked (ordered medium rare).  The cheese and egg had more flavor then the meat, it just wasnt juicy at all.  We left on a high note with a great dessert.  Will probably come back and skip straight to dessertChai hot chocolate and doughnuts.  Wow.  I can't wait to come back on a cold chilly day and have more :)The first time that I ate here about a year ago the experience was pleasant and the food was wonderful. Now lets fast forward one year later to tonight. I don't know why, but for some reason Hot Chocolate has decided to start pumping loud house music into the place. The loud music causes the people to have to speak at a much higher level and sometimes yell at each other to hear. The volume of the place simply overpowered everything and killed the mood. I could not hear a word that anyone at my table said and we kept getting distracted by people at other tables yelling back and forth. I felt like I was eating at a dance club. A year ago the place was nice and quiet and warm, and now for some reason they seem to be trying to create some sort of a scene. However, the food was still great tonight but I just got more and more pissed off at how incredibly loud the place was. Our service was good up until the point at which we asked for our check. The waiter said, "sure I'll bring the check, be right back". Well, 15 minutes later there was no sign of him anywhere and no check had been delivered to our table. I looked around the room for him and discovered that he was sitting down at a table right next to us playing around with some I-phone that someone was showing him and discussing how neat the new I-phone is. I stared at him and he looked back and saw me looking at him several times but he continued gawking at the I-phone and all of it's great features. After waiting for about 20 minutes for him to bring us our check, I finally just went up to the manager and asked him if he could get our check for us, which he did. Unbelievable. How in the hell can you be such a good waiter through the whole meal and then blow it by not bringing the check to the table.I've got nothing but good things to say about this place. We try to go every week and suffer withdrawal when it's been too long past that. The menu is kind of diner-ish - that is there is a wide range of sandwiches and entrees all prepared under the umbrella of American food. But each and every recipe is treated with the thoughtfulness of a tasting restaurant like Tru or Trotters. The ingredients are sourced from many of the farms at the Green City Market (the best farmer's market in the area). In some cases the quality of the ingredients are all it takes to lift a simple dish to the next level (try the Mac and Cheese). But when they choose to twist a classic the results are surprising and delicious but appropriate (try the "fish and chips"). The pureed soups are subtle and silky. Mindy Segal, the owner, is a world class pastry chef and her menued desserts can be breathtaking, but ordering them is best done with a leap of faith. They are named for the central ingredient (banana, rhubarb, etc.) but after that they change frequently. The bartenders are extremely competent making one of the finest Manhattans in town and the wine list is thoughtful. The crowd can be very beautiful but the place is also kid and grandparent friendly early on. The service is really casual (as is the room) but attentive. The host desk is nice to us now that we are regulars, but can be a little standoffish to unknown customers. I think this may be the genesis of some of the less than glowing reviews received. The caveats are as follows. 1) Portions are not huge leaving room for an appetizer and a dessert (or skip the appetizer and order a side of the mac and cheese to share). 2) It's not cheap. With wine or cocktails, our tab for two is generally about 100 bucks. But based on the quality and delicious-ness it always seems like a value to me. Oh yeah, the hot chocolate is good too. Try the white one.What a waste of a good Sunday!  First of all, the food is NOT good enough to have clients wait for a minimum of 1 1/2 hours.  They should think about taking reservations.  I think that the ego of "food/brunch/chocolate" has gotten to the owner/chef.   I would not recommend wasting away your precious Sunday waiting on a table for food.  You can easily walk a few doors away and get an excellent brunch at Cafe DeLuca.... with a maximum wait of 20 minutes.I've been twice - and it is great! I've only been for breakfast/brunch but have heard things about their lunch as well. The coffee was excellent (french pressed) but it was $5. My bloody mary was also very good - very alcoholic and the right amount of spicy but it was $8 or $9 too! The food was priced well for the value though. I had egg whites, tomato and ricotta cheese on ciabatta bread - so warm and great! It came with potatoes and fruit as well. My friend had the quiche which was great too! I saw a lot of other options that came out - all of which looked appealing!I went there for the first time for brunch this weekend.  I had heard great things about the hot chocolate, so that was the first thing I ordered.  I ordered the "medium" which was what our waiter recommended.  It was absolutely fabulous, but RICH! Everyone at the table agreed that the hot chocolate could easily be split by two people.  I don't think anyone was able to finish a whole cup of it. It is like drinking a melted chocolate bar.  So bad, but SO good! :) As far as food, we all enjoyed what we had. My husband had the market scramble, which he liked, and my friend and I both had the cheddar melt and shot of tomato soup. We both really liked it, but were so full from our hot chocolate that we couldn't finish it.  It should be noted, however; that the cheddar on this sandwich is definitely sharp...so if you don't like sharp cheese, you probably won't like this. Oh, I almost forgot...we ordered the donuts as an appetizer, and they were delicious....hot and not too sweet. Overall, I'd go back here but not all the time.  It's a little too pricey for brunch in my opinion, but a great place to go if you want to try something new.sweet, very sweet. i truly enjoyed my hot chocolate experience. great mac and cheese, not the best i've ever had, but damn close. potent, yummy drinks & very friendly service! even the doorman was a sweetheart, as i went to put more quarters in my car, he stopped me and said he would do it for me, smile. i had the wild mushroom lasagna and i loved it - i do wish the portion was slightly bigger. i tasted my friends' dishes and they were all great: the chicken, the lamb... and wow, the mexican hot chocolate, gooey deliciousness. this was a birthday dinner that made me swoon.Spent too much money here and wasn't expecting it!!!  We bought a certificate for $25 off on restaurant.com and anxiously anticipated a bottle of wine, dessert, and appetizer with our meal since we THOUGHT we were getting such a great deal. They were having a 1/2 off special on wine so that was even more exciting. We showed our waitress the certificate and she knew we were impressed with the wine special. BUT turns out they don't offer both and didn't tell us that until after we ordered all our food and had a cup of wine. Long story short, it put a damper on our evening. The appetizer of cheesy biscuits tasted like mini pillsbury biscuits. The macaroni and cheese that the waitress raved about, was nothing really to write home about. Our meals were good, but pretty pricey. Not going back.So disappointed. My food was okay, not great, and we were seated right next to the register, so we were constantly interrupted. The coffee was incredibely expensive, didn't even taste good and was limited. To be honest, the entire bill was really expensive, way too much for two people at breakfast.Overpriced and mediocre food. Desserts are good, so I'd pop in for a sweet, but never again for a sit-down meal.Even non-dessert lovers will enjoy Hot Chocolate's menu although everything dessert-y looked really good, next time. A friend and I made a reservation for their earliest available (5:30pm this is when they're open for dinner) and sat down ready to enjoy our dinner. Server was really friendly and helpful, we ordered the organic free range chicken with fingerling potatoes, baby spinach and jus, I had the diver scallops, 4 extra large scallops over a bed of sauteed chard, diced carrots, diced parsnips, mushrooms and cauliflower mash- delicious. The scallops and chicken were prepared perfectly my only concern was the salt content. I love salt so because of this reason I know I need to be careful the vegetables were a bit salty however still very delicious. The people next to us were drinking homemade hot chocolates- looked really amazing, but we were too full and on a time crunch. Two entrees, two beers bill including tax and tip was about 80 bucks, not too bad. Enjoy!If you are looking for a diamond in the rough, take yourself to Hot Chocolate. The pancake is not your ordinary pancake, but a delicacy with eat bite. Large protions so you can probably split if you are willing. I couldn't!! Enjoy!!first off, this place was very expensive for what it is.  the tables were placed pretty close to each other, we had to move the tables over to let other people out.  the food was alright.  i had the duck, which actually was very tasty and well presented.  my friend has the fish, which wasn't too good, rather bland.  for desserts, we had the donuts and i had a cup of mexican hot chocolate.  the donuts weren't the ones in the picture and i didn't really like them.  The mexican hot chocolate was good, but it was a bit too rich for me.This review is for the dessert only. This restaurant was recommended by a friend and so my husband and I thought we would we go out on a Friday evening for some dessert.  This restaurant has an awesome ambiance, dim lights, cool set up with a nice bar. We didn't have reservations which I understand can be a problem but we were seated at the bar. The bartender was very nice and helpful..he explained the desserts to us and made some suggestions. We had the apple pie/ cheesecake ,the donuts and a hot chocolate ( milk chocolate with a touch of caramel).  The hot chocolate was very sweet and seemed to separate as it sat. The donuts were ok nothing special....dry at times.  The apple dessert was so small and the cannoli was so small I almost missed it. We found it very pricey for the size of the actual dessert. overall a nice spot to sit and chat and enjoy the surroundings but I won't be returning for the desert and I am nervous to try the food..so Mindy's probably won't see me again.Outstanding experience. After reading genertally good reviews thought we would give this a day in court. We called ahead for Friday 8 ish arrived half an hour early and were seated immediatley by cherry hostess. We took a pass on teh entrees but were too embarassed to order ONLY desserts so ordered a flight of teh three chesses , presentation here excellent , the "cracker" ws mroe like a thin peanu tbuter cookie and the presentation here was awesome. Proceeded to order chocolate #1 , bannana duo , and th efresh donuts which were similar to benients only better. Skip the chocolate desserts and go for the regualr hot chocolate , liquid Will yWonka , I suggest eh more unusual dessserts , teh bannana bvread pudding was outstanding. Others complaints of being seated too closely only made teh expeorence more fun as everyone eyed each otehrs choices. this didnt detract from teh romantic ambience and sinfully sweet , bam but oh the sugar hangover the next day !!!!!!!Home sweet home! This is my favorite dessert spot to hit on a weekend. I'll be honest, Ive never gotten anything savory at this spot (but why would you at a dessert bar?) but the desserts are out of this world! I round up a bunch of my favorite girlfriends and get dolled up to indulge in Hot Chocolate's yummy treats! There's no holding back on these nights, ladies; we go all out! I've been there at least a couple times a season and the menu is constantly changing. I do have to admit, we end up spending quite a bit on Hot Chocolate nights, but it's sure worth it for the ambiance and creative dessert presentations. What's more painful is working off the calories the next day in the gym...Hot Chocolate is located in a rapidly growing and changing part of Chicago. Once this place used to be a really seedy neighborhood, then the Real World house moved in and things started to change. New restaurants and stores are cropping up all over the place, which is great. The only harmful thing is that its becoming more expensive to live and eat in one of the areas I love the most in the city. That being said, I think that Hot Chocolate is a great place for drinks, dinner and dessert with friends. I wouldn't say its the best place I have been to in Chicago but I wasn't disappointed. In my family, its customary that when you get a dish, everyone tries to get something different and you pass your plate around the table so everyone tries everything. So in this case, I went to dinner with four others and got to try a wide variety of food. I would say that the food was definitely good and the service was good, but nothing really stood out to me. I guess what really made my decision is that the last thing I tasted, my dessert, was not my favorite. I think I might have found out that I am not a chocolate person, which is bad if you're going to a restaurant with 'chocolate' in its name. Oh well. I would definitely recommend this place if you like chocolate and you like good food!I've been twice for brunch and I'll be back.  I loved the Mexican Hot Chocolate (it is very rich, be warned) and Sweets plate.wow- overrated- for dinner.  i still love their brunch but i had an extremely overpriced and mediocre dinner.  the mussels were quite good but everything else- the skate wing, the wagyu flank, even their vaunted desserts were just blah.  worse yet, the waiter was really annoying in a nice, overbearing sort of way.i still am a huge fan for brunch, i'm just never going back for dinner- at $100 for two people, you can do waaayyyy better.That two is because of the soup.  Very good soup.  Extremely limited vegetarian options.  Mac and cheese was good.  They'll have to try harder.  The kitchen was very slow.  We had a really nice waiter and bus boy.This place is off the hook.  I originally came across it in a magazine which rated its burger as top of the line.  However, I went online and saw that their brunch menu looked really good.  So, today was the second time I've eaten their brunch, and it is unbelievable!  Freshly baked doughnuts, amazing caramelized pancakes, gourmet hot chocolate, etc.  Try it.  It is ridiculously good.  It is a little pricy, but worth it.Has a great mixture of cozy yet lively atmosphere.  The burger was as good as advertised, a little salty for my taste but I was impressed.  The mac and cheese was more like a cheese soup with mac but had a very unique and flavorful taste that I couldn't get enough of.  I loved the selection of cookies but none of them blew my mind, even the bacon chocolate chip cookie.  Overall I wanted to try the entire menu but only had room for one and a half dinners.  Sooner or later I'll make it back when I have more of an appetite.After hearing many great things about Hot Chocolate, I finally made it out and had an excellent experience. To start out the service was great! Our bartender Andy took great care of us throughout the meal. He did a great job offering us great descriptions of the entrees and his personal suggestions. The food was outstanding, we started with the mussels which I feel were some of the best I have had in Chicago. Just mentioning the dish makes my mouth water. My father and I shared 2 entrees the Lamb and Krema Kasa and Pappardelle which were both suggestions from the bartender. Both dish's were great. After the entrees we had the Mac and cheese I've heard so many great things about and we were not let down. For desert we chose Chokolat, which was hands down the best desert I ever had. Our bartender, Andy, suggested a malbec that was similar to a port to pair with our desert. This was a perfect suggestion which left us very impressed. Our Overall experience was excellent! Great Service, Great Food, and Great Atmosphere! I am eager to dine here again!have come back a few times mainly for dessert and that amazing hot chocolate.  have tried the dark, medium, dark and tan and the affogato, and the dark is by far my favorite.this last time i got a cheddar melt.  it was super cheesy which i usually like, but it almost seemed like too much cheese.  am not used to a lot of butter either, so that, coupled with the cheese was a little on the heavy side for me.  it was alright.shared the bananas and butterscotch which was delicious and one of the chocolate desserts whose name i cannot remember.  not the chocolate #1, the other main chocolate one.  both were really good.  five stars for the desserts!  mindy segal, boy do you know your desserts.went to this place after reading all the reviews here. the hamburger with fried egg is yummy. lemon/blueberries dessert is to die for!!I used to give this place great reviews when it first opened years ago, before Mindy thought she was the complete cat's meow that she clearly is not.  My boyfriend and I went on a busy Saturday morning for brunch and when we walked in Mindy Segal decided to look at my ensemble with a hideous scowl on her face.  Not sure why, I was wearing jeans and looked very presentable and quite fashionable.  We decided to wait, but since it was going to be an hour, we asked if we could purchase a couple hot choclates and a little pastry while we waited.  The hostess, who was very nice, asked the owner Mindy Segal, who apparently said no.  Not sure why you wouldn't allow your patrons to be happy and make some additional money while they wait.  So, we left and will never be back.  We have also told everyone we know this story and will continue to tell people to not waste their time or money with the worst service we have ever received in Chicago.  Also, just saw Mindy on Martha this morning.  Her button is about to burst off her top and she looks ridiculous.  Maybe she should rethink her ensemble before heading on national television as opposed to judging patron's outfits who step into her establisment.  She is THE WORST!Dessert is my favorite meal of the day, and let me tell you,  this place does not let you down.  I came here first as part of a Wicker Park/ Bucktown food tour and had the iced hot chocolate with the fresh marshmallow. I was sold on my first sip. In fact I came back again the next day and tried a few more desserts which were all outstanding.  The seasonal desserts are the way to go, and never did i know how good corn ice cream can be!!  I will definitely be coming back to this place.Great place for dessert!  Warm brioche doughnuts dipped in warm chocolate is a must.  If I lived around the neighborhood I would go every week.  Their hot chocolates are so good but pricey.  I will definitely be back.Enjoyed the warm chocolate souffle tart.Another amazing find in Chicago.  We decided one night we wanted to go out just for dessert and a glass of wine.   We got there pretty late in the evening so it was packed, but they made room for us at the bar.  The dessert menus change seasonally, and they are all  amazing.  The chef/owner is very friendly and she is an absolute inspiration.  Next to the desserts, my second favorite about Hot Chocolate is the coffee.  It is so nice to find a place that serves great french press Illy's.  The bartenders are also very knowledgeable about pairing beers/wines with desserts.  A great surprise if you leave it in their hands to pick for you.  The pastries are great if you need to take something with to a party.  I have not had dinner there yet, as we usually eat sushi at Coast then make our way to Hot Chocolate.  Kudos Mindy on an amazing restaurant!!The food was delicious.  However, had the unfortunate experience of seeing the chefs in the kitchen behaving in a very unsanitary and gross way.  Yes, it involved the food they were preparing.  I wasn't impressed.  The management initially blew it off and insisted the staff was just " having some fun," but then agreed that it was totally unacceptable.  Again...not impressed. And, kind of nauseated.I just threw my sister's bridal shower at Hot Chocolate last Sunday and we had a GREAT time.  Natalie was a pleasure to work with.  At first, I wias a little worried about how the space would work out but it was while the restaurant was closed so we had the entire space to ourself.  The reception area in the front of teh restaurant was perfect for mingling beforehand and for opening gifts.  It can get a little loud with the music but after we asked them to turn it down, everything was fine.  Our servers went above-and-beyond to make sure that the bride and all of the guests had plenty of beverages and were well taken care of.  Christian was great and even helped keep the little-ones entertained, I can't say enough about the service.  And the food was great!  We went with the tea service and I wish I had some of those tuna melts right now, YUM!   It's a bit pricey but if you can swing it, I definitely recommend it for a bridal or baby shower.Love the food, deserts.... and love that items are sourced as locally as possible, along with being organic...Went here for brunch and loved it.  BUT remember they only serve brunch on the weekends!  Overall a great experience and would definitely come back.  I got the smoked salmon dish.  It was a good amount and along with their hot chocolate...couldn't complain!lovely little spot. really good food. burger was number two, but i ate the number one, and this is way better. a little loud, and my waitress was slightly kooky. great dessert. and hot chocolate. amazing.Went for brunch and think it should be renamed Hot Coronary Heart Disease.  I had the quiche and while I like cheese and butter, this was far too much.  My husband had the bisquit and egg, probably made with a pound of butter.  I think if we didn't couple this with hot chocolate we wouldn't have had fat overload.    Be prepared for a rich brunch.Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice and you can call yourself Hot Chocolate.  I went here for the first time about a year ago for brunch with some girlfriends.  We found hairs (plural) in two of our dishes (including the macaroni and cheese). When we told our server he seemed more irritated with us than apologetic but took the dishes away.  When we received our bill they were still on it.  After some mild protesting the offending dishes were removed from the bill. It  took  about  a year to get me back in the door but this past Saturday I decided to give Hot Chocolate one more try.   I went with a friend excited to have a burger, which turns out is not on the brunch menu.  We sat down and were finally greeted by our server after about ten minutes.  I was sitting with cold coffee for the next twenty.  We started with the doughnuts which were delicious but put in our orders right away for brunch.  Somewhere in the neighborhood of thirty minutes later we received our meals.  Mine with a freezing cold egg on top.  My server did not return or check in with us for about ten minutes so my friend shared her meal with me while we waited.  When the server finally came back and I asked her to heat up my egg she took the dish and was back in about two minutes- with the same egg that was about two degrees warmer.  Oh well.  She took off.  I had to flag her down for condiments- salt, pepper  We received the bill without  a word or a single offer to so much as make my coffee refresher on the house.  All in all, the second experience lived up to my first impression: a real disappointment but at least there hair involved.We went for brunch once a few years back and it was ehh.  But we have gone there twice in the past 4-5 months for dessert and drinks.  Its pricey but very good.  In the fall we had an absolutely delicious plum dessert.  My husband and I shared and it was plenty.  He ordered the Cold Chocolate which has vodka, something he usually dislikes, but found it so delicious he ordered it again the last time we went.  I ordered the dark chocolate version of their hot cocoa.  It was very good and very filling.  I could not finish.  We had the Glorious Apple (?) dish this last time.  Highly disappointed in the apple tart.  It was just plain boring.  I could have got the same thing at Panera.  But the cream puff thing with the caramel was the dish's saving grace.  SCRUMPTIOUS!Had high expectations based on the buzz, but overall I was disappointed.  We were in the place for 20 minutes before being able to order a drink, and then another 10 min before getting one.  The apps & sides were the highlights of the meal... the brussels sprouts and octopus were fabulous.  Had to literally get up and find the waitress to get another bottle of wine once the entrees arrived, but after that she did bring it quickly.  However, the burger was too finely ground and the meat was a bit bland.  The bacon and egg topping added flavor but the beef did not stand up to it.  Overall I don't regret going but I don't think I'll be back.Yum.  I've heard about Hot Chocolate for years and had never gotten around to it.  Ordered some hot chocolates while waiting for a table, so delicious.  My only complaint is that it was so rich I had less of an appetite for the fantastic breakfast.  Hostess staff was all business.  We sat at the bar and the bar tender was super friendly and attentive to our needs.  This is now my new favorite spot when I'm in the mood for a decadent brunch.Went for dessert, not a full meal. The chocolate cake surrounded by a buttermilk and honey syrup was great. Also asked for a hot chocolate with skim milk to lighten it up, which was actually great. My husband had a port which he really liked.My husband and I went to Hot Chocolate for dinner on a Sat. night.  Everything was OK, but I think the place is over rated and not at all worth the price.  The soup we ordered was delicious, but the hamburger that my husband had and the tuna that I had were just OK.  The tuna needed seasoning, but there was no salt nor pepper on the table, and by the time the waitress came back around, we had eaten the meals.  We ordered hot chocolate, which I thought was way to syrupy.  I enjoyed the first few sips, but left the rest because it was just too sweet.  (and I am a huge sweets person)  Just not as good as I was hoping for.great atmosphere, delicious food, bustling. awesome, flavorful hot chocolate (of course). the scallops are a must try!I had my first dining experience at Hot Chocolate tonight.  The hot chocolate (I ordered the Vanilla Bean Butterscotch) was the best I've ever had.  The shrimp and grits was an elevated version of what my mom makes.  And for dessert I had the banana bread pudding which was among the best I've had as well.  The ambiance is chic but a little too dark; we could barely read the menu.  I also only gave it 4 stars because the service left much to be desired.  We settled for bar seating to avoid the wait.  Unfortunately, the server / bartender started taking the orders of people who sat down after we did.  When we said something to him about it he was apologetic and a little more attentive.  I also felt the prices were a bit much.  I would definitely go back but I'm not in a hurry to do so either.We went to Hot Chocolate for my friend's birthday dinner last night. Had a great time and the food was delicious, but the service was mediocre. With 9 people in our party, I understand that having that many people was a little overwhelming (the place isn't that big and I wouldn't recommend it if you plan on having more than 5-6 people in your group.) However, the waiter was nice to one half of the group and not to the other, oddly. When one in our group asked (after a 20 min wait) why she still hadn't received her cocktail, she got a snippy "sorRY!" answer from the waiter. She would've been more patient were it not for the fact that someone else in our group had already received their food by that point. So I would suggest only going there in small groups. The setting is too intimate (and when it's busy - cramped) for a large group and apparently the wait staff don't like serving that many people.With a name like Hot Chocolate I knew I need to save room for dessert. My friend ordered the beet salad. OMG someone stole the beets! Oh no they are just hidden under the 4 pieces of lettuce. The taste was good, the issue she had was that it was just that..."a taste". We split a grilled cheese on pumpernickle w a side of apple slaw. Can no one in this city master apple slaw?? The grilled cheese however was very good. I ordered a chocolate peanut butter concoction for dessert.The name escapes me......to my dismay the dessert was unmemorable as well. With so many positive reviews, I feel I must return to see what I may have missed.We sampled their medium hot chocolate and homemade marshmallows on a Chicago Food Planet tour.  It was the best we've ever had.  We went back to purchase some things after the tour, and there was a bit of a snafu, but the associate very graciously corrected it and threw in a bonus.  It is so rare to receive that kind of customer service.  We are super pleased!So this was a bittersweet experience. I'll start with the sweet. The hot chocolate here was fantastic. It was rich and creamy and tasty as can be; like drinking pure melted chocolate. We all loved our drink and the home-made marshmallows that came with it.The bitter was some weird service. First, we went on a sunday afternoon and there were only two other parties in the restaurant. For some reason, they would only seat us in the front "lounge" section and not at a real table, even though we asked for a table. The hostess didn't really say why we had to sit in the lounge, which was odd. Second, despite having what looks like a superb lineup of desserts (which we had come for) they didn't have any available. That one was a bit inexplicable. The last strange thing was that for their hot chocolate selection they only have one menu, so we had to pass that around and then give it back. Why they didn't have more menues is beyond me.So, excellent hot chocolate and I might go back to try desserts, but strangely bad service.We stopped in here for drinks and dessert one night.  We told the hostess that we would like to sit at the bar, as I don't like taking a server's table for just drinks and desserts, and she had to check with another couple to make sure they didn't want the open seats first.  Apparently the hostess seats the bar and it's not first come first serve?  Weird, anyway.  We had a chocolate martini, glass of dessert wine, and a seasonal pumpkin dessert.  All three were amazing!  The chocolate martini was perfect, and pumpkin dessert was just the right amount of sweet.  It came with a couple of what appeared to be freshly cooked donut holes.  The bartender was very attentive.  The dinner menu did not appear to be very impressive, but that may have been because we had already eaten.  I would definitely return to Hot Chocolate for drinks and desserts!Arrived her at 10:30am on a Sunday and we were seated right away at the bar -- a huge plus, given how overcrowded brunch places are in Chicago. Service overall was good and friendly. I had a hard time deciding on food but was sold by their quiche, since it had "foraged" wild mushrooms and cheese from my fave-place Zingerman's. When it arrived, I was pretty disappointed. It was different from any other quiche I've ever had, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the texture just didn't appeal to me. It was very custardy, very light, and...bland (cheese and mushroom were few and far between) -- not the hearty, rich meal I was expecting. The french press coffee was tasty, but I tried my friend's hot chocolate (their traditional version) and it was TOO too sweet and thick for me. I'm sure I could go back to this place and find a delicious meal and more well-balanced hot cocoa, but I was disappointed by this first trip of mine. We'll see if I make it back.Went with 3 girlfriends. Had the tasting $20 plate. I was expecting a lot given the price tag, but it was seriously overpriced and disappointing. The mini cocktail was cute and good but the rest was nothing amazing. It was good but not owwww like. Overpriced. I like the decor though and it's cool that they take reservations. I went there another time too to get dinner food which was not mind blowing either, at the exception of a chocolate shake...I have been to Hot Chocolate years ago and most recently, after they the menu and location was revamped. I can honestly say that I loved the old place/menu but could not stand the service in the PAST. I put up with the rude hostesses and servers, who treated you like it was an honor to speak to them, because the food was great. With the new changes, not only is the food terrific but the service is too! We went for desserts and milkshakes and they were amazing! The donuts are a must!! If you had a bad experience in the past, go go go now and you will like it!Amazing food and amazing desserts.  I look forward to going back!I love this place!  My family and I have been going for over a year. I love the brunch on the weekends and lunch is awesome.  The servers are great, and Mindy is the best.  For lunch you have to get the burger, I think it is the best in Chicago!  And of course the deserts-awesome.  For brunch try a bloody mary!!!!I selected Hot Chocolate to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday with ten of our friends. I made the reservation over a month in advance, and we were to be seated at the "chef's table." It was a reasonably cool set up, away from the rest of the tables, with a view of the kitchen, partially behind a curtain. We were seated right on time, but it went downhill from there. Once our server had our food orders, we were pretty much on our own. With our view of the kitchen, we could see our appetizers just sitting there for several minutes, getting cold. I had an empty beer and an empty water glass for 10-15 minutes before I finally was able to flag down our server to ask for another drink.  After that we just gave up on him and started flagging down another server because ours was nowhere to be found. He seemed visibly agitated that he was having to serve our table (understandable, since we weren't his table), so we quit bothering him too.The food was actually pretty solid for the most part, and my medium rare burger would have been perfect had it not been cold by the time a server (not our server, who was still m.i.a.) brought it over. One of our party was pregnant, and therefore had to order her burger cooked at least medium. Another person is just a poor, misguided soul with no good excuse and she ordered her burger cooked medium well. The 4th burger our group ordered was also supposed to be cooked medium. What we got was 4 medium rare burgers. We flagged down someone else's waiter (our missing waiter was the theme of the night) and sent two of the burgers back. My pregnant friend's burger came back exactly as it had been before, still medium rare (I thought it looked delicious, but I'm a dude and fortunately not pregnant) and even colder than it was the first time we got it. The other burger came back, also still medium rare, but without the fried egg that used to be on it, and with an extra slice or two of soggy, apparently microwaved bacon.The one positive side effect of the burger drama was that someone actually got our server's attention and he paid our table a rare visit! He must have felt somewhat bad at that point (or maybe he could tell we were not happy), and for the last hour and a half of the three hours we sat there we at least had beverages in front of us rather than sad, empty glasses. All of the other entrees (halibut, steak, a salad) were fine.  We ordered a round of desserts, but I did not try any of them so I don't know how they were. The waiter did bring us some sort of free doughnut holes and caramel corn to make up for what he referred to as "the kitchen's issues." The caramel corn was not great, and we barely touched it. There were 11 of us, and he brought us 8 complementary doughnut holes (nice math, guy!), so those of us that got one enjoyed them. They also discounted our bill $50, which was fair and more than the price of the 2 orders that were messed up and sat there mostly untouched. I was very tempted to stiff the waiter and not leave a tip, but I caved since we'd been there for 3 hours and he at least made an effort to take care of us for the last part of the night, anyway.All in all, I would go back here with a group of 2-4 and make sure we had a different server. I have a feeling the food would be much better if it was not cold, and when I can enjoy it with a beer instead of an empty glass. I'll never go back on a weekend night, but I would check it out for dinner on a weeknight.I have eaten there several times and enjoyed the food( apps, dinner and dessert), but the portions are small and pricey. The tables are very close to each other making it hard to have a romantic dinner.We used to go to this place for dessert only.  Then we went for Sunday brunch and had food first.  Although the wait seemed long, there was a lot to be distracted by. It's got a great feel.  Anyway burgers were great, as were the salads.  But servings were hearty, or was that because of what we chose?  Anyway, we were full but managed to still enjoy our usuals-hot chocolate and donuts.  Love it!My favorite Brunch spot for sure... Even when it is busy and I have to wait I will most likely just sit at the bar and enjoy a very nice bartender and personable service.. The last time I ate brunch there I had shrimp and grits and it was amazing!!!  I love that the menu changes enough so that I can order something different nearly every time.  And I always get the tasty smoke fish platter as a starter it is simple yet tasty.. Keep it up kitchen..I ran in to get a Hot Chocolate to go while shopping on Damen.  I was shocked that a little hot chocolate could cost $7!!!  Way overpriced.I was very excited to try Hot Chocolate, as I just moved to the area and had heard mixed reviews on it.  We brought friends so we had a total of 6 people.  We had a reservation for 8pm.  We STILL had not received our appetizers by 9:45pm!!!  Eventually they came and we had to wait another 40 minutes for our entrees.  Not once did anyone apologize.  Our waiter forgot to bring our glasses of wine we requested so each time we ordered a glass, 20 minutes would go by and we'd have to ask.But, the final straw was when the owner, Mindy, came over to our table and asked if we wanted to see dessert menus.  We didn't know she was the owner and we all said, we'll we've been here for 3 hours so unfortunately no.  Her response was "what are you trying to get something for free from me. Because if so, it's not happening."  We were all appauled by her treatment towards us customers.  We told her how long we'd been waiting for our food and she could have cared less...never apologized, nothing.  The food was ok, nothing great and definitely obnoxiously overpriced.  All 6 of us feel so strongly about this bad experience that we are going to do everything in our power to spread the word not to give Hot Chololate and ESPECIALLY Mindy, the owner, business.  The is no excuse to treat customers anything but nice, especially when they're paying for a pricey dinner and have to wait almost 2 hours just for the first course.  PLEASE DO NOT GIVE HOT CHOCOLATE BUSINESS!  Hopefully Mindy can learn how to treat a customer right...if not, I hope her business begins to suffer as the word is spread about how poorly she conducts herself.Used to love this place, refused us dessert at 9:30 pm saying they were closed, on a tuesday for my best friend's 30th birthday!  call ahead before making plans here!I did not do dinner but we did dessert at 1130 ish and it was amazing. Rather pricey but well deserving so to enjoy yourself plan to spend more than ten dollars for just a hot chocolate. The hot chocolate is huge, delicious and accompanied by a delicious homemade marshmallow . The deserts are  in high demand so they were actually out of some things but the apple pie was everything you could hope for . The ambiance is lovely, so discret outside with the sweating glass. Perfect for a date, actually what it is meant for I am sure. I want to try dinner but dessert was really great and I cannot wait to go back !Very disappointing.  We wanted to try this restaurant due to viewing their website.  Which come to find out was extremely old and they no longer offered any of those items.  It was so loud, we could hardly hear each other talk.  I had the short rib and it was extremely fatty, dry and the sauce was awful.  Which I was never asked why I sent it back looking like I hardly touched it.  My partner wanted to get the Scallops, but they ran out the day before.  I find it hard to believe they couldn't find somewhere in Chicago to get Scallops during the day for evening dinner.  Will never be returning again.Had dinner at Hot Chocolate last week.  While the food was tasty and very fresh I can't say it was the absolute best meal we've ever had, but it was very good.  However, the service was exceptional.  Our server let us try a couple different wines, he was incredible patient with all our questions and was all around very friendly and fun.  It's stressful ordering food because so much of the menu looks so good but you want to make sure you save room for dessert!  So overall a great evening.  Would recommend.from appetizers to desert, i was able to feed my hedonistic side. the pate and accoutrements: yum. the duck entree and the lamb sausage sammich: both, got the "mmmmmph, that's GOOD."  best thing tho, was our server who was able to pair a great farmhouse ale with the entire meal. that gets you points in my book. so, overall about a 1000+ hedons.Overpriced, pretentious, rude servers, disappointing food.  What's the big deal about this place?  Once was enough for me.Excited to try the place and was very impressed. Had brunch there today and had an incredible duck hash with fingerling potatoes, eggs and roasted vegetables. Perfectly executed and great presentation. Also shared their donuts to start with quite possibly the best homemade Raspberry jam I can remember. Had a great bloody mary and coffee made in a French press. Really reasonable all things considered--$10-15 per brunch entree.I like hot chocolate. I really do. I do not like however, that carmel popcorn come with every single effing dessert. No, I do not want popcorn with my doughnuts. Nor with my milkshake. I just want the damn milkshake. And PLEASE switch around the dessert choices? I come here about once a season, and they are always the same. With all this said-I adore the dark hot chocolate. It's by far my favorite, and I can't seem to find a better one. My friend swears the Mexican hot chocolate is just as good, but I find it a bit to cinnamon-y for my taste. Not enough chocolate to cut through! The beet salad (when it's on the menu-they do change that seasonally) is divine; if you like beets! The mac & cheese? Shut the front door. awesome!! Carb & cheese lovers dream! I've had a few very delicious meals here, the atmosphere is cozy (you might elbow your neighbor) I feel like I'm actually in a cup of hot chocolate-if hot chocolate were a loft-like-warehouse space. Parking is difficult, unless you valet, of course; but expect to wait around for Mr Valet to come out of wherever he's hiding to fetch your car..esp in the middle of say..February? I love the little mesh screened curtains to designate the "private party" tables, you're separate (technically) from the restaurant, but not so separate you loose the feel of the restaurant. Neat. This is a date place, by far. Cozy seating, or in the "lounge area" in the front; although beware, sometimes when they're super busy & you try to walk in, you get sent there with the 20 other mopes that didn't call ahead either. One starts to feel like a second class citizen. But, you can order a drink & dessert there, so at least you can drink and socialize with the other "I forgot to reserve a table..gee-are they always this busy?" peopleI had finished a nice Italian dinner and on the way home drove by Hot Chocolate.  When I walked in I told the hostess I just wanted a quick hot chocolate dessert.  She said that I could take something to-go.  I pointed out a chair at the bar and she said "If you are just getting hot chocolate ... some people may want to eat dinner".   Really?  I can't sit at the bar for 10 minutes and try the supposedly great hot chocolate?  How pretentious can a restaurant be that serves hamburgers and hot chocolate.  I think I can find bar food and desserts elsewhere from now on.Delicious food, great presentation, hip atmosphere, and excellent hot chocolate.  I'll definitely go again.The desserts are awesome, but the food is mediocre at best. It tries to be trendy and fancy, but falls short. There are hundreds of better places to eat in the city. And I wouldn't normally waste time to give an average review, but the atmosphere is really pretentious. It's a very hipster, too cool to be bothered attitude which is for some people, but you almost feel guilty to ask your waitress to refill your water. Places like that bother me, and I'm sure bother other yelp readers.spent nearly $70 on Sunday brunch and would gladly do so again - wow, everything wonderful, from perfectly spiced Bloody Mary to delicious breakfast this place has it going on - packed so be prepared - great place to wow someone from out of townI've been to Hot Chocolate maybe five times now and it never ceases to impress me.  Every time I leave happier and more satisfied than the last.  The dessert is to die for, the dinner equally as impressive, and Mindy is a talented and incredible woman.Sad to say this place is on the decline, from service to food quality.I love this place!!! I frequent it often.  I always order the same thing: Mac and cheese and a Mexican hot chocolate.  Together it will set you back around $16.00.  I'm stuffed when I leave and can't look at food for a full day after feasting there. Great food, reasonable prices, great waitstaff, even the busboys are terrific.  The owner is always there, that's probably why it's so consistently good.Wow. This place really blew me away. I didn't know what to expect from dinner, given it was a dessert place. We got the mussels and beet salad to start. The mussels were some of the best Ive ever eaten. Fresh, drenched in a delicious garlicky creamy sauce with little bites of bacon. The flavor was out of this world. The best part was, you get a TON. Plenty to share, a must try.The beet salad was amazing, refreshing, dressing was perfect, and it was a large portion. For dinner we had the hamburger which was good, but not something I would recommend, I say go a little more exotic at this place, its worth it (not to say the hamburger wasn't good). I got the risotto which was amazing. Rich and covered in crispy tasty root veg, another healthy portion size. The dessert is a must. The pastry chef is a Beard Award winner and for good reason. The salty caramel chocolate souffle was out of this world. I will be going back to try all of their desserts. Great atmosphere, friendly wait staff, fabulous evening!!my husband and i had dinner reservations at 7:30pm. we arrived 30mins early and the hostess was kind enough to seat us right away despite our early arrival.our server was knowledgeable, and answered all of our questions (i had a ton of them.)they use local ingredients and everything is fresh.we had the soup of the day (butternut squash puree-vegan.) amazing. we also shared the mussels for appetizer. the mussels were fresh, not gritty, and the sauce was so good-it's served with grilled bread, which was perfect for soaking the yummy sauce!my hubby had the steak dish. perfectly seared and served medium, just the way he likes it. (isn't it annoying when you order your steak medium and it comes to you well done? well that did not happen here!)i ordered the chicken dish which was amazing.for dessert, we ordered the hot chocolate (mexican) it had a pinch of cayenne pepper, and interesting yet delicious twist to your typical hot chocolate. we also shared the pecan pie. the pie was made with bacon fat...need i say more?high quality food with perfect portions for decent price.I have really enjoyed brunch at Hot Chocolate. The quiches are amazing and the scrambles are cooked perfectly--no burned eggs. The waiters all seem to enjoy being there which lends to the festive vibe.  As crowded as they get on Sunday, guests are always seated quickly.  It gets my best brunch vote in Bucktown.Sat at the bar. Alex, our bartender, suggested I try a pork chop (grunthrop farms) special. Apparently we got the last one in the house, great tip!  We had already settled on the mussels but after hearing the description I went all in. Fantastic. Best chop I've ever had. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Mac and cheese: phenomenal and very filling. I enjoyed a cocktail made with violet liqueur and gin as well as a apple brandy cocktail that reminded me of a perfectly made negroni. Excellent service (Alex is a true natural behind the bar), excellent food and great ambiance. Don't pass this place up!my god i paid 5 bones for a shake and they serve it in a shot glass!!! what is up with that shiet?My husband and I came to Mindy's Hot Chocolate with our children on a Saturday night.  There was no wait for a table which was nice.  We ordered mac&cheese for the kids which arrived almost instantaneously.  It was burnt which was a problem for our kids.    The other issue for kids is that their only forks are enormous.  We had to ask 3 different servers to obtain normal sized teaspoons so they could attempt to eat the burnt mac&cheese.  We had the roasted artichokes for an appetizer.  They were bland at best- I would not recommend them.  I wanted to order the chicken, but our server talked me out of it.  She said there was a 25 min wait time for it to be prepared.  In retrospect, I should have ordered it.  I waited 45min for a hamburger that was average at best.  Our server did not check in with us while we were waiting for our entrees.  My husband  ordered the crab cake sandwich.  It was gross.  He ended up taking half of my burger.  Our server gave us some cookies because we were polite about our long wait for the entrees.  They were OK.  Cookies from the bakery at any grocery store are better.I don't know what it takes to earn a James Beard award these days, but it appears to be nothing.  I am extremely disappointed.  I went on a Thursday night and there were not many people there.  We were seated immediately, but we had to wait 20 minutes to order.  The hostess said that the waitress was very busy because two big groups came in, but I looked around and saw four people.  We ordered the mac and cheese and the cheddar melt.  The mac and cheese was really macaroni noodles floating in a big bowl of cheese soup.  The cheddar melt was a grilled cheese sandwich made with terrible cheese, old bread, soggy potato chips, and shredded apples.  I expected that the apples would be creative, but they were not.  They were merely shredded apples.  Hot Chocolate has a full bar and we ordered a mojito.  The whole basis of a mojito is the crushed mint leaves.  Here they were not crushed, but just thrown into the glass.  Instead of tasting like a mojito, it tasted like syrup soda.  Despite the terrible meal, I still held high hopes for the dessert.  Again, I was sorely disappointed.  The chocolate souffle tasted like any chocolate lava cake or souffle you can get anywhere.  And it was tiny.  The lemon/blueberry dessert was sour and tart - not in a good way.  To make matters worse, this disappointing meal was $80.  I will tell everyone not to go to this place.I chose Hot Chocolate for brunch Sunday before heading to the theater.  Everything clicked perfectly.  It starting with street parking right in front, a cheerful hostess to greet us, a helpful waitress who provided great service, and a menu that made you want to try everything.  My Bloody Mary was garnished with a stuffed olive, salami, pickle, and came with a beer chaser.  The canadian scramble was delicious.  My coffee was served in a press which I made a mess of and had grounds all over the table.  Mindy, the owner, noticed what had happened and came to the rescue.  In an instant she cleaned up the mess and brought a fresh coffee to our table.  She said she wanted our visit to be perfect, and it was.  My friend loved the wine the waitress recommended and said her expresso was superb.  Save room for the homemade cookies.  Our experience was a delight from beginning to end.  I'll be back.This establishment has absolutely no respect for people, their time, or their money. I booked a party for December 15, settled on a time and a menu, and paid a $100 deposit to hold the date. A few weeks later, I receive a cryptic email from Kelly, a manager, that there's a "small problem with December 15. What's a phone number I can reach you at?" I responded within 1 minute with a phone number and did not receive a call for hours. Finally, I called her because I wanted to know what the "small problem" was. Guess what? It was a huge problem - the owner's mother wanted to have a party on the same date, so of course mine was canceled. Kelly said she was "phenomenally embarrassed" and that "this has never happened to me before!" I certainly didn't care that it had never happened to her before - the fact that it was happening to me was all that mattered, and she failed to realize that. Then, thinking she was being gracious, she offered to refund my $100 deposit. A completely ridiculous offer since the purpose of the deposit was to hold the date - if they refuse to hold the date, then my deposit should be returned. Kelly promised the check would be in the mail by the next business day. One and a half weeks later, I still had not received the check. I then called three days in a row: Tuesday - spoke to Kelly directly, and she said she'd follow up that day; Wednesday - spoke to someone else who took down my message because Kelly was busy, but received no call or email; Thursday - was told that there were no managers available and that they had been closed on Tuesday and Wednesday anyway, suggesting I couldn't have spoken to anyone on those days (liar - I spoke to real live people both days). Finally got a manager (not Kelly, thank God) on the phone who said she would look into it and get back to me. I have still not heard back. These people are unprofessional and they have cheated me out of my time and my money. Don't think they won't do the same to you.with the name "Hot Chocolate" the hot chocolate better be mind blowing....  Boy does it deliver!  the brunch and dinner menus are also fantastic though I feel a bit expensive for what you get (brunch especially).  Otherwise this is a great place to go to celebrate or visit for a special occasion.came here for a dessert after a bad meal,was seated at the bar with my friend we both ordered coffee which came out fast.my friend ordered the brioche donuts while i opt for chocolate#1.my desert came after about 10 minutes and happily devoured it.my friend meanwhile was still waiting and waiting.after finishing my food we inquired about her order.the bartender/waiter quickly told us he will bring a fresh batch because it was mistakenly served to the guy next to us without him knowing it.we were telling him to just cancel it but he turned his back quickly on us like he never heard a thing and handed us the bill,my friend meanwhile was upset and told me he should've not charge us cause he made us wait and ignored the fact that  no food came in front of her.the bartender i think overheard her and took the check from her and said never mind.i just think he was rude reckless and very unfriendly....overrated and overpricedAbsolutely amazing meal.  The new menu, new decor and new atmosphere is fantastic. It has a more open and airy feel now. The menu was expansive and includes all local ingredients.  We got the shrimp and grits w/ bacon for an appetizer. Believe me, you want to get this too.  It was a perfect way to start the meal.  I am still thinking about how good the shrimp and grits were, and we left the restaurant 3 hours ago!  I had the spinich salad w/strawberries, rhubarb and pork for dinner  (I knew I wanted to save room for dessert), and my husband got the burger.  It was hands-down the best burger we have ever tasted. The burger was juicy, and the bun was fresh and garlic-y.  For dessert, we had the gooey chocolate souffle. I highly recommend this dessert!  You won't go wrong ordering this.  It comes with salted carmel ice cream and a salted pretzel. Our server, Laura, was wonderful as well.  She was helpful and very attentive.  Mindy - you most definitely earned the James Beard Award. Congratulations, and best of luck to you.  We have been to Hot Chocolate a few times several years ago, but now that we know what this place is now I will 100% be back ... probably more than once!