RPM struggles in one sense. It can't decide if it's a small dish (ie tapas style) type of place or if it's just a normal high end restaurant. The plates are very small, but they are priced as if they're normal entree sizes at one of the other River North Italian places. For instance, the raviolo is at most four bites of food but priced as if it's a full entree at like $16. Even the other pasta dishes are all quite small given prices ranging from $13-$20. But you'll need an appetizer or two or large dessert to substantiate RPM being a full dinner.The dishes are very good. I had the carbonara which was delicious. Great pancetta flavor throughout the dish and they break the egg yolk at the table which is what you'd expect at a higher end restaurant. It was delicious and one of the few pasta options that actually looked filling. I also tried the bucatini which was very good. I love pesto and it had a good pesto flavor, if anything it could've used even more pesto and basil.But the best part of the meal for me was, without doubt, the dessert. I had the tartufo which was absolutely sublime. Full of perfectly meshed flavors and great texture. Absolutely loved it and it may be enough on its own to convince me to return. The chocolate shell was great and the hazelnut gelato was great. Fantastic. I tried a couple other desserts on the menu other people had ordered, but the tartufo was the best. Worth the a bit of a hefty price tag.Very surprisingly disappointed with the food and service this time. First time we came here, we had a slightly quieter table so could carry on a conversation, the waiter was very friendly, and the food was delicious! We had ordered all vegetarian items then, which turned out very well. Last night, we got right near the bar so it was very rowdy, the waiter was nice but not seemed busy/not really present, and the food was the most disappointing aspect. This time, we ordered all non-vegetarian items...600 day prosciutto, meatballs, lobster caprese, lobster ravioli, carbonara, and eggplant parm (ok, 1 veggie item). The carbonara was probably the best item, everything else...while it was still good, it was certainly not great and not worth the small portion/high price on their menu. Imm so bummed about this...I really hyped up this place to my friends :/The main (and really only) saving grace, foodwise, was the one item not listed on the menu - the donuts!! Still as fluffy and airy and sweet as I remembered them! And the nutella and mascarpone on the side was heavenly!! I wish I could have licked it clean! :) Don't know what happened, RPM. Maybe just a bad night, or maybe the vegetarian items are their specialty? Either way, this was a real bummer.Amazing food. I love the decor too.Seriously, everything on the menu is excellent. Small portions though.Love this place!! The food is honestly awesome. I've gone twice now and everything I ate was unique and delicious. A MUST order is the truffled garlic bread. I've had a ton of Gaelic bread in my day, but this is hands-down the best. It's garlicky, cheesy, toasted to perfection, and it has. Kick of truffle to make it unlike any other garlic bread. The bucatini with marinara is a classic- if suggest getting it with the big meatball. The meatball is delicious- super soft and flavorful! The squid ink pasta with spicy king crab is a star... The spaghetti is fresh-made and it has a good amount of crab in the dish. The portion is small, but it's definitely an item I would recommend getting. It's spicy too! Goes well with a good red.I hear the desserts here are great to... Next time I will have to save some room.Great service, great atmosphere, great food!Well I have to say, first and foremost, I was most impressed with the service. We had a fantastic waiter who made all sorts of recommendations to us from good wines to good appetizers. The appetizers were delicious, albeit VERY small. Not really much to share there. We ended up ordering five appetizers for a table of four people. We also ordered some pasta's - my favorite being the cavatelli. The cavatelli was actually my favorite part of the meal (and the pasta's were the best course we had). My recommendation would be to cut back on the appetizers and go hog wild on the pasta. As for the entree, I was pretty underwhelmed. The pasta set a very high standard but the entree was pretty average. It was good, just nothing to write home about (I had the filet mignon, my favorite cut of meat). Overall, the restaurant gets more than an average rating due to the service. Everyone is so kind and helpful. As I mentioned our waiter was great but above that we had good service at the bar. The host stand folks were really helpful too - we had to add on to your reservation the day of and it was a busy evening (night before a holiday). They were very accommodating and worked to get us all seated.Overall - great service, decent food, skip the appetizers and double up on the cavatelli.Whatever you do, do not order the spaghetti and meatballs unless you'd like to relive those fond childhood memories of Chef Boyardee. I mean, I liked Chef Boyardee so I was able to eat the dish--no problem. It's just... I could have spent $1 on a can instead of the $17 here. My boyfriend thinks the meatball appetizer might have been better than the meatball in the spaghetti.. but what kind of trickery would that be?! I didn't want just a meatball, I had to get it with pasta. The huge dessert ball was good, so were the giant prawns. Probably not good enough for a return visit, though. We shall see..Was excited to go with girlfriends in from out  of town. Wine was good and reasonable. Best was the truffle bread to start. The spicey king crab was just ok. We all agreed it was good but not amazing. But we shared the donuts that were good and hot.RPM has a really trendy and hip feel. If you plan on going-- make at  reservation!!! We were lucky enough to score a table at the bar, but had to stalk the first table we saw that looked like they would be finishing soon.I thought the prices were very reasonable, but when I got my food I realized it was because the portions were so small. Our table got the aged garlic bread to start which was so delicious and I got the lobster ravioli for my entree which I would highly recommend.All and all, it was a great experience but I am giving it 4 stars due to portion size.Hit this place up a few weeks ago and just getting around to writing the review.  We sat at the bar as a walk up on a Thursday.  Smaller young woman as our bar tender and she was very good.  Pleasant to talk to, good drinks, very attentive even with a crowded bar.  Very good at her job just do not remember her name.  From Michigan so she impressed me enough that my wife and I remember that detail.  Management reads this and knows who I am mentioning... great job.This rating was tough as I really enjoyed some of the food and found some of it lackluster.  Usually you do not find such differentiation from dish to dish.  Great is great from plate to plate is my normal experience.  If there were half stars I might go 3.5 as Solid wine list by the glass and by the bottle.  So very positive there.The food was mixed with some of the best I have had and other dissappointing600 Day Prosciutto... I was expecting incredible as I just simply love cured meats but it failed to deliver.  I was under impressed by this particular discuss and would suggest avoiding it.  Was drier than it should be and lacked much taste.  I would end up saying it was slightly waxy in the end.  Shredded Brussel sprout salad...now just so everyone is aware I absolutely hate these but my wife loves them.  She has made them at least a dozen different ways for me but to no avail I continue to hate them.  This salad...What?  I liked it.  So I would suggest it as it made me enjoy brussel sprouts.  The one and only time I would order something with them again.  So nicely done.Fritto Misto...  This sounded awesome as i love these types of dishes with lemon cut thin and fried into the dish.  Publican does an incredible one with belly on clams.  This I wanted to love but it ended up sub-par.  More of a tempura batter which I was not expecting.  I was hoping for a very very light breading almost sauteed but no such luck.  I think many folks would like this dish.  The shrimp were very good as they were cooked perfectly but reminded me of something I would end up with a sushi joint.  Just not what I was hoping for but I will say prepared well as these can sometimes be over cooked ruining the seafood.Meatball...  This takes the show.  A must order if you go to the restaurant.  My wife and I are meatball junkies.  Eat them in every Italian neighborhood we visit from city to city.  Ordered them like crazy the 2 trips to Italy.  Best meatball to date was served to us in Boston's North End at Nico's.  So whenever we go to Boston we end up at Nico's.  This meatball... dare I say this... beat it.  Best meatball I have had.  They were small so I was half expecting them to be dry but they end up moist and so light.  My wife makes pretty darn good meatballs but this place blows them out.  Not sure how they do it as we do milk and bread and have tried other methods to keep them moist and light but these were ridiculous.  If I am walking by randomly I believe I would stop in to have a plate of meatballs.  Love to know the recipe.Finished with the Pansotti which was very good.  Who doesn't like cream based dishes?So overall food was a solid 3 due to varying levels of execution with the meatballs being a 6.  Staff was great.  Wine and cocktails were very good.  Atmosphere was very nice.Excellent atmosphere and definitely a place to have a tastey meal in a hip environment!  Whether you choose to dine in the dinning area or have your meal in the bar area, you can't go wrong. Up beat music plays in the background while great conversations are happening abound. Now down to the food and drinks... :) plenty of food choices with portion sizes to fill the tummy but not to a glutinous point. I started with a shredded Brussels sprouts/avocado salad, followed by a potato gnocchi in a sausage taping chili flake sauce. The palette was pleased!  I finished the meal off with the must have chocolate hazelnut dessert ball. Mmm mmm. Definitely save room for this treat!  The salad had an enjoyable spice to compliment the flavors of the salad, making the brussel sprouts a pleasure to eat. The gnocchi was very soft and delicately made.  The sauce was more of a Marsala style, so if you want a res sauce base, you need to ask for the "Sunday gravy" aka the red sauce. And now on to the dessert... Tartufo aka chocolate hazelnut ball. One phrase:  " omg amazing!"  A must order for chocolate lovers. The Arista Sonoma pino noir had great character to compliment the rest of the meal. Next time I will try a cocktail.Excellent wine and cocktail selection that pairs well with any of the great entrees. Oh forgot to mention, wonderful service that is attentive and engaging. They help to navigate the menu as well as have great conversations.This place is definitely on my revisit list. Reservations recommended for larger groups and this place is very popular.This is not a place where you go to pig out! But you go for the atmosphere, good company, taste small portions of a bunch of food, have a few drinks, and hopefully see some celebrities.  I give the food overall a 4 and it is good quality food (obviously depending on what you get) but yes it is on the pricey side.  To be honest, both times I have been there, the people I was with just ordered so I have no idea what I ate. I just know how much I spent $$$ and that it was pretty good food.  One thing I do remember was the tartufo which we ordered both times. YUM. I am a dessert fan.  Will be back here more times in the future and maybe next time I can actually remember what I ate :)Beautiful Resturant!! The decor is beautiful!! The food was delicious and the staff amazing!! The waitress was very helpful! We had children with us and they accommodated everything we needed!! We will definitely visit again.Ate here last Thursday with my family and did not have the best experience. The food/drinks were good (portions are small though) but the service was fair. For as much hype as this place receives I was disappointed.Service: The lady working the front was extremely rude, we were seated nearly thirty minutes after our reserved time (despite numerous tables being open) and the waiter often disappeared for extended periods of time (he was a nice though). Food: As mentioned above, the food was good. We had Lobster Caprese, Mushroom Arancini and Peppered Beef Carpaccio to start and I had the Potato Gnocchi for my entree. Everything was tasty but after the meal I was still hungry.I would recommend this place for a business dinner and/or first date (evenings focused around conversation; not experience)  but that is about it.Took my parents here for Father's Day dinner. Love the restaurant and food but the service was horrible. Our waiter kept disappearing and was never around when we needed something.Foodwise - the fritto miso was amazing, fish so fresh. Kale salad was ok- seemed to be missing something. Eggplant parm was AMAZIng - seriously my favorite dish here. The Sea bass was also done perfectly and so fresh! And of course we had the Tartufo - which is the most amazing dessert ever!!! As much as I love the food I'm taking a star off for service!Simply very good food. The sauce they use for their "Mama D..." Pasta is great, I loved the kick it had. Our server was great as well, he provided great service. We are a young couple, being in our early-mid 20's which in a lot of other restaurants we've seen how the servers treat us differently, but not here. Definitely will be returning and recommending RPM to friends.Great drinks, food and atmosphere.  You definitely need to have a reservation, we went on a Thursday and every table was full.  I recommend trying the spicy crab pasta.  We had a large group ordered several of the appetizers to share and ordered one of every dessert, they were all amazing! The prices were pretty good too, less than I expected.I no longer live in Chicago, so I was excited to try the hot new restaurant that everyone has been talking about. It was packed. Cool vibe, chic ambiance. We were seated at an awesome round table near the window and were promptly greeted by our server. I was surprised that the prices were reasonable, only to realize that the portions were small and would each require several plates.We shared a bunch of appetizers, all of which were delicious.I stuck with a simple Pappardelle Bolognese which was yummy, but a bit on the salty side, as was the Cavatelli which my husband ordered. Do order dessert. The salted caramel dessert was amazing.5 stars for food.  5 stars for service. 1 star for oppressively awful seating arrangements.  It is just ridiculous when your neighbor's ass drags across your table getting in and out.  WTH?  Just not acceptable in the least.If you are looking for a new slant on traditional Italian dinners, RPM is a great choice.Appetizers included thin-crust pizzas with shaved truffles. along with tasty garlic bread.Pasta, chicken, and seafood dishes were plentiful on the menu, along with some choice cuts of beef.I went another direction and ordered the pork chop, with a side of garlic mashed potatoes. It's been a while since I have had a good chop, and this one did not disappoint. In fact, this might have been one of the best cuts of pork that I've ever had.Several desserts ended up on the table, but, after all the wine and a couple of drinks called "Dark & Stormy", I can't seem to remember which ones we ordered (ha ha). They sure tasted good, though.I highly recommend RPM Italian if you are in or around downtown Chicago.I visited RPM Italian back in May while on a business trip to Chicago. This was my first time in Chicago and luckily my coworker had already made reservations for RPM because this meal was fantastic. To start, we ordered the fresh homemade ricotta with semolina toast, and the truffled garlic bread. The ricotta was insanely good, like so good that I wanted to just eat that for my entire meal. The truffled garlic bread was good, but I've had similar-tasting garlic bread before and there wasn't really anything special about it. For my main entrée, I chose one of the specials that night, which was a mushroom pasta dish. The mushrooms were perfectly cooked and mixed with a buttery sauce over pasta. Amazing. In terms of service, our waitress was very attentive and gave good recommendations, but I was a little turned off by the fact that we had to wait about 20 minutes at the bar until we were seated, even though we had made a reservation. This definitely seems like a sceney place and is good for people-watching.4.5!This is one of the best restaurants I've eaten at in a long time!The ambience was beautiful and Hubby and I rather enjoyed the loud house music in the background. People must be conscience that there is a nightclub next door they are competing with. But who eats ambience, the food...We had: Lobster caprese salad - beautiful presentation but lacked flavor - regretfully this is where I docked a starRicotta and toast - delish - not nearly enough marinara to enjoy with all of that cheese thoughOctopus - crispy, tender, well executedShaved artichoke salad - the bite of this was nice at first but as the dish goes on I could live without itSmoked eggplant pasta - the most favorite of the appetizers. Full of flavor, this one made me roll my head back! Hubby ordered the fillet mignon medium it came out....perfectly medium - without it running blood on the plate - niceI had the halibut - lightly seasoned with orange zest, nice and flaky - beautifulWe shared the asparagus and whipped potatoes. Loved them both and they complemented our entrees well. But if I had to choose I would pick the potatoes. Our server was well poised and a nice guy. They were a little slow removing our dishes to wrap them. But once they noticed we just literally wanted to taste everything (except or entrees we ate that!) They started removing plates faster, and replacing the silverware. All this under $200 (not including tip)A delish restaurant worth trying that has some pretty Happy Eats!This place was so absolutely delicious.  It was an overall great experience.First things first is their customer service.  We were there in the winter and the first table they sat us had a bit of a draft.  They moved us immeadiately, even though it was a busy Saturday night.  I was extremely pleased.The place is clubby, which is not usually my cup 'o tea, but I was able to put that aside with the excellent people watching that came with this place.Everything we had was amazing.  Some of the things we ordered were: provolone stuffed peppers, the meatballs, Guilianas salad, sweet  pea risotto, and Bills chocolate dessert.  I totally recommend every single thing I just listed.I can't remember everything we ordered, bbut there were 4 of us, and my one complaint was that it maybe wasn't enough.  Make sure you order enough food!  Usually with small plate restaurants, I order too much, but this definitely isnt the case here. Go big or go home!Great atmosphere, family friendly! For those with kids. Modern and gorgeous in the inside. Staff was really friendly. Waiter was great! Food was delicious and so was dessert! Definitely make reservationsI visited RPM for Sunday 'brunch'. It's not really a brunch spot, but they open at 12, so after late night out on Saturday, it's a great place for a hair of the dog. Atmosphere- large banquet seating and nice lightingFoodStarters-meatballs (excellent, great to share as a starter)- garlic truffle bread (the truffle taste is dwarfed by the cheese, as expected)- pizzette with shaved asparagus (average), not a lot of sauceMainsSince it was lunch, we stuck with pasta dishes:- sweet pea risotto: very light- raviolo a la rpm: a lot if egg (1 gigantic ravioli)- lobster ravioli: solid choice, larger portion than other dishes. We also had cocktails, which id say were the standout for lunch. Overall it's ok but not great. Solid Italian food, but not anything over the top. Slightly over priced for the flavors.Checked in at the host stand at reservation time, and was told it would be a while. What a while is, they could not tell me. Just that they would text me when our table was ready. We made our way to the bar, which was SRO. The bartender was nice and pretty quick with the drinks. We ended up waiting 32 minutes for our table, which to me is a bit too long. Whatever.Our server was very polished and professional. He suggested that we order three or four appetizers to share, a pasta each and then entrees, as he said their portions are small. I disagree. We had two appetizers, the lobster caprese and a truffle bread. Both delightful, but the lobster caprese is a must do. Three of us has pasta and no, the portions were not too small. We were full!! Two of us had the Bolognese, I added an appetizer meatball on mine and had to take some home. The gent in our quartet had the scallops, which were perfect along with the squid ink pasta. They brought to us a selection of gelatos in mini ice cream cones for the birthday girl. In addition, we ordered a chocolate dessert which was pretty dam good.It's a worthwhile restaurant, with great service, but the 32 minute wait was a bit more than what I thought was a good wait time.Hyped, Hyped and OVER - Hyped.This is the second time I've been here. The first time I went, I was pleasantly surprised and thought the food was well done. Unfortunately, my excitement for this upscale, small-plate, Italian restaurant blinded me from reality; It's just a restaurant to see and be seen. If you enjoy this sort of restaurant, than RPM is the place for you. Unfortunately, for me, that's not why I go to restaurants. I go for the food. I took my dad the second time around. He is Italian, through and through. I thought this would be a great place to take him since he enjoys fine dining and Italian food. It started to get ugly as soon as we walked in.  We were placed in the very back of the restaurant near the door where waitstaff were constantly traversing in and out of the kitchen. When my father asked if there was another table available (we saw about five empty tables), the maître d informed us that since we weren't frequent customers we did not have priority to sit at one of the other tables. (Rude, are we? Are we in a club??? Um no. )  When my father told them that we would wait for another table or leave, the maître d magically brought us to a table away from the traffic. WOW - that was by far one of the worst restaurant experiences ever. As for the food, it was OK (which is why I gave it two stars). The fritto misto and kale salad were fabulous; however, I thought the fitto misto was a bit on the expensive side for a few pieces of frozen seafood ($17 dollars). Sadly, all of our pasta dishes were dissappointing.  They were over-salted and for you foodies out there, you know what that means:  to cover whatever real flavor the dishes were lacking. The service was fairly inconsistent. When trying to order the appetizers, our waitress left before my other two guests could order. WOWOverall,RPM was not worth my time or my money. If RPM chooses to treat it's customers with little to no respect, I will do the same in my review. Oh, did I mention my dad wasn't impressed? Well, he wasn't. Get it together, RPM.Loved the decor and vibe of this trendy spot.  We accidentally made the reservation for 9:30pm on Sunday instead of Saturday night and they were nice enough to accommodate!  The host got us a table within 10 minutes.  Granted, it was later but still there were people still waiting.  It was a nice welcome as that could have ruined the night!We tried the blueberry version of a Moscow mule.  It was a little but sweet and had mint sprigs which some people didn't like.  I would get it again but after trying something else.There were 5 of us and we ordered the prosciutto, lobster caprese- amazing!, Brussel sprout salad, Guliana salad, lobster ravioli- definitely must order! And the bucatini which was eh, ok.  I'm not a fan of the thicker spaghetti pasta.  The Brussel sprout salad was amazing with avocado! The meatballs were ok but I prefer smaller vs large and soggy in the middle.  They were tasty so order them!The veal chop was pretty amazing!  Then we had the affogato and hazelnut caramel heaven!  That was delicious!  The affogato- I'd prefer to have got espresso so that if melts the gelato!  Service was great!  Will be back and recommending to others!Very tasty, trendy restaurant. We tried a variety if the small plates, all of which were very good. The tuna bruschetta and figs both stood out. The cavatelli Ragu and lobster ravioli were also very good. We enjoyed the whole experience and would definitely come back here again. Only minus was we tried to sit at the bar for a drink when we first arrived and after 15 minutes the bartender still hadn't acknowledged our presence- we finally just went back to the lobby and waited for our table to openFood is 3 stars.  Have been here 4 times, and its just mediocre at best.  Have had the Spaghetti/Meatball which should be an easy dish to knock out of the park and its 1 step above Chef Boyardee in flavor.  Little Pizzettes are pretty good.Ambiance is 5 stars with the exception of select snooty staff that are usually manning the Host/Hostess stand.My mister and I wanted to go somewhere nice for date night before we go back to Arizona. Im glad we went here. Minus had us waiting for 15 minutes when we had reservations.Great atmosphere. I like the ambiance here. Its a night club kind of feel. So... the garlic bread?!?!?!?! Thumbs up. The ravioli was delicious,  quite lemony.  Just the way I like it.I didn't like my potatoe Gnocchi, maybe im use to the ones in Arizona.  :)) so I dipped the garlic bread with it. That's the only way I'll eat it. Lolz. mister had the spaghetti and meatballs. He enjoyed it!! The pistachio cannoli orange was so good. Not too sweet.I'll come back!! :)I am not sure what is so great about his place. He layout of the dining room is terrible and just seems like total chaos. The service was super slow and couldn't ind waitress just to get two limes. We were never offered Parmesan cheese had flag down someone which took at least ten minutes. The food was nothing to talk about had much better authentic Italian other places. I will say the homemade gluten free pasta is good. I am convinced it's only popular bc of Hollywood names attached to it.I had really high expectations of RPM given strong recommendations from my friends. After dining there myself, I enjoyed the chic atmosphere and food but I probably wouldn't make a point of going there again. We ordered the Kale salad, prime beef meatballs, lobster ravioli, short rib tortolini, and tartufo for dessert. The Kale salad had a delightful dressing and was fresh, although it didn't quite make me forget that I was still eating Kale. The pastas were cooked al dente, although the portion sizes were quite small. My favorite part was actually the dessert. Tartufo is a baseball size ball of chocolate ice cream with a fudge core. The outside was a crunchy chocolate shell. It was one of the most yummy and interesting desserts I have experienced recently. I would recommend this restaurant for a date night or a girls night out!I had heard wonderful things about this restaurant. My 3 co-workers and I happened to walk by when we were in town for a business trip. We walked in at 7pm on a Sunday night and were told that there were no open reservations until 10pm (yikes). They happened to have a table open in the bar so we were able to sit down right away. We all shared the Lobster Caprese, Fresh Homemade Ricotta with Semolina Toast & Wood-Roasted Octopus. My favorite was the octopus!!For my entree I had the Spicy King Crab. It was so good.For dessert I had one of the specials.Everything was delicious! I would highly recommend making a reservation for RPM. I will definitely go back the next time I am in Chicago.The best Italian food I've ever had in my life!! Ordered the Main lobster ravioli! Fabulous!Tried it again.  The food here is just outstanding and different.  I have never eaten food like this.  However, the 2 desserts we tried this time were sadly disappointing.  They just did not "wow" us (tartufo and Bill's chocolate budino). I saw chocolate and got all excited. Yet both were just pretty tasteless.  As I remarked to my husband, maybe if they were made of DARK chocolate (as opposed to milk) they would have actually been good.Environment: 5/5Employees: 3/5Food: 5/5Drinks: 3/5Cost: 4/5Accessibility: 5/5Total: 25/30Synposis:  A MUST TRY!  It is my last night in Chicago and it is freezing.  My family and I cannot wait to leave for Hawai'i and they do not want to venture far for food.  Luckily, RPM was around the corner and reservations were still available for 8:30 PM.  Perfect!  From the host, to the waiter, and then to the busboy was all great to be served by.  Although there was a problem with one of the dishes because it was not clean. EWW!  Someone wasn't doing their job.  Beside that everything was wonderful and if you do not get the bottom portion of the dishes, it will save you money and still get you full!Environment: Such an intimate environment. Clean, simple, romantic.  Using a combination of contrast through tints, this place is fit for all to experience!Employees: Everyone was very pleasant, although the host had his fake smile on.  It is quite difficult to do that when Asians are practically above average at "faking" it, but because he tried I will give him some points.  As for our waiter and busboy they did such an excellent job.  What I was most put-off of is the fact that my dish was dirty!  Yuck!  Nothing is more disturbing than the fact that you think you touched someone else's germs that you have no idea about.  Yuck!  I have worked in multiple restaurants in different settings, um..you look at the dish before placing!  DUH! 3/5Food: Shaved Artichoke Salad:  This dish was pretty mediocre at best.  This was more textural dish to consume rather than complex flavors.  However, it was definitely refreshing.  3/5Wood-Roasted Octopus: What, what?  This was the most perfected octopus I have ever eaten.  Usually when it is overcooked it is chewy and rubbery.  Most places that offer octopus, even if it is ceviche, that I have had was simply over done.  But this...this...was divine!  5/5Truffled Garlic Bread: The light notes of the truffle lay underneath the cheesiness of the garlic bread.  I loved it because it did not over-power the pasta dishes that my family had, but at the same time had enough flavor to compliment with each bite.  Add crunchy texture to that, and you have yourself an impeccable party.  5/5600-Day Prosciutto:  The only notable aspect of the prosciutto is the fact that it is creamier than you would usual have from the store.  It acted both as the cheese and the meat when paired with the bread.  Quite impressive, I might add. 5/5Prosciutto Tortelloni:  This is what my dad ordered and it was just fantastic.  You would think after having prosciutto earlier that this dish would be a "repeat."  Nope!  Whole different ball game!  Nice soft texture entering to an absurd amount of goodness.  One ball will make you light up in delight!  5/5Spicy King Crab with Squid Ink Spaghetti:  This was suggested from earlier reviews.  I love spicy food and this was just fantastic.  The noodles were cooked to perfection and the balance between the light tomato sauce with spiciness was perfection.  Is there a tad cream in here because this added onto it.  Yum! 5/5Handmade Cavatelli: My mother, who is the pickiest eater chose this dish!  And it does not noteworthy compliments except that it was probably to appeal to kids who like their classic "spaghetti." 3/5Eggplant Parmesan:  Not only was this dish served in a special dish, but it was very satisfying for the amount given.  Very, very, very heavy, but delicious.  Although, it tasted like your typical eggplant parmesan that you could have easily gotten from another place.  But perhaps it is because my pallet was already over-whelmed from wine and food.  Tasted buds...toasted! 3/5Drinks: Montepulciano d'Abruzzo - Agriverde, Abruzzo '12This was stated to be soft and approachable red, which tells me smooth, "lower" acidity, and good to drink with or without food.  Pretty on-point.  After aerating it in my mouth the second round, it was definitely smooth.  Definitely requires you do to so before swallowing or you can taste the lower quality.  I chose this to enhance the spiciness of the Spicy King Crab with Squid Ink Spaghetti and let me tell you, it brought the dish to another level.  Get this only if you are looking at the pasta dishes cooked in a heavier tomato sauce or spice.  Other then that, look elsewhere.  3/5Cost: The perception I received before coming here was highly expensive.  However, because my dad is a mastery of steak and because seafood, in general, in the Midwest is whack like crack you can be full on a decent price.  $40 per person, including tax and a glass of wine is reasonable for what we got and how much of it we got.  Buahhahaha. 4/5Accessibility:  Very near the Grand redline and accessible via bus.  Although it is not "next" door, it will be a worthy trip to take. 5/5Great vibe!Looovvveeed the recommended Brunello di Montalcino Altesino Tuscany 07...  was sooo delish! Even at $30 glass... that was the special :-)I have to say... the prices here are great... even better than prices in Vegas for the same quality... they make up for it in the Spirits prices. I am Not complaining,  though. We loved everything... we shared the Tuscan Kale salad and the Bucatini,  However,  they were out of it and substituted it w Pappardelle instead... still, yummy...We finished off our meal w the Tartufo and Pistachio gelato!!!Pretty good night! Great place to check out when visiting. Your constant companion, ~ deirdraA few years ago, when I heard that Bill and Giuliana Rancic were opening up a LEYE Italian-themed restaurant, I'll admit, my eyes rolled a bit.  The star power of the couple definitely brought a buzz, and you add in the ability of the Melman family to turn a restaurant into a "see and be seen" place, but for some of their previous works (ala Hub 51 and Paris Club), the food seemed to take a backseat to the ambience and atmosphere.  So, I went into RPM the first time around pretty skeptical.  My first visit completely changed that - the food is well done, the pastas, fresh and handmade, offer a good choice of solidly cooked traditional options and dressed up more unique dishes.  I haven't tried some of the bigger secondi options yet, but mean to at some point in the future.  So about a month ago (hence the title "late thoughts", I checked out Wild Cub at the House of Blues.  Thankfully, seeing a show at the HOB leaves you with a plethora of nearby after-show eats, especially after an all-ages show.  So we headed over to RPM again, looking forward to some excellent fresh-made pasta.Fritto MistoWe started with the fritto misto, which ended up being the low point of the meal.  The shellfish aspects were fresh, but just a bit on the greasy side.  A bit disappointing, but thankfully the meal just got better after that.  Beef CarpaccioIt's not often that I'm in the mood for something like steak tartar or beef carpaccio, but for some reason it sounded enticing.  The beef was perfectly sliced, and the addition of the mushrooms added a nice textural contrast and a balance of flavor that was enhanced even more by the shaved pecorino cheese.  Scattered pieces of arugula gave a nice bite, and overall the extra ingredients didn't detract from the natural umami of the beef.  Lobster RavioliBucatiniSo two apps and two pastas was the perfect amount of food for the two of us.  I went with the lobster ravioli, cooked in a spinach-based green shell.  The ravioli was reasonably filled to get in a decent chunk of lobster, mostly claw meat,  The sauce, a light red sauce just adds enough flavor to the ravioli to complement the ravioli.  My fiancee's dish, "Mama DePandi's" Bucatini has become her go-to dish at RPM, and for good reason.  It's a simple dish - some fresh-made bucatini (a thick, tubular pasta with just the narrow hollow center) tossed with a freshly made pomodoro sauce.  The sweetness of the tomatoes really comes out in the sauce, and it's perfectly dressed.  Hints of basil and garlic round out the dish nicely.  So while you may be drawn towards some of the more unique sounding dishes on the menu (the squid ink pasta, the english pea risotto), the more traditional pastas have been the best here, IMO (I've also had the bolognese, and it was great!)Happiness comes in small packages, as long as there's hazelnut gelato inside, so save room for dessert.  And ask for the "chocolate ball".  The Tartufo is essentially a solid chocolate core, surrounded by gently flavored hazelnut gelato and held together by a crisp, nutty chocolate shell.  It is the perfect mix of flavors, textures, and temperatures in a dessert.  It's a good size for a number of people to share.  It is on my list of the best desserts (if not the best) dessert I've had in the city (that you can get consistently).   Surprisingly, RPM has turned into less of a scene restaurant than it's neighbors across the street, but still has a chic vibe.  But it's the food that stands out and is the highlight of this spot.  I give it a 4 stars, docked only bc it's just a tad on the pricier side, but if you order the right things, it's well worth it.Pics and more up at:eatinginchicago2014.word…Excellent food & service, great atmosphere, and reasonable prices! Dined here last night with some girlfriends who are fans of the Rancic couple. We had a wonderful waiter who made delicious recommendations based on what we had already enjoyed. Every item we had was enough to share and simply delightful! We loved being able to try lots of different dishes and greatly appreciated that vegetarian options were plentiful.Highly recommend!I had the pleasure of eating here during my recent stay in Chicago. This is a very nice restaurant that my brother, who lives in Chicago,  frequents.   We had a party of four on a Friday night with a reservation.  The tall blond male host tried to guide us through the packed restaurant to a bar table in the bar. No way.  He then took us into the beautifully lit, stunning main dining room.  We were seated with a head toss, in a nice booth. Thanks very much! The service after this was on point.  Our server was bright,  well versed on the menu and wine list.  I drank cocktails.  The food was excellent,  from the King Crab on squid ink spaghetti to the elaborate gelato and freshly made mini doughnuts.  DELICIOUS! I highly recommend the meatballs! Excellent service.  We ended up spending 3 hours there sipping cappuccino and sambuca.  It was a very enjoyable experience overall. Very see and be ... I would check it out when in Chicago!Great experience at RPM! The food is suggested to be shared and served family style. I was with a group of six which allowed us to try many things from the menu. I liked every single thing we tried! My favorites included the Ricotta bread and Potato Gnocci. Guiliana's Italian Salad was also delicious. We tried some of the specials and they were excellent as well! The service was very professional. Our server was able to answer any question we had. Great food, fun atmosphere!This Place is awesome! The appetizers of bread that we ordered were homemade and the garlic and cheese that went with were delicious. I had the roasted chicken and my husband had a pork chop. These were by far some of the best meats I have ever had from a restaurant. The meats were tender and juicy. With the chicken, I was given roasted potatoes which were seasoned perfectly and had just the right amount of crisp. The ambiance was amazing and felt very romantic. I definitely recommend coming here if you are in the loop and looking for somewhere amazing to eat. Note: I do believe they require reservations so make sure to set that up. Also valet is $14 or you can do public parking at one of the garages nearby.My wife and I wanted to come here before going to the Lyric to see The Sound of Music a few weeks ago. We couldn't get a reservation so we just walked in around 5:00 PM on a Saturday. We were fortunate enough to get sat at the bar immediately! Lucky us. Within 20 minutes there wasn't a seat left anywhere in the place.The bar seemed a bit short staffed so it was difficult to get the attention of the bartender, but that was the only thing at RPM we didn't like.We started off with the Truffle Garlic Bread & the Buffalo Mozzarella Caprese because of the recommendations. What else can I say? YAHOOOOO. I love garlic bread, and truffle oil/salt, whatever they used, made it even better. It was crispy and light and I'll be honest, I ate almost the entire plate myself.  The Caprese was also delicious, but sorry, it just didn't stand up to the garlic bread.For entrees we got the Smoked Eggplant Stuffed Pasta & the Short Rib Pansotti. I had never heard of Pansotti, but I was being adventurous, sort of. I'll admit the portions were smaller than I expected, but still quite nicely sized. I guess these days I'm so used to portions the size of Olive Garden, shhhhh, I still go there from time to time for unlimited breadsticks. Given the amount of garlic bread I'd already wolfed down the portions were just right. All in all an excellent meal. I'd definitely come back again!!I feel like this place is a bit over-hyped. Before coming here, I read a handful of reviews raving about it.I really liked that all the servers have the same uniforms--a white blazer, white bottoms, tie, and nifty oxfords with red shoelaces. The entire place must have been crafted to the T, because the design of the restaurant and the seating was absolutely perfection.My boyfriend and I ended up waiting about 15 minutes for a reservation we were on time for. But they made it up with phenomenal service: taking away our plates, cleaning up the table, replacing our silverware, refilling our water and attending to us at the most opportune times.We ordered the brussel sprout salad and truffled garlic bread. Which were both so heavenly...definitely the highlight of the meal.For entrees we ordered:-Prime Beef Meatballs, which were technically an appetizer, but extremely salty-Mama Depandi's Bucatini, the tomato sauce was super fresh, but the dish was nothing special-Spicy King Crab, which features squid ink spaghetti--not too fishy, was delightful-Carbonara, the server mixed this for us--pancetta was super yum~For the dessert we ordered the Tartufo which was probably the most disappointing, considering the amount of reviews and pictures of it. I didn't taste anything really hazelnut-ty... The mini gelato sampler I received because it was my birthday was so much more refreshing! I highly recommend the raspberry, pistachio, and especially the coconut gelato!Our bill, including two $11 drinks came out to be a little over $100.I made the reservations with open table, so when we get there we are told to wait for a text message. Waited 15 minutes before we were seated which isn't terrible. I would recommend the Maine Lobster Ravioli for dinner and the coffee gelato for dessert. I knocked off one stars for a service.From beginning (on the phone to confirm reservations) to end (dessert and coffee), our experience here was phenomenal. We had made reservations during our recent visit to Chicago and were running late as we were...on the bus. I called to let the hostess know and she said they typically hold the table for 15 minutes but took my name and when we arrived (20 minutes later), we were warmly greeted and seated right away!The place feels fancy but not in a stuffy way. Being a celebrity-owned restaurant, it definitely draws in a crowd but it's locals and tourists alike so we didn't feel out of place. Our server and service, in general was spectacular. Food suggestions, water refilled constantly, recommendations for what to see in the city, you name it - they brought it.Now, the food: well-portioned, satisfying, everything we wanted and more. And we ordered our fair share. We got the meatballs, truffle oil bread, crispy raviolis, cavatelli, pappardelle bolognese, an eggplant dish, mushrooms, AND the cauliflower gratin. We had walked all day so we were very much looking forward to the meal and enjoyed it ALL. However, my favorite and my suggestion is the pappardelle bolognese. It was the hit of the table. To finish, we order coffees and the budino to share, which so decadent and delicious.Drinks wise there was wine, but I also ordered the Capri Highball which is fantastic and there is allspice in it that gives it an extra special flavor. For all the food and drinks we ordered, our bill still came in under what I had anticipated. You are looking at a pricier meal; however, it is not overpriced.Loved it. Tip: Do make a reservation. Do order a bunch of dishes and share.RPM is definitely a must try. I came here on a date (my date picked the location) and was instantly happy when I walked through the doors because I LOVE this place. Every time I've been here I've had amazing food and service. It's hard to believe this is a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant, but it is.Dishes I recommend are:- Wood Roasted Octopus was so good. The presentation on the plate was stellar and it was perfectly cooked. Luckily for me the dining mate doesn't like octopus so it was all mine!- Prime Beef Meatballs are a must try! These should be the first thing everyone orders when they come to RPM; even if the person is a vegetarian. You can't go wrong with these meatballs. If there is more than two people in your party I recommend getting two orders.- Spicy King Crab (Squid Ink Spaghetti) was so delicious. The crab meat was oh so fresh and they didn't skimp on the crab. I highly recommend this dish if you are a fan of pasta with seafood. Yummy in thy tummy all day long.- Tartufo is a dessert you have to try. It looks like a huge Ferrero Rocher that was blown up (Honey I Blew up the Kids style). Pretty much it's a ball of chocolate  goodness with hazelnut gelato inside. Good, but not a must try:- Truffle Garlic Bread was good and plentiful (get about 8 pieces), but it was nothing special about it.- Roman Style Artichokes just wanted my thing. If you like artichokes you'll probably like these, but if you are indifferent like me don't waste the stomach space. I recommend coming here for lunch on the weekend, around 3:30p.m, if you don't have a reservation. You shouldn't have a problem getting a table or you can sit at the bar. If you want to come here for dinner you better make reservations because this place gets packed quick!I went to RPM Italian during my trip to Chicago. I booked a reservation using opentable. My reservation was at 5pm on a Friday.  It was pretty empty when I first got there but filled up pretty quick. Like a lot of other reviewers, I'm a fan of Giuliana and Bill Rancic, so I felt compelled to try this place when I was in town.  I've been dying to try Mama DePandi's pasta.  I shared the following dishes with one other person:-Truffled Garlic Bread (3.5 / 5)-Fried Olives (2.5 / 5 )-Lobster Caprese (4.5 / 5)-Guiliana's Italian Salad (5 / 5)-Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro (3.5 / 5)-Prime Beef Meatballs (4 / 5)-Spaghetti and Meatball (3.5 / 5)-Tartufo (3.5 / 5)The two of us were pretty full afterwards.  In retrospect, I probably wouldn't have gotten the fried olives (small and just ok) or the Prime Beef Meatballs (good but had too much food and there was a giant meatball with the Spaghetti and Meatball that I could've shared with my Mama DePandi pasta as well). Both of us agreed that the Italian salad was the best choice (simple salad but great dressing and flavor combination) and the Lobster Caprese (fresh and tasty but not that big) was a close second.  The garlic bread was decent by itself but it was best for dipping in the pasta sauce.  Mama D's pasta was not bad but I had high expectations so I thought it'd be a lot better.  It was good with the meatball added.  The bucatini kind of reminded me of a Japanese Udon noodle. Thick and chewy. The spaghetti and meatball tasted a little similar to Mama D's pasta (just thinner noodles). I also had high expectations for the Tartufo after reading all of the good reviews saying that it was a must.  It was kind of like a giant Ferrero Roche, but it also reminded me of a drumstick ice cream cone (minus the cone). Just kind of meh. Good but I didn't think it was fabulous.  I kind of wish I tried the fig and marscapone dessert instead. The service was pretty good.  The waiter was a little stiff and formal.  But he and the other staff were fairly attentive.  They must've filled my water cup at least 5 times and no empty dish stayed on the table longer than about 1 minute.I was watching Chicago Fire the other day, and Casey was going to take Dawson to RPM. Awwww... It made me miss this restaurant. It's a modern Italian restaurant owned by Giuliana and Bill Rancic, as many Chicagoans would know -- but non Chicagoans probably wouldn't know. For a "celebrity" owned restaurant, this place is pretty darn good. Atmosphere was posh and modern - very downtowny. There was a lot of energy surrounding the restaurant. There were people on dates, business dinner, family with children and just bunch of friends getting together. The vibe was upscale and the prices range from around $8 to $50. I was with a big group. We were celebrating a friend's birthday. We ordered all kinds of stuff from the menu. Just the way I like to eat!We started with the 600 day Prosciutto that was just superb! It looked like a flower arrangement. It was so darn pretty! It looked more like a pink hydrangea than a bunch of thinly sliced cured pork leg. The prosciutto hit the spot, then it was followed by Truffled Garlic Bread (yum!), a wood oven pizzettes (yum yum), and Wood Roasted Octopus with chickpeas and celery (yum yum yum).Then, we ordered several pasta dishes: Raviolo with sweet corn, Spicy King Crab with squid ink spaghetti, Sweet Pea Risotto, and Pappardelle Bolognese. The Spicy king crab was so good we ordered a second plate. My favorite was the pappardelle. It was just delicious. Lastly, we ordered a whole grilled Branzino. It was fresh, delicate, cooked nicely, but I was still in love with the pappardelle.For desserts, Bill's chocolate Budino with salted caramel and cocoa nibs was very decadent. That was a proper dessert. We also ordered Affogato made with this special coffee that was made somehow using a high pressure method and then bottled. The result was you get a coffee that's crisp and strong. It was very very strong but tasted awesome with some gelato floats.Hope Dawson and Casey enjoy their dinner at RPM as much as we did.Great food that almost never disappoints. My buddy and I always sit at the bar because it's next to impossible to get a reservation. I've never seen the place dead. The lobster caprese is a must try. The pastas are small but surprisingly filling. Avoid the pizzettes. They're like a cheap imitation of La Madia. Besides, you shouldn't be eating here if you want pizza. Leave room for the Tartufo dessert, which is their hazelnut gelato covered by a chocolate shell. Looks a little weird, but you will not be disappointed5-star ambiance.5-star service.3-star food.RPM looks great.  It's dimly lit, but feels like a swanky, high-end joint.  Strangely, upon arriving, I saw two tables with kids at this trendy restaurant.  Get your kids outta here, man!  Go to Rainforest Cafe or something.Almost everyone who works here has a Secret Service-style earpiece, which is hilarious.  Maybe they're communicating with the equally hilariously-equipped Old Navy cashiers.Anyway, the place looks cool, and all the servers are top notch.It drops the ball on the food, though.We started with the Truffle Garlic Bread ($7).  A surprisingly large portion for an appetizer.  It was a good amount for two people.  It had a similar aftertaste to cheddar goldfish crackers.  Not in a bad way.  It was my favorite thing we ate.My entree was the cavatelli pasta ($15).  The beef and pork sauce actually had legit chunks of meat in it.  Decent, but forgettable.  Relatively small portion.  (For mind-blowing cavatelli, check out Viaggio at the Park.)We also shared a side of the roasted mushrooms ($8).  Nothing memorable about them.  Would have been a nice companion to a steak or something.I really enjoyed my glass of Arista pinot noir ($15).RPM is like a good-looking date.  At the end of the night, you can't remember a damn thing she said, but she sure was pretty.Headed out for a birthday dinner on a Tuesday night and found the place packed. Luckily we were able to grab seats in the bar area. Brittany our server was attentive, friendly and knowledgable. The kale salad, gluten free pasta and swordfish were delicious, but the sweet pea risotto was rather bland. Overall this was a great spot.Im not big into leaving reviews, but i had to on this one. Stopped in to RPM for a drink on a whim and ended up staying for dinner, dessert, and coffee. This was definitely one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time.  When you go, make sure you ask for Glen, one of the bartenders.  He was actually more of a tour guide. His recommendations were ON POINT.  The drinks he took his time expertly crafting were just the beginning.  The whole rest of the meal consisted of his recommendations.  It was incredibly relaxing to be able to sit at the bar of a great restaurant and not have to think about what i should get. The warm bread with homemade Ricotta was amazing.  Followed by the Gorgonzola and Apple salad, Ravilolo, Wood Roasted Octopus, Sicilian Park dish, dessert and espresso.  I left with a huge smile on my face.  A Big, sincere thanks go out to Glen and the RPM team for making such an unforgettable experience!!!!-LBEnjoyed the food.  However, we were seated in the bar area at a pub table.  Not thrilled with this even though we had reservations for a birthday.  Would have rather been in the dining room.  Otherwise, food was yummy.  We had the white figs with Gorgonzola small bites, and mushroom arancini with red sauce as starters.  Then we had truffle garlic bread, eggplant Parmesan, a side of spaghetti, and potato gnocchi.  Dessert was delicious coconut gelato.  We had a bit too much food., and we like to eat!Beware, the server recommended 3 starters, 2 pastas, and 2 entrees total for the two of us saying that they are small plates.  Thank goodness we did not order all of what what was recommended because it would have been too much food.  We ordered the side of spaghetti as a server recommendation, but the eggplant parm was big enough and we definitely did not need the spaghetti at all. We ordered too much and what we got was less than the server recommended.  The food was delish though!We had a RSVP for 1030pm (earliest we could get) and we arrived on time but still had to wait for a table. We ordered a cheese selection but it had minimal flavor, contrary to the server saying it was not mild. Then ordered the ravioli but it only came with one! Also had the garlic bread but was hard as a rock. Environment felt like a club. Server went MIA and server's recommendations did not match taste. Wouldn't run back.I couldn't wait to try RPM after I found out that Guliana's husband is the co-owner. I was lucky to get a reservation for 8.30 pm on a Thursday night in order to celebrate a friend's birthday. We arrived at the restaurant and were surprised from the noise. it was completely packed. The hostess told us that our table was not ready but it would be in a few minutes. After 1 hour of us waiting and getting upset we were finally sat down.The manager came immediately to apologize and offered us free campaign and 2 appetizers to compensate us for the delay.The food was good not great. I had Mama Dipandi's spaghetti and Guliana's salad. For the portions it'soverpriced.I will definitely give it another try on a different night.5 stars for customer service4 stars for the food.I first heard of RPM from watching the show Guiliana and Bill. So for my vacation in Chicago, of course it was on my must try list. This place is extremely busy. Reservations is definitely a must.  They are usually booked up from 6-9pm it seems.  For appetizer, I ordered the truffled garlic bread and it was absolutely delicious and complemented my entree so well.  I definitely recommend this. For entree, I ordered Mama DePandi's pasta and my bf got the short rib pasta.  Mama DePandi's pasta was simple but delicious. I recommend ordering this with a side of meatball. My bf's short rib pasta looked small at first, but each piece was packed with meat and was very filling.  The waitress mentioned that most of their portions are about 5 oz.Lastly for dessert we ordered the pistachio gelato and bombodoli (sp?). The pistachio gelato was amazing and very delicious. They give you two large scoops!  The bombodoli is basically doughnuts, whip cream, and Nutella. I would definitely come back if I ever visited Chicago again.  Everything here tasted very fresh and the ambience is beautiful. I hope they decide to open one in LA!One of my favorite Italian Restaurants in town. Everything we order was delicious, and surprisingly the Mama DePandi's bucatini was my favorite, and it's just pasta with tomato sauce and basil. That means, no matter how simple the dish, it will never be ordinary. A little bit too long of a wait, but it was worth the time.This was my second time there. The ambience is great, lots of people with a good atmosphere. Seems like the real life 'Dorsia' from "American psycho"...impossible to get a reservation, just as hyped up and just as creative a menu to match. Had red wine (a lower priced can which was just fine) and just the lobster caprese this time (at the bar). The dish itself was actually quite bland...I wasn't terribly impressed. If you're looking for bursting flavor stay clear of this dish, but it's nice to try once. As I said, I've eaten here before and was terribly impressed with it all (bread & ricotta- YES, scallops, and ravioli). All in all; fun vibe, hip, pricey, but a good night out.RPM Italian's strawberry carpaccio dessert is unofficially the #1 dessert of this summer. Paper thin sliced strawberries w/ sour cream gelato. Can you beat this one?As Giuliana would say amazeballs!! We went there on my birthday and what a great experience. Granted I wouldn't consider myself a "foodie" but I have eaten at my fair share of restaurants and consumed a lot of fabulous food and this place exceeded my expectations. We had the meatballs, which were flavorful. I had the filet mignon, cooked perfectly and my husband had the long crab which he said was great! Also our  waitress, Erin G. was great! Friendly, professional, knowledgeable and fun! Everyone we interacted with was great! The atmosphere was perfect, trendy, energetic, and comfortable. All in all I would highly recommend RPM and we will definitely get back.One word. Bombolinis. Remember this word when its time to order dessert. You will thank me later, and potentially become a fan of my reviews, even though this is my first. The rest... food is delicious, and surprisingly budget friendly for the kind of place it is. My wife and I love the stuffed peppers, fried olives, and the truffle mushroom flatbread. And of course the burrata. Def my wife's favorite dish here. Main courses, she always has mama dipandi's spaghetti, and its delicious. I've had the ribeye (which is always cooked perfectly, surprisingly often better than some of the premiere steakhouses in chicago) and the chicken - both are delicious. Save room for dessert. You'll probably order another round of the tiny deep fried little donut balls made of heaven. BOMBOLINIS!!!Everyone has been raving about this place! I was a little hesitant to try because I wondered if the popularity was only due to Guiliana and Bill Rancic owning it. I have to say, I was very impressed! The atmosphere, the service, the food and desserts were all amazing! I went with a group of 6 people. We sat in one of the round booths at the bar and thought it was a great spot! I heard the portion sizes were small so we were sure to order a lot of small plates. I think we over ordered bc we had to roll out of there, but was glad to try a bunch of dishes! I think we ordered 5 small plates, each ordered and entree (the king crab pasta is amazing) and two dessert to share.  Would definitely check out this place again!MAKE RESERVATIONS!! Because it gets really busy.Fine dining, so dress good! Or your GF will yell at you.The waitress's was really nice, she mentioned that all portions are about 5 ounces and are meant to share, she recommend us get about 4-5 plates to get is full.We went ahead and ordered 3 plates and 2 desserts and it was more than enough!We ordered the truffle garlic bread which tasted great with our pasta! I ordered a short rib tortellini pasta and my gf ordered the mama d'pandi. The mama d'pandi was a simple spaghetti and meat sauce pasta, I would recommend ordering with meatballs!The short rib tortellini was good as well, the sauce was really tasty and went well with the garlic bread! Both pasta dishes tasted really fresh!For dessert we the pistachio gelato which was huge! Bigger than our pasta dishes! The gelato was nice and soft and packed with pistachio nuts.My GF thought it was only going to be a small scoop of gelato, so she ordered a bombolini for dessert as well! It was mini donut squares with a side of whip cream and Nutella, delicious as well!If you order gelato with this dessert I recommend stuffing the gelato in the donut square! In orange county we call that a milky bun!Overall even though the entree dishes are small, they are definitely filling. Great fine dining vibe, and fresh tasting pasta.I would definitely come back to try more pasta dishes if I ever visit Chicago again!I've been here a couple times but could not believe how terrible the experience was the last time I chose to dine at rpm worst service ever ! They informed  me n my girlfriend it was open seating at the bar which we didn't mind, that is until we finally found a place sat down and ten min later when we finally got a waitresses attention they informed us that there "open seating. " was reserved for a private party! The private party of older fat women must of been intimidated by my friend and I! Regardless needless to say this place has great food but the service and staff is so terrible I can't fathom the fact of giving them other than one starGreat date or celebratory dinner spot!  Although it's an Italian restaurant, it has a modern steakhouse feel to it, with a couple of key beloved beef entrees to boot.Wait staff serve you in white coats and ties.  Several sections of the restaurant make it multidimensional.  Two bars, one wall-lined and the other a square "island" style mean you'll quickly be able to get a drink.As for edibles, my fiancee and I did the Gorgonzola and Apple Salad (yes!), the Truffled Garlic Bread (not as warm and soft as I thought it'd be), the Potato Gnocchi (slightly lacking in flavor), and the Maine Lobster Ravioli (worth it).I loved RPM.  We ate dinner for about 4 hours!  Service was spot on, food was delightful!  I highly recommend the wood roasted Octopus and the Fried Olives (A+).  The olives are Castelventrano variety, simply the best olive!!  I had the shredded brussel sprout salad which was the first time I've eaten raw brussel sprouts.  I would give it a B+ for taste and uniqueness, however it was super filling and I had to push it a way or I wouldn't have needed and entrée.For dinner I had the Short Rib Pansotti (A+).  I love the small pasta portions, it is nearly a tapas portion.  Overall, I would recommend RPM to anyone confident they will be as impressed as I was!Fantastic does not even begin to describe RPM Italian. The sheer breadth of creativity and deliciousness is difficult to imagine, and even more difficult to top, and I simply cannot proffer enough praise for what the chefs have delivered in this masterful kitchen.We came here for dinner on a Friday evening, and were treated to an assortment of small plates, each more delicious than the next. I would say that 4 small plates, two large plates, and one dessert would be enough for two hungry individuals.Shredded brussels sprouts - Both bitter and acidic, the shredded brussels sprouts salad is a perfect palate cleansing opener to the meal.Tuna bruschetta - Light and buttery, the bruschetta is a great choice for an appetizer.Prosciutto wrapped figs - This might have been my favorite dish and the star of this formidable dining experience. It is a must try.Prime beef meatballs - Quite possibly the definition of homemade, and made very well. I've eaten a lot of meatballs, but these are some of the best.Spicy king crab with squid ink spaghetti - Quite delicious, there wasn't as much king crab as I would have liked, but the squid ink pasta made up for it in overall yumminess.Barolo-braised shortribs - I think the shortribs might have been a special for the evening, but when I heard "Barolo", I was intrigued. Very well seasoned and well cooked, the shortribs were served on a bed of bowtie pasta.Tartufo - The signature dessert at RPM consists of a hazelnut gelato tucked inside a hard chocolate shell. Both delicious and creative, it is a must try.In all, I was initially hesitant to come to RPM, dismissing it as an over-hyped TV restaurant. But the quality of the food well exceeded my expectations. I would come here again in a heartbeat.There for private client dinner during conference.  Feedback from client on prixe fix meal was very good. nice space in back. I ate separate and had very good meal. Liked the seafood appetizers better than main course pasta. For all the hype I was told about the place I was underwhelmed. It got crowded as night progressed with a decent bar crowd. Seemed more like a place to be seen versus a place to truly enjoy, but he food was overall good and not too outrageous in price.RPM is one of those places that you must try at least once especially if you live in Chicago.Nice decor and ambiance. Dark. Servers all wear white blazers which I thought was nice. The dishes I enjoyed were:Wood roasted octopus.Beef meatballs.King crab squid ink pastaThe veal is good-very tenderThe roasted cauliflower was very good too.1 star was removed because for a place like RPM I'd expect a better experience as far as the way food was brought out. No one told us or described what the dishes were. We were playing the guessing game in the dark.Typical River North area-- large, loud, faux glitzy. But I'm not taking down stars for that, because I already knew what I was getting into. I do give it 3 stars for it's food. It seems kind of harsh, but there are so many better Italian restaurants in Chicago, I have to be tough. We had the grilled octopus as an appetizer (the best thing) the potato gnocchi (Piccolo Sogno does it better) and a mushroom pasta special (meh-soggy). Overall, the food is fine. But for the price, it wasn't great. Nothing to complain, but nothing great. Just average. Ho hum. I would just go to the bar and get their appetizers.Who the hell are Giuliana & Bill? Was not impressed with RPM at all. I am so genuinely surprised by the fact that people had said how good it was. Our server was nice, and the manager was kind. We fell  victim to the seemingly common "running behind" on reservations issue RPM seems to have. Ate at Nico Osteria this past Saturday, the hardest restaurant to get into right now, and didn't wait even a minute upon check in.  The bartender wasn't friendly, but probably because he was slammed. The host wasn't terribly friendly, didn't offer to take my coat. The food was good, but just ok good. The truffled garlic bread was definitely delish, but I could easily make that at home in 2 minutes. The burrata was not good and downright bad for a burratta.  The meatballs, papardlle, and tortelloni were all ok. The only thing we had that I can say was truly awesome was the donut dessert. At the end of the day., definitely a "scene" restaurant. Not my jam;  I'll stick to the real gems in this city.  But what does RPM care? They have the place packed each night because people are trying to catch a glimpse of some people I've never heard of...I love RPM!  Been here many times and I absolutely love the trendy, chic vibe of the black and white interior.  Drinks are delicious and food is amazing.For drinks, I've really enjoyed the Classic Bellini and the plethora of wines on the list.Some of my favorites include:  Truffle Garlic Bread, both of the pizzettes, Shredded Brussels Sprouts salad, Meatballs, Mama DePandi's Bucatini, and Lobster Ravioli.  The Tartufo for dessert is amazeballs!  I could eat the entire thing myself, probably resulting in stomach pains.  But it'd be well worth it!The Spicy King Crab Squid Ink Spaghetti has been the only disappointing dish, thus far. I have yet to try so many of the other dishes, so I'll keep coming back, especially in hopes of meeting Guiliana and Bill!YOU MUST TRY THESE!!!1.WHITE FIG- so delicious...... you will thank me later.2.BIG EYE TUNA BRUSCHETTA... drool.....3.TARTUFO dessert... it's like the most delicious ice cream ball I've ever had! Those are my MUST HAVES but basically everything is amazing!Super trendy place, so go for it and treat yourself! I got the potato gnocchi and it was great. BUT my friend got the pappardelle bolognese and it was the best! The meat was perfect and the sauce was so tasty. For dessert we got bomboloni, a special on the dessert menu tonight. It was Italian doughnuts with Nutella and marscapone dips on the side. Quite possibly the best doughnut I've ever had. And I've even had several doughnuts with bacon on them.Go here and have a good time! Make reservations in advance! Great service too, loved our waiter, Matt!!One word, meatballs!  They were delicious!  Got the spaghetti carbonara as an entree which was good, but maybe not the best I've ever had.  Fried artichokes as an app were tasty and had an outstanding presentation.  3 stars b/c even though we had a reservation for the dining room, they tried to seat us at a bar table.  After saying no we were finally given one of the already open tables in the dining room, but were given attitude by the staff.My mom: "Do you know if Giuliana is having a surrogate carry another child for her?"Waiter: "I don't know. I've never seen the reality show."Get the bombolini.Had an amazing italian experience :)A great meal in a great setting. This is the place you want to take a big group so you get to sample lots of things.Prime beef meatballs-- the first thing I saw on the menu and they did not disappoint Wood roasted octopus- very tasty but a super small portionRicotta toast- delightful!Truffled garlic toast- great bread kicked up with the truffle additionbrussel sprout salad- surprisingly good!bucatini, ravioli, short rib pansotti, and a special black truffle fettuccine were all good but the portions were so very tiny!Everyone seemed to enjoy the desserts too!It's was very good -place had a FUN electric vibe.Food was great meatballs were over the top. Eggplant was excellent. Cocktails were good. Ribeye was as good or better than any steakhouse in town. Bombini is a must!RPM stands on it's own a a first rate restaurant.I was really hoping to see Guliana or Bill in the restaurant, but I just got some fabulous food instead.RPM is a very busy place, we made reservations and were still held up getting a table.  It was worth the wait though.  My party of four out-of-towners were greeted promptly by our server, Alex.  He was extremely patient with us and our 54051231231 questions we had about the menu.  He knew the menu inside and out from what we could tell, and he gave fabulous recommendations.Before we even ordered we were also greeted by a Manager who spoke highly of Alex and our potential choices.  She also answered some of our 540541321 questions without any rushing.We ordered so many different dishes that I am just going to highlight my favorites:1.  Home-made Ricotta with toast.  Fantastic.  I would go here again just to get that deliciousness back in my belly.2.  Provolone stuffed peppers - sooo delicious and a light starter to a heavy meal.3.  Risotto ai Frutti de Mare - creamy and delicious with large chunks of lobster.As for location - it was pretty nice and easy to get to for us, walking just a couple blocks from our hotel.The ambiance was quite nice, but I found it to be a little too dark for me.  It was hard to read the menu, I felt like an old person that forgot my glasses.The restrooms were quite clean (t least the ladies room, I didn't venture into the men's room, clearly). Quick tip for you ladies - there is a mirror immediately to the right, don't try to walk into it, even though it looks like a hallway, go left.  I almost smashed into myself in the mirror because I wasn't paying full attention.I try to note whether or not they take Discover Card (my card of choice, difficult sometimes because a lot of places don't' take it) but I paid with cash...so sorry, no information for you.Overall, I was very pleased and can't wait to come back again.Very well done bar area, usually busy but classy and social crowd.  Excellent drink options.  Jake is a drink perfectionist.  Food is excellent.  I do prefer dining at the bar over the dining area, the bar area is just that nice!Wow, the pastas are amazing. The weekend wait? Not so much. But they do take reservations, so book them in advance.The Bucatini? Absolutely phenomenal. The Frito Misto and the Lobster Caprese are great shared plates as well. The restaurant is hip and bustling, something my husband and I really appreciate when we dine out. Aside from an extensive wine list, the beer selection is tasteful and there is a wide variety of cocktails. Italian is no longer hindered by the concepts of large portions, white table cloths or vino-or-no-vino.Some of the best Italian food I've had! I had the shredded brussels sprouts salad and truffled garlic bread. The salad was so fresh - it had the perfect balance of citrus. I would recommend both. I had the Spicy Kind Crab Spaghetti - another winner!I'm not sure where to start with this review. I guess I should just start by saying it was awesome. Plain old awesome. Can you tell that I liked it?My oldest daughter has wanted to visit this restaurant since it opened. We enjoy  restaurants but are always cautious of those that are so trendy that the food falls short .  Rpm delivered played after plate drink after drink.  The wait staff was extremely professional courteous and knowledgeable. We basically put our meal in the hands of our waiter who led us on a journey of The traits served at RPM.  We had the truffled garlic bread the fried olives, veal, several pasta dishes, and much much more. We actually had so many plates to share amongst the five of us that I've forgotten all the dishes but remembered all the positive comments each time someone put a fork in their mouth.Then came dessert we had the hazelnut crusted ball, a marscapone special they were offering as well as a salty caramel dish that was out of this world.  This has become our new Chicago favorite!Make reservations here now!Service -9.5Food - 9Drinks -9Octopus and Burrata the only way to start.. Tried both specials for the evening. They were great, and paired nicely with the wine we ordered. Dessert - Espresso Martini excellent. Maisha awesome server.Service was great, food was really delicious!We had a nearly perfect and fabulous experience at RPM. We arrived for our reso early to have some drinks at the bar. Upon being sat for dinner we inquired of we could have a booth instead of where we were placed. After a 5 minute wait a woman approached us and moved us to a booth. She definitely made it seem as of it was extremely annoying that we asked. Quite different from the service we received from everyone else. We knocked a star off due to her non-warm and fuzzy attitude. Once we settled into the booth we orders our food and our server recommended a perfectly paired wine to go with the cuisine. We ate the lobster caprese, Brussels sprout salad, cavatelli, ravioli rpm, roasted mushrooms and mashed potatoes. Not one complaint. All of the food was prepared phenomenally. Taste and quality were on point. And portions were perfect for two people. We will definitely be returning to RPM.I'd say one of the better Italian fine dining restaurants around Chicago. This is no maggianos however 3 dishes to share filled the wife and I both. We ordered the 600 day old prosciutto which was creamy, buttery and tasty. Then we ordered the king crab spaghetti pasta with black squid ink. You can't taste the squid, just get it! Then we ordered the Atlantic swordfish and it was awesome! We even had a bit to take home, but we didn't come in starving either. Check it out!I was already attracted to this restaurant before looking at the menu because I am a G&B fan. After looking at the menu and seeing pictures of RPM I could not wait to try it.Ambiance? It is perfect. Very trendy and it is surprisingly spacious. Reservations? Plan ahead. My boyfriend and I made reservations around 9 weeks in advanced. On open table, they did not have any openings. Luckily, we called RPM and not only were they able to fit us in around 830pm on a Saturday night but they didn't even give us a tiny table of two. We had a table of four with plenty of space. Favorite item on the menu? Spicy king crab. I saw pictures of this and literally said "no way I am trying that, it looks like worms!" I was talked into it and I surprisingly loved it. Yes, I got over the looks of the squid ink noodles and enjoyed the dish and the overall experience. A lot of crab flavor and it wasn't very spicy. Drinks? Not all that impressed. Didn't try any because none of them grabbed my attention but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and say I bet they wouldn't disappoint! Service? Very friendly and helpful. The waitress knew a lot about the menu and she was on top of it the entire time. $$$? It is pricey but you are getting what you pay for. If you are in the area and are looking for a fun night out and to spend a bit on a fantastic meal then RPM Italian is your place. This was one of the more expensive dinners my boyfriend and I have had.Well done Bill & Giuliana, well done!  Two of us went for dinner on a weekday to RPM.  The decor is modern, clean, chic.  Really cool light fixtures.  We were met with a friendly greeting and seated immediately.  We had reservations.  By looking around, I would say you need to have a reservation as the place was packed at 5 pm on a weekday!  I believe our server's name was Anne and she was really knowledgeable and overall, very cool.  I also liked the server's uniforms!  My husband and I ordered Lobster Caprese as a starter.  Lovely presentation, refreshing combination.  We loved it.  He had classic spaghetti and meatball and I had Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro.  Hubby said the spaghetti was good.  I did not try the meatball, but he said it tasted "familiar."  I asked for a better description and he couldn't come up with one.  He wasn't sure, but he enjoyed his meal.  I was really impressed with my meal.  It was so wonderful.  The noodles were the proper size and cooked to perfection and the sauce was really wonderful....not too sweet, not to heavy.  It was really great.  We had the truffle garlic bread with our meal and ate ALL of it!  Truffle anything has to be done with the right balance and this was spot on.  After practically licking our plates clean and being quite full (even though we were told the serving sizes were small) we decided to get dessert.  We opted for the Pistachio Cannoli (partially b/c the top two desserts on the menu were not available).  We were really unsure of whether or not we would like the orange and chocolate aspect and we were pleasantly surprised.  The orange was really subtle and tasted great. The mascarpone was so light and creamy.  Then we got two tiny cups of gelato (raspberry and coffee) and they were so amazing!  I am not big into ice creams or sweets and everything was done so well.  I was really impressed with all of the food, the presentation, the service, the decor and ambiance, oh and the prices were reasonable, too.  Overall, I highly recommend checking out RPM.I was certain RPM would not be that great.  I find the "hottest" spots are never as good as the buzz.  I was wrong about this place.  The food was delicious!  Portions small, European style, which I love.  The staff is a big EHHHH.  The hostesses were super rude and unfriendly.  They are the first experience you have in a restaurant so if I were management, I'd really work on that.  No need for snobby, rude behavior towards your guests...I don't care how busy or popular you are.  We got two starters, the figs and octopus.  Both amazing.  We each got a pasta and they were perfect.  I recommend but just beware of attitude.  Don't expect warmth or appreciation for being there.  You are just another table to move so another party can be seated.Came here with my boyfriend on NYE. This was our first time here, I have heard so many great things about RPM and was eager to try it out- it defiantly did not disappoint! It went above and beyond our expectations. The decor is very nice, modern, dim lighting and hip (people still say hip, right?!) We had reservations but still waited a little- understandable it was NYE. Get to it already- the FOOD... was amazing- exploding with flavor despite the small plates. (b/c personally I am a girl that likes huge plates and feeling overwhelmed/overly excited by the amount of food on the plate ;P) - Provolone-stuffed peppers- bite-size and perfect!- Zucchini Fritti- Great, but was greasy and this is only good if your eating small amounts so I would advise you share this with a party of 4. - Fresh Homemade Ricotta, Semolina Toast- Still think about it- and drool a little. - Charred Pep pizza- good, but def will skip this because I kid you not the whole pizzette was the size of my palm. - Carbonarai- I regret this because of the egg yolk, so it was too heavy for my tastebuds- I think my boyfriend ordered the Ravioli a la RPM and it was delicious (whatever he ordered it was delicious).- Cannoli- yummy!Don't remember what we had to drink. Def looking forward to going back! The main item that is drawing me back is the Fresh Homemade Ricotta, Semolina Toast and Provolone-stuffed peppers.Awesome club like, yet mellow, low key setting! Great server/service and delicious food! Definitely above average prices, but you won't regret spending it here!Oh RPM- you're such a scene, but I love your food and trendy atmosphere. I just can't help myself!My favorite dishes from my visit this weekend were the brussels sprout salad (reminded me of a light coleslaw), pappardelle bolognese (mmm meat sauce) and the short rib pansotti (yummy little pouches of meat in a light cream sauce). The meatballs were just ok. However, the food on the whole is outstanding and great for sharing. This isn't a traditional family-style restaurant though, as the dishes are small (as in, the ravioli dishes come with 5, not 20). Think of it more like tapas.Overall, we had a fantastic evening out. My one gripe is that our group of 7 didn't get seated until 8pm, though our reservations were for 7:30. We did have fun at the bar though, which is a bit more casual and first come, first serve. I will definitely be back for special occasions!Place is as consistent as it gets.  The food is great, price is not too obnoxious.  The only thing about it is that no matter what the day is they say the only open reservation is at 11pm but you can always score a first come first serve table.  Service is great.Listen, I have been here many times. People that claim this is overhyped, no way!!!! The lobster caprese, mama depandis pasta, and stuffed peppers are all my go-tos! I have celebrated my birthday here a couple times and ALWAYS take out of towners here to show off one of our fun chic venues :) a must try... Don't listen to the RPM haters :)I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here and recommend everyone to give this place a try. We made reservations about a month out from visiting for a Weds night at 9pm. We arrived 5 minutes early and still had to wait another 20. I was starving and slightly annoyed but once I started eating I forgot all about it. I started with a Peach Bellini which was excellent. My sister had the Capri Highball which I tried. Very interesting drink - you can definitely taste the allspice.      For appetizers, we had the fried stuffed olives, truffled garlic bread and wood roasted octopus. The octopus was my absolute favorite, I would eat it as an entree. I don't eat olives but I tried the fried olives and was pleasantly surprised. They didn't have a strong briny taste. The garlic bread was ok, seemed to be a larger portion in comparison to the other small plates.      For entrees we got the short rib pansotti and lobster ravioli. Excellent of course. As with other reviewers, the short rib was slightly salty but fit perfectly with the cream sauce of the dish. All of the pasta was fresh as well as all ingredients. For dessert, we had the cannolis and Italian doughnuts with Nutella and Mascarpone. OMG...it was the perfect ending to dinner. The cannoli was thin, light and not too heavy. The doughnuts were excellent; Light and rolled in sugar. I know most people loved it with Nutella but I was all about the mascarpone. I'm not sure why they aren't on the menu because they seem to be available all the time.     All in all a fabulous dinner. Great service. Wish we could go back and try more items.Oh my gosh.  What a night!We had been trying to get over to RPM for the past few visits to Chicago.  It seems tonight was our night.  We learned the wait for a table was going to be long so we opted for a hightop in the bar.  We were fortunate enough to be blessed with Britney for a server.  What a gem!We tried a multitude of appetizers, following her guidance, and were not disappointed.  Highly recommend the artichokes, garlic bread, and toasted ravioli.  Britney recommended some excellent wines for pairing with our meals and we ended up with two bottles.  For our meals, she was so helpful with what to pick.  We had someone with a dairy allergy and Britney had suggestions ready.  Since after talking to her, I couldn't decide, I just let her pick.  Totally worth it.  I ended up with the cavatelli with a couple of meatballs and was more than happy to clean my plate.We were so surprised to have dessert arrive at our table without our ordering it (which we would have), but Britney definitely knew what we liked.  The chocolate sorbetto (gluten and dairy free!) was amazing and so were the bomoblinos we received. Not enough thumbs up for this place.  But now we are spoiled.  How can we eat at RPM without Britney again!PS:  HUGE shout out to Britney.  Next time we expect you to know who Tom Hiddleston is and we will definitely make sure to sit in your section.  ;)After making our reservation almost two months before, my boyfriend and I were very excited to dine at RPM. The atmosphere is very different from your typical upscale Italian restaurant. We felt like we were in more of a club rather than a restaurant. That wasn't necessarily a bad thing, just different. It definitely had the upbeat vibe that would be a great precursor to a night out on the town.Our server came dressed in a white suit coat which went along with the club-like vibe. His recommendations were decent. However, we felt as though he was occasionally rather inattentive while at the same time giving us the feel that we were being rushed. Difficult to explain...As for the food, the Burrata was forgettable and there was only one anchovy on our Caesar Wedge Salad. On the other hand, our pasta dishes were excellent. My boyfriend had the Cavatelli with Morel Mushrooms. How can you go wrong with anything with Morels? It was delicious! I had the Squid Ink Spaghetti with Spicy King Crab. It was tasty but lacked a bit of richness. However, it was a very generous portion. For dessert we had the Bomboloni. Basically, it was little fried doughnuts with nutella and mascarpone dipping sauces. Excellent! All in all, the experience was good and a fairly typical scene for River North. It's not the absolute best Italian I've had but I would go back.This would probably be a 4-star if it weren't for the attitude at the host stand.We arrived a little early for 6:30 reservation.  I was told it would be "just a few minutes" with a rather dismissive attitude.  In the meantime, we watched several other couples walk in say they had 6:30 reservations and get seated right away.  Finally 20-25 minutes later, and after seeing the main host give an "Oh Sh*t I forgot about you glance" our way we were seated.  The place was busy, but no where near slammed that he should have forgotten about us.  Also, it was freezing cold, everyone was wearing heavy coats and no one offered coat check.  It seemed odd, but maybe they don't have space for one.  I only asked after I saw someone else who had been standing around for 10 minutes in their winter jackets ask about coat check.  So our night was off to a bad start.The dining room was a complete 180.  Our server, Anne, was wonderful.  She started to tell us about the specials.  I forget what it was, but she asked if we liked X, we both said no, so she said, "Let's just skip it then, because it's pretty expensive, so it's not worth it unless you love that type of food"  She took her time, explained how the menu was set up in sections, made recommendations about the food etc.  We started with the fried olives, charred pepperoni pizza and prime meatballs.  She recommended the meatballs be served with our main dish.  Sounds good to us.My wife asked about the short rib pansotti, after hearing the description, she didn't exactly sound thrilled, so Anne to the rescue, recommended a different short rib dish, the Pappardelle Bolognese.  I opted for the Carbonara, which is a little different than what I normally would order, but I'm trying to expand my horizons a bit, she said it was her favorite and if I didn't like she'd eat it herself and bring me a different dish.  The food came out fast, tasted fresh, good flavors.In summary - Host Stand 1 star, Food 4 stars, Dining room Service 5 stars.One of the best new(ish) restaurants I have been to in years.  In my book, this ranks right up there with Spiaggia for upscale Italian.  Advice - Unless you are truly an expert on gourmet Italian food, take your servers recommendations on what to order.  For two people, they will tell you to get two apps, two pastas and a main course.  That is a perfect amount of food here.  Things to note for choices - the prosciutto app is outstanding.  Nothing fancy or funky about it - just delish.  For our main course, we got the short rib special.  We never would have gotten it if our server had not recommended it.  Great choice.My only issue with this place is the crowd.  Nothing wrong, but I don't get it.  There were a bunch of tables with 2-4 young girls.  Like 16-20 young.  I guess it is now hip for spoiled suburban girls to do fine dining.  When I was that age, I just wanted free beer and shots.Probably the Best executed Italian Place I've ever been to.  Excellent Appetizers as well as main dishes.  Not your Typical Lasagna and eggplant parm. Italian restaurant.  Very good mixed drinks as well as some of the best deserts in Chicago.As a huge fan of G and B, I've always wanted to hit up RPM if ever in Chicago. I happened to be there over the weekend and it also happened to be Restaurant Week so my friend and I decided to give it a shot! We were not necessarily disappointed with the food but I wouldn't say we were wowed either.We had a "nice" meal; didn't only stick to the prix fixe menu, we ordered some additional items as well in order to get a well-rounded feel of what they offer.The pork was super tender but a little too smoky for me. The gnocchi was good but not as good as what we had the previous night at CH Distillery. But the meatballs, figs and budino were fabulous. As well were the fried olives according to my friend; I just don't care for them.Anyway, I'm not quite sure what it was but the atmosphere was off and it really bugged me. There were so many side conversations and huddling of the servers, bartenders, etc. They were constantly making snide comments in passing and then would huddle up at the small second bar, and even sometimes in the middle of the dining room, just gossiping and bullshitting. Our particular server didn't participate in all the fraternizing and he was actually great; wish I remembered his name. But overall, it was such a turnoff. I just know Bill would be furious! ;)I haven't decided yet if I'll give them another shot when I go back to Chicago with my husband. Maybe it was an off day. But, compared to the exceptional service we received while visiting Chicago as a whole, I'd say RPM fell short. Do your bitching in the kitchen, don't take that shit on the floor. We see you, and, at times, hear you! It's not a good look.We had a reservation for Saturday night at 1030 pm, we were seated right on time in a nice booth overlooking the bar. The food was delicious! We ordered the truffled garlic bread (5/5 stars), sweet pea risotto (3/5 stars), pappardelle bolognese (5/5), and the filet with mashed potatoes (5/5).  The tiramisu made for a great ending to the night. Good drinks and good service, overall a great night!Very trendy and hip atmosphere.  This place is always crowded and it is hard to get a reservation - but it is definitely worth the effort.The restaurant is gluten free friendly - in fact they have a separate menu with gluten free pasta.  The shredded brussels sprouts salad was light and delicious.  I like the GF version of the Mama DePandi pasta and risotto.So I'm really surprised that this place has 4 stars. I made a reservation for 2 on weekday for 10PM, and we got seated right away.  The ambiance was really comfortable: well lit, not too fancy, but has a hip vibe in a non-cheesy way.  The music wasn't too loud where you had to yell to the person sitting next to you to talk.My favorite dish was definitely the Truffled Garlic Bread for around $9.  This is my favorite dish I ordered (potato gnocchi, lobster ravioli, and some short rib pasta dish).Potato Gnocchi was $17.  Are you freaking kidding me?  It just literally tasted like dough with some sauce.  Very sub-par.  No flavor at all.  The lobster ravioli was around $15 for 6 pieces.  The outside of the ravioli was hard, as if it's been there for hours.  The food literally came out within 15 minutes, so I'm guessing they pre-cooked these or just popped it in the microwave.Overall, this place is overpriced for what it is.  For two, I spent over $100 including 2 glasses of wine.Next time I'll just go to Chicago Cut and order a fat bone-in filet.  Probably won't go back here again.Pleasantly surprised.  Great appetizers.. Meatballs were great ,great toasty breadSome portions were small.. Not all thoughHad to book reservations very far out but really enjoyed the foodDefinitely a scene .. Very busy and very loud!!Had the roasted half chicken and my boyfriend had the risotto. We both agreed that the food was very delicious but terribly overpriced. The ambiance/decor is incredible but I likely won't be going back there.Had I not known beforehand that the dish sizes were unusually small for a family-style recommended restaurant, I'd have been extremely disappointed. However, I was ready to expect good food, small portions, and big prices. It helps when you know that before walking in.Main overview of my review: RPM is a good place to go to once, check off your bucket list, and be done with it. The food is certainly good, and the experience itself is fine, but I likely will not return. There are other Italian restaurants in the city that don't charge you an arm and a leg for good food - go to those places before fighting for a reservation here. This is a place to visit if you're a fan of the TV show and looking for something touristy to do in Chicago. Appetizers:Ricotta cheese with toast: The cheese was a little bland for my taste, but that's also the nature of ricotta cheese. It was certainly fresh! I enjoyed that it came with some marinara sauce to supplement the flavor.Grilled Octopus: Tasted like it was flavored with bacon, but it wasn't. Very good!Pastas: Spicy King Crab: came with squid ink spaghetti (for those unfamiliar, the noodles are black). Had a great kick to it, and I'm not usually very good with eating spicy food. The crab was delicious, but I was worried with portioning enough of it out to my friends dining with us. Such a small portion! Still enjoyable.Prosciutto Tortellini: Very salty, but the boys enjoyed it. I think it helped that it packed a pretty big and unexpected flavor, especially since it looks so white and bland on the plate. Entrees:Swordfish: Wouldn't likely order again. Tangy, the red pepper paste was interesting, and it was flaky. Isn't swordfish supposed to be more meaty than flaky...?Porterhouse steak to share: We ordered this so that it was enough for 2, since we'd heard about how big this is. It was delicious, cooked medium rare. Definitely get it MR, as recommended. Desserts: Chocolate ice cream ball with something inside it: Very chocolatey, liked the texture. Good enough for chocolate fans.Some doughnut special with Nutella and marscapone sides: LOVED it. This was the highlight of my meal and I was so happy that not many in our party wanted to share this with me. So great.Our reservation was at 5 PM on a Friday, and we arrived 15 minutes late. They were very accommodating and nice to tell us it was no problem - especially since Clark is extremely time oriented! Our waiter gave great recommendations, and I tried some cocktail that was no longer on the menu (bourbon, orange, amaretto, and egg white for texture. Surprisingly good!) Tim was his name. You're set if you get him! Again, wouldn't go back unless someone else is paying for me to eat there, but it was a fun experience to have under the belt.Came to Chicago to ring in the New Year, so we decided to give RPM a try. We watch the B & J show on E, so we had to check out the restaurant. The interior of RPM is beautiful; very chick and posh. Reminds me of LA hot spots. Loud club music echoes through the packed space. Our female server (don't recall her name) was fantastic. We started with the brussel sprouts salad; It was fantastic! I was surprised to see that bread is not brought to the table. Odd for an Italian restaurant.  However, if you want bread, it's $8. No thanks. Wife ordered the bolognese and I had the gnocchi. Hers was average. Mine was lousy. Gnocchi was mushy. Portions are small and the pasta dishes were about $12-$20. If you go hungry, prepare to order! Overall, food is average. Would not go back.I made a reservation for RPM because I was visiting Chicago and watch Guilliana and Bill on E.  I wasn't expecting it to be so good.  My friend and I ate Mama DePande's meatballs and a salad and both were really good.  As for the main pasta dish...OMG it was so good that my friend and I almost liked the plate, but we didn't want to embarrass ourselves.  It was a hip place and definitely a place to be seen. **Note to RPM - Please come to NY so that I can visit often :)I went here with co-workers. The service inside was amazing (outside was another story, see below). Our host, waiter, runners and bussers were all tops. The food (and I honestly think I've tried more than 50% of the menu) was awesome, it *is* all it's cracked up to be. I suggest you go with a friendly group of people who like to share because then you can work your way through more of this amazing menu. so. damn. good. it was pouring rain and we had to wait THIRTY MINUTES for our car at the valet. people with noticeably nicer vehicles were tended to immediately (we were in a 2013 Prius). it was such bullshit. had it not been for the shit show valet - this would have been a 5 star review -- and i'm still so mad about the valet that i *want* to give this a 1-star review, but I'm a reasonable girl, most of the time, and everything else was awesome.3.5 stars. This did not live up to the hype. We went on a weeknight at about 5p. It wasn't busy then, but the restaurant did fill up when we were about to leave, so don't forget to make reservations in advance.  I liked the ambiance and decor, but the food was just ok.  Though fresh, wasn't spectacular. We ordered three pasta dishes- the Spicy King Crab, the Pappardelle and the Carbonara.  All three were average at best. Nothing special about any of them. Nothing tasted bad, and the portions were on the small side. The Crab was spicy, noodles cooked well, but on the salty side. The Pappardelle was a little greasy  and the Carbonara didn't feel very rich. Maybe it needed more than just 1 small egg yolk to finish the dish. Anyway we finished the three plates of pasta and were still not satisfied, so we contemplated dessert until we realized that we were spending over $50 on 3 mediocre entrees. We ultimately decided against paying more for a potentially mediocre dessert and walked over to XOCO for some of their amazing churros with chocolate sauce. It's a nice restaurant, but it seems it's more a place to be seen than to actually enjoy the food.  There are definitely better options in the area at the same price point- I'm looking at you, Siena Tavern!!!This place is certainly a must do for dinner! Everything from the staff to the interior was so professional and warming. Simple cocktail and beverage menu and a gorgeous array of pastas to chose from. RPM Italian gives you a feel that you could be in Italy. Apparently the restaurant owners are Gulianna Ransick from E news. She has certainly brought a bit of Italian influence to chi-town. Delicious, delicious, delicious!I've been wanting to come here since Bill and Giuliana started this project and I am happy to have made it. All the way from SF City, our restaurants have a thing or two to learn. Our experience was great and the food was awesome. Our server Chelsea was awesome, very attentive and knew her specials and menu extremely well. If in Chicago again, we will return.Getting a reservation was hard--but thankfully we were able to get one at 630p on a Saturday nightWe ordered:truffled garlic bread (delicious)natural beef carpaccio (delicious)wood roasted octopusgiuliana italian salad (delicious)mama depandi's bucatinispicy king crab--squid ink pasta (not very spicy but nice and garlicky and delicious)short rib pappardella (only okay)I don't drink alcohol, but RPM had a non-alcoholic lemonade pomegranate. It was good!Unfortunately, our waitress was not very good.  When we ordered, she did not have her pen and paper ready so we were worried if she would remember our order.  When she decided to write things down, we had to repeat what we wanted to order.She had a little trouble remember the specials of the day. After we got our food, she did not take empty plates off our table when she came by. She rarely came by to ask us if we were doing okay. We had to seek her out to ask her for things we needed.We're not sure if she was new to the job or if she was just not good at multi-tasking.The rest of the staff was very good.Good Italian dishes.  I enjoyed several appetizers with friends and then we each had our own entrée and dessert.  Pasta Entrées were a little on the small side. Make reservations ahead of time.  Fortunately reservations have gotten better here with turnaround time.  Bar is cool, ambiance is very modern and unexpected for an Italian restaurant.  But food quality is very good.  Great place to go in groups.  Couples night can be too loud here and not so cozy.  But definitely good people watching in a mod atmosphere.The fiancé took me here on my bday, I'd heard so much about the place and how awesome the food was... We made reservations a month in advance. In a nutshell,  service was great,  manager even comped us a couple of appetizers because of our long wait (which appeared on our bill and we had to point out to our waiter)  drinks were OK,  food was just Ok, atmosphere kinda loud... Not at all as great as we were expecting.  We had a few small plates (can't remember which ones), that were OK but not filling... We ordered dessert,  not because we really wanted it but because we were still hungry!  The desserts were by far my favorite part of the meal...The place really was just Ok.. clearly hyped and receiving 4s and 5s because of the owners names and not because of the Amazing food there. Not going back anytime soon... There are far better places to eat in Chicago.There is one main factor why RPM got 4 instead of 5 stars, the food is 5 star good. It was very obvious that we were stereotyped and given the "cheap seats." Three mid-twenties girls with an 8 pm Saturday reservation and they clearly thought we were not big spenders. We were sat in the room behind the bar surrounded by tables of girls our age! I kid you not, there was 5 tables of all girls mid-twenties. They were also trying to do a quick turn on our table because from the time we came in, our food was on the table within 20 minutes. Little did they know we were eating 3 courses with vino!  On to the food, our table ordered the toast with ricotta. When I tell you this is a "do not miss" I am soo serious! Creamy, rich, flavorful! I had Mama DePandi's bucatini with an added meatball, this classic flavor was also a hit. The meat was cooked perfectly. The pasta was fresh. My friends had the pumpkin anoletti and the squid in pasta with crab. The crab dish was yummy and spicy but could use some salt. The anoletti was to die for! The only unfortunate part was that this dish was TINY like it could not make my 90 lbs friend full! Lastly, we had the cannoli. I feel that they were not accurately described on the menu, but delicious and crunchy! All together do I recommend you try it? Yes! (but I hope you don't get the "cheap seats" like we did!RPM was my favorite restaurant destination during my trip. I initially wanted to try RPM because I'm a fan of Juliana and Bill's show but the yelp reviews convinced me I had to make the girls go with me. Almost every single dish we tried here was spectacular! The service is top notch and the prices are reasonable. It's 4 star service for those on a budget. I loved it so much that I called every day during my trip to get a reservation again. I made a second visit to RPM before hopping on my plane back to LA. I am a devout fan of RPM! I plan on making a trip out to Chicago just to go eat here again! Overview (+= order, - = pass) :+Lobster Caprese (first time we shared, second time I got my own) -the lobster chunks are so fresh and sweet.+Beef Carpaccio (delicious! I prefer mine with arugula so I asked for some and they accommodated)+Truffled Garlic Bread (very light and perfect amount of garlic, good portion to share amongst the table)+Shredded Brussle Sprount and Avocado Salad - so simple yet so delicious I could eat a whole order by myself. It's almost like a light coleslaw-Prime Meatballs (this is the only thing that didn't dazzle me, very basic meatball)+Mama DiPandi's Bucatini - the most simple pasta dish and it was my favorite. Perfectly cooked pasta with a light yet flavorful pomodoro basil sauce+Spicy King Crab Squid Ink Spaghetti - this had a kick to it and if you're a fan of crab, you'll love it-Shortrib Pansotti (this has a rustic flavor to it and was similar to a shortrib ragu over pasta). -Grilled Giant Prawns (very simple grilled prawns served with lemon on the side) nothing special to me.My second visit. I withheld my thoughts on my first experience due to nasty exchange with the hostess. Glad I was forced to go back. We had a very nice evening. This time, when we checked in our table was ready and the hostess seemed sincere in her welcoming us to the restaurant. The waitstaff was excellent, very knowledgable, and made the evening fun. The bar is fun and the bartenders have a good selection and know how to deliver. The food on both visits was good. The gluten free menu is excellent. Lots of selections and all very appetizing. The bolognese pasta has a great texture, rich flavor, and melts in your mouth. The Caesar Kale salad was amazing, if you are a kale lover. The lobster stuffed ravioli was good, a small portion but plenty for what they charge. The wine selection is serviceable with a nice range from low to high price.The dessert special was a banana gelato with Nutella and it was a home run. I don't usually eat desert, and I did not order it, but I still managed to eat more than my fair share.Every time I have walked in to RPM I am impressed about what a great job they did with the look, feel, and ambiance. It is so alive and feels so good to sit at the bar or at your table dining. It is not inexpensive, but it is a reasonable cost for what they deliver, which is a great dining experience.Food was very good and fresh.  Menu variety was a highlight as we ordered a few different pasta dishes we haven't seen before.  Overall a great experience.Got there for our 8:30 reservation and had to wait a half an hour for our table. Luckily we were able to get a seat at the bar.  (Great and helpful bar staff!)The food we ordered was so so at best with some being good and some not good!The brussel sprout salad was boring as was  the very greasy artichoke antipasti.Mama's bucatini was delicious as was "Bill's" dessert.Now we can say we ate at  RPM,  but honestly there are much better Italian restaurants in that price point.Great vibe, and buzz, an aura of excitement to dine here, modern , almost minimalist  decor, great lighting.  RPM needs to do a better job greeting /welcoming guests, and servicing diners- the scene is reminiscent of a popular ride /tourist attraction, where your number gets called, and you just move through the line to your destination (table in this case).Food was excellent - we ordered several appetizers, and several pastas to share.  Highlights were the lobster caprese salad, carbonara pasta, and king crab squid ink pastaWould have liked some personality, or engagement as each dish was brought out - otherwise there remains a bit of a disconnect as multiple dishes are silently placed on the table by nomad servers.I'm a fan for the aura, and the outstanding food  -  would love to go again...It's Monday morning and I'm now looking for a place to detox for lunch after the indulgent meal I had at RPM last night.  Since they recommend sharing plates, I found the menu a little overwhelming to make decisions.  But our waitress was really helpful to make sure we ordered enough food and still have enough variety.  We started with fried olives, meatballs and the shaved brussels sprouts salad, all of which were fantastic.  I'd go back to sit at the bar with a drink just to eat those fried olives again.  We decided to go the pasta route for our "entrees" and had the carbonara, bolognese and short rib pansotti.  The pansotti was kind of a blend of tortellini and ravioli and probably the best pasta I've had in a very long time (coming from someone who spent 5 months in Italy).  The bolognese was good, but veered from the traditional bolognese, so wasn't my favorite.  And they mix the carbonara at your table with the egg, which I thought was a nice touch.  The pasta portions aren't huge, but enough for us to sample all three.  The space is much bigger than I anticipated and I thought the decor was cool.  One thing I really didn't like was the music, which is something I normally don't notice. Think bad club music.  Wasn't a fan, but didn't hate it enough to dock a star.I'll definitely be back and am now prepared for the waddle home at the end of the night.didn't know i should've brought my fucking glowsticks to rpm.didn't know i should've popped a fucking molly before eating here.i was eating my risotto al frutti di mare and simultaneously fist bumping so hard to that sweet electro-house pipin in over the stereo.like i dont know... it's quite a concept ... a mashup of a trattoria and a discoteca.. lol...food good lol...$$$$Loved the food and loved the ambiance. Some of the best Italian food I've had. Very flavorful. Started off with the cremini mushroom mini pizza and Guliana Italian salad. The we shared the mama dipandi's pomodoro, spicy king crab pasta, and ravioli RPM. Every one of these pastas had a unique taste that ive never tasted before. So fresh..so gooood. For dessert we had the tortufo ball...incredible.   Maishia was our server...she was very knowledgeable. And when my wife stepped away, I asked her if I can give her my wife's gift so she can bring it on the dessert tray..definitely surprised my wife!Great NYE dinner and we will be back!Wow, this place kills it (that's a good thing if you're wondering)! I went here with the girlfriend and her brother and we couldn't have asked for a better meal. The atmosphere is clubby and elite feeling fitting into place with their cocktail menu and amazing food menu. The waiters all wear nice white coats as a throw back to super clubs and are extremely knowledgable and friendly.  Our waiter was spot on with recommendations to share with the table. Expect to share the plates since they are big and delicious.  We ordered a few cold anti pastas to start with followed up by the Jullian's salad, which was phenomenal.  We moved onto two entrees (both pasta, of course) that were amazing.  Short rib sauces pasta and a mushroom risotto that was one of the creamiest and best risottos I've ever had.  Definitely make this a stop when you're in town. It won't disappoint.RPM looked great inside, and had a very trendy atmosphere with 20/30-something crowd and vibe going on. The food was amazing, as was the service. My drink, Five Thousand Miles, did nearly put me on my ass though. Deceptively strong with a great smooth taste.My wife and I enjoyed fried mushrooms and the Fritto Misto (shellfish/calamari) for appetizers. We shared the Mediterranean Sea Bass. We rarely order fish at restaurants, but this was one of the best meals we have ever enjoyed while dining out.For dessert, I had tartufo and my wife ordered cannolis. The tartufo would've sufficed for the both of us, as it is a very large dessert.Part of the 5 star review here is the gentleman that served our table...David V. was fabulous!  He had allThe right recommendations for our group.  In addition to David's service, the food and cocktail menu were excellent.  Some of our favorites were the figs, fried olives and the truffle pizza as for the drinks we loved the Americano Cobbler and the Classic Bellini.  Great place!Dined at RPM on my birthday and I was not disappointed. It was a Tuesday night and was extremely busy at 7:30pm. I always take that as a good sign. I made a reservation about a month in advance and we were seated promptly.Our server was great and knew a lot about the menu and wine list. I had the most potent Manhattan and I loved it. My friend had an Old Fashioned (his drink of choice) and said it was great.The fried olives stuffed with mozzarella and sausage were outstanding! We should have had a second order. The truffle garlic bread was pretty good... Very large portion for two. We tried the beef carpaccio and enjoyed it as well.Had two pastas that were both delicious... Mama Dapandi's signiture dish and a smoked Gouda pasta... I think we licked the bowls.Complimentary desserts-- mini gelato cones for my birthday and Bill's bucadino (spelling?). Such a rich dish! We couldn't even finish half of it bc we were so full. Even with all the hype, I was impressed. We had a great experience at RPM and I can't wait to return!I have wanted to try out the hyped up RPM Italian for quite some time now but couldn't seem to get a reservation on the right day at the right time.  Finally, for my friend's birthday I scored a reservation at 7:30 on a Tuesday night.  It only took us about three months in advance to get the reservations, so I would highly recommend you to make reservations ahead of time if you have a preference in a time or day.My whole experience with RPM Italian was perfect, from the time I walked through the revolving doors to the time I left.  The place definitely had a wow factor to it.  It is upscale and chic, but still had a modern vibe to it.  The wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Our waitress even informed us the way the menu is separated (appetizers, pastas, and entrees) is based on the way Italians traditionally eat their meals.  The dishes here run on the smaller side because they are intended to be shared, so definitely choose enough to share.  Between the four of us, we had about ten dishes.  I would highly recommend you to try out the 38 oz prime dry-aged bistecca fioretina steak and the spicy king crab with squid ink spaghetti.  But you really can't go wrong with any of the entrées; they are all delicious.Overall, this place is worth all the hype it receives.  They have a great atmosphere, delicious food, and knowledgeable wait staff.  I would recommend you to give this place a try if you haven't already.Quite disappointed with RPM given the rest of the stellar reviews and the fact that it's a Bill and Giuliana restaurant. I ordered the Pork Chop (also given great reviews), but it was ABSOLUTELY underwhelming. The outside looked completely charred, but still didn't provide a solid crust. The pork chop, while cooked medium, was DRY and BLAND. The only partial saving grace was the slice of lemon that I sprinkled for a dash of citrus flavor. I've had handfuls of pork chops that would blow this one out of the water. I ordered a side of brussel sprouts which were the most plain, mundane side dish I've ever had. The brussel sprouts had no seasoning, and lazily topped with some roasted tomato and cheap mozzarella cheese. There was not a hint of salt, pepper, or any kind of seasoning.Really. Really. REALLY. Disappointed.I want to start with the positive:Our server, Brittany, was one of the best I've ever had. She was so knowledgeable and friendly- we were so impressed! It was amazing because RPM WAS CRAZY BUSY. She seriously worked hard to give us a great experience and her dessert recommendations were spot on!The negative:My two coworkers and I were in town for a conference. We had made a reservation for the restaurant via our bellhop at noon that day for 8:30 that night. When we arrived to RPM at 8:20, the guy at the front desk told us our reservation was for 9:30, not 8:30. I explained that our bellhop made the reservation for us and maybe there was confusion, but that I was pregnant and is there anything he could do? He explained that he would do what he could, but that we could go to the bar where there was open seating. We looked over at the bar and it was wall-to-wall people standing. We went over and tried the hover method to grab a table when others would leave, but the patrons were pretty rude over there. I went and stood near the front door near the bouncer and he was fairly unfriendly as well. The time while we waited for a table was so unpleasant. Perhaps the restaurant should not encourage everyone to crowd in the bar fighting over tables. The facility just isn't big enough for the current wait method.From a pregnant chick's standpoint, the food wasn't good enough to battle the crowds and deal with the rude staff (except for Brittany) and the even ruder patrons.RPM is a fabulous place in the City. Be warned that if you wish to have the ultimate experience, you really want to order at least 2-3 dishes per person, and make sure to order dessert. I had the Short Rib Pansotti, Beet Salad, and Meatballs. All three were absolutely delicious. The Tuna toast appetizer is also extremely good, I plan on ordering this next time I am here. My table ordered multiple appetizers and shared, which I think is the way to go.The atmosphere is wonderfully modern, but comfortable. The lighting is warm and inviting. I will say that I am not sure I understand why they seem to run late with reservations, however there were several empty tables in the dining room. IMO this is something they do to convince people that there is more of a wait than there is. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a classy (if pricey) night on the town!I really love RPM! I went here the other night with 2 friends for dinner.  We had a reservation but arrived 20 or so minutes early to have a drink at the bar. I don't remember if I just didn't get to see a cocktail menu or if none of the drinks appealed to me, but I just ordered a vodka soda so nothing exciting to report there but the service was good.To start, we had the meatballs and the brussel sprouts salad. I'm not kidding all I think about since I ate there is the brussel sprout salad. I would pay money to get the recipe; it's just so so good. Take that with a grain of salt though, I have an obsession with brussel sprouts and used to eat them raw all the time.For our meal we got the gnocchi, short rib papperdale, and prawns. All were fantastic. If I had to skip one, I would probably skip the short rib papperdale next time, but all very good.  For dessert we tried one of those hazelnut balls; divine.I will absolutely be back because there are so many things on the menu I need to try and it helps that this place is walking distance to my apartment :)Good, not great. Certainly have had better appetizers and main courses elsewhere. The service was excellent, felt underwhelmed with the food.I've been to RPM a few more times since I first went and my opinion of it has definitely changed.  The food is still good, but the overall experience is just no longer living up to the hype.  The last time we were there, the people at the tables on either side of us seemed more interested in hoping to catch a glimpse of Giuliana and Bill than they were in their meals.  I don't know why, but it made the place seem less trendy/sophisticated and more cheesy/touristy.  Also the last time we were there, the two people at the hostess desk acted like they were doing us a favor by checking us in.  There are plenty of other great Italian restaurants to choose from in Chicago...and you don't have to book those weeks or months in advance to avoid eating at 4p or 10p, so it's hard to justify going back.I've only been here once, and I've been all but dying to get back!! Once I do so, I'll post a more detailed update on the food that I recommend. For now, this will have to suffice:I had a work function here; big private team meeting with multiple rounds of food and drinks. Even with multiple large tables (and a rowdy bunch!), the servers were calm, composed and knowledgeable. But the food...OMG the food! We had a lot, and I'll highlight what I remember, but the very best thing I had was the Roman Style Artichokes. SO delicious!!! The raviolis were great too...I mean, everything was! But the Artichokes were fan-freaking-tastic and such a delightful surprise. We had a few of the pastas, and if they served the normal portion, what other reviewers are saying is true: the portions are not huge. But why do you need to get stuffed? If I go to RPM, I want to eat and be satisfied, not grossly stuffed. Plus, that way you have room for dessert or three :)I cannot wait to come back here. I have been looking up reservations for a few weeks and nothing has jived in our schedule. If there's one thing that surprised me though, it was the PRICE! Small plates starting at $5? Sign me up. When I was here for work I obviously was oblivious to pricing. I thought this would be a very expensive place, but it's really not if you eat smart, order wisely and don't eat yourself stupid.The ONLY conflict I'll have for next time, is deciding between here and RPM Steak when it opens.This place is all about perfect execution from both the kitchen and the service staff. The portion sizes are perfect in that they allow you to experiment with the menu and save some room for one of the opulent desserts, the Tartufo being my favorite.Staff looks great, is very knowledgeable and takes the time to give you an idea of their favorite dishes and drinks. Even managers took  the time to deliver dishes and ask if we needed anything else. If you love Nebbiolo, their list of Barolos and Barbarescos (by the glass no less!) is great and pairs well with so much of the menu. Great for any occasion, I love this place.Let me start by saying my fiancé and I come to Chicago every year for our birthdays and this restaurant was by far THE WORST MEAL we have ever had in this city.  Where do I begin......first I will start with a compliment....the vibe/decor is very laid back and clean lines.  That was the only thing this restaurant had going for it.  My fiancé got the spicy king crab squid ink pasta.  It came out and the portion looked like it was smaller then the side of pasta you would get with a meal.  The pasta was all stuck together, had no sauce and absolutely no taste.  I was talked into the special Lobster fra diavolo pasta which was naturally the most expensive pasta dish on the menu from our waitress.  Underwhelmed would be an understatement.  The pasta tasted like it was taken out of a box.  Absolutely no taste to the sauce.  I actually had to request red pepper flakes and that was the only thing that gave the pasta any taste.  The "lobster" was rubbery and also had zero taste.  The manager came over extremely huffy about 20 minutes of us sitting at each other and not eating.  She was defensive and did not once apologize for the ill prepared food.  She threw our bill at us with our drinks on there and never returned.  The worst part was that I was here celebrating my 30th birthday and had to leave extremely disappointed that not only my birthday dinner was ruined but that I wasted a night out in Chicago at this Restaurant when I could have been at our original reservation of Sunda.  Do yourself a favor and never step foot in here unless you just want to have a drink.  The food was terrible and clearly their management could care less about their patrons. Giuliana and Bill I really had high hopes but this completely has soured my Chicago experience.  I honestly wish I could give this place no stars it was honestly that bad.  Do yourself a favor and SKIP THIS ONE.Made reservations for my Graduation Dinner about 2 months ago. My sister and niece decided they could now come to graduation, so I called RPM to alter our reservations. I called April 21st, my graduation is THURSDAY May 8th. RPM told us that they could not fit our party, adding only 2 more people, and there was nothing they could do. I've been here 3 or 4 times before and have loved it, which is why I decided to go back to celebrate a huge accomplishment in my life (graduating with a Masters)! I am so disappointed and have since made reservations at another restaurant. I will probably never return to RPM just because of this.This place is amazing!! We were lucky enough to get a 6:30 reservation in the bar area for two on a Friday night (not usually likely!!) and we were lucky enough to have Tim as our server.My friend had been there before, but I had not. Tim was SO helpful. He was incredibly knowledgeable about the food AND drink menu, he coursed the meal fabulously. We told him how we wanted our experience to go (leisurely, shared meals so we could try as much as possible, good wine, dessert, coffee...we wanted the entire experience!) He couldn't have made it any more enjoyable. He was obviously busy, but took his time explaining the menu to us and also telling us about the restaurant!We started with prosciutto wrapped bread sticks, fried ravioli, the meatballs and artichokes. From there, we moved to the caesar salad with no anchovies (Tim suggested since we were sharing we have them chop and toss it for us, great suggestion!), followed by the prosciutto tortelloni, pork chop, gorgonzola mashed potatoes and a dessert chosen by Tim. He chose the special which was almost a donut hole type dessert served with nutella and some sort of whipped sweet ricotta.It is rare that everything you order and eat is amazing, but EVERYTHING was amazing. We started with a glass of Prosecco, followed by another glass of white and then we switched to red. My friend had one of the $20 glasses of red (I believe it's some sort of blend), one of the managers came to the table to pour it, and it was worth every penny. It was DELICIOUS!Our experience was above and beyond. It was incredibly busy and Tim advised us that it wasn't as busy as it usually is on a Friday night, so make reservations and plan ahead!I really cannot say enough good things about this place. The service was beyond! The food was so amazing and they made it so easy for us to split everything. Tim was so patient with us as we were constantly examining the menu trying to decide on a next course. I will absolutely go back again and again and again!Thank you Tim!Trendy, modern designed restaurant that has a black and white theme and lively atmosphere make this a visually appealing restaurant especially for dates.  The staff, also adorned in black and white, was knowledgeable and attentive.  The service was excellent! Unfortunately, I can't say the same about the food.  The ricotta filled ravioli was soft and creamy, you could tell that the pasta was made in-house, but the sauce had an over-powering lemon flavor.  There was mint in it?  The risotto was a hair past al dente for my liking and bland.  I'm not sure if they used chicken stock as the color was pure white and I didn't taste sharp, salty Parmesan...I had to add salt.  The desserts elevated my food rating, I'm a sucker for sweets, but lacked originality.  The Tartufo was visually impressive.There's just so much to love here, but here are the must haves: -Rice Pudding (best in the city)-Prime Beef Meatballs-Truffled Garlic Bread-Fried Olives Ask to sit in Justin's section, between the food and the service it will be one of your favorite meals ever!Vegetarian review:Out of all the great dining experiences I've had lately around chicago, I was bound to run out of luck. This place was the first bad dining experience I've had in quite a while. We were pretty late to be seated, to which the hostess did come and apologize for. The waiter was hilariously pretentious. The veggie food options were pretty low level and was served cold and the ravioli was quite crunchy to the point of being inedible. Pretentious waiter cited my pallet as the problem. Returned the meal, and ordered a different unappealing veggie option. It was pretty much just gnocchi in butter. Pretty gross and I love gnocchi. Ambiance: unmemorable.Enjoyable  experience!I'm glad I read the reviews prior to going here regarding the smaller portions and the price .  we got there  an hour before  as traffic  was unbelievably non existent (coming from the Burbs)   the Host  greeted us with  a welcoming smile  we told him we would  sit at the bar until  our 3rd  showed up we started at the bar and had some drinks,  we were greeted by a very friendly bartender. ,  when seated  the waiter was wonderful we ordered the  charred Pepperoni pizza ,  it was tiny and greasy I don't recommend  had the Gorgonzola apple  salad  and the Giuliana's italian  salad ,  they were delicious.   we also ordered the  truffle garlic bread which was  excellent ,  my son had the Herb roasted chicken  that was delicious , I had the  Pappardelle Bolognese  with meatballs ,  It was very good  my wife had the eggplant parmesan   she  said it was excellent  but thought that it had a little too much cheese  for her  5 star rating .All in all ;  the food and service was  very good ,   the portions,   were as noted in other  reviews "on the smaller side"  , but I have to admit    I didn't finish all of   my entree . The kicker here is the cost ,    it just seems  to be an expensive  dinner   But then again  It was really good   so I'm on the bubble here as to if il come back or not  Il have to say  I'm glad I tried it  and was pleasedWell I'm sure I'm going come off as a 60-some year old suburban fogey who simply doesn't understand this new "modern" Italian concept. But hey that's fine by me b/c I don't really want to get it. When I think Italian food, I think romantic low lit rooms with Sinatra or Dean Martin playing softly in the background as I sip on some nice Chianti. What you get when you walk into RPM is a feeling of being at Perry's tent at Lollapalooza. Seriously, is the "modern" aspect of this restaurant the fact that they pretty much blast electronic dance music the entire time?!?!? Or is it the seemingly odd white suit jackets worn by the servers, accompanied by the stealth ear pieces they are wearing? It almost seemed as though the wait staff outnumbered the amount of guests in the restaurant.....great if you want your water refilled after each sip, not so much though if you're expecting a more relaxed and laid back atmosphere. With that said, 0 stars for ambiance here and I'm shocked that Lettuce Entertain You actually supported this WIlly Wonka concept. It's just way too over the top for a simpleton like myself.As for the food, it was just ok. 3 stars at best, a bit pricey in terms of portion sizes. I would definitely recommend coming here with a group, as they have a lot of appetizers, small plates and salads that are great for sharing. There were 4 of us so we definitely got to try a lot of items. For starters, we went with the white figs, crispy ravioli, meatballs, truffled garlic bread and the shredded brussels sprout salad. I thought the figs were tasty, but the ravioli's were about the size of Chicklets. Again, some may call this modern, I see as flushing 6 bucks down the toilet. They weren't really even that good. As for the meatballs, I think my mom's are just as good, if not better. The sauce was nice and fresh, but nothing about the flavors or textures stood out. The winner to me was the brussel sprout salad. I liked the shredded sprouts and it paired well with the avocado.For entrees I had the seafood risotto and split it with my buddy who had the filet. The risotto was good, but the filet was even better as it had a great char on the outside and was a perfect med rare. My wife had the Ravioli a la RPM which I thought was delicious.We all shared the Tartufo for dessert which was ok, but I'm not too much of a sweets guy anyways so, yeah.Eric was our server and I have to say he was terrific. Very knowledgeable and kept us moving along with the meal very well without being too intrusive. Overall though, the music and atmosphere just killed it for me here. For the cost of the meal and quality of the food, there are simply a TON of other Italian restaurants I would chose to spend my money at than RPM.Absolutely delicious. One of the best Italian meals I've ever had - and I'm Italian!Get the tarufo! And lobster ravioliEverything about it makes it a great experience- the food, ambience, service, and location. Order the semolina toast & the spaghetti carbonara- to die for.I give it 3 1/2 stars.  I liked the food here. I'm Italian and I don't like every single Italian restaurant but I was pleased with what we had. I enjoyed the Mama Depandi's bucatini pasta dish.  A good red sauce and fresh basil is a weakness for me. The sauce had a little kick to it too so that was different.  The bread with fresh ricotta was good too. Con: I do wish that fresh bread and olive oil came to the table automatically with the meal when you sit down instead of having to order it separately.  Even the restaurants in Eataly do that, it's just a nice welcoming touch.  Having to pay for that is unnecessary in my opinion. The service:  It started out a little iffy but got better.  My party showed up on the later side of the evening so we could tell that they were not excited to see us at first when we walked in when they were probably just wanting to start cleaning up early.  So they were a little hurried and short with us at first but then it got better. The atmosphere:  I'm a little torn on this one.  The clubby music pumping through the place can be fun when you're with a bunch of people going out on the town like we were that night. But, if I just wanted to come here with a date or with my family to eat a relaxed meal, eh, I dunno about that.   All in all though, I'll be back to try again.RPM has a great vibe and a Las Vegas essence to it. The music is loud which I personally don't mind. Service is top notch and professional. The pasta entrees are a bit small but taste great. Wish there was more to eat but then again, we did appetizers (octopus wedge salads and ravioli bites) all of which were fantastic. My biggest qualm with RPM is that when I go to an Italian restaurant, I do not want to pay for bread. I expect it as part of the dining experience. The no complimentary bread takes 1 star off.After reading all the yelpers review and the long wait for the reservation. We finally checked out this place. Overall experience was OK- it didnt blow my mind. The food was generally good, although I wished they played better music, the hip hop pop music is very mainstream and probably just not my cup of tea.  I find it rather loud. The ambience was ok - it felt like an upper scale bar like Paris Club like. Not like GT Oysters or Balsan kind of ambience. I think this place is over-rated for what it is.  I would come back again for a normal occasion hanging out spot but i wouldn't say this is the place to go to as there are plenty of others better restaurants.This was my second (and third) time at RPM! I loved it so much I had to bring the boyfriend!!We made reservations for 3:30 on a Sunday afternoon. We arrived 10 mins early and had to wait 5 mins.Our waitress April M. was super knowledgeable and knew the menu inside and out. She was really friendly. W started off with a lobster caprese with no lobster. The mozzarella cheese was softer than what we are used to but was delicious anyways. My bf also got the truffle garlic bread. He said he liked it. He had mentioned that none of the flavors had overpowered each other and that everything complimented each other well.He go the special of the night which was a veggie lasagna. It was a very generous portion. I got Mama DePandi's Pomadoro gluten free. We also split a garlic mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were spicy and had a kick to them (it seemed like it could have been wasabi or horseradish, we forgot to ask). The meal itself was great and we took leftovers to the hotel for a later snack.We ended the dinner with the tartufo for desert. The portion was huge for the two of us. It is something you can share for sure. We weren't thrilled about it and this was the only thing that had too much of one flavor overpowering the others. If you like hazelnut this is a desert for you.This was his first time at RPM and he said he would go back and is looking forward to his next dish.The next day we went to place an order to go. This time I got 3 gluten free Mama DePandi's Pomadoro and a side of brocholini. We love in Detroit and I had to bring it back with me. This was my first time eating the brocholini and I was really good.We are both looking forward to coming back!!!Very, very good.  Not your Mama's Italian, so don't expect heaping helpings.  Wood roasted Octopus - phenomenal, carmelization gives it a nice smokey bacon flavor...so good!  Cremini Pizette my wife loved, I thought was just okay and could have used a little more flavor.  Lobster Ravioli, yum, so good, nice stiffness to the noodle that makes it hold up with all the cream.  Pappardella sauce was hearty and balanced well with lobster.  Skip the salads, they seem a little bland & boring...we got the caesar w/ sardine and to be honest it needed more sardine & salt!  Overall, 5 excellent items, one very good item and one mediocre item.  Oh and our waitress was very friendly, answered all our questions, and was the perfect guide to the menu.We had a 9 pm reservation. At 9:25 we were still standing and waiting! We were seated at probably one of the worst tables possible- smooshed in between 2 other tables. I guess that's what we get for being a party of 2. I mean, we were so close I felt a little too close for comfort with the tables next to us. My neighbors purse was practically in my own lap.The staff brought out a couple apps to apologize for the wait. Nice touch, and expect this kind of service from LEY- stuffed peppers and fried olives. Both were OK. Our waitress was snippy and rude. The only smile we got from her was when she was thanking us and handing us the bill.The food was excellent. Shredded brussel sprouts, Mama Depandi's bucatini and truffle bread. The bread was brought out 10 minutes after salad and pasta. Um no thank you, we don't want a plate of bread for dessert. So no thank you, we are not going to order dessert snippy waitress.All in all, It was worth a try but I don't think my friend and I will be returning anytime soon.Had such high hopes for this place, but the food was just average. The space is gorgeous, however, in all black & white; super chic, super Giuliana & Bill! The service was great too. We were greeted warmly by the hostess, the guy who showed us to our table, and our waitress.But the food was rather disappointing.  We ordered the following:- prime beef meatballs (3 medium sized for $9) - arrived lukewarm at best!- prosciutto & kale pizzette (special that day; $9) - too much crust & again looked like it had been sitting out under a heat lamp- handmade cavatelli with pork & beef ragu ($15) - really good & filling!- brussels sprouts ($9) - broth was flavorful, but I can't help but think they were just boiled; would have liked to see some pan seared color on themTake note that everything is portioned to share, although you may be able to get away with ordering 1 pasta for yourself (they are 4-5 ounces) if you have a light appetite. They also offer steaks, chicken, and seafood.My friends suggested this restaurant because it's owned by Giuliana and Bill Rancic. Who? If you don't watch reality tv, like me, then most likely you wouldn't know who they are either. It's not family style, but we ordered a variety of items to share. Everything was tasty and flavorful!  Truffled Garlic Bread, circa 1963: A good portion and starter.Shredded Brussels Sprouts- Avocado (Salad): It was crunchy and creamy. Spicy King Crab- Squid Ink Spaghetti: It's not much of a looker, but this was what I most looked forward to. I never had squid ink pasta before and I like trying new things. The crab had a good amount of heat without being too spicy. Herb-Roasted Chicken (Herb Mushrooms, Polenta): The chicken was moist and tender. I especially liked the polenta on this dish because it was crispy.Sautéed Broccolini (Side Dish)Roasted Mushrooms (Side Dish)I informed the hostess, while we were being seated, that we were here to celebrate a birthday. At the end of the meal, the birthday girl was presented with a variety of gelato flavors in mini cones and a lighted candle. Cute!Service was top-notch. Our waiter was friendly and helpful. The restaurant overall is chic with a sophisticated atmosphere. Dress up and have a wonderful evening here!Recently visiting Chicago from Greenwich, CT, I was told RPM was the hottest restaurant. It did not disappoint! The service was world class from knowledgeable and professional server Bobby to manager Lily. They go to any lengths to please. As a nightly restaurant aficionado , this food and presentation was the best I have ever had. Former French Laundry Chef Psaltis is extremely talented. Try the Risotto with lemon and sweet peas,  Pasta Carbonara, Fried Olives with Sausage and Zucchini Fritti. The wine list is extensive and first class. The vibe is cool . I would not split the Tartufo  again, I would order my own! Bravo Chicago! RPM is a winner. I will be back again this summer and bring my family.food is the only reason it has any stars.....Waited almost 45 minutes for a reservation we made 3 weeks ago.  then had some of the worst service i've ever experienced in chicago....not only was he bad, he was rude on top of it.  Oh, and arrogant.....which seems to be the theme around that place, arrogant servers,  isn't that an oxymoron?  Dont forget what you do and what you get paid for!  I usually still over-tip with bad service, just to make a small point.  this was one i had to bite my tongue and just give 20% and get out of there as fast as i could.  for my 3rd time there, very disappointing.  Will be my last time there.. each time the service got worse, and it wasn't even good to begin with.  Sorry Bill and Giuliana, i still love you guys. Id watch your help more closely moving forward and into your second restaurant.  Best wishes!Love this place for any occasion, date night, girls night, happy hour, birthday celebrations.  Great trendy vibe with delicious food.  I have cravings for their spaghetti & meatball... the pasta is so fresh I have never had anything that compares to it in Chicago.  Most servers we have had were great but just a couple that seemed like they needed more training.  All were very helpful when choosing a wine and happy to give us samples before selecting a bottle.  On one birthday occasion we were running terribly late (over an hour).  When we arrived they were not able to hold our reservation and had no other availability.  Completely our fault but still bummed we went outside to figure out where to go when the hostess found us outside and said they just had a cancellation and would be able to accommodate us.  We ended up in a private room in the back for our party and had a great dinner so everything worked out thanks to the kind hostess :-)     Excited for the RPM Steak to open!One of my favorite spots in Chicago.  Fantastic, modern and hip atmosphere with knowledgeable staff and amazing menu.  Two Thumbs Up !!I've been to this place twice. Both times, we received wonderful service and the food was always phenomenal! The only thing that is against my taste is the dim lighting, but I can deal with it. It's modern and chic, but the food is delicious and tastes very home made. Some of my favorites were the Squid ink spicy crab pasta. i honestly can't stop thinking about this dish. It's perfection ALL AROUND. The crab is tender and tastes sweet and fresh. The spicy sauce is creamy and delicious and it all blends really well together. The lobster caprese is delicious. My fiance is also obsessed! He loves that it comes with big chunks of lobster meat.. They definitely aren't greedy at RPM. I also love their bread with the ricotta cheese. I also dream about this magnificent concoction on a weekly basis! The ricotta cheese is fresh and creamy and flavorful and the bread is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.. You spread the ricotta on the bread, top it with a little tomato sauce..... Please excuse me while I wipe the drool from my chin!Mama DePandi's bucatini is delicious too. We ordered a side of meatballs (some of the best meatballs I've ever had in my life). As delicious as it really is, the Squid ink pasta is #1 in my heart. But the bucatini isn't far behind. I've also had their ADORABLE little pepperoni pizza. It's good.. there's no such thing as bad pizza... And considering how tiny and adorable it was, I loved it even more! lol Keep in mind, the pizzas are tiny, so if that's all you want, I recommend ordering just that, as they aren't big enough to share unless you're ordering a bunch of stuff from the menu and sharing it "family style", which is what we did.As far as drinks, the only cocktail I've tried is the Americano Cobbler. it was yummy and fruity, just how I like it. i wish it were a little bigger, but whatever, that's my problem. It's amazingly delicious. I also had their Pinot Grigio - Ca' Donini, Veneto. For being just $8 a glass, it was honestly one of the best glasses of Pinot I've ever had. I'm no wine expert and I seldom drink wine, so don't quote me on that.. But I really liked it. Very smooth. DESSERTS! I've tried the tarfufo which was very yummy.. But since it was just me and my fiance, this giant ball of delicious chocolate gelato and hazlenut shell became a little redundant after about 4 spoonfuls. I recommend it if you're sharing it with 2 or 3 other people. But it was delicious.. It was just too much for the 2 of us after we had just stuffed our faces will all of the prior courses.We also had these little beignet-donut thingies that came with a side of lemon curd and mascarpone for dipping. My fiance LOVED the mascarpone.. I thought they were delicious all on their own. I almost called off our engagement when he took my last piece and swallowed it whole when I wasn't looking. I've since then forgiven him, but it still left a hole in my heart. I'm sure that last piece was the best piece.. But I'll never know. Oddly enough, I can't seem to find these beignet-donutty things on the menu, so I don't know if it was just a special for the night or something you have to request. I''ll ask about them next time I go.. You can bet on it!So yea, everything was awesome! I love this place and i love the service and I ESPECIALLY love the food. Everything tastes home made and fresh. i HIGHLY recommend. If you're going, please add me to your reservation. I'll just sit there quietly and eat my meal.. I'll even pay for my own food. I promise. I just want another excuse to eat at RPM Italian! hahaWOW!!  I was really hoping that the two month wait for a table would live up to all the hype and it sure did.   From the moment we walked in on a Saturday night you could feel the energy in the place.  All waiters and waitresses are dressed in white suit coats and everyone is very professional.  The drinks at the bar while we waited were all suburb.  I wish I could remember the names of them but were very original and all very good.  Upon sitting down everything was run perfectly.  You can really tell these employees enjoy where they work and take pride in what they do.  The second a plate needed to be cleared, someone was over your shoulder asking you if you were done.  Then a new one was placed.  I could go on and on about the service but the best part was the FOOD!!  I highly recommend doing Family style.  I didn't think we would do this before arriving but someone in our party said it was the best way to eat there.  We started with 3 apps.I'm not sure how long I have been trying to get a reservation at a decent time at RPM, but it's been close to a year!  So, you can only imagine my joy at being able to snag a table for 4 at 9:30 on a Thursday night.  Still late for my taste but way better than the 11:15 time slot that kept showing up on my previous attempts.So, I must say that it was well worth the wait!  The portions are quite small (contradictory to what most patrons would expect for Italian in Chicago), but it was no sweat for me because it allowed my party to dabble in quite a few options on the menu.Here we go:Starters - Truffled Garlic Bread circa 1963:  This was sooooo good!  The truffles really added a wonderful dimension to what could have been any old garlic bread. I would order this again.Cremini Mushroom Pizzette with truffle and fontina fonduta.  The truffles, cremini mushrooms and fontina were a match made in heaven.  It was truly enjoyable.Stuffed Squash Blossoms with burrata and diablo sauce.  I really think this was my favorite appetizer.  The squash blossom had a delicate flavor and the burrata was a nice compliment without overpowering the dish.  It was also fried tempura style.  What's not to love?Cauliflower Fontina Gratin:  This was good.  But didn't really stand out in my mind.  I wouldn't order this again.Main Course:Mama DePandi's Buccatini Pomodoro w/basil:  This tasted like it came straight out of Mama's kitchen.  For such a simple dish, it packed a lot of flavor and was delicious.Spicy King Crab with Squid Ink Spaghetti:  So fabulous!  The crab had just the right hint of heat and went really well with the spaghetti.  I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves seafood :).Eggplant Parmesan:  This was very traditional and just what we expected.  We loved it!Porcini Mushroom Parpadelle in a Cream Sauce (nightly special).  This dish was really on the skimpy side.  It's probably not a good sign that you can see the bottom of the plate before you've even taken your first bite.  At $24, I expected more.  Had the portion been a little more substantial for the cost, I wouldn't be complaining because it was quite good.Dessert:Gelato Quad: Raspberry, Pistachio, Coconut and Coffee.  Every flavor was a hit except for Raspberry which was more of a sorbet than a gelato.  however, the presentation was adorable in that each was a mini scoop served in a mini-cone.  It was almost too cute to eat...almost!Tartufo:  Hazlenut ice cream with a hard chocolate center covered in a hazlenut and chocolate shell.  YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!  ORDER THIS!  You won't be disappointed :).They were sold out of the donuts...that was a major bummer.  But that just means that we will have to go back just to try those.All in all, RPM's quality and fine service speak to all the hype surrounding this place.  Oh and talk isn't cheap.  We spent a pretty penny on dinner, but then again, if you have to make reservations for 7:30 5 months in advance, you will have plenty of time to save up ;).This place is good but not as good as I was expecting. Pasta is good. Chicken was mediocre. Had a special flatbread they were offering with kale and it was very good.  The tartufo on the other hand is DELICIOUS.Like everyone else, I knew I had to try this place because of the "it" factor.  Unlike everyone else, I was able to get a reservation day of (thanks, AMEX Platinum!).  That being said, I was able to think of this as just another dining experience and not build myself up for some epic performance of culinary awesomeness that I had to wait a lifetime to experience!To start, yep, it's super trendy.  I dressed to the 6s while most were definitely dressed to the 9s.  Fortunately, I am naturally attractive with awesome dimples and I just really wanted to wear my new favorite pink and blue button down shirt from the Gap.  We started with the wine list and, per the waiter, zoned in on the Frappato.  Great recommendation, sir.  Reasonably priced and delicious as anything.  I'm no sommelier, but I am awesome and appreciative of a red wine not too sweet, not too dry.  I am also no big fan of small plates, but I was intrigued by the menu and was glad we were able to order several different things.  We started with the carpaccio and the truffled garlic bread.  The carpaccio was divine and I could not get enough of it, except that I had to because, as the concept is "small plates", we tore through it pretty quickly.  The garlic bread was a total hit and, although Mama said never to fill up on bread, I would have gladly eaten two or fifteen more loafs.Then a random 25-minute break.  Weird, since we put everything in at the same time.  I guess better to stagger it somewhat then bring them all at once?  Bizarre, but ok.The charred pepperoni pizza came out next along with the prime beef meatballs.  Again, two more delicious options, but the portions were so small that my 3-year-old niece could have gobbled them up and gone back for more.  Our final choice was the short rib pappardelle, which was my favorite of the night.  It was flavored perfectly and the noodles were the perfect amount of al dente.  I would have ordered this dish for myself and not shared it with anyone.  Ever.We were feeling adventurous, and still a bit hungry, and decided to split the tartufo, which was hazelnut ice cream in a chocolate shell.  It was shaped like a meatball.  Cute!  I am not much for desserts but it definitely hit the spot.  Great way to end the meal, I'd say.The damage was about $120 and I felt like I had just enough of everything to be satisfied, but I definitely could have eaten more.  Overall, a hot lil spot and I would definitely return.This restaurant has the greatest ambiance but the worse pastas lol.We went to this restaurant with friends who came from overseas, anyways the place decor is a top notch and the ambiance is really the best in chicago for me so far.we had the garlic bread for appetizer which was the best and had the burrata cheese salad which was sweet and kinda mediocre, the main courses were the pesto ravioli and the lobster ravioli and had the tortelini, actually almost all of them were disappointing, the least disappointing is the lobster ravioli lol.anyways i would like to come back because of the atmosphere of the restaurant but i will try the main dishes and not the pastas next timeHubby: "Babe what are the chances of you seeing G&B here since that is the reason you wanted to come all the way to Chicago to eat at RPMMe: Course I would be super excited to see them, but I bet you they wouldn't be here. I really do want to try the food. I heard it's good.Hubby: Yah sure........1PM lunch reservation.Walked right in and sat by the door. Look around and OMG OMG OMG. I see Baby Duke, Bill, and Giuliana Rancic sitting in the corner eating with some friends. I am star struck and of course taking my phone out trying to take a picture. I didn't want to bother them while they are eating so of course I didn't run over there and ask for a picture, but of course I really wanted to. For the food. It was really good. Beef Carpaccio-needs more seasoning.Meatballs-tender and very yummy.Truffled Garlic Bread-AmazeballsMama DePandi Bucatini Pomodoro w/ Basil-I can see why they say Giuliana's mom can cook. It was so yummy even though it's so simpleShort Rib Pappardelle-short ribs were so tender, very meaty, and very good. Our waiter was great. They change the plates, refilled water, was very friendly. Then another OMG moment. G & B were getting up to leave and they had to walk right pass me because I was sitting by the door. Bill walked out first with Baby Duke and I said to Bill, "Love your show and your baby." He turned and looked at me and said thank you. I appreciate it! What a nice guy!Then you see Giuliana slowly walking out and a bunch of people got up and asked to take a picture. She was super nice. I even got a picture with her. Then she told everyone only one more picture cuz she had to tend to Baby Duke, but she took 10 more pictures. She was so down to earth. YAY!!! Go G and B and Baby D! Also yum for the food!!!Loved the food and wine and atmosphere!!Also very sweet they sent over a complimentary dessert for my birthday!THIS PLACE IS AMAZING AND EVERY ITEM ON THEIR MENU IS TO DIE FOR!!! I would go into detail of the 10 different dishes I have had here but it would take forever!! I love this place, the environment it gives, the amazing wine selection, the great customer service and the mouth watering food! Tip #1: Go with tons of money and listen to the specials that aren't on the menu and order them! Tip #2: Best to go with a group and just eat family style so everyone can taste everything!RPM is my favorite Italian restaurant! Their food is amazing, however, the portions are small and a bit overpriced. Must order the Garlic truffle bread, 600day prosciutto and the carbonara... So delish.  Great ambiance. Servers are extremely friendly and very helpful when recommending a dish. Drinks are good too. Haven't ran into Bill and Giuliana yet, but hopefully one day. Huge fan.I totally had to eat here since people always tell me I'm a better looking and more wealthy version of Bill Rancic.. I know why it's called RPM and I totally got the race theme in terms of: "Gentlemen, start your engines, on your mark, set, start spending lots of money" Enough with the shameless attempts at humor.It's really good. Get: prosciutto truffle pizza (tiny little pizza but so much flavor), truffle garlic bread and the meatballs (the bread hell yes, the meatballs meh.. but good together), Mama Something's pasta with basil (simple, tasty) ...Corn/pancetta side dish - is just as amazing as it sounds. One of the best things you'll ever eat.Entree - I did the filet - excellent cut of meat (they're opening a steakhouse soon)Eat well, get a bottle of something, and get that pistachio sorbet. THe service here is excellent. If you see a better looking version of Bill Rancic while your dining here.. It's me..Loved this restaurant.  I hope I get a chance to visit Chicago again so I can go back here.  My friends and I made a reservation through Open Table.  It seems like this place gets pretty busy so make your reservations as soon as you know you want to come here.I loved the ambiance and decor the restaurant.  It is perfect for a date or just a nice place for a girls night out.  We wanted to try a few things on the many so we just picked a few dishes and shared them.The truffled garlic bread was good.  You can taste the garlic on there and the cheese on top.  We also ordered a few side dishes; roasted mushrooms and the sauteed brocolini.  Both were good as well.  Very light and flavorful.Shredded Brussels sprouts and avocado salad.  I didn't know you can even shred Brussels sprouts.  HA!  It was a big salad.  We couldn't even finish it with four people.  I want to attempt to make my own at home.The herbed roasted chicken with polenta.  OMG!  The chicken was so moist and flavorful.  Underneath the chicken they had fried polenta.  It was the best polenta I have ever tasted.  I wished we order a side of that.  It was just perfect!Spicy king crab squid ink pasta.  My favorite dish of the night.  I am still craving more and its been about two weeks since I dined at RPM.  Its the perfect amount of spicy.  There were good amounts of king crab meat.  And the squid ink pasta was just right.  It sounds like it would be really fishy, but it was not.  Can someone tell Giuliana and Bill to open a restaurant in Sacramento please?!Mind you I was hesitant about this restaurant because sometimes these celebrity owned restaurants turn out to be not all they're cracked up to be, but I have always had a great experience at RPM. I have gone about 6 times now and whether I'm sitting at the bar or in the dining area the service has always been fantastic. The drinks are always delicious, I've tried multiple. The American Cobbler drink is awesome, the bartenders also make fantastic Moscow Mules. I always start out with a Zucchini Fritti as an appetizer which is always a hit with friends who have never tried the restaurant when I bring them. I've also tried multiple types of their breaks which are all delicious. For salad, I order the brussels sprout and avocado salad. Man it is so good every time. For pasta I am hooked on Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro. The pasta always tastes like it is made fresh and the sauce is outstanding.I highly suggest this restaurant to anyone looking for a menu of delicious modern Italian dishes, as well as fantastic drinks.I had first tried calling ahead in the morning to make reservation in the evening but they only had 4pm and 11pm reservations available for a party of two on a Friday evening. We showed up around 7pm and the hostess asked if we had a reservation which we didn't and immediately informed us that the bar area was open seating. After making a trip around the complete full bar we noticed many empty tables and asked the hostess if she had any open tables for a party of two and she immediately seated us. Ummm, you could've just seated us before letting us try to find a seat at the bar? OKAY...Once seated we had a really friendly waitress which recommended some of her favorites. The experience from here on was pleasant. If you can get past the front desk and their elusive ways, you'll be happy you gave this place a chance. As far as drinks and food are concerned, this place is a solid 4 stars. The Spicy King Crab over black ink squid spaghetti was money! Soooo good! The portions are definitely on the smaller side but straight up amazing. Definitely pricy but easily one of the best pasta's I've ever had!Wow what an experience from the start. We went on Halloween and wore costumes, we were one of the few but it didn't matter at all. For the classiness of the place they weren't pretentious at all. Our server was great, his name escapes me but he was attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and very nice. Not to mention he gave us a free champagne toast and dessert because we were celebrating our anniversary! Food was delish too, I would recommend a certain stand out dish if could but they were all fantastic. Giuliana's Italian salad with all 7 ingredients was delightful and pretty large and the short rib pappardelle was melt in your mouth tasty.Pricey place but worth every penny!Like everyone else here, I had to make a reservation FAR in advance to get a seat at this place. This led me to believe it was either: A) One of best restaurants in Chicago                 -OR- B) Trendy, due to the ownership made popular by crappy TV shows. Sadly I found out "B" was the correct choice. I understand that you are going to get small portions at an" Italian tapas" place, but don't charge me $17 for a place of gnocchi that was given at a portion the size of a baseball. I could have spent the same at Rosebud and had enough for leftovers. RPM would have saved face if the gnocchi was good, but the sauce had a taste of a Campbell soup. The only dish the actually had flavor was the Cavatelli pasta, but it's not worth waiting 3 weeks to try it. If you are a man and like having large portions where you don't have to go to Xoco afterwards to be full....dont go here. If you are a chick and want to impress your friend how little you can eat and how "hip" you are for knowing who the owner is...then have fun. Ill pass.Let me start by saying the the service was excellent from being greated at the door until we left it was spot on for what I would expect in river north.  The food was actually very good to excellent some unique options such as the olives stuffed with sausage and the spicy king crab squid ink pasta both excellent.  The traditional spaghetti and meatballs was very good kinda surprised by that.  Only one thing that was kinda off was the size of our deserts they were huge next time we will just order one and split it a heads up would have been nice.  It definately is a place to be seen and has a club feel so go early if you want to avoid that seen man I'm getting old lol.I came here the other night for the first time and this restaurant was certainly worth the hype! Food; outstanding. Service; amazing. Atmosphere; fantastic!My party shared a few appetizers and each one was better than the next! Deep fried olives, octopus, cheese plate, ricotta and bread, Parmesan stuffed peppers, 600 day aged prosciutto all amazing! Could not get enough. Everyone in my group are something different. We had Prawns, Filet, Gnocchi, Meatballs and spaghetti and I had the Veal on special with the Saffron Risotto. Out. Of. This. World! We could not find one thing we did not like on our table. Drinks were perfect, amazing wine list. I was so happy. Our server was a terrific girl named Liz. She was SO helpful with the menu since none of us had dined there before. Very sweet and made great recommendations. When I return I will be requesting to be with her again for sure!Everything was very clean, down to the last detail. Bussing staff was on top of everything! I used a sugar packet for my espresso and it was swept off the table before I even had time I stir it into my coffee haha.This restaurant definitely deserves a 5 star rating. I cannot wait to return and have another great experience.I was super excited to try RPM since it's supposed to be the new trendy upcoming Italian restaurant in Chicago. Left fairly disappointed and unsatisfied. The restaurant itself is beautiful. The decor is very loung-y and the patrons all have an LA/Miami vibe. Now, onto the food. I love all things truffle and almost always order anything with it on the menu so of course when I saw that RPM had garlic bread with truffles, I couldn't contain my excitement. However, that was probably one of the most disappointing dish of the night. The garlic bread was kind of dry, the truffle felt out of place, and it just wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Also ordered the meatballs which were decent. The carbonara was also decent and they mix it with the raw egg right in front of you so it's pretty cool. Overall, the food was just meh for me. Decent, but certainly not top notch. There are so many other italian restaurants in the city that have much better dishes that I don't think I will be coming back for the food. However, if you're looking for a trendy italian restaurant with decent food, loungey feel, you've found your spot. I'd go back for drinks with friends and appetizers but this would not be my first choice if I'm craving a real italian meal.I love RPM. I've been here three times and there have been only two items I've been unimpressed by, the cauliflower gratin which was under seasoned and the pepperoni pizzette. Other then that I actually crave their dishes on a regular basis. The ricotta and toast is to die for, the ricotta just melts in your mouth, same with the prime beef meatballs. I could go here and eat only these two things and be completely happy with my meal. As for pasta I've tried Mama Depandi's, Spicy King Crab, Roasted Porcini, Short Rib Pappardelle, Carbonara, and Pumpkin Agnolotti. All have been good, all of them! You can order almost anything here and be satisfied.To see and to be seen, this is one of those places, but with great food too.  My biggest complaint about this place was the SMALL portion sizes and the BIG prices attached to them. If price is not an issue, then you will love RPM.  Desserts and coffee were amazing too-which to me, says a lot about a restaurant.Food, was delicious and went above my expectations.  Bill and Giuliana know what they're doing!Trendy (still) Italian restaurant. Good for entertaining. Ambiance is cool and pretty and the food is definitely not disappointing.Giuliana rancic is awesome so I got to support!I've been here multiple times now and it's a must stop place when I go to Chicago. It is difficult to get a table without reservations, so I'd advise making them well in advance. Also the service here is always amazing My favorite dishes: squid ink pasta, eggplant parmesan, polenta, and the hazelnut chocolate ball. The squid ink pasta has crab with it and the pasta is fresh, there are some peppers to give it an extra kick. I love the eggplant parmesan from RPM so much so that I don't get it anywhere else anymore. The eggplant parmesan is always crispy on the outside and moist on the inside (I hate when restaurants serve it a bit soggy all over).I had a whole weekend of tasting Chicago foods with my mom since she was visiting. RPM was definitely my favorite out of all of them. Firstly, I love the interior. Everything is black and white - including the staff's attire - giving this place a modern and sleek look without looking too pretentious. It was a little loud, but I'm an old lady at heart. Our waitress was friendly and helpful with dishes as well.We started with the shredded brussel sprouts salad which was delicious. We ordered the prosciutto wrapped figs as an afterthought and they actually became my favorite dish of the night. Popping these beautiful creations in my mouth was like my own personal paradise. I probably could just order a few plates of these next time and call it a night. We then ordered the Bucatini Pomodoro which was just a glorified version of spaghetti. We wanted to try the famous meatballs but didn't want a whole order so our waitress suggested we just get one on top of this dish. Perfect! And yes, they are very good. The herb risotto by far out did the other pasta, however. Risotto is a hard dish to make and this was absolutely perfect. We were too stuffed for dessert but I kept seeing cute little gelato cups going by and now I must return to try these!What's to say about RPM...It's a nice looking space. They turned a slow older business (Ben Pao) into a hot trendy spot. But I've been there 3-4 times and while good it fails to be great. Unless you have crazy expectations you won't be disappointed but you won't be blown away... It is perfectly pleasant is what it is. It would make a great first date location for someone trying to impress a person who in fact is easy to impress. It may seem urban or chic to someone who has not been around much. I don't know... It's just more flash than substance. But the food is solid and the vibe is upbeat so give it a shot, but go mainly because your curious, not for the food itself.2nd time in.(Took the wife in for her b-day dinner) Experience was just as great as the first time! Awesome service, and AMAZING food. two best words to describe,,,,,fresh and delicious. definitely not cheap, but worth it on a special occasion. Our favorite Italian restaurant in Chicago.After a long awaited chance to eat at this hot spot in Chicago finally made it for dinner on a Thursday night. Our reservation was for 9:30pm which seemed to be sooo late but when we got there it felt like a Saturday night in the place.  Music pumping, guys dressed in their finest blazers and gals in their Hubbard Street attire!  So to no surprise they were running behind on their reservations. We didn't get seated till almost 10 and although it felt like we should be heading home we stuck with it and had dinner. Started off with Truffled garlic bread,Cremini Mushroom Pizzettes and Squash blossoms.  The blossoms were unique to typical Chicago Italian menu and I truly appreciated that.  We also nibbles on the cauliflower gratin and whipped garlic mash potatoes.  All done very well and flavorful.  For my entree I had the mushroom parpadelle in a cream sauce.  The dish was cooked aldente and different that the usually cooked pastas.  The portion was surprisingly just right.  I had a tasting of my friends spicy king crab squid ink spaghetti and it was also delicious.  Everything tasted like it was freshly made to order and not batched out.  I could taste the time spent to perfect the dishes and flavors.  For dessert we had the Tartufo and the Gelato quad.  The tartufo was absolutely to die for!!! And as cute as the gelatos were I was really bummed they had run out of the donuts...maybe next time right?!Overall the dining experience was delicious and not a disappointment.  My only concern is the prices for the portions.  For all the competition out there and the traditional dishes they offer over the arts and crafts of many fusion culinary experiences it was way too much.  I felt I should have gone home with left overs for the prices we paid.I really enjoyed my meal here more than I thought.  the food was actually exceptional.  I wouldn't be surprised by at least a Michelin star in the coming year, or at the very least a Bib Gormand.  Several dishes were noteworthy including the King Crab with squid ink spaghetti, the poached pear and baratta, and the smoked salmon crostini. I  wasn't a huge fan of the brussel sprout salad (I was surprised they weren't at least cooked) but even this dish was very tasty.  Drinks were well prepared and both desserts were spectacular.  I recommend the salted caramel and dark chocolate tourine.  I enjoy the small plate system employed here so that you can try several dishes without spending too (too) much money.   My only real issue is the intense club music playing throughout the restaurant.  It is very incongruous to the whole atmosphere of the dining room and the cuisine, and borders on distracting to obnoxious.  The decor of the restaurant is modern, yet very sleek and elegant, so the music is a bit jarring. Other than that, this hip restaurant is definitely worth the hype and I look forward to trying again.The food is tasty although portions are small (they do warn you ahead of time.) The bomboloni are insanely good- you need to save room for dessert! Our server was excellent and attentive, service is where RPM really shines as many other yelp reviews can attest.  I was not blown away, but I liked our meal a lot and would definitely go back some time soon.I absolutely love this place.First off, the atmosphere is great. Super modern and very swanky. The food is fantastic. I have been here twice, and I have not been disappointed. For an app, I highly recommended the homemade ricotta cheese with toasted semolina bread. So creamy and light. The Guiliana salad is also yummy. It is loaded with peppers (sweet and hot), olives, cheese, tomatoes, etc. Delicious.You must get Mama Di Pandi's bucatini. The pasta is homemade and cooked perfectly, and the pomodoro is fresh and it has a nice sweetness to it. Prime beef meatballs are very moist and they have great flavor.I also recommend the eggplant parm, fried polenta, roasted chicken, and cavatelli.For dessert, get the bomboloni with lemon curd if you light doughnuts! So airy and they come out warm.This is definitely one of my favorite place in Chicago and there is a good chance you could see G&B. On my first trip there, we saw them and Bill was very friendly! PS: Ask for David as your server. He is very fun!So it's easy to hate on this place because of the whole reality tv background and how hard it is to get a reservation but.......RPM is pretty damn good. My girlfriend and I finally had dinner here the other night and I was pleasantly surprised. Our server was excellent ( I forgot her name sadly). She was super attentive and knowledgeable. The reviews saying the portions are too small are silly. We ordered three apps, two entrees, and two desserts and it was perfect. We had a nice range of food and everything was delicious. The price was also surprisingly affordable for such a jam packed trendy place. The only reason I'm not going all in with 5 stars is the atmosphere. The space is beautiful but the music was too loud and clubby. Also there was a couple in their 50s (who dressed and acted like they were 22 years old) that brought their baby in with stroller at midnight on a Sunday. Ridiculous (I realize this is not RPM's fault but come on).MANAGER'S APOLOGY - Okay, so I got an email from the manager apologizing for my experience and that the rude and rotund African American male was in fact a bouncer and not a manager...(remember I said this was a bar disguised as restaurant...see?)  and that they do not "tolerate this" and that he will be "spoken to".  My guess is, you do tolerate it, and that you won't speak to him, because you neglected to ask me what night I was in and what transpired- so, how would you know what to say?  Unless, his rudeness is common place, and you have to again, talk to him about it.--..and if that's the case-- fire him...there are plenty of people who can do his job and better- I don't think there's a speciality degree in bouncing, is there? - it's a job for people who didn't work hard in high school.   I give this manager 2 more years with this restaurant, before he goes back to pursuing his real passion; music, professional poker player or poetry, is it?  and, I give the restaurant maybe 3 more years? The operation is too big for those speciality dishes, you can't control the quality on that big of an operation, there's no way.  Watch RPM re-opens as "Mama's Cucina" 'More Family Friendly Joynt' replete with 'y' in joynt..... ala plastic salamis and cheeses hanging from the ceiling. Again, I'll take a pass with these mediocrites.....Food:  We tried their pizza, salad, spaghetti, garlic bread and spicy ink pasta.  Pizza was super good.  Everything else was also very tasty.Decor:  Felt like I was going to a club.  Very nice and modern decor.Price:  Average item was $16+Overall:  Very trendy place, food was good with club music.I have been wanting to try RPM for a long time! Like many others, watching Giuliana and Bill is one of the main reasons. But I have also heard great things about the food. We tried to get a reservation about a 10 days in advance and the only options were 4:30 and 9:30...so try to plan accordingly!When we arrived we were seated immediately, and I should mention that the decor inside RPM is amazing. It's modern but classy and very well done. They were very busy so it took a few minutes for our server to greet us, not a big deal. He gave us the drink menus and explained the food menu after we had our drinks. They have a great cocktail and wine list!For food, we ordered a lot! Luckily we had a big group so we got to try different things. We ordered the fried olives, tuna bruschetta, fried raviolis, and the meatballs as starters. All were great. I ordered Mama DePandi's Bucatini, and it was honestly one of the best pasta dishes I've had. It was simple but very well done and delicious. If a restaurant can do simple dishes perfectly, you know it's a great place. Others at the table ordered the herb chicken (very good, but nothing extraordinary), the King Crab pasta, Handmade Cavatelli, and sea scallops. Everyone loved their meals. We didn't order dessert because we didn't have room! I will definitely be back. Our bill was ~$120 for two, but that included our five cocktails, two apps, and two entrees. Well worth it!I don't usually go out to Italian restaurants, but I've read so many good reviews for this place.  I'm glad that my boyfriend and I decided to go.  I had the spaghetti and meatball and it was simple but so good.  I'd highly recommend getting the truffle garlic bread to go along with the pasta, it was so good.  My boyfriend got the crab and squid ink pasta and he enjoyed that as well.  This was an overall good experience and I look forward to dining at RPM again in the future.RPM Italian was a fun night out.  It was difficult to get a table (on a Wednesday night) so we sat in the bar area.  We tried a variety of menu items and found some to be amazing and others to be okay.  Most memorable were the Pumpkin Agnolotti (TO DIE FOR!!!) and the prosciutto wrapped figs.  These should both be menu staples!  We found the lobster in the lobster caprese to be lacking flavor (disappointing for a $16 starter) and Mama DePandi's Buccatini pasta with a meatball was tasty enough but not especially memorable.  Portions were smaller than I expected, but perfect to order a few and share in the middle.We tried two desserts: Bill's chocolate budino (delicious but rich enough that you'll want to balance it out with something tart) and the special of the day which was described as a puff pastry but was simply fried donut squares (meh).  I would have been happy with another order of the Pumpkin Agnolotti for dessert!  Drinks were thoughtfully made and service was top notch.  The Pumpkin Agnolotti was SO GOOD that I'm making it a priority to return to RPM next time I'm in Chicago!Just got back from an early Sunday dinner at RPM to celebrate a one year anniversary with my wife. The waitstaff was really helpful and the food was well prepared and delicious. Our server even let us take a long break in between courses so we could enjoy a drink and pace ourselves, which was necessary because we ordered a lot of food for two people.The slow roasted pork shoulder is a must try. Italian food the way it should be.  Not the way your grandma makes it.  And the 600 day prosciutto...oh my....so good.  I love the small pasta portions, because who wants to fill up on pasta.  I expected that the celebrity of this place made it a little overhyped, but I was pleased to find out I was wrong.Food: 4/5 excellent pasta, undercooked steak but good flavor. Not really ok to mess up a 50 dollar steak. Drink from the specials menu was awesome.Service: 3/5. 5/5 at the bar and hostess stand but really lacking at the table.  Had to ask someone to find our waiter and he never apologized or acknowledged that he was absent for most of our meal.Atmosphere: 5/5Overall- Not a bad experience but not sure I would go back. Bummed after seeing so many other great reviews.  A lot of better options in the same neighborhood and price point.Delicious artichokes.  Delightful tartufo ice cream.  I went here with my sister and her friends and we even had a celebrity sighting!  Derrick Rose!Came to RPM for our 5 yr wedding anniversary, and couldn't have been been moreAbsoltely fabulous meal. Food is great and service prompt. Plus they totally took care of us. Definitely going backWhile visiting Chicago, I wanted to eat here purely because I'm a fan of Gilliana and Bill!  Reservations were full, so we were advised to look for an open bar table or actual bar seat!  We were in no hurry, so ordered a drink.  I had a strawberry/procecco drink that was amazing and beautiful!  My friend had something a tad bit stronger, but he loved it as well!  After a bit of stalking, we found 2 barstools to relax and order food!  We started with the truffled garlic bread and it was to die for!! We saved most of it for dipping in our pasta sauces!  For dinner I ordered mama depandi's bucatini with meatballs!  While the pasta was good, I would definitely recommend the meatballs!!  They were the best part!!  We also ordered the spicy king crab and it was good, but the only reason I'm not giving the 5th star.  It was kinda fishy and neither of us were big fans of the squid pasta.  Overall... What a fun place to people watch and enjoy dinner in downtown!  I will definitely go again next time in Chicago!Obviously this place doesn't need any more reviews so I'll keep this short.  The food is good, the best italian in the city?  Prob not but it's a fun place to go and very "hip" still.  The squid ink pasta is a must as is the ricotta and toast app.  The service is impeccable.  I can only imagine how much silverware they wash on a daily basis.  Given how hard it is to get a reservation I'd rather go elsewhere but it's a great place to try once.In all honesty, the only reason my girlfriends and I booked a reservation at RPM on our recent trip was because we are big fans of Giuliana and Bill Rancic. So really, we weren't expecting much other than fun and some standard Italian fare.But from the moment we walked through the revolving door, we were completely blown away by RPM.The decor was simple but elegant. Our table was in "the fun corner" according to our amazing waiter, Michael. I've noticed someone else called out Michael in their review. He is, in a word, amazeballs. Best. Waiter. Ever.He guided us through the menu, gave us great ideas on what to order, and was just as excited about that evening's big concert at Soldier Field as we were.It's hard to decide what my favorite dish of the evening was. We had the carpacio, lobster caprese, artichokes, Brussels sprouts salad and the prosciutto wrapped figs. We capped it off with the budino and a corn gelato dessert special.Everything was stellar and we didn't leave too full before a big, hot night full of lots of walking and climbing of steps at Soldier Field.This is one of those places that doesn't just offer you great food, but a full on amazing experience. It's on my must visit list every time I'm back in Chicago in the future.Came here for restaurant week. Not my first time here but all I have to say is this place is always a jam.I think our server was Nick, and he was great. Super nice, attentive, and helpful with food suggestions.We ordered one order of the full restaurant week menu, and then a few things off the regular menu.This place is always tasty. I always end up spending too much money there, but I don't mind. Loved the stuffed peppers, the pork...pretty much everything. The caramel budino will never let me down, ever.The only thing bad I could say is the special truffle lasagna was a bit too rich for my tastes, I didn't realize it was all white sauce, but other than that, pretty a-ok.What can I say, but what a wonderful time I had at RPM Italian for my Mom's birthday!  I made reservations 3 months in advance because I was told it gets filled very quickly.  From the moment we walked in, we all felt like it was a really cozy place.  We didn't feel at all like it was pretentious.  We were seated in a booth and Gianni, our waiter greeted us.  Being our first time at the restaurant, he made wonderful suggestions for our appetizers, main course and dessert.  Our appetizers consisted of wood-roasted octopus and the special, which was the tuna tartare on bruschetta. Both were amazing! But my overall favorite was the tuna which was topped with truffle oil.  It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  Next, we had Giuliana's Salad, which was iceberg lettuce, salami, pepperoncini, olives, parmesan cheese, yellow and red tomatoes and some type of Italian dressing, which was delicious.  For the main course, my mom had the short rib papparadelle, my dad had the spicy king crab with squid ink spaghetti and I had the morel mushrooms with hand-cut tagiliatelle and chives.  The pasta in each of our dishes was AMAZING-just how we all liked it: al dente!  At the end of our meal, Gianni brought out these three little cute sorbets in a cone cup as well as Bill's Chocolate Budino for my Mom's birthday.  She was so surprised!  In addition to those desserts, we also took Gianni's suggestion and had this amazing corn ice cream with blueberry sauce.  It was to die for!  I wish I could have taken a gallon of it home with me!!  Coffee was also wonderful!RPM Italian made my Mom's birthday very special.  We were all hoping to have a Bill and Giuliana sighting, but no luck our night.  Maybe next time!  All in all, the ambiance was warm and inviting, the food was wonderful, and the service first rate (thanks Gianni!)!  We will definitely be back!RPM is located in the hip River North just a few blocks from downtown Chicago. The restaurants in this area are notorious -- you can usually expect the patrons to consist of beautifully dressed people paying exorbitant prices to eat small portions of high-quality food.If this is not your scene, then unfortunately RPM fits right into this category. Is the food delicious? Yes. Is the decor fabulous? Yes. Will you see Bill/Giuliana? Maybe. However, if you have a normal sized appetite and enjoy wine, you will leave hungry and with a $200+ bill for a tasty, but tiny meal. For the right crowd, RPM is a real knockout. It is undoubtedly one of the hippest restaurants in Chicago right now. For me? I have been several times and that's probably enough for a while. For the more laid back guest who is still a bit curious, I would recommend grabbing a few cocktails and appetizers in the bar area. The cocktails/wine list is quite good and worth a try.Positives - Great atmosphere - Spread out seating,   perfect noise level, cool interior Excellent service!! We were here for almost 4 hours slowly eating and talking and never felt rushed. Waiter checked in on us a perfect amount of times. Tapas Italian style is always cool!!Negatives -Food was just eh - not bad, just incredibly average compared to other Chicago Italian Drinks in my opinion just not good. $$$$$Very hard to get a reservation (of course this does raise the "cool" factor)RPM provided a fantastic dining experience for us. Summary: Sat in the main bar area briefly - cool vibe.Ordered a Lido & Laura Dora (Specialty cocktail with Gin, St. Germaine's, Lemon Juice, & a light fortified wine - delicious)Sat in main dining room (after requesting a move from bar-area "high-top" table)Our server, Steven, & his team were great. Friendly, knowledgable, & efficient.  Began with the Salumi/meat & cheese plate.  Good selection with delicious tomato jamCavatelli pastaLobster ravioli Corn & pancetta sideScallopsPork chopBill's Budino dessertFrom start to finish, it was all delicious, well-prepared & well-presented. Bonus - Bill & Giuliana walked past us with baby Duke!  Our server said they are very down-to-earth & friendly.  Fun to see them.I may have had too much expectation for this place. I'm a foodie and don't usually have problems with service unless it's absolutely terrible. I can even enjoy small ethnic restaurants with "seemingly" cold, non-english-speaking servers. As long as my food is served in a timely manner at the right temperature, I'm happy. I was at RPM at 4pm on a Saturday. The place was nearly empty but the hostesses were too busy to seat us right away, even with a reservation. After a wait, we were assigned a very knowledgeable waitress. However, she had a bit too much to say, and my dining partner (a very good friend from overseas with whom I reunited after 3 years) and I were often interrupted, and had to spend those lengthy interruptions NOT eating, and definitely NOT catching up. In terms of FOOD- I loved the antipasti's portions- not too big, not too small. In terms of taste and texture, no single dish was overpowering or over/undercooked. They were OK, nothing special, just satisfactory. My friend and i shared all the plates--shredded brussels sprouts salad, provolone-stuffed peppers, stuffed squash blossoms, an order of their truffled garlic bread, and the maine lobster ravioli as our entree. One major discontent I felt about the dishes was the ravioli, although the sauce was fine and the pasta was seemingly al dente, its filling was COLD. I let our server know and suggested she acknowledge the kitchen staff. Against our willingness to continue with the remaining ravioli, she grabbed our plate and insisted she'd get it heated up. Against our wishes to finish dining and promptly leave the restaurant, we had to stay longer.I don't think I will be returning unless I had a gun to my head.Buonissimo!!!  Mi e' veramente piaciuto!!!!Love this place ... Fantastic food, excellent service and a great wine selection.  I've been there a couple of times and have never been disappointed. Highly recommend it !!!This is my cousin's favorite restaurant in the city. She watches the Rancic's program on TV and has also had an internship with Lettuce Entertain You. For those reasons, she has been begging me to try RPM.The 3 of us had reservations for 4:30pm on a Friday, since anything after that was booked until 10pm. Plan way ahead of time, this place gets crowded!AMB:The décor of the place is very modern, dimly lit, and classy. Themes of black and white dominated everything from the tables to the servers uniforms. Most of the people inside were pretty well dressed, looked important, and a bit on the hip/younger side, for what that's worth.Let me begin by saying this is definitely "modern" Italian. Do NOT expect chicken 'parm the size of Nonno's 45 vinyls, but rather an almost tapa-style menu with a variety of flavors. Regardless, Spaghetti and the classic aforementioned chicken 'parm, had a quiet little corner on the menu, for the hardcore traditionalists. PER INZIARE:We began with the Ricotta & Seminola toast, which was great! A Combination of fresh ricotta and unique marinara was a great way to start off a "brava sera." Although next time, I would like to try the Truffled garlic bread, since every review here seems to recommend it! As a cheese fanatic, I felt compelled to make my other family members indulge in the plate of four imported cheeses. This was probably the only thing we should NOT have gotten. The cheeses and jams were all interesting, but wasn't exactly $16 interesting, especially for the portion. We could have gotten some of the probably more interesting cold antipasti. But alas, the only one that stuck out was the gorgonzola, the other 2 both resembled a brie, and the pecorino wasn't as good as some of the imported parmesans I've had.  Lastly, we ordered the pepperoni "pizzette" which despite its small size, had big flavors. I wasn't quite aware pizza could be THAT classy.PORTATA PRINCIPALE:We all ordered something different and tried each others' dishes. Both cousins had a slow-roasted dish and I opted for the Short Rib Pansotti. The Herb-Roasted Chicken was decent, but like many Italian chicken dishes, was a little bland in my opinion. On the contrary though, the Sicilian Pork Arrosti with Kale and Polenta was remarkably good. The meat was savory and had a smoky flavor to it. Couple that with some old-school creamy polenta, and in my opinion, tastier-than-spinach Kale, it was impressive! I opted for the heavier-in-consistency but smaller-in-portion Short Rib Pansotti. This was definitely awesome. With an interesting Tellagio cream sauce and delicious short rib filled Pansotti, this is was the cat's pajamas of pasta and meat. We had also decided to split a side of the garlic-whipped potatoes, which were seasoned perfectly and topped with some of the bite-y 'gorg from earlier. Drinks!Cocktails all around for our crew, we aren't necessarily wino's and didn't want to dive into the olympic swimming pool of a wine list, split a bottle of something pricey, ask about pairings, etc. Traditionally, the Elmwood Manhattan was pretty strong and conventional. The Americano Cobbler appeared girly and tasted cheery. Lastly, the Pomegranate Gimlet was, by unanimous decision, the most flavorful and well-concocted of the 3 beverages. Unfortunately though, none of these really wowed me at the $11 price level.Service:Really great! Not overly attentive, and I never felt neglected in any way. Our server gave detailed responses to our questions and was very polite in every possible way. My only constructive and by no means authoritative criticism would be for her to raise her voice, especially when it gets crowded in there! Summary:RPM is awesome, I would say there are some hidden gems for the true Italian food connoisseur to try there. The atmosphere is hip and trendy, inside modern, service top notch, drink list extensive and most importantly the food was fantastic. My only qualms would be some of the portion sizes vs cost, and that probably by luck I wasn't overly impressed with any of the cocktails. But, do NOT get me wrong at all, this place was the BOMB!I will be back and do recommend!great restaraunt. super hip vibe. its definitely the place. i would ave thought i walked into a Las Vegas eatery. we had a 730 reservation and were seated within 5 minutes. quite a scene. The server promptly greeted us and offered us cocktails. The Big Eye Tuna Brushetta was excellent starter as well as the Wood- Roasted Octopus. the appetizers are small so id suggest if you are two people order two or three of them. the 20 oz bone in rib eye was cooked perfectly (medium rare). we shared a pasta special of the day. ravioli stuffed with sausage. again very good.as a side we had the roasted mushrooms - awesome. we did not try the deserts this time around. the only negative aspect was its a bit loud to have a conversation on a Thursday night. otherwise i would definitely eat here again and highly recommend itI already can't wait to come back here. Came here after we already had appetizers at Sunda, but we were all willing to loosen our belts to the next size for this place.Got the meatballs, burrata, artichokes more meatballs, the gluten free and regular carbonara, and ended with the tartufo, chocolate ice cream inside a hazelnut chocolate shell. Amazing. If you only get two things here, get the meatballs and tartufo.  Artichokes are great, and if you can't tell by the double order, the meatballs are probably the best I've ever had.  The carbonara was a bit too salty, but I think that was a fluke.Try the fried olives.  Also the Gorgonzola cheese plate was amazing.I had the spicy Alaskan Crab with squid ink it was good.The gelato was spectacular.  The wine list was good, but  not rock starA solid restaurant for Chicago but compared to Girl and the Goat last night and The Purple Pig for lunch today , not in the same league!Fun place. Italian small plates. Great for sharing. Great pastas. Big eye tuna bruschetta is awesome. Prime rib meatballs are great. Good salads - kale, Brussels sprouts. Good wine and craft beer selection.  Overall one of my favorite places.I recieved the nices email from this company about my review, Thank You, very unusal, Its nice  to know this company really does care about what you think.Amazeballs.(Ok - i had to say it)I had to make a reservation 2 months out and it was worth it for a date night with my babe.You must try the brussels sprouts salad - it's amazing. My 8 ounce filet was good but $38 for a piece of meat? Ouchy. Everything is ala carte. Mine was also cooked too rare so I sent it back. It was delicious though. Mama D's pasta was good but kind of plain.... The sides (mashed potatoes and cauliflower) were good but not outstanding.Good service - our server explained everything well (pasta dishes are small and meant to share). He was attentive without being intrusive. Some of the tables are ridiculously close to each other so prepare to get cozy, make friends and eavesdrop of other peoples convos.This would be a great "girlfriends night out" place. Maybe I'll get some friends together to come back!Every time I visit Chicago I have to pay a visit. It is pretty difficult to get a reservation but I always make mine in advance. The decor exudes sexy, cool and it feels like a LA establishment. Each time I have dined here I received stellar service and found the servers to be extremely friendly and informative. Not to mention extremely good looking. The food is great. I love the squid ink pasta and the lobster caprese is divine. The presentation is like art work. And how can I forget about the Ferrero Rocher dessert. Its a huge chocolate ball filled with goodness. This is a must order! This is a perfect restaurant. It has all the key elements for success.Managed to snag last minute reservations! Hurrah!GORGEOUS interior. Clean. Modern.Unfortunately the food was just meh. I was expecting amazing bites of Italian food but found that it was all just sort of mediocre. Although I did love the squid ink pasta! As for service our waitress never told us of specials so I just assumed that they don't offer specials..didn't really think much of it until a different waitress recited the days specials to the table next to us. =( oh well. I probably won't be stalking opentable to eat here again. But it is a great place to have a GNO.The food was decent but the service not so much.  We arrived promptly at 8:30pm for our reservation and was told by the hostess it would be a few minutes, 30 minutes later we were finally seated at our table.  A nice manager came over to our table and apologized for the wait and said she was sending over a couple of small plates on her, then she NEVER sent them!  We received our entrees (the food runner brought out the wrong item to me) and had to ask our waitress about those small plates twice before she tracked down the manager who had completely "spaced" it.  I will not be returning.I'll admit, I'm a huge fan of G&B, which is the main reason I had RPM on my list of places to visit while in Chicago. I made sure to make a reservation months in advance.We had a Sunday evening 7pm reservation, and were promptly seated despite having arrived a bit early. We were brought to the back on the restaurant, behind the bar instead of into the main dining room. It turned out to be a great spot. We were greeted quickly by our server Curtis who was absolutely amazing. His knowledge of the menu, wine list and area was fantastic. We ordered a bottle of reasonably priced wine and a few antipasto, including the huge bowl of homemade ricotta and toasted bread, served with a side of marinara. Delicious! Shortly after, the crispy ravioli arrived. They were tiny, but packed with flavor - cheese, spinach and some kind of citrus; different but very good. Then came the meatballs - they rivaled my mom's - SO GOOD! Curtis recommended that if we were planning on having a pasta dish as our main course that we start with a salad. We split Giuliana's Italian salad and soon after our pasta arrived - I got Carbonara and my boyfriend got Gnocchi. Although the portion was small, it was packed with flavor and richness and after our starters and salads, it was more than enough. When it was time for dessert, we had a tough decision but ultimately got the Tartufo - basically a huge frozen Ferrero Rocher. YUM. Curtis also brought us a sampling of their gelatos and sorbettos - on the house! Everything was fantastic. We were even able to share a joke with our server about the table of obnoxious drunk older men (and one younger woman...hmmm) that arrived in Blackhawks jerseys shortly before we finished.The service was among the best I've ever had and the food wonderful. This place makes me wish I lived in Chicago.  RPM, please come to Boston!I came here with two friends on Friday night and we had a great time! Our reservation was at 9:30. We showed up a little early and they were ready for us! I was pleasantly surprised by this because others have told me they were kept waiting even though they had reservations. Our waiter Michael greeted us and he was a joy the whole evening. Outstanding service and great recommendations. I started with the Campagna cocktail. It was delicious, strong and refreshing. A great complement to the meal and I really enjoyed it.We started with the truffle garlic bread, meatballs and lobster caprese. All were delicious. I could not put the truffle garlic bread down and was insanely impressed with the mozzarella in the caprese. It was also perfectly portioned for three people to have a taste. For our "main course" we had the cauliflower gratin, cabonara pasta and short rib pappardelle. All were just as delicious as the appetizers. The short rib melted in my mouth. The real star of this meal was the dessert though. We had the tartufo everyone raves about it and it was amazing. The crunchy outside was so rich and delicious I could not get over it. We also tried the budino and affogato float. The float was good but the budino was my favorite! The mousse was perfect and the cocoa nibs provided just the right crunch. Best dessert I've had in ages!I was wary of the hype surrounding RPM but it really impressed me. Great food and great service. The ambiance is also pretty cool. Get a reservation and try it out!I had somewhat low expectations for RPM after reading some of the Yelp reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised.  First, our server was very good.  We could tell that he was on the ball and he checked with us often without being overbearing. He also never forgot a request, despite being quite busy with other tables.  We were very pleased with the food, as well. As an aside, we go out to different restaurants twice a week, so we are not easily impressed. But we were impressed with the food at RPM.  Contrary to others' suggestions, I thought the portions were decently-sized. If you get a few appetizers, two pasta dishes should be plenty for two diners (for a main course).To start, we got a selection of meats and cheeses, which was delicious.  I then got the heirloom tomato salad. It was very flavorful and a good start to the meal.  My husband got the octopus and we both agreed that it was the best octopus preparation we had ever had.  A guy at the table next to us got the same dish and didn't finish it, and we seriously considered reaching over and snatching his plate away from him.For the main courses, I got the pork chop and my husband got the spaghetti and meatballs.  I enjoyed my pork chop, although by that point I was very full. The spaghetti and meatballs actually came with one giant meatball, which was delicious.  We were way too full to get desert, but we'll be back for sure and plan on trying it next time.Convinced by friends to come here and it was one of the worst dining experiences ever.  The food was ok, nothing outstanding or special and definitely is just hyped up pasta--driven by the celebrity of Bill & Guiliana.  it was the service that made this the worst place.  Rude hostesses at the front desk, rude waiters -- esp. the one we had who was condesending, and lazy.  We had our appetizers and they even cleared the plates and waited another HOUR and a half for pasta!!??  When we asked him how much longer, he said I'm not sure but soon and than just looked at us.  He should have been like sure, I''ll go check for you, etc.  I had to tell him to go back to the kitchen and find out exactly when.They also screwed up our drinks and he didn't even initially offer to replace and comp us, he just looked at us and was like what do you want me to do?  Are you serious?  HORRIBLE.It was pretty good food. Nice atmosphere which is expected of Giuliana and Bill. The cremini mushroom pizza was small, but super tasty. I would totally order it again.Some fried seafood appetizer with soft shell crab, fried fish, and I believe it was squid. Very tasty with your normal kind of mayonnaise based dipping sauceShort Rib Pappardelle - Very tasty with big noodles and very rich red sauce.....my fav is still at nordstrom cafeSpicy King Crab Squid Ink Pasta - This was definitely unique and pretty good tasting. Nice to have something new to the palette Fresh Ahi Tuna Special - It was good, but way too much salt on the outside. Took away from the flavors of the tuna. It needed some kind of sauce of sorts because I could have bought a slab of ahi and sliced it at home by myself.We went to RPM for a friend's birthday and so we made our reservations 8 weeks prior for a decent table on a Saturday night. Now our waiter emphasized that the antipasta and such are small portions and the entrees are bigger. Okay, I'm here to tell you the antipasta and salad are not small portions but normal. While the entrees are too big! I wish I knew because I paid more for the entree and wish I hadn't. We ordered the Brussels sprout salad, gnocchi and eggplant Parmesan. It was really good but too much cheese. We got the hazelnut forerro rocher ice cream which was good and I asked them to bring out the gelato ice cream for the bday girl. For all that it was $70. We are all students so it was expensive, so try to stick with the "smaller" plates because they are slightly cheaper.  It was nice so it was good to experience it but probably won't be back. Ps. The wait staff is nice but annoying! They asked me about 5 times if they could box up my food or if I'm finished with food. It was excessive and not appreciated.I was shocked at how much I loved the food here. I thought this would be just another overhyped hotspot, instead they pulled off an amazing menu expertly prepared. With a party of 5 we got to sample quite a bit. 600 day prosciutto was out of this world. The beets in the Burrata dish tasted as if they just came out of someone's backyard. The brussel sprout salad was delectable and a must order. The fresh pasta was amongst the best I've ever had and reminded me of the now closed Terragusto. We had the pappardelle and the tortellini. I finished with the prawns which were gigantic and grilled to perfectionWhile the space is beautiful, the ambience and service is a bit pretentious  and snooty. I could really do without the hostesses and their supermodel bitchiness. I decided not to deduct a star because our waiter Gianni who warmed up and provided authentic Italian graciousness.We came here spur of the moment.  There was seating readily available around 8pm on a Wednesday evening in their bar area.  The 2 of us shared several items - all very good.  Shaved brussel sprouts was a little disappointing.  But their stuffed squash blossoms w/ burrata & diablo sauce was TDF, a must have!  We also devoured their pasta special raviolis or something stuffed w/ mozzarella in a truffle sauce and fresh shaved truffles.  Lastly a classic, their bucatini and we added meatballs - so good!  Service was awesome too.I went in with very limited expectations, as "celebrity" restaurants aren't my thing, and my low expectations were definitely exceeded.  That said, I doubt I'll be back any time soon, as there are definitely far better Italian restaurants in Chicago.The good:- Service was very attentive and friendly- Food was a bit uneven, but generally good.  Biggest complaint is that everything was extremely, extremely rich.  Too rich, even for Italian food.- Prices are quite reasonableThe bad:- The worst thing about this place is the music choice.  Not appropriate for the atmosphere most would expect for the cuisine and the price point.  Very off putting.Dined in for a birthday dinner for two. Food and service was excellent and prompt. Decor is modern and elegant. Drinks were terrific.My experience here was SO awesome, I almost don't know where to begin! I came here with my BFF to celebrate her birthday, and to celebrate that she's expecting a baby girl! So we had lots to be happy about.We started off with the truffled garlic bread - I enjoyed it, but it didn't seem to have very much truffle flavor to it - also, there was a lot of parsley on it, which seemed to be the theme of the night, because I felt that almost everything had excess parsley - which I dislike. Regardless, the bread was still yummy, and you bet your ass we finished the entire thing.Next up was some fried olives for the pregnant chick, which I did not try because I'm not a fan of olives, but she said they were great. Then we shared some fried polenta, which was the pit of our meal - bland, tasteless, and again, overloaded with parsley. I myself have only made polenta a couple of times, and mine has more flavor than RPM's. We both had a couple of bites and decided not to waste our calories on it.After that, we shared the arancini - words cannot explain how amazing this is! I've had arancini from several different restaurants, and this blows them all away. The flavor and texture were so unique, and even though it's a fried rice ball, it wasn't heavy or too filling. The only thing we didn't like was that the order only came with one arancini, and we had to share it! Time for pasta! We debated a while on which to get, but we finally settled on Mama DePandi's bucatini pomodoro, which we added the prime beef meatballs to, and the prosciutto tortelloni. My personal favorite was the basic bucatini - you can tell that the pasta was super fresh, and was cooked perfectly. The sauce was fantastic and not too heavy - when paired with the meatballs, it was just absolute italian perfection! By far, the best version of  "spaghetti and meatballs" I've ever had at a restaurant. The tortellini was great, it was stuffed with prosciutto and mascarpone cheese and in a nice, somewhat creamy, butter rosemary sauce. It was almost too much flavor packed in one tiny dish, but still enjoyable. I went back for seconds with the bucatini and let my friend finish the tortellini.Now the best part: dessert. You MUST get the chocolate budino. I've never had anything like it. I almost can't even explain it, really all there is to say is that it's salty, caramel-ey, chocolatey goodness - and despite it's richness, it's hard to put the spoon down. I can't wait to come back and try more items! Our server was great, very professional, friendly, and quick - he helped make our experience awesome.My fav italian  spot in the city and the only octopus i will eat is here. steaks are great and great atmosphere.I had heard a lot of buzz - which gave me high expectations. It was a lovely place to have a satisfying meal. It didn't knock my socks off.The space is surprisingly huge. It is sleek and sophisticated. The thing that annoyed me was that the music was not. The music was annoying clubby music that took away from the chic decor.Our waiter was very nice and knowledgeable. He explained everything in detail. We started with the lobster caprese and the stuffed squash blossoms. The lobster caprese had a generous amount of lobster. The stuff squash blossoms were my favorite part of the meal - they were very lightly fried, stuffed with roasted tomatoes and ricotta, and served with a spicy marinara. I had the short rib pappardelle as my entree. It wasn't as rich as I expected it to be. I have a tendency to order short rib at restaurants and RPM's could use some more depth of flavor. That is me being really picky though.The dessert we had the affogato milkshake. It was a simple well done dessert.It was an enjoyable meal, excellent service, in a beautiful space. It is definitely a bit of a scene.For all the hype, this place was pretty overrated. Low points: Both the lobster in the Lobster Caprese and the Scallops were chewy. Not cooked well at all. Kale and spinach salad was meh. High point: Octopus was delicious.Portion sizes were actually  bigger than expected - it was suggested we order 5-6 items. We went for 5 and brought leftovers home. Not the worst restaurant out there, but for the price, hype, and reputation, it was a letdown.BEST MEATBALLS I'VE EVER HAD!When RPM Steak opens---I'll be even more excited. If anyone ever asked me the number one Italian Restaurant to go to- I'd pick RPM!Here's the thing:-Anything you get-You'll Love. I have tried over 50% of everything on the menu and I loved everything to it's entirety. The pasta's to appetizers. Zucchini Frites and Garlic Bread are a must--and budget and sharing friendly. -You have to make reservations way in advance and you can get lucky with bar seating.-Romantic, but also great for a girls night start out. -Excellent service and nice atmosphereAll there cocktails are fantastic! Sometimes my fiancé and I try to venture out trying new restaurants but we 'accidentally' end here because we love it so much.Love, love, loved this place! Everything we ordered was amazeballs and we all left 3-months pregnant. We got the mushroom pizza, wood roasted octopus, bucatini, and the polenta. We loved and devoured everything! The tartufo was the perfect way to end the night. Can't wait to go back!You know who I'm a huge fan of? Giuliana and Bill. I've been wanting to go to RPM for a good long while, so you can imagine how excited I was when it was my birthday dinner destination (with my four best friends by my side.) It was actually a last-minute decision, so we had to go without reservations, which clearly wasn't ideal. Definitely don't ever plan on doing that here. We had it in our minds that we could have drinks at the bar and snag a bar table because you can still order there. Let me tell you, this was not an easy task. That's why I learned to love Landon.Landon's the "door guy" who's way more than a door guy. When this place gets packed, he turns into the master of sorting out who deserves/earns a bar table. We were drinking bellinis at the bar and he came out of nowhere, asking us if we wanted a bar table. Well, yes, yes, YES we do, we told him... and a few minutes later, he literally guarded an empty table until we could make our way over to it. I think he just watches to see who has been waiting, and starts delegating who gets to sit. Luckily, it worked in our favor!I can't say enough about the service. It was certainly top-notch. Our drinks were always full, and the food came out quickly. Ohhhh, the food. Here's what I loved:-Truffle garlic bread, no explanation needed. -Fried olives stuffed with sausage and mozzarella-Zucchini fritti-Spaghetti and meatball (one GIANT meatball)-Herb risotto This was one of the best Italian meals I've had in a long time, and I loved enjoying such amazing food in such a beautiful atmosphere. This place is Trendy with a capital T, that's for sure. Five stars all around, even though after multiple attempts on Twitter, we failed to get a Giuliana Rancic retweet. Sigh.Just fabulous. Atmosphere is modern & sleek without feeling cold. ALL of the food is good, worth trying some of everything! Gluten free menu, and great wine selections. Love it!Love the restaurant lay out...love the house music at night. Nice crowd,Food-BLAH.Octopus was shamelessly over cooked. Such a waste of Octopus!! Alaskan King Crab and squid ink pasta...absolutely nothing special. My sister had the Eggplant Parmesan and thought it was tasty....but then again who has ever really had a bad one, right or right?!Meatballs were not bad...but the same goes for the Parm as it's hard to mess up meatballs.They get 2 stars for a decent Bellini and music.I came here for Sarah and I's two year anniversary.  First impressions as I walked in, was very fun, and trendy decor.  It was all kinds of crowded, even at the later hour of our reservation which was 8:30.  It was very open, which made it very loud.  I am glad we had a round booth, rather than a two top table, like so many others did.  Sarah and I were able to sit close and talk at a comfortable volume, rather than shout across the table.  There isn't much you can do for loudness in a place that has an open floor plan, so that is to be expected.  We walked here from our hotel which was a little over a half of a mile, and brought our own wine with us.  (Ferrari Carano Tresor... if you haven't tried it, DO IT!!!)  Since it was freezing cold, our wine got a bit of a chill.  When our waitress Brittany came over and introduced herself, I immediately liked her.  She had a very good aura about her, and I knew that Sarah and I were in for a treat.  She noticed that we had our bottle of wine with us, and felt that it was a bit chilly.  She offered to decant it for us, which is a first for me.  I've never been anywhere that has decanted the wine.  Maybe that is because St. Louis is a much more simple place, but damn I was impressed!So that is kind of our first impressions... now comes the fun part.  We started the evening with cocktails since we wanted our wine to decant a bit.  I got the Americano Cobbler which was very light and refreshing. (5/5)  Sarah got the Pomegranate Gimlet, which also was pretty light and had a good flavor.  I preferred my drink to hers, but both were good. (4/5).  After Brittany explained the menu, we decided to do a few of the small bites first.  We started with he Prime Beef Meatballs, and the Truffled Garlic Bread.  First, the meatballs, they were quite large, very fragrant, and smothered in a homemade marinara like sauce.  They were so delicious by themselves, but then you introduce the Truffled Garlic Bread, and your senses approached an overload of awesome.  They went together like peas and carrots!  The portions felt much larger than a traditional Tapas kind of menu, so we were ready to jump into our main entrees after finishing these items.Sarah choose the Spicy King Crab - Squid Ink Spaghetti. (4/5)  Brittany recommended asking for extra sauce to kick the flavor up a bit, so we rolled with it.  Even with the extra sauce, we didn't feel like it was Spicy at all.  It had a good flavor, just not as a strong of a flavor as we were expecting.  Still very good, but needed a bit more of a kick I think to be called spicy.I went with the 8 oz. All-Natural Filet Mignon (5/5) along with the Garlic Whipped Potatoes (3.5/5).  The filet was one of the best that I have ever had anywhere.  It was nice and thick and wonderful.  When it first came out it looked to be overdone, due to the crazy amount of searing on the outside.  It turns out that it was in fact cooked perfectly to a medium rare on the inside, and the outside was seared so well, due to their wood firing technique.  It was melt in your mouth good.  LOVED IT!  The potatoes, for me weren't anything special.  For 8 dollars, I was expecting these potatoes to knock my socks off, but sadly they stayed in place.  They weren't bad by any means, but they weren't overly flavorful or unique.For dessert, we were brought a tiny flight of Gelato's and Sorbetto's for our anniversary.  It came with Limoncello, Chocolate, Coconut, and Coffee. (5/5) All were very flavorful and great.  I only wish they were more than tiny cones and scoops.  If I had enough room and I wasn't so cold from being in Chicago in the winter I would have ordered bigger amounts.  The last part of the meal, was the dessert special (Bomboloni) (5/5) which Brittany also recommended.  They were these small square pastries, that were so light and fluffy that you could barely hold them without crushing them from your grip.  They were rolled in cinnamon and sugar I believe, and had a Nutella and a whipped cheese dipping spread.  I was unsure about these, but they were so heavenly.  After sitting for a while to digest and make enough room to finish our wine, it was time for our check.  I didn't really look at any prices, I just wanted to have a good experience, so naturally I was a bit nervous.  It came, and I was pleasantly surprised.  It was about 38 dollars under what I had budgeted for the meal.  Since Brittany was such an amazing server I went ahead and left her about a 40% tip.  I figured I had budgeted a lot more so why not give it to someone who is the master of her craft.The bottom line here, is this place lives up to the hype for sure.  You need to run, not walk to this place and have a great experience.  Just make sure you do yourself the favor of asking for Brittany when you make the reservation!Wonderful restaurant!! Being a vegetarian there are usually limited options but RPM is wonderful! The eggplant parm is amazing!RPM is to Italian Food like The Espn Zone is to Italian Food.  I really wanted to like this restaurant.  I've been 3 times since the place opened, and each visit has been worse than the last.  Most recently we arrived promptly for an 8pm reservation, but were held for over 30 minutes for a table.  There was no communication regarding the hold-up, or place for our pregnant friend to sit.  Once we were finally seated, I ordered a pretty subpar Old fashioned (this was quite disappointing, since the last couple visits I found the bar to be a high point).  Next,  we ordered some appetizers, including Prosciutto wrapped figs, and the house meatballs.  The figs were burnt, and the meatballs on par.  For dinner, my girlfriend ordered risotto (which arrived overcooked and off), our friend ordered another pasta dish (which was about as bland as buttered noodles) and I had the gnocchi (which was pretty good).  For dessert we split a ball of hazelnut gelato in a chocolate shell (very good).Throughout our meal, the service was decent.  The decor was interesting (in a good way) however the acoustics are horrible.  For the first part of our meal, not only was the crowd noise loud, but the restaurant was playing fairly indistinguishable, high bass dance music.  Needless to say, conversation was difficult (I understand that loud restaurants show life and help turnover tables, however, once you get to a certain point, it's just obnoxious). Again, I really wanted to like this place; however, based on food, service, and atmosphere alone, it simply doesn't hold up.  Pass.Place is cool and has a vibrant scene.  Wait staff is very friendly and they know their menu, that's for sure.  However, been there a few times and it just didn't do much for me and was expecting more considering all the hype.  I'll still give it another chance and hit their new steak house, once it opens.  You be the judge.It is a pretty restaurant, but that is the best thing I can say about my experience there last night. The waitress was obviously trying to push us along, and the food came very quickly. We felt rushed to get out of there so they could turn the table.The food was OK, but it is expensive for what you get. I wouldn't eat there again.Loved this place for date night with my husband. Only thing we didn't like was the lobster Caprese as an appetizer they were super chewy, the meatballs were outstanding!  everything else was amazing the service the drinks. Great time and we will be going back :)I've been wanting to try RPM ever since I first saw it while I was watching Giuliana and Bill. (yup, I have a not-so-secret love for ridic reality tv shows). So when I planned a trip to Chicago this summer, I knew I had to make it there.Believe me, before I went, I looked over the menu a bunch of times, read tons of yelp reviews, and drooled at all the pics on yelp. So, needless to say, I had pretty high expectations of this place. I went with two friends, and these high expectations were met and were even surpassed. As crazy as it sounds, I think I could easily call RPM my favorite restaurant ever. And, shocker, I'm not even too into Italian food. So you know this had to be good. First of all, the atmosphere was pretty cool. Very modern, clean, and classy. Pretty much exactly what you'd expect from G&B. Be prepared for loud music, though. But it does make you want to dance! (I saw a few people dancing in their seats that night). And for anyone with a shameful love for boy bands: don't worry, they even played One Direction while we were there. Our waiter was amazing. Super friendly and very helpful with giving recommendations and answering any questions that we had. He even sent us out some of the mini ice cream cones  , which was super sweet!For appetizers, we got both the zucchini fritti, the stuffed squash blossoms, and the meatballs. They were both SO good. We got the zucchini after it was recommended by the waiter, and it was just as good as he described. They were tempura fried but still pretty light. And the squash blossoms - amazing! Seriously, get both. We also got the meatballs after seeing all the rave reviews on here. The tomato sauce was perfect - chunky, but not too chunky, and very well-seasoned. And the meatballs - yum! For our main course, we got the agnolotti pasta with shaved truffles on top. Seriously, they bring out a bowl of truffles, and shave them on top of the pasta right in front of you. The dish was really good, and I can assure you, that there was nothing left on that plate once we were done - we downed the pasta, sauce, and truffles. For dessert we split the tarfuto, the gelato with rice pudding, and the mini ice cream cones mentioned above. Definitely get the tartufo if you like nutella or ferrero rocher chocolates; it's legit a giant, ice cream version of a ferrero rocher. You'll wish you had more than one even if you are stuffed. The gelato was also good, and I'm not even a big rice pudding person.I also got the Piccolo Rosa drink. Amazing.Easily the best meal I've had yet. Loved it and can't wait to go back! (Maybe next time I'll even catch a Giuliana and Bill sighting? Except that would mean I might have a fangirl moment. So maybe it was a good thing that I actually didn't see them...)Okay, so I have come to the conclusion that this place is PERFECT for appetizers and a drink. Do NOT come here hungry, you'll save yourself money and disappointment. Something interesting I noticed was that this is the first Italian restaurant I've been to that doesn't serve bread unless you pay for it...regardless we ordered the truffle garlic bread and it was out of this world. Three of us went, this is what we ordered:Lobster Caprese: very small for the price, would not order again. Mushroom flatbread: AWESOME. So fresh and delicious. About the size of a small flour tortilla, perfect for two-three people.Crispy raviolis: ehh, nothing special.We each ordered a pasta as a main course- don't expect to fill up on it, they are very small but very rich and delicious. We got the stuffed mushroom ravioli. SO good. Finally the last thing we ordered was dessert, we all split the doughnuts and the salted caramel mousse. I would go back JUST for the dessert. Best I've ever had.The wine was reasonably priced and was a generous serving.Overall, good experience, exceptional staff, just slightly too trendy for me!I am obsessed.  I have been to RPM on two occasions now.  The first visit my boss covered the tab, which was amazing, because my coworkers and I took advantage of sampling almost the entire menu. Literally.I cannot think of one dish I was not pleased with. I tried a bite of the following, please don't judge...600-Day Prosciutto       Lobster Caprese buffalo mozzarella, basil Fresh Homemade Ricotta semolina toast       Truffled Garlic Bread Shredded Brussels Sprouts Giuliana's Italian Salad Prime Beef MeatballsMama Depandi's Bucatini Pomodoro basilSpicy King Crab squid ink spaghettiGet it all. Take lots of friends, but only those who like to share! Highlights: Shredded Brussels Sprout salad, Mama Depandi's pomodoro, & add a meatball. Worst part: trying to get a reservation after 5:30p, but before 11p more than a month in advance.Awesome wait staff. Delicious food! For appetizers, we got the zucchini fritti and the stuffed squash blossoms. Both were extremely tasty, particularly the blossoms.Dinner, we got the special. It was a agnolotti-type of pasta with shaved truffles on top. I'm a sucker for truffles and this was really really yummy.Dessert, we split the tarfuto and the gelato with rice pudding. Again, both were solid. The waiter was even nice enough to bring out some little ice cream cones for us.I had the Ten Eighty Eight to drink. Very tasty! Really just a solid meal all around.Fun music too - made me feel like dancing.I had the most wonderful experience dining here. Extremely welcoming staff that went above & beyond to make my birthday beyond special. The white fig & crispy ravioli appetizers were a party in my mouth! I'm still drooling over my salmon entree! Thank you to Mallory, Jordan & Kelly!I was excited to try out RPM Italian since I am such a fan of all LEYE places. Overall it was a very bittersweet experience. The service was a little bit clunky, my date and I were greeted twice by two different servers and our table was not ready until about 20 mins after our reservation. We got a round of appetizers, of which I thought the lobster caprese was clearly the best. The beef carpaccio was nice, although the beef was a little bit on the dry side and along with the dried mushrooms really dried out the palate. I was just as torn by the main courses. We got several different pastas and two entrees. The Pasta Carbonara was spot on, one of the best dishes of the night. The signature RPM Ravioli were pretty good, but the Spicy Squid Ink Pasta with Crab was pretty bland and needed quite a bit of salt, not much crab either. The entrees were a little bit of a let down, especially the swordfish which I was really looking forward to (as well as the most expensive item ordered). The fish was overcooked and dry, and the plating was pretty bad, just a hunk of fish on large plate with a spoonful of tapenade off to the side. Not worth the money. The roasted chicken was much better. The chicken itself was very tender, juicy and flavorful and the roasted Hen of the Woods mushrooms were insanely good. The polenta was delicious as were the roasted potatoes, only there were only a few bites of each that I was left wanting much more. The desert was delicious- flaky, fried pastries with two very delicious dipping sauces. Although there were several great dishes there were just as many that left something to be desired. The atmosphere was very fun and trendy. I enjoyed my meal here but I would be wary of going back, or at least I would steer clear of a couple of dishes. Worth a shot but caution on some of the pricier menu items.I have never had a craving for meatballs, until now. I thought RPM would be all hype with mediocre food, but I was wrong. With my first bite, you could tell they put thought into their dishes. The prime beef meatballs were the best. Who knew something at simple as spaghetti and meatballs could be so delicious. The spaghetti was thicker than I'm used to, but it worked well with the dish. Their wine list was exceptionally. There was quite a bit to choose from. It was a bit dark in the place, but it gave that sophisticated look. I really enjoyed this place and look forward to going back soon.Oh my! I love my Mama DePandi and now I know why everyone loves her cooking. A group of us went for an early birthday dinner so we split a ton of apps and got our own pasta dish. Here is what I can tell you.Provolone-Stuffed Peppers and the Fried Olives are amazing! So delicious.The fresh homemade Ricotta, Semolina Toast was so amazing and more than enough for the table to share.The Shredded Brussels Sprouts with Avocado was also enough for us to share through the table.Pastas were a single portion and we tried the Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro with an addition of a meatball, Ricotta Ravioli, Prosciutto Tortelloni and the Short Rib Pappardelle. I can't say what was the best but they were all very well presented and were the perfect amount.The atmosphere is beautiful and the staff was friendly and accomodating. I will surely be back again when I'm visiting Chicago. Grazie mille Mama DePandi and the Rancic's!The food here was fantastic. We got several dishes to try lots of different things. Nothing was even remotely gross! The strawberry drink I had was fabulous!!!!The atmosphere is super cute and chic and our waitress was attentive, friendly, but not obnoxious. She even comped our desserts because we were celebrating my college graduation. One negative, desserts weren't blowing my mind. But for free, I loved them! PS: RPM, get a dif valet service. They are horrible and are the reason I have not been back.It was my first time in Chicago and I was dying to try this restaurant because I love Giuliana and Bill!  I made my reservation on Open Table and told them we were coming to celebrate my boyfriend's law school graduation and RPM really made us feel special!!Not only was the food amazing but they brought us complementary glasses of champagne and dessert to celebrate.We ordered the meatballs, Giuliana's Italian Salad, the lobster ravioli, and the prosciutto tortellini and all of it was so good.  I recommend this fun, trendy, delicious restaurant to anyone visiting Chicago!!And it was fun to see Bill standing at the host stand :)Despite the fact that I wasn't terribly excited to try RPM Italian for the first time last summer (the celebrity thing was a turnoff plus it debuted to a fair amount of criticism), this River North hot spot has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in all of Chicago.  The interior is chic and the crowd attractive like many establishments in the vicinity but the food is what brings me back again and again.The shredded brussels sprouts salad with avocado provides a terrific balance of crunchy and creamy with a little kick on the back end for good measure.  Each savory bite of the roasted mushrooms (side dish) has a noticeably distinct flavor and the leftover sauce is perfect for dipping your truffle garlic bread.  And limiting yourself to just one pasta dish would not be advised as they are unquestionably the highlight of the menu (I never want my spicy king crab with squid ink spaghetti to end!).Make reservations well in advance for your family, your gal pals, your significant other, or even for a business meeting.  This place is suitable for all kinds of guests and is understandably in very high demand.  In a city with infinite dining options, RPM is a standout.I wanted to hate this place. Driving by regularly on my way home, crowds routinely (every night) hover outside this place. Trendy women and men dressed to the nines hover outside rain or shine. I was expecting sleek, slightly snobby business with the whole experience not mirroring the hype. I was completely wrong. Everything was fantastic. We celebrated my birthday almost a week early at a 5:30pm dinner on a Wednesday. Reservations at top hours are hard to find unless you plan weeks in advance.  First thing I noticed upon entering the restaurant was the server's uniforms. Why anyone would feel trendy wearing a short white polyester coat (my forced uniform for the time being) is beyond me. Through my skewed view I hated it.  Speaking to others about the uniform, I'm in the minority. Apparently, it looks cool. I am still not convinced. Maybe I will be when I move onto a long coat.  Enough of my rambling, onto the dining experience. My party of four was placed at a table in the back. The noise level was just right. Able to have conversation. My dad was happy.   As for food- All melt-in-your-mouth, dream about, out of this world amazeballs.  Fried Olives- I hate olives. Green and black. But these olives I like. a lot.  Slow-roasted Herb Roasted Chicken- tender, juicy chicken.  Truffle rissoto- a special. Should be a staple on the menu. Make it a staple! Id be around weekly if it was! So good!  Bill's Chocolate Budino- Perfect combo of sweet and salty. Tartufo- For hazelnut lovers, this is a must! And the cherry on top was the sneaky Shirlock Holmes of a waiter we had. After our entrees, he brought out mini ice cream cones with a lit candle. I blew out the candles and immediately my mom remarked, "How'd he know it was your birthday? We never told him." I knew I had not left any special requests on the OpenTable reservation. We could not figure it out and had to ask him how he knew. He stated when checking my ID he noticed it was almost my birthday. Well, cheers to you astute server!I am such a Giuliana and Bill fan, that of course when I was in town, I had to try RPM! And this place did not disappoint! The service and food were fantastically prompt, friendly and good-looking. (We happened to meet the foxy Jake Gyllenhaal-eque server, Alex, featured on the show.) We went with the recommended truffle garlic bread, meatballs, kale and spinach salad, and Mama Dipandi's pomodoro to split. While the plates appear small, it was very filling! I went with the ten eighty eight (a bourbon lemon drink) and it was delightfully refreshing. I am not normally a bourbon drinker, but this was a very well-made balanced drink. And even though we were stuffed, we decided to split a dessert. Bill's chocolate budino was rich and smooth, just like him ;) Bill-- open one here in LA. You know Giuliana wants one here, too!RPM is a solid 3-3 1/2 star bar and restaurant.  The reviews that give RPM a 5 star are completely off.  This happens often, especially in the midwest when it comes to Italian food.  All along folks go to the Olive Garden, they enjoy a couple rounds and appetizers at RPM, and BAM 5 stars.    At the same time, its not fair to give RPM a one star rating.RPM is a swanky place to be seen type of bar.  Best way to describe RPM is a cool bar/lounge with pretty good food.  The service is attentive, the food delivery is timely, and overall the food is pretty good.  Yes, the bill is pricey; but you are at trendy downtown Chicago spot, its to be expected.RPM is great for some after work drinks and food, a tourist or visitor on business looking for a sample of the Chicago scene etc.  Locals will not appreciate RPM and I dont blame them.RPM is fun, but in no way memorable or worth visiting a second time.The food and service at this place is outstanding! Could not ask for more!I made a dinner reservation for 4 on a Tuesday night two weeks in advance. I was just visiting Chicago and knew about this restaurant from the show Giuliana & Bill. Giuliana is the host of E News & her husband, Bill, is one of the partners of this restaurant. We were running a little late so I called to informed them. When we got to the restaurant, it was packed! They told us to hang out at the bar and our table will be ready in about 15-20 mins since they're running behind. We did not get seated for about 45 mins later, but because of that, they gave us each a glass of champagne & two free appetizers. During our dinner, one of my drunk friend accidentally knocked over his glass of wine and broke it on the floor and all over our table. Our waitress was super nice and brought out some tide to help him clean up the stain. Another lady, whom I believe to be the manager, came out and offered to bring out two new food dishes for us. However, we did not accept it since we were already super full at this point. While my girlfriend was helping my guy friend clean the wine stain, she accidentally shot the tide spray bottle into our waitress' eye. It was one of the most entertaining thing of the night (not so much for our waitress.) She was so nice about it though and even agreed to taking a pic with us. Guiliana & Bill, you guys did an awesome job with hiring the staff! The foods were delicious. The portions were kind of small but it is meant to be shared. Mama DiPandi's pasta is so good & the salad...yummmms!Very pleased with our lunch here on Sunday.  We started w/a pizzette which was fine.  I moved on to Guiliana's Italian Salad.  This was really good.  Perfectly dressed and lots of goodies besides lettuce in it.  The tomatoes they used were perfect.My entrée was the morel mushroom pasta.  Exquisite.  Morels are the beluga caviar of shrooms and these were just excellent.  I used to hunt for morels each spring w/my mom and Great Aunt.  We'd clean them and saute in a little garlic butter and PIG out!  I haven't eaten these delicacies in a restaurant ever and have not had them for 20 years.  The preparation was very simple w/linguini in a light alfredo sauce w/fresh peas and the mushrooms.  I'm still thinking about this dish days later.  I've only seen morels on a restaurant menu two other times in the past - they are rare little things.Service was great and the space is very elegant but comfy - not stuffy.It was good, not great. Dessert was the best part. Can find better Italian, cheaper in the city.OK. I was obviously drawn to this spot because of it's owners....E!'s Giuliana Rancic and husband Bill because I'm into celeb hot spots (even living in NYC I still think it's cool).RPM definitely has that trendy vibe going, though I am truly not a fan of the wait staffs' white tuxedo jackets, so dated (even if trying to be ironic) and borderline tacky. The decor is a bit modern for my taste as well, black and white just feels cold. But onto the important and amazing stuff...the meal!We had the special appetizer which was a lobster bruschetta as well as the brussel sprout salad to start, both very good. The salad was a bit soggy though. For an entree I had the Short Rib Pappardelle and it was insanely good and really filling for such a small portion, I even had to take some home. It probably didn't help that I also had the cauliflower-fontina gratin on the side, which was soo rich and delicious. Both tasted just as good if not better at home the next day.The food will certainly bring me back.Also-I really loved how the wine list was set up, it was super accessible, I've never seen such a descriptive/user friendly menu of wine.Fan of G&B reality show so had to try the restaurant since we were in Chicago.  Small portions. Food good.  We had halibut  and Mama D's short rib w/homemade pasta.  Since Chicago is a foodie town, would want to try another restaurant if I come back.RPM was a great experience from the food quality, service, and that extra touch that made us feel very.  We decided to take a tour of the menu, choosing the not so great Imported Burrata, then the prime beef meatballs which were exceptional.  Next we had the charred pepperoni and pizzette.  Another great dish.  The two best dishes we shared were the short rib pappardelle and the sea scallops.  I say 4 for 5 is a good record.  Dessert Tartufo is a MUST!!!!.  All in all a great meal.  I know it's the it spot but the food comes really close to matching the hip factor.Considering I made a reservation to eat here well over three months in advance to get an 8pm Saturday reservation, this restaurant had A LOT to live up to... and it did. From the atmosphere, to the service, to the food, EVERYTHING was 5 stars.Since it was just my boyfriend and I, we were sat tightly in between two smaller groups of people. I would generally complain about this type of thing, but honestly, with the amount of people in this place, that's just how it is. It was my choice to go to a trendy, crowded restaurant on a Saturday night in downtown Chicago, after all! :)The food was amazing. I LOVED the fact that it was LIGHT and NOT SALTY as many, many "gourmet" food places love to pack on the butter, oil and salt to make it taste "better." We definitely over-ordered as we got scared about the "small plates." The plates aren't that small considering it's pasta which is more filling. Between two people (okay we are serious pigs) we got 1 app, 1 salad, 2 pasta dishes and a 20 oz steak along with a bottle of wine. :D We absolutely LOVED Mama DePandi's red sauce pasta dish. If you can't make a good red sauce, you shouldn't call yourself Italian!And then Mama DePandi walked through the door herself! Typical Saturday night at RPM.Oh and as you know I have a ZILLION food allergies and it makes going out to eat miserable sometimes. Our server (Lindsey I think?) was just so accommodating, I can't wait to come back!I had been to RPM about a year and a half ago, and even then was pretty underwhelmed. Below is my experience, and needless to say it would take a lot for me to go back.My mom, sister, and I went to celebrate my birthday on a Thursday night at 6:30pm. The restaurant was definitely crowded, but nothing that I had not seen at a place such as Gibson's for example. While the waitor started off well, the night definitely ended on a sour note. Our food was sub par at best. None of the dishes were memorable. Also, the waitor did not come up and check on us once to see if we were enjoying the meal or if we needed a refill on drinks. For a place that is supposed to be one of the best in the city it left a bad taste in my mouth. To top the meal off, our waitor threw our check in our face and didn't even ask if we were done. If you are interested in these types of meals but would like better service and food my recommendation is Eduardo's Inoteca on Dearborn and Division.Great restaurant.  The berrata with peaches was amazing. I highly recommend it. I went in a Wednesday and it was packed.  Fun young lively crowd.Eh, waaaaaaaay overhyped.  If you are a local, try one of the billion other Italian restaurants this city offer. I thought the food was mediocre. Nothing really made me want to come back again (I've been on two seperate occasions). If you want to go because it's trendy & partly owned by some celebs,and want to see what the fuss is about, I don't blame you. But don't go into it expecting it to be the best meal of your life.5:30pm Saturday reservation 2 weeks in advance...thank you Easter Sunday!!I'm so relieved to enjoy a quality dinner at a celebrity restaurant. Our food was fantastic. We stuck to the small dishes and enjoyed a filling meal.Probably the best grilled octopus we've ever had. Pastas were fantastic: Mama DePandi's Bucatini was simple but oohhhh-sooo-satisfying...and a must-have at only $10! Lamb agnolotti was smaller but also delicious- tender pasta, tender filling, and perfect amount of sauce.Roasted mushrooms with nary a button in site! I think ours had trumpet, chanterelle, and another wild mushroom - not over done, cooked just enough to retain unique consistency.Dessert: Bill's Chocolate Budino should be illegal - the first bite is so indulgent; you need to grab onto something to contain the overwhelming deliciousness. Just when you think you can't possibly eat the whole dessert, you discover the lighter chocolate mousse on the inside and continue indulging. We asked for a side of pistachio gelato...and got like 4 scoops of it! - definetely need to clarify "side"...but this was the best pistachio in ice cream/gelato/etc. form I've ever had (and it's not my typical flavor choice) - tasted like real pistachios.Very knowledgable and friendly service: our waiter brought me a cocktail that perfectly fit my likes and dislikes. He also gave us a sample of one of the Amaros to get an idea of their flavor range.Finally, the music...it's like our favorite Pandora station set to dance/electronic at just the right sound level. Perfect for the "smart-casual" vibe of the restaurant.....and all this is available till 2am on weekends...thank you Bill & Giuliana.:) After I had an ok experience here, RPM's customer service manager reached out to me and invited me back to give the restaurant a second shot. So glad I did! I came back here a month ago with two of my close friends and had a great experience. The food we ordered was amazing! From the fish and prawns to the salads and pastas we were happy and fat by the end. But it didn't stop there...Bruce the manager made sure he topped off our night with a few of RPMs delectable desserts. I don't know if I was drunk or in food coma heaven when I left but needless to say RPM won me over! I must say being in sales the customer service here is a step above the rest in this town. Also RPM is a great place to take current or prospective clients no matter what your industry. The atmosphere has a great energy and like I said before, the service is AMAZING!I want to give RPM a higher review since I'm supposed to like it and have been wanting to try it for awhile. I made a reservation in November for a February birthday for 8 people. The week before the reservation a friend was visiting from out of town (making the group 9 people) and after several phone calls and emails, I had no luck in getting a 9th person added to our group as it's just not allowed. So, my visitng friend couldn't come to dinner with us.Onto dinner- we had an 8 pm reservation and were seated finally about 8:35 since the previous party hadn't left our table. The staff was not apologetic and definitely were not too concerned about the delay.Our server was great. I forget her name, but they are lucky to have her. The food we had was all good as well, we had 2 orders of appetizer bread and 5 pastas to share among 8 people. They have the smallest portions of food I have ever seen from an Italian restaurant! Overall it was just fine, but I have a hard time knowing that a small business or some family owned Italian restaurant would have gladly accomodated our larger group, done what they could to make us happy after a wait, and still had great food. So I'd go somewhere else next time.We dined at RPM Italian last evening with our family (which included two children).  My daughter and son-in-law are total foodies and have wanted to go there since it opened so we made reservations weeks in advance and went.  We arrived on time for our reservation but they seemed a bit thrown off when we requested a high chair so it took a few minutes for them to seat us.  They placed us at a lovely round table in the center of the dining room with plenty of elbow room.  Unlike previous reviewers, we loved the ambiance and didn't feel crowded at all.  It took about 15 minutes for our server to check in with us - in fact we called over the manager to ask if we had one since we hadn't seen anyone since we sat down.  He apologized and from that point on, our service was extremely prompt.  He also sent over a few appetizers to compensate for the long wait which was much appreciated.   We ordered several bottles of wine, which they keep chilled for you (not on the table) and I commented that the second my glass reached a certain level, our server was there to refill it - like he had been watching for that precise moment!I would describe the menu as traditional Italian with a contemporary flair - a wonderful assortment of pizzettes, salads, steaks, pastas and fish.  We started with Provolone Stuffed Peppers, Arancini, Lobster Caprese, Garlic Bread and Zucchini Fritti (paper thin and covered in a light, crispy batter-my absolute favorite).  The portions were ample and appropriate for sharing around the table.  The menu is structured so you can order individual entrees or an entire tasting meal and we did alittle of both.  We ordered two of the pastas for sharing (the Rigatoni Nona and the Bucatini Pomodoro with an order of Meatballs) and then the Halibut special, Eggplant Parmigiana and Spicy King Crab with Black Ink Spaghetti for entrees.  Everything was delicious.  I thought the prices were a tad steep considering the portion sizes and the fact that everything is ala carte but comparable for downtown Chicago.  The wine list had a good assortment of labels that covered a wide range of price points.  We ended this wonderful dinner with several desserts, Rice Pudding Gelato, Bill''s Chocolate Budino and Black Mission Figs with Mascarpone.  We enjoyed them all but agreed the Gelato was the best by far!While we didn't see Bill or Giuliana, we did end the evening with a celebrity sighting - one of the stars of The Real Housewives of New Jersey and her husband were dining at the table next to us.  Overall, it was a wonderful experience that I would recommend to my friends.I celebrated my 6 year anniversary this past sunday with my fiancé. The service is impeccable, but I've had better food at Olive Garden for a lot less.Sorry I know this was harsh and it's probably my harshest review but its true.Went here on a Sunday it was packed as usual, but seated right away. I don't know why people say its hard to get a reservation. I called 3 hours before we went there. We got there around 7 for dinner.The ambiance is great.. Service was just ok, my first visit was better.We started with the Garlic Bread very strong but soft and warm. The Guanliana's salad is the best salad I've ever had, a little spicy.My cousin had the Swordfish it was good but small and a $8 side of mushrooms that were also good but not for eight dollars.I had the Mama Depandi's pasta it's just ok sauce is very boring bland. I also had the Prawns ($29) my favorite item on the menu. My dessert was excellent I had the Rice Pudding Gelato it was huge! I couldn't finish it. There Latte was surprising good . The damage ended up being $129 plus the $27 tip.  Going here again for Easter Brunch. This is a place everyone should go to once but there's so many better places to go to in Chicago.LOVED RPM! Was initially drawn here because of my love for Giuliana & Bill. After trying to get a reservation online for a while which was a fail I called and had a reservation for the next day!The atmosphere is fun. Super modern. Everything was black and white.  Got there on time had a super short wait to be seated. Started off with a few appetizers and my favorite had to be the Gorgonzola & apple salad YUM! I haven't stopped thinking about it. Also had the meatballs which were delish. We got the charred pepperoni pizza which was good but probably wouldn't order again. For my meal I ordered mama DePandis famous bucatini.  It was yum but I will probably switch up next time. Depending on what your order the prices really weren't bad especially for most appetizers. I for sure will be back.There aren't enough stars on here to rank RPM!!!  For starters, be sure to make a reservation because they go fast!!!  On a Tuesday night three times were open for reservations and they went pretty darn fast within minutes of seeing the times.  Luckily we got in for 7:30.  As a definite plus, we were running a bit late and weren't sure if we'd make the exact time so I made sure to call ahead and they were very receptive and willing to hold our table for 15 minutes and if we arrived later they'd find a way to work us in.  Arriving just in time it only took a few minutes for the table to be cleared and we were promptly seated...AWESOME!  The interior is very trendy and modern which made the atmosphere great!  Alex G took care of us on our first trip to RPM and was absolutely perfect!  He guided us around the menu, offered great suggestions from the menu along with current house specials for the night and was nothing short of spectacular!!!  He also helped match a good wine to go with my dinner.  I highly suggest trying a drink from their signature cocktails menu; I had the Ten Eighty Eight and it was rather delicious and my girlfriend had the Sure Foot which she enjoyed as well.Appetizer was the Truffled Garlic Bread and boy did this taste good which was a great start to dinner.  For dinner I tried the Carbonara and she tried the Short Rib Pappardelle and we shared the grilled asparagus parmesan...again, all three were phenomenal!!!  The dishes weren't a large entree-sized helping but rather a medium-sized portion perfect for an Italian style dinner leaving room for another course or dessert.Doing some pre-game research I thought for sure the Tartufo (hazelnut gelato with a chocolate shell) would be the hands down winner, but Alex again threw out some specials and we couldn't pass up the Bomboloni.  The way he put it was perfect: "imagine if a donut and a beignet had a baby, but with some Nutella in the middle and some creamy mascarpone cheese on the side".  So we went with the "Nutella babies" and I topped it all off with a cappuccino.  Again, another home run on both the dessert and cappuccino!!!Definitely plan on return visits here!!!HIGH FIVE BILL & GIULIANA!!!My friends and I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. We made our reservations 2 months ago. They are THAT popular that this was the earliest reservation date we got for a party of four for a Saturday evening. I recommend valet parking if you are driving - this area is hard to find parking. Valet parking is $12. When we got there, we were seated pretty quickly. This is how reservations should work - you reserve, you get seated..you don't wait several more minutes to be seated for your reservation. I love the atmosphere. Very hip and trendy. Great music playing (pretty loudly) so you have people talking loudly. It definitely sets a good and fun vibe. Our waitress was very nice and informative - she was detailed in explaining each of their specials. My friends and I ordered 3 types of pasta - their special mushroom fettucini pasta, short rib pappardelle, and Mama Pomodorro. I enjoyed all three! Our main entree were the herb chicken which was pretty tasty and the special Jon Dory sea bass. The sea bass serves for 2. Both entree were good. We ended the night with a tiramisu which was ok. I'm not a big fan of dessert but I did enjoy the coffee flavored gelato that came with the tiramisu.We stayed a little while after our check was placed on the table. We chatted and all. We didn't feel obligated to leave for a long while which is nice because we got to enjoy the atmosphere some more. I definitely would come back next time. Prices are above average - the four of us with our 2 entrees and 3 pasta sides came out to be $185 without tip.Folks, I don't get what the big deal is.  There are no "who's who" people here so it can't be that.  The food is way over priced and quantity is small so it can't be that.  This place is an absolute farce.  When we were done with "so called" dinner we had to go get something to eat.  This was no treat, not exciting, over priced, underwhelming.  Just doesn't cut it.  It was like small plates at high prices.   $15.00 for Lobster ravioli which consisted of about 5 bites.  $7.00 for bread? With so many fabulous restaurants in Chicago, who needs RPM.I was very impressed with RPM Italian. We had a 9:15 reservation on a Saturday night, and this place was packed! The decor is beautiful. Our server was very attentive and informative about the menu. The food was excellent. Our table of 6 shared the zucchini fritti, ricotta and toast, short rib pappardelle, and the scallops-- all were excellent. The aricchini and the squid ink pasta were decent, but wouldnt order those again. They brought out mini gelato cones with a candle for my friend's birthday, which was a nice touch. The wine list was great too. All in all, it was a great dining experience and I would definitely recommend this place.Dined at RPM recently for the 2nd time and the experience and food were just as phenomenal as the first time.We enjoyed the lobster buffalo caprese appetizer, which is delicious. I don't know how RPM makes their pesto, but it is absolutely delicious and the lobster was fresh and just melts in your mouth.All of the plates at RPM are small plates, but don't let this fool you! The food is so rich that you will be shocked that you are so full during your entree course and may have to take home leftovers! (Side note: The pasta is just as good leftover! ) I enjoyed the prosciutto wrapped scallops which were so good that I think I tried to cut my last scallop into about 8 pieces to continue enjoying the flavor. I pulled the prosciutto off and didn't eat it, but it gave the 3 large scallops the perfect accent flavor! I could have done without the weird lima beans on top, however those were easy to avoid. Dessert is a MUST! We ordered the tartufo and Bills Chocolate Budino. The tartufo is a creamy hazelnut ice cream, that is reminiscent of Nutella, coated in a crispy chocolate shell. The Budino is literally a bowl filled with a carmel with a pudding like consistency, topped with salt and chocolate chips. IT IS SO GOOD! So rich that after 3 spoonfuls your tastebuds are on overload but you keep going back for more. They also give you these cute, classy dessert spoons that are extra long which make reaching across the table for more bites even easier!I also ordered the Friulano white wine, which I had never heard of before. When I asked the waitress she said the flavor was like a, "Crisp mountain stream." I had to hold back laughter at her description, but ordered it and loved it! It was very light and went perfectly with the rich dinner. Overall, a must go! You will need to make reservations and be prepared for a packed restaurant if you go during prime dining hours, but it is very much worth it!Three of us girls came here to celebrate my moms birthday, the atmosphere was fun and memorable!We started with the meatballs and truffle garlic bread. Both tasty and a perfect portion for this tapas setting. Next we moved on to the pasta, we had the short rib pasta, Guiliana's moms recipe pasta, and the pancetta and mascarpone cheese stuffed pasta. My favorite was the short rib, it was an amazing mixture of flavors! I can't remember the desserts we tried but we were disappointed by bills budino dessert. Minus one star because our server (whilecharming and informative) was very slow and not very attentive.Solid meal, but I wasn't blown away.We ate at 4 p.m. on a Sunday because it's the only time we could get a reservation. There was no one there when we got there, and when we left at 5:30 it was still mostly empty. Maybe they're trying to say this place is more exclusive than it really is. Just kinda bothered me.They tell you that the dishes are small and are meant for sharing. My dining partner and I got four dishes to start: truffled garlic bread (ok), prosciutto-wrapped figs (good, but teeny tiny and we should've passed), fried polenta (yum) and stuffed squash blossoms (so so good). Then we each got a pasta dish (the special with morel mushrooms and peas for me and Mama DiPandi's pomodoro for my partner) and the cauliflower gratin (yuuuummm). We both thought they were great. For dessert, we had the budino and the rice pudding gelato. Both were out of this world. Our bill was $96. We got all that and didn't get cocktails. I thought that was a pretty good price and a good value for how much we ate. We left totally stuffed. Like, I need to lay down and think about my life choices, stuffed. I liked this place and would come back. The restaurant is really pretty and the waiters are all in white dinner jackets. But I feel like it's trying to be cooler than it is.Food was amazing, Drinks were delicious and staff was ALL amazing. I wish I lived in Chicago, this place would be our first choice.  I expected a bit more from their specialty fish but we still devoured it.Great place for people watching and great food.  Our party had the octopus, prosciutto, brussels sprouts, eggplant parm, and steak.   It was all very good.  Great service too.Hight recommend.Amazing! Went here for my boyfriend's birthday. Make sure you ask for a booth as the center tables are a bit close together. Food was delicious. I would highly recommend the truffle bread, lobster ravioli, and veal parm!Overall, this place is average from a food standpoint.  There are several places that have better Italian cuisines within walking distance.  The scene, however, is ultra intense.  Celine bags, Magiela footwear, loud progressive music, and beautiful people all around.  I have been here for drinks a few times, but dinner only once.  I will stick to have a cocktail or two here while in the neighborhood, but will allocate my funds to other places for dinner.It's a place to be seen more so than a place to eat.This place is solid, but I didn't love it as much as I thought I would. This review is based on two separate visits. It's mainly small plates style with a few larger entrees. 1. Ambiance: Crowded and loud. That being said, it's really trendy and a fun spot to go out with girlfriends. I would not recommend it for a date though. 2. Food: There are some small plates that are excellent, and then many that are just fine. Nothing was bad, but I think that there are many places in the city with much better food. The small plates that were really good were the mushroom pizza and the lemon ricotta spread. I got the branzino for two the second time I was there as my larger entree. It was some of the worst fish I've ever had, and it was definitely not large enough for two people. It was clearly a portion for one and priced above $50. So, overall, this is one of many places in River North. I would not go out of my way to go here, but I would try it at least once with a group of friends when you're just wanting to graze on small plates and don't mind yelling.I have a problem with Lettuce Entertain You restaurants, you could taste the chain food mentality in the food. I hate chain restaurants especially ones that open in Chicago, with the variety of amazing food I'm shocked how these places survive. But this one I get it, it's also owned by celebs Guilana and Bill Rancic - and those two I love dearly (but I don't really know them). I will say I got sucked into checking this places out since I'm a fan of the couple, their show and Mama DePandi and how can you not be. But if were talkin' food then yeah I've had better Italian that this. The appetizers were great and would probably go back for that and some drinks but unfortunately if I want authentic Italian I'd rather go a little further south to Taylor street and eat local there.Getting a reservation for a decent time can be tricky so plan ahead if you are celebrating a special occasion. Once you have your reservation made hold onto it tightly because you don't want to miss out on the RPM Italian experience!!The staff, decor, and food are all pretty prim, posh & modern for an Italian restaurant.  The ambiance has a cool vibe with some good beats playing. I love it!  The servings are pretty 'small' compared to other typical American-Italian restaurants.. this is a great excuse to make sure you try some of their apps.  My favorite is the provolone stuffed peppers! I've tried several of their pasta dishes and they are very flavorful.  Even if you feel full to the brim make sure you save a little room for dessert.  RPM is a great place to visit because it is upbeat enough for a group, and yet it's intimate enough for a date.I came here on a Sunday with a reservation, there was no wait.  The service was really awesome.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  It is relatively affordable if you don't order the meats at the bottom of the page.  It seems like a fun place to go with a big group where everyone can try a little something from the menu.  It's a very family share style place.Everything we ordered was outstanding: the garlic bread, salad, prime meatballs, and marinara pasta. I would order everything again. The desserts were good as well. I loved the Tartufo, which was like a giant frozen Ferrero Rocher.  Can't wait to come here again!Came on a Friday night for restaurant week with some girlfriends.  We had 10pm reservations and the restaurant was very busy.  We ordered drinks and studied the menu.  We decided to not do the restaurant week prix fixe and I am glad we did as it would have been way too much food.  We started with the truffle garlic bread, which was amazing...order it!  We also got the pepperoni pizzette which was nice and spicy.  The duck agnolotti was amazing as was the tuna tar tar.  We also tried to be healthy with broccolini which was cooked perfectly.  We ended with Bill's chocolate dessert, which was very sweet, but I still made sure we finished it.  My friend and I also tried a coffee with liqueur and it was gross (I also don't like the taste of alcohol)...we left most of it at the table.I was surprised at how affordable it actually was, especially for the hype and how good the food was.  This will definitely be on the list of recommendations for when the family visits or a girls night out.I've come here many times since it has opened and am never disappointed. I always make reservations and never have to wait; have eaten at the bar and in the dining areas and service was excellent. The ambiance isn't what you would expect for Italian small plates, it's kind of loungy with club music softly playing, but no complaints. I really liked the meatballs, pasta dishes, and cocktail menu. Prices are reasonable and portions are decent. I always recommend to friends when they are visiting.This place is mostly hype and not worth the price tag. The hostesses were very rude. However, our waitress was very helpful and friendly, so that almost made us forget about the bad hostesses. Almost. The dishes were small, even for a tapas style restaurant. There is more flavor and character at an old hole in the wall Italian place. I plan to never be back considering the endless options in the area. The only reason to go is to know what everyone else is talking about.Mostly I give this place 5 stars because of the impeccable service.  The waiter was so clearly knowledgable about everything on the menu, and even with all of my high-maintenance dietary restrictions, he didn't bat an eye.  Gluten-free?  No problem.  Dairy-free?  Absolutely!I ordered Dipandi's pasta, and it was delicious.  YUM!  I also ordered the brussels sprout and avocado salad to start.  YUM!  Both were made so that I could eat them.  I really appreciated that.  The ambience was upbeat and lively!  Even at 9pm on a Thursday the place was packed.  We did not have trouble getting seated right away (with a reservation), and that was another thing I appreciated.  It was a little loud, but not so loud I couldn't hear my friend talk.Great experience!  I will go back!I had a wonderful meal at RPM. We asked the server for a wine recommendation and he came back with a baby amarone, it was affordable and amazing.  We started with the selection of meats, and they were fresh and delicious.  We then split four different pastas, all made with gluten free pasta.   The carbonera and ragu were both amazing.    It was one of the best gluten free pastas I've had, and didn't miss the traditional thing.    We also ordered the broccoli, which was also delicious.The only reason for the 4 vs the 5 starts was the service. While our server was nice, it was very slow in the beginning.   When we sat down, both tables next to us were eating their entrees.   They finished, closed out, re sat the tables and the tables next to us got their wine before we did!  And we ordered it a long time before.   That lead to them getting their food before, which is frustrating when you wait over twenty minutes before ordering.    On the way out, I asked the hostesses if I could make a reservation for three weeks out. They laughed at the idea of something being open on a Saturday night so close.   It shouldn't hurt to ask!The gluten free was good enough for me to go back, but I hope the service was a fluke.I really love this place, it is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. RPM is trendy, there is good music playing in the background, the servers are friendly and the food is tasty! My husband and I took our parents out to dinner this past Saturday and even though it was pouring rain outside, we had a fun time. My parents drove all the way from the suburbs which is sometimes a challenge to get them to do, but when I told them we were taking them to RPM, they were game!What we ordered:Truffle garlic bread. This is always a must for us. The truffle isn't overpowering and even though it's bread, it's pretty light. If you have a piece or two, you won't fill up.Fried calamari. They changed this it seems. It's still good, but I prefer the old batter. Also there use to be more mixed in vegetables, now it's mostly calamari, shrimp, lemon (which is surprisingly really good battered and fried) and red peppers with cheese).The special of the evening, pasta with morel mushrooms. It's too bad that morel mushrooms are only in season for a short time, the pasta was good. Morels didn't taste like mushrooms, very meaty and the pasta it was served with came with a light sauce. If they have this available, I highly suggest getting it! We loved it so much, we ordered 2!Roasted chicken. This was a first for us. The roasted chicken was tender, juicy and had a lot of flavor to it.Prawns. So good! I wish there were more than 4 pieces on the plate. Pomodoro + meatballs. I do not like meatballs, but the meatballs here are so good! They aren't dry, they aren't huge, good size and goes well with the pomodoro.Lobster ravioli, one of my favorites here along with the risotto, but they took the risotto that I loved off the menu. I think they change the risotto and gnocchi up depending on the season.For our sides we ordered the asparagus and broccolini.Tiramisu was a special for the evening. I hope they make this a regular dessert. The cake was moist and came with coffee gelato. Our server, Erin was terrific!! She was attentive, gave good suggestions and always had a smile on her face even though she was waiting on a number of tables. I cannot wait to make another reservation at RPM. So it's a little hard to get a table at times, but it is well worth the wait!Everything from service, wine and food, to coffee and desserts were excellent! The staff were very attentive & very friendly and that was no easy task for a party of 13! We were at the restaurant for hours, tried everything and the excellent quality of the food and service was the same throughout. We tired different appetizers, all different entrees, wines, coffee and dessert! They were all exquisite. I highly recommend RPM, only next time I think I would like to enjoy it only as a quiet party of 2. Cheers!After being unable to get a reservation that wasn't months away, we decided to stop by and get a table at the bar around 8pm on a Thursday evening. While the high tops aren't quite as chic as the booths in the restaurant, the bar still had great ambiance and wasn't overly loud, as many are.The decor and atmosphere are definitely the best thing about RPM. When you walk in, you feel like you are somewhere you want to be. The service was mixed. The waiter who ultimately took care of us was attentive and knowledgeable. The first guy who came over, who turned out not to be our waiter, told us we needed way more food than we did, almost like he was trying to sell us more food. We ultimately shared a garlic bread and a Caesar salad and then my husband had the filet and broccolini while I had the burratta cheese ravioli. As it was, we didn't finish everything. Rave reviews for the bread, steak and broccolini. I love burrata but the pasta and sauce were super-boring and the wedge Caesar was soupy with dressing. The cocktails looked great but the wines by the glass are a little limited.Overall, a very positive experience though not sure we'll be racing back as it's so hard to get a reservation. I would definitely go back for a glass of prosecco and people watching;-)Had to, just had to....One star, I know...but I will explain...Downtown Chicago, you name it, I've probably been there, literally.. So I am only pitting this against other upscale restaurants, with that said, dominos stuffed cheese bread puts this place to shame, Bahaha!!Carbonara-underdone spaghetti noodles with some bacon and too much pepper. Raw egg, that was supposed to wow me??Short rib-underdone wide noodles with some hormel tasting beef chunks.Squid ink pasta w/ king crab-black undercooked noodles with a teaspoon of poorly spiced crab.Mamma depandis noodles-some noodles with pretty bland red sauce..Polenta-a poached egg with some grits...Truffle garlic bread- ummmm, some garlic toast, not really very good garlic toast at that.One beer, one coke, no dessert, before tip=$100 Bill&Guliana laughing all the way to the bank for a meal that cost them $15 to make= PRICELESS!PRIVATE PARTY REVIEWA friend recommended RPM as she was a fan of Bill and Giuliana Rancic's show (they're partners in this Lettuce Entertain You Enterprise restaurant).  I guess I came in with low expectations because being a celebrity doesn't necessarily equate to knowing good food.  However, I was presently surprised by the overall experience.  The food was consistently good and the service was on point.  Our dinner was done family style so it was a great value with tons of food and the items incorporated the a nice theatrical flair which the Lettuce Entertain You Enterprise seems to be know for.Case in point we started out with the GUILIANA'S ITALIAN SALAD yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… in the antipasti went to the MAMA DEPANDI'S BUCATINI POMODORO yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… (a dish inspired by Guiliana's mother) and ended with BILL'S CHOCOLATE BUDINO yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… .  This is really good but then again, I'm a sucker for things made with salted caramel and cocoa nibs.Other highlights included the GNOCCHI al FORNO yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… and  the PAREMSAN POTATOES yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-….  Overall the food is pretty simple but just executed very well.Another example is the housemade pastas.   Pretty basic flavors and presentation which helped to make the fresh pasta the star.  My favorite was probably the STROZZAPRETI yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… (the flavor of the porcini mushrooms is quite robust) although the Mama DePandi's Pomodora is equally as good.The main courses were probably the weakest point  but that may have just been the items we ordered.  All the dishes were decent they just didn't pop.  For instance the ATLANTIC SWORDFISH was well done but just very standard yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… .  The EGGPLANT PARMESAN was quite good yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-…  I did enjoy the idea of placing crispy polenta below the HERB-ROASTED CHICKEN yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… but if you didn't get to it quickly it became soggy from the chicken juices.The BAKED CANNOLI's yelp.com/biz_photos/rpm-… are quite good as well.  The cream is light and fluffy and the orange accents it nicely.  The baked shell is crisp and thin.Overall a great meal and a decent value for a large group.  I'd be willing to come back to try other options but I hear getting reservations at this place takes months.Where does one go for a snazzy nightcap while strolling around the Mag Mile area?  I guess here.Soooo the crowd gets a little, erm, interesting about midnight.  But really, what bar doesn't??  My glasses of prosecco were really tasty.  Like they be poppin' fresh bottles (I watched).   At this time of night, the last thing I wanted was food, so this review will have to be updated accordingly.  Until then, I will just drool over everyones food reviews.I will start off my review by saying RPM is not for everyone.  If you want a big meal for a cheap price, this isn't the place to go.  You have to come here with the intention to shell out some money to get the best experience. That being said, this is easily my favorite restaurant in chicago! I try to come here once every couple of months, more frequently if I'm lucky enough to get a decent reservation.  There is usually a little wait once you get to the restaurant but twice when I've gone and there has been a delay, the manager has sent out a couple appetizers to our table for free! Such great service.  The managers also liek to come around and see how your dinner is going which I always love to see them actually caring. The waiters know the menu and always have the best recommendations.Now onto the food. WOW, honestly everything I've tried here has been divine.  I never ate pork before coming here, and I split the salumis with my friends and ate more than half.  The salads are all of a decent size and price.  Scallops are probably one of my favorite dishes and they simply make the best.  I have also ordered the short rib pansotti which were remarkable.  Onto dessert.  Yes, I always make room for dessert at RPM.  If you don't, youre missing out.  The tartufo is delicious if you love hazelnut/nutella like flavor.  The rice pudding ice cream is also a lighter option.  But, my friends, you MUST get the budino! I love salt, I love caramel, and I love chocolate, and this dessert is unlike anything i've ever ate.  It is a thick caramel custard-pudding thing sprinkled on top with these chocolate balls and salt flakes.  I promise you that it is so delicious and rich that you will dream about it.  And if you have any extra left over, I'll be glad to come help you finish.On average, with a bottle of wine, I spend about $90-100 a person when I come here and every time I come back home and schedule my next reservation.I came into town and was lucky enough to score a some-what last minute reservation at RPM. I got a Monday evening reservation with a friend and the place was packed! I was somewhat surprised to see every table filled on a Monday evening. You can tell this is the place to 'see and be seen' in Chicago right now. The atmosphere is great, very modern & vibrant. I love that its a bustling spot that you can actually carry a conversation on in. I.e. the music isn't on insanely loud & walls don't seem to echo every ones conversation. Great place to have dinner with a lot of friends, a few friends or date because you'll be able to hear everything everyone is saying without having to shout over the tables or pretend you hear your friend at the other end. As I've noted in reviews past, its pretty tough for Italian restaurants to impress me. As an Italian, nothing beats home cooking. While RPM was not Mamma's or Nonna's cooking it was definitely a great bite to eat. What I really love about RPM is the price point - incredibly reasonable! I was shocked when I saw the prices on the menu (in a good way!). Small plates for $5-6, pasta entree's for $12-19 and of course, higher end steaks and fish, if that strikes your fancy. My friend and I split a couple of plates, below is what we had with reviews in tow:Provolone Stuff Peppers: Meh. Nothing to write home about. The kick from the pepper paired with the cheese was an interesting mediley. Very light and fresh, but feel free to skip it unless you are a pepper-lover. Prosciutto Wrapped Figs: In the word of Mrs. Rancic herself AMAZEBALLS. Holy, moly these things were SO good. You must order them! There were five or six on the plate and both my friend and I wished there were five more once we polished the plate off. Note - this next dish was created by yours truly so if you want to try this great mix-up you'll have to ask specifically for it. I ordered the truffled garlic bread because I'd heard great things from other reviews, however, I couldn't not try their "home made riccotta" so I ordered the bread w/ a side of ricotta. DE-LICIOUS. I am a ricotta lover, I grew up on fresh ricotta from local farms in Italy. While the RPM ricotta doesn't really compare to the stuff in Italia it did hit the spot. Highly recommend this mash-up if you're looking to try the yummy bread & ricotta. Be sure to credit me though... jk. Pasta Dish 1 - Short Rib Pappardelle. It was good, not great, but good. The amount of short rib in the dish was a little disappointing but the dish was good. I recommend it if you're looking for a classic italian dish w/ a twist. Pasta Dish 2 - Prosciutto Tortelloni. It was good.. keep in mind there are only 5 tortelloni in the dish so if you're looking to share you'll only get a small piece of the actual dish. Thats the one down side, but I guess you get what you pay for.I usually come here with a small group of friends and we all split a few plates. I have yet to find one I don't like.TRY: zucchini fritti, the italian salad, and the charred pepperoni pizzette.I was very excited to try RPM. Make reservations way in advance!-Atmosphere is great. Everyone looks done up & glam.-Service is very attentive- Food is eh...--Bread & Ricotta cheese was good.--Truffled Garlic bread was good.--Polenta & Poached egg didn't have much taste.--Brussels Spout Salad was okay, did not at all taste like brussel sprouts.--Spicy King Crab seemed overrated, I could barely taste the squid and the average tomato sauce overpowered the noodles & squid--Short Rib Pappardelle was okay, nothing special or memorable.--Tartufo was SO good! The best thing i ate here! This is a must get!! Tasted like an ice cream version of a Ferrero Rocher.I would probably only come back only for dessert & to be seen.I love me some reality tv and adore Guiliana and Bill so I had to try their new restaurant when I happened to be staying in the River North area on a mini-vacation in Chicago. We visited in the summer for some cocktails and apps before our night out on the town. The cocktails were a refreshing treat after traveling that morning. Perfect summer cocktail as I settled into my weekend vacay = the peach Bellini. We needed a snack to tide us over so we snatched up the bartender who was keeping busy behind the bar refilling the freshly cut fruit and mixers before the dinner rush. We wanted to go outside our comfort zone and ordered a few things we've never tried before:-Chicken Liver Pâté - I'm admitting this is not my thing. I couldn't get over the thought that I was eating my cat's food. The crispy crustini was piled high. The texture threw me, but that's my own issue, not necessarily that the dish was lacking. At least I can say I tried it.-Arancini - amazing! Like fried balls of carby, cheesy heaven. Although I would have loved a smidge more sauce for dipping.-Gnocchi al Forno - also a perfect small bite to share and the pairing of sage and Gorgonzola needs to be replicated in my own kitchen since I don't have the luxury of flying to Chicago whenever I crave these flavors.All in all it was a great happy hour local and I recommend it if you're in the neighborhood. Cool atmosphere, big space, but you'll probably need reservations as it was booked for the night when we stopped in.My husband and I made it in for dinner for our anniversary.  Absolutely amazing!! To star things off we had the pepperoni pizza which was very good.  For entrees, I had the carbonara spaghetti Andy husband had the short rib pappardelle, both were exquisite.  The wine that we had which was the ca'donini Pinot Grigio was also cheap and delicious.  Overall, this is unquestionably my favorite Italian restaurant in Chicago.  I can't wait to go back!!I'd come to expect a place conceived on celebritism to exude a mere "meh" due to its overly hyped following. However after our dinner, I am proud to become an RPM convert!Luckily we made resos because for a weekday dinner, the dining area was PACKED! The place reminded me of a classy lounge: soft yellow lights, servers gliding around in white blazers, and beautiful people everywhere in sight. We both got a glass of wine and chatted away with some small bites. BurrataLobster CapreseBrussel Sprout SaladYou can't go wrong with a honey-cheese, or lobster-cheese combo, especially when it's burrata. This girl goes crazy for this creamier than thou deliciousness. When it's drizzled in honey, paired with beets and pistachios... slathered on nicely toasted bread.... FOODGASM, people!  I was a little wary at first about our pick of salad since brussel sprouts have an inherent bitterness. I was glad we ordered it because it was dressed nicely with the avocado.  The only letdown of the night was our pick of pasta. The spaghetti in our carbonara was undercooked, although the sauce was on point. We probably should've just stuck with Mama DiPandi.For dessert, we got the highly yelpfied hazelnut tartuffo. It was a baseball sized ice cream ferrero rocher. Admittedly, my teeth have the sensitivity of a middle-aged-bordering-elderly lady, so the first couple of bites were indulgently masochistic: painfully-teeth-clenching yet oh-so-delicious. Between me and my dinner companion, it was gone within a minute.RPM delivered. I'd come to expect italian places to feed you twice your girth, but the portions were enough for two gals. Whether it's a date to impress or a dressy girls' night, don't pass on RPM!We made last-minute resos at RPM for a belated anniversary dinner, and the only one left was at 11pm. We didn't mind it, but unless you want to eat at dinner like Argentines or Spaniards, plan better than us, my friends.Well, good luck on trying to decide what to order at RPM! Everything on the menu sounds (and probably is) incredible. Because we wanted to same a little of this and that, we ordered the imported burrata, prime beef meatballs, shredded brussels sprout salad, Maine lobster ravioli and the morel mushroom pasta. Everything was amazing, but prime beef meatballs and morel mushroom pasta were the standouts. Hyperbole warning: The morel mushroom may be the best pasta I've ever put in my mouth (and I've been to Italy). Even with a bottle of red wine and dessert, the final bill was actually much more affordable than we'd expected. The ambiance and clientele were a bit too scene-y for my taste, but it's a gorgeous, fun, dimly lit restaurant with a hip soundtrack. Overall, get yourself here. Now.This was my second time eating at RPM and it just doesn't get any better then this! I have to give a huge shout out to the staff, they are fantastic! When I cut into my fish it was completely raw. The waitress came over took it immediately and brought me a whole new piece of fish. They also didn't charge us for the fish and gave us a complimentary dessert. I didn't even complain! I was in such a great mood, my husband and I have not had a date night in a while so nothing was getting me down. How they handled the situation was fantastic and exactly how it should be handled.When I go to RPM I always want one of everything on the menu and that is because this place does not disappoint. I love the small plates they have at the start of the menu. They are perfect for sharing. We started with the Smoked Salmon Crostini, Lobster Caprese and the Truffled Garlic Bread. The salmon and Caprese salad where perfect for 2 people sharing. The Truffled bread was a little larger so that lasted us the whole meal which was perfect. We then split a pasta, the Potato Gnocchi. This is one of my favorite meals. I am a huge Gnocchi fan. This is perfect for sharing or for an entree on it's own. What I really like about RPM is their portions aren't huge. They are just the perfect size. After the pasta I had the Wiled Striped Bass which, after it was cooked, was really good! I am not a huge fish fan, I usually eat more red meat, but I wanted to try something different. There wasn't a piece left on my plate. My husband had the Scallops which were good too. All the entrees are ala carte so we did not order a side dish, it would have been too much for us. For dessert we had the donuts which were a special item. I highly recommend them if you still have room by this time! They are freshly made and melt in your mouth. I have to agree with some of the other reviews that say they pack you in and you are close to the table next to you. For some reason though this doesn't bother me. We were just so focused on what we were doing that we didn't even notice who was sitting next to us. Plus it is kind of loud so I didn't even hear what the other tables were talking about. Overall it was fantastic and I can't wait to go back!!I should have wrote this a while back when I first dined there but the fact that it's still one of my most positive, memorable dining experiences I think I can do this review justice. Initially I was expecting to be disappointed. Horrible I know but it's the truth. I figured it would just be another trendy restaurant where the who's who hangs out and makes a big deal out of it but that the food would be sub par or average at best. I was very wary about a trendy Italian spot in the River North area. The moment I walked in I was pleased. I just loved the atmosphere and decor. The bar area is wide open and welcoming and the dining room is very posh and chic. My friend and I were lead to our table and seated next to a couple of guys dining out which was nice because we ended up making chit chat and sharing our opinions of cocktails and food we each ordered and ended up mutually upselling for the waiter. What first impressed me beyond the interior was the service. It was top-notch and I can easily say that it was some of the best dining service I have ever experienced. Not only was our server incredibly personable and on point all night but even the food runner, water guy, manager.... everyone was just great and so on top of their game. I've never seen such great team work. Every employee was working and helping one another.And I must say I truly enjoyed the food. We had:One of the Pizettes which my friend and I both loved. It was tasty and cooked just right. The crust was perfectly crispy. It's small but for a little started it's fine (comes with 4 small pieces). Polenta w/ Truffle & Poached Egg - I believe anything with truffle is tasty and this was definitely tasty. Not my favorite dish but enjoyable.Gnocchi w/ Gorgonzola & Sage - This was so delicious.  I love gnocchi and this was by far the largest pieces of gnocchi I've seen. The gorgonzola and sage were great compliments to one another.Pesto Pasta - This was good but not great. I enjoyed but definitely not the best pesto I've had. My friend really enjoyed it though.Pasta Carbonera - This isn't really my kind of dish but my friend really wanted it and we were sharing everything. Again I thought it was good but not great. My friend really liked it.Eggplant Parmesan - This was probably my favorite dish. It was so delicious and tasty. And I thought it was a perfect portion. I would come back and order just this and maybe a cocktail and appetizer and be happy.Parmesan Potatoes - We ordered these thanks to our new dining buddies next to us. They had them and they looked delicious and when we inquired they suggested we order them , too. So we did. And they were good. Very tasty and I could see myself ordering them again.Billy's Chocolate Budino (delectable chocolate mousse w/ heavenly salted caramel & cocoa nibs) - Our server really enjoyed serving us as did our table runner so they decided to surprise us with this special gratis dessert. Great surprise. And very tasty. This dessert is very unique and not something you see on other menus. I'd recommend trying it. I'd also recommend the gelato sampler which our table neighbors ordered and judging by their clean plate after I'd say it's worth a go plus it looked delicious and that's what I probably would have ordered had we not be surprised with a free sweet treat. So I say splurge and order both.Overall great experience and I would definitely return.Fig Leaf CocktailLoved it! I was really excited to come to this restaurant as I have read amazing reviews. They did not disappoint. Came here Friday night, res was @ 10:30pm. This was booked a month in advance, so if you plan on going BOOK ASAP!We sat in the lounge area beside the dj booth, it was loud but not too loud that you couldn't speak to each other. The place was packed!We ordered the shredded brussels sprouts with avocado salad $11, fritto misto $12, imported burrata antipasto $12 to start.I had Giuliana's salad without meat $11, roasted mushrooms $8 my fiance had the classic spaghetti and meatballs $18. For dessert we had the baked cannoli $8 (chocolate and orange) SO GOOD! Overall, the food was great, perfect portion sizes, everything tasted really good! Also the prices are very reasonable!Def will come back on my next visit to Chicago.I took my wife and a couple of our friends with their little child for christmas eve dinner last week, and the experience was up to par as our expectation of the place, though my wife and her friend might even give this place an extra star since Bill Ransic walked past us by the host stand, and they were star-struck for a bit...women!!!So..here's what i liked about the place:1) They took our reservation at 12pm for a 7pm dinner on christmas eve, which is a busy day.so that impressed me..even more impresive was the fact they allow our friends' kid in AND tried to seat us soon as possible since the little one was starting to get cranky,,,Kudos!!2) This one is for my wife..Bill Ransic himself was on premise to oversee the business and Giuliana's dad stood by our table to oversaw the dining room. We didn't ask to take any pictures, and I didn't really recognize them,but apparently they are big reality stars these days.3) This is not just some gimmick restaurant owned by celebrities. The food was actually pretty good..we ordered 4 of their pastas, and they were great; ordered the branzino and veal oso bucco, and they were delightful..the appetizers were probably the least impressive of the night (we ordered meatballs and mushcroom pizzete) but they were still ok..and our dessert (Tartuffo) was a nice cap to the night..and the wine prices were not too overtly ridiculous. I know we ordered a lot of foods (I was gasping for air on the walk back to our hotel), but we wanted to try everything, and to my pleasant surprise, my bank account didn't take as big of a hit as I initially thought...so,count us as fans and we will definitely be back the next time we are in town!!!I am a Giuliana and Bill Rancic fan and ever since they opened this place I always wanted to try. If I had to summarize RPM in one word it would be Spectacular!!! It still doesn't justify the amazing experience I had. Ambiance is modern and young looking. We went there for my husband's birthday. Ordered Zucchini Fritti, truffle garlic bread, Mam de pandisbucatini promodoro, ricotta ravioli and smoke eggplant agnolotti.I have no words to describe the truffle garlic bread, it just melts magically in your mouth. Zucchinni Fritti is also exceptionally amazing dish. All the plates look small but they are really filling. The server was very knowledgeable and she made sure that every course was brought once the previous course was completed. And Yes ...I am definitely visiting RPM again!!!I envision my dream gastrolounge to look very similar to RPM, but much, much smaller. This is one of the sexiest restaurants I've ever been to, and it certainly caters to hip food-lovers who won't allow their palates to be muddied by generic Italian-American garbage. If you don't like EDM or don't even know what EDM stands for, you may not appreciate the trance and house playlist here; as a dance music junkie I adored the music. I also adored every mouthful and sip that I took during my dinner. Cicchetti, or small bites, were almost Lilliputian, even tinier than what you'd be served at a cocktail party, but they were delicious. Arancini stuffed with prosciutto cotto and Fontina popped with flavor, but even better were crisp little crostini topped with an ethereal chicken liver mousse, a wisp of pancetta, and aged balsamic vinegar. Although truffled garlic bread needed more truffle, it certainly beat regular ol' bread. I haven't been to Spiaggia yet, but RPM puts out some of the best house-made pasta I've had the pleasure of eating thus far. Strozzapreti clung tight to a delightful porcini pesto that bursted with savory woodsiness. Smoked ricotta added a sensuous layer of depth to a bowlful of cavatelli swathed in a luscious veal ragù. Luxurious tortelloni stuffed with prosciutto and herbed mascarpone were like the Marilyn Monroe of pasta.The sensible portions allowed for something sweet (yay!), and we couldn't go wrong with the tartufo, a crunchy chocolate shell enveloping exemplary hazelnut gelato.My Negroni Sbagliato - Carpano Antica, Campari, and prosecco - had the perfect balance of sweet, bitter, and bubbly, so I ordered another one to go along with dessert. I swear, thinking about that meal still makes me food-high.Seriously?  It is 4:00 on a Wednesday during restaurant week and our party of 5 has now shrunk to 2, leaving my friend and me with some serious ability to change our plans.  A quick search on Opentable and, like a pheonix out of the ashes, a 7 PM ressie at RPM appears on my screen.  WHAT?!?! After over a year of trying to get a decent time and table at this place, It was fate.We had everything that was recommended by our waiter (and nothing on the Restaurant week menu).  It was all UNBELIEVEABLE--Try  any of these, you won't regret it!-Carpaccio-Short Rib Parpadelle-Giuliana's Salad-Smoked Ricotta Cavatelli-Wood Roasted Octopusand Tartufo.I now know why Giuliana is so skinny... Because she doesn't eat and judging by the portions offered at her restaurant she doesn't think you should either! The food is decent but the portions are absolutely unacceptably small. Go to Rosebud or Tuscany if you want upscale Italian fare that will fill your belly. If you want homestyle Italian, go to Tufanos. If you want affordable and good, go to Maggianos. If you want cheap and good, go to Pompei or Pasta Bowl. I provide these options to point out that in a city overrun with delicious Italian restaurant options to fit all budgets, overpriced and underserved isn't going to cut it.UPDATE: RPM is lucky to have such a standout manager in Zach. He is a true asset to RPM and the reason why I increased my review by a star. Kudos Zach!There's no denying that this place is happening and the energy of the place is quite contagious!  Walking in, you will be welcomed by a beautiful atmosphere with simple yet modern decor; elegant without being overly ornate or complicated.  While the concept is small plates, I felt that the serving size was just right; generous enough that 2 people can be satisfied with 4 plates - with at least one being a pasta to share. We carefully reviewed the menu and decided on the burrata which was lovely with a touch of honey and superb with beets.  The Brussels sprout salad had an inventive combination of ingredients but with the Brussels sprouts being raw, was a dish that I found to be too aggressive.  The sea bass crudo was delicate and might have been better with more taste to it.  The frito misto had an interesting addition with lemon but I thought the batter was too oily.  We settled on the spicy crab pasta which was made with squid ink spaghetti - absolutely delicious!  For dessert, the Tartuffo was nearly as good as the one served by Tre Scalini in Rome and was a nice way to end a beautiful meal.  I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!RPM is fun. Fun. Not the best Italian restaurant in Chicago and quite expensive fun but definitely fun. The restaurant has a very trendy and chic lounge-like atmosphere with stylish decor and funky dance music. We were at RPM on sort of an off-time (late afternoon on a weekday) but I assume that the restaurant gets pretty crowded later on, especially with all the hype that it's gotten. I was told that I would have difficultly getting a reservation but encountered no problems at all.The thing you need to know when going to RPM is that the portions are pretty small and expensive for their size. I would recommend getting a couple dishes and sharing them with others. Some of them are okay and others are pretty delicious, I personally really liked Mama Depandi's bucatini pomodoro and the shredded brussel sprouts (the latter being pretty decently sized compared to the other plates). Our server was attentive, friendly and quite knowledgeable about the menu, even though it was apparently only his 3rd day and the food arrived rather promptly.I'd say go to RPM for the trendy atmosphere and to see what the hype is about all about but don't expect to have a full stomach or wallet by the end of the night.RPM is not bad. I believe that you are going to like it more if...-you want to be seen more than you want to eat-you are a girl -you know who Rancics are-someone else is paying for the meal.Not bad food. Salads are excellent. Pizzettes are average. Ravioli lobster was below average. Eggplant dish was above average. Tortuffo was excellent !Portion size is pretty decent for an average Chicagoan. If you are looking to come in with your stretch pants and chow down, you will find portions too small.Staff was excellent and attentive. Decor and ambiance are classy and cool.Overall, this is a good restaurant for the vibe and experience and average for food. As long as you know what you are paying for, you will not be surprised when you get the check.If you are like me and can never resist any ahi tuna on the menu, DO NOT ORDER the ahi tuna salad or any app with ahi tuna for that matter. It was just not fresh and had a rubbery texture, disgusting. I would have returned it  if not for my tipsy okay maybe intoxicated friend who kept picking at the dish for the arugula. The rest of my group had the lobster ravioli, some pasta, and mushroom risotto. They cleared their plates so I assume the dishes were good or my gfs were just starving.  Atmosphere is posh, love the wok-like lighting fixtures, and great loc if you want to coax your friends to go to Underground afterwards on a weekday night. They take reservations (at least on a thursday evening) and even honored it when we were an hour late (sigh girls).A RPM haiku for you:Trendy, bumpin', chicA place to see and be seenBest carbonara!Ok, carbonara took up too many syllables, so I will add that overall, the food was wonderful!  Everything was so fresh and had such balanced flavors.  Each pasta dish is a "light" serving, so it's 4-6oz and can be devoured by one (as I did and later had a food baby) or shared to get a taste.  Carbonara was mixed tableside, though I would have liked to burst that egg yolk by myself.  The pizettes are like flatbread appetizers; I had no trouble polishing off the mushroom one on my own.  It was maybe 4" in diameter.  The salumi plate had a nice variety, but was not as exciting as the roasted mushroom and brussels sprouts sides.  Delish!I have more to say, so here's a 2nd haiku.Fantastic service Booked table 3 months advanceYes, it was worth it.Our server was Michael and he was great in going over the menu with us, suggesting good dishes and wine pairings. I got the squid in king crab spaghetti and the eggplant parmesan and both were superb!!! For dessert I had the tartufo which was life changing :-) RPM lived up to the hype and we certainly asked some celebrity scoop and Michael delivered that as well :-) I didn't expect much because I knew it was a "celebrity" restaurant, but it was right next door to our hotel so we gave it a shot, and I'm so glad that I did. Amazing food, service, and experience.I went to RPM with some girlfriends and had a great time.  We shared the shredded brussels sprouts and the meatballs, and then each had a pasta (I had the short rib pappardelle).  All the food was good -- I particularly liked my pasta.One thing I want to mention is the service here.  Our reservation was for 7:30 and when we arrived on time, our table wasn't ready.  No big deal - they told us they would text us when it was ready, and that it should be shortly.  We waited and waited, and even asked once whether there was any news, without much luck.  However, at 8:05 when we made our second trip to the host table to ask about our table, the host looked horrified and said they had texted and were so sorry.  I don't know what happened with the text (we didn't get it), but I can say that they completely made it up to us with their service.  Beyond just apologizing, they quickly lead us to a great table and then gave our whole party glasses of champagne.  I very much appreciated the customer-first attitude.Overall worth the 3 month wait to get a reservation at a decent time.  We got a 7:30pm reservation on a Thursday and didn't have to wait at all.  The restaurant is really trendy and loud, but I think they did a good job with the design.The food was outstanding.  The shrimp/calamari tempura was one of the best appetizers I've ever had.  Really light and tastly with the dipping sauce.  I also got the peppers with provalone, which were ok.  I don't really like anything pickled and didn't realize that's how they were prepared.  My main course was absolutely amazing.  I recently developed a gluten intolerance, so while I can cheat a little (hence the tempura) I really can't have anything with a lot of wheat/flour without feeling crappy.  I've had gluten free pasta at other italian restuarants and its always average at best.  RPM's gluten-free pasta (fettuccine) was maybe the best pasta I've ever had.  They substituted it into their Short-Rib dish, and I've been craving it again all day.So great restaurant, but exceptional gluten free pasta.  Only 4 stars though because the service was a little off (a little slow and the waiter just came off really snobby and uniterested).I've never been here, but the service I got when I called to make a reservation was horrible. The man who answered was very rude and snobby. I immediately canceled my reservation..i can just imagine how the rest of the hosts are.I came for dinner with two girlfriends on a Friday night around 8.  To be honest, I had heard mixed reviews, but I was going into this with an open mind... but I was severely disappointed.The food was ok as far as Italian fair (the ricotta cheese with bread was pretty fab), but there are much better Italian places in the city... Even worse, the atmosphere was so lacking that we could not wait to get out of there.  Now don't get me wrong, we were three non-curmudgeony 20 somethings who enjoy having fun, but it was so loud that we had to give up talking to each other. Overall, totally not worth it.We went here for father's day brunch and had a noon reservation and seated in an area of the restaurant near the bathrooms with other families with kids. Service was slow - we were comped some food because of the delay.  Once the food finally arrived, I would describe it overall as average Italian.  I can find more authentic food at a number of places in Chicago and elsewhere.My complaint - and I will preface by saying that I know that they are not catering to families but a more social evening "exclusive" crowd so this might not pertain to everyone.  Especially since Guiliana and Bill are now parents, I was surprised to not find a changing table for my baby in the bathroom.  I assume not too many families with children are here but it would seem that this restaurant should have something for moms with babies to change them in the bathroom - put it in the handicap stall as that is where it usually is in other nice restaurants. The floors in the bathroom were also sticky and the bathroom could have smelled much fresher overall since we were there right at noon when the restaurant opened and should have been clean.Would I go back?  Probably not without a gift card to give a discount for the bill.So I've have been to RPM twice in the last 10 days. Each time we had a reservation, and then waited over 25 minutes past our reservation to be seated. If we wanted to wait for a table, we could walk into an Outback on a Friday night. During our first visit, even though we had a reservation, our party of 3 was squeezed onto a tiny high top table in the middle of a main walkway from the kitchen, so we were constantly being jostled throughout our meal. We tried a variety of dishes, but everything in general was rather bland. The Bill's Budino for dessert was very good and a strong recommend.For our second visit, again we waited over 25 minutes past our reservation for our table, I asked the hostess for the GM's business card and we were then seated shortly. A manager came over and apologized and offered some complimentary starters which was nice, but poor management and overbooking seem to be standard here. Our group of 5 squeezed into a booth, it was tight, but not uncomfortable and ordered a variety of starters again. The second time around the food was better, the semolina toast with ricotta, dipandi pasta and scallops were all great. I would have written an email to the GM, but my brother's fiance got Bill Rancic to stop at our table to talk and take a picture with us (he was very nice and asked about everyone in our group, so of the ladies were speechless). He even sent over 2 of those delicious Budinos for dessert!Food was delicious and service was great. There was an extremely long weight (and this was on a random wednesday night) so try to make a reservation if you can.Went to RMP January 1st to start the new year off right!  We got there early to check the place out from the bar.  First thing I noticed was the mix of people, love that about this restaurant.  RPM is classy without feeling pretentious so while attire is listed as "dressy" I wouldn't say we dressed up more than usual (he: plaid collared shirt, jeans, nice shoes I: jeans, boots, lace top).  You certainly can dress up, but don't HAVE to.  Food: We ordered the crispy raviolis, gnocchi alla Romana, handmade cavatelli, main lobster ravioli, and tartufo for dessert - everything was delicious and fresh.  Would order it all again.  Portions were solid as I enjoy not feeling the need to loosen my belt after a meal.  If you do,  you may want to get a few small plates or antipasti (or dessert!) in addition to your meal.Our waiter, Nick, makes me wish I could give this place 6 stars!!  Excellent service, everyone we encountered from check-in to paying the bill was kind and armed with a smile.  We will be back!An amazing experience from the valet parking to stepping out of the restaurant. Beautiful interiors, very classy yet contemporary with a sophisticated crowd. The lobster ravioli is to die for, however some appetizers were lacking in taste. We didn't like the dessert and our server didn't charge us for it. Customer service is superb and friendly. It's definitely worth visiting when in Chicago and I hope to be visiting some other restaurants by the same people.For months, we had to keep changing our reservation (plus it books up fast). Then finally on a Sunday in December we made it. This place transported me from the blustery Chicago winter to the sunny West Coast. The clean lines, black and white interior complimented with metallic accents (champagne, gold, etc), and upbeat club/lounge-y music was so not "Midwestern." Everything about this place screamed LA- which was cool in my book.My Mom, sister, and I went here after meandering throughout the city window shopping during the holiday hustle and bustle. We took our time perusing the menu. The one thing to note about RPM is that it is a far cry from your "typical Italian fare." Think tasting sized plates / tapas meant to be shared. While I felt this was a nice way to order a lot of different things...my appetite was enormous. We ordered a bottle of wine to share amongst the table and started off with the polenta with poached egg, Parmesan and fresh black truffles. PS Black truffles were a specialty that we definitely took advantage of on this trip. The polenta was warm, creamy with an oozy egg. I wanted to scoop my garlic bread into it and just eat the whole bowl. PPS the truffled garlic bread. I die. Again, see truffles. We also had a salad - it was really good. I just can't remember which one it was listed. However, it has fennel and was really fresh and tasty. For our entrees we went with a special (that included truffles- big shocker!). It was homemade ravioli in a light sauce with fresh truffles shaved table-side. It was on the lighter side while our other pasta dish was heartier- short rib pappardelle. Some reviewer called it "hormel chunks of beef with undercooked pasta." Seriously? It was nothing like that.  Then... it came time for coffee and dessert. Holy meatballs...it was my favorite part of the meal. We ordered three things - yeah, it was amazing. 1) Fresh Figs with Marscapone (Amazing), Hazelnut Tartufo, and Bill's Chocolate Budino. I could have done without the tartufo. It was good, but not great. The figs and budino were just heaven in my mouth. If you love salted caramel and chocolate, get Bill's dessert. I die, a second time. And just like that, I drooled thinking about it.The portions were perfect. The service was impeccable. The ambiance was sultry, yet family oriented. Does that make sense? Like you could go with a double date with your parents or just your husband/wife. I will definitely be going back for more. Giuliana and Bill / Melman Group nailed it.I love the Rancic's.  After meeting them at a seminar, I truly feel that they they are the most genuine and caring couple in Hollywood, so when I knew they would be opening up a restaurant, I had to check it out. My boyfriend loves them too, so I figured this would be the perfect place to take him for his bday. I made reservations a month before his birthday, and could only get a 10:30 pm on a Friday night. As always, we were late, even for such a late time, but they were able to seat us right away. We had a nice booth that overlooked the bar, and there was a DJ playing above us. The music didn't bother us at all, but it may have bothered others since it was directly over our heads. The ambiance of the place is absolutely beautiful with gorgeous lighting and furniture. It gives off a very classy, yet modern feel to it, but doesn't overdo it either. Below the booths, there are lighting fixtures which created an entirely different feel to the place. So now for the food... We ordered a bottle of Moscato which was kept chilled off to the side. What a perfect bottle of bubbly - not too dry or sweet. I can easily finish a bottle by myself... For the appetizer, I went with the plate of four cheeses (Robiola Bosina, Pecorino Sardo, Taleggio D.O.P, and Gorgonzola Dolce). Some of the cheeses came with two pieces, jam, and a few pieces of warm toast. It was unbelievable - honestly, best cheese I've tasted. For the entrees, I went with Giuliana's Italian Salad and my boyfriend had the 8 oz Fillet Mignon. He told me the fillet was better than he ever had at Wildfire which is a HUGE thing to say considering he lives by their meat! I wanted dessert, but by the time it came around to it, we were both so full. Our server, who by the way was perfectly attentive, brought out a complimentary dessert - two miniature chocolate and raspberry sorbetto's in cones, with a candle and a Happy Birthday piece. Can I say adorable?? :)Overall, our experience at RPM was as perfect as I thought it would. The service was as good as it gets, food was amazing, and the atmosphere was delighful. Giving the classy feel to this place and the location, the prices are much better than I expected and this restaurant can definitely be used for more than just special occasions. There are so many other food items I am dying to try, so we will DEF be back. Hopefully, Bill and Giuliana will be there next time!I was walking home after taking a 6 hour exam and went by this place. I've been meaning to try this place and after spending many dark nights studying I decided to give myself a treat. After walking in the front door I realized I was slightly under dressed (sweat pants, backpack) but the hostess was friendly and didn't give me a dirty look so I tried my luck and asked if I could be seated. The place opens at 4PM and I got there around 3:52PM. The hostess let me view the menu while I waited and even took my order early.-Tuscan kale salad: good but nothing to write home about-Fried truffled egg: yummy-Spicy king crab squid ink pasta: YUMMY-Pistaschio gelato: yum-Fig with marscapone and some kind of nut cookie crumble: YUMService was great. Food was yummy (ok, I know I'm using this word too much but I just finished a 6 hour exam). They are part of the LEY group so I get my frequent diner points. Definitely somewhere I will frequent more often.I was lucky enough to be invited to a private party here on a Sunday night.  I was privileged to try a lot of items on the menu. It was a 5 course meal! The party started at 7:30 and ended at 11:00. I was surprised how busy the place was when I left.  Our table started the meal with fried olives, provolone-stuffed peppers, and imported burrata. I definitely recommend the fried olives! Who knew olives could be so tasty and filling when fried?  Just a warning, the provolone-stuffed peppers have a little kick to them.  Next, we tried three salads: Shredded Brussels Sprouts, Tuscan Kale, and Giuliana's Italian Salad. All were great! My personal favorite was the Shredded Brussels Sprouts with bread crumbs and avocado. My boyfriend was a huge fan of Giuliana's Italian Salad with the mix of peppers and meat. Others at the table really enjoyed the Tuscan Kale with the spinach and cheese.Then, we tried four pastas: Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro, Short Rib Pappardelle, Ricotta Raviolo, and the Sweet Corn Agnolotti. As many know, Mama DePandi's dish is what spiraled into the ideas of creating RPM. It was hands down my favorite pasta. It lived up to the hype! If you are only going to order one pasta, definitely order it! Others at the table really liked the sweet corn agnolotti. It was a unique type of pasta stuffed with a sweet corn sauce. Finally for dinner, we had the Sea Bass and the Prime Dry- Aged Bristecca Fiorentina. The sides that were served were garlic whipped potatoes and sauteed broccolini. The steak was incredible! Unbelievable seasoning and salty around the crust. I don't like fish, so I am not a good judge of the Sea Bass. The potatoes and broccolini were both received well by the table.For dessert, we had the baked cannoli, rice pudding gelato, and Bill's Chocolate Budino. The cannoli was great with an orange flavor! The rice pudding gelato was well received. Many commented it was the best rice pudding they have had! My personal favorite was Bill's Chocolate Budino. Wow! It was a bowl of chocolate, salted caramel, and chocolate balls. It is a perfect mix of sweet and salty. Make sure you save room for dessert just to try this! The service was great and very attentive. They were very accommodating for people with food allergies in the group. I was very impressed to learn that they have an entire gluten-free menu and they make their own gluten free pasta!  RPM is the perfect spot for a special occasion or a fancy date night.  Make sure to make a reservation, you will need one.  I will definitely be back!I had heard a number of good things about this place and went in with high expectations.  However, those exceptions were strongly disappointed!To start, the atmosphere is very sleek and modern.  The dining room is all white with black accents.  All the waitstaff wear white blazers and the tables are covered in white linen table cloths.  Moving on to the food.  This is where I had some issues...my dining companion and I started with the 600 day cured prosciutto.  This was served with grilled bread and small red sweet peppers stuffed with a hard cheese.  Very good.Next, we had the chicken liver pate.  Also, very good.  This reminded me of foie gras, but I loved the chicken flavor.  For our entrees, this is where I ran into issues.  I first ordered the prosciutto tortelloni in a mascarpone and rosemary sauce.  Very bland and lacking in flavor, which surprised me because prosciutto and rosemary are two very distinctive flavors.  Our waitress was gracious and asked me what I would like instead.  I then proceeded to try the lobster ravioli in spinach shells.  Again, pasta was watery and the ravioli was lacking in flavor.  How could that be I asked myself, when lobster is a strong and distinctive meat?Dessert was good.  Nothing over the top, but solid.  We shared the Tartufo, which is hazelnut gelato inside a chocolate shell.  Overall, I would not go back.  There are too many other good places in Chicago, especially Italian (one being a block away!).What an outstanding experience these fine people provided. It reminded me of exactly the opposite experience I recently had at The Dawson. The Dawsonites insisted my party wait for 35 minutes in the bar before our party was "allowed" to get a our table. The fine and professional people of  RPM seated us immediately upon arrival, as all good restaurant protocol requires. Note to self: DO NOT EVER GO TO THE DAWSON again.We had the following items and they were all superb:Shaved Brussels sprouts with avocado-outstandingLobster ravioli-outstandingGrilled Octopus-outstandingSlow Roasted Pork Arrosti on polenta-may be best thing I've ever had.Thank you for restoring my faith in the right way to treat your customers. It was wonderful!G-RegOnly went here because my wife likes their show. Wasn't expecting much. Total pleasant surprise. Was very crowded for a Sunday night. The atmosphere is better in person than on TV. Sleek and modern without "trying too hard". Out waitress was very helpful and answered all my wife's stalker questions about Juliana. The menu has some very reasonable smaller plates and our server suggested sharing 3 of them. This worked out great. Bucatini was great as was the Ragu. My wife ate the other and loved it. We started with the ricotta appetizer. Best thing we had. Perfect bread with creamy ricotta. It alone would bring me back. Wine list is expensive but to be expected in Chicago. When out server learned it was our first anniversary she brought 2 glasses of champagne. Our meal was around $120 with tip and well worth it. I shouldn't of bitched about going there just because my wife is a fan. As I've learned this year... She is always right.I really wanted to like RPM....was so excited to head there tonight.   But, it was just okay.  It might have been in part the sour faced wait person that coldly greeted our table.  She basically had nothing to say about the menu, specialties or anything for that matter.   The food was good...but nothing special.   The music was very loud and it made the dining experience less that enjoyable.   When it came to dessert, she brought a menu and just laid it on the table without a comment.  Now that I think about it, she never even gave us her name!  Having dined at the trendy GT Oyster Bar and enjoyed fantastic service and great food, RPM was a letdown.  There are so many great restaurants in River North, I wish I could include RPM in the mix.Yup!  As Good As It Gets!  We get there this past Saturday at around 8:00 p.m., and the place is jammed packed.  We figured we will just wait til someone in the bar area leaves.   It didn't look like anyone was leaving anytime soon.  Uh oh!  I can't wait I have to use the bathroom.  As I was walking towards the bathroom I saw that the service bar area had four seats and two were being used and the other two were just waiting for someone to snatch them.  Ok, its either go to the bathroom or inquire about these two lonely seats.  Bladder can wait.  Cha Ching, we were able to snatch those 2 seats.  Yay!  Damn forgot my readers, how in the hell am I going read the menu.  Tell the handsome server that I forgot my readers and he said, we have some.  Thanks Matt.  Once I got the readers from Matt, sadly that was the last time I saw him.  We ended up with a new server who was outstanding and very attentative (sorry that I forgot your name, but you were the best and handsome too).  We looked over the menu and ordered the following.....Tuna Carpaccio - Flavorless, never ordering that again.Mushroom Pesto Pizzette (Outstanding)Kale Salad (Delish)Entrees (Mushroom Pasta Dish/Yummylicious)Desset - Fresh Figs with Marscapone (Amazing)The best part is that the portions were perfect.  Not too much.   That's the probelm with some restaurants, not all.  They just serve too much food that tends to go to waste.  Anyway, the music was pumping and they had a live DJ.  Love the concept of RPM .  Its fun to go with a group of people or just as a couple.Service was outstanding.  I will definitely be back.  What are you waiting for, MAKE THAT RESO.  ITS WORTH IT!  Also, looking for a late night place to eat, consider RPM.  They will not disappoint.Oh yeah, saw Bill Rancic's sister.My best friend and I chose RPM as the spot to celebrate our birthdays.  We couldn't have made a better choice.  The service from the moment we drove up to valet was flawless; the ambiance was superb. Our waiter, Anthony, clearly had a large section that he was manning but damn, you never would have known it. He was excellent.If you get the chance to try the Lobster Caprese, DO  IT.I was home in Chicago for Thanksgiving and my family decided to venture out to RPM on Friday- just one day after completely gorging ourselves with an all-American feast.  I was worried that my appetite might betray me, but as soon as food started coming to the table I knew that somehow, some way I would be able to eat my face off once again.We started with some cocktails and appetizers.  The drinks were pretty standard but made well and the food was an excellent start to the meal.  We got the truffled garlic bread (get this!), 600-day prosciutto, zucchini friti, prime beef meatballs, and fried olives (stuffed with mozzarella and sausage-- I NEED to get a recipe for these).  Next we shared some salads and then for entrees we each ordered a seafood or pasta-- everything was incredibly fresh and delicious.  YES, the pasta portions are traditional to Italy and are smaller but that is because they are not meant to be a stand-alone entree.  And with the huge selection of small plates to accompany them there is no reason to complain.It was my brother's birthday and as a surprise dessert our waitress brought out six mini ice cream cones with various flavors of gelato in them.  I am one of those annoying people who immediately thinks that anything miniature makes it worthy of my time because it is SO ADORABLE so obviously I loved these.RPM didn't win any major points in creativity, but everyone at our table thoroughly enjoyed our meal!As much as I like G & B I just can't give their restaurant 5 or even 4 stars.   We had a 9:30pm reso on a Friday night and waited nearly an hour.  I get it your a busy, trendy, cool restaurant.  But that is always annoying no matter where you are.  Huge bar but no where to sit while we waited.  So we stood towards the end of the bar and promptly got lectured by the security/bar man guy.  He was rude and literally wouldn't leave us alone.  "Miss you need to be farther away from the aisle, miss you are too close, miss..."  Like I get you!  It was so annoying to be treated like that.  That alone formed my opinion.  So do as a favor RPM and tell your "security" bar man to chill.  Then the manager came around to offer an apology for the wait which was decent of the restaurant.  But then told us we will be getting a free appetizer for our inconvenience.  Didn't know at the time that just meant bread.  Bread EVERY other table got too....  Anyway, food was good.  G's salad I would get again.  The gluten-free pasta could have been better.  Drinks were pretty decent.  Would maybe go back on a Monday at like 5pm & see how it is then....I'm very happy with RPM. The food quality is excellent and whenever I have guests to the city one of my top choices to take them to is RPM. The consistency of the noodles is perfect. The service is top-notch. If I had to voice a complaint, sometimes you will have a reservation but you might end up waiting some time to get seated. At least they will bring out some complementary appetizers for you.I admit, the main reason why I wanted to try this place is because I saw it on tv on Giuliana & Bill. I was skeptical at first because it IS a celebrity endorsed restaurant and there was a chance that it might be all hype.  Well, I was wrong!I came in on a Sunday around 9:30pm and took a seat at the bar. I ordered Mama DePandi's bucatini ($10) and added a prime beef meatball to my order.  Shortly after the bartender took my order, it came out.  It turned out to be quite amazing. The pasta was cooked perfectly (you could tell that was it was fresh and homemade), it wasn't swimming in sauce, and the meatball was tender and well-seasoned.  The portion size was just right too.  Enough, but doesn't leave you with that heavy, groggy feeling after a big meal.Only a few cons made me knock off a star.  (1) The bartender's attitude influenced my entire experience.  He wasn't rude, but he wasn't friendly either.  He didn't smile, asked me how I was, offer suggestions, and had a very nonchalant type of service throughout my meal. (2) I also ordered another bucanti togo, asked him to pack my meatball that I barely touched, and add a side of cheese.  He asked "a side of shaved parmesan?" and I said yes.  I mention this because he forgot it in my togo order.. which also took a little longer to come out, and my finished plate with my meatball sitting in front of me was collecting dust.  He packed it in front of me when he brought out my togo order, but I thought that he should have taken away my plate when I was done and packed it in the back.The restaurant is classy and beautifully decorated, and there was electro/trance blasting which made it a cool place to dine at.  My dinner was delicious and I will definitely come back.  One of the BEST spaghetti dishes I've ever eaten.So the nice thing was that after I wrote the review, one of the managers wrote me back apologizing for the experience. He really made me change my mind about going back to try them out again. He offered to send me some gc's in the mail to put towards our next dining experience and then I never received anything...It wasn't even about the gc's it was nice to have them offered and be heard.. Not receiving them though, makes me realize the management is just as poor as our experience.I know that i am in the minority here, but this is not my favorite restaurant on earth. it's fine ... but i don't ever feel the need to go back. it got EXTREMELY hyped to me by friends, etc, but i was underwhelmed both by the food and the atmosphere. i've been back a few times since then, and i will say that i think your experience is improved by sitting at a bar table v. the dining room. that area is a little more exciting - hipper, more action, etc.the portions are tiny and expensive. the quality of the food is just ok. i haven't had anything in the three times that i've been there that i would go back for or couldn't live without, and with the hassle to make reservations and the cost ... i don't see any reason to.i get why people want to go. it's cool that giuliana is involved, and the melmans hardly ever falter (i love paris club, for example). but i just think this got way too much hype and didn't deliver. i know i'm alone within my group of friends on this opinion, FWIW. most people think it's the best place they've ever been and continue to go back again and again.I finally scored a reservation at Giuliana and Bill Rancic's RPM and it was more delicious than I expected it would be! First, the interior decor of the restaurant is modern, with all black and white, very chic, and high ceilings.  There are also a good amount of servers for all the tables.  Our waitress came back multiple times to take our drink order, meal order, refill our water, and check on how everything was.  It was a great experience.My friend and I ordered the truffled garlic bread, cremini mushroom pizzette, the robiola bosina cheese plate, and the burrata cheese ravioli -everything was so yummy!  The portion sizes are smaller - but my friend didn't mind.  We didnt want to be stuffed but satisfied and RPM delivered on portion sizes, flavor, and price! I would definitely recommend eating here!My fiance and I went to RPM Italian for Christmas Eve dinner. We called ahead and made reservations for 7:30, but we arrived early, so we went to the bar and ordered a drink (peach bellini for me and a beer for the fiance), and the truffled garlic bread as an appetizer. WOW. Seriously, the best garlic bread I've ever eaten. I am drooling just thinking about it. Once seated, we ordered the prime rib meatballs as a second appetizer. Delicious again...I literally wanted to lick the tomato sauce they were served with from the bowl after the meatballs were eaten.For entrees, I ordered the lobster ravioli and my fiance got spaghetti and meatballs. My lobster ravioli had amazing flavor, but you only get like 6 teensy ravioli for like $15, kind of pricey if you do the math. My fiance loved his spaghetti, I believe the pasta is made fresh in-house, which is nice.The dessert menu wasn't to our liking, unfortunately...we were craving some sort of cake or pie, but all of the desserts were too fancy. I wish they had at least one simple, traditional type dessert.The atmosphere at RPM is very trendy. They were blasting club/house music, and almost every table around us during our Christmas Eve dinner contained an impeccably dressed gay couple or a typical upper-upper-class family with children completely pre-occupied with ipads, cell phones, dvd players, etc. during the entire meal (am I the only person with fond memories of homemade christmas dinners as a child?).I would definitely return for drinks and more of that amazing truffled garlic bread, and perhaps more of the other appetizers. Although pricey for the portion size, the flavors and presentation of the food keep me wanting more.Solid 4 stars, def better that a lot of other high profile restaurants in this stretch of river north.  I've tried to make a reservation here for a while but every time, no matter what day of the week I check, its either 5 or 10.  We dropped by on a Thurs night around 830 and were able to snatch a bar table - which serves the full menu.  Attractive to the crowd is the concentration toward a large bar area with lots of people just mingling around and drinking.  Sitting in the corner bar table was a perfect chance for people watching..But this place doesn't get 4 stars just for people watching.  The service was excellent!  Food came out amazingly fast.  and all of the ingredients used were fresh and top notch.  Prices overall were reasonable for the fare.Favs:- Polenta appetizer:  a bit small portion but enough for 2 to share.  drizzled with truffle sauce and sprinkled with procuitto, very successful solid dish- kale/spinach salad:  wanted to try the caesar wedge but can't muster eating ice berg lettuce, so went for this option.  the dressing was light and delicious.  the kale was fresh and perfect.  - king crab, squid ink spagetti: if you love shellfish, this dish is for you.  great flavor, smells of the sea and has nice big chunks of king crabFor dessert we had the tartufo which was AMAZING! its a huge ice cream version of a ferrero roche!!  loved it.Would def come back if we wanted a fun hip weekend spot to hang out and people watch AND have good food.  Not the best italian in the city, but food def good.When I think of RPM the first thing that comes to my mind is being at a sporting event where the underdog is beating the top ranked team and the crowd chants... "Over Rated!"The atmosphere here is really cool, however the food didn't really do much to impress me. Also, be aware that the pasta dishes on the menu are actually small side dishes and not main courses.There are much better Italian places in the city and most of them are about half the cost of RPM.Loved Guiliana's salad, the spaghetti, and polenta!Took a date to dinner at RPM last night.Right away, I fell in love with the way the place is set up. The dining area is expansive but separated into different sections and levels all of which allow you to see across the entire space. Some places separate a lively bar from the dining room with a wall and, while I understand the sentiment, I liked the adult vibe at RPM.I was also very surprised by the menu prices. Two people could easily eat here for less than $50 which was somewhat of a shock given its downtown location.I decided that I wanted to try as much as I could and my date agreed so we ordered the following:Charred pepperoni pizetteProvolone stuffed peppersPrime beef meatballsCaesar wedge (with anchovy)Lobster ravioliCarbonaraFor all of that, the bill was only $75 (or so). So RPM deserves a lot of praise for being an incredible value!The pizettes are only $8 but are small. The flavor's good but, for me, this is small enough that I'd rather see a larger version for $12 - $15. As soon as I got into it, it was gone!The wedge was fantastic. It was accompanied by what I can only assume were polenta croutons and the best peppercorn dressing ever.The meatballs had a veal taste to me. I'm a fan but some may not enjoy. Prime beef typically means 'young' beef so buyer beware.The provolone stuffed peppers were more enjoyed by me than my date. Not sure why she didn't dig them to be fair but they were exactly as I would have guessed.The carbonara was served with a raw egg mixed into the dish at the table. It had a savory, comforting flavor and texture that I can still taste. Perfect meal if you're looking for something to stick to you!The ravioli was a big win for me as well. Whenever you order ravioli as an entree, you know you're only going to get 4-5 ravioli so it has to be an entree based on incredible taste more than portion.And this delivered. The lobster was evident in the flavor of the dish but wasn't overwhelming. When you compare the quality of the food to the low menu prices, RPM is an incredible value. Not every dish was a home run but a very good experience nonetheless!Next time I go, I'm trying the $48 bone-in ribeye!Ok I'm not a huge pasta fan. I only came here because I heard the food was fantastic and because of course Giuliana & Bill Rancic own-the place!  Very good martinis. Beautiful crowd. Fantastic decor. Extensive wine list-very affordable. I was greeted as soon as I arrived and promptly seated when the time came (we were early). Met some random guy who offered me wine. From HIS wine glass. Eek. $500 bottle but no thanks. I'll pass. Had a great time.  Noticed there were different seating arrangements which gave the place an overall look of sexy.  There was a large, happening bar and a small private bar area as well just to give an example of the seating arrangements.  I'm NOT a big pasta fan but the food was pretty good.  Tried a bunch of everything. I had the spicy ink squid dish.  Some prosciutto and meatballs for starters that were really good also.I can see why they're booked 2.5 months in advance. It is justified.First things first--the food:Sea bass carpaccio--great.Short rib pappardelle--excellent--bolognese & my favorite cheese pecorino romano!Burrata cheese ravioli--heavenly, period.Wild boar sausage (also with pecorino)--surprisingly delicious.Bread with cheese and tomato sauce (their version of table bread)--phenomenal, fantastic, OMG, OMG...I don't want the rest of my meal, I want to just eat this cheese and tomato sauce all night long, yes, it's that, good, OMG, I haven't tasted tomato sauce this good since Italy, you must try it, yes, I know, I'm making a huge deal over bread, cheese, and tomato sauce, but trust me, it's that good, why are you still reading this, get on that reservation now.Vanilla gelato--certainly good, but ordinary.Service was attentive. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and gave lots of good suggestions, though we were glad we went against his suggestions on some items (I think our personal tastes differed). Huge bar area, but it is beyond packed if you're thinking of pre-dinner drinks. It will take a while to get up front and order. But the good thing is that once you do get your drink, it will be well-mixed and strong. Decor is beautiful and I would expect nothing less from a place like this. Some seating is a bit cramped, but the food will make you forget all about it. Can't say enough good things about RPM--put it on your list for special occasions, date night, or fun night out with the girls.I think this restaurant was hyped up too much. I expected to come to have a jaw dropping meal. It was nothing out of the ordinary. It was filled with flavor and had great taste, but I wouldn't say it was the best meal I've ever had.The staff was great, all very professional, knew the menu inside and out and gave great recommendations for starters. I love the decor! The lay out is great to come with a group for some drinks, or have a nice dinner. If I will be returning, I would come for some small bites and drinks, not for a dinner date.Very trendy and chic place to eat if ever in Chicago.  Some coworkers and myself dropped in after work and immediately knew we probably should have made reservations.  And this was a Tuesday night!  So we found a four top next to the bar area and settled in. Greeted by a very nice gentlemen wearing a white suit and black tie at first I didn't know if he worked there or was just coming by to say hello.  But yes, all the servers were dressed this way which I thought was a nice touch.The food was delicious, beef carpaccio and chicken with peppers is what I settled on and it was divine.I enjoy the crowd and upscale atmosphere!Great gluten-free menu! The gluten free pasta was delicious - best I have ever had. And nice to have a couple different choices, and all reasonably priced. Even the dessert, Bill's Chocolate Budino was gf and good.I know...I know... I read the mixed reviews and still wanted to go.  We tried a few things that people had suggested- here's my list of what we had in my order of favorites:Proscuitto Pansotti (by far the best thing I tried)Gnocchi al FornoShort Rib PappardelleWarm Bread with RicottaGiuliana's Italian SaladFritto MistoSo whatever, I can say I've been there, but I don't feel the need to return.First the bad.  It's pretty hard to eat here.  I believe we made reservations a good 2 months in advance.  I really would have given this place 1 less star because of how hard it was to get a table but the food more than made up for it.  It's a shame because the food is very good.  I don't even like Italian food so I'm just judging the food by the quality and taste of it and not against other Italian restaurants (which, to this day, I've never found one that I liked).  I'm not a big pasta eater but everything my group ordered was delicious.  We had a fairly large group so we ordered a majority of the items on the menu.  I was amazed that there wasn't a single dish I didn't like.  I hate meatballs but RPM's were absolutely delicious!  Oh and the bone-in ribeye steak...WOW!  It can match some of Chicago's best steakhouses.  It was perfectly cooked to medium-rare, perfectly charred, and just the right amount of salt, pepper, and garlic...I was a big fan of the atmosphere.  I was digging the modern, night-club feel and the great house music playing softly in the background.  I would definitely go back some day, hopefully when the hype dies down and we can get a reservation in less than 2 weeks because the wife and I are the type of foodies that like to eat on a whim, whatever we have a craving for.RPM Italian is amazing!  My girlfriends & I were visiting Chicago from Charlotte and my only request was dinner at RPM while we were there.  We had such a hard time deciding on what to order and ended up with 13 different items!  We were not disappointed.  We all agreed Mama DePandi's dish & the Carbonara were our favorites.  We also loved the shaved Brussel Sprout salad.One of the highlights of our epic dinner was our waiter Bob R.  He was so helpful and extremely knowledgeable on the dishes and wine list.  We were at RPM for over three hours and he was so patient with us!This is the perfect place to come to catch up with girlfriends. It's a place to be seen. Very trendy. But the food is also well worth it.Unfortunately, they sat us 30 minutes after our reservations, but they quickly made it up to us when they sent over free stuffed peppers and ricotta cheese toast. The stuffed peppers were super spicy, but I thought it would be better with a cheese other than provolone. The ricotta toast was excellent, but I think if I had ordered myself I would have gotten the truffle one.We got the kale salad which we would not order again. VERY salty. Between 4 people we shared the eggplant, mama's pasta and meatballs. All were absolutely delicious. The only issue was that it was all marinara based--so I would order differently next time.We finished with BIll's salted caramel dessert which was outstanding! I can't wait to come back again. We had the best server!  I wish I remembered his name...such great serviceRPM didn't disappoint, did not have high expectations for this place as I heard from a few friends that it was not as good as the hoped but I was pleasantly surprised.    Came here for a graduation dinner for my fiance's sister.  All 5 of us enjoyed our meals.  The service was top notch - waitress was very friendly and helpful, never felt rushed at all and bus staff cleaned and cleared dishes promptly.  We all enjoyed the decor, not your typical Italian restaurant.  Highlights of the meal was the fresh homemade ricotta, spicy king crab with squid ink pasta, short rib pappardelle.  We also ordered a few different deserts and all were very good.  The waitress said the dishes were small plates and was pleasantly surprised in the size of them, I was expecting small plates, tapas style, and they were bigger than I thought they would be.   Would still order more than 1 per person though.  I recommend RPMMy friends and I went here on a girls night back in September. We made a reservation during the summer time and were so excited when our reservation finally came up!! We had reservations for 9:00 on a Saturday night. We arrived a few minutes early and were given a pager for when our table was ready. We were informed that it would only be 10 minutes or so. So, we sat down and waited for our table. 20 minutes went by and my friend went to ask what was going on with our table. We wanted to know if we should get a drink while we waited or wait until we were seated. 10 minutes later, our pager finally went off.I loved the black and white decor of the restaurant! It gave off a very modern vibe to the restaurant. Our waiter promptly greeted us and was happy to answer any questions we had regarding the menu! We ordered a bottle of the Moscato Champagne which was amazing! The menu does have entrees that you can order, but mostly has small plates to share. As we were discussing what we wanted to order, a manager stopped by our table and apologized that we had to wait when we had a reservation. He then gave us a marinara and ricotta cheese dip appetizer on the house. The small plates were great to share so we got a taste of everything. We eventually ordered pasta entrees and shared amongst one another as well. All of the dishes were full of flavor. Of course, we got dessert which was also to die for! Overall, a great girls night out and would go back here in a heartbeat! Do be prepared to spend a little money, but it is worth it at the end of your meal!Good, but not great. Very trendy, busy, loud atmosphere but the food is standard Chicago Italian. Salads, apps & pastas are good but each time I've been here I feel like the entrees disappoint - overly salted and just so-so. Come for small plates but avoid main courses, a little pricey for what you get.Second time here and the food is absolutely delicious. A little pricey, but really good food. Must try other dishes and will return. Service and food excellent.I limit my trips downtown based on the fact that traffic is always awful and I personally have no patience for it.  I made an exception on Oct. 6th, it was the last "sisters dinner" that I knew I would have with my sis before she becomes a mommy.  I thought long and hard about nice places to go in the Chicago area and then I realized, I don't need to hide my love of reality TV, and can shout it from the mountain tops... I love Giuliana and Bill on Style network.   Thus our last dinner out was at RPM Italian.Made my reservation 6 weeks in advance so plan ahead!I know many of us have watched the show and had a level of expectation walking into the restaurant.  I was please that what I wanted was far exceeded by what I got.  Let me tell you about our meal.Drinks: As I mentioned, my sister is pregnant but surprise RPM has Mocktails!  She was able to be a Peach Bellini Mocktail while I had a Prusecco.  It was so cute watching he drink her fake cocktail!Appetizers: Truffle Bread and Prime Beef Meatballs were both amazeballs!  Delicious and if you go there, don't pass on the meatballs they were tender and flavorful!Pasta: Sis and I split the Mama DePandi's Bucatini and the Carbonara.  The pasta was fresh and you could tell it was homemade, sooo good!  The Carbonara was a nice change of pace, it was a bit garlicy, and bit bacon flavored, and they broke the egg yolk at the table... yum!  The Mama DePandi's however is a cannot miss pasta, it was light and fresh yet filling.Steaks & Chops: Sis had the Filet and I had the Veal Chop.  Sister loved her Filet and I had never had a Veal Chop before but was glad I tried it.  Both are recommended to try.Yes... there's more.  Dessert was a delicious part of the meal, we split the Tartufo which is a hazelnut gelato with a chocolate shell and a delicious chocolate center.  This was a taste sensation that  everyone who goes should try; flavorful and creamy and defiantly big enough to share .  We also shared a caramel, hazelnut torte which was good but it was served with the best vanilla gelato I've ever had.  I would order anything on the dessert menu that comes with the vanilla gelato.The service was great.  Our waitress was a rockstar and assisted us in our choices and made good suggestions.  She actually had tried everything on the menu so her descriptions and flavor profiles were on point.  Plates were briskly removed course after course and the table was wipe between courses as well. We never had an empty glass which is always important to me as well.If you are looking for a special night out, this is your place.  The entire meal was around $170, which is not bad for the great service and amazing food that we got!Valet is only $12 which is a steal by Chicago standards.  Save yourself the walk and use the service!Thank you B & G and Mama D!I have been here a few times and try to change it up each visit.  Everything is just so tasty!My absolute favorite thing was the Strawberry and Sour Cream Gelato dessert, but I think the idea of sour cream as a gelato scare people off as I don't see it on the menu anymore...ya'll missed out on that one!Mama DePandi's pasta is magnificent and Giuliana's Salad light & refreshing with lots of flavor...oh and them meatballs...I don't really like meatballs but these things are so juicy and flavorful. Mmmm....I think I need to make another reservation now.Oh and I have heard things about people getting angry that it's an Italian restaurant and the plates are soooo small.  Umm...they are normal size, people.  Let's be real, you don't need 5 lbs of pasta that usually goes to waste.  This is an upscale joint that isn't about over filling their clientele.  It's the perfect portion and not your every day Italian joint.  If you want mediocre fill your face Italian go elsewhere!I was really excited to try this restaurant, and was let down completely.  First I will start with the high notes.  Our server David was great, he knew the menu, was nice, and attentive.  The homemade pasta was good and was cooked well.  They brought my friend a free dessert of gelato for her birthday.  The atmosphere was really nice and beautiful.  I loved the cocktails.  I had the Ten Eighty Eight.  Also the dessert special was a chocolate tiramisu that was really good. Other than that the food was completely forgettable.  There is nothing that I want to go back for.  The sauces on the pastas were bland (other than the Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro which was light and refreshing).  The portion sizes are ridiculously small.  I know that this is Italian tapas but 4 small figs the size of a quarter for $6, really?!Here are the dishes that four of us got:Lobster Caprese- good not outstanding, defiantly not worth $16  Prosciutto-Wrapped Figs- forgettablePizzette special with prosciutto and asparagus- goodRicotta Ravioli-the lemon was interesting but out of place almost. Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro with a meatball- favorite dish of the night, I would get it with the meatball.Short Rib Pappardelle- papardelle was really good sauce and short rib I cannot even remember.Prosciutto Tortelloni- I had one bite of one of the tortelloni and the meat was not fully cooked. Chocolate Tiramisu- this is really good. In the end the four of us had all of that and 2 cocktails a piece and our bill was $215 before tip. I will not be going back.Had an overall great experience in terms of food and service.  Our waiter was extremely helpful and gave great suggestions.  I went with two girlfriends and we decided to share everything in order to get as much of a taste of the menu as possible. To start, we had the tuna carpaccio, lobster caprese, and polenta w/ poached egg.  The tuna was just okay: good, but nothing to write home about.  We all agreed it was our least favorite of the night.  The lobster and polenta were both delicious.  Very flavorful, but still light. Would recommend both to order.For pasta, we shared the pomodoro, cavatelli, and ravioli. We also ordered a side of meatballs.  All three pasta were tasty.  The best I've ever had? No. Original/new from what I've had in the past? No. BUT I did enjoy them all.  I'm pretty picky about meatballs (I have an Italian mother who makes the best, ever) and I thought they were very good.For desert, we shared a special of tiny fried donuts filled with a hazelnut cream and vanilla dipping sauce that I loved.  My friends preferred the other desert: a chocolate/caramel/sea salt concoction.We obviously did not order any mains, which I would like to do when I go back... because I will definitely go back.  Keep in mind: plates are small; however, we all left completely satisfied.  It was pricey, but the cost didn't faze us at all since we were all happy with our meal.Excellent experience time after time. The waitstaff is superbly attentive and helpful in their descriptions of dishes, the food arrives quickly and maintains consistently high quality, and the ambiance is a perfect blend of energetic/casual yet upscale and buttoned up. You don't have to wear a suit or anything, but I'd recommend a nice button down shirt, which you can rock untucked with jeans and you should be in good shape.Since the menu is always changing it's hard to list dishes but some staples that I find myself ordering often are the Fried Olives, Truffled Garlic Bread, Charred Pepperoni Pizzette, and the Short Rib Papperdalle.I think I actually prefer sitting in the bar area to the dining room, although the design of the dining room is remarkable and very sleek. My (and my girlfriend's) only complaint is that our favorite dish has been cut from the menu: Wild Boar Pasta ... which is really disheartening! I know there are many others who feel the same way and I implore you to bring it back!!Helpful staff, nice decor & great food.  The price was surprisingly affordable.  The lobster caprese was to die for!!!I like the small-plates Italian concept here. It's nice to be able to try a bunch of different pasta dishes and appetizers without feeling like you need to roll yourself out of there by the end of the meal. I went with 2 girlfriends and we ordered the meatballs, brussel sprouts salad, fried zucchini, burrata, carbonara, short rib pappardelle, spicy crab pasta and the tartufo for dessert. Everything was good, but I can't say  that any dish blew me away or set RPM apart from other Italian restaurants in the area (definitely doesn't beat Piccolo Sogno!). However, the atmosphere is great, the service is good and its a trendy place to bring friends that are in town, especially if they're a Giuliana fan. I will definitely be back!Excellent small plate foods, nice wine selection and helpful wait staff! Nice cozy atmosphere, but feels high end with white tablecloths, and elegant touches.  People go to be seen and to see.  Dress to impress!!!!!! Loved the food and will go back soon!The food was amazing!! I have never had octopus soo tender before. We tried a couple of appetizers and a couple of entree dishes and all of them did not disappoint. My favorite is the black ink squid pasta with spicy crab. The flavors were incredable at every bite. The ambiance was wonderful. Very chic. Hostess and waitress were very professional and well dressed. I had to bring my 6 month old to dinner with us and they were very nice about it. They had the cutest smallest highchair for her so it fit perfectly between tables. We were there on Wednesday at 5pm and it was not busy yet but which was perfect for us since we had the baby. I'd love to go again at sit at the bar next time. Great experience. Highly reccommend it!I find Giulana and Bill rather endearing so I wanted to try their restaurant. I was not disappointed but my socks weren't knocked off either. You can definitely find a better Italian meal in this city.That being said the ambiance and vibe of the restaurant is stimulating and fun. If dinner is not a part of your plans for the evening you should still venture to RPM, the bar scene is lively and they have great cocktails. The service we had was fantastic so hopefully it will be for you as well!On to the dinner:Watermelon & Basil- light and refreshing served with sliced grape tomatoes, peppers, and feta crumbles I believe. This was a great way to start off the night, I would definitely order this againShredded Brusell Sprouts are DELICIOUS!!! A must try when dining hereLobster Ravioli- good, but nothing unique that would make this dish stand out against other lobster ravioli that I have had in the past.Mediterranean Octopus- cooked beautifully and served with a light "sauce" that provided a bit of heat along with the cook crunch of celery and the heartiness of the chickpeas.Tartufo- this is the desert to sample! Any explanation you may receive will never do it justice. If you have a bit of a sweet tooth, this is a must try.In the future when I come back to RPM it will be to snag a table in the bar, hang with friends, and  enjoy the crowd.I am in love...with this place -and- our server. Awkward?I went to RPM for dinner last night with a friend and instantly became friends with the table next to us - the seating is pretty close together. The table of 6 next to us was so friendly and hilarious. They definitely added to our enjoyment of our dining experience. Our server was Alex. He was wonderful in every way possible. He is a fine specimen of manliness...like, seriously crazy gorgeous. I'm totally okay with him reading this and thinking I'm a weirdo for saying that. Oh, and he's an excellent server too...obviously that's what's important. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and mentioned his favorites to us. He was also very quick with our drinks which was a major plus. We ordered:-truffled garlic bread-prime beef meatballs-carbonara-maine lobster ravioliThe truffled garlic bread is to die for, and everything else was really yummy too. I'm looking forward to my next visit to RPM, which hopefully will be soon!I was thoroughly impressed with RPM Italian on my first visit to Chicago. The vibe was really swanky, but comfortable and warm at the same time. Our server David had an amazing personality and made perfect recommendations for our group. I felt like we tried the best of the whole menu (thanks to David). I'll cover my favorites only. We tried both of the breads, but our favorite was definitely the fresh homemade ricotta with semolina toast. My favorite appetizer was the lobster caprese. You cannot go to RPM and not order that. It's off the chain. I have never seen this on a menu and it is genius. For the pastas, I really enjoyed Mama Depandi's Bucatini and also her meatballs. Best meatballs I've ever had and the pomodoro sauce was really flavorful and bright. Drool.The best entree was definitely the ribeye. It was also flavor-packed and decadent. For dessert we had the tartufo,the coconut gelato and Bill's chocolate budino. My favorite was the chocolate budino and I am not even a chocolate freak. It was silky and delicious and the salted caramel was perfection.Serious props to Bill and Guiliana!It's about time I finally got around to visiting RPM!  We came here for dinner on New Year's Eve and there was this buzz about the place that made it feel just perfect for the occasion.  There were 3 of us so we decided to split several plates so we could try as much as possible.  I could've just eaten plate after plate of the bread, sauce, and ricotta that they brought out as a starter...but that's neither here nor there.We ordered:*Truffled Garlic Bread:  A MUST...delicious!!*Fritto Misto:  Tasty, but not the best I've ever had.  Fried lemons added an interesting twist!*Chicken Liver Crostini:  I'm not usually one to order chicken liver or any other kind organ meat, but I recently had some amazing chicken liver pate at Longman & Eagle so I wanted to give it a try again.  Not so great, just wasn't digging RPM's take.*Spicy King Crab Pasta:  Really, really great dish that I would definitely order again.  The crab, the perfect kick of spice, the squid ink spaghetti....loved it!*Short Rib Pappardelle:  Yum!!  Another delicious dish...but let's be honest-I haven't come across many short rib dishes that I didn't like!  *Prosciutto Tortelloni:  Again, a great pasta dish.  We wanted to lick the plate clean!*Tartufo dessert:  Save room for dessert because this is another must!  I would come back to RPM just for this creamy, chocolate-y, hazelnut dessert!*Blood Orange:  Very tart, but very good if you like that kind of thing!  Tastes like a tart orange push pop!  RPM is definitely trendy and a place to "see and be seen".  Super fun spot for a night out with the girls or a chic date night!After 2 months of waiting for reservations, we were finally able to get in...on my roomie's birthday nonetheless! Of course we had to make our ressie for 10pm, which was no biggie, but when we got there...there was a lot of open seating. So you may be able to get in earlier!Anyways, the ambiance is beautiful! All black and white, comfy chairs and booths, all very modern and sleek. The dining area is large, but it is broken up into levels, where you can see the entire restaurant.The menu is set up like italian style tapas. The waitress we had was great and explained all her favorites and helped us pick! We started with wine, they have house red and whites which are around 10$ a glass, but have a lot more expensive wines as well. We got:~Truffled Garlic Bread- DELISH. I would surley get this again,~Prime Beef Meatballs- See above^-Pizette- Pretty good, but I would probably skip it and try something else next time.~Mama DePandis Pomodoro- One of the best pasta's I've ever had. I would probably bathe in this. And eat it for the rest of my life.We were stuffed to the brim, but they brought us gelato cones to celebrate the Birthday!Our experience only could have gotten better if we saw Giuliana & Bill. Hopefully next time?!We heard from friends that this was a must try and I would echo that. The cocktails were very well-crafted (Sergio Leone and Padua Sour). Our server was fantastic and took care of us answering all questions and had insightful suggestions.We did several plates and split - filet mignon was one of the best steaks I've tasted in a while, perfectly medium-rare, seasoned well. Brussels Sprouts salad was really good too - I need to figure out how to make at home! We also split the lobster caprese, squid ink pasta, and short rib pasta. Each was unique and tasty - although I would say the description of the squid ink pasta as being spicy is off as it was not spicy and might benefit from more crab. Steak and brussels salad stand out.The chocolate budino with salt caramel was a great finish. It was a Monday night before Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, not too crowded as might be on a Friday-Saturday.Since moving out to the suburbs, my husband and I have had to defend our choice to our urbanite friends. Here are our reasons:1. We have eight times more space. 2. Both working from home, we would prefer to not actually be on each other's work calls. 3. Our dogs have their own personal dog park in our yard.4. The silence (comparatively).And when we still get asked questions like "but where do you EAT?", we respond with a wink: "we drive into the city". There are many, many good places to eat in the suburbs, but once a month anyway,  we make the big, bad drive in to the city (because it is usually late on the Saturday this takes us an easy thirty minutes). Some restaurants are not even worth that much time in the car, but RPM Italian is worth the drive. I made reservations two and a half months out for 7:30pm on a Saturday. This was our first night out as a married couple and the first Saturday after my husband's birthday, so this was going to be a pretty ceremonial dinner. The waitress brought us a prosecco toast for both celebrations and a homemade ricotta (with pomodoro) that was amazing. The bread served with it looked like it would be a hard french loaf, but was soft. The ricotta was served with a little olive oil, which made it taste even better than any ricotta I have ever had.The service was warm, but unobtrusive. We had a lot of information about the menu before we ordered and I think we ordered well. What we ordered (with comments):The special squash blossom appetizer, which was like the best mozzarella stick you've ever eaten. Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro with the gluten-free pasta, which you would never be able to tell was gluten-free by taste, and one meatball (because apparently you can order just one meatball on the side-- nice option). The Bone-in Ribeye, which came without a lot of garnishments and sauces; it was just a really nicely cooked steak, well-seasoned. Grilled Giant Prawns, which were very herb-y and needed the lemon that came with it sprayed all over it. Sautéed Broccolini, which was a nice complement. For dessert, we had this gelato-filled mocha crunch ball... so, so good. The thing about this meal is that I was full, but not stuffed. They were nice portions and, if you share the pasta, you get a nice sampling of a lot of flavors. The price of the meal is what completely surprised me. Our total bill was $163 with four cocktails added. Such nice pricing, nice service, nice food, nice environment. Well worth the drive in from the suburbs.My mother came into town and wanted to go to RPM -- big fan of the owner's reality show I guess. Meatballs were good because they were reminiscent of my grandmother's -- everything else just run of the mill Italian food. You could find similar quality food at any family-owned Italian restaurant/pizzeria. I could deal with the food being average to make my mother happy, but the place was incredibly overpriced and pretentious. 2 small salads, 3 app small plates, 3 pasta small plates, 1 pork small plate, 2 coffees, 2 desserts and 1 glass of wine....$200 bucks. The servers looked like models, but ours had absolutely no personality and I can't remember her smiling even once despite my father's repeated futile attempts to get her to do so.  Granted, his jokes are as dull as the Bears' offense (see what I did there?), but she could have made an effort to not act like she was doing us a favor. Speaking of favors people, do yourselves one and go down the street to Quartinos.Simply Perfect! Outstanding food, classy ambiance, reasonably priced....love it every time I go.I was beyond excited to go to RPM. I'm a huge G & B fan and was stoked for a nice evening out. Our server was super educated on the menu- friendly enough but not overly so. Between my mom and I, I feel like we tried most of the menu. I've read a lot of reviews about small portions, but our server started out by telling us that, and that the menu is meant to be 3-4 courses. I had the burrata with squash, ceasar salad, mama depandi's bucatini and bill's budino. My mom had the beet salad, kale salad, gluten free bucatini and chocolate sorbetto. We also had primitivo to drink. My mom adored her food and I enjoyed mine just fine. The experience was nice though. I would have loved to have seen one of the Rancics! Overall decent food, nice experience and very expensive. For the price, I'd probably try another place next time.Guiliana. Bill. You did me proud. Not only are you two an amazing inspiring couple, but you are also brilliant. RPM has lived up to its hype for sure. I was afraid I would be overdressed but thankfully I fit right in. What a fun place, lovvvvvved the high energy and trendy ambiance.  After being seated at a high table with bar stool-like chairs, I asked if we could have a normal lower table. They were quickly able to accommodate my request without the slightest bit of hesitation.  Loved our server. She knew her stuff and made excellent recommendations. Amazing service overall. Oh and the food???? Oh mi. Everything we got we uhhhhmazeballs ;) the risotto with white truffle shavings was phenom. The veal osso bucco was delish as well. Oh and the truffle garlic bread is a must. The servings were actually pretty big, I was expecting it to be smaller. I really loved RPM and am excited to come back again soon. The Rancics are geniuses. And yes, lettuce has entertained me once again.I've only been here once but I've been dreaming of returning ever since. It was one of the best meal's I've had in a LONG time.  I went with two friends and ordered A LOT of food and booze- we wanted to try everything. Let me tell you about my favorites:-The smoked ricotta cavatelli was my absolute favorite dish of the evening. It was creamy and the subtle smoked flavor was mind blowingly good. -The prime beef meatballs were basically melted in your mouth.- Polenta & poached egg was an amazing appetizer. I still dream about the dessert- the Bill's Chocolate Budino was a Salted caramel over like a chocolate mouse. I recently went to a different restaurant and ordered a similar salted caramel dessert and became immediately outraged that it was not like RPM's. (jk- kinda) I can't wait to return.Received a free dinner here sponsored by Bear Necessities, a Chicago version of Make a Wish, both great organizations FYI. Got VIP treatment here. Let me say it was excellent all the way around. We started out with appetizers which consisted of Lobster Cabrese which was low portioned for 7 people but hey we were eating at a classy place which is rare. We also had Ricotta Semolina Toast and Truffle'd Garlic Bread which if I had the choice I would go with the garlic bread cause it was awesome. After this we were brought out numerous VIP mini pizzas which were actually pretty good, I recommend the sausage cause it was the kill.After getting stuffed on appetizers we ordered out main course. I got the Chicken Parmesan which was excellent but the best was the Spaghetti with Meatball that my sister got. You could have literally just gotten the meatball, it was huge and tender which is every big mans dream.Deserts was a variety of things they brought out for us. Gelato, Bills Chocolate Budino, Tartufo (ice cream in a chocolate shell aka "dope"). My favorite was that Budino stuff, it was similar to a chocolate pudding but way better.If you have quite a bit of cash to drop at this place I recommend.Had a large group in separate room. We tried a lot do food. The food was superb. Service was excellent. I had one of the best steaks in my life.Came here on a Friday night with reservations at 530 for 5 people. My friend was running an hour late and we were still able to get seated (Thank God!). Hostess was kinda snobby but she was still accommodating. I like the ambiance of this restaurant because it is very intimate and trendy. The music selection (chill EDM) is really good too. Food:Truffled garlic bread- Delcious! Anything with truffle oil is amazing!Brussel Sprout salad- Good but I just wanted to try it, I'd like to save my appetite for more pastasHerb risotto (boyfriend's order)- Good/Mediocre. The flavor was mediocre and it was like I was eating arroz caldo/luggaw (filipino food) but I believe there were crispy sliced bacon pieces in there with mushrooms. I would want to try other pastas before re ordering this dish.MAMA DEPANDI'S BUCATINI POMODORO- YOU HAVE TO GET THIS. You can't come here and not order this. Seriously, this was the best pasta dish ever. It's pretty much like spaghetti. I ordered it with a giant meatball and it was De-freakin-licious. I'm having major withdrawals from this dish.  The pasta noodles are thick and it was cooked perfectly (al dente) and there was a right amount of sauce and seasoning. I would say it's just as good as pasta from Italy (Ive had pasta in Italy). There is so much flavor in this dish. I NEED/WANT/DREAM of coming back. For those of you who don't know, this place is owned by Guiliana and Bill Rancic. Too bad they weren't there! We need this in San Francisco!Booked my reservation two months in advance and as I walked in I thought, "damn this better be good."And damn it was. Thank goodness.First, this restaurant is huge. Lots of dining space and it's always packed, which is why it took so long to get a non-4pm reservation time. The tables are awkwardly close together, but I get it, closer they are, more table space they have and more tables they can seat and turn over. Got it.Also, it is very sleek, modern and swanky/sceney inside. If I was going back, I'd probably dress up a bit more because being in jeans, flats and a top made me feel like I was wearing a burlap bag to Nordstrom. Not necessary to dress up but it can look like the Viagara Triangle in there.Let's get to the food:-- Burrata with honey beets and honey = amazing. Really tasty and creamy, loved it. I've never had honey beets before (and am not a beet fan), but they were also very good with the honey-- 600-day prosciutto = Prosciutto anything is amazing but this was really light and tasty. I don't think I would rush to order it again, but am glad we did-- Truffle garlic bread = holy crap good. Truffle flavor wasn't overwhelming and really made it a nice little spin on traditional flat garlic bread. Recommend-- Prime Beef Meatballs = SO GOOD. The sauce was taste with it and just really nicely prepared. I don't know enough about meatballs to say much more than that.-- Mama DePandi's Pomodoro = One of my favorites. Was hesitant with the shout out to Giuliana's mom but damn mom knows her stuff. Noodles were perfectly prepared al dente and the sauce and basil were perfectly prepared and tossed with it. LOVED IT.-- Short Rib Pappardelle = Good but not memorable. Pappardelle was al dente to perfection but the short rib lacked some flavor. Not awful by any means but not something I would rush to have again.For desert, we had the Tartufo (very, very rich and hazelnutty) and donuts with nutella inside. No complains on the latter, it was our favorite of the two.Overall, I was really pleased and happy with what we ordered and would definitely go back to try a few more things on the menu.Unfortunately for RPM, it's surrounded by a lot of hype, and like many hyped-up restaurants, it falls a little short. Pros: impeccable service, good-looking waitstaff, great wine list, gorgeous restaurant, tasty foodCons: super loud clubby music, see-and-be-seen crowd (maybe you're into that), small pasta portions, hard to get reservationsWith a zillion Italian places in Chicago, it's hard to justify dropping that kind of dough for this place. TIP: the pasta portions are TINY. Either eat before hand or plan to order a lot of food. Or just don't bring your linebacker boyfriend.My recommendation--try it out for a special occasion. Just keep your expectations in check.Very trendy and nice environment. Good food. Great service at the bar since we didn't have reservation.Restaurant ReviewAnother pharm dinner in a private room. Luckily I did not have to foot the bill for this meal as it would be expensive for the amount of food you have to order given the tapas type menu similar to quartinos.Riccotta toast- interesting use of ingredientsTuna carpaccio- amazing flavors prepared just right with black garlicCalamari- fried to perfection, not too greasyGnocchi al forno- unfortunately this cooled over very quickly but still tasted goodBurrata cheese raviolli- great blend of cheese and the spicy tomato sauce was amazingShort ribs- small but full of flavor and cooked to perfectionStrozzapreti- pesto with anything is amazing, pesto with pine nuts is heavenlywhole grilled brazino- something about flaky fish just is a perfect addition to any meal There likely was other items eaten that night but we were so stuffed that dessert was skipped. Overall great experiencePro- Italian tapas type dishes, great ingredientsCon- Very expensiveHidden deal- NoneI wasn't sure how good the food would be given the celebrity status and the hype surrounding RPM, but I was pleasantly surprised. The food was fantastic.  For 4 people we ordered the truffle garlic bread, roasted beets, meatball appetizer, scallop and white bean entree, cavatelli pasta, short rib parpadelle, and seafood spicy pasta special. Everything was delicious.  Dessert was especially tasty with roasted figs and marscapone and an order of beignets (so light and fluffy). Highly recommend.I actually really like RPM. For some reason I didn't think I would, or didn't want to, but the food is good, the service is always good, and it's not expensive at all.  The crowd can be a little, um, eclectic, but RPM can't really control that.  They make the best Old Fashion in the city of Chicago. Seriously, it's delicious.  Also, the fig dessert is wonderful.  Honestly, I could probably have just an old fashion and the fig dessert and be a happy girl.  Aren't I a cheap date?!  The spare rib pasta is really yummy, as is the pork something or other with gigante beans.  The prosciutto paired with an order of the burrata is really tasty, both are good alone as well.  The service has always been great when I've been here.  They aren't imposing but are easy to get a hold of if you need something.It is incredibly loud at RPM though.  Good for a date spot if you get a booth and can sit thisclose to your date. Not so good for a business dinner, unless you also want to sit thisclose to your dining companion.  Or, you just don't care what they have to say.For the most part, I like Giuliana and Bill Rancic's television show (would like it better but they've gotten a little too self promotional and product placement-y in recent seasons)...a lot of it is filmed here in Chicago and they seem like genuine people (plus, I can personally relate to their struggle to have a baby) so I was interested to try "their" restaurant (especially since they were smart enough to partner with the Melman family).Unfortunately though, I have to report that RPM is just Really Pretty Mediocre. The food was not great (sorry Mama DePandi!), the service (including the valet which took FORever) was not great and the ambiance is nothing special. (Ben Pao was better on all fronts.)I think they'll continue to draw a tourist crowd at the restaurant thanks to G&B and even get a round of locals to try their RPM Steakhouse when it opens so that it too gets initial buzz but, IMHO, this restaurant isn't good enough to withstand the test of time...television show or not.Two parts to this- Experience: My friend came back into Chicago for her birthday and made a reservation for October in April. We were on time and still waited almost an hour to sit down. Getting to the bar is impossible at this point especially with only three bartenders on staff. They were very kind in giving us two nice complimentary appetizers (fresh ricotta/bread and zucchini) but I also told three staff members we were celebrating a birthday and after watching countless other tables have desserts with candles come out, we were overlooked. Maybe hire experience instead of looks.Food: Everything was good, not great. I noticed they have a tendency to layer on way too many spices especially in salads. We tried the meatballs, bucatini pomodoro, herb risotto, short rib pappardelle and the strozzapreti. The only stand-out was the short rib pappardelle. The herb risotto should be removed from the menu entirely. If you really want to visit, I recommend a couple appetizers, drinks and the desserts. We tried four and the rice pudding gelato was so incredible I can still taste it if I close my eyes and it made up for many flaws (notably Bill's Chocolate Budino which is a disaster). I just hope next time they put a candle in one of them.I HEART RPM! My lady loves took me here for an early birthday celebration. It was perfect. Everything from the decor to the food to the drinks to the service - all spot on. Short rib truffle oil farfalle, I will be dreaming about you tonight. Gnocchi, brussel sprouts, octopus, cheese plate - so delicious. Pomegranate gimlet, you rocked my world. Server was super sweet and gave great suggestions without being the slightest bit pushy. Crowd was nice. Can't wait to come back!Pretty good food, but I probably wouldn't go back, there are too many excellent options in Chicago!Wonderful!This was our second of two nights out in a year, and I love the Bill & Guilianna show so I've been wanting to try it so we got a reservation and went.It was PACKED, but the staff were friendly and professional.  It was a well oiled machine from top to bottom.  Everything was perfect.  It has a very modern and sharp decor.  We were sat promptly at our reservation time.  The service was excellent.  He helped us understand how they work, as it is not a traditional order your app, dinner and dessert meal.  He paced our choices with perfect timing and order - steak coming last...  We had a group of 4, I highly recommend going with a group because then you can try more things.  They are small plates.  We ended up ordering a lot of plates but were not stuffed at the end and got a few bites of everything - it was fabulous.  They knew the rules for fine dining, which I feel make it a most pleasant dining experience.  My only thing was it was a little loud - the music is pumping.  I am quiet suburbanite who never gets out though so it could be what everyone does now but we had to yell to talk to each other.  LOVE LOVE LOVE, can't wait to go back!Went there knowing the hype of a celebrity restaurant, but checked out the reviews on yelp and we were not disappointed. The pasta carbonara and pizza was fantastic. The chocolate ball was to die for. I didn't want the taste to leave my mouth. I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu. It was a bit difficult to get a seat at the bar walking in, so make a reservation or go on non peak hours.Unfortunately Bill and Giuliana weren't at the bar that night, but oh well (apparently they are there frequently). We'd made a reservation on a night we didn't think would be busy, but even with a reservation it was a 20+ minute wait for a non-bar table. At least they were very attentive and offered drinks at the bar. First of all, prices kinda shocked me. I really assumed the entrees would be in the high $20s to mid $30s; alas, no, and we soon found out why. Our first appetizer was the raw salami and cheese plate (totally forgot the name of it), which was delicious. The bread was acceptable, but wasn't complimentary, which was disappointing. I've been to similarly-priced places where the chef is so offended you don't order his bruschetta he makes it for free (his boss isn't too happy, I'm sure). A great modern Italian place needs a great Caesar salad. RPM's, sadly, was more show than anything else. It was literally vertical: the lettuce was on its side standing up with dressing and parmesan and anchovies on top of it. Looked great, a b***h and a half to cut and eat. It got messy. The dressing wasn't flavorful enough for my tastes, there were very few anchovies, and the "croutons" were fried tofu; not to my liking at all. To be honest, it remained a sour point.Then we found out why it's not very expensive: incredibly small portions. I had the lobster ravioli (divine), but it was over $20 for 5 average-sized raviolis. They were the best I've ever had, however. Not worth that much, but the lobster/ricotta filling was wonderful, and my friend's squid-ink spaghetti dish was "very authentic." Add in 2 drinks and all the appetizers, and it was almost $100 before tax and tip. Way too pricey for what you get. I'd say I almost went home hungry, and I'm the one who always takes home leftovers for tomorrow.I will note that our waiter was great. The RPM staff are all dressed wonderfully to match the modern and chic restaurant decor. I asked for recommendations from him, and he was so confident yet chill you'd think he was a friend of mine just telling it as it is, not some slightly scripted or hasty scramble to answer you get at some restaurants.  Strangely, the music was super loud, but I guess it gives the place a trendy lounge feel.Fantastic!  Everything from our server to our food was great! Our server walked us through the entire menu which was very helpful!  We were never rushed and felt very taken care of.  We had the meatballs, ricotta, and stuffed peppers for appetizers.  It was all wonderful.  The entrees were so fresh and flavorful as well.  We had the potato gnocchi, mama depandi's bucatini and rigatoni.  I recommend it all.  For dessert we had these donut like pastries that came with a Nutella sauce.  To die for!  We will definitely be back!I feel bad for people who live in River North.  A few miles north and sanity sets in.  If you're going to wait a long time for a restaurant, it has to be because IT'S A REALLY FREAKING GOOD RESTAURANT.  Meaning excellent, irreplaceable, must have food/drinks.  But in River North it appears that people wait forever for a table simply because other people of no particular importance are also waiting forever for said table.  Such is the case with RPM.We just wanted to grab a drink and a few apps at the bar on a Wednesday night around 6:30, but it was PACKED.  We waited, and waited, and drank, and drank, and didn't score an open bar seat for a full hour.  That is crazy to me on a Wednesday.  And considering the short, unimpressive drink list and super mediocre dishes we ended up with (recommended by the bartender, no less), I think you'd have to be insane to bother.  The meatballs were good, but come on, they're meatballs, it takes more skill to make them bad.  And the prosciutto stuffed pasta dish was bland.  We certainly won't be back.We took our son here for his birthday. He has been to RPM several times and had nothing but wonderful things to say about it. He was so right. As soon as I walked in I was struck by how beautiful it was. The noise level was perfect for conversation.  We ordered from the small plate menu and found the size was plenty for the 3 of us to share. This is not your run of the mill Italian fare. The food tastes like I was having a holiday dinner in my Nana's dining room. The biggest surprise came when we got the bill. I was expecting to pay twice as much. Great value. Great service. Wonderful experience on every level. Will be back soon.Food was good, but not amazing. If you go to an Italian restaurant a step above an Olive Garden, you'll find similar food. Prices on the food were inflated and even more so on the drinks. Customer service is amazing, just as it is with all other Lettuce Entertain You venue. I'd only go back for a special occasion other than my ownThis is one of my favorite places to go for a cocktail.  The drinks are all delicious.  I've eaten dinner here a few times, and think the food is good, but not amazing.  However, I would happily go back at anytime.  The ambiance is great, and I love the decor.  One of my favorite hang-out places in the neighborhood.  Definitely stop in for cocktails!My cousin is a Guiliana and Bill fan (I'd love to see how many people come here JSUT for that reason) so she wanted to eat here when she was in town. We were there early (445pm on a Friday night) but it was definitely filling up as we stayed for a bit.So when you walk in, my first thought was "If I was filing an episode of Sex In The City, I'd definitely film an episode here". That's absolutely the vibe. All of the decor is a very sleek black and white interior (with matching servers in black and white). Drink list, yum. The menu is definitely small plate based. My poor cousin's husband didn't believe the server when she told him this, and insisted on ordering a dish for them to share. They had some tortellini dish - with 6 tortellini. I guess he didn't realize that small plates equal small plates. So be prepared for that. Small means small.Fairly vegetarian friendly  - since there's pasta and flatbreads, you can get away with finding a few things to sample. I'd probably return - I came late to our dinner date, so I didn't feel that I got a good taste of what RPM really had to offer. Loved the general atmosphere though, and our server was very attentive (allthough it was early, so I'd be interested to see what service was like at 7:30pm on a Saturday night).This place has it all: simple yet brilliant pastas and main courses; succulent appetizers; genuinely outstanding management and service; a lack of hipstsers (somewhat); and heavenly wines.  The ambiance sets the tone, however, so let us delve into the evening of February 15th, 2014, followed with a description of just HOW GOOD the food was.On the day following your lonely St. Valentine's Day, you venture into this establishment on the word of good friends that you, an Italian, will be impressed by the food.  While they are ultimately correct, you do not know that yet.  All you know is that you have entered into what appears to be a steakhouse completed with sexy lighting and properly-attired servers and bartenders.  To your left, a dining room like you would expect for almost a fine dining restaurant and complete with its own back-bar to eliminate wait time on drinks for seated parties; to your right, a bar with high tables, booths, and staffed with plenty of bartenders.  You make your way toward the bar following the full service coat check to sample what you have read online: a wine from a ridiculously well-stocked wine list featuring specials in addition to favorites.At this point, panic sets into your soul when you realized the music playing either is or is based upon early 2000's club beat and hiphop.  Is this place just a dream?  You know if Usher walks through that door after you, then it most certainly is.  Thank God that he does not, so you collect yourself and move closer to the beautiful and large rectangular bar.  You are able to order the full menu at the bar; score.  However, you instead choose to await the arrival of your fellow diners for the evening with a selection from that wine list and shrug off the bass beat.  Perhaps early 2000's dance music is what keeps the hipsters at bay, you ponder.  No bother, you have your wine, and although recommended and poured for you by a bartender who displays her full forearm tattoo, the wine transitions you to your happy place where no one can annoy you.You have to be aggressive at this bar for a table on such a Saturday because tables are first come, first served.  This tends not to matter if you follow the old traditional rules of when people take seatings in the City for dinners. Thus, if you arrive at 6:45 in the hopes of getting a 7:00 or 7:30 table, you will likely succeed.  However, I suggest that you reserve a dining room table if that is not your style because being a vulture may annoy you because it constitutes work and annoys the people whose departure you await.Onto the food: the appetizers are well-done, simple Italian.  For the lighter fare, the garlic bread is not heavy but light and tasty with just enough pecorino to balance the garlic.  The 600-day prosciutto will entrance you so much that you wonder why you do not just stock the stuff at home.  (Oh, wait, because I eat it all as soon as I get home from the grocery store.)  The octopus lacks any fishy flavor at all; it tastes the way good frutti di mare should taste: like a buttery, rich, and tart protein.  And the meatballs, although simple, are not greasy at all...just that sweet pork and beef goodness set in a simple pomodoro and topped with still more pecorino.From there to the main course, our party sampled the pappardelli, the gnocchi, the carbonara, and the cavatelli.  Each had the correct portion size--not the "fat American" size.  As we sampled each others' plates, it became clear that the pappardelli and carbonara were the clear favorites.  The pappardelli had the richness you would expect, but again lacked the grease that a cheaper version of it would have.  Its base was again that lovely pomodoro, which the chef had reduced to coat the pasta generously but not sloppily.  The carbonara was REAL carbonara rather than what shitty restaurants do, which is pass off an over-glorified and incorrect alfredo as carbonara.  No, this was the real deal complete with an egg broken and mixed tableside.  Perfetto!!  The gnocchi were expertly crafted and their sausage and cream-based sauce coated them expertly as well, but the other two plates were just out of this world and blew away both it and the cavatelli.As for dessert and coffee, RPM does not cut corners on the smaller things.  I had the gelato coated with chocolate hazelnut crust of sorts.  It was like biting into a super-chocolaty ice cream ball coated with a "Crunch" candy bar...with hazelnut.  If you're more traditional like I am, then you will be pleased to know that they have the full espresso bar complimented with a wide selection of ports and dessert wines.  Get a spoon or fork for everyone at the table if you get this.I need not comment on the service other than to say it was excellent.I do not usually think very highly of a non-neighborhood Italian place, but RPM Italian achieved the quality control of a 10-table venue with a chic, quasi-fine-dining experience.  Well done!Always a treat. One of my favorite Lettuce Entertain You restaurants, and that's saying something. Great food, good cocktails, friendly people.It's been several days since my visit and I'm still dreaming of the prosciutto tortellini and the steak. Everything was decadent and delightful. I honestly can't say enough good things about this place. I will say, though, that if Open Table says there are no reservations, it's still worth giving them a call. It's most likely they'll have a few spots available for both call-in and walk-in customers.Yum! This place was soooo good!! My boyfriend made reservations several weeks before we went to Chicago so we had no issues getting in. We also went during the Chicago Marathon so everything was packed. We arrived about 30 mins early on Sunday so we had a drink at the bar. The Americano Cobbler... Oh My!! Honestly one of the most refreshing and perfectly blended drinks I've ever had! We were escorted to our table just a little before our reservation time. If you are looking for a big hearty bowl of rich Italian pasta, this is not the place for you. The portions are very light and small. Lucky for us we weren't starving. I ordered the Maine Lobster Ravioli, my boyfriend had the filet and we shared a side of whipped garlic potatoes. The food came out so incredibly fast!! It tasted very fresh and delicious, not like it had been prepared in advance and reheated which is impressive for the prompt delivery to our table. The steak was tender and delicious! My ravioli was light and yummy but I'd likely order something different next time. Not because of the plate itself, it's just less my style. The whipped potatoes weren't amazing but were good. For dessert we ordered a mint chip ice cream that was on special. I'm not generally a dessert guru but I couldn't keep my spoon out of it! I would definitely go back!Let me start off by saying yes, I will return.  Let me follow up by saying, the only reason it did not get 5 stars was our server was hard to track down at times (critical times, like when we needed more wine and martinis) and he did one stupid thing that ticked us off.  When our pasta came, we wanted some bread for the table.  Many minutes went by and we were unable to find our waiter, and since he never came by for the obligatory "how is everything" I asked a kindly bus boy for some bread.  He immediately brought us two heaping plates of bread and a side of olive oil for dipping.  We were thrilled- yes, thrilled- over bread.  It doesn't take much!  Our waiter finally comes by, sees the oil, and tells the bus boy to remove the oil from the table.  My friend had no sooner dipped her bread into the oil than it was ripped away from us.  It felt so odd and awkward.  We felt like we were being punished or something. It was one of the strangest things ever!We had a table of 10 women, all eating and drinking.  We were ordering bottles of wine, individual glasses of wine, martinis, and lots of food.  So you can imagine how snuffed we felt over the silly olive oil.  I mean, our bill wasn't in the double digits anymore, Toto. We spent many hundreds of dollars and the damn 1/4c worth of olive oil wasn't going to bankrupt the restaurant.  I have to say the bus boy wound up being more attentive and in the end, more customer service orientated than was our waiter.  I hope next time I come by this bus boy is a waiter- I think he "gets it."Luckily my friend marched right up to the hostess and complained and the hostess had 2 cups of olive oil brought to our table immediately. Thank you bus boy and hostess!!! :)Other than that, the ambiance is AWESOME!  It was so sleek and modern and also cozy.  I loved that the waiters were relatively easy to spot in their bright white jackets.  It's one of those trendy restaurants that you don't feel uncomfortable or out of place in- ya know what I mean?The food was FABULOUS!!!! We had an appetizer which was mozzerella cheese with tomatoes, basil and some sort of chutney or jelly.  It was off the chain!!We also shared a cheese platter as well a garlic bread topped with parmasiagn cheese.I also had the wedge salad with the BEST crutons of my life.  I'm still talking about these crutons... I've never had something like it.I ordered the pasta with the boar sausage- um... talk about AMAZEBALLS!!!!We ended the meal with mini ice cream cones/gelato- complete with candles and a joyful round of "happy birthday" for the guest of honor. I LOVE Bill and Guiliana and honestly I just think they are two really sweet, good people.  I was so excited to finally dine at RPM and I will absolutely return.  I think I might bring my boyfriend next time!!  :)Let's all slow down a little about RPM - it's not all that. Sure, it felt like the restaurant in the Matrix with all the pretty people measuring me up while I was being taken to my table. (Remember the Merovingian?) It really is a great atmosphere (formerly Ben Pao), but I'm there to eat which is where things go south. Started with some appetizers including the fried olives, lobster caprese and mediterranean octopus. All were nice with complimentary bread. The wedge salad ($13) was nice as was Giuliana's Italian Salad ($11) which was split between the ladies in the group. My problem was with the "entrees" and their size. I ordered the butternut agnolotti ($14) which was barely more than an appetizer itself. Finished in 60 seconds. So I ask for the menu again and order the Strozzapreti (arugula pesto with pine nuts) ($10), still quite small by even European standards. Also, I don't want to share my plate as was suggested by our tatted waitress. I want to walk away full, but not uncomfortably so. As for my dining companions, my lovely girlfriend ordered the Maine Lobster Ravioli ($15) which again was meager. The prime beef meatballs ($9) looked pretty good, however, I did not try them. All in all, the portions are incredibly small and underwheling. In my humble opinion the buzz behind RPM is hyped due in large part, if not entirely, because of the Rancics who I suppose are stars.After getting a reservation within a week, I was so excited to try it!  I had been wanting to go since it opened.I had Mama Depandi;s dish, and my boyfriend had the Carbonara.  Both dishes were delicious.  We did start out with some bread and ricotta which was really good as well.The atmosphere is comfortable and contemporary, the service was excellent!!!One star goes to my server; who was knowledgeable, and the glass of wine she brought me. Other than that, this place is such a "lose" in my book.Huge fan of the Rancics, LEYE, and Italian food -- so this, in theory, should have been great. Here's the run down:Hostess - zero sense of hospitality. Didn't make eye contact, didn't feel welcomed, zero effort in the greeting.Table - nice. Restaurant is modern and large. Tons of white-coated servers, huge staff. Food - "meant to be shared" is one thing. But with the unacceptably small portion sizes, we weren't sharing: we were fighting over the scarce amount of food. Small plates are cool, but price them accordingly. On no planet should a salad the size of a McDonald's $1 side salad be priced at $11. On no planet should pasta that's smaller than a serving of E-Z mac be $10. Italian food that's meant to be shared is also meant to be hearty: meatballs as big as a softball. Pasta trays that can barely be picked up and passed around they are so heavy. At RPM, you better order one of everything and bring your checkbook if you plan on leaving anywhere near satiated.Here's what we had:Giuliana's salad - glorified tossed salad with a few pieces of salami that is extremely difficult to share.Giuliana's mom's pasta, the bucatini pomodoro - good flavor. Portion size less than a fist-full. Eggplant Parmesan - so sub par I can't even believe it. Had better from Trader Joe's.Prime rib meatballs - sound way better than they were.Skipped dessert, which was a gelato that I'm sure they scoop with a melon-baller and call it a portion.I feel bad for all the people filling up this restaurant because they think it's trendy. I'd recommend 100 other places in the city for "Italian" before this. Will never return and will never recommend.Dear Bill and Giuliana*-Stopped in the other night to say hi!  I'm sure you didn't see me as I couldn't get within 4 people of the bar and there were people coming out of the woodwork everywhere.  Love what you've done with the place . . .all that white must be hard to keep clean but it looked cool and contemporary.  I'm sure had we seen you- we wouldn't have been able to catch up anyway given how loud it was in the place!Since we couldn't find you, we decided to sit right on time for our reservation.  The person you must have sent over to take care of us was efficient but not particularly friendly.  She told us portion sizes were small but in reality- they aren't.  So we ordered way too much food- but the good thing is that orders are paced so our lamb osso bucco entree was never submitted.  She was obviously trying to turn our table which just made one in our group move more slowly.Loved the chacuterie and cheese plates- our choice of 4 each was a great way to start.  Must have an Italian meatshop in the back as that salami was delicious!  And those meatballs?  Grandmas recipe never tasted better!As for those pastas?  We ordered a range including the pomodoro, lobster ravioli and risotto but none of them were really remarkable or made any of us say we had to come back here for more.  That was the problem with our whole visit . . .it wasn't special.We did, however LOVE what you served for dessert.  It looked like a giant chocolate meatball!  May I also suggest you lose the disinfecting spray that was used to clean our table between dinner and dessert?  Made me feel like I was in a diner versus being at your special place.Your prices were reasonable- dinner for 4 only ran around $220 with drinks which was surprising to all of us as we had plenty of food to eat AND to take home!  Thanks again for inviting us to dine with you.  Think we'll wait a while to stop back in when the crowds abate and when the whole attitude of the place says "come back, we value your business" which it haughtily does not right now.   And when we can sit and linger for awhile. Sincerely-Carol K* Bill Rancic (The Apprentice) and Giuliana . . . ownersThe food is good but a little pricy.  I like getting here early and sitting at the bar while throwing back a few martinis.  The menu provides a mix of small and large plates -great for sharing.  For some reason, we always have to wait for our reserved table.I'm a little on the fence about RPM. On one hand, I liked most of the food, but the "scene" is not really my style, especially at the bar, where it's a version of the bros that hang in Wrigleyville, except with more disposable income. I got to experience some of that while I was waiting for my friend to arrive for our recent dinner there.I got there a bit early, so I bellied up to the bar to enjoy a cocktail while I waited for her. The cocktail list wasn't all that impressive, so I stuck with my current go-to cocktail of a Tom Collins instead of one on their list. The bartender wasn't all that friendly and the drink was not good. In fact, I'm fairly sure it was made with lime juice; it certainly didn't taste like any Tom Collins I've ever had before.My friend got there and we were shown to our table. The dining room is very elegant and dramatic, and even at 5:30 (the only reservation time we could get on a Monday night!), it was quite crowded.Our waiter was jovial and gave us some guidance on the menu, and its focus on "shared plates." I have to say, I'm really over this trend in food. When portion sizes are barely big enough for one person, how the heck are you supposed to share? Much to my chagrin, it looks like this trend shows no signs of letting up.Anyway, we zeroed in on lobster caprese salad, the truffled garlic bread that everyone raves about, fritto misto, roman-style artichokes, and the duck agnolotti.Things began arriving. As expected, the lobster caprese was ridiculously small: three tiny pieces of lobster, three or four grape tomatoes and three mozzarella balls. While it was very fresh, beautifully presented, and tasted delicious, it was barely more than a taste for each of us. And it was $16!!! I will say that the truffled garlic bread was a generous portion, and in this case, it was almost too much of a good thing as it was very rich.The fritto misto was fried calamari, shrimp, and some pieces of asparagus, and served with a lemon aioli. We both enjoyed this but I don't think either of us were blown away, but really, fried calamari and shrimp can only be so bold. The artichokes were quite tasty and I would definitely order those again.The duck agnolotti was also a small portion and this served as my friend's main course so I didn't try it. I was still hungry so I ordered the poached egg over polenta with shaved truffles. This dish was a disappointment. First of all, it was about 30 seconds undercooked so the white of the egg was still clear. Ick. I probably should have sent it back but I didn't. I just kind of ate around it. I didn't get much of the earthy truffle flavor, in fact, this dish didn't have a lot of flavor at all.I was anticipating dessert, but again, none of the selections seem worth the calorie splurge, so I declined. My friend opted for the rice pudding gelato. In hindsight, I wished I would have tried it as it sounded intriguing. She must have liked it because she ate all of it.I liked RPM enough to give it a second chance, so stay tuned.Note: One bathroom for both genders. Meaning one room with one toilet/sink/ mirror to be shared by the entire venue. After the suspenseful season of Giuliana and Bill and with great anticipation Bill has successfully convinced Giuliana to open Italian cuisine restaurant inspired by Mama Depandi's homemade recipes  in the great WINDY CITY-- WHOOO hoo! ...... With the great buzz around the city and it was game on! Now I'm not a food critic of any sort. I'm just a woman who enjoys food- good food at the least! I love the Rancics I really do -- I'm just not a fan of the food selection on the RPM menu. This place had everything: The art deco was very chic. Black and white and very sophisticated.  The servers ARE THEY models or What? Tall, slim, fancy in their black and white NY fashion runway server outfits! DJ spinning music, the drinks were right on!!!! The food? The food? Well it was missing-- a huge portion. Heres the problem: although they chose Chicago as the location for RPM the serving portion is for California. Tiny... tiny... itty bitty over priced tapas "italian" style size. The food was bland and lacked red sauce love! I was extremely disappointed. I was excited to try Italian dishes inspired by mama Depandi but this menu was truly revised by cooperate head honchos!  I truly wish the case was that i just did not get a chance to order more than one or two dish and didn't get to experience the menu in its entirety  but thats not the case. I was accompanied with five other guest and we ordered appetizers and main dishes and desserts swopping each dish around the table  to fully get a full taste of the menu-- instead we continued to order drinks to accompany our meal. Great atmosphere for drinks and desserts but as for tapas Italian dishes.... they just didn't pull it off! sorry guys! Price: $$$It was my first time visiting Chicago from Boston so I had to try out RPM and it definitely didn't let me down.  Being 100% Italian I am always skeptical about eating Italian food out but this place didn't disappoint one bit.  I was with 4 friends and each dish was so yummy.  Here is what we ordered for the table to share.Zucchini Friti, yummy fried pieces of zucchini which were tasty with a great dipping sauce.Fried olives, whats not to love about thoseRoman-Style Artichokes, they were grilled and just so tasty!!!!Tuscan Kale, Heirloom Spinach, I absolutely Loved this salad.  Simple with a lemon herb dressing and roasted peppers.For my meal I got Short Rib Pappardelle and the sauce was perfect, pieces of short ribs melted in your mouth and there were chunks of tomatoes that were a nice touch to the dish.  You could taste that the pasta was homemade and that's what made it even better and felt like the chefs actually took their time to prepare the dish.  My friends ordered, Eggplant Parmesan, Spaghetti & Meatballs (the meatball was HUGE and was cooked to perfection) and Prosciutto Pansotti.Dessert time....Black Mission Figs with Mascarpone cheese is all I have to say.  AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG.The best part of the night was Guiliana and Bill came in for dinner and sat right across from us to celebrate their wedding anniversary!!  They seemed super chill and were taking pictures with everyone.  Such a great couple and an inspiration to all!!  Thanks RPM for great food!!!  Definitely check this place out if you want a great atmosphere, cool music and yummy food!!  Make reservations because it is a happening place.RPM is one of the hottest restaurants in Chicago right now...but does it live up to the hype? Well...The decor is just fabulous. It is the epitome of urban chic. You could take this restaurant and drop it into New York or LA and not know the difference. The lighting was very well done, and they have these long, luxurious curtains that I just loved.  Gorgeous. The look is versatile enough that it is a great place for a girls night out, a business dinner, a rehearsal dinner, a happy hour or a fun date. At 6pm, the place was packed. All of the beautiful people were out and it is definitely a scene. A place to see and be seen. If you have some cute new shoes and you want to show them off, this is the place to go.The food however, was good solid food with quality ingredients, but I wasn't blown away. The food is small-plates Italian food, and it's good, but not off-the-charts excellent. My dining partners agreed. We ordered several items, including the 600-day Prosciutto (tasty), the homemade Ricotta with Semolina toast (eh...), the shredded brussels sprouts salad (tasted way too healthy for my liking) the roasted mushrooms (could have made them better at home), the Bucatini Pomodoro (ok), and the the Duck Agnoletti (just ok). The best dessert was the hazelnut Tartufo, which was literally like a frozen Ferrero Rocher candy - hazelnut gelato covered with a dark chocolate shell, sprinkled with hazelnuts. You need a knife to cut it. If you are a hazelnut fan, you would love this dessert.  That was my favorite item of the evening.  I would go back, but mainly for the ambiance.  The prices were actually pretty fair, especially for the prime location. If Yelp had 1/2 stars, I would give it a 3 1/2. It's worth a visit for the decor alone - it's a cool place to hang out.Who says bigger is better?Um...that would be me.And yes, I am talkin' about food. This is yelp for crying out loud.To be honest, the small plate thing is semi-lost on me. Especially since it is always said that small plates are designed to be shared. How does this make sense? Isn't it more logical that an overloaded plate of food is more easily shared? Remember in "Sixteen Candles" when Long Duk Dong said, "This place is so confused.."? Again...that would be me. Not that anything is wrong with RPM...the food was good, the service was cordial. I'd certainly go back. I'm just not a huge fan of this kind of dining. My DC and I ordered the lobster caprese salad (which we were megageeked about trying), the truffled garlic bread, fritto misto (fried shrimp/calamari), the fried artichoke, the duck agnolotti, the poached egg with polenta, and the rice pudding gelato. The lobster caprese salad and the duck agnolotti were really small portions...esp. the salad...barely shareable. Although the garlic bread could have easily fed a family of 5. Everything else was reasonably shareable - good for 2 or maybe 3 people to have a few good bites (although DC kindly let me eat all the gelato myself - she's the best). Everything was tasty - no complaints - but gluttony is my favorite deadly sin, and I felt a little too "good girl" here. I hate it when that happens.3.5 stars rounded to 4.Fantastic venue, trendy, upscale, lively, great service, amazing selection of wines....we had an incredible evening.  I read reviews that said there was "loud thumping club music", simply not the case, electronica/current music softly playing the background low enough for a seductive conversation to take place is more like it...The meat and cheese tray - fantasticTortellini - heavenlySpaghetti and Meatballs = Classic but not overdoneOverall, fantastic experience, sexy, delicious, would absolutely come again and again.OK - so I had no idea what RPM was and happened to go based on a suggestion from a colleague.  I hate to sound corny but RPM is COOL.  It was a very sexy laidback feel and the food is very good.  Our waitress was OK, but other than that.. the vibe was relaxed and the music was awesome.  It wasn't loud - but you could hear it well enough where you felt like you were in between a restaurant and lounge. The portions are small but perfect sized and honestly who wants to go out and eat like a beast when you're out and everyone is decked out and having a good time.  The tuna tartare appetizer was delicious.  I ordered the pumkin agnolotti and thought that was pretty good.  Definitely check it out!Love, Love, Love!Went last night for my 31st (gasp) birthday and loved every second.The ambiance was cool and contemporary and made dinner a total "going out" experience.  Our waiter, Chris A., was excellent and guided us through the menu. He paced our meal and let us eat over the course of 2.5 hours.   There were 6 of us, so we were able to sample many dishes.  The standouts were the bread with ricotta, Guiliana's salad, Mama DePandi's pasta and the 32oz bisteca! Dessert is always my favorite part and Bill's Budino is where it's at. Some sort of chocolate concotion covered with salted Carmel.  OMG I died and went to heaven!  Chris also brought over 3 mini gelato cups with a candle for my birthday! Adorable!The only thing that could make it better would be if my besties B&G could have joined me!My boyfriend and I brought my newly engaged sister and her fiancé here for dinner on a Sunday night. The hostess attempted to seat us in a tucked away, corner table outside of the main dining area. It was awful, and there was no view at all of the restaurant. I asked if we could be seated elsewhere, and she said no. I then told her that I had booked over a month ago, and she said "yeah well so did everyone else" with a bitchy attitude. I didn't wait a month to be seated in a sectioned off, secluded corner. It wasn't until I mentioned that we were celebrating my sisters engagement that she moved us to prime seating-one of the big booths in the main dining area. The food was good, not great. They did bring out a candle lit dessert for my sister and fiancé which was very nice. Overall---it didn't live up to the hype, and the pretentious attitude was a real turn off.We had high expectations for RPM coming in... a few friends had been already and raved, plus it is currently the hottest spot in the city and its almost impossible to get a reservation. Hence why we had a 4:00 Sunday reservation, no big deal, it was a late lunch for us.We came in famished and thirsty! I started with a Ginger beer cocktail that was delicious and my husband started with a Stella. Off the bat, I'll note that the the drink menu is a bit pretentious... and I consider myself well versed in food language and culture.The menus was easier to read and is distinctly separated - top half is perfectly sized Italian style tapas if you will - great for sharing and starting your meal. We opted for quite a few; the plate of 4 salumis, the meatballs, the fried olives stuffed with cheese and/or sausage, and the truffle garlic bread. 3 of the four salumis were great - we didn't like the pistachio mortadella because you couldn't taste the pistachio at all. The meatballs were FANTASTIC, really tender and succulent and surrounded by one of the best marinaras I've had outside of my Italian grandmothers kitchen! the olives were boring - they lost their brininess and bite by being fried. And the truffle garlic bread was nothing special - and you definitely could not taste the truffle on it.We also ordered two of the pastas; the Spicy king crab and the short rib pappardelle. We liked the Spicy King Crab better; it was a squid ink pasta with a spicy sauce and king crab meat - but even that had an overly fishy taste to it, like the crab wasn't fresh. The pappardelle was rather boring and there was something off about how they cooked the fresh pasta.We would give the restaurant another chance for the food, as there were many other menu items that we thought sounded good but didn't get to order, but I think one of the most disappointing things was the overall service. We have eaten at every other Lettuce Entertain You restaurant, and the attentiveness, knowledge, and approachability of the staff is a signature of all of them. The staff here came off pretentious, unfriendly, burdened by any request, and overall unwelcoming.PRO's - 4 of my seven dishes were great! They also send you to a GREAT bar to wait and text your cell when the table is ready. COOL STUFF.CONS - 3 of my seven dishes were not great. Pricey. I think I spent over 200 for 2 people.I went during the practice opening, so some good and some bad. The good was my bill cost me tip only, but that's a deal that's not available anymore now that they're open for real.The bad:The hostess stand. A box stuffed with hot chicks, and no one actually making things happen. Gorgeous hostesses not bad to look at, of course, but get some that can multitask. My friend and I got called for our table, and then stood around, juggling coats (to their credit, they did offer a coat check) and drinks waiting for a table . . .. . . that was not ready yet. Cleaned off it was, but while we were sitting there, and hoisting our drinks while getting a nose full of Windex smelling stuff. A clean table is not a bad thing, but it should have been finished before we sat down.It just seems like another glossy, interchangeable "see and be seen" restaurant in River North. Nothing stands out. Nothing really awful, but nothing really distinctive either.Salumi. When the fuck did this trend happen?! It's SALAMI and it's one of my favorite things. Seriously, there's nothing I love better than biting into a juicy, chewy, salty chunk of goodness. Let it be said that the salami here was very good, and the portion was fairly generous. I just feel pretentious ordering "salumi", which is why I always call it "SALAMI", which it is.The good:The bar/bartender. Chatty, cute bartender mixing up some delicious drinks. I'd come back here to hang out at the bar.The interior. The small bar in the dining room was great, very chic. The interior was very well done, it just wasn't that interesting. Sleek, chic, shiny . . . I have to say it's well done, I just like a bit of interesting shabbiness. But, for what it is . . . the good.The food. Perfectly done. My Filet Mignon was well done (actually medium rare, how I like it, but it was very nicely cooked . . . not well done).Our WAITER. Sweet, cute, friendly, awesome Kept us entertained, knew about the food. Giggled when I said "Salumi, hmm. We'll have the SALAMI."I'm not sure I'd rush back here, except to have a drink at the bar. When I have $30 in my pocket for two drinks . . . in other words, not any time soon.Love RPM. Our most recent visit was just impeccable. Our waitress was knowledgable, incredibly honest, and very attentive when someone in our party had a nut allergy.Bests:Lobster ravioliPrime rib beef meatballs - felt like they have been much better than when I first tried them over a year agoProvolone-stuffed peppersTartufo for dessertShort rib pappardelleOther notables:Roasted porciniMama DePandi's bucatiniProsciutto-wrapped figsCharred pepperoni pizzaI just wish they would bring the poached egg polenta back on the menu! That was my absolute favorite dish there.I hate to say this because I do love Giuliana and Bill and was really looking forward to trying out their new place, but, it was extremely disappointing.  If you want to go out on a Friday or Saturday night with the girls, and are into scene-y trendy bars that bumps club music, then this place is for you.  If you are actually trying to have a good meal with good service, steer clear.We made reservations for 9 p.m. on a Saturday night.  We got there at quarter to 9, and were handed a buzzer and told to wait for our table.  9 o'clock came and went, 9:15, finally at 9:30 we were led to our table which hadn't really been cleaned.  I'm sorry but if I make reservations at a certain time, I expect to be seated at that time.  Is that asking for too much?So we are finally seated and ordered a bottle of wine.  The wine glasses came but the wine didn't.  So we waited, and waited, and waited for that to come.  Finally we ordered some apps which were decent.   We had the meatballs, arancini, and polenta with the poached egg.  The meatballs weren't hot, they were lukewarm at best, and if you don't eat the polenta within 3 minutes of it being served to you, it gets freezing cold and is not very appetizing.  The arancini were probably the best part of the apps.I asked our server about the portion sizes for the pasta entrees, because they were priced similarly to the appetizers and I had read other reviews on here about them being small.  She told me they were a "handful" of pasta meant to be shared.  If I hadn't had asked her and we had just ordered two for our entrees, we definitely would've been disappointed so please don't expect the waitstaff to be helpful in explaining the menu.  She also forgot to tell us the special for the night, oops.  The pastas came, we ordered Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro which was very good, the Short rib papardelle, another delicious choice, and the wild boar sausage which was also good.  By that time we were pretty full so we didn't get to try any of the seafood entrees, but a neighboring table had the giant prawns which looked great.For dessert we had the chocolate ice cream which was wrapped in a hard chocolate shell with hazelnuts.  If you love hazelnuts definitely get this dessert, it's big enough for at least 3 or 4 people to share.So overall, the fact that we waited a half hour to be seated, combined with the poor service, definitely made me not have any desire to come back to this place for dinner, in addition to the food being just ok.  If I'm spending 200 bucks on a meal I expect a little bit more.  Half of the place is a bar also (hence the club music blasting) so if you want to stop by and have drinks with your girlfriends, catch a glimpse of Giuliana and Bill (they were there) and if the scene-y L.A. vibe is your thing, then by all means go and enjoy!  If you expect good service and the food to be better than just ok for the price you're paying, steer clear and save your money for the multitude of other amazing restaurants in Chicago.Just Ok. I have been to Italy and my parents are European so, I have been fortunate to have experienced an elevated level of food. You are not Topo Gigio nor a Club Lucky in quality and authenticity. Sadly, the frito misto - fried fish was the tables favorite dish and we didn't even order it! they accidently served us.........Not going back. Hello Enoteca Roma, Rose Angelis, Club Lucky and Topo you are my love and I will never stray again!I love the atmosphere from 8pm to 11 pm. Try 600 daus procuito, it is amazing. Pizza, pasta and salads are super good.  However,  this restaurant is not a steak place, so don't order one. ;)I absolutely loved the food here. The pricing was ridiculously reasonable, and cheaper than an Italian restaurant in LA that I adore called Il Pastaio.  I went with three of my girlfriends, and we ordered the Lobster Caprese, Chicken Liver Crostini, Giuliana's Italian Salad to start.  I loved all of them and the portions are satisfying.  For entrees the four of us shared the Maine Lobster Ravioli, Short Rib Pappardelle and Corn Agnolotti.For a dessert we had the Tartufo, which is a must-have when you go there.  Imagine a gigantic Ferrero Rocher, but with hazelnut ice cream inside - insanely delicious.  For drinks, I had a dirty martini (made very well), my sister had a glass of a great Cabernet Sauvignon and I'm pretty sure my two friends both had the Lower Door.  The ambiance was great.  If you've ever visited STK in LA or Vegas, the decor is quite similar.  My only gripe was the hostess, who looked like she didn't want to be there at all, refused to seat us until our entire party was present even though the restaurant was empty (we were only able to get a 4:30pm reservation) and didn't offer us to have  seat at the bar while we wait.  Other than that, RPM Italian is a great place to visit while you're in town.Met up for a late dinner with a few girlfriends after work. We walked in and was lucky enough to find a table at the bar even though the wait for a table was over an hour. The high top tables was a bit difficult for a group of four but we made it work. The waitress told us that the meals were small plates so we ordered a few appetizers because we were quite hungry. I ordered the truffles garlic bread after reading yelp tips. It was good but better eaten with my meal than alone as an appetizer. The grilled octopus was divine. It has a smoky flavor and honestly, I almost thought I was eating a meaty bacon. The outer pieces were crisp and grilled to perfection. It was served with chickpeas and arugula. My entree? Mama's Bucatini. A simple meal with so much flavor. Usually when I order a pasta dish, I add a little cheese it maybe a few red pepper flakes but this needed NOTHING! It was wonderful as is and I ate every drop! I really hope to get back to RPM before I leave here on Tuesday. Sad thing is, I don't want to try anything else. I want to eat the exact same foods because I enjoyed the dishes so much.My friend got our group of five reservations for 7:00 on a Thursday night.  After grabbing drinks next door, we headed to RPM and were seated immediately by a friendly hostess.  We weaved through the crowd in our heels (that we felt obligated to wear) and made our way to our elevated booth between the bar and the private party room.  This offered a perfect view to watch the young, beautiful professionals gathering around the bar area.  The place was packed, but in a good way.  The club music was at a perfect volume and added a nice touch to the trendy atmosphere.We started out with a bottle of Prosecco and our own individual drinks.  Their drink list was very well-rounded and surprisingly reasonable.  We all sampled each others' drinks which included wine and several different cocktails, and were very satisfied.We started our eats with the lobster caprese (totally worth it, but not enough to share among a group of 5) and the truffled garlic bread (DELISH!).  We moved on to the fried zucchini and calamari, which were both pretty standard.  I do not eat meat, but everyone was raving about the Arancini, and the newly-added fried olives were very tasty.The main plates we also shared and passed around.  The Spicy King Crab was not as spicy as I would have liked/expected, but the squid ink spaghetti used was an adventure (if you don't like strong seafood tastes, don't venture here).  The Potato Gnocchi was also well reviewed (again, didn't try b/c of meaty-ness), but Mama DePandi's Buscatini Pomodoro was BY FAR my favorite.  We also had the lobster ravioli (about one raviolo per person) was tasty, but not ground-breaking. We ended our gourging with some complimentary birthday ice cream, all served in bite-sized cones (which were adorable) and the flavors were unadulterated and spot-on, especially the chocolate and pistachio.Service here was phenomenal (major props to our server, Theresa).  We are a relatively young and lively group (all under 25) but were treated with the same respect as the other patrons.  Overall, my experience exceeded my expectations.Where do I start !? First off the service was way beyond my expectations. Very friendly service and willing to go above and beyond for the customers. One thing I really enjoyed was the atmosphere! The music was on point and lighting was perfect. The food we ordered was AMAZING. Obviously we had to try mama di pandis bucatini, witch was out of this world !! By far the best meal I've had out in a long time. Will defiantly be going back here next time I come to Chicago !!Hole-in-the-wall Italian? Not so at RPM -- expect nothing but class and jazz. Dress to impress and get ready to feast at this River North hotspot.Everything from start to finish far exceeded any expectations of a 'celebrity' restaurant. They know their stuff (food and wine) and the presentation (atmosphere and waitstaff) is phenom!The thing I adore about RPM is that they have portion control. You walk out full yet not so stuffed. I highly recommend the 600-day proscuitto, a pizzette (both a great) and any of the pastas. I was drooling over all of themGreat place for a girls night out or hot date on the town. Dress to impress and be prepared for some amazing people watching.Cool trendy place, good for mid to late 20s, early 30s crowd. If you come here on a weekend night, you will likely see people dressed up in clubbing clothes sipping cocktails by the bar area. This place has only been opened for 4 months, the food is great and service is excellent. I went on a Saturday night at 10pm for drinks and dessert, and couldn't help it but make another reservation the next day for dinner to try their dishes. Appetizers:1. Prime beef meatball - so, so tender2. Brussel sprouts salad - crunchy to the taste3. Truffle oil garlic bread - must be one of the best garlic breads I've tried!Dishes for sharing:1. Short ribs pappardelle (s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com…) - the short rib in this dish was delicious, the sauce perfectly complements the pasta 2. Maine lobster ravioli (s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com…) - I had high expectations for this, but it was actually so-so, the pasta was a little too tough for me3. Potato Gnocchi (s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com…) - so soft and melts in my mouth Dessert:1. Affogato float (s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com…) - house-made cold pressed espresso, SO. YUMMY.2. Bill's chocolate budino (s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com…) - salted caramel chocolate pudding, a little too sweet for my taste3. Tartufo - basically a giant Ferrero Rocher, if you are a fan of that you would LOVE this4. Strawberry carpaccio - thinly sliced strawberries topped with semifreddo, perfectly sweetened, definitely one of my favorites If you are here for the first time, I would recommend the - Prime beef ball- Truffle oil garlic bread- Short ribs pappardelle- Potato gnocchi- Tartufo- Affogato float P.S. They play trance at this restaurant, DING DING DING!I never heard of the Giuliana person until I came here last weekend. The service was outstanding. It was our friend's 31st birthday celebration and she loved it. The provolone stuffed peppers, prosciutto, fried olives, and zucchini herb dip were all great small plates to share. The spaghetti and meatballs were good. The food was a little expensive for what it was. They checked my friend's ID when she ordered booze and they noticed it was her birthday. They were kind enough to bring out some dessert for the birthday girl. They brought out some giant foot long spoons. I told the server "Those would be great heroin spoons".RPM was very, very good. The strongest reason to come to RPM is the small plates philosophy - you can try lots of different things. The portions are small but still filling! I took a few things home for lunch the next day. Go with a group and make it like a tapas experience.The gluten free menu has made the experience of excellent Italian food a possibility for me! Thanks RPM! The service is attentive and kind, even checking to ensure that the cocktail I ordered was gluten free.On that note, the cocktails are exquisite! I really enjoyed the Ginger Buck. Definitely try a few of these - yummy!For my starter, I had the polenta with the poached egg, truffle oil, and parmesan. You *must* have this. It tastes like heaven.I was so happy to be able to try Mama DePandi's pasta. Wow! Best pasta I've ever had. Cannot wait to be able to try more pasta dishes here.The desserts are also divine. I had a strawberry carpaccio and it was innovative and completely awesome. I still dream about it. Highly recommended. The only weakness in the experience was the "main dish" - my husband had steak and I had the wild salmon. Next time we go, we are planning on just doing a ton of the small plates and skipping the entrees. (Although I greatly appreciate the natural and wild, sustainable selections on this area of the menu!)The clientele was either dressed quite nicely and there for a good meal - or flip flops and bra straps showing! Ugh. Dress nicely for RPM, folks. Show some respect. Don't show your underwear or wear beach shoes here.I went in May or April. I was looking forward to it! Loved the atmosphere it was tre chic! Loved the layout! Meatballs were AMAZEBALLS! I'm not a big wine person, considering I am allergic to alcohol :( , but apparently it was good! We had other dishes but the fact that I can't remember them means they weren't anything special. My least favorite dish was the Green Pea Risotto!  VERY bland and the rice was hard! I definitely would go back, but I know what I will and definitely won't order again!Overall: Great food, average cocktails, in this clubby/be-scene type of atmosphere akin to that of other places in the area (Paris Club, Roka Akora, etc.).With the hype of Giulana and Bill Rancic's new place and the clientele at RPM (Bulls players, birthday parties ready to hit da club, wealthy hot dates), this place could have easily had average food and have done just as much business thus far. I came with a couple of girlfriends for a late-night dinner after a show at the House of Blues, and we couldn't have been happier. While not dressed in sequin cocktail dresses and heels, we came for a great meal and got it delivered. Best of all, especially since it was a late dinner, we left feeling completely satisfied but not wishing someone would deflate our stomachs. This is a great option whether it's before going out for a late-night dance-a-thon or if you simply want a quality meal in a convenient location.THE RUNDOWNCocktails - Average at best. We tried four different cocktails and really only enjoyed one of them. I cannot remember the name, but I know it contained Gin and St. Germain. There's a reason why it's the most popular.Fresh Burrata - Considering burrata is a great cheese, this dish is almost impossible to mess up. A ball of burrata is served with a salty outside layer and arugula, sun-dried tomatoes, and toasted bread on the side. A great dish, but considering this easily can be made at home, I'll probably spend my money on another next time.Beef Carpaccio - Sliced thinly to perfection. Chunks of pecorino add a saltiness to the dish that was welcomed.Tuscan Kale and Heirloom Spinach Salad - In my mind, crunchy chopped kale, lemon juice, olive oil, and parmesan is a great combination, and this salad did not disappoint. This dish is great if you're looking for something light and refreshing.Polenta and Poached Egg - I love polenta and I love poached egg, so why wouldn't I love polenta with poached egg? If you're familiar with the perfection that is runny egg yolk and what it can do to a dish, then you'll love this, too. Anytime I thought I might want to add a tad bit more salt, I took a bite with the truffle and the parmesan, which made it great.Wood-Grilled Octopus - The octopus was cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was served on top of a chickpea puree which tasted like a lighter, more lemony and garlicky- flavored hummus. Delicious.Duck Agnolloti - Great dish. I love duck, and the pillowy pasta that it was served with was perfect. Leaves of brussel sprouts added a little bit of crunch. No sauce is served with this pasta, but the cooked (roasted?) mission figs added so much flavor that sauce was not missed.Spicy King Crab Pasta - Squid-ink pasta cooked perfectly with chunks of king crab and hot peppers. I thought the spiciness was a great level without overpowering the dish. But, if you don't like spice, you can always opt out of the hot peppers. But really, do yourself a favor and stick with the hot peppers.Rice Pudding Frozen Yogurt - Such a great combination. A great cinnamon flavor that was light and sweet enough for a post-meal bite.Sour cream sorbet - So incredibly weird, but so incredibly good. We had it by itself, but we were told it's usually served with a pineapple carpaccio. If you can get a little taste of the sorbet, go for it.A fig dessert that I can't remember the name of - Very light. The figs were served with some roasted nuts, a peanut type of concoction, and what I think was creme fraiche with syrup drizzled on top. If you need a couple bites of sweetness without feeling like you went over the edge, this is a great option.RPM has a trendy vibe and puts a fun twist on italian fare. Portions are small, so plan to order multiple dishes and be ready to share. Try the meatballs for an awesome appetizer and finish with the hazelnut gelato for a perfect dessert. Everything in between was outstanding, I can't wait to go back!It's ok.  Not great, but definitely not bad.  Tables are very close (make a new friend!) and it is very LOUD.  Notwithstanding, the food is only fair.  You can get better at other, less hyped restaurants.We ordered a sampling of the menu - it was all tasty, but again, nothing noteworthy.  Our order included the meatballs (touted by the server as the best she ever had - I disagree - they were really just your basic meatball).  We also ordered the roasted mushrooms (easily replicated at home for a fraction of the price) the risotto and the lobster ravioli.  The risotto was the best choice and priced reasonably.  The ravioli was similar enough to Trader Joe's refrigerated version despite being "homemade."Not sure if this restaurant will last.  River North is picky, but the tourist factor might just keep this one going for its 15 minutes of fame.Oh and Phil Vettel of the Trib gave it one star, stating its menu was too large....Absolutely hands down the best Italian food I've ever had, friendly staff and reasonably priced for the atmosphere. Must check out!My love for Giuliana & Bill Rancic!  Yes, I watch their show on E! Network and they are really the role model couple.  Perfect for one another and have been through so much!  When I heard about their restaurant coming to Chicago, I was super excited.  Kinda sad that they didn't name it Mama De Pandi's though.  I think Mama De Pandi's, maybe sounds like a hole in the wall kinda restaurant and in order to cater to more customers of this era, RPM Italian, doesn't sound so bad.  I wish there were more Mama De Pandi's dishes on the menu too, but what we ordered was such yummy deliciousness. The layout of the restaurant is beautiful, with a nice huge bar where you can order drinks from.  When you look around, there is tons of staff around, so don't ever worry about your water never being filled, because it will!  Starters:Pepperoni Pizzette - Amazeballs, as G would say it! Truffle Garlic Bread - Die!  So yummy!  Bread was soft and had the right flavoring and balance of garlic and truffle oil.  I could eat this all day and become a fat ass! Entrees:I, of course, ordered Mama De Pandi's pasta with a big meatball.  This dish was made just perfecto!  The pasta was al dente and the texture of the noodles is something I've never had before.  The meatball was rich and tasty and definitely went well with the pasta.   The hubby ordered the squid ink pasta.  I always thought eww gross, squid ink...but man, what an elegant tasting dish!  It had a spicy kick with the crab and you couldn't taste anything squidish about it.  It was just pasta that looked like it was dyed black.  In the end, I'm not just giving this restaurant five stars because I love G & B, it's because this place really deserves it!  I can't wait to come again!We had reservations for RPM this past Monday night at 8:30 pm for 3 people. We were quickly taken to our table by the hostess when we arrived and our waiter promptly poured water for each of us. Overall, we were really impressed with the dishes, and the desserts, that we ordered.Drinks:-Classic Bellini -The Ten Eighty Eight-Glass of WineDishes:-Tuna Crudo - LOVE! So delish. Similar to a bruschette (tuna takes the place of the tomato).-Imported Burrata - LOVE! Please don't leave without ordering the burrata - the burrata just melts in your mouth.-Prime Beef Meatballs - VERY Good!! Dish brings 3 meatballs and the sauce was -Shredded Brussels Sprouts Salad - Not our favorite dish actually, but I give them credit for originality and creativity on the use of the brussels sprouts - I think perhaps the salad is  so tart, it needs something sweet.-Short Rib Parpadelle - Another delish dish. Beware though - 1 of us thought it was too salty/herby. I still think it's a dish to recommend.-Prosciutto Tortelloni - This one grew on me - wasn't loving it at first (perhaps because the prosciutto inside the tortelloni seemed a bit dry). With each bit, I kept adding more of the sauce and started to like it more. This flavor of this dish is more subtle than that of the Parpadelle and the Ravioli (see below). -Ricotta Ravioli with an Egg and Truffle (Special of the Day) - Favorite dish of the night!Dessert:-Bill's Chocolate Budino - these cocao bits inside the caramel were a plus! Very thick and heavy but I loved the combination.-Sweet Corn Gelato with Blueberry Sauce (Special of the Day) - Sounds like an odd combination but it really works. The sweet corn flavor is quite soft and works well with the blueberry compote - although, I wish they would serve more of the compote. We ran out and still had a lot of gelato left!I would highly recommend RPM to friends visiting Chicago. We thought the prices and the portions were reasonable (with our bill totaling about $180 which we thought was a good price for this type of dining experience).Overall we were really content with the ambiance and the decor. Something very sleek about the black and cream/ivory decor. The dishes and the service were on point - definitely would love to come  back to RPM next time I'm in Chicago.I've been wanting to try RPM for a while and finally got in for drinks at the bar. The atmosphere is gorgeous and the prices really aren't that bad - $16 pasta and dishes around $20 (keep in mind they are fairly small). We ordered the bread with ricotta cheese to start and it was delicious...so good that I keep thinking about it. Served with marina sauce, it was the perfect combination and good size for only $6. I hope to go back soon for dinner.I wanted to hate this place too, Dan R.! I was in heaven with Mama DiPandi's pasta, holy moly - its a basic pomodoro, but WOW. I wanted more, but the serving size was perfect. More of a European serving size rather than the American, massively obese serving size. I also had some of the shaved brussel sprout salad, with a tangy creamy dressing. It was a mountain and I felt like it multiplied as we dug through it with our forks. The garlic toast was delicious and helped savor the remaining ends of our dishes. The bellini cocktail was lovely, and simplistic. Now, the ambiance wasn't exactly my thing, but completely overlooked since the food was THAT good. Thank you Giuliana & Bill - you have my two thumbs up.I currently live in LA and when I came home to visit Chicago, I definitely wanted to try the newly opened RPM Italian Restaurant. Needless to say, Giuliana and Bill Rancic have successfully brought LA to Chicago in RPM Italian. Love, love, love this place for the ambiance and decor. Service was impeccable. Drinks were perfect and well made.Food: Everything was delicious but nothing was a stand out. - Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro- Mediterranean Sea Bass Crudo- 600 Day Prosciutto- Roasted Mushrooms with melted scamorza- Prime Beef MeatballsDessert: Most memorable part of the meal! I had the Caramel Pecan Tart with Rosemary Gelato. I want to go back for another one.I would still come back again to try more items on the menu. I thoroughly enjoyed myself at RPM, and hope to find more dishes that will stand out as a star.I've visited this restaurant on numerous occasions throughout my time here in Chicago. Not once have I been disappointed. I've found that for just two it's most fun to go on a busy night and eat at the bar! It usually doesn't take too long to get a seat. However, if you have a larger group make sure to get a reservation in advance. They are always busy!As far as food, I've tried numerous items on the menu. All have been fantastic. To begin, the lobster caprese is so good! Definitely recommend. The small appetizer pizzas are also great. For the main course, I've found the lobster ravioli to be one of my favorites, and you can never go wrong with the Momma DePandi's dish with a meatball! I'm anxious to try more of their dishesOn a side note, they also have a great Gluten Free menu!If you like artichokes, GET the artichoke item on the right hand side of the menu.  I loved the gnocchi with the sunday gravy (red meat sauce). Also, the Brussels sprout salad was really great! the ravioli isnt anything to write home about but it was pleasant and tasted how ravioli should taste.i will say that the food did not come out hot. it was warm and some parts of the pasta were cooled. not cold but not warm.i can see how this experience would differ from person to person because there are so many different things on the menu.  I think overall the atmosphere is what i really liked.  The waitstaff were really on the ball and were super friendly.Believe the hype...it's that good.Well, I've been a big Bill R fan ever since he kicked Kwayme's butt years ago on the very first (and still best) season of Apprentice. So I was super excited to try out RPM. Well, apparently so was half of Chicago, because the only available time on a Saturday night was 5:00 P.M. Ok, normally not my favorite dinner time on the weekend, but it's Bill, and I'm willing to comprimise.Was it worth it! I got seated by the bar (eh...I prefer the main dining room), and this ball of warmth and enthusiam named Ali came over and introduced herself as our server. You MUST, I repeat, MUST ask for Ali if you come here. Staff can make or break a place, and Ali definately made my experience better.The menu isin't your traditional Italian fare that I'm used to, and Ali patiently took her time listening to my likes and dislikes. She then recommended the Duck Agnolotti, the Homemade Ricotta, and Polenta/ Poached Egg.All 3 were cravable, "must have again" dishes in their own right. I normally would have ordered none of the above on my own, but she promised me I wouldn't be disappointed, and the food delivered. The dishes were simple, seasoned right, yet elegant. I like that it's a meal I would never make at my own house. Now my buddy, Mr. Know it All, got a short rib pasta and it was decent but nothing mind blowing. Ali tried to warn him, but he wouldn't listen. Hands off my Agnolotti! After a couple drinks with St Germaine, I was done for. In the end, I found a new favorite place. My only complaint is that I'll never find a good weekend time to enjoy it because everyone else loves it too :)My fiancé had been dying to come here ever since she heard about it on Giuliana Rancic's show, so maybe she had over-hyped it to me, but here are my thoughts:First off, the service was great--too good at times: pretty much every time we took a sip of our water (literally), there was someone there to refill our glasses.  I'm all for keeping guests well-hydrated, but this was a bit of overkill.  Our waiter was very nice and seemed knowledgeable and genuinely passionate about the food, but he was kind of pushy at times and overly up-selling expensive items.  He asked if we were ready for another bottle of wine when we each still had a full glass.It is kind of difficult to decide how to order here as there are so many different categories on the menu.  Our waiter suggested that we should get multiple things to share, but customers at other tables each got their own dishes.  I would suggest going the sharing route, as the first 2/3 of the menu features relatively small plates.The atmosphere was night-club-esque in terms of the decor/vibe (not music), which is great if you like that sort of thing, but it's not for me.As for the food, we decided to try a bunch of different things and had some leftovers to bring home:Truffled Garlic Bread: Very good, strong flavor but not much better than average garlic bread aside from the hint of truffle.   Mozzarella Carrozza: Again, another item that was very good, but other than looking much fancier (cubes), it wasn't much better than an average mozzarella stick.  I do have to say that the Spicy Marinara, while not very spicy, was delectable.Zucchini Fritti:  My fiancé loved these, but I felt that, while they were decent, the zucchini was so much thinner than the breading that I could barely taste the vegetable.  The whipped Marscarpone sauce was pretty good.Pasta Trombas:  I had read about these online and was intrigued.  They basically look like pork rinds but are actually made of fried pasta.  At first, I wasn't impressed, but I quickly/strangely became addicted.  The cheese sprinkled over them was a nice touch.Gnocchi al Forno:  Worst dish of the night--the "gnocchi," if you can really call these that, were complete mush and just tasted like a pile of melted GorgonzolaPrime Beef Meatballs: Amazing sauce.  The meatballs were delicious but not special--no better than ones I've made at homePorcini Mushroom Risotto:  Rich, creamy, and delicious.  A must-try for any mushroom lover.  This was probably our favorite dish of the night.Ravioli Americano: There was only sauce on the bottom of the dish, and it wasn't nearly enough.  The ravioli tasted like they were barely cooked--very disappointing.Short Rib Pappardelle: The Pappardelle noodles were great, but mixing short rib into a pasta does not do the delicious cut justice.  The sauce was very strange, but I couldn't put my finger on why.Despite our waiter suggesting we also share one of the large meat dishes, we were stuffed and couldn't even find room for dessert.Overall, it was a decent experience, the food was a little above average, and if I could, I would give them 3.5 stars, but I just couldn't knock them up to a four.  The mushroom risotto and meatballs were definitely the best of what we tried.We came here last night, and I thought everything was fantastic! We sat in the bar area, there were four of us, and we sampled A LOT! 1. Meatballs - They were a great size, and I loved the red sauce!2. Lobster Caprese - This was excellent. Very nice size chunks of Lobster and the mozzarella was super fresh and tasty.3. Grilled Octupus - I liked that they cut up the octopus, and you could really taste the smoke from the grill. Very light and refreshing.4. Guiliana's Salad - This was my favorite of the night in terms of small plates. The dressing was very light and delicious. The salami, cheese, peppercini's all added a great element to the salad. It was very simple, but VERY good.5. Polenta with Poached egg. Very buttery and very good. 6. Frito Misto - This was not overly greasy and I liked that there was shrimp, calamari, green beans and lemons. It was actually very light and cooked perfectly!7. Mama Depandi's Bucatini Pomodoro - Very good. Noodles were cooked to perfection, I loved the sauce, it was SO good.8. Short Rib Pappardelle - YUM! This surprisingly was my favorite of the pasta dishes. I love fresh pasta, I loved the sauce and the short ribs melted in your mouth. SO good!9 & 10. were the desserts, I am not sure what they were called, but the Chocolate Ball Ice Cream was SOOO good, the Hazelnut with the Rosemary Gelato wasnt so great, but maybe it was because the mixture of the two didnt work so well? Not sure? It was a great time had by all, and I liked the vibe of the place. I almost liked that we were in the bar versus the restaurant as it was definitely more fun! I would recommend anyone to come to RPM. Its not as pricey as I thought it was going to be, so that was a plus. I think it would be better to go with a group of about 4 because then you can sample a variety.Place was packed with a waiting line all the time, always a good sign. My date was lucky to grab a high top right away. Excellent food and very attentive staff. Small plates enough to share. Would def go back if I can get the chance. Maybe too loud for socializing.I took my boyfriend here for his birthday just last night and could not wait to write this review.I cannot express how delighted I was with the food AND service here. At first I was a little annoyed due to the fact we were seated 20 mins after our reservation. But as soon as we were seated a manager came over to our table and apologized for the wait and brought us 2 appetizers on the house. Right away, my annoyance with the wait left me and I was able to enjoy my dinner entirely. The manager brought us the Ricotta toast and the stuffed peppers. The stuffed peppers were okay, probably the only item I had all night that I could have done without. Now the Ricotta toast was absolutely delicious. I did not anticipate enjoying this too much since I am not big into cheeses, but I could have eaten the whole plate alone if I didn't need to share it with my boyfriend. I also ordered for myself the wood oven mediterranean octopus which was to die for. It is a very small plate and not very filling but definitely a must try if you enjoy octopus.For dinner I ordered the classic spaghetti and meatball and my boyfriend ordered the bucatini pomodoro with a side of the prime beef meatballs. We both devoured our plates. Anyone can make spaghetti and meatball, but this plate had such rich flavors and was not like any regular spaghetti and meatball dish I've ever had, on top of the meatball being HUGE! For dessert we shared the tartufo. This looks and almost tastes like a giant Ferrero Rocher but with chocolate ice cream inside. It is amazing! Hands down the best dessert I've ever had and definitely a dessert made for 2. Overall, I had a great experience at RPM and the place is beautiful.So delicious! Every time I visit Chicago we have to go to RPM. Everything I've had there is really good.One word for RPM...ehhhhThis place made me think of a time when I met a really hot guy at a club in LA. He was beautiful: chiseled body, great dresser, beautiful eyes, aspiring actor so he claimed. Once I scratched the surface there was no substance! RPM gave me the exact same feeling and I was slightly disappointed. I think I believed the hype and expected RPM to be PHENOMENAL, but instead it was pretty average at best and I've certainly experienced better eats in Chicago.Don't get me wrong, RPM has a great vibe. We went on a Wednesday night for my birthday and the place was packed by 6:00 pm. The dining room is gorgeous and the bar is the place to be, great place to grab a drink and mingle with coworkers, friends or complete strangers. Our server was really nice, very attentive with the service.We started with the Frito Misto (calamari, shrimp and lemon) which had a really good dipping sauce as well as the Pepperoni Pizzette. We then passed around the Giant Prawns, Maine Lobster Ravioli, and the Pea Risotto. Everything as decent, it just didn't blow my mind as I had anticipated. I wasn't really impressed with the dessert menu so we passed.Overall I'd say great for the ambiance, average on the food, good service (as it better be if you plan on waiting 2 months for a table)... I'm just not SOLD. A little too overrated for me. However,  I'll certainly be back for the bar!Went on a Tuesday night for a 5:30 dinner with my boyfriend...place was already busy having 368 on the books (I peeked at opentable) for a Tueday night!The decor is beautiful...very chic and sexy.The employees (servers, hosts etc.) look like Ford models.We were sat in a large, comfy booth.Our server, Chris A. was so adorable! He addressed us with a smile and explained the menu and drink program very well. He definitely made us feel welcome.I started off with a cocktail...Gin, St. Germain and Amaro served up...very good...followed up with a glass of a Super Tuscan...We had the Beef Carpacio, Grilled Octopus (super tender) and Mushroom Pizzette (our fav)We ordered 2 pastas: King Crab spicy spaghetti...just the right amount of spice, and Duck Agnolotti...creamy and delicious.For dessert we ordered the Tartufo...imagine a huge Ferrero Rocher stuffed with Hazelnut and Chocolate Gelato...crazy good; as well as the Baked Cannoli...also very good.This place is great for a date night or a business dinner, as they have a 2 party rooms.Great food...awesome staff...We will definitely be back.Thanks Chris A. for a memorable dining experience.I was really looking forward to trying this new trendy Italian restaurant.  The atmosphere was modern and sophisticated and classy with the cream and black color palette.  However I felt like the portion sizes (extremely small) and the price were not worth the experience.  The food was tasty but you would have to order a lot of food in order to be full...our party left hungry.I don't get the hype and stellar reviews. I really wanted to like this place. The decor is very modern and well designed, albeit loud. And our server was extremely patient, very informative and provided just the right amount of attentiveness. You know what I mean - there when needed him, but not overbearing and in the way. And the dirty vodka martini with blue cheese olives was delicious. But sadly, I can't give much more praise than that. And I really, really wanted to.  Perhaps I'm biased by the impression I had before even stepping foot inside. The valet experience was horrible. It wasn't the fault of the guys doing the actual valeting - but whoever is/was in charge of setting it up and coordinating the logistics and traffic flow is terrible. I pulled up behind a car. Apparently, three other cars thought it was a valet line, too, and pulled in behind me. Then I discovered that there was no one in the car in front of me. And the valets were not coming to move it. So I got out of the car and waved to the valet. He gestured that I needed to pull up. "I can't!" The three cars behind me saw this exchange and were able to pull around me. The valet eventually came over to get my car.The food was decent, but not worth the price. Don't get me wrong -I don't mind paying for a great dinner. But the food has to be worth it. It was our monthly girls' night out and we shared an assortment of appetizers and pasta plates. Except for the fried olives, none of the appetizers really made an impression as something I can only get there and make me want to return. The potato gnocchi was my choice for one of our pasta plates, and while the sauce was really good, the potato gnocchi itself was really squishy and fair, at best.   Speaking of girls' night out - this seems to be the trendy spot for such an activity. I'm pretty sure that more than half the tables were groups of 4+ women. There's nothing wrong with that, but it just gave me an impression that apparently this is the current "It" place. But you know how that cycle goes. I don't think it will be as popular once the trendiness wears off and girls' nights move on to the next It restaurant. One of the people in my party predicts it will be closed within 18 months. If not, it will be because of the support it receives as part of the LEYE group.And back to the valet. I lost track of how long it took for my car to arrive. I do recall excusing myself from the table a while before my friends. When they eventually came out of the restaurant, they couldn't believe I was *still* waiting for my car.  I still tipped the valet, but they didn't have correct change for one of my friends (even including her tip). And the car I got stuck behind when I arrived? Yeah...three hours after my arrival it was still parked in its same spot.There are plenty of other Italian restaurants in Chicago. I can't imagine returning to this one.I had managed my expectations for RPM based on Yelp reviews, and it was pretty much as expected.  The space is very swanky and is definitely a place to see and be seen.  I loved the round booths, it's a great date spot (or to get engaged, hint hint gentlemen!)  I've heard the wait to get a reservation is obnoxiously long, but when you do the senior citizen special (ie walk in at 5pm), there's no problem getting a table.  Food-wise, it was lackluster.  There were a few standouts, but nothing blew me away. Other reviewers are correct that these are sharing plates, but they're definitely not tiny.  We ordered too much food, as it turned out.  Here it is, in order of yumminess:-Slow Roasted Pork - this was unbelievably tender, juicy and well seasoned.  It was really fatty, but once you cut it away, the meat was delicious.  Loved it.-Tartufo - yes, the dessert!  It's a big ball of hardened chocolate on the outside (rather than the typical dusting of chocolate), and it's delicious.  -Prime rib meatballs - these were very good, and the sauce was slightly sweet.  Very nice.-Truffle garlic bread - huge serving, not overly truffle-y, but tasty.-Short rib papardelle - this was more like chunks of beef than short ribs, but it was good.  I've definitely had better, but it was good.-Wild Boar pasta - we did not care for this.  The pasta was tasteless and the boar tasted more like seafood than any boar I've ever had.  I can't recommend this.I had the Lower Door with gin, St. Germaine and sparkling wine.  It was good, but doesn't hold up to the fantastic cocktails many Chicago bars offer.I've heard the service is amazing, but I was nonplussed with ours.  It's not that she was bad, but she didn't really interact with us at all.  When I asked if the truffle garlic bread was worth ordering when we had already ordered (as it turned out) too much food, she said "well, I mean, I like it" in kind of a flippant voice.  She left the menus at our table, finished plates were left on the table for a long time, small things but when others have raved about it, I expected much better.  I wasn't impressed.Overall, it was ok.  I'm not rushing to come back, but if you want a cool atmosphere, RPM has it.This place is a solid 4 stars. Kind of annoying that reservations can be so difficult to get. Also, we sat in the seating area behind the bar, and not in the formal dining room. The actual dining room is gorgeous and it'd be great to sit there next time. Onto the food: Kale and heirloom spinach salad - excellentPepperoni Pizette - Very good, kind of small, but doesn't hurt to have portion control here. Chicken Liver Crostini - pretty tasty!Carbonara - A little watery, but the presentation with the whole egg yolk is impressiveRisotto Frutti Di Mari - GreatOsso Buco - A little tough, but again the presentation is excellent with a little spoon for the bone marrowScallops with pumpkim puree - Was expecting bigger scallops, but well doneI'd go back. Extra props for service, presentation, and ambiance.When the wife told me she wanted to go to this Italian restaurant she had heard about on TV, and said the owners were on E and Donald Trump, I was hesitant.  Why?  I don't get off on "fad" restaurants.   I also am not that keen on "upscale" restaurants because you pay a lot for less than average food.Well, I am here to tell you that I am 100% WRONG.  This place is fantastic and it starts with the friendly, sharply-dressed staff.  The decor was an impressive mix of black and white and very classy.  The tables are nice-sized and seats were very comfortable.Our waitress, Liz, was so knowledgeable about the wines, liquors, and the menu itself that she helped us make our decisions.  While she told us the dishes are "small" and we may wish to order several different appetizers to share, we took her advice about sharing, but the ones we ordered were quite filling.  Wife started with Sergio Leone (whiskey sour) while I had a tea.  Our first dish was Guiliana's Italian Salad and accompanied by Fritto Misti (calimari).  Both were excellent and pleased our palates.  Next came the truffled garlic bread and followed by prime beef meatballs.  While I have never enjoyed sharing food, this was a real treat and we realized that these four "small" dishes had filled us so much, that we would soon have no room left for the dessert menu we truly craved.So, a decision was made:  Skip the entree' and go right to the coffee and dessert.Liz brought a complimentary Bill's Chocolate Budino, a salty, caramel pudding with chocolate nibs for our anniversary.  The wife and I each had a spoon to share this delicacy and it nearly turned into a sword fight to get the last spoonful.  Then we got serious and each ordered our favorite.  The wife went with Tartufo, a hazelnut gelato in a chocolate shell.  Dark and rich and the shell was like a chocolate crunch bar.  It was an impressive display and is featured on their menu online.  I went with rice pudding gelato and it was one of the best desserts that has ever crossed my gums.  I enjoyed every last bite of that flavorful dish and topped the meal off with the biggest cup of coffee I have ever seen.This made our anniversary dinner the most memorable in our 37 years.  Many thanks to Liz and the incredible chef and his staff for a great night.Had a wonderful late night dinner with my husband at RPM.  We arrived early, had a drink at the bar and got seated before our actual reservation time.  We shared a bottle of Brunello and sampled a number of different dishes - all were excellent.  I am looking forward to our return visit!!Dinner at RPM was certainly fun, but the food left much to be desired. The ambiance is very young and hip with chic decor and electronic music. The service is also very good. Everything came out quickly and the wait staff provided good recommendations. Now the food: under par. All the dishes were slightly under seasoned. You could get most if these dishes at your average family run Italian restaurants. We had the Brussels sprout salad, cremini mushroom pizza, ravioli a la RPM and the mama dipandi's bucatini.  All were ok, but nothing special. Dinner was fun, but I wouldn't go back.I had heard from a lot of people that this was just an atmosphere kind of place and the food was only so-so, but I didn't find that to be the case. I've been a couple times now and everything I've tried has been really good. The Roman Style Artichokes were different, and one of my favorites here.Getting a reservation here is ridiculous, but I guess that can be expected of a place like this.A great River North addition!  Delicious small plates and a fantastic urban chic atmosphere that is rare for an Italian restaurant.  With reservations being hard to get, we stopped on a Thursday night and took our chances waiting for a bar table to open up which only took about 15 minutes.  The bar area was crowded though!We started with the artichokes which were FANTASTIC. Easily the best artichoke dish I've ever had.  The gnocchi was creative and very light and fluffy, and the chocolate hazelnut dessert was delicious.  I'm thrilled to have a new go-to Italian restaurant that serves perfectly sized flavorful small plates instead of overwhelmingly large portions of pasta and bread!Overall - Quality food. Great service. Environment was comfortable, yet sleek. Prices are actually not too bad, depending what you order. Definitely would eat there again.My fiance and I have been wanting to eat here for months and had booked a dinner reservation a couple months prior to eating there on Valentine's Day. It was busy but too my surprise, wasn't packed as everyone says it gets.As far as the food goes, the appetizers tasted great! I highly suggest the Provolone-Stuffed Peppers (it has a kick to it) and prime beef meatballs. The entrees tasted great but beware of portion size as this restaurant is Italian but tapas style. Although the Prosciutto Tortellini was a small dish but the quality and taste exceeded our expectations. The Lobster spaghetti (I think it was a special that night) was new and different - green noodles, tasty lobster and a nice spicy kick to it. We'd definitely go again.Generally, small plates restaurants annoy me. Why? Because you need to order a ton of dishes (not because you're curious to try different things) but because you won't be full otherwise, and that adds up. Then again maybe the idea is not to get full I suppose. Anyway, I was invited by 2 out of town friends who made reservations here. Cool. I want to say we ordered 6-7 plates, 2 desserts and drinks. And nope, I wasn't satisfied but there was no way I was going to let them keep ordering! Besides it was my friend's 30th so she was allowed to get what she wanted! =) To my dismay because a $225 bill for 3 people who aren't full is ridic.Flavorful Salad - Arugula (I was impressed because I don't like arugula)Tasty Pastas - Spicy King Crab, Wild Boar SausageDessert - Tartufo (I'm not a chocolate fan but the hard shell over the hazelnut gelato was yummy)One bite didn't have me wanting more - Mediterranean Seabass (crudo)So overall, most of the dishes we ordered tasted good, however, I wasn't blown away or ready to make another reservation. The restaurant had a good vibe, like it was the place to be, and on a Sunday night it was packed! I came, I saw, I ate... good enough. But I doubt I'll be back... even if someone else was fronting the bill.RPM surpassed all of expectation! My boyfriend was smart enough to bring me here for my birthday dinner, and has earned himself about one million brownie points. Everything was amazing. The drinks and food were to die for, but the service is what made our experience that much better! Justin was our server and he was the best! Knowledgable on the menu and made some amazing recommendations.He let us enjoy our meals without feeling rushed, but especially made us feel welcomed!I can't wait to come and try the rest of the menu!!Well done RPM, well done.Yes! So thankful our concierge was able to get us a reservation here. It was really good the atmosphere was upscale but still lively and the servers were very attentive.   The food was really tasty we ordered the beef carpaccio (good), wedge salad (great),  lobster caprese (great) Main course was Handmade Cavatelli (great) I love this dish!!! So tasteful and hearty..  Maine lobster ravioli, my wife had this dish I liked it but was more pleased with Cavatelli but none the less still really good!    For Desert we had donuts GREAT!!!! Mmmmm All in all great time excellent service!Went there after a dinner for some of the wine & cheese--Good service, great red wine & champagne bubbly, tasty cheese plate options with some salumi. Not a fan of the pretentious crowd, but what was I to expect?Overall a good 3/5 stars. Will definitely come back and try out their menu items.Yes! I enjoyed this place.  On a Monday night it had all the energy of a Thursday! Most people were dressed to impress... seemed like a hip I want to impress crowd. Ambiance is great for a date night or out with the girls. On this first occasion, yes, I am already planning more fun times, it was with a few friends. We sat in the bar area as the they were VERY FULL in the dining area. Sitting in the bar was great, we were directed to a table for our party of three by a very official Secret Service looking professional. I'm not sure what his job description is but he clearly could pass for one of the president's protectors.Service for us was very good. Our waitress made some great suggestions.A sure must have - The Squid Spaghetti! Also the Calamari & Veggies.... Whoa! Our choice of drink was good old H2o... we'd already had our fill of beverages. However, the wine list on the back of the menu looked like an awesome selection. Nothing missing. Ambiance is great. I'd say very clean and the layout felt like the restaurant went on forever. It's dimly lit. Think steakhouse/lounge but add a mosh up of that urban chic all white I'm so 2012.... Yeah that's what it feels like.It's a great restaurant but in an expected way. This is probably why I am giving it a 4 instead of a 5. Wowed and surprised, I was not totally. But I was comforted and treated very well. The food was very good. The service very good... so yeah a very high 4.... It's the reason why an English teacher gives a paper you consider an A a B+.It was still good. I will be back for seconds.Another disappointment.Garlic truffle oil bread - tastes like the frozen garlic bread you buy at the grocery store.Avocado Brussels sprout salad - my jaw as in pain after eating this because the Brussels sprouts are not treated at all and are extremely tough when served raw. Could barely taste the avocado. It needed much more seasoning and flavor.Sea scallops - although they were good, it cost $24 for THREE scallops! Not worth the price.Everyone else around me had really small portions as well. The entrees (including the scallops) were prepared very well but the portion sizes were just too small for the amount they cost.Beautiful decor! Came here to celebrate my birthday and was so happy we chose this restaurant. The server was very friendly and willing to answer all of our questions.Must order:-provolone stuffed peppers-bread with fresh ricotta: I normally don't like ricotta, but this was tasty!-short rib pappardelle: THIS WAS DELICIOUSSSS-chocolate hazelnut dessert: it was like ferrero rocher in ice cream form! yummy!Meh, just ok:-beef carpaccio: sliced ultra thin and had to be scraped off the plate.. kinda weirded me out-spicy king crab pasta: tasted really fishy, not much flavor-lobster ravioli: bland-pumpkin agnolotti: just..tasted like... pumpkin...The ambiance and service were 5 stars. But the food was underwhelming. Our server said with excitement "our pastas are the stars of our menu!", but for us, the pastas were all disappointing except for the short rib pappardelle. Would try again in the far future...good for special occasions, but otherwise, would rather explore other places in this area.I gave it four stars because it was a bit pricey, but then again more than half of our bill consisted of the drinks we consumed.Went here on a Wednesday night with some coworkers.  Should definitely make a reservation as it get crowed quick, esp around dinner time.  The food was delish!  A couple of my faves were the Polenta Pouched Egg with fresh black truffle parmesan (soooo good), Spicy King Crab (didn't look too appetizing due to the squid ink, but boy was it bursting in flavors!), the Mediterranean Octopus and the Short Rib Pappardelle.  The drinks - we pretty much tried all of them.  They were all delicious and different.  If you are planning to just have one or two, I would suggest going with the one that sounds good to you;  you will like it.  My fave was the Sergio Leone - has egg white in there.  Didn't know how I felt about that egg in there but it gave it a "nice, silky" finish as our waiter described it.  :) Would definitely come back, but with my significant other this time.  The decor in there is nice, sexy even.  Great place for date you are trying to impress.My wife and I recently visited and had a reservation at 9pm.  We had to wait a little for our table to be ready (15 min.) which we felt was reasonable given the fact that they were extremely busy.  Once seated we were given an apology for the delay in seating and told were would be comped with 2 free appetizers.  Let me tell you, this was very generous and surprising to us, since we weren't even the slightest bit miffed by the delay.We were floored by how delicious and fulfilling the food was!  From the appetizers to the main courses, to the desert, we could not have been more pleased.Yes the menu is a little expensive, but we believe that it was most definitely worth it.  Our repeat service is a guarantee.I have been to RPM twice now.  Once when it first opened and just last Saturday.Both times we had to wait 30-45 minutes even with a reservation, but I didn't mind either time as there is SUCH good people watching all over the place.Either way, once seated, just order anything, you won't be disappointed.I am a huge fan of the Giuliana Salad and Spaghetti & Meatball.  I would also recommend the  cheese stuffed red peppers, the meatball appetizer, the warm ricotta spread and the Pinot Nero wine.One thing I wasn't terribly impressed with was the 600 days aged Prosciutto.  Just wasn't awesome, but it DID come with 3 more of those cheese stuffed red pepper, so BONUS!You just want to keep eating at this place. And both times I was surprised how NOT overpriced it was.Also, the atmosphere is great. One of my favorite spots in Chicago right now!Enjoy!This place is packed, and super hard to get a reservation at. I booked mine 2 months in advance, and I did not regret it! I also adore Giuliana and Bill, so that helped.Walking in, the restaurant is hip, cool, modern. You feel like you're somewhere exclusive. All the waiters are dressed in white coats and the bar is busy. We did wait 25 minutes past our reservation time, but the wait staff made up for it by giving our party an appetizer on the house and saying sorry. Mama DePandi's pasta was by far my favorite dish that we tried. The fried olives were also delicious. Also, my dessert that I split with a friend was amazing.. Banana nutella gelato. The plates are small. I would say it's more a tapas type Italian place. I would recommend this for any girls night!If you love Italian, RPM Is a must try...The food/service was outstanding last night! We started out with the Fritto Misto (Calamari and shrimp) which hands down was one of my favorite dishes of the night. We then moved on to the Lobster Caprese and we asked if would could try just the meatballs (it's normally served with pasta), and they gladly brought us out three . We loved all the apps! For entrees we ordered the Short Rib Pappardelle (short ribs were tender and pasta was cooked well) and King Crab and pasta. I mean how could you go wrong adding King Crab to pasta!DESERT...everyone around us was talking about one desert last night...the Tartufo! A chocolate shell with gelato on the inside. I'm not normally a huge sweet guy, but I will be ordering the Tartufo every time I head back to RPM.Great restaurant.  Get there early and grab a table by the bar.  Very popular and hard to get a reservation for dinner because everyone gets all excited about the pseudo-celeb connection.  The Bucatini is the best thing on the menu (in my opinion).  Love the salads and antipasti too.  I usually stick to the top half of the menu and get lots of plate to share and avoid the entrees.I have to agree with most of the 3-star reviews. There was nothing wrong with this place, I was just very underwhelmed by the food. Nothing "wow"-ed me, and we ordered quite a few dishes. Had the provolone stuffed peppers, tiny thumb size, served cold. Nothing to write home about. Caesar wedge was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Spicy king crab spaghetti was black due to squid ink, weird, but fine, not spicy at all, with few crab pieces. Strozzapreti was bland. Had some ravioli special, not even memorable. All in all, just barely even average. We were kind of disappointed at this point, so didn't splurge for dessert.Wait staff was nice, water always filled, pretty attentive. Nice decor with high ceilings. Prices were high, $80+ per person (including wine). Unfortunately, nothing I tasted would bring me back.Even though the only reservation  we could get was for 4pm on a Sat. after I knew that we were for going to Chicago  for sure, it was worth making the reservation. We  started off sharing some appetizers the prime rib meatballs and the 600 day prosciutto, both very delicious. We really liked that the prosciutto wasn't too salty and was very light. The meatballs were melt in your mouth delicious!  Our waiter Steven H. was excellent and was very attentive to all of our needs especially when my 4 year old acted up for a few minutes. We ordered 3 different pasta dishes as our main entrees, all of them had great flavors. I ordered the cavatelli which was my favorite dish out of the entrees ordered. My friend ordered a side of the garlic mashed potatoes which were also amazingly delicious and I think he would've licked the bowl clean if he could have they were that delicious! We also tried their desserts the special banana-Nutella gelato. They also brought my son a mini gelato for dessert which I thought was a really cute gesture and he enjoyed that also! Overall the experience exceeded our expectations and we plan on going back when we visit Chicago again next time!Cool space , with a lively crowd , fantastic service and tasty food.  Great choice whether you are hanging out in the bar area or dining in the spacious dining room.  Our favorites we're the fried zucchini , Guiliana's salad,  and Mama's Bucatini with meatballs..  The pizza's, short rib pappardellle, deserts were satisfying but not great.  Nice but pr icy wines by the glass and cocktail list.  Bottle prices more reasonable.Look forward to exploring more on the menu.I went here with some co-workers and had a pretty good time.The atmosphere is pretty swank and trendy. I have to say the crowd here was pretty entertaining and I definitely felt a bit out of place being a male in his mid 20's. Why was I out of place? Probably because of the countless round tables of dressed up woman and the jeans and t-shirt I was wearing. I understand that this place is owned by reality TV stars so I can see the crowd that it attracts. I  have to say that even though I was under/differently dressed, every women I passed by by gave me a second look in that I am sizing you up way. This could have been because I was the only guy in the restaurant. I would give this place 5 stars if it was based on atmosphere. I would also like to add that I am no where near being from the river north area.Overall, the food was good, but not great. There are better italian places around the city. I wouldn't come back for the food, but I would come back to people watchI expected this joint to be more about G&B than the food -- wrong! Amazing meal shared with few girlfriends. We shared just about everything, and I was completely impressed. The gorgonzola gnocci was so soft and creamy, beautiful texture. Probably my favorite bite of the night. Get the truffle garlic bread too -- delicious. Yes, the waiters are wearing white blazers and speak softly, so it feels a bit pretentious. And they play house music softly in the background. But that's what you go here for -- a trendy atmosphere and surprisingly, amazing food. Loved it!See and be seen. Grab a bite too. It's as good as the view.Loud young and hip crowd in high heels and short skirts, prefunking before hitting the Underground mixed with casually, well dressed middle ages talking about the young ones at the bar. RPM is not for everyone but it is cool.DJ spins a very "Verve Remixed" sound that has nothing to do with Italian but does add a good element. Packed at 9 on a Thursday, I joined my friends at a bar high-top for a light dinner. A short specialty cocktail menu and very nice wine list of bottles and bay-the-glass where brought by a very attentive waitress. Flatbreads/Pizzette to start trying both the pepperoni with spicy tomato and the mushroom fontine. They are small so snack on 1 per two people.Wedge Cesar with white, Italian anchovies, BABY!Pappardelle with a short rib bolognese was fantastic.The portions are small so perfect if you're looking out for that LBD.It is night club that sells food but well worth the visit at least once to see if you can handle it. With the great people watching and good, quality food with fantastic service, I'll be back to get my Italian groove on. According to our server, the bar area dies around 11pm but the dining room stays full past midnight. This is a great place for a light night reservation.So, I want to preface this review by stating that I do not watch Bill & Guiliana's show and went to this restaurant because a someone couldn't make their reservation and a friend invited me last minute.  Boy am I glad I went!We got to the restaurant around 6:30pm and grabbed a drink at the bar while the table was being prepared.  They have a cool drink selection, but the bar area was a bit small and we had to keep moving out of the way of the servers.  The setup of the bar area isn't that great, so I probably wouldn't recommend going there to grab a drink unless you can get a table or a seat at the bar.  There is pretty much no standing room.Now for the food!  These are the dishes we ordered and my reviews:Fritto Misto (4/5 stars): This dish was quite yummy!  It was made up of lightly battered calamari, shrimp, and asparagus served with a delicious lemon aioli sauce.600-Day Proscuitto (4/5 stars): This proscuitto was scrumptious and served with crusty bread.Prime Beef Meatballs (5/5 stars): I don't really enjoy meatballs very often, but I'll tell you these were incredible.  Perfectly moist, textured, and the basil marinara sauce was delicious.  One of my fave dishes of the night!Polenta, Poached Egg (5/5 stars): This was by far my favorite dish of the night! Anything with a poached egg on is it going to be good, but the creaminess of the polenta combined with the shaved parmesan and fresh black truffle was amazing.  I did not want this dish to end!Short Rib Parpardelle (3/5 stars): This dish was good, not great.  It was wide parpardelle noodles with braised short ribs sprinkled throughout the dish.  It was served with a bolognese sauce and a hint of fresh rosemary.  We decided to order 1 pasta dish and narrowed it down to this and the Truffled Farfalle...I'm kind of wishing we would have tried the other one.Tartufo (5/5 stars): This savory dessert was made up of a hazelnut gelato ball rolled in chocolate coating...it was the perfect finish to our meal.  It tasted exactly like a piece of Ferraro Rocher and was creamy, smooth, and delicious.Our overrall dining experience was excellent!  Our server, Elisa, was attentive, knowledgeball and very pleasant.  She even got Bill Rancic to come over to our table and chat with us for a good 10 minutes.  He was so friendly and down to earth.I will definitely be returning to RPM!The food at RPM is very good.  VERY good, don't get me wrong.However, I can't give it more than (2) stars because of the ambiance, and "factory-quality" of the operation.   Dining on a Saturday night during prime time is like being a standing-room only sold out concert!   The bar was PACKED 3 deep, like sardines.  And loud, loud, loud!I had to elbow my way in to order drinks.  The restaurant is quite large, and we were directed to a table in the rear-side area; which was like going thru a maze to find.   We sat down at 8:30, and by the time 9:30 rolled around, the music was significantly louder, and it was "club" type music (i.e., bumpa, bumpa, bumpa).   I didn't expect it to be quiet, but I also don't think a real restaurant should play nightclub music during dinner.We shared several small plates to start; but after that - our entrees took more than 40 minutes to arrive.  Terrible pacing.   We did have a very good branzino for two (mediterranean seabass, and I have to say - it was the best preparation I've had anywhere).   This is a place where trendsters hope to see & be seen.   I give it 2 years max; then the crowds will move on to the next hot thing.If you're craving really good Italian in a "hip" spot, I would recommend Balena, in Lincoln park.  The food & service there were way better.LOVE LOVE LOVE...everything is delectable! Pricey but worth it. Love Mama DePandi's pasta and guiliana's salad! Pasta is homemade obviously and absolutely  delicious. We have tried most items on the menu and all are delicious. We reserve RPM for occasional date nights and girls night out. Great ambiance, food and energy!After reading some of the Yelp reviews, we were skeptical about RPM and definitely concerned about the "portion sizes" that a few reviews complained about.  We had reservations on a Tuesday at 4:30 for four people. Once we walked into RPM, we knew it was going to be a great time.  The atmosphere is great, as is the decor.  The use of all the white makes the place seem larger than it is.The real standout, though, was our server, Glen W.  Glen was very attentive to our table and extremely helpful in both food and drink recommendations.  He inquired about our "hunger level" when we asked about portion sizes and he made perfect suggestions as to which entrees would fit the bill.  Everything that touched our table, from appetizers to desserts, was delicious.  If you are unsure of what to order, ask for a recommendation.  I'm sure you can't go wrong.Took my wife for her birthday (she loves the reality show)- made a Thursday night reservation 2 months in advance - and could only get a 10PM rtable..It is what it is - the flavor of the month hot spot - food was good, not great - although I did like the concept of smaller, less expensive plates to share. Prices were very reasonable - we got two small plates, garlic bread, 3 pastas and a bottle of wine - only $140 including tip. - Thought it was REALLY wierd all the staff had black shoes and red laces....thought that was a skinhead thing.....What made the night special was our waiter, Michael - he was professional without being snobby - and seemed genuinely warm and caring - asked if we needed 3 or 4 of the small plates (never been didn't know exact size) he could have inflated our bill and said 4 - we never would have known the difference....instead his honesty and warmth (offering a 4th afterward if we were still hungry - we weren't) was wecomed - as sometimes you feel pushed along by waiters.This was by FAR our favorite meal in Chicago! We ate at a lot of "big name" restaurants while in town, and this meal offered the best food, ambiance and service for the price. The warm ricotta and marinara that was brought out at the begining of the meal was the perfect comfort food bite to start the meal.  My husband and I had the aged prociutto, which was delicious! It was perfectly salty and aged to perfection.  The brussel sprouts salad was also very good, but don't order it if you DON'T like brussels.  They were able to achieve the perfect balance between bitterness and freshness. By recommendation we ordered Mama DePandi's pasta with a few meatballs, which was TO DIE FOR! The meatballs were juicy and tender and the pasta was clearly hand made and cooked to perfection.  We also ordered the gnocchi.  It melted in your mouth! It was the best gnocchi I have had since living in New York. A bright note of basil really topped it off.  We finished the meal with a banana gelato with hazelnuts.  Words don't even come close to describing the joy I felt when eating a bite.Of course, the ambiance is amazing, and the wine and cocktail selection is stellar.We will be telling EVERYONE about this spot, and we will definitely return again.AMAZING! Great cocktails. I love the pasta. My favorites are the maine lobster ravioli, truffled gnocchi, and prosciutto tortellini. Garlic whipped potatoes are my favorite side.My best friend and I love Guiliana & Bill Rancic so we were super excited when we heard they opened their restaurant here. We showed up without reservations on the Sunday night before Thanksgiving (those of you from the city know that this isn't always the easiest feat).We chose to sit at the front "window" table instead to avoid the 2 hour wait for a table in the dining room. The area by our table was quiet, which we found does not ring true to the dining room when all tables are filled. The entire menu is a la carte, which is standard for a lot of restaurants in the city.For our appetizer we ordered their Fresh Homemade Ricotta, Semolina Bread...AMAZING. For the entree, we split their spaghetti and meatballs which was very good. The noodles are handmade, as you can feel the textural difference. The sauce has a slight kick to it but not too much. We also had the Parmesan Potatoes on the side, very good. Then there was dessert, to which we couldn't decide between Bill's Chocolate Budino (salted caramel and cocoa nibs) and the donuts with Nutella center so we got both. The BEST part of the meal, by far.I would recommend RPM to all of my friends. In most cases you will end up spending at least $30 per person. It is possible to spend $20 per person and be quite filled up.My Fiance and I tried to get reservations at RPM numerous times during our visits to Chicago but never found any availability prior to 11pm.  We are both huge Giuliana and Bill fans! Finally, during one of our visits, after months, we were able to get dinner reservations randomly at a decent time on Open Table.  We had very high expectations for this restaurant based on the hype around it.  But I can't say it was the best Italian food I have ever had but definitely up there. The drinks were definitely memorable and multiple items from the dinner menu.Appetizers - Lobster Caprese, Chicken Liver Mousse, Mediterranean Octopus; my favorite of the three was the Chicken Liver Mousse and then followed by the Octopus. Entrees - Mama DePandi's Bucatini with Meatballs, Short Rib Papparadelle; I had high expectations for Mama DePandi's but unfortunately it might of have been my least favorite dish.  The short rib was very tasty. Side - Roasted Mushrooms; loved it! Dessert - Tartufo; it was to die for! It reminded me of a big Ferrero Roche.. delicious! I would definitely go back to RPM Italian.  The food was very good, the staff was tentative and the atmosphere was fun!Extremely slow service! Painful. We waited over an hour for our dinner. My dinner of 5 ravioli was mediocre while my husbands pork was very go off.I have to admit, I only went to this place because it's owned by Bill & Guiliana Rancic. I kept seeing this restaurant on their reality show so when I was in town me and the lady went to check it out. I was pleasantly surprised.. I was expecting some Magianos type restaurant where all they cared about was return on investment and you're in and out. But this was different. The atmosphere was warm and inviting, everything was great! The servers, the food even the chair I sat on.. I'm pretty picky when it comes to these nice places and am easily thrown off. I have nothing to complain about at RPM. I has the halibut fish and it was honestly some of the best halibut I've ever had. The portions aren't that generous so you'll end up spending quite a bit if you're hungry. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone.Came here with my fam at 3:30 on a Saturday. We originally had reservations at 4 but came a little early and got seated. Portions are smaller and meant to share amongst the table. There are only a few entree portions for those who don't want to share (my dad).We got a bit of everything and it was all very tasty. Food is a pricey.Atmosphere was chic. Waiters/waitresses walking around in white blazers and all very good looking. There were guests dressed up to eat at 5pm...felt a little superficial to me.It's also not extremely noticeable from the outside. Black revolving doors and it looks like there's no one inside.As a big fan of the Rancics, I just had to eat at RPM on my visit to Chicago. We were a bit early for our 4PM reservations (yes, that is the ONLY availability) so we decided to grab some drinks at the bar. I had the moscato d'asti and absolutely loved it! Perfect to quench your thirst after a hard day of shopping! :)We got seated pretty quickly. The menu is simple, which is definitely a plus. I hate places that have so many choices that your head just spins. I had the italian salad and pomodoro - both were great! My friends had the potato gnocchi and lobster ravioli. The gnocchi was awesome...the ravioli wasn't my cup of tea. So overall? Food - YUM!Wine - I only had the moscato and it was greatAmbiance/Decor - simple, elegant and trendyWaitstaff - attentive without being overbearingPrice: pretty moderate...I was definitely expecting to pay moreI think the highlight of our evening was the people-watching. Almost all of the staff walk like they are on the catwalk! It was truly a fun experience!!RPM is amazing!It does take a while to get a reservation so plan ahead, but definitely worth the wait.  I've been twice now, and take out of town guests.  Great atmosphere, stellar service staff, and a great menu.Guiliana's salad has been a favorite, the truffled bread, spaghetti and meatballs, gnocci, etc.Will definitely go back.  Bravo!I had been super excited to try out RPM ever since they opened - and it took forever to get a reservation that wasn't at either 5 or 10pm!  But it was well worth the wait - My super awesome friend surprised me with a reservation last night and everything from the service to the food was excellent!This is definitely the "it" restaurant right now - It was fairly crowded for a Tuesday night.  I really liked the black and white decor they have going on - very chic place.They have an extensive wine list but we were in the mood for cocktails - I tried the Pinwheel and it was very tasty.  I liked the orange peel they garnished it with as it left a great aftertaste.  The food:-Brussel Sprout Salad - my friend and I are not brussel sprout fans and honestly I don't think I have ever had them but this salad was mentioned so many times on yelp that we had to try it...OMG delish!  The dressing, avocado and breadcrumbs on it were fabulous.-Lobster Caprese - We love lobster and the combo with the mozzarella, basil and tomato was absolutely amazing - highly recommend-Prime Rib meatballs - possibly our favorite dish...they just melted in your mouth.  You have to get these when you go-Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro - This was a good pasta dish - Not my favorite dish of the evening but not bad at all.The food, drinks and service was great but the highlight for me was meeting Bill Rancic (I'm a tiny bit obsessed with him and Giuliana).  He was very gracious and even sent us out his dessert: Bill's Chocolate Budino which was caramel and choc goodness!Overall a great evening and now I'm going to open table and booking my next trip there - even if it will be over a month away!I centered my whole Chicago weekend about going to RPM to show my support for the Rancics. I couldn't get a reservation weeks in advance, but we were able to get good seats at the bar after waiting about 15 minutes. We got great service from the bartender. The vibe of the place was young and hip. Everyone was dressed very nicely.We had a bottle of the Pinot Nero and it was one of the best Pinot's I've had. We started with the bread and fresh ricotta, the lobster caprese, and the cheese stuffed peppers. The lobster was so overpriced it was offensive. The cheese stuffed peppers were fine, nothing special. The fresh ricotta cheese was without a doubt the star of the dinner, actually the whole weekend in fact. I've never had fresh ricotta like that, I will definitely look out for it in restaurants from now on. We got Mama DePandi's pasta with a meatball and the papardelle. I had seen many pictures of the meatball on Yelp and it looked huge, but they gave me one teeny tiny meatball. What the heck?! The pasta was great but the sauce was very basic. My bf said it tasted like jarred sauce, and I told him that other Yelpers had the same comment. The paprdelle was delicious, I would highly recommend that.For dessert we had the peaches with pistachio cake and the hazlenut tartufo. I had to get the tartufo after seeing the pictures. I thought it was great! The peach consisted of peaches, a little pistachio cake, and pistachio ice cream on top. The peaches were canned and I was appalled. No fancy restaurant should ever serve canned peaches. I won't even eat these at home! Dear Guiliana and Bill, I am only saying this because I love you and I want the best for your new restaurant... please take that peach dessert of the menu.5 stars hands down.  I was staying at a hotel right by RPM for three weeks and couldn't help myself from continuously going back for dinner.  I hear it's hard to make reservations, and we performed every night, so I would just put in to-go orders to eat at the theatre or in my hotel room.  It was THE best food I ate in Chicago.  THE best.  I ordered so many different things (was there about 6 times total), and everything was a favorite.  The heirloom tomato salad could not have gotten any more fresh and delicious.  Also Giuliana's Italian Salad was a meal in itself (meats, lettuce, olives, etc).  The pasta portions were small, but with something else it was just right.  Mama DePandi's pasta was wow.  Even the side of broccolini had such taste!!  I really wish this was in other cities (it should be in LA!).  Also, the prices were not even expensive at all.  Very reasonable, which I was honestly not expecting.  Don't let the long reservations list deter you from coming to this amazing restaurant - get take-out and enjoy at home!  It's really that good.I wanted to hate this place, but it totally won me over. Everything is small plates, perfect sharing size. I wanted more of everything. The artichokes as an appetizer were divine. We ordered a sampling of things from the dessert menu and I fell into a food coma and don't remember what I ate. RPM, you're hired. (obligatory Apprentice refernce)The food is not bad, but it's not phenomenal either. I ordered a couple of items that were recommended.  Their meatballs are pretty good, but nothing special.  There are definitely better Italian restaurants to go to in the city (i.e. Coco Pazzo).  If you're into the whole G&B trend then definitely go.  The price point just doesn't live up to the taste and quality of the food.I wanted to love it, I love a hip, downtown eatery with small plates  But sadly, I was underwhelmed.  Everything was good, just not blow me away, great or worth returning for.  The location is great, decor was fabulous, it felt very hip and trendy, but the food was just not that spectacular.  One problem might have been our waiter was so slow.  He wasn't busy or frazzled, I just think he had the mentality we might want to wait 30 minutes between ordering a (teeny tiny) appetizer of fried olives (that a good dipping sauce wouldn't hurt) to ordering our pasta.  In theory, I don't mind a bit of a leisurely dinner, but I don't have 4 hours here.  We actually talked ourselves out of ordering an entree because we sat there debating this or that for so long.... the pasta was good, cooked perfectly, but the fried olives and pizzette appetizers were just good, not fantastic.  I suspect I might have enjoyed my entree more, had I not already been there for almost 2 hours and still not ordered it and basically, lost interest in the idea of it.We made a last minute reservation the night before and were able to get 9pm on a Wednesday. We were greeted promptly by the hostess and were taken right to our table when we walked in. The restaurant is super cute, modern and clean inside. They play good music throughout the dining room - not too loud either, which allows you to actually have a conversation through dinner.Our server was Jessie S. and she was good. She didn't exceed my expectations. It took about 10 minutes for us to be greeted at the table - and that was by a different server who informed us that 'Jessie would be right over.' And it took her about another 5 minutes to come. My only annoyance was that she seemed to give more priority to the 5 top who were siting next to us. Twice she was in the middle of pouring our water and quickly dropped the water jug to attend to the other table when they flagged her over without even filling our glasses all the way or telling us she would return to our table. But, besides that, she was ok. The food was really good! We ordered a bottle of pinot. To start, we got the garlic truffle bread and the cheese plate. My friend got the cheese ravioli and I got the lobster ravioli (which was verrrrrry good!). The portions here are smaller - so it's better if you order a few and share. For dessert, we got the cannolis - which were great as well! We left full - but I credit that to the fact that we ordered the bread and cheese plate before our entrees.I would for sure come here again! Gread addition to the Chicago restaurant community!Went there on a Saturday at 5:00 p.m. with no reservation.  We anticipated and were o.k. with about a 2 hour wait - a drink or two at the bar would help pass the time.  When we walked in we were told there was a 6 hour wait - yikes!!!!  The hostess suggested we grab a table in the bar instead.  We are not fans of paying full price for a meal while sitting in the bar however given the hype of this place we were willing to compromise.  We were told it was open seating.  As we walked though the bar there was plenty of open seating however they had reserved signs on them.  Do not offer open seating in the bar if you are going to reserve the tables anyway AND how upset would you be if you made your reservation got there on time and got seated in the bar???????  No thank you - there are so many other choices in this city I don't need to experience the latest trend.The service was worth 5 stars. They provide you with new silverware after everything you eat. You do not have to wait long for your orders to come to the table. As far as the food; the truffle bread was amazing as well as the fried olives.  I got the Tortellini pasta and it was tiny.  They only give you five Tortellini's and this is a dinner portion!  My partner got another pasta in red sauce.  She is a foodie and a cook.  Her portion was very tiny as well and extremely salty;  to the point that she could not finish it.  Very surprising. ..to be in Chicago and go to a fine dining restaurant you do not expext to get appetizer portions for dinner..especially when you spend over $100 and neither one of us drink.  We love G and B but for the reasons above we will not return here.RPM is wonderful.  It has a classy lounge feel. Upscale swanky feel without absurd prices.  The food is delicious but very reasonably priced.  The menu is small plates so it is great for groups, small or large.  Loved the meatballs, scallops, and ragu.  Have never had a bad dish.  In a good location in River North if you want to go out afterwards.  The service was great, waitresses made honest recommendations and did not simply suggest the most expensive items.Very nice atmosphere.  Good service.  Mediocre food.  The wine selection was substantial and my by-the-glass chardonnay was excellent.  I thought the truffle bread with meatballs was very good.  The lobster caprese was tasty but did not live up to the hype.  The scallops were gritty (not acceptable for an establishment of this caliber), the salad was over salted, and the risotto was mushy and lacked flavor.    Although the service throughout dinner was impeccable, at the very end our waiter made a pitch for holiday gift cards.  And again when he brought the check.  I found this to be very off-putting.I would not recommend this restaurant to someone seeking excellent Italian cuisine.  Pelago Ristorante, Piccolo Songo Due, and Spiaggia are better choices for quality Italian cuisine.I would recommend it for atmosphere, people watching, drink at the bar and maybe appetizers.Really had hoped for a better food experience here.  Will not be returning.Bill and Giuliana know how to run a world-class restaurant. Stuffed peppers was my favorite, highly recommended. Staff was super friendly and always there. Make sure you make a reservation though or else good luck!! I was with a small group for a birthday and birthday girl got treated to some delicious gelato by RPM. Very nice of them. 5 stars, excellent fine dining!!It was just ok..I was expecting better. :(Went here last night for dinner with a few girlfriends. Had a great experience there. Our waiter was great helping us navigate the menu. We chose three small plates to start with, the mushroom pizzette, polenta and poached egg (must have), and zucchini chips, all of which were delicious.  While the pasta selections are also small plates, we chose to have these as our entrees and for myself it was good. I had the duck agnolloti  which was tasty and light. My friend had the spicy king crab pasta which I tasted and was also AMAZING! Of course we had to have deserts and we chose the pineapple with the sour cream sorbet (amazing, light and refreshing) and the chocolate dome that is filled with hazelnut gelato. As far as cocktails went i had three of the white peach Bellini's which were delicious.The whole meal was fantastic and the service was impeccable. I will definitely be back again.A tip for men or women with large appetites:  Order many many plates because the servings are VERY small.Run...don't walk, to RPM Italian. We all knew Bill Rancic was a good business man - but he is really hit a home run with this one. It's exactly what Chicago (and River North) needed! A trendy restaurant where I can get delicious food that doesn't involve eating sweetbreads or pork belly? Yes, please. The restaurant isn't your typical Italian restaurant with checkered table clothes and over-sized portions that you want to fall asleep after eating. It is modern, has a great bar, plenty of room, and portions are perfect. Those who complain of them being too small - just order more! Prices are very reasonable! Plus, I didn't find the portions to be that small, at all. For a group of 4 we each ordered our own pasta - and it was plenty since we had ordered apps, garlic bread, and meatballs to share. The smaller portion allows you to enjoy other things on the menu. Everything I've had here is great - if I were to make two recommendations it would be the garlic bread and the meatballs. Best I've ever had. I agree with some that the service isn't top notch - but no one was rude. Just a bit slow/clueless. I'm sure (or I hope) time will solve this. My advice would be for Bill to personally train the servers - he is so friendly and polite when greeting tables. Our servers have always done a great job at explaining the menu, though. Pros- FOOD, the scene and atmosphere, music Con - I'm reaching here, but the sausage pasta was a bit more "fennel-ey" than we had expected or desired - somewhat slow service. Note- Look for Bill & Co. sitting in the booth by the bar - he is there often and very friendly to fans!!a friend brought me here and i was expecting a cool looking place with mediocre food, because come on, that's what most celebrity-backed restaurants end up being. SO NOT THE CASE!Everything was delicious. Strong cocktails, the waiter suggested a wine based on my amateur wine description that i loved and the food was really good! I am planning on definitely coming back. Try the Short Rib Pappardelle, Squid Ink Spaghetti w Crab, Shredded Brussel Sprouts. Pass on the Lobster Caprese - a bit flavorless for me.Where do I start with this one... everything was unbelievable, from start to finish.  First, we could only get a reservation at 5pm because this place is so hot right now.  We got there and the place was packed already, great sign.  Decor is awesome.  Trendy, minimal, clean yet inviting.  Service was impeccable.  I wish I could remember our waiter's name, he was AWESOME (tall, great looking, super fun).  We ordered wine so I cant speak to any of their specialty cocktails except the Bellini, which I started with.  Excellent.  As for food, we ordered a number of the small plates to start, we wanted to try as much as we could.  So glad we did.  The meatballs were unreal, melted in your mouth.  The gnocchi with gorgonzola sage sauce was also to die for. Lighter than your traditional gnocchi, and the sauce was amazing.  The truffle garlic bread was also outstanding, as was Guiliana's Italian Salad, SO good.  We also got the Roman Style Artichokes, they were great as well, not as mind blowing as the other apps but really good.  By that time we were getting stuffed so we just shared one pasta, the arugula pesto, which was great.  I almost wish we had tried 2 more small plates instead of the pasta, b/c we had such a hard time narrowing down what to try.  Overall everything we had was just delicious though.After dinner we had another person join us and ended up staying for a whole lot more wine.  We were there for 5 hours total and the place was packed the entire time.  Music was awesome too.   Our server never once made us feel like our time was up and we should go.  Overall just a fantastic experience.  RPM is awesome, go there, even if it's at 4pm.The hubby took me here earlier this week for my birthday dinner.  I've been wanting to try it 1) because I love small plate Italian restaurants and 2) I'm a fan of Bill & G.  We had 5pm reservations booked 2 months out due to the popularity.  We sat at the bar for drink before dinner.  The bartender had zero personality, but our drinks were good. Our server (redhead, petite girl) was absolutely sweet, knowledgeable and gracious.  She was the best thing about the meal.  We ordered a $$$ of cab that quenched our thirst, but not as crisp as the way the wine tastes at Mastro's, etc.  Overall, the food was just average, not a place we'll go back to again, only because there are so many other restaurants to try in the city that are doing this same concept, only much less pretentious and more approachable.  Good-brussel sprout salad-polenta with a poached eggAverage-mama depandi's pasta-gnocchi al forno-zucchini fritti (bland...)-truffle garlic bread-meatballs-tuna tartare-aranciTry if want, but probably shouldn't be #1-10 on your must list of places to try this summer.Wonderful!!  The atmosphere was very nice and very trendy. From the decor to the servers uniforms. The good was phenomenal, and the service was first class. We took the servers advice on appetizers and were not disappointed. They were incredible. I had the ribeye steak. It was arguably the best steak I have ever had. Absolutely perfect preparation and unbelievable taste. The service was too notch. Not one single thing I would change about the experience. I would suggest anyone visiting downtown Chicago make an effort to visit this amazing restaurant.When I travel to a city I like to go to restaurants by famous chefs. My wife wanted to go to RPM because of Julianna and Bill factor. Lucky enough for her Juliana was there shooting scenes for her reality show.  Now let's talk about the food. I started with the polenta with a placed egg , white truffles and parm  it was incredable!! Then I had the spicy king crab over squid ink spaghetti. I was both spicy and sweet it did not skimp out crab either it plenty of big pieces of crab meat. To finish the meal I had the coconut gellato the perfect end ro meal. I must also mention the waiter we had. Wish I remembered his name he was great knew the menu was engaging and didn't forget we were there.  Would definitely be eating here more if I lived in Chicago.It seems the loud music and trendy decor is there to distract you from the fact the food is uninspired and bland. We ordered a variety of dishes, both starters and entrees, and we had to wait quite a while for anything to be brought out and then everything got dumped on us at once.When my mom suggested we go to "Guilianna and Bill's" restaurant, I was hesitant.  I was worried there wouldn't be much to back up the hype of the "celebrity" owned restaurant.  I've never been so happy to be so wrong.  We've been back twice since and every time, start to finish everything has been fantastic.  The atmosphere is classy and modern without being pretentious, the service is impeccable, and the food is absolutely phenomenal.  We had reservations, (which need to be made well in advance!) but opted to sit in the bar as a great table was available.  Each time, our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.I love that they are mostly small plates to share, there are so many delicious items on the menu, I'm not sure how I could pick just one.  I would HIGHLY recommend the homemade ricotta and Mama DePandi's Buccatini.  I could take or leave the bacon wrapped dates.  I'm not usually a dessert person, but Bill's budino is phenominal.  We also had the banana nutella gelato, which was the special and obviously was delicious as well.  I know we will be back again and again, we want to try new things on the menu, but also want to get our favorites from the last time and never seem to have enough room for it all!I was sadly disappointed. I was really looking forward to going to this restaurant as I am a Lettuce and Rancic fan - it seemed like the perfect fit. Starting with service - server took 10 mins to even come up to us to offer a drink. WE had to ask HER to explain the menu. She was slow and scarce once dinner was served. She served the men at the table before the one woman. There was clearly a requirement to be attractive to work here. No one had an ugly bone in their body. Food - Hazelnut Chocolate gelato was the best I have ever had! Thank goodness I got dessert! The pasta was undercooked and disappointing. Hard to even chew. I have had better made from a box in my own kitchen. Antipasti options were good, but somewhat flavorless. Fritto Misto was the best out of the 6 we tried. There was only seltzer water and salt and pepper at the table. Unimpressive. Space - No TVs in the bar area, bad move for a Chicago restaurant. Besides that, bar was hopping all night, seems like a cool hangout. The women's washroom is a death trap. You open the one way door into a pillar where people are coming out of. Someone is going to get knocked out. And Bill nor Giuliana were there to say hi. : (Surprised my sister for her birthday here and it was 100% perfect!  The service was the best I've ever had!!  Food came out with great timing... as we were finishing salads the entree was brought.. etc.   Atmosphere and food made it a night to remember!  Thanks for making her birthday so special!  They even brought a little gelato with candle for her!Thanks!LisaHonestly surprised about all the good reviews but think it is pretty much based on who the owners are. Hey, they seem like good people and I shudder to say that this experience was only saved by my dinner companions. The waiter was embarrassingly rude. Maybe they are too used to bratty clientele but we certainly weren't inviting condescension, impatience, quipped retorts, ripping menus out of our hands. Wtf! No joke. We were there mid-week so spare me the 'tude. Not one to usually care, especially when having fun with friends. This was too bad to not notice and react. Management should be ashamed. There are better servers out there and this place should attract them. Food was very average. Nothing stood out, nothing was hot, even my beloved burrata was mehhhh. Bread was hard. Way overpriced-it could at least be so good that you don't care. No one really likes small plate Italian!! Seriously, does anyone?? Will not return and bummed about that because was hoping that the real deal concept translated much better than it actually does. On positive side, great wines and cool decor. Just need a reality check that the best restaurants, from dives to Michelin-starred, are the ones that back up affable service with great food and overall experience. Sorry, RPM. Negative. Mostly the waiter's fault. Hey, the bussers were super nice at least!!RPM is perfection.I came here this afternoon for an early dinner with my mom and aunt for my birthday. This restaurant is a little expensive, but perfect for a special occasion (plus, we ordered a lot of food for our money--apps, entrees, and desserts). For our appetizers, we had the meatballs (the best I've had) and the lobster caprese (delish; the lobster was so incredibly sweet and wonderful). For entrees, we had the bucatini (awesome), the short rib pappardelle (amazing, but very rich), and the carbonara (very good and interesting). I've never had carbonara, so I found it really entertaining that they cut the egg yolk into the pasta. :) For dessert, we ordered the doughnuts, which were amazing, and we were unsure about a second dessert pick, so the waitress brought out a little gelato sampler with about 7 different flavors! It had the cutest little birthday decoration, all on the house. I've been wanting to come here for ages, and was so glad I was able to celebrate my birthday here.Mama Depandi's Bucatini Pomodoro is awesome, as is Guiliana's salad. Other pasta was still kind of crunchy (though good flavor), and please just don't order the pasta trombas - it's not that they're bad, just not worth the calories that would be better spent on a dessert or something else on the menu. The place is really chic and polished, and the service is attentive (though almost to the point of annoying). Prices are a bit high for what you get. Not sure I would suggest this as a place to revisit (except for maybe the bar), but also wouldn't resist if a friend wanted to go there for dinner.My wife and I joined another couple for a new experience in Italian and RPM did not disappoint.  The food was a Grand Slam and the service every bit as good.  I don't know who designed and decorated the restaurant but they deserve top kudos.  We had one of the most satisfying eating experience one could ask for.  The wine selection deserves mention here, it was stellar.  Appetizer selection and breads were a great start.  Our salads were very good but each course after were exceptional.  The couple we were with had been to RPM three or four times and kept raving about the place.   We thought we were being subtly set up for a disappointment, simply because the bar had been raised so high!!  Not!  RPM Rocks.  Unbelievable!If you've never been to RPM don't take my word for it, see for yourself.  We left the restaurant at 10 and the line to get seated filled the lobby.Loved the wine selection. Some of the portions were sort of small, but I loved how they would make any dish exactly as requested and it wasn't too expensive! I also liked the ambiance! GrEaT DaTe NiGhT !!The environment is very modern chic and contemporary. The food was great! They don't have too much of range for vegetarians but other than that, what we got was great. The truffle garlic bread was AMAZING. I could have eaten 10 plates it was so good! The drinks were great..a little strong but worth the price. For four people who all got drinks, split appetizers, and four entrees, and a dessert, we ended up paying 45 bucks each. Not bad for a pretty fancy meal. The only reason I gave it a four is because I made reservation 2 months in advance and the only time available was 10 PM...we still ended up waiting a little bit. Also there wasn't really much room to sit...the restaurant lobby gets super crowded really quick.Overall, I'd go again!Tried finding a great restaurant, with gluten-free options, on short notice prior to a concert at United Center. Based on great Yelp reviews, we settled on RPM, and glad we did. The decor is (as many other reviewers mention) trendy. Very cool vibe...lots of pretty people. We were seated relatively close to our reservation time in spite of arriving 5 minutes late. Our server was great....very personable, friendly, and knowledgeable. We opted for a few of their mixed cocktails and were pleased by all (tasty and full of alcohol). My girlfriend and I ordered 2 gluten-free dishes to share. The Carbonara was good...but way too salty for us (probably would not order again). The Short-Rib Bolognese was fantastic. Also worth mentioning was the appetizer...Peppered Beef Carpaccio. It tasted great, but the $15 price tag was a bit much. We would definitely...will definitely...dine here again.Of course I'm a fan of G & B.  I loved my first experience so much that I went back the second time for my birthday dinner.  And might I say, a memorable birthday meeting Mr. Bill! We took a picture and I felt a little starstruck.But I'll actually comment on the food instead of drooling over Bill.  I literally ordered all the popular food items that were yelped by others- and I was NOT disappointed! I was really exceedingly impressed.Squid ink noodles, meatballs, shredded brussel sprouts, calamari, truffle garlic bread....I'm drooling thinking about it again.  And the mini sorbet cones are delish! I'm not a huge Italian food lover so maybe that's why I enjoyed this modern tapas style of the food.  Everything was so tasty and I definitely want to go back to try some other stuff on the menu.  Highly recommend!RPM Italian has great food, an excellent ambiance, and an extensive gluten-free menu.There was a long wait for a dining room table at 9 on a Thursday, but we quickly found space in the large bar area.  Despite being in the bar, service was great.  Our waitress knew the menu very well and was helpful with the gluten-free options. Portions are small (it is more like a tapas restaurant than a typical Italian restaurant).  I personally prefer that - more room in your wallet and stomach.My boyfriend was able to get us a reservation on Tuesday night and they were very accommodating, at first it was around 6 30 but they graciously moved it back to 730 pm, when we were running late (..suburbans that we are..). We decided to hit this place up before going out with a bunch of friends and it was a seamless experience.The decor and ambiance is amazing, just what I like. It was cozy, intimate, yet swanky. I want to echo that much of the clientele is in their mid to late 20s - early 30s. Although we were sitting next to an extremely cute elderly couple - double date.This is the most perfect date spot both for the ambiance and the assortment of food. In my opinion, it is expensive for the amount of food you get, but it is also a fun experience to try a bunch of different plates. I'm 5'3 and 100 lbs and I would probably want two of the pastas, a drink and dessert. If you are just munching though just prior to going out (don't want to be overly-full), it is perfect!We had the pasta puffs app (meh), guiliannas salad (good, simple, nothhing wow), the cheese gnocchi app (very creamy but good), and then we got  mama's pomodor and the corn ravioli both of which were FREAKING OUTSTANDING. I WANTED MORE AND MORE. I know exactly what I'm going to order when I go again! They do have larger portions of their meats and main entrees, but many of their pastas are meant to be small plates meant for sharing and sampling.Our waiter was very good, he knew everything by heart, was able to answer all our questions appropriately and was pretty spot on with the textures, consistencies and tastes of the food. I wasn't too thrilled with the dessert, so we didn't try any, mostly because Sunda down the street and we went and had their "Ridiculous" Dessert, which is bomb.I cannot wait to go back!I have to admit that the few times I've been, I never once had a reservation. We just fought our way for seats at the bar and it worked out really well.Things I love: the TVs, wine list, music (up-tempo EDM)Things I hate: the bartenders, cocktailsI highly recommend the pasta dishes - every single one I've had has been amazing. Their Sunday gravy is particularly good and almost compares to that of my east coast family's. Chicken and peppers is also legit. Bottom line: Sit in the bar area, order some pasta, and ask for a wine recommendation. I haven't been disappointed so far.Filip F. took the words out of my mouth!It would be interesting to see the average rating for women (guessing 4+) versus men (3-)....I'm glad I went....  I enjoyed myself.... the food was good-to-very-good and (based on quality alone) was differentiated from your typical Italian fare.... BUT (and you new this was coming), I doubt I will ever come back unless someone else picks ups the bill OR unless we have out-of-town guests who specifically ask to go here.  Again, this is probably a Mars/Venus thing but I just do not see myself willingly going back for another experience where my $250+ pays for $150 worth of food & drinks, and $100 of 'ambiance'....  i just don't care to pay that much to see others and have others see me.  The best part of the evening is that I was with several of my oldest friends, but honestly once the novelty wore off (about 20 min. into it), I could have had just as great an evening at a local pizza joint.I'd be willing to pay these prices for filet mignon & lobster, but not dressed up pasta & calamari.The only reason I'm not giving this place 4 stars is because of Restaurant Week.  I'm a big fan of the Week and often book 3-5 dinners at upscale places around the city.  I loved our food at RPM, the service was great, the ambiance was great and in-line with other River North restaurants.  But, this was a $44 3-course option. Normally, for upscale places, the $33 or the $44 meals are deals given the options on the menu.  When we referenced the prices of the options against the regular menu, we noticed that the desserts would have had to be at least $12 to even make up the difference. By contrast, we chose a longtime favorite, Ditkas, for a meal the night before. They offered Da Pork Chop on their $33 menu. Da Pork Chop alone is normally a $30 entree. Clearly, the RW menu is a steal at Ditkas... not at RPM!   But the food, yes, wonderful. The cheese gnocci and the tomato sauce they use with the ravioli are stand-outs.  The tapas concept is welcome so people get to try multiple items--- that normally isn't the case at traditional Italian restaurants where you end up stuffing yourself on overly-large portions of one entree.I went here for a business dinner recently and really enjoyed everything we sampled. The waiter did a nice job guiding us through the menu, we tried a variety of dishes and I enjoyed all of them! Our waiter suggested dishes be shared, I felt it was a good way to navigate through the menu.Shredded brussels salad with avocado, lobster caprese - deliciousButternut Agnolotti and King Crab Spaghetti - excellentSalmon and Swordfish entrees - cooked perfectlyHighly recommended! Waitstaff was attentive. There was a good mix of young and old on a Wednesday night.Ever since my last visit, I have had wet dreams about RPM's hazelnut tartuffo dessert. I have a crazy sweet tooth and I often describe this as the best dessert I've ever had. Bold statement. After dinner at Epic, right down the street, we skipped their lackluster dessert menu and got a seat at the bar at RPM for dessert and a drink. We were pleasantly surprised that there were 2 available seats at the bar, so for those fighting over reservations, opt for the first come bar seating. Just as before, the tartuffo (aka giant hazelnut gelato ball with nutella center and hard chocolate shell) blew my mind. My friend who 'doesn't like sweets too much' also enjoyed it. The drinks were good too. Can't find their drink list online but I got the pinwheel... delicious and light for vodka drinkers and forget the name of the other. It was a quick trip to RPM but very satisfying. Great date spot. Additional bonus: They had the bulls game on at the bar.Oh RPM how you let me down... I have been to RPM several times in the past and loved it!  I think some of their pasta's can compete with any high end place in Chicago.  I like the sleek modern atmosphere and usually the service is spot on. We made a reservation on Easter for 15 people to be split in two tables, each table needed a high chair.  The restaurant indicated this may be difficult because their tables for eight our spread out through the restaurant.  When we arrived we found out that the restaurant was able to accommodate us and had two tables next to each other...great start!  Sadly it went downhill from here...the waiter. The service we had was the worse I experienced in years.  His flippant attitude and total lack of enthusiasm was apparent from the moment he came to are tables.  I am not sure if he was having a bad day or simply not excited about the fact that we had some small children within our group.  Several members of the group tried to humor him in hopes this would lighten his mood, which had no affect.  The food and drinks came out in a timely manner and all were delicious but as each dish came out it was placed on our table with no description of the dish.  Members of the second table came up to me after dinner and individually were shocked by our servers disposition.  It truly ruined our entire meal.  Our individual table had 5 adults 1 child and 1 baby. When our check arrived, I noticed that our waiter included his 18% gratuity on our bill which explained for his lack of attention to our table.  I am not sure if it was the guaranteed gratuity, simply a bad day, serving families with kids or the ire of his white jacket that made his demeanor so miserable.  I am sad to say this was my last visit to RPM.  I hope when Bill and Giuliana come in with their baby they are treated better:)Very nice addition to River North and much better than I expected. RPM must be the most hyped restaurant opening this year and so often this can lead to more hype than substance. Friendly welcome and quickly seated for our reservation at 8pm. Restaurant looks very smart without really standing out. The decor and lights are nice and comfortable. Too often a new restaurant comes along and tries to be too cool and it just ends up being ugly and uncomfortable.Music was mixed club tunes and by in large were good (hopefully they will delete the Daniel Bedingfield song and then it would be a great mix).Great wine selection with a nice variety of wines by the glass. I would go back and just drink at their bar to try more of their wines again.We had the following dishes and there was only one dish that we thought was poor:- Truffled Garlic Bread (4/5)- Charred Pepperoni Pizette (5/5)- Prime Beef Meatballs (5/5)- Tuna Carpaccio (4/5)- Maine Lobster Ravioli (4/5)- Truffled Farfalle (2/5)The portions are the appropriate size so that you leave satisfied but not uncomfortably full. The truffled farfalle was pretty bland and not in the same league as all the other dishes. The Beef Sugo in the dish didn't stand out and the sauce seemed to have a water base than cream or anything else. The Pepperoni Pizette was very good and well priced at $7. Better than any other pizza in River North especially Rosebuds effort.The Prime Beef meatballs were the best item on the menu and in a lovely marinara sauce. We loved dipping the truffled garlic bread into the sauce.The Tuna Carpaccio was also very fresh and seasoned perfectly. The Maine Lobster Ravioli was very good, the sauce with it could have been better buy it was still a very good effort.For dessert we had the Black Mission Figs (they had sold out of the cannolis) and the Lemoncello Sorbetto. Both were very good and were a nice finish to the dinner.It was very reasonably priced with gratuity and wine bringing the tab to $150. It is still very early days for the restaurant and I'm sure it will only improve. Maybe we just ordered a poor item but it was impossible to give 5 stars when the truffled farfalle was so poor. Needless to say, I am looking forward to my next visit.It was a fun experience but I would rather go to Maggianos for italian food. I like going to trendy restaurants to try out the food but I was underwhelmed with this place.  I also wish they had a better selection of fruity drinks. The food wasnt bad. I tried to order the popular dishes mentioned on YELP. Although the Fig dessert was awesome. I had that along with this chocolate crunch ice cream ball. Both were sooo good. Keep in mind everything is very small portioned.I went to RPM in January for dinner. We ordered the Fritto Misto, which was overbearing and not very tasty. I politely asked to take it back since it was not what we expected. We also had a food delay, but one of the managers was kind enough to come over and apologize and bring in another item for us to try while we wait. Our server was pleasant. Now I normally do not write reviews, since I am pretty easy going and understand that nothing can always be perfect, but what will make me never come back to this place is how they handled the situation when it came to the bill.Once receiving the bill, I saw the words "GUEST WAS IGNORANT" for not appreciating the squid dish. I was pretty much in shock that this was on my bill (see photo) and the only reason I did not say something at the time (which I normally would have) was I was on a date and wanted to be respectful and not cause a scene.I later found out it was not our server (which I had thought at the time), but one of the managers (not naming names), which was even more shocking. If I was the GM/ owner, I would certainly evaluate your staff since this is the person that needs to best exemplify customer service.C+ for food, F for managementThere's only one word to describe this restaurant and that's amazing! From start to finish my sister and I had a wonderful time.  The decor is so sheik and sexy it felt like you were walking into a posh lounge.  When we went inside we were greeted right away and were at are table within five minutes! Afterwards the waiter came and explained the concept of their menu and the fact that everything was small plates-which I ordinary don't like because lets face it I'm an American and used to giant sized portions-lol. Anyway we preceded to order Giuliana's Italian Salad, the Polenta Poached Egg, and The Spaghetti & Meatball.  The salad was packed with flavor, but the polenta poached egg was simply not my thing and probably wouldn't order that again, but the Spaghetti & Meatball was amazeballs (as Giuliana always says) lol. The best marinara sauce I've ever tasted, slightly spicy, but so so good! Lastly we ordered for desert the Tartufo-a hazelnut gelato with a chocolate shell surrounding it! Can we say foodgasum!!! I've honestly have never tasted something so divine! Overall we both had an amazing time and will definitely be back in the very near future!!I ate at RPM in July 2012 for my birthday. I love the hip yet laid back environment. We had the fried green olives as a starter, they were excellent and unique. My husband had the eggplant parm and he still talks about how great it was. We are looking forward to our next visit and cannot wait for RPM Steak to open in February!First impressions do matter, but are not always true. First time I tried going here, back in March, on a Thursday night, they were very snobbish about a 3-hour wait. I decided it wasn't worth me ever waiting. Happened to return because a friend had planned a dinner here and they seated us in the casual room, which worked totally fine, on a communal table. The service and food were absolutely as good as it gets! I still dream of their Roman Artichokes and the Burrata cheese is stuck in my head! We had the shredded brussel sprouts/avocado salad and our server even knew that the dressing had anchovies and got it changed for us. The Agnolotti was good as was the desserts we tried but I feel like I've only discovered the tip of the iceberg so far!This place was so vegetarian-friendly that it will continue to be my go-to for any special occasions!Had a great experience here!! The lobster ravioli were so tasty. Our server was very happy go lucky and up beat. The atmosphere was fun and not stuffy. We felt very comfortable. My hubby and I took his brother and girlfriend out because they were in town from San Diego and they can't wait to come back just to eat!!I brought my mom and aunts here tonight and we all thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. Sara was absolutely fabulous! She made us feel at home and was the perfect balance of being attentive yet still letting us take the time to decide what we wanted. Since we had never been there, she recommended that we order several things and share everything... very good suggestion. She said tell me what you want and I'll make sure everything is brought out at the right time... and that she did. We were able to enjoy each dish without being rushed. We started with the truffled garlic bread, lobster caprese, wood roasted octopus and the stuffed squash blossoms... all fabulous! We then moved on to the bucatini pomodoro, pork arrosti, truffled risotto and meatballs... again, all fabulous. Of course we shared a few desserts as well. Thanks again to Sara for making our dining experience fabulous... 5 stars to you and the food. Now for why I didn't give RPM 5 stars. We arrived about an hour before our reservation and sat at the bar for a few drinks... completely different experience. The bartenders were not attentive, not very friendly and just didn't make us feel welcome. We were very disappointed.If ,I could give it a ten, I would .... A new Chicago must, Lettuce brought back the old days, of excellent svc and amazing food. Went after wk on 9/18/12,was 1.5 hr late for my reservation,so ,they gave us a table @ the Bar,,,that was nice of the hostess, since the place was jammed packed.Loved the food, everything we tried ,like the wood fired octopus.. oh my god, I felt I was in italy..tried about 10 or more  things on the menu,, I will be back as a regular..My wife loves Bill & Juliana so you know we had to come here... I enjoyed the food but what really made this place stand out in my mind was the service. I don't think I ever saw my glass come even close to half empty. Our waiters suggestions were helpful in deciding appetizers, all which were very good. There was something in particular that caught my eye on the menu so I had to try it: Spicy King Crab w/ Squid Ink Spaghetti, and it was good!It was funny to see not only my wife but other tables around us buzzing how cool it would be to see Bill & Juliana come through the door. Well I guess we were a bit unlucky that night since apparently Bill was there the night before and the both of them showed up the night after! Oh well... hopefully our next trip to Chicago will produce better luck!RPM definitely is a place to be seen and a great place for people watching.  However, if you are looking to be swept off your feet by food, then I would recommend spending your money elsewhere.  Cocktails are mediocre, I would suggest going with wine instead but I only say that because I don't prefer the sweet sticky cocktails anymore and like my drinks to have a little bite to them.  We started out with the meatballs and brussel sprout salad.  The meatballs were delicious, very tender and flavorful.  The brussel sprout salad was a good size portion and I liked the addition of avocado and crunchy texture from the nuts I think it was.  And then entree wise, it went downhill from there.  My party of three shared the king crab squid ink pasta, the short rib pasta, and the special fish entree of the day which was halibut.  Now halibut, while also dependable can be boring, so I always feel that cooking up a delicious fish entree is a test of a restaurant's capability and is where they can show they can shine.  Well the fish was over cooked, and for the price, the portion was small and it was immediately forgettable.  Both pastas felt too al dente and while I liked the squid ink pasta for the spiciness and flavor, I felt the short rib pasta felt short of any expectations.  I had read that other yelpers really like Bill's chocolate pudding so we ordered the pudding for dessert and our waitress also suggested the rice pudding.  The chocolate pudding was a flop, sorry Bill, but if this dessert is named after you, I really have to question your dessert taste.  However, the rice pudding was a pleasant surprise.  It came with two big scoops of homemade vanilla gelato that tasted oh so heavenly!I do have to say that service is great, our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable and the rest of the wait staff is also eager to please.  However with so many other great restaurants in Chicago, I don't think I want to waste any more money here at RPM.  Although if we ever come back, I would definitely order the rice pudding ice cream again...but that would be about it.  So if you do go here, I would suggest ordering appetizers and some wine and dessert, but don't waste your time on the pasta or fish entrees!My husband and I went here for my birthday dinner. We had to wait about 20 minutes for our table despite that we had a 9pm reservation, which is a little frustrating. We only got seated after asking the hostess after the 20 minutes if our table was ready.Our server (can't remember his name) was wonderful. As for food: fried olives- amazing. Fried zucchini- very good. Spaghetti & meatball- so-so. Scallops- very good.They also gave me a cute dessert for my birthday :)Overall good food and a nice dinner experience- 3 stars for the wait time despite the reservation and the spaghetti being so-soYum! First, to all the people who are complaining about portion sizes, this is not  The Olive Garden and if you are looking for that type of heavy Midwest meal you probably shouldn't eat here. Our waiter , David was fantastic. My friend and I didn't have a reservation and had no problem finding a spot at a communal table in the bar area around 9pm on a Friday night. Plates are meant to be shared, and this is a great way to taste the variety of dishes. The wine list is impressive with lots of choices for all price ranges and by the glass.We shared the provolone stuffed peppers. Yum. A good combo of sweet, a little spice, and not too heavy on the cheese. We also got the lobster caprese. Delish and not to miss.  Next course we had the Tuscan Kale salad. Very good. We also shared the artichokes and the scallops with cauliflower. To die for. I will definitely recommend RPM and will definitely be back next time I'm I'm Chicago! RPM is a great addition to the Chicago restaurant scene!Mama Depandi's pasta was my favorite!- reminded me of when I was in Italy last summer! My roommate and I went over to check it out the hype a week ago. Didn't know you had to book reservations at least 2 days in advance for a reasonable evening time (only 4pm and 10:30pm were available day-of, on a Tuesday) so we opted for first come first seating at the bar. We got there at 5pm and there were plenty of seats in the bar, by 6pm though it was packed!We did tapas style to try many things. Ordered mama depandi's pasta, meatballs, potato gnocchi, and the short rib pappardelle- small portions, but definitely filled us up! (too full for dessert, boo!) ALL was very delish, but the gnocchi was sub par, nothing special and a buzz kill. Def want to go back for drinks and dessert at another time!Also, I drove and had to valet ($12) because I couldn't find any street parking, but it was a little slow so next time I would give my ticket to the valet guy before I pay!As a visitor to Chicago, I was excited to hear as we walked through the neighborhood that RPM was Guliana and Bill Rancic's restaurant, and was intrigued by the facade and story behind it, so we quickly decided to try it out and lucky for us, bar seating is first come first serve.The restaurant bar is very dark, drapes lining the walls, it's very sexy environment. For a sunday evening the scene was very lively but still inviting to those who were dressed more casually. As a total house/electronic music fan, I enjoyed the mood music. Would be interested to hear it over the wknd, perhaps louder??? Our server was very helpful and new the wine menu very well. (not to mention he looked like a hot version of Shia Le Bouf). We ordered the Guliana italian chop salad and the caesar. The Guliana salad was amazing. Definitely try it...perfect combination of italian dressing, olives, tomatoes, feta I believe. We each ordered a pasta plate. I loved my Mama DiPandi's Bucatini Pomodoro and my friend had the truffled farfalle. We thought the portions were perfect with a salad order. I'd definitely be interested in checking this place out over the weekend, but was happy I was able to try it out w/less of a crowd and walk-in availability.We somehow managed to get a reservation here before everyone else caught on to the hype and it was packed for a weeknight.  The interior is beautiful-- a clubby feel for an Italain restaurant, which was fun.Our waitress was a little standoff-ish at first, but once she warmed up to us she was great.  She had good suggestions for cocktails and was knowledgeable about the wine list.Overall the food was really good, but for the most part the portions were SO small.  We started with the fried zuchinni which was delicious and one of the only things that didn't come in a miniature portion.  We also ordered the arancini, which were tasty but really tiny.  We shared two pastas and they were both excellent, but again the portions really were small-- especially for the price.  If budget weren't an option I'd definitely be back, but with so many other really great high end Italian options in the city we'll likely save this one for special occasions.The food is great, but this place is out of my price range! I had wanted to try Frontera around the corner, but it was closed July 1-4. That said, the food was great. We got a seat at the bar easily when we showed up around 7 without a reservation and the wait staff was very friendly. We tried the burrata and the meatballs for appetizers-- the meatballs are AMAZING. Then we got three pastas and the prawns. The pastas are all very small portions, so for the four of us, it was not quite enough food, but ordering another protein would have been crazy expensive. The pastas were $10-13 each and the prawns were about $30. We tried the bucatini pomodoro, short rib pappardelle and corn agnolotti. I believe the pastas are made in-house and you can definitely tell! When I have more money (and in Chicago again) I'll definitely be back.If you're looking for a trendy place to hang out and/or eat, this is it.My favorite item on the menu has to be the octopus. The potato gnocchi is a close second. My friends each had a different item off the dessert menu and I took a bite of each and they were all delicious as well. I recommend the tarfuto or if you're adventurous then the rice pudding gelato. I always order a Grey Goose dirty martini here because they're the best! The service is great - always bringing out new silverware, plates for sharing, etc.Yes, I came because of Giuliana and Bill, but the food and the service is why I will return. I wanted to go here so bad I booked a reservation initially at 9:30pm because it is all they had. Thankfully, I got a tip from one of the servers I met at a bar and I kept calling ad nauseum (thanks for your patience, hostess staff!) and got my reservation moved up to 8:30pm. AND WHEN WE ARRIVED, oh my dear lord - my little Sicilian soul was giddy with delight. The decor is very trendy, all black and white, but when you start eating its old school Sicily in your mouth. My suggestion is to come to RPM with A LOT of people. That way you can try as many things as possible and pick off of everyone's plate. We went here during Restaurant Week in February and none of us could stick to the Restaurant Week menu. We went NUTS ordering the homemade ricotta (A MUST), toasts with chicken livers, arancini, grilled octopus (A MUST), and the fried olives. The red sauce they give you with the arancini tasted EXACTLY like my Sicilian great-grandmother's, an amazing surprise. We were dipping that ricotta crostini in that gravy like it was going out of style. The olives were really unique and just salty enough, definitely worth trying. The rest of the apps were good, but my favorites and must haves were definitely the grilled octopus with garbanzo beans (a texture AND flavor explosion) and the ricotta.For our meals, we each got a different pasta. I went with the king crab with squid ink pasta, one friend got the gnocchi, and the other friend got the Maine Lobster Ravioli. The King Crab was PHENOMENAL. So much flavor, just enough spice, creamy, TONS of crab meat, and such a great portion that I ate my leftovers for breakfast the next morning and they were STILL delicious. I also liked the Maine Lobster Ravioli A LOT, it was really creamy and had great lobster flavor. The gnocchi was good, it had the same Sunday gravy we had with the arancini and a boatload of cheese.For dessert, there wasn't even a decision to be made. I'm one of those people that if cannolis are on the menu, you don't have to sell me, I'm ordering the damn things no matter what. Thank God RPM didn't let me down - they were DELICIOUS, complete with crumbled pistachios on the shell. Oh and the pistachio gelato was worthy of a try as well.Throughout all of our ordering and ravings about what we were eating, our waiter was phenomenal keeping everything timed perfectly, being very attentive and quick with the wine, and helping out with suggestions when necessary. And it didn't hurt that he was easy on the eyes and looking quite dapper in his white tuxedo. From beginning to end, the experience at RPM was everything I expected and more and I will not hesitate to suggest it to people visiting Chicago and rave about it on Yelp...it is an absolute MUST when visiting Chicago and was my top dining experience while in town.This isn't your mother's Italian restaurant!Obviously, Chicago has it's choices when it comes for places with Italian heritage, I would say if you haven't been, put it on your list and get on their list soon as there's a wait.First upon arriving, the host staff was nice and effective, we were seated for our "early bird" 5pm reservation quickly. I had called earlier in the afternoon to confirm the reservation and also to make sure they knew I was having some flowers delivered for  the table, as it was my wife's b-day. They were right on top of things and the flowers were nicely on the table when we were seated.Soon our waitress arrived and the discussions started about options, pairings, etc. We had great service and fully supported by great food. This is definitely a place you have to visit either multiple times or with a mid-sized party, so you can try all the different dishes. A few highlights. The shredded brussel sprout salad with avocado was a great surprise. I like b. sprouts, my wife....ehh..., but even she liked the tangy avocado "dressing" that encapsulated the crunchy sprout shreds. The Zuccihni Fritte's were awesome as was the four-way salumi tray (copious amounts of fine Italian cured meats!)  I was trying to stay away from pasta (a small diet) and went filet mignon, which was nicely cooked medium as requested and very tender. There were some great options that I want to try once I'm off my low-carb adventure... To finish it off.. the hazelnut/chocolate Tartufo is a must if you are a choco-holic!This place does have a dressy attire... so tourists, please change out of your shorts, t-shirts or jeans and bring your wallet!I had a wonderful dinner with some friends. We ordered several appetizers including a special of swordfish skewers - wonderful. Tried the ricotta with bread - good. Caesar salad - excellent. Dinner I had the risotto with a side of lamb chips - excellent. Service was excellent. Our waitress was fantastic!My only complaint is that the pricing is two high. Also the hostesses were unhelpful/unfriendly in getting a table.Went to there for wife's birthday had a selection of there food. Started off with meatballs and lobster caprese very good!! Then had risotto di mare, cavatelli, eggplant parm, out of this world. Will be back soon15 Jul 12We were in Chicago for our exclusive eating weekend.  Decided to have drinks before our dinner reservations.  So we stopped by early at around 5pm.  We walked in and asked to go into the bar for drinks.  There were so many employees in the restaurant - standing around everywhere.  My mind was crunching the numbers on the overhead.  I really liked the restaurant decor.  It is well done and thought out.  Loved the windows and the window treatments especially using the natural light to come in.  We ordered glasses of wine and the tuna carpaccio.  The tuna carpaccio was nicely priced for what you get.  The tuna was fresh and nicely seasoned.  The bartender was attentive and knowledgeable.I would return again if i was in search of drinks and small plates.Love this place. MUST get prosciutto and tuna apps, as well as tartufo dessert. Every pasta is delicious. Service can be hit or miss, but never rude. Beautiful decor and excellent people watching.This place is great. Love the decor and the menu is an amazing!  Very chic!  Wait staff is very knowledgable and sweet. I love the Roman Artichokes.Being devotees of Giuliana and Bill on E! My friend and I were excited to try their newest restaurant venture in Chicago. We booked our rez about a week out on Open Table for 11pm (only available) on Friday; but when we called a day later to confirm; we were able to move it to 10pm (so I would suggest calling versus using Open Table). We arrived a bit early, hoping to sit at the bar; but it was jam-packed. There is both a wrap-around bar that people were dining at and bar tables that people were dining at; so felt al ittle funny cramming between people eating dinner to order drinks. We settled in the lobby to wait and people-watch. And oh my, what a scene. This place is definitely attracting the see and be seen crowd in Chicago and we saw them all, including fabulously inappropriate outfits. Worth it just for that! Promptly at 10pm, we were seated at a table near the DJ in the back. We loved our table, as it had a view of the entire bar/restaurant (and conveniently located near the E! cameras who were filming G&B!). The servers were sweet and attentive an the wine list was comprehensive but not overwhelming. We LOVED the menu! Its broken into many small plates, salads, appetizers, pastas and then more traditional entrees. We liked that the menu was set up for sharing and we tried several items including Mama DePandi's pasta, brussels sprouts salad, fresh burrata, chicken livers, stuffed peppadew peppers, polenta with poached egg. It seems like alot (ok, it was); but the portions are sized perfectly for sharing.We LOVEd the baby peppadew peppers stuffed with provolone. The chicken liver crostinis were smooth and rich. My friend loved Mama DePandi's pasta; I'm not a huge fan of bucatini; but the sauce was fresh and bright. My polenta with a runny egg and tuffle oil was all comfort and the fresh burrata was tangy with the right amount of chew. The brussels sporuts salad was the only miss for us. It looked gorgeous with the shredded sprouts; but they were raw, and a bit too astringent and with the tangy dressing; it just felt a little off with the comfort food array we had. So the wine, food, atmosphere and service was wonderful....BUT....the DJ? HORRIBLE. I realize we were sort of in the back of the bar area and it was late on a Friday night; but when you have a dining room full of people eating dinner (which there was at this hour); please do not pump the house music at full volume. It definitely took away from the enjoyment of the meal and atmosphere. Overall, a wonderful meal in a great space.Oh RPM, how much I wanted to love you but you just fell short for me for quite a few reasons. Here's what I did find attractive, the decor. Definitely my style, very trendy, all black and white interior, high lamps, not too dark inside and good looking people everywhere in sight. It's definitely a place to see and be seen, however we were there the night before the Oscars so Giuliana unfortunately was no where to be seen. The place was jam packed at 6pm on a Saturday night when we had our reservation, not a place to breathe. Luckily, I requested a booth so our seating arrangement was a little better and more private. However, it was still loud and I think the place is more appropriate for a girls night out than a romantic first date. Way too loud and if you don't have a good table, you're more than likely to sit on top of your neighbors, and with all the loud music, where is the romance in that? Trendy, show off your Louboutins place? Yes that it is. Now onto the food, I'm sorry for the not cheap prices, I was expecting better. I know they are small plates which isn't a problem for me since you can try more, but I did not love anything that we ordered. Everything was average and doesn't make me want to come back.-Ricotta cheese in oil with a tomato sauce and toast- I've definitely had better quality Ricotta, but the bread was good. -Brussel Sprout and Avocado Salad-It was almost on every table and our server said it was exceptional. I'm sorry, it was way too chewy and raw tasting. The flavors also didn't do it for me.-Meatballs in a tomato sauce-These were okay. Once again, I've had better and I would have preferred them to be a little more spicy.-Lobster Ravioli- This was my favorite dish of what we had, but where was the lobster? You only get 5 tiny ravioli's for $15.00. Kinda a rip off. -Tartufo-the most talked about dessert. It was a big ferrero rocher ball filled with gelato. It was very tasty, but I guess not the perfect dessert to get when it's snowing in February but definitely a summer delight. Try it.Our server was a tad pretentious and I didn't want drinks as I wasn't feeling well so he kinda gave us an attitude as if ordering tea was unacceptable here. However, they did bring us out 4 mini gelato's in the end as a cute treat and finish to the evening which I respected. However, despite everything, I doubt that I will be back to RPM.LOVED IT!!!!!  I have yet to have a full meal there but the two times I've  been there and it's been open less than a week, the food has been outstanding.  The first night I was there we got the Cremini Mushrooms, Fontina Pizzette.  I don't like mushrooms, but I couldn't get enough of this.  We also got Pasta Trombas, it's basically dried pasta, fried.  It's hard to explain, but we joked that it was the Kosher version of pork rinds.  They were just little bits of crunchy deliciousness.  If they sold them in bags as if they were chips, I'd be all over that and it'd be a staple in my every day lunch!  The next night I was there we got the Trombas again and they were actually better the second time.  We got the Zucchini Fritti with Whipped Mascarpone and they were absolutely outstanding, the homemade ricotta and semolina toast also outstanding, and the Eggplant Polpettini (basically eggplant meatballs) - holy goodness!!  So while I only had a few appetizers, they were absolutely AMAZING and I now have to try everything on their menu.Then there are the specialty cocktails.  They have a full bar, extensive wine list and specialty drinks.  The mixologist who started the Whistler is the man behind the specialty drink list.  There were 3 of us and we all had something different.  All were great!  And the mixologist - what a nice guy! The vibe was cool.  We got there on the later side of the night, but the DJ was spinning good music, but it wasn't overly loud like it can be at Hub when you're there later at night.  The decor was simple but tasteful.  I like the black and white theme, but that's my own personal style.  The one thing I'll say is that I've know RJ and Jerrod for years and I think with each new place, they just keep improving on what is already growing to be a very neat empire.  I'm excited to see what they come up with next.Went here with my two friends before heading off to college. One of my friends had already dined here and he knew what to order. Out of the dishes we ordered, the octopus was my absolute favorite. An octopus dish is quite difficult to prepare, but the kitchen really did a wonderful job.The meatballs were my second favorite. They were soft and packed a great flavor. My only complaints are in reference to the service. I requested lemon a few times before receiving it, and by then my dish had lost its warmth. I also remember asking for utensils and then not being given them, thus being forced to use my friend's fork. Was not sure if they didn't take me seriously because of my age, but I just didn't enjoy the waiter or his inability to remember my minuscule but important requests.I really enjoy this place. I eat here whenever I come in fromLA. Love sitting in the bar. The server in the bar was incredible and all the support wait staff professional. Food was off the Hook as always. And, wow! I received a lovely email from the manager! Class act. I can't wait to try RPM Steak!Swanky, trendy, River Northy. But also great service, sexy staff, and excellent food.It might not be the best Italian food I've ever had but it's pretty damn good anyways. Favorite dishes were the squid ink spaghetti with king crab (and a bit of a kick!) and the brussel sprout salad. The staff brought out 5 mini gelato cupcakes for the 5 of us ladies since it was my birthday - very thoughtful. We also ordered the hazlenut tartufo for dessert and it was divine. Really great place if you're into the small plate/sharing thing.I'm giving RPM 5 stars for their prosciutto. I think it has been the best tasting prosciutto I've had to date. It's aged to perfection and served with bread.We also had the meatballs. They practically melt in your mouth and the sauce (gravy) was delicious. I swear they use bread just like my mom and grandma do at home.If you want to be healthy, ask for the calamari and shrimp grilled. I think it tasted so much better flavor wise too.As for the atmosphere, the music is more dance/lounge type with a good beat. It can get quite loud with all the people, but it's not so loud you can't hear the people around you.This place gets packed around 5:30 PM and after. We tried for two weeks to find a reservation after 5 PM and the only table we could get was at the bar. Make your reservation far enough in advance or get a bar table by 5 PM and you should be good to go.After waiting about 2 months for a Sat night reservation, we finally got to experience the dining room @ 9pm on a Saturday.  Incredibly busy at that time, we felt like the service was still wonderful and timely.  Our waitress was thoroughly knowledgeable on the intricacies of the menu, and never forgot about us.  We enjoyed the food tremendously, and look forward to heading back for dinner at some point.The bar, which we've been to on many other occasions, is a serious hot scene.  It can be a bit difficult to get the bartender's attention, but that's because there are usually so many vying for his/her time.  The best situation in the bar is to grab a table, so you can have a waitress.  Love this place for a planned dinner (months in advance!) or a quick stop off for drinks.My wife and I were super excited to eat here once we saw it develop on tv.  After sitting down we ordered a decently priced beer and continued to check out the meal.  We ordered the ravioli appetizer and upon delivery my only comment was "are you serious"?  It was an appetizer for a child's table.  This was only the beginning.  We shrugged off the appetizer and preceded to order our meals.  My wife ordered the risotto originally but the waiter talked her into the special....it was the white truffle risotto and he never once mentioned a price increase...let alone a 40 dollar price increase.  I ordered the tortellini.  Once again when they delivered it, I had 5 tortellinis, FOR A MEAL!!  I said you have to be kidding me!! He said well I told you they weren't big meals!  Anyways I continued to eat it and it was delicious dont get me wrong, but a child's meal!  When I said we were ready for our ticket he said how about some free gelato, so we said ok.  He brought 4 mini gelato cones and our ticket.  Our ticket consisted of an overpriced tiny appetizer, a great tasting child portioned tortellini for $16, a TRUFFLE RISOTTO THAT COST $58 and WAS NEVER MENTIONED, ( small at that),  AND ON TOP OF THAT CHARGED FOR THE FREE GELATO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Never ever ever eat at this rip off establishment.  I like fine food, but not being lied to and ripped off in the same meal.  This place left a bad taste in our mouth and ruined our entire night on our final night in Chicago.This has to be the best restaurant experience I have had in Chicago, hands down. Went here for my 30th birthday a few weeks ago, and was blown away. The service was awesome, and the food and drinks were just stellar. We ordered about half the menu so we could try a lot of things, and it was all quality. The mini cannolis were sooo good. My family and I had such a great time, even my son enjoyed himself, and he was not out of place in this restaurant at 7pm. We will be going back again, very soon.RPM was absolutely wonderful. The service was phenominal. The food was amazing. We would not have changed a thing. We had a party of five, each ordered a cocktail (delicious), 7 or 8 small plates and each ordered a pasta. We were too full at that point to order a meal but opted for desert instead. The menu is set up to order and bunch and share and it all was wonderful. To top it all off, Bill and Guiliana and baby Duke were sitting right behind us witha fee friends. No one bothered them for pictures or anything and they really just blended in like any other customers. Bottom line, i would reccommed their restaurant to anyone and will definitely be going back.Totally surprised and impressed with the food there and the service was very good as well.I Spent 264 on dinner for me and my girlfriend. After droping her home, I had to stop by white castles cause I was still hungry. Food portions are small, bit yet expensive.Disapointed RPM.I have been to RPM twice. The first time was when it just opened and I was underwhelmed with my food. Good but not great. Went back again last night for restaurant week hoping it would be better. Compared to other upscale Italian places in the neighborhood this place is just fine. The food isn't anything to write home about. If you are looking for a swanky atmosphere and food is not as important to you, you will probably like this place. If you are looking for a traditional, authentic Italian meal, I would go somewhere else.One of my friends in New York is a huge fan of Bill and Giuliana. She has asked me often if I have tried RPM and do people talk about RPM. I told her there are tons of great restaurants in the city that it is just another restaurant. Another friend and I decided to give it a try. There was highs and lows to our visit to RPM. The décor is very modern and chic.  I felt cool just walking to our table.  The service was good, but not amazing.  We decided to do the restaurant week menu although I felt our server was trying to talk us out of it. They give you a sample of two cicchetti options. The crispy ravioli was so good, like little spa pillows in your mouth. The other cicchetti was provolone stuffed peppers. That was a total disappointment. They were small red peppers with the tops cut off and a piece of cheese thrown inside. It was drizzled with a light dressing, but I expected it to be warm. For the first course I got the Giuliana Italian Salad. It was by far the most unhealthy salad I've ever had, but so yummy, loved it!  I also had the Sicilian pork dish. The pork was very tender and moist. It came with polenta and kale which made a great complete meal since most of the entrees don't come with sides.  The dessert was a thumbs down. We had the chocolate sorbetto. It was a bowl of super sweet pudding.  We couldn't eat it because it was so rich. I do have to say that I didn't get any of their cocktails. The bar was very busy and crowded. I am intrigued about their whole bar scene and would like to give it a try. Overall, the RPM experience was good, not great.Maybe I expected too much. Maybe I watch Giuliana & Bill too much. Maybe this place just wasn't that special. It really kills me to say that b/c I wanted to loooooove it & sing it's praises but it just didn't wow me.My friend "scored" a 10:30pm reservation on a Saturday night & as soon as we walked in, I thought to myself "this must be where the pretty people hang out". Seriously, the staff & guests were all quite good looking. We were seated in a booth towards the back of the dining room & started with drinks. I had one of the specialty drinks which was not memorable at all so I moved on to a pear martini, which oddly tasted a lot like the first drink. For apps we had burrata, ricotta, & fritto misto. The burrata was extremely disappointing- everyone at the table didn't know what it was so I talked it up & convinced them to order it so I was embarrassed when it was tiny & not as creamy as I'm used to. The ricotta & fritto misto were just okay- nothing special.We all ordered pasta dishes- I had the squid ink pasta w/crab. It was good but not exactly something I will crave in the future. All the portions were quite small so I don't recommend these as a main dish (unless it's after 11pm & you're not starving); I think they're more so meant to be a shard item before your entree.The one memorable part of the evening that I would actually return for was dessert. We had cannoli, the chocolate hazelnut ball thingy (obviously I forgot the name), & mini ice cream cones (it was my bday in a few days so this was the comp'd dessert). Everything was delicious- especially the ice cream! I don't eat dairy at home & when I'm out & decide to indulge, I want it to be worth it & this definitely was! The entire meal was less than memorable but the dessert is what will get me back in here again... and hopefully my nest visit will be much more impressive!RPM is actually a really good restaurant but I think the fact it's so over-hyped led me to have much higher expectations.I agree with other yelpers that it's much better for groups than couples - I went with my fiance and we were so far across the table and it was so loud we honestly could hardly have a conversation so it made for a bit of an awkward dinner.The food was delicious but maybe a tad over-priced for what you're getting (but it is River North so that's to be expected).  A must try would be the fried olives - surprisingly awesome!  The octopus was delicious as well.Glad we tried it out because the food did have some unique elements but I don't think we'll be making a repeat trip anytime soon.One of my new favorite places in the city. It's super trendy and busy every night of the week but the prices are very reasonable for an italian dinner in river north. I made a reservation about a month in advance for 8:30 on a Monday and it was worth the wait. The bread and ricotta cheese tasted so fresh and was a great starter. The pepperoni pizzette is good but like the name says, super small. Also ordered the spaghetti and meatball and carbonara. Our server was very friendly, attentive and had good suggestions.Came here for the celebrity status but stayed for the food. We had the truffle garlic bread which was awesome! The Italian salad which was good but a standard meat/ salad. The mama di pandis pasta was amazing!!! Sooo delicious and the lobster ravioli was filled with lobster!! The portions are small so beware if you are looking for buffet style you won't find it here. I made the reservation on opentable and told them we were celebrating our anniversary and they gave us a hazelnut Tartufo with candles! My boyfriend hates chocolate but loved the Tartufo!This place is terrific.  Great energy and friendly service.  With a $1000 tab I would have loved for our server to have known ounce portions of items but his personality made up for it.  Truffled pasta heaven, lobster caprese gorgeous, duck agnolotti pasta fantastic.  Only complaint is that all the staff looks the same.  Not very reassured that staff is hired on looks first.  Most of the staff was male and no one looked over 25 years old.   When I came in there was no greeting.  I was very clearly looking for my party.  The three staff members at the host stand seemed to not notice or just not care.  I am sure these are kinks that will all be worked out given time.  Check out RPM for sure.  The food is well worth it.  I really hope RPM does not open for lunch.  This is the hip dinner club sort of vibe.oh my yum!!Dined here with the girls last week and we were all very impressed. Considering the names behind this new river north spot, we were a little wary that it might be all hype and no substance. wrong!Got a last minute reservation on a Thursday, and the place was packed with people when we walked in. The vibe was very swanky, downtown but the energy was high. A good mix of business types and friends looking for a night out mid-week, and I dont know if it was just the night we were there but the crowd was quite beautiful (including servers, bartenders, etc). The bar was packed, too.Wanted to share a bottle of wine, and when we couldnt decide which one our server was nice enough to bring out several tasting glasses. Then we started with the roman style artichokes and the truffle garlic bread...yum, yum. The portion on the artichokes was good for 2-3 people...so I'd recommend ordering more starters if you have a large group.We followed this with a bowl of Mama DePandi's pasta and the Farfalle dish. They weren't humongous pasta dishes that a lot of (ahem, chain) italian restaurants bring you. Just the right portion for us ladies. Lots of flavor, and the beef in the farfalle dish was to die for!! So tender, it just fell apart on your fork. We finished with a fig dessert. It was light and fresh, just that little bit of sweetness that we wanted. Would like to see a few more options on the dessert menu though in the future.A few small kinks in service, mostly because the place is only 3 weeks old and our server was super busy. She was very pleasant though, and helpful.Hope to be back very soon to try some of the entrees and some of those delicious looking cocktails that I kept seeing go by our table.Birthday night--I demanded Italian, so off to RPM we went.The hostess was very nice, sat us right away in a huge round cushiony booth-like table. I don't really like sitting next to others while I dine so I'm glad we didn't get seated in one of the cafeteria style tables. The waiter didn't let us know his name, I nicknamed him Frank. Frank was very knowledgeable about the wine list, the cocktail list and the dinner menu. I always appreciate servers that know what they're talking about and can make recommendations. We tried the fried olives (and neither of us likes olives); they were delish! We also tried the 'warm bread'--also delish!I had the Pinwheel cocktail, and wow. Wow. It was fan-freaking-tastic. Not too sweet, not too anything (but it will sneak up on you). The pasta dish I had was also very good as well. Kudos to le chef.Overall a great date night type of spot. There was soft music playing, Frank didn't bother us too much and I couldn't hear anyone's conversation except ours. The atmosphere is great; the décor is stylish and has clean lines. Since we were there late, we saw the care that the staff takes in cleaning up and ordering things just right for the next day's business. Yes, I'll be a repeat customer.Star off because:--The valet didn't open my door (I was in a cab but still...open the door dude I'm in heels)--There was a gnat toward the end of dinner that bothered me (Uncontrollable? Yes, but I don't like gnats). --Frank didn't re-cork the wine we were drinking so we could take it home. Sorry, at $50 a bottle, I'm not just going to leave it there.This was my first time at RPM Italian, and I know it won't be my last!  Decor: This reminded me of a Miami nightclub theme. I love all the black and white everywhere.Staff Uniforms:  Really liked the white jackets and and skinny ties.  Everyone was well groomed.Food:  Most amazing food.  I decided to have the Giuliana's Italian Salad, which was the best tasting salad I have ever had.  Then, went with Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro with meatballs (the meatballs is part of another dish but we added them)  This was another amazing dish.  I will definitely order this again when I go back.Also had the Maine Lobster Ravioli, this was O.K. not too crazy about this, it was good, you get 5 ravioli, but I don't know if I will order this again.  I really did not like the sauce on this.Dessert:  We got 2 desserts, Bill's Chocolate Budino, this was very filling! The pudding mixed with the nuts and everything was great, it was a little hard to eat and messy but other than that it was great!Tartufo this was the hit of our group.  This was as Giuliana would say "AMAZE-BALLS"!  It was the perfect combination of chocolate and hazelnut. Drinks:  I had an Old Fashioned and was great! You can tell it wasn't too dark or too light when the drink came to the table.  Perfect Old Fashioned! Staff:  Our server was Sergio, he was on point the whole night.  Our water was never close to getting 50% empty,  He told us stories of Bill & Giuliana in the restaurant and showed us "Bill's table" which we were sitting next to.  He explained the items included with the meal that we were looking to order as if he had been working here 20 years and tried every single one.  He gave us great suggestions like adding the meatballs to Mama DePandi's dish.  Josh was the manager working that night, very friendly and courteous as well.  The whole staff went ABOVE AND BEYOND.  Thanks for making it a memorable night!I must have been really lucky to get a reservation on a Monday for a Wednesday at 6:15 because I have not been able to get in since. So don't think that you can walk in and get seated.  As with any hot restaurant in Chicago, getting a reservation requires patience, persistence or knowing someone.  I have none of the above so it was a good thing that the food was delectable!The decor is clean and contemporary but the place has a great vibe.  The food was amazing but I knew it was going to be good.  It was better than I thought.  Our server knew the menu upside down an backwards and knew the answer to any foodie question we could have launched at him.  I love that. It was small plates but that's good so that so I can try everything.I would definitely come again even if I have to wait 2 months.  I need to make some friends in high places soon because I am craving some RPM.I've been wanting to try RPM--and well, I finally did. I was pleasantly surprised despite the warnings--but what is great about Chicago is that the trendy places can typically also have great food (NYC could learn something...).Ambiance is super cool, chic, and this is the place where you can get your fast-paced city life fix. I know I need it sometimes. Except then you see a middle-aged man wearing a baseball cap and flip flops. Can't people freaking TRY to look nice at one of the nicer establishments? Not gonna sound elitist here, but geeze, sometimes it's ridiculous. The burrata, tuna carpaccio, and brussel sprout salad were all incredible. Also the chocolate tarte/gelato dessert. GET IT. Everything else was eh, average. Pastas were not worth the carbs, I'd stick with the bread or cheese plates. Service was attentive, drinks were great--but wtf is with the white suits? A bit odd. Also, it is weird how the male servers are wearing ties, but the female servers are not. Not a good consistent dress code--because it seems like the women are just hostesses or whatnot, I was confused. Anyways, I would recommend and I would return, but there are tons of other places to still explore, ones that will also cost a pretty penny.We stopped in rpm on a Thursday around 5:30 for appetizers, or rather small plates as we must call them lately, and wine. We made reservations through open table, although I don't think we needed to as the restaurant and bar were at about half capacity at that time. We ordered a charred pepperoni pizza as stuff peppers app. They were delicious. The service was awesome and the wine was great. I don't usually give out 5 stars, but given the purpose of our visit, it was excellent! I would return for dinner!Went here last night and I'm so happy it did not disappoint! The restaurant decor is very modern & trendy as expected. I thought it was very beautiful and felt like I was in a restaurant in Vegas. The 3 of us were seated in a roomy booth by the bar which we liked so we could people watch. I walked through the dining room to use the restroom and that room was very beautiful too. Our waiter Jake was very good. Not pretentious at all. On to the food! Jake, our waiter explained that the portions are european portions and are smaller. We ordered the truffled garlic bread which was good but I found a little too salty for my taste. Probably my least favorite dish. The fried olives were AMAZING. We ended up ordering a 2nd order. The portion was very small & I could have honestly eaten a whole basket of these. Yummm! We shared Giuliana's Italian salad, also delicious! We each had a small portion, probably better to be shared between 2. The entrees were all delicious. I had Mama DePandi's bucatini pomodoro. It was really delicious. Fresh pasta and a tasty red sauce that had a tiny kick to it. I wish there was a little more cheese on top. I suppose I could have asked but didn't. My sister ordered eggplant Parmesan, also very yummy. My mom had the special, a Dover sole fish. Jake said this dish is larger & could be shared between 2 people. My mom felt a little embarrassed when she ate the whole dish all to herself, but the portion was not that large. I was stuffed by the time the dessert menu came but we were out for a special occasion so we couldn't pass. My mom wanted the cannoli's & enjoyed them although they were not the traditional cannoli. I am not a fan of cannoli's so can't really judge this dish. My sister & I shared a dessert special called bomboloni, which were little donuts stuffed with Nutella and covered in cinnamon sugar. They sounded amazing but I thought they were just ok. The whipped cream served with them was better! I wish we would have tried the gelato. Our total bill was $180 but that also included 5 alcoholic beverages. Not too bad, especially since we were out for a special occasion. I will definitely return to RPM! I didn't mind the smaller portions. It was fun to share a bunch of smaller dishes & we left extremely stuffed. I was sad we didn't see G & B, but maybe next time!The most unique and enjoyable meal I have had in a very long time. The branzino was light and flavorful prepared to perfection. They lasagna with truffles was decadent and flavorful, unlike any I have ever tasted with the beshamel sauce. Grilled octopus is very unique, slightly crispy and delicious. Bill's Budino and the Tartufo were amazing. We didn't want the meal to end. Each course was better than the previous and service was excellent without being annoying.Amazing food! And so nice inside. The bonus was meeting Bill! He's just such a nice guy.Definitely start with the ricotta bread. Amazing.The Brussels sprout avocado salad was good. No chunks of avocado like I was hoping for though.The zucchini frittas can definitely be skipped. It was just odd and bad. It tasted like funnel cake batter.The cremini mushroom pizzeria was delicious. And the short rib pappardelle and lobster ravioli are just haves! So good!Don't leave without trying the tarfuto dessert. It's heavenlyWhat an amazing place!  Me and my husband went to RPM after we got married and the entire experience was great!  The ambiance is beautiful but low key and the food... I don't even know where to begin!  I had Mama DePandi's Bucatini and added the meatballs... I can honestly say this was THE best Italian I have ever had in my life... and that includes a month I spent in Italy!  Since reservations are hard to come by we went home and stocked up for months in advance... and I cant wait to have Mama DePandi's sauce again!My friend from Texas was in town and wanted to go somewhere delicious. So happy I was able to get a last minute reservation here. We loved it! The food was delicious and the drinks were just as good. I'm giving this place a four only because the tables are waay too close to each other. The place is very loud and crowded. I'll be back though just for the food, but most likely on a day when I'm in the right mood. This is definitely not a place where you can hangout and unwind after a long day at work.Pleasantly surprised! When I heard it was owned by the Rancic couple, I thought: uh-oh. But the food was actually extremely decent. We shared a good spread of appetizers, the 600 day old prociutto was to die for. Garlic bread was no slouch either. I loved the spicy king crab squid ink spaghetti: light spiciness with sweet crab. The mission fig dessert was too beautiful to eat (but I ate anyways haha), simple, elegant and amazing. The budino is a beast only true chocolate fans should tackle. Portion sizes were actually good for the price. Server was extremely knowledgeable about the food & wine menu and very attentive. Overall an excellent experience.I LOVED RPM and would definitely go back.  We had reservations at 5:30 on Friday and were seated promptly. I had the Shredded Brussel Sprouts with Avocado, which was delicious!!!  For my main dish, I had Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro which was some of the best pasta I have ever had.  AMAZING!  It was the perfect size entree for me.  I hate those restaurants that give you super huge portions.  I also highly recommend the Truffled Garlic Bread since it goes VERY well with Mama's pasta.  I felt perfectly satisfied after our meal.My husband had the meatballs as one of his dishes and he said they were some of the best meatballs he has ever had in his life.The restaurant was gorgeous, beautifully decorated, clean bathrooms, and wasn't loud at all.  Only complaint = Our waitress was super nice, but some of the other male servers seemed like they were gossiping directly behind us while they were just standing around.  One of the people I was with felt a little uncomfortable with that since we weren't sure who they were gossiping about.I really enjoyed RPM Italian.  I went with a group of four other girls, and I think a group is the way to do it.  We got to enjoy many of the dishes, we left full, 1-2 glasses of wine and with tip we paid $52 each.  Not bad.  The noise level was fine, I could hear everyone and did not have to yell. The interior is just beautiful and the service was great.  There were a few missteps, but they were corrected quickly.  I never felt like I was waiting for anything.  Mama Depandi's pasta was delicious. I also enjoyed the gnocchi, brussel sprout salad, even the plain old bread was delicious. Nothing was bad.  Thumbs up!No thanks Guiliana and Bill. My girlfriend wanted to try this place thanks to the G & B show pimping it so hard. This place was lackluster at best, the taste of the food was good but the portions of food you get belong in Hollywood or Miami. They advertise themselves as a homemade Italian restaurant, I'm sorry but the dozens of Italian Nonna's I've had the pleasure of sitting down to dinner with would be rolling over in their graves. I expected family style type portions and received entrees that were the size of appetizers. THIS IS CHICAGO, where 90 percent of the Italian restaurants in my neighborhood are better than this place and cost half the price.To top it off , there were fruit flies all over the dining room which is never a good sight considering the bar and kitchen were on the opposite end of the room. Needless to say, I'll never return.UPDATE: We were asked for a 2nd chance by management after my previous review, so we gave it to them. On our return visit we kind of knew what to expect so it wasn't so shocking to see the portions. We ordered A LOT of food this time. The food was delicious, all of it. The food wasn't the issue the first time, it was the small portions for the prices. If you have a hearty Chicago sized appetite, you have I expect to spend around $100.00 to leave satisfied. We had multiple entrees, multiple appetizers, dessert and a few drinks. I'm still only upping my rating to 3 stars because I don't mind spending some money on a good dinner but I hate when it's necessary to leave with your stomach full. The staff are all amazing too. Very nice.I'm a fan of Giuliana and Bill and wanted to try their place- glad I did. The food is de-lish. The place is swanky and beautifully designed. Plates average $15-25 went with a group of friends, we split the bill (ha, get it?) and it was pretty reasonable considering how much hype surrounds the place. Good portions for Italian food. Minus one star because our waiter had somewhat of a 'tude. Maybe he had a bad day, but we made our reservations two months in advance! He seemed irked that we were taking our time and wasn't very personable.I kept hearing buzz about RPM and now I know why. Went there last night with a party of 10 for a late dinner. As soon as you walk in, it feels modern and classy. The place was packed, as I hear it often is. The person who said in her review it's a spot for mid-to-late 20s and early-to-mid 30's is dead on. And she's also right that you'll see people at the bar dressed up to go out because it's a popular spot for dinner before people hit up River North hot spots like Paris Club, EPIC or the new place on Kinzie, Untitled. Our group had a table in a slightly more private space toward the back of the room. It's a nice table for as many as 12 if you have a big party. You'll be the only table in that space, but it does open up to the rest of the restaurant, so you won't be secluded. I will say everyone said that every single thing they ate was delicious with just one appetizer (the pasta puffs) that no one was impressed by. They taste like Pop Chips. Ain't nothin' wrong with Pop Chips - just not at a nice restaurant like this. What I can say was OUTSTANDING were the prime beef meatballs. Never had a meatball so tender in my life. We each had one as shared small plates and I loved it so much, I had to order more meatballs as my entree with a side of asparagus. The creamy polenta was ridiculously tasty. Someone ordered a filet they said was excellent. Our birthday girl got gnocchi and loved it. Another girl got Giuliana's salad, which she had once before and loved enough to want it again. I also really appreciate they have a number of gluten-free options and they even have it printed on the bottom of the menu that a gluten-free menu is available. I'm on the Paleo lifestyle diet that coincides with being gluten-free and am learning how hard it is to find restaurants with many options. Service was alright. We did feel our server wasn't as attentive as we would have liked, but I have no idea how many other tables or large parties he may have had. A lot of people had to wait a while for him to come back so they could order another drink, for example. Was a nice guy though. I will absolutely return!Amazing food and drinks.  try the Gnocchi and fresh made vodka gimlets.  Our server and the ambiance was wonderful as well.Just had dinner with a group of 8. Everything was terrific - appetizers: prosciutto wrapped figs, kale and spinach salad, heirloom tomatoes, zucchini chips...pastas delicious, we had the sweet corn agnolotti, cavatelli, carbonara, risotto, spaghetti meatballs,...entrees excellent - scallops, roasted chicken, eggplant parm...dessert was amazing, Tartufo was the best we have ever had!!! Sorbettos excellent - we tried the raspberry and limoncello. Service is tremendous here - staff very attentive. Highly recommend!I'm so disappointed in this restaurant! I was really looking forward to it too!  The food was cold and tasteless!  It is a cute place with a great atmosphere with good people watching, great location but nothing worth a return trip!  With a party of 8, we tried most things on the menu and I wasn't impressed by any of the dishes.Made reservations way ahead of time. Arrived right and time and was quite happy that we were seated right away. Didn't get to see too much of the restaurant but it was packed and is a beautiful restaurant. Waiter was super friendly and helpful with recommendations. We started w/the fried zucchini (discs instead of spears or other cuts in a tempura type batter with some tasty herb sauce), truffled garlic bread (not as good, flavorful, or as decadent as i expected, much better with the the great tuscan olive oil we requested), and stuffed peppers (awesome!). We then had two pastas (the one with the sweet corn was delicious!), the heirloom tomatoes (with gorgonzola and a few crisps), the italian salad, and the cauliflower gratin (rich and delicious) and some grilled asparagus. That was the right amount of food for four of us (we didn't try/need any entrees or any dessert).So, I came here for a bachelorette party on Friday. Our reservation was at 930 and we were not seated until 10.  I was thinking about the horrible review I was going to write, when the hostess came over and apologized and said they were sending some complimentary appetizers for our table. I was happy that they addressed the issue. I was even more happy when the bill came and saw that they also comped a few drinks. Great customer service. I also had a really fun drink called the something Rosa, I can't exactly remember but it was delicious and refreshing! Cant wait to try RPM Steak!I absolutely LOVED RPM. Not just because I love Giuliana and Bill but because everything we ordered, both times I was there, was very, very good! For appetizers we ordered the garlic bread which is a MUST have. They top it off with truffles and it is so good, but don't forget to save some for your pasta later on. Spaghetti, pilled high on a piece of their garlic bread is heavenly! We also tried their charred pepperoni pizza, Zucchini fritti, Prime Beef Meatballs, Gnocchi al Frono. All worth trying! Their spaghetti and meatballs is a classic with a twist, I highly recommend it!YUM! From start to finish this was one of the best experiences I have had in recent memory. I was on a girl's trip to Chicago and had made reservations 5 weeks prior. A little hesitant at first but I was proved wrong.Alex, our awesome server, was funny and helpful and we never felt unattended.The Roman-style artichokes were a hit as was the Lobster Ravioli. It is a loud restaurant but we lucked out with a cozy booth in the back far from the bar.I highly recommend this place!While visiting Chicago for my friend's wedding I made it my personal mission to try this restaurant before returning to the east coast.  I'm a huge fan of the Rancic's show and could not wait to try this restaurant.  First off, I just have to say that I loved the ambiance.  The black and white decor gives this space a very chic and clean look.As huge fans of fried calamari, we started with the Fritto Misto.  It was light and had just the right amount of flavor.  For entrees I had the wild pacific salmon and although it was delicious, I couldn't take my eyes off of my husband's filet mignon.  Two thumbs up to the chef!! I've never seen my husband devour a steak the way he did this one!  I tasted a small piece and it was juicy, tender, and bursting with all the right flavors.  We also ordered the parmesan potatoes, which I liked, but I wasn't crazy about them.Definitely plan ahead and make a reservation for RPM...I made mine 1 month in advance and my options were limited. The next time I'm in Chicago I'm definitely returning to RPM!!  In the mean time, I'm going to keep my fingers crossed and hope that one day they bring RPM to the NYC Metro area :-)Delicious! I have to say this is one of my favorites in Chicago. It is a bit on the more expensive end but the food is consistently consistent.  I just wish it were easier to get a reservation...This place had a hip happening vibe. We sat at the bar and enjoyed the great company and fantastic service from the bartender. Since it was so packed, we went ahead and dined at the bar and it was was still impeccable. We had the lobster caprese, mama dipandi pasta, squid ink pasta, and the canolis. Not only was the food was top notch, I was able to see Bill Rancic at a booth a few feet away. Fun night:)Had a wonderful experience at RPM..great atmosphere, unusual drinks, excellent food, and the best waitress ever...her recommendations were point on. The hostesses were also very nice and accommodating despite our party being late for reservation time. When I go back to Chicago, I will go back..the risotto was amazing!My friend and I dined at RPM Italian this past Wednesday and had a wonderful experience.  We had a 5pm reservation and were seated immediately.  The service was impeccable from start to finish.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and recommended several dishes for us to try.  We started out with the meatballs, pepperoni pizzette, and octopus. Not being a fish eater, I really enjoyed the octopus. Already feeling rather full after our appetizers, we decided to order just 2 small pasta dishes. We decided on the potato gnocchi and the short rib pasta.  Both were delicious.  Last but not least was dessert! Being torn between the Tartufo and candy cane special, we went with the Tartufo and definitely weren't disappointed. This was a chocolate ice cream ball with a chocolate hazelnut shell around it. It was amazing! I am looking forward to another great dining experience a RPM!Atmosphere:  Quite the buzz here.  Very trendy, black and white decor.  When you walk in, you'll immediately feel as though you are entering the "scene."  Great vibe, with a crown mix of late 20's to mid 30's.  5 StarsFood:  Slightly above average.  As others have mentioned, the portions are quite small.  With that said, I full expected this before I chose to go here.  My girlfriend and I ordered 4 small plates from the top of the menu, which were essentially appetizers.  The fried olives were incredible (and I HATE olives).  Be sure to get the bread with ricotta as well - one of the few filling items on the top of the men.  For the "main course", we split the cheese ravioli.  This was very average.  To be honest, it tasted like something you'd buy out of the frozen food aisle.    For dessert, we chose the Tarufo with the guidance of our server.  Wow, this was excellent.  Easily, the best part of the meal.  3 1/2 StarsService: The wait staff is very good looking, with a solid mix of both men and women.  The host who sat us was incredibly gracious, and even commented on how great he thought my girlfriend's outfit was - in a classy way.  Our server, Tracy, was perfect.  She was very attentive, offered great menu insight and kept our wine glasses full.  They scattered each menu item we ordered out and made sure we always had something fresh on the table.  We really enjoyed this approach, as it made the meal much more excited and allowed great opportunities for socializing.  5 StarsPrice:  Each plate is very reasonable priced.  With that said, if you want to get full - you must order many of them.  In total, we ordered 4 items off the top of the menu, 1 pasta entree and a dessert.  I left feeling very content - but not stuffed.  The food, along with a $36bottle of Riesling amounted to a $98 bill.  Tip and all, we paid $130.  For a young couple in Chicago, I don't consider that too shabby.  With this restaurant, you are paying more for the experience and atmosphere - not necessarily the quality of food.  4 StarsOverall, I loved this place.  Next time I go back, I'll try some different menu items, as there are a good variety to choose from.  Also, this place would be great just to grab a couple small plates, along with a bottle of wine.  That's the key with RPM, you shouldn't come here if you plan to stuff your face.  There are plenty of other places in Chicago for that.  If you're looking for a light meal with great variety, a few drinks and a trendy/upscale atmosphere - this is the place for you.4 StarsI wanted so desperately to not like this place...I thought the hype probably outweighed the performance.  But, I was completely wrong.  This place is marvelous!Go!Went here last Friday night with some girlfriends. We had reservations at 10pm and the place was packed! We ordered a few dishes and shared. I have to say, the food was delicious but portions are on the small side. I particularly liked the 600-day prosciutto, roasted sea scallops (they come with only 3 scallops so not enough for a meal on its own) and Guliana's Italian Salad. I also tried the strozzapreti which was ok - I think the pesto sauce was a little bland.I was also pleasantly surprised that the music was mostly progressive house, which is my favorite! I can't find a bar/lounge in Chicago that plays this but a restaurant does, GO FIGURE!However, I took off a star because the service was very, very slow. It took a good 20 minutes for my drink to come. And then the server barely even acknowledged it! It would have been nice if he had comped my drink but if not, at the very least, he should have been apologetic!Despite this, I will be back and hopefully have service comparable to the quality of the food and music.We went to RPM while on our honeymoon in Chicago. The food is divine! I loved the small plates, just perfect to try more things on the menu without filling up.  Try Momma D's pasta!  The staff was great. The place was packed and we still had top notch service.  I went there again in April while on a trip with my daughter. Delish!Amazing food that is complemented by a great atmosphere! Loved the muted cream and dark wood decor! Food was great and the homemade coconut gelato was TO DIE FOR!!!My husband and I celebrated our 2nd anniversary here last night. I had been in for apps and drinks prior to last night, so I knew what to order in that department (prime rib meatballs, warm bread and cheese, and a peach Bellini). I accidentally ordered the wrong dish (it had mushrooms and I detest mushrooms). It was completely my fault for not knowing my Italian heritage's language, but they brought me out a different dish, no questions asked. I was so delighted with the tortellini! Amazing. My husband very much enjoyed his quid ink spaghetti and lobster as well. For dessert, I ordered a cappachino and it was foamy and delectable. We were about to call it a night and the server brought out little samples of gelato for us. He was great! We couldn't have asked for a better dinner (unless G & B were there...)! Tip: make your reservations at least a month out.Very underimpressed.I finally obtained reservations for a Saturday night at RPM to celebrate mine and my husBAND's 3 year wedding anni.  We got to the bar early...like 1.5 hours early...and it was PACKED.  We stood for about 20 minutes waiting for seats before my husBAND eagle eyed a potential opening.  We were lucky to get those seats because people were prepared to shove and slink in...whatever it took to get a seat.We are those people that prefer to eat at a bar because we enjoy people watching, talking with strangers, and not being trapped in our own little world.  However, I decided that since we had reservations and the fact that this bar was packed that I would opt to utitlize our reservations this time.We sat at the bar for just over a hour, had some appetizers, mutliple drinks, and much people watching.  The people this place attracts are OVERLY ridiculous...the other reviewers are spot on...PRETENTIOUS!!!  This usually is not a turn off for me as I usually find these people entertaining.  Not only were they pretentious, they were grumpy!!!  They actually stand behind your bar seat and stare holes in your head trying to make you move.  I was so irritated with one couple that did just this for 30 minutes that I told my husBAND to go cancel our reservations and we would eat at the bar.  I, of course, did this quietly so that this couple did not hear.  They got super excited when my husBAND got up and started getting their fur rimmed coats all situated, etc....I simply politely smiled at them.  Then my husBAND came back and ordered another drink...the look on their faces was hysterical.  They stared for about 20 more minutes and then gave up.  See, pretentious people do provide entertainment!We opted to order more small dishes and appetizers for our meal instead of actual entrees.  Everything we ordered was decent.  Not oustanding or to die for, but not bad either.  Definitely not good enough for all of the hype.  I could see this being a decent lunch place.  While some of the dishes are a bit pricey for the size, our tab for our 3 hours there...which included MANY drinks...was not bad at all.  We actually were stunned and thought they might have under charged us...not the case.  I guess what I am saying is that I would suggest getting small plates to share instead of personal dishes and/or entrees.  This provides you plenty of food and is fairly inexpensive.Oh...almost forgot to mention the table situation.  When my husBAND came back from canceling our reservation, he mentioned that there were 5 tables sitting wide open.  He went to the bathroom about 30 minutes later and noticed the same.  When we left we both went to the bathroom and I witnessed this for myself.  Why so many people fighting for seats at the bar to eat without reservations when there seemed to be plenty of open tables.  Also, why are reservations impossible to get when there are so many open tables on a busy Saturday night???  Sorry...one more quick note for the ladies.  Watch which heels you wear, the floor in the dining room area and toward the bathrooms is a little slick.  Not going to break your neck or anything, but after a couple of drinks, we all get a little wobbly in our heels.  Just saying.So, in summary, I wouldn't not suggest RPM to someone, but would advise them to wait until the hype has diminished or go on an off night.  I would suggest eating at the bar and would also suggest ordering multiple small plates to share.  I probably would have given this place 4 stars, but the atmosphere at the moment only warrants 3 stars.I loved RPM!  The atmosphere and ambiance is beautiful... feels very glamorous, the white-jacketed waiters really complete the effect. Very classy, but like still cool enough to be comfortable. We did not have reservations, but were seated right away, but it was later and a Tuesday.  The dining room was busy.  The entire thing was amazing.We had the imported burrata (amazing!) with tomato jam; Pasta Puffs (crispy fried orecchiette with parm); RPM Caeser Wedge (AMAZINGLY GOOD with polenta croutons!); Polenta with poached egg, fresh black truffle and parm (Melt in your mouth decadent); Short Rib Pappardelle (with fresh thyme and rosemary, pecorino); Cacio e Pepe (and yes, Davanti's cacio is better, but this was pretty good.) For dessert we had Roasted Black Mission Figs with crushed amaretti cookies and marscapone crema (and honey!), so good as well as the Peaches with pistachio cake. ohh yes, and the wine, (SWOON... having gone from never ordering bottles of wine, to almost always is so fun!) We had a Rosso di Montepulciano from 2009. Fancy. Very good night, very good food.Can't wait to go back!My mom loves Guliana (sp) so naturally we had to go into their joint. The atmosphere was trendy and modern with out being pretentious. The server was attentive and pleasant. I had the stuffed peppers and the fried artichoke, AWESOME. I also had the eggplant parmesan which was FANTASTIC and I eat a lot of that so im particular. Only gripe was the side dish came out when we were half way done with the food, everything else was great.A little dissapointed with The food. I waited forever for a reservation bc this place is so popular and was definitely disappointed with the food. It was definitely good but nothing spectacular. The ambiance was super fun and staff was great but definitely nothing exceptional. The lobster risotto was terrific and the wine serving generous but the Sunday gravy was bland and the gnocchi was over cooked. My friend was unimpressed with his steak and also disappointed in her cocktail. Overall a great experience, just don't expect the food to blow you away.I have to admit... I was lured here because of my slight appreciation for the Rancics. However, the "soft core" epicurean in me was quite skeptical of the level of food I would find. Often "Hollywood celebrity" restaurants and some "star chef" establishments wind up being more pomp than substance. RPM's food was delightfully (and somewhat surprisingly) delicious and on par with some of the finer establishments in Chicago. I ordered a Padua Sour for a cocktail. It's Grey Goose, Aperol, Lemon, and Orange Bitters. It's well-balanced and not too sweet yet not too bitter. We started off with a side of the prime beef meatballs and truffle oil garlic bread. WOW. Paired together... it's magical. Sop up some of that meatball sauce with the garlic bread and seriously... you could make a meal out of that alone! So good! One side of the bread, however, wasn't toasted as well as the other side. Half the bread was a little softer and less crispy, but no big deal... still packed a wallop of flavor. We also ordered three pastas. (They're all small portions.) Instantly, I suspected the short rib pappardelle would be fantastic... and it was. Easily my favorite pasta of the night. It had melt-in-your-mouth short rib meat on top of a bed of pappardelle pasta and a lovely tomato/bolognese sauce. There was a hint of rosemary and pecorino as well. The butternut agnolotti was also quite nice; a little bit on the sweeter side, of course. The proscuitto tortelloni was a toss-up. On the one hand, I liked that they were shaped like dumplings and the meat (for good and bad reasons) tasted like breakfast sausage links. (Jimmy Dean, anyone?) Now, I admit I do love sausage, but I didn't think the flavors would resemble a generic type of breakfast meat. The dumpling skin was a bit tough as well. I think maybe one more minute of cooking or steaming or whatever would've softened it just right. The sauce for the tortelloni was also quite forgettable. It was a clear and somewhat creamy sauce with parsley. While not a complete failure, that was my least favorite of the night. We also ordered the chicken liver crostini with pancetta. I understand these are one-bite crostinis, but there was way too much liver for each piece of bread. It should've been scaled down a bit... or they could've put it on a larger piece of crostini. Lastly, we ordered the tarfufo for dessert. Okay I am really glad we decided to share this dessert since it was massive! It's basically one huge ferrero rocher... not that I'm complaining! It resembled that candy in both flavor and presentation. It's definitely an eye-catching dessert and turned heads from the tables around us. The table next to us had to know what we were eating. "Tartufo!" we said, and they stared at it for some time. (Hmm... I kinda felt uncomfortable with the staring! [Which is why I don't like it when restaurant tables are put so close together. AWKWARD!]) Anyway! The tartufo was also served with two very small-mouthed spoons with large handles (that was actually a bit annoying since I felt a fork would be easier to eat with for this monstrosity.) The ambiance of the restaurant: gorgeous. I loved the ceiling light fixtures, and the restaurant's overall clean lines do not distract you from your meal and who you're with. We had a 8:00 PM reservation on Monday. It was moderately dim in the restaurant, but come ~8:30ish, they dimmed it more and bumped the "untz-untz-untz" music higher. The serving staff all wear white coats (must be scary to serve tomato sauce with!) and the hostesses/hosts (from what I remember) all wore black. Very coordinated uniforms there, RPM! Anyway, I anticipate even more trips back here. Solid job, Bill, Giuliana, and those folks at Lettuce Entertain You. LEY strikes again! They keep taking my money... but that's okay. I like their food! NOM. NOM. NOM.Great layout, great small plate stuff that allows you to try a bunch of things and good wine.  Also bill ransic and lady Gaga were there......and got chef and bill to sign menuFood was delicious. Service was good. Ambiance is definitely River North.  All in all a very nice establishment.My family and I set up a reservation 3 months ago to RPM. Let me tell you, it was worth the wait. The food was amazing! Warning the portions are smaller. We had six people and ordered 3 salads, two garlic breads, octopus and egg and it was a perfect starter for everyone. My point is that everyone got to taste just a little bit of each dish. It worked out nice. Then we ordered two spaghettis w/ meatballs (meatballs are amazing!), some other pasta dish (forgot sorry), and a pasta dish (forgot this too :-/), but we were all satisfied towards the end of the meal. The server (Jake) was very polite and answered questions with knowledge when asked. The interior and overall feel of the place is very nice, dark wood colors mixed with the white servers suits was a nice touch I felt. The bar does have TV's so you can watch the game. I give it a 4 out of 5 because the appetizers and entrees literally came out less then ten min after we ordered them. I felt that they were rushing us along with our meal.We are big fans of Giuliani and Bill and likewise with their excellent and romantic restaurant.  We try to go as often as possible.We ate dinner at RPM Italian over Memorial Day weekend. It was myself, my husband, and my 9 yr old daughter!! We absolutely loved everything about it. The service, the atmosphere, and the food!! We could not get enough of the chocolate caramel budino!!! We can't wait to go back!Try their housemade pasta, especially the squid ink spaghetti. It will floor you! One of the best texture noodle ever!Excellent experience. The service and ambiance was tremendous. Sounds bizarre but, the portions were perfect. Many italian restaurants have a tendency to over serve you with heavy amounts of food. I will certainly return in the future. It was also good to see the cliental was dressed appropriately.I just went to RPM to celebrate Mother's Day and a birthday with my family last weekend and I couldn't have been more impressed.  This was my second time to the establishment.  At first I was wondering if all the hype was warranted or if it was just because of the Rancics.  I'm here to tell you that it is more than a celeb owned hot spot.  The food is extremely flavorful and delicious.  The service is polite, professional, and they make great recommendations. On Mother's Day, aside from the fantastic meal we were delighted at the end with gift cards for the mothers to RPM and other partner owned establishments.  What a nice treat!I stayed at a hotel about 2 blocks away, and I had wanted to try rpm since I saw it on Guilianna's show so I met up with some friends to have a late dinner. I arrived at around 11:10pm on a Monday night. I was given the options to sit at the bar or the restaurant. I picked the restaurant. I like the fact that it closes late and still serves dinner after 11pm. Service was fast and food was great. My table ordered the lobster caprese, polenta poached egg, Mama's pomodoro, spicy king crab spaghetti. Everything came out was actually really tasty! I especially like the texture of pasta. Not sure how to describe it, it's chewy and "bouncy" at the same time. Not hard nor smushy. I took out 1 star because the price seems very reasonable on the menu, but the portion is kind of small. Isn't Italian all about big portion? It worked out for my table because nobody wanted big portion at that time of the night, but if I were eating at an earlier time, I would have to order 2 pastas for myself. I would definitely go back next time when I am back in Chicago.As a fan of Giuliana and Bill, I decided I needed to check out their new spot.  I also knew since the Melman's were involved the quality would definitely be there. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality, price point and overall atmosphere of RPM Italian. I had a 630 reservation but arrived about a half hour early and we were seated right away. It was early in the evening, so a lot of the crowd was sitting at the bar for after work drinks/appetizers it seemed. To start I had a Bellini and it was delicious! My friend and I tried the meatballs, mushroom and the truffle oil garlic bread which was fantastic. The entree portions were just right in my opinion. I was surprised at how small the portions were, but I was thankful that I had enough room for dessert and an after dinner drink. I'm not a fan of leftovers anyway, so I was really happy with this. The tartuffo was fantastic as a dessert and highly recommed it. We also shared a bottle of wine (Pinot Nero) and it was approx 3 glasses a person. Friendly, fast service and we took about 2 1/2 hrs to enjoy ourselves and weren't rushed out of the door. I'll definitely make this my regular spot in River North.I do have to admit, I wanted to check out RPM because Guliana and Bill Rancic along with "Lettuce Entertain You" were behind this concept, but I was blown away. Sometimes, places like these can be pretty over-rated, but I was pleasantly surprised. Even though we had an 8:30 reservation and didn't get seated till about 9PM, the staff sincerely apologized for the wait and immediately brought out three different appetizers for us to munch on while looking over the menu. Lisa at the bar was so friendly, gave us a ton of suggestions, and Zach, one of the managers was extremely accommodating. The atmosphere is swanky, yet classy, and the service was phenomenal. I am a foodie and can proudly say that this was one of the best Italian meals I've ever had. My friend and I got a bunch of small plates and split them and the flavors in each dish were amazing, of course paired by a good glass of Pinot. I would highly recommend RPM and will be returning soon!There isn't much more to say other than this was a FANTASTIC experience.  Customer service is top notch here!  They nailed it! We had a 9pm reservation and arrived early so we waited at the bar.  A table wasn't ready until 9:10, and as soon as we were seated the manager came over and apologized for our wait and let us know that some small plates would be sent out to make up for it.  Both my date and I were blown away!  The way the situation was handled couldn't have been more accommodating.  Abigail was our server and not only was she attentive, but spent time to make small talk and joke with us which made our experience that much more personal.  Mallory was the server at the next table, and even came over to make small talk as well.  In terms of finding and training staff this place has got it down to a science!  We literally left blown away by both food and service.  The food was insanely good.  Yes, the salmon was served by itself but cooked to PERFECTION.  I have never had a piece of fish cooked more perfectly.  Worth every cent we spent.  Will we be back? In a heartbeat! We will recommend this place to others?  No question about it!  Congratulations to both Lettuce Entertain You and Bill and Guiliana...NAILED IT!This past weekend I had a private party at RPM in the "Boardroom."  It was a bachelorette party dinner for my best friend.  I worked with RPM's event planners and they were super helpful and responsive throughout the whole planning process, and very patient with all of my questions.The event space, food and service all *exceeded expectations.*  The service was beyond attentive, and even accommodated when I asked for more time in between courses.  The event planner, Erika, stopped by to make sure the party was going well and that we were happy.  The food was amazing.  Not just good, amazing.  Our whole group, including the Bride-to-Be, had a wonderful time.  I would absolutely use RPM for future parties.  Thank you, RPM!The food here is pretty good----we recommend the lobster ravioli, bucatini pasta, meatballs, proscuitto ravioli and the hazelnut tartuffo.   We do not condone the trombas (glorified pork rinds), pizzette, prawns (very plain and not worth the 30 dollar price tag) and Bills dessert (a bowl of guano).STEAK WAS AMAZING. Would not order the squid pasta again, but it was recommended by the waitress. Service was great. Def get the meatballs!Fresh pasta, small portions.  I dunno.  They need to put some thing unique, something that is hard to obtain anywhere else.  And it must me a recipe that has been handed down from generation to generation.  It could be a dessert, or a known seafood dish that Italians only make at the holidays.  But have it all year long. So back to the restaurant.  Nothing special, good service and a nice location.  Davanti Enoteca is truly the best Italian in Chicago.  Skip this place and go there.This place is awesome well worth wait. Chris is the best waiter!!! The service is outstanding. We go out to eat a lot   RPM is on my top Five restaurants in Chicago. I recommend the Sunday gravy and for dessert the tartufo. The drinks are delish!!  The girls at the bar are friendly and awesome at making drinks. Made reservations to go back. Highly recommend. Even if you got 3 or at 10. The service is impeccable. I recommend Chris for your waiter.I love ordering a bunch of starters at RPM and sharing them with friends. Delish!RPM... oh RPM.  Honestly, I had been wanting to dine here for quite some time.  Trying to get reservations here are hellish.  I figured a Sunday early dinner reservation wouldn't be that hard to get and lucky me, I was right.  We had a booth for 5 which actually meant we were on top of each other but it was fine... the restaurant is big and the décor is cool.  I did enjoy the ambiance but it was a little pretentious for me and so not "lettuce entertain you" in my mind.  Everything was black and white even the servers wore white coats.  The hostess and company weren't very friendly, in fact, almost snobbish as if we should be thanking them for allowing us to be there.  Anyways... let's get to the important part, the food.  We all took a peak at the menu online before coming just to make sure that we could all enjoy something on the menu and one of us being a vegetarians it's important to get that out of the way.  We were all pretty impressed with the menu selection and thought the pasta dishes looked amazing and were not priced badly at all.  Little did we know what to expect... luckily the server explained the real deal about the pasta dishes actually being sized for a small child.  I believe he said 3-4 oz.  Not your typical Italian restaurant.  The lobster raviolis was really only 2 raviolis, they used the plural version generously.  They should actually have that noted on the menu, pasta dishes are intended for sharing or side portions in addition to your overpriced steak.  Hey, I'm not cheap... I love to eat out and dine at some of Chicago's best restaurants but when it comes to Italian food, I set my standards to big meals and delicious bread with olive oil and cheese.  Wait... yes you have to pay $7 for bread here.  We didn't do that either.So after much deliberation on what we would all order we decided to try two appetizers based on reviews we had read: Frito Misto and Polenta with Poached Egg.  The fried fish was mediocre, I expect better calamari and the polenta was actually mushy and pretty gross.  I can't believe people recommended that as an appetizer.  We all went with Giuliana's Italian Salad which was delicious.   Very good ingredients and the flavor was awesome.  My mom and aunt split this salad and the kitchen split it for them, I do love when restaurants accommodate that way.  For my entrée I went with Carbonara pasta.  My boyfriend also ordered this pasta.  We both really enjoyed it, almost be worth asking them to double the order and paying $26 for a full portion.  Him and I also shared a side order of meatballs and paid to add 1 more so we each had 2.  They were good, but nothing over the top in flavor at all.  My boyfriend also ordered the smoked ricotta cavatelli which he said was good but again, not amazing. My brother had the eggplant parmesan which I don't think he was disappointed with but he was more or less looking for just a yummy chicken entrée which clearly they don't really offer on their menu.  My mom and aunt split the Whole Grilled Branzino Sea Bass.  This dish was nicely plated and a decent portion at $58 and serves two.  Again this item is solo so for their side they split the strozzapreti.  I believe they ate less than  1/2 of it because it just lacked taste.  It was overpowered by basil and just not really good.For dessert, we shared the Tartufo which was bland and the special gelato which was nutella and bananas which was probably the best part of the meal for all of us.After a few glasses of wine and all this food the bill was pretty up there and I don't think any of us left happy with the experience.  Well, what can I say?  I wanted to go RPM and I went but I do not feel the need to go back again.Service was good. Food was incredibly average.  We had the burrata, the bruschetta, and the ricotta toast - all just OK.   Drinks were fine.  I almost forgot I'd been here.  Yeah that's it, it's forgettable.  Nothing to write home about, ya' know?I have to say, I really enjoyed my experience at RPM Italian. I went with a group of friends after work and we thought the food was delicious. We managed to snag a table when we saw someone leaving and moved from the bar  really quickly, so we didn't have to wait for more than 5min (this was on a Thursday night, and the place was packed!).  They have very creative and tasty dishes. We ordered a bunch of different food and then split it between us. I don't know if they still have this dish, but we had the truffle garlic bread, the squid spaghetti, and the meatballs, plus a few other random things. Everything was just great -- no complaints. I love the mini gelato they give you at the end of the meal (not sure if they still do this?!). Our waitress was extremely helpful and friendly. It's a "cool" place, but I personally thought it was reasonably priced for the area and the selections. Will definitely be back !Went here for my birthday...Had to make reservations 6 months in advanced...Literally!!! Of course, we show up late (like 20 mins) and they tell me that our table had already been given away. BOO!!! So we walked around the bar area to see if there was anything available and of course, nada...After walking outside to throw a minor hissy fit, we walked back inside and the hostess tells me that she can seat us...THANK GOODNESS because there probably would've been a VERY angry person on their hands...Anyway, the food was pretty good...The drinks were good as well...That squid ink pasta that I had was good...The spicy king crab was not all that spicy though...I was expecting a little bit more of a kick...I would definitely come back to indulge in their tasty drinks and maybe something else on the menu...The desserts perhaps? =)There are already plenty of reviews for this restaurant, but I'll try to add my two cents. The majority of our food was good. However, the appetizers are quite small and the wrapped figs we tried were burnt rather than caramelized as intended. The decor inside the restaurant is modern but comfortable, but the music was very out of place. I had dinner here with my family on a Tuesday evening and the background music was electronic/techno, which to me was quite off. I hope this was a fluke and the music will be better the next time?So I'm going to admit it - only wanted to check out RPM because I'm a fan of Giuliana and Bill. But....when I read the positive Yelp reviews, I got more excited about this place and knew I had to try. The night I went was a rainy, rainy night. However, it was packed! I actually had tried to make a reservation online and try and talk a friend to come along with me but that was months ago and they were completely booked. Only reservations available were either 5:30pm or 10pm. Uh no one wants to eat dinner that early or that late! But one night decided to try anyway on my own and see if I could just sit at the bar. The hostess was really nice when I told her I was dining alone and if I could just sit at the bar. She said I could in addition to any of the high tables or even at the other bar in the dining room. I opted for the main bar because I wanted to people watch too! The interior decor is dark, sleek and modern. From the outside you actually can't look in or see what's going on. The noise level was quite high but I was still able to hear people next to me in addition to the bartender. The bartender was really nice and I opted for a simple glass of wine. When ordering food, it was really quick and easy. Ordered the Maine Lobster Ravioli and an order of the fried polenta. Loved, loved, loved the lobster ravioli!!!! You must get it. It was sooooo good and wished there were more pieces on the plate. I think there were only about 6 on the plate. But I could have had more. Glad I got the fried polenta because I don't think the lobster ravioli was filling enough. The fried polenta had some grated parmesan cheese. It was a bit bland and the cheese I felt was a bit overpowering at times. Only ate half of it. If it had more seasoning, I would have enjoyed it more. Unsure if I would get it again. Can't wait to come back and try the other pasta dishes.This place is great. With a reservation on a Sunday night we had no wait. The service was incredibly attentive and the food was delivered almost too fast after ordering. Everything we ordered was outstanding: the garlic bread, salad, prime meatballs, and marinara pasta. I would order everything again. The desserts were good as well. My sister loved the Tartufo, which was like a giant frozen Ferrero Rocher.We went in to see what all the hype was about and left disappointed. Our reservation was late (10:30pm) and were seated within five minutes. Immediately after walking in I felt like we were entering a night club. The music was good but a bit too loud. We had to raise our voices at the table and it just got to be frustrating to hold a conversation. The decor was very clean and modern but it would've been nice to see maybe black and white framed photographs of Italy on the walls or something that showed you were in an Italian restaurant.We ordered a table full of appetizers, drinks and some entrees to share. We agreed that nothing stood out in flavor but instead all blended together as if they were all the same dish just presented differently. I wouldn't return.My wife and I are foodies, so for her birthday we took a food tour for the weekend.  On the way home our last stop was RPM.  We had a really good meal and the service was outstanding so we decided to go again. Went last night and the food was not as good as the first time but we still had a nice dinner.  Service was still good.  On the way home we both started feeling sick.  Then we both got sick.  Really sick.  Up all night sick.  Cursing RPM sick.  Nothing spoils a nice night out like food poisoning.I had SUCH a great time at RPM with my parents on Sunday. The service was spectacular, friendly, and knowledgeable. The food was beyond great. I would highly recommend the pasta dishes. They're worth every single calorie. The cocktails were also amazing. The Sergio Leone was so good, my dad had 2. My favorite dishes were the meatballs, the burrata salad, and the pasta carbonara. I can't wait to go back.This has easily become my new favorite Chicago hot spot (as well as my boyfriend's- who is much harder to please!) I went for my birthday, and the experience was nothing short of amazing. The service was outstanding & I was even lucky enough to receive a birthday greeting from Mr. Rancic himself! We both shared a few of the small plates & pasta- the lobster caprase salad & the spicy king crab pasta were both amazing. My all time favorite would have to be the lobster ravioli, with a light tomato sauce that compliments it perfectly. I have to admit, this lobster ravioli put all others to shame. All of the dishes we tried had a fresh twist on Italian food & definitely stood out from other Italian places in the area. The coconut gelato was also to die for! We will definitely be returning soon!My boyfriend really wanted to go to RPM for dinner, but I've always been hesitant. After some convincing, we made reservations for New Year's Day. Needless to say, I think my hesitation was warranted. We arrived an hour early, so we sat at the bar and ordered drinks then appetizers. The drinks were good - I had the Prosecco, and my boyfriend had 312 (their beer list is not the greatest, to say the least). Since we had so much time, we decided to order appetizers. We order the fresh bread with ricotta cheese and the meatballs. Both were good, but arrived less than 5 minutes after we ordered. We were shocked that it took so little time...Once we took a seat in the dining area, we ordered another round of drinks. When we decided on entrees, we ordered; it took less than 6 minutes for our entrees to come out. They were lukewarm; not hot, as if not freshly prepared. While good, we were very disappointed in how quickly we received our food because we didn't feel that they were freshly prepared, but had been prepared in advance. We ordered dessert at the end - Bill's budino and the affogato. Both were good, though Bill's Budino was purely caramel and much too rich - we both preferred the affogato. Again, both desserts came out less than 5 minutes post ordering. We were done with the meal in less than 45 minutes.I don't think I'll ever go back to RPM. While the food was good, it was not the best I've had, and the fact that they came out so quickly speaks volumes of the quality of food- not fresh at all.Can't say enough good things. You need to order the meatballs. I always dip the ricotta and bread in with the sauce from the meatballs. My favorite is the gnocchi with the Sunday gravy. Don't forget the budino! Love RPM!RPM ... was... GREAT!  I would highly recommend it.  It was definitely worth the hype, and long-awaited reservation.  The service was impeccable( thanks to Bob!), the food---out of this world, and the ambiance is very hip and trendy.  The portion sizes are small, and sharing of plates is encouraged.  My friend and I each started off with a cocktail which were both very well crafted (she had the Heart of Another and I had the Lido).  Then, we started off with the Raw Big Eye Tuna, proceeded to the Cremini Mushroom Pizzette, Guiliana's Italian Salad, and then Cacio e Pepe (the pecial pasta dish of the evening)  Our waiter said that the seafood and steaks were the best but we wanted to try a little bit of everything for our first visit.  When my friend made the reservation, she added a note that we were celebrating her birthday (which was just a few days ago), and they surprised her by bringing out the cutest mini gelato and sorbetto ice cream cones.  I wish we knew that they were going to do that before we ordered the pistachio gelato (which was served over a bed of rice pudding) for dessert!   Regardless, I thought that their attention to detail was even impressive.Can you tell how much I enjoyed this place?!  I can't wait to go back!I thought the service was outstanding and the wait staff knew the menu quite well and made excellent suggestions.  The Prime Meatballs are off the hook!!!  The slow roasted pork was incredibly tender and had a wonderful taste.  No doubt I would go back again.This place has the best customer service I have ever received at a restaurant. Them being tied in with the Lettuce Entertain You group, have definitely gone above and beyond to stand out as one of the top restaurants in this city. My reservation was for 8:30 and we didn't get seated until 9. Immediately they brought over complimentary appetizers and we were greeted by someone who apologized that we had to wait so long. The food was incredible, the ambience and the customer service was top notch. I will absolutely be making another visit here soon.I came here again for Restaurant Week.  Again we were a table of 4 but had a totally different experience.  I polled the group and it was an average of 8 out of 10.  The ding was for the ambiance.This time we arrived at 8:30.  It was in full club mode.  We didn't care for the music.  We were also seated at a round booth which is not comfortable at all.  Thank g my friend's husband canceled on us and my smaller friend filled in.  You can't move the table back from the seat and since its round everyone's knees are touching.Again the comments on the white coats were that it gave my friends a dentist vibe.Aside from the uncomfortable seating and terrible music everything else was a 10.  The service was fantastic.  Helpful, friendly and not stuffy at all.  Maybe one gripe and that is they will remove your food if they think you're finished w/o asking.  It was sad to see that little bit of ricotta cheese go away.We all tried different cocktails which were great.  There was 1 glass of wine had with dinner.  The bread there is great!  I had the risotto which came out a little late but no biggie.  It was crazy hot.  It was an ok risotto.  I wouldn't order it again but that's b/c there are better things.  It was part of the RW menu so I'm sure that's why it was just ok.  We tried the doughnuts and they were the only meh thing.  Not much nutella.  The pistachio gelato is fantastic.We also tried some of the after-dinner drinks.  I got the most bold one, the eucalyptus one.   He said it was the most popular but I dunno.  Maybe everyone there has lost a bet?  It was like cough syrup.  Really tough.  Not an elegant finish.  I live and I learn.I'd be back only if we could sit at a table with chairs and maybe go early to avoid the clubby music.The service and food were spectacular.  The homemade ricotta is divine as are the squash blossoms. Brussels sprout salad and lamb chops were superb. Pasta was above average but not the star of our meal. Hope to make it there again in my lifetime.  Oh and Bill's dessert with salted caramel and cocoa nibs was amazingWould it be weird to come back solely to order some of the Truffled Garlic Bread? THAT is how amazing it was. For dinner, I ordered Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro, which was amazing. My boyfriend ordered the Short Rib Pappardelle, and he said it was phenomenal as well. For dessert, we had Bill's dessert. Everything was so good. My recommendation, though, would be to definitely order an appetizer or side dish, because the serving sizes are a little smaller than your typical Italian restaurant.The ambiance was contemporary/trendy, and the music was amazing (nothing like hearing Kaskade, deadmau5, etc. while eating great food). The prices were very reasonable, as well. With one drink, an appetizer, two entrees and a dessert, the total was only $54, which is a steal.I definitely can't wait to return to RPM.2 of us went there on a Sunday night. Hostess sat us right away at a nice booth. Ordered a whole lot of food (keep in mind - it's a small plate kinda restaurant). Appetizers: cremini mushrooms pizzette, provolone stuffed peppers, burrata, meatballs - all good but meatballs were def a highlight. Pasta course: corn agnolotti and short rib pappardelle. Last one - meh, not so much. Entrees: salmon and pork arrosti - both decent. And dessert - OMG! - ferrero roche style tartufo - out of this world. Service was great too.We never felt rushed. Lovely decor, trendy but not overwhelming ambience. Great experience, will be back.Best meal in Chicago so far. Great Octopus and Phenomenal Branzino. Ask for Aiden as a server. He is really good.I wasn't sure what to expect at RPM, especially since I am not the "trendy" type.  I will set the scene.  My bestie and I decided on a day in the city.  Early train ride in, going to the Shedd, wandering Michigan Ave, and having dinner.  2 bigger girls walking 10 miles all day, by dinner we looked like 2 total hot messes.  Our guilty pleasure is the G & B show on tv and on the way down to the big bad city, we talked about popping in the see what this place was all about.  We stopped in around 6:15 on a sunday night and were told it would be around a 2 hour wait but the bar area is full service so we could sit there if we would like.  The bar was half full so to the bar we go.  The setting is very modern but not over the top.  Mostly black, white, and grey.  It was explained to us that the top half of the menu is smaller portions, designed for sharing, or as I call it, snack size.  While this isn't what a fat girl wants to hear, I did appreciate the warning.  My friend and I were not rolling in the dough and I couldn't afford the steak I really wanted so we decided to split stuff we could agree on.  We started with the Ricotta toast.  TO DIE FOR!!!  A decent sized portion as well.  The toast wasn't small little cracker size pieces but slices from a loaf, cut in half, and toasted to perfection.  Next up was spaghetti and meat balls but there was really only 1 meat ball however it was the size of a baseball.  The pasta was fresh, as was the sauce.  The sauce had a little spicy kick to it but nothing you can't handle.  On to the desserts. This time around we got 2 choices.  One was Bills Chocolate Budino.  An incredible chocolate mousse/pudding with a thick layer of slated caramel on top. The other one we chose wasn't listed on the menu but sounds too good to pass out.  They were small beignet like pastries with nutella inside and sprinkled with sugar.  The atmosphere is modern and fun but it can feel like you are eating in a nightclub minus the annoying lights.  Eating in the bar area is a much quieter option.  Yes the portions are small but it is something I expected, even before the waitress told us.  Points for being up front about it, especially in a city that prides itself on steaks the size of whole cows.  That being said, if you are a lover of steak houses that make you say "how am I going to eat all this?", RPM may not be for  you.Our table was ready for us a half hour early (Thursday 6:30 res).  The waiter was attentive, polite, good sense of humor, approachable, but not over-bearing and didn't interrupt often (same for bus staff, thank god).  He was very knowledgeable about the wine list and make some great recommendations.  We were a trio that ordered a few dishes for the table for sharing, and he made good suggestions about how to pace the meal... apps, pasta course, main course.  The prosciutto was some of the best I've had, and the eggplant parm was incomparable.  Best in the city.  We also sampled the risotto with spec (delish!), carbonara, meatballs, and cauliflower, all excellent dishes.  I asked for a surprise selection of cheeses instead of desert and he brought two excellent samples that paired well with the wine.Overall a great evening with a great staff, hot, fresh, and delicious food, and a good vibe.  Definitely returning.I was so excited to finally try RPM. Arrived and was seated before my reservation time: excellent. Bartenders at main bar: excellent. Server knowledge excellent as well. Sadly I was disappointed when my main entree arrived cold along with cold sides. It was still delicious. It was very busy so I could see how this could happen but I couldn't overlook how rushed I felt. It was as if they wanted us to get up as soon as possible.My wife is a huge fan of the owners of this place, so for her birthday I took her to the restaurant she's been raving about for months. Getting a res was tough, we had to eat at 930pm, no big deal, they got us in just fine at that time. The service was fast, he took our drink order, app order, and dinner order all at once. Just the way I like it. Apps came, meatball app was freaking amazing! Best meatballs I ever had. We also had the truffle garlic bread, which was amazing. But then the problem came. We saw a table of 5 people who were sitting right next to us, who got there 15 min after us,  get there apps, salads, and entrees before we got our entrees. Finally getting ours my wife's shrimp was cold. The moms bucatini? Cold! The filet? Amazing, and the mashed potatoes? Cold. I seemed like our entire meal was done but waited around for my steak. It also seemed like that table of 5 next to us was more important because they were some special celeb types. This place caters to them. The desert was good. Over all I was not impressed for the price. My wife was who really mattered though, being a fan of the owners. And she was disappointed. My guess is she won't be asking me to take her back there, and I won't recommend this place to anyone either. Joes which is down the street blows this place away.The food was really good, we split the ricotta and toast, shredded Brussels sprouts salad, short rib pappardelle, smoked ricotta cavatelli, and finished with the Bill's budino - and we would recommend it all.  We would definitely go back and do it all over again.Great music and a gluten free menu.  I subtracted a star because they did not have any Mike's Hard Lemonade and my waitress proceeded to laugh at me after the initial request.  The wait staff is pleasant and informative, the median age of the staff appears to be 19.  That said, I suggest that management make age enhancement makeup and attire mandatory for staff appearing to be 25 and younger.  I think I speak for the greater Metro-Chicago area when I say, that no one likes to feel old.  Drawn in crow's feet and pencil thin mustache's would be adequate, coke bottle reading glasses and blazers with shoulder pads would be exceptional.Made a reservation a week ago for my daughters birthday as she really wanted to go.  Well everything I heard about this place was true, service was great, decor was wonderful, and food was very good, we had a bit of everything's on the menu it seemed like.We sat for a long time and the place was jammed, I had read a few reviews were people said they were rushed out, we were not we sat promptly at 5:30 and walked out I would guess around 8pm.The food is small portions but not cheap but the quality of the food is fantastic.  We all loved it and I will be back again soon.Amazing food and posh atmosphere! Highly recommend this place. I have been at RPM twice so far and everything on the menu is great! 5 starsssss for sure!!!! ;-)It was an awful experience for us. This is what i can say.Food : 3 / 5Server : 4 / 5Management : So so bad!! I cant believe what happenedPS: Im from Europe, i taste most food in Italia ( Rome, Venice, Piacenza) before and i adore Italian Cuisine.Been back twice and ordered the same exact thing. That's saying something, because as an adventurous eater I crave new and exciting flavor profiles. But when someone does something simple so right, I can't resist.I'm talking about the Roman-style artichoke appetizer and the short rib parpadelle. These artichokes are unreal. They're ridiculous. They're inspirational. They'll convert anyone into an artichoke lover for life. Crispy but tender, tangy and salty, and perfectly portioned. The lemon aioli bumps the dish up to a whole other level (cue Emeril, "BAM!"). The short rib parpadelle achieves a complexity of simple that I admire. The portion size is very appropriate (*ahem* Cheesecake Factory), and it's hard to beat fresh pasta. The sauce is sweet but deep from the meat, and there is just enough to enjoy but not so much the pasta is swimming and overpowered.Dessert was surprisingly good. Excellent gelato, the hazelnut bomb is messy but like a Ferrero Rocher ball from my dreams. The black mission fig dessert is light, and I could eat an entire bowl of the granola, caramel-honey sauce , and the marscapone alone.Nice atmosphere, attentive wait staff--my only complaint is that the tables are pretty cramped.Meh, that's the best way to describe this place.After a snobby greeting by the host we were told our table was being prepared, we could have a seat and she'd text us when it was ready.  I had no problem waiting a minute for our table but um, the text?  She was literally 5 feet from us, she couldn't walk over, say our name?  WeirdOur server was great!  Friendly, attentive, made suggestions regarding the menu.  All the wait staff seemed great.  Our empty plates rarely sat on the table long, water was filled quickly.  The food was so mediocre.  I'm not a fan of B&G so I couldn't care less who owns the restaurant but I'd heard good reviews and was excited when my friend got reservations.  We ordered the garlic truffle bread, fried zucchini, burrata, gnocchi and carbonera.  The bread was dry and lacked much flavor, the burrata was fine and I really liked the zucchini - but friend vegetables are almost always delicious!  The batter was light, almost like tempura and very flavorful.  The gnocchi though, ugh. It was so soft it was hard to believe it was potato.  It was like eating soggy bread.  The sauce had no flavor, I had to dump so much salt on it to taste anything.  My friend ate the carbonera and said it was just ok.  The tomatoes were stringy and there were a lot of them in the dish.  We did order the tartufo and budino for dessert.  Both were good, the tartufo was delicious but a bit too large and the budino was rich but a great mix of salty and sweet.  It's sad that the desserts were the only large portions, especially for the price of this meal!  The decor was nice and the volume was fine but I go to a restaurant for the food first, not the wall color.  There are too many awesome Italian restaurants in this city to waste another dollar here, go elsewhere!Really nice restaurant.  Tasty, good, amazing food...The best service I ever got from Jake. Thank You so much for hiring so so nice people. Now, it's my favorite place in Chicago. And I love love the food... Thanks to the owners (:Had their veal chop and even though it was cooked correctly and had a great taste, the cut was awful. Very tough and fatty. And the othe 4 of the 7 people in our group had it too, same bad cut. It's a great place and all, but honestly, with bad meat selection / cuts  it's a real turn off for me. Nice in every other way. And the prices are not bad. I will go back, get another veal chop and report back in a month or two. Btw, some reviews say they were "packed in like sardines". I disagree, if you don't have a res, then yes, you get sat near the bar where it is tight. But if you are normal, have planned and get a res, you will sit near the rear of the place where it's perfect.I went here during Restaurant week with a group of 4 girls, but some of decided to eat off of the regular menu. The ambiance is excellent, you can definitely go there with your friends or for a romantic date.  We started off dinner with a selection of salads, but my absolute favorite salad was the brussel sprout one, there was avocados in it and very flavorful.  My main course was the herb roasted chicken, which was delicious, it came with mushrooms and polenta.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, flavorful and juicy.   The serving was very large, you can definitely share this dish if you want to try a pasta dish.  For dessert, we again, had a WIDE selection of desserts.  Are you ready for this?  We got the gelatto, lemon merignue, Bills Chocolate budino and this pastry filled with nutella.  They were all AMAZING! my favorite was the pastry, the outside was like a doughnut with powdered sugar and how can you beat nutella?!?!?  The chocolate dessert was a bit rich for my taste, but chocolate lovers will definitely love this one.  The lemon merignue was my second favorite the blood orange compliments the vanilla and the pistachio bits are scrumptious.  I would definitely go here again.  The one thing that I do like is how their menu is priced and portioned out where you can try several things, kind of like tapas.  I suggest you go with a group so you can try all the yummy things this place offers.Came here for my friend's birthday and had a great time!!! The vibe is great and the decor is very impressive. The food was amazing and quite accommodating to vegetarians. I'm still having dreams about their kale salad, and zucchini!!! Steve had great recommendations and is very charming. Great place for a girls night!Everything we ordered here was delish! Giuliana's Italian salad and Mediterranean octopus to start: we couldn't stop raving how amazing they both were (BURSTING with flavor). I had the grilled GIANT shrimp and my mom had the pepper chicken and it was just so good I wish it never ended!two highlights of the night:1) seeing dwyane wade a few tables down and then making eyes with him.  yes, i said WITH.2) the tartufo - hazelnut gelato in a chocolate shell.  i would have made love to it if it wasn't going to melt.being a big g&b fan, i was pumped to see the restaurant i saw on TV and to taste the food.  i have to say the restaurant is absolutely beautiful!  very modern & sleek.  like i said, it's a beaut.  well done.  you can totes dress to impress here.  we are dainty so we got all dressed up and put our faces on.we arrived at 820ish for our 830 res for 3 stunning ladies.  we sat at the bar and grabbed some wine.  we waited til about 850 til were seated, a few tables from d.wade, thank you very much.  our handsome server came over and told us the specials, but i was too busy staring.  im rude.  we ordered:truffled garlic breadmushroom pizzettearancinichicken liver crostinimeatballsmaine lobster raviolii'll go from least fave to most fave:i was disappointed in the garlic bread - it got SO much hype on yelp.  i do have to say though that this was our biggest portion, which was really nice.  and i'm a huge fan of the g-bread altogether, no matter what.the arancini - it seemed too mushy.  i couldnt see/taste the individual risotto in the balls.  and the balls were small. small balls.lobster rav - 5 small pieces, nothing too spectacular.i did like the mushroom pizzette.  the meatballs were HUGE and delicious, which are the kind of balls i like.  i liked the chicken liver, though the rest of my table felt there was too much liver on the very thin and small crostinis.  i agree, but you cant go wrong with liver.i do have to say that i wasn't stuffed.  which is neither a good or bad thing.  i could have ordered just a bit more, but i'm glad i didnt because...DUH DUH DUUUUUUH!  the tartufo was delivered to our table and it changed my life.SO SO SO good.  it's the most popular because it's good.  duh.  not rocket science.  best dessert i've had in a long time.the bill came out to about $90 for 3 people, one drink each.  $30 a person isn't too shabs for mostly food to a popular river north place that is booked 2 months in advance.  portions are smaller, so be prepared.i might be back.  for the tartufo, mainly.My girlfriend and I love Giuliana and Bill, as Giuliana is a native of our area, having gone to school a few miles down from where we both grew up. Needless to say, we had to try this place after seeing it on their television show.We made a reservation for 9pm on a Tuesday night. The place was packed, even though it was pouring down hard outside. The first thing I noticed was how chic this place was. I'm not one for obnoxious chic, but this was a nice subtle chic that came across well. I immediately fell in love with the house music playing in the background.We got seated within ten minutes by our hostess. Since it was packed, we got seated in-between two tables near the back. It's not the first time I've been so close to another diner when eating, but this one was cutting it pretty close. It made it hard to hold a conversation because you felt like you were talking over the person next to you. Luckily, our attentive waiter made up for the tight eating quarters.For starters, we ordered the Lobster Caprese, Proscuitto-Wrapped Figs and Truffled Garlic Bread. For drinks, since it was my lady's birthday, ordered a glass of house champagne and a bottle of Nora beer. The Lobster Caprese was nice and fresh, with the right amount of lobster and mozzarella in each bite. The Truffled Garlic Bread was very tastym, although it quickly became hard and unpalatable as it cooled down. The best part of the appetizers was the Proscuitto-Wrapped Figs which were melt-in-your mouth good. I keep thinking about them all the time. My girlfriend's house champagne was delicious and my Nora beer was refreshingly different, almost like a fine beer teetering on a gingery wine.For dinner, we got the Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro and the Spicy King Crab in Ink Spaghetti. I was looking forward to the Ink Spaghetti as I figured the taste combination would be interesting. It was good, but left a lot to be desired. The Pomodoro, which I thought would be underwhelming, was much more satisfying and the highlight of the main course.For desert, we decided to try the Tiramisu which was a special. It was moist and done extremely well. Since it was my girlfriend's birthday, they brought out two small scoops of sorbet in tiny cones. I thought that was a nice touch and made for a great end to our meal.Overall, this place lives up to its name and reputation. It's expensive, but it's worth the experience, especially if you're celebrating an occasion.This is the place to be if you want to be seen with your new #NYFW find. It took us about 2 weeks to get a res on a week night Dinner hour so off we went on a Wednesday night at 6 30 PM. I was late by abt 20 miuntes and they seated us within the next 10 which was greatly  appreciated.  The place is cool, sleek, sexy and modern. Cool lounge music in the backgound.  But of course we went for the Food!  Waitstff is attentive and kind, no Doubt about it.   We had the fried olives, truffle bread, and 2 pastas to share, enough for 2 gals for Dinner.  You re going to eat some good italian Food here. Am i going to tell you run- don't walk? No.  Its the scene-y place of the moment and all those come into their own in time and either make it or break it once the hype has settled.  thats just the business of the fickle dining scene. We observed many different groups of Diners, mostly the after Work crowd looking for a glass of wine and a few bites to share and call it Dinner.  To agree with other posters, yes, we spied the tourist faction dining, but the location lends itself to that and of course tourist $ are as good as local $.   If you asked me where you would get the same or better Experience, i would tell you davanti enoteca on taylor or Quartino a few blocks away. At the end of the day, chicago isnt known to be a celebrity town and this place has reality tv b- list stars behind it so of course it will breed curiosity and attendance. The Chef has curated a nice menu for his patrons. But, for those chicagoans, who prefer a little more italian and a little less scene, try Davanti or Via carducci, or fornello in bucktown. They all Deliver on the small plate concept with flair.   If you have an eater in your party, he or she will be satisfied with the larger dishes that include steak and pork chops.  If you are on a date and need to dress and impress, then by all means, this is your place.  I also found it to be chill and relaxed, a nice mid-week night out with good Food, but again, a real chicago denizen will probably hedge toward a more local italian place with the same concept in another neighboorhood.   My overall rating of 4 stars includes atmosphere, service and Food.  I would give it  3.5 stars  for accuracy if i could.  The cons- i was so annoyed by the offensive windex smell used to wipe down tables between patrons. The tables and booths arent set apart too far in the whole place so you not have a choice but to be near another table. Please- - windex? That's so 2006.  Lemon and baking soda cleans everything. Or use motor oil. just not windex. Second, we had a table right off the lobby and maybe ive been watching  too much fashion police but we couldnt help but notice the wardrobe sloppiness of the 3 hostesses! Did they just stop to work on way to the laudromat? The waitstaff has uniforms- please let your first impression be some thing other than young girls in yesterday's clothing and worn out flats in a place where you are trying to create a 'scene'.  Your Owner is a co-host on e's fashion police! Has she not attended to this dress code detail? ( again, this was a fuction of being seated right at the dining room entry table and having to watch the fashion train wreck through Dinner). Most people in chicago wouldnt care about this  Minor Detail whičh doesnt have anything to do with good Food, but it does have everything to do with image!!!Seated within 10 minutes of our reservation. Good food, decent prices, excellent service.Beautiful place for a relaxing dining experience. Didn't even need to order an entree with all the wonderful small dishes they have to offer! The artichoke is a must along with the sweet corn pasta. The plates came out in a perfect choreography, and all 9 (yes 9) were absolutely delicious. Carriage House tries to offer this experience and falls short. RPM is worth the wait list!I really loved this place! I made Saturday night reservations online and went with a couple of my girlfriends. The three of us shared a bottle of Pinot Grigio ($30-40) and an array of appetizers/ small dishes. All of the food was delicious- loved the pizettes and grilled asparagus, not too crazy about the shaved artichoke salad. Our waiter was very friendly. The restaurant itself is very trendy and has a nice crowd. It's also in an awesome location to go out afterwards. It was convenient going there for drinks/appetizers and then walking over to the bars/clubs.This place was honestly such a letdown. After being so excited to going here and hearing all the positive things about it, my boyfriend and I were very disappointed. To start, our waitress was not friendly at all. We let her know that it was our first time at RPM and asked for recommendations and it seemed she was too distracted by her other table and completely forgot about us. Then when our food arrived it was cold. We asked for our bill nearly 3 times and were there for a very long time. The actual restaurant was beautiful however that was the only positive about our experience. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone it was expensive for the food you are getting. I was very disappointed. I would give this place one star just for the look of it.Very busy and difficult to get a reservation because of G&B TV show. Use Open Table app on your phone to search for times, much easier. Most of the time you have to plan your reservation months in advance. Sometimes you will get lucky with a random open time on the app that same day or next. Excellent food, wonderful staff and nice customers my friends & I met as well. A very good experience!It was my first trip to Chicago and everyone kept telling me how great the food is.  Well they were absolutely RIGHT!  Several trusted folks kept recommending RPM Italian.  We had the wonderful folks at the Trump secure a reservation for us and they came through with flying colors.  Our table was a half moon booth in the back of the restaurant with terrific views of the entire restaurant.  Our waiter was a delight and extremely knowledgeable with a vigor and passion for what he does.He guided us through the simple yet diverse menu.  Basically it was divided into 6 sections and all of the choices were invigorated spins on the classics.  Love that!  Hubby and I decided to share everything, so we could experience more.The Shaved Brussels Sprouts salad was out of this world delicious - highly recommend!  The fried stuffed olives were perfect.  Loved the truffle gnocchi - light pillows of divine-ness.  The roasted beets were supreme.  The cheese plate was comprised of green tomato jam and some tasty pecorino - we actually had that for dessert.  I chose the Baby Amarone wine which was simply perfect - I wanted to lick the glass - it was that good.  Thanks for the suggestion from our waiter.Overall, this is a wonderful restaurant!  We understand they are in the stages of planning for some expansion - PLEASE come to SAN FRANCISCO!!!!  Highly, highly recommend!!!I had about a $150 worth of Lettuce Entertain Gift cards that I wanted to use, was in the mood for Italian, so went on the leye.com website to see what Italian restaurants were listed.  Saw that this one (listed as "modern Italian") had good reviews, so - knowing nothing else about it - my wife and I went on a Tuesday evening, waltzing in at 7:45 pm without a reservation (they do take reservations).  The place was packed.  We were told it would be a hour and half wait for a table in the dining room but if we found a place in the bar area we could have access to their full menu in there.  It happened that by luck there were two - and only two - seats available at the bar (the previous party's paid receipt was still laying there so the seats must have just been vacated.)  Anyway we took those two side-by-side bar seats even though we prefer sitting at a table... I went ahead and gave the hostess my cellphone number to text us if a table happened to open up sooner than the 90 minute time frame.   From the menu we decided that the smaller plates and the pasta looked a lot more interesting than the steaks, chops, seafood, and slow-roasted entrees. So here's what we ordered:   for starters we got the Roasted Beets with Gorgonzola and Pistachio ($13), the prosciutto-wrapped figs ($6), the Roman-Style Artichokes ($11),and the Eggplant Involtini with Burrata, Diablo Sauce and Smoked Ham ($13).  They all arrived to us pretty promptly and were delicious.  The beet dish was delightfully novel in its presentation;  the  Roman-Style Artichokes were unlike any artichoke dish we'd ever seen and were fun to eat - they were fried and there were two dipping sauces.  We then had the Prosciutto Tortellini with Marscarpone and Rosemary ($13) and the Herb Risotto with chanterelle mushrooms and crispy speck ($13).  Both of these were also excellent - the crispy speck really made the risotto a tasty treat.  They have an ample list of wines by the glass:  I had two glasses of Allegrini "Palazzo della Torre" ($13 each) and my wife had a glass of Vietti "Tre Vigne" Barbera ($12).   For dessert we shared a special not listed on the menu (probably our only disappointment was the limited range of desserts on the printed menu, none of which caught our fancy).  I don't know the name or price of the dessert, but it was a delightful plate of small home-made sugar donuts - light, puffy and pillowy - with two different sweet dipping sauces.  I had a cup of decaf cappuccino which was delicious and presented very nicely.  Just as we finished dessert a text popped up on my cellphone that our table was ready and I told them it was no longer necessary. Total cost of the meal for two was around $155 to $160 (I had to toss in three bucks to cover shortfall in the gift cards.)  Valet parking price was $14 not including a tip to the valet.  The service was friendly and professional.  Given that we were among the older patrons in a very popular River North night spot, the bartender/waitress could have been cold and standoffish but she was very nice.  The atmosphere and décor is "year 2013 cool" - you get the sense that it is "one of those places to be" right about now.  Sleek modern design throughout.   Loud conversation-challenging ambience.  Background music is not too loud, but seems to posses a regular continual bass-beat such as I recall from after-midnight Vegas clubs.   Youngish crowd dressed in grays, blacks and whites but with the occasional bright orange watch-band.  A guy seated next to me at the bar asked the bartender "what kind of cherry" they were going to put in his cocktail.Pleasantly surprised for a celebrity owned establishment.Delicious food (and I'm marrying into an Italian family, so I like to think we are a good judge of Italian fare). We tried TONS of dishes (600 Day prosciutto, kale with pancetta, mushroom pizette, brussel sprout salad, burrata ravioli, three kinds of dessert, roasted pork, the list goes on)  and there wasn't anything that I didn't enjoy - honestlyAwesome wine (Though for bottles just under $100 a pop, it should be)But two complaints which are warranting the three stars -Snootiest waiter of ever in life, which, in my opinion, was totally uncalled for. He wasn't RUDE necessarily, but he wanted to engaged in zero conversation and he definitely wasn't warm. I'm not saying I need a server who wants to talk my ear off, but when the party of 6 was spending nearly $1,000 on dinner if not more - you could smile because you're going home with a nice chunk of change from one tableSecond, can someone please rectify the reservation situation?! I tried making reservations in July for a dinner in September and they had either 5pm or 10:30pm. I heard it's cause the owners block off the tables from 6-9 or sometihng on Open Table. Congratulations - you're actively TRYING to make it seem like the hottest ticket in town by blocking off tables. Which is especially stupid, because you know they could fill those tables with reservations 2 months in advance without having to do that!All in all, I get it, you're there to see and be seen, but with such great food and a beautiful space, why try so hard?Huge disappointment! Reservation were 10pm seated 10:45 then garlic bread and food were horrible! Manager came by and paid for meal. I would rather pay for good food then get bad food for free. See Bill and Gulianna!My food wasn't bad but it wasn't the best. The garlic bread was a little oily. The Brussel sprouts were good. The mama dapandi pasta was decent but not my favorite. I didn't have desert but the man next to me raved about the "party in his mouth".We went to RPM for my husband's bday dinner. Sure the decor was pretty and attractive but the seating was crammed and the wait staff was terrible. The waiter could not give us an accurate description of how to appropriately order from the menu after asking several times. We maneuvered on our own and the 600 day prosciutto was delicious but the imported burrata, shredded Brussels sprouts, main lobster ravioli, truffled gnocchi were ok at best. There are plenty of other Italian restaurants in this city. If you like sitting next to people from the suburbs taking Instagram pics of their mediocre food, this is your spot. It is a tourist trap. Don't waste your money or time!Best restaurant experience I've had in a very long time. My husband made reservations about two months before our dinner and told them our dinner was going to be the day after our wedding. They gave us a great booth, complimentary champagne, and a discount for the occasion. On top of that the food was amazing. Must try the fried olives for an appetizer and the squid ink crab pasta for an entree. Our server was extremely helpful, friendly, and efficient. We had a couple of drinks at the bar after dinner and they were fabulous as well. As we were leaving they gave us a free dessert.  to take home on top of everything. This is a must go dinner experience in Chicago!!!I went here with my mother for the first time. The service was impeccable, they were on top of their game at all times and very helpful. The food was fantastic and I like how it comes in smaller portions so you can try more things and share. For dessert we had candy cane gelato that was absolutely amazing! I didn't taste one thing that I didn't like. Can't wait to come back!!FOOD COMA!!the food here is amazing and the service was even better.  I loved the waitor we had, he was so friendly and recommened the best food.This place is the textbook definition of "overrated." I had just gotten back from Italy and wanted to try a different restaurant that might compare to what I had on vacation, so I came here for dinner one night with a few friends. I didn't even know that it was Bill and Giuliana's until one of them mentioned it while we were making plans. It wouldn't have mattered to me anyway because that's a pathetic reason for checking out a restaurant. That really should only factor into the decision if the owner was a renowned chef. Otherwise, WHO CARES??Anyway, I still had high hopes after all the reviews I managed to read, but this is one time that Yelp let me down. The restaurant gets away with charging ridiculous prices for tiny plates that are meant to be shared. Don't get me wrong... I generally enjoy the concept of small plates and don't at all mind splurging on good food, but RPM's food was a total letdown. The mediocrity of it all was probably underscored by my expectations of authentic Italian food. MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING. I left feeling robbed and wishing we had gone to Quartino instead. I will definitely NOT be back.P.S. I second the comments about the snooty hosts and hostesses.Great energetic restaurant. And, the food is great too.  For dessert, I recommend the ice cream ball.This is a really tough place to review! As far as ambiance, a bar scene and service goes I would give it 5 stars all day long. They have amazing cocktails, a great wine list and legit amazing service. It's also a great place to be "out". For all these reasons I 100% recommend going to the bar. Great spot. As far as food goes though, 3 stars is generous. They have a couple good dishes - the BrusselSprout salad and mama dePani pasta... And that's about it. The octopus isn't prepared well, overlooked. The other pasta dishes are just ok... Not good Italian really. The mains are also just ok, not BAD but not worth the $$$. If you want great Italian food, this isn't the spot. It you want a fun bar scene/great trendy spot, this is it!Fantastic place ! Very modern atmosphere . Great service , excellent small plates food , great cocktails . Just a fabulous place to come to for a night out . A very cool ambience :)I see that the atmosphere to this place has been off-putting to some Yelpers.  Understandable.  I walked into this place and immediately thought that I had been wormholed into some Vegas clubby-type place.  On the left, you'll find the club girls with their teased hair and skin-tight mini skirts.  On the right, you'll find the nipped, tucked, & botoxed 30 year old women with their 50 year old dates.  And all around you are the scenesters flashing money.  They have a DJ in the restaurant, so apparently, that is a thing we are doing now.If you can hack your way past all of that nonsense, where you find yourself is a restaurant with knowledgable waitstaff, reeeeeally good cocktails, delicious homemade pasta, and decent prices.  We had the garlic truffle bread, which wasn't too truffle-y, thank god.  I do not undestand the currently culinary trend of dumping truffle oil on everything.  We got the pepperoni pizzelle, which was tasty, but a bit boring.  The meatballs were great, and our server requested we get an extra one so we all had one.  The pastas were just fantastic.  We got the potato gnocchi, wild boar, and the spaghetti with black pepper and cheese.  Weakest link was the boar, but I still thought it was tasty.  For dessert, we got this chocolate pudding thing with salted caramel sauce and cocoa nibs and the roasted figs with mascarpone.  Figs won, hands down, to my surprise.  We also got a bunch of cocktails, and all were very well made.  I'd expect nothing less from Paul McGee.My husband made an astute point about the place: it's a little weird that they are serving food in "small plate" portions that is usually served in huge "family style" portions.  I know that this is one of the ways that they keep the prices fairly reasonable.  Having said that, after 3 small plates, 3 bowls of pasta, 2 desserts, & 8 drinks, the price was about $55 per person.  Not exactly a steal, but not crazy expensive either.Absolutely wonderful. Went for a date night with my fiancé and we couldn't have been happier. The service was spot on. Our server, Brittany, made our night a perfect night to remember. She knew the menu like the back of her hand and helped us make excellent choices as it was our first time there. The food portions were perfect and we ordered a few different things to share. The meatballs were to die for and the pasta was cooked perfectly!! Lobster ravioli.... YUM!! Truffle garlic bread... YES!!! It was a spectacular evening and I can't wait to go back!! Amazing job, Giuliana and Bill!!!I try every new restaurant and I dine out often.  I am not a food critic but I have to be honest.  This is not Italian food.  The portions are extremely small for the price.  Speaking on behalf of all people of Italian decent "What is this?"  Brutal food, terrible service, thanks but no thanks.came on a wednesday night with some girlfriends.  it was crowded, but not crazy.  i'm guessing it gets packed on the weekends, you know, when the cool kids come out to play.the restaurant itself is gorgeous.  spacious and modern.  and it's a fun place to get dolled up to go grab a drink.  but not in a sleazy way [at least on a wednesday night].the food was good, but not great.  we had small plates of a little bit of everything.  nothing was wow or stand out.  the pasta was cooked perfectly, but that's about as much that i can remember.  except for dessert.  the tartufo BLEW MY MIND.  i still dream about it.  i'd come back for a dessert, but i think the price of the food is more for the ambiance and not much for the quality of their dishes.I'm just going to be honest here, I absolutely love you Bill and Giuliana but I have to say I came with high hopes and left with a little bit sad. I enjoyed my very pricey truffled garlic bread and pistachio ice cream but I think that's all I can say because I cannot say I loved all that was served in-between. It would also be nice if you hired friendlier workers, they sure are good to look at but none were smiling nor  were they charming. By the way, I think you might have mixed up the portion sizes of the entrees vs. dessert!My hubster and I live right down the street from RPM's Illinois St. location (we were big fans when this restaurant was still Ben Pao) and were VERY excited last Sunday when we realized the restaurant was open.  We were "officially" traveling to Sports Authority, but decided on a whim to go for dinner afterwards (mind you, this is 3:30 pm on a Sunday).  At 4:00 we pretty much had our pick of the "first-come, first-served" bar tables.  First thing I noticed was the BEAUTIFUL decor and the AMAZING waitstaff.  If I had to design a concept for a restaurant, RPM would be it. We started out with drinks--the Rand man had Peroni (REAL Peroni, NOT Nastro Azzuro) and I had a cocktail (name escaping me--but it was a delicious mix of St. Germain and Gin).  We started with one of my old favorites from my time in Rome--aranchini.  They didn't disappoint.  Perfect blend of cheese and pancetta--crispy fried and delicious first bite.  Next came the truffled garlic bread--HIGHLIGHT OF MY NIGHT.  Words cannot describe how good it is.  Our final appetizer (we like to eat....what can I say?) was the Gnocchi al Forno, Rand man's favorite and my biggest disappointment.  Great cheese sauce, but the gnocchi were completely overcooked mush. For our main courses, we had the truffled farfalle--great beef sugo which reminded me of a smushed up Swedish meatball and a great al dente pasta.  We were still hungry after this (they said the plates were meant to be shared, but servings were relatively small) so we also ordered the "Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro"  which had a great pasta and even better red sauce.   For dessert, we decided to "go big or go home" (I needed my energy for rugby practice.....so we had the Tartufo (hazelnut ice cream, coated in chocolate) and the blood orange cannoli. DO NOT, I REPEAT DOOOO NOTTTTT leave RPM without eating the tartufo. AMAZING.Overall, one of the best experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. GREAT ATMOSPHERE.AMAZING SERVER (he felt like a friend, not a waiter)DELICIOUS FOOD.What more can you ask for? Go. Go now.Decor is fantastic. I felt disoriented at first as this was formerly Ben Pao. Good-looking, friendly crowd. Service very good and our server was very nice. Great people watching. Went with a big party so we were able to hit a good variety of items. I can't believe some people said this was the best Italian food they have ever had. Compared to what? Olive Garden? The food very sub-standard. Bland sauce. Some of the meat had no flavor at all. Unexciting. The pasta was a bit over-cooked, almost mushy. I could taste the food but there was no flavor. We shared 4 desserts that were just off. Not one dish made anyone go "Mmmm!" All plates had leftover food on them and nobody wanted the last bites when asked. I would return  to RPM for drinks but pass on the food. If you want excellent shareable-sized Italian food, go to Balena. You'll fight over the last bite.I was really craving good pasta and I heard great things about RPM Italian. We were able to get seated right away despite us not having reservations and it being one of the busiest days (Friday evening).  We ordered the Cremini mushroom pizette and the imported cheese sampler for appetizers and the Mama DePandis Buccatini Pomodoro for the main entree.  They were all delicious! For dessert we had the tartufo which is like a Giant ball with hazelnut on the outside and chocolate ice cream on the inside, AMAZING!!!! Get it! We also had these deep fried donuts with Nutella which sound better than they are! Columbian Espresso is stronggg! Ambience is great! DJ was cool. Service was excellent.  A larger pasta selection would have been nice.Went here for a late dinner on a Saturday.  Service was very good.  Cocktails are great and reasonably priced.  Food was a little hit and miss:Artichokes were great.Garlic bread was so so.Meatballs were very good.Mama ... Pasta was good.Scallops were delicious, but there were only three of them.Side dish of mushrooms was so so.I don't know if it was because of the late hour, but the music was very loud ... More like I would expect in a club than a restaurant.This is probably my current favorite restaurant right now.  There were ten of us and we orderers so many appetizers and pastas on the menu.  The couple of entrees that I tried were also great.  The beef carpaccio  and the lobster caprese (not on the menu) were my favorites.  Not too crazy about the fried olives.  We also had the plate of cheeses, meatballs, and artichokes.  All were great.  All of the pastas were also delish.  You can tell the pasta was homemade...it had that largeness to it.  I had prawns and a taste of the $100 steak.  By this time I was feeling pretty good after having had several Padua Sours, so I can't be specific as to the taste.  It was all good though.  I will be definitely be back soon.4 stars because it is hard to get into this place and a little pricey for some of the meals.  However, amazing food, great work staff and awesome atmosphereWe were rather happy with this place.  Enjoyed the atmosphere and the small plates were nice.  The service was quite good also.  The only odd thing was when my friend asked the waitress to stop re-filling the water she said "I have to, otherwise my boss will come fill the water up, so if you don't want anymore, just don't drink anymore water."  That was a bit odd.  I think the customer is always right, but ok.  I do like the Carbonara, the fried olives, the pizzetes, quite good.Had dinner with my wife for our anniversary.  We had high hopes based on the review however this was literally the worst restaurant I have ever eaten at - period.  Not even the worst in Chicago, the worst ever.  The polenta with egg was like soup, the risotto was a salt lick.  The slow cooked pork was a leather shoe with dried herbs coated on it.  The place it self is very nice but they missed the boat on Italian food.  Great Italian food is simple with fresh ingredients.   Everything at RPM is too complex with not so good product.  Anyone, and I mean anyone, can cook better Italian food than this place.  Its shameful they actually serve it to the masses.  Unfortunately it was the worst food experience of my life.  I would challenge the chef to resign or go back to school to learn how to cook before serving another dish out to the paying public.Modern, Italian restaurant in the River North neighborhood. Great atmosphere and yummy food. Love everything about this place!As a Giuliana and Bill fan, I absolutely had to come to RPM to celebrate getting a great job offer!  We had 10pm reservations and arrived a little early.  The restaurant is very chic and decorated with a beautiful and modern design.  While we waited for our table with a  drink at the bar, Giuliana and Bill walked in and actually began serving people from behind the bar!  They were so incredibly nice..although I didn't have the courage to go up and chat with them!  Bill was serving shots and Giuliana was pouring champagne.  It was a great experience!Our dinner experience was nothing short of awesome! When we made the reservations, they asked if it was for a special occasion.  The waitress brought us complimentary glasses of champagne in congratulations for my new job! Such a nice touch!!  We ended up ordering a bottle of the champagne because we enjoyed it so much.  Our waitress was Elisa S and she was very sweet, engaging, and attentive.  The additional wait staff was also terrific. As for the food portion of the night, we ordered a lot of smaller items so that we could try as much as possible since it was our first time in the restaurant.  The Zucchini Fritti was absolutely delicious; a great "comfort food" type snack.   The Fresh Mozzarella Carrozza was also fantastic- my friend said they were the best thing he had ever eaten and he hates cheese!  We also ordered the Cremini Mushroom Pizzette; which was not quite as memorable.  They make all of their pastas in house and that was definitely apparent in Mama DePandi's Bacatini Pomodoro.  The noodles were hearty and the sauce was perfect for a huge tomato-fanatic such as me.  We ordered a side of Wood-Grilled Asparagus as well which I really enjoyed.  I absolutely recommend saving some room for one of their wonderful desserts!  We ordered the Hazelnut Tartufo; which is like a softball-sized Ferrero Rocher made of gelato (house-made as well)!  The shell was crispy and covered in hazelnut and the inside was rich, delicious gelato.  During our dinner, Viktor Stalberg and Jamal Mayars, who play for the Blackhawks came in for dinner after their game; which was very cool as well!  Our bill came out to $95; which is very reasonable! I would highly recommend this restaurant!  I had a wonderful experience and can't wait to go back!Went here for my fiancé birthday! I thought it was good a bit over rated!!!! The zucchini fritti was delicious! The scallops are too expensive for what they give you, we did get it without the bacon or whatever they put on it on the outside, but too pricey! Our server was really nice!! The girls at the front  (hostesses) are a bit pretentious for my taste! Not sure if I will be back, though the ambience is nice and cute atmosphere!short and simple, this place lives up to the hype. from the atmosphere and decor to the food. its allll good. the best part was the dessert. it was a huge chocolate ferrero rocher ball with ice cream. if you dont get that, youre an idiot. everything we ordered was great though i cant remember what we got since we went a couple months ago. but i know i liked it! will find my way back to this place for sure.I wanted to give this place 3 stars but I can't because the service. I don't want to talk about the food because it's honestly nothing special. You can't just put truffle oil on regular garlic bread and make me believe it's fancy... cause it's not. Where's the quality? The food was nothing to rave about and the service was horrendous. Side dishes came out towards the end of the entrees and when I tried to cancel them (who wants to eat side dishes without entrees?), he told me he'll check if they were already made. I don't care if they were made, they're not on the table!ALSO. We ordered a bottle of wine for the girls the bottle wasn't at the table... not sure why. Does Pino Grigio usually stay off the table?? Why? So they came to fill up their glasses and at the end of the night when I asked if there was any more wine left in the bottle, he said he'll go check. He came back and told us that there's a little drop left... IT WAS HALF A GLASS. WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO STEAL MY WINE. WHY?Service might have been an isolated incident but that on top of the food being  just whatever, I'll probably not be visiting ever again. What a gimmick. And what's with the club music blasting in the background. Com'on.I did not want to like this place but my wife loves that dumb show so I obliged...2 hours later I was sold...Polenta was amazing, carbonara was rich, salty, and awesome! The wine list is fun, which is great since I am a douchey wine snob. My wife loved everything as well as our friends.  The staff is awesome, and engaging, and when we ordered 2 deserts for the table,  the waiter said we ordered the wrong one, and he gave us his personal choice on the house...which was awesome...solid food, awesome wine, ulta downtown doucheness, but still a good place to mow down.My family and I had our holiday dinner at RPM this past week and I cannot say enough AMAZING things about the quality of the food, drink, and service. Liz was our server and she pulled out all the stops. I highly suggest RPM for any occasion.Food selection is very cool. Get to pick and choose Italian tapas style appetizers and pastas. Like that they are sized just right. Main course is tough to get to if you enjoy telling your wait person to keep bringing out more of the appetizers/pasta dishes to share. Service was OKAY. forgot a couple of things we asked for and a couple of things they offered to us. Pricing was reasonable, wine selection very good, mostly Italian as one would expect. Been there on each visit to Chicago, but we decided next time, sitting at the bar may be a better experience.I love decor food is just ok.We had a great experience at RPM! It was very busy on a Saturday night but we were able to slide into a table in the bar area. We started with the beef carpaccio and truffled garlic bread which should just be served together, they complimented each other perfectly. I'm obsessed with the garlic bread- been thinking about it ever since I left Chicago- it is a must order! For dinner we had the Whole grilled Brazino for two and sauteed broccolini. We thought the fish would be presented as a whole fish- head, tail and all- unfortunately it came out as 2 filets on a plate, you cannot call 2 filets a whole fish! We were disappointed with the presentation but the fish was very tasty and the broccolini was yummy. All in all we would recommend this restaurant, it was one of the best meals we had while visiting Chicago.RPM was everything I had expected. I went with a group of friends and tasted several items from the menu, everything was delicious! Nice ambiance and good crowd!We visited RPM while in Chicago celebrating our 1st wedding anniversary. We made a reservation for a Sunday night and when we got there we walked right to our table no wait at all. Our waiter was great and helped us narrow down our choices. We went with the restaurant week menu and it was fabulous! It let us try lots of stuff on the menu and everything delivered! When we got to dessert the brought us some mini gelati cones to accompany our choices and they also brought us complimentary champagne to toast our anniversary! A nice unexpected surprise!! I highly recommend everyone to try RPM- you won't be disappointed!!We had the good fortune of checking out RPM during their practice parties last week before it opens to the public. The first impressions were very good and the space is beautiful with sleek white and black tones throughout (and I really like the server uniforms with white coats and black pants). The bar area is larger than I expected relative to the dining room but like Hub and Paris they have tables with the full menu too. It's no surprise that RPM will be another Melman hot spot in River North but there appears to be more of a focus on the dining experience and food.The menu is large with a ton of options in many categories. We tried something from the salad section (shaved brussel sprouts) and a starter from the cold antipasti section (fresh burrata). There's also a bread section, a pizzette section, a hot anitpasti section and a wood oven section. Yes, all of that just for "starters" with lots of choices. The next part of the menu is house-made pasta and risotto. Our server explained that each plate is relative small and shareable and not meant to be an entree. We tired the pesto pasta and mushroom risotto and really liked both. There were other options in the section I would want to taste - definitely a highlight of the menu. Finally, after all the previous options there is the entree section with steaks & chops, fish, classics and sides. We were not in a steak mood so we tried the salmon with a side of asparagus. I appreciate that the salmon dish was simple and not a massive portion. It was well cooked and seasoned and a nice option. The asparagus was our least favorite dish. We finished with a delicious bowl of chocolate sorbetto.It's not totally fair to judge the food and experience from a pre-opening, complimentary meal. There's a lot of good things going on that I know RPM will be a great addition to the area. My biggest complaints are the easiest the fix - service and front of house. I dislike waiting for a table and even more so when you have a reservation. I was confused why we had to wait another 30 minutes after our reservation time at 9pm on an evening when the restaurant isn't open to the public. Also, our service was good but at times seemed absent - just inconsistent and can get better with practice and training. Lastly the pricing is what you expect for a hot new spot with names like Rancic and Melman. Our bill was $125 for 2.5 courses with one entree and one dessert and one drink each. Add another entree and two more drinks and that's not a cheap night out. But in the end it's a beautiful and chic place to have a solid modern yet authentic Italian dinner.I have finally got around to making a review for this great place! I have been here MANY times since it opened and have enjoyed ourselves every time we have visited. The food is delish and the drinks hit the spot. I love having a Grape too as a dessert drink! The Spaghetti and Meatballs are my husband's favorite! Great atmosphere for drinks and dinner - We love going with 6-8 of us and share plates. Not too pricey as you think it would be too which is a plus - we will be back soon :)I just got back from LA and ate at 3 amazing italian restaurants.  I didn't think that Chicago could compete after that trip (even though I do think Prosecco and Davanti are very good)...and had heard RPM is a fantastic place to go, though "impossible" to get reservations.  Ok. So we called the same day and got same day reservations for 8pm.  Service was impeccable.We were seated immediatelyThe ambiance and decor of this place is sooo striking.  Everything is white, chic, and classic yet trendy.  The bar has TVs for us sports nuts that can't miss the games!Plenty of veggie options for us vegetarians!Beet salad was a great appetizerportions for pasta are not enormous, they are actually just perfect.  I had the pesto pasta which was OUTSTANDING...my date had the pomadoro sauce pasta which is also vegetarian and had a lot of spice to it, it was amazing as well.For dessert we had the tartufo which basically was a gigantic ferrero rocher with icecream inside...HOLY HEAVENWine list was extensive as well, we each just had a glass, the chianti was very good.reasonably pricedToo bad I didnt know it was LEYE, I WOuld have brought my rewards card!Highly recommend this place!PSDress to impress...RPM is simply awesome! We were a group of four and we shared 2 bottles of wine, the polenta, tuna tartare, Julianna's Salad, Caesar salad, fried artichoke, and then we each had our own entres. I ordered the chicken and peppers which was phenomenal. Just thinking about it, I want more. For dessert we had the chocolate hazelnut ball (can't think of the name), the apple dessert, and the cannolis. Everything was delicious. Great atmosphere, wonderful service, and spectacular food.I've been here many times and I love the place. The service and atmosphere is always good but most importantly the food is amazing. As a no meat eater, I love that they have so many vegetarian / seafood options. The spicy King Crab pasta is Amazing! My other favorites include Gnocchi al Forno, Roman Style Artichokes, and Brussels Sprouts salad and the Kale salad as well and of course the scallops.  No worries if you are a meat eater, there are, of course, many good things for you to choose from. The best part for me is that the portions are not too big and meant for sharing so you don't have to limit yourself to only one or two dishes.I have been super excited about this place and maybe I got my hopes up, but overall I thought was just okay. Dinner reservation was early and the place was not that busy, a little disappointed because 5:30 dinner (on a Friday) was a tad early. My friend and I were seated in back of the bar, on a high top table, which was fine. (We would have preferred to sit in the dining area). We both ordered a cocktail... which took forever to get! We split the meatballs, fresh burrata, bucatini and pappardelle. Meatballs were the best of the meal. After drinking our watered down cocktails, we both ordered a glass of wine, it was good. The bill was pricey for the above and what we had, I think we both left hungry.  Needless to say, it's a one time stop and I will take my Italian cravings elsewhere.So love this place!  Went there for my birthday and the food was INCREDIBLE!!  Loved the scene!!  I felt like we were at a Vegas restaurant and not in Chicago.  Only thing that wasn't so great was the service...however think it was b/c they were so busy.  Can't wait to go back!!Our 8:00 reservation had us seated at 8:30- made me think of Seinfeld saying 'you know how to take a reservation, but you don't know how to hold a reservation...'  That said, they made up for the wait with a couple of free appetizers- one of which was the meatballs which were great.  Overall though, for the price, ~$350 for 4 people didn't yield food worth that type of coin.  It was solid and certainly not bad and for $200, I would have given 3 stars for sure, but the food isn't worth the cost.  Atmosphere is cool, so I'd recommend going to the bar for drinks, but skip the food.Very knowledgeable staff (bartenders and servers). Great wine selection and nice menu choices for veg and non-veg. Plus with a variety of small and large plates its pretty easy to make it a family style dinner, try the short rib pasta... It's fantastic. Make sure to save room for dessert because you can't go wrong with any of the selections... I personally recommend the budino and the coconut sorbet that is made in house.  The venue itself is really trendy, chic, so dress the part. I'm a fan and will definitely be back.It seems like people either love this place or hate it. I'm in the former camp. We arrived on a Tuesday armed with reservations for 4:00 pm. Our party of 4 was seated promptly and greeted by one of the best servers I've ever encountered in any restaurant...a young lady named Amy...who knew the menu and the wine list inside and out. Each forkful of a new dish was greeted with "Wow, this is awesome!". The parmesean stuffed peppers, the eggplant appetizer, the parpadelle pasta with short ribs and the garlic truffle oil bread were outstanding. The only dish that didn't do it for me was the pasta carbonara. It came to the table with an unbroken egg yolk on top that the server mixed into the pasta tableside. Texturally it was not an appetizing dish for me. I can enthusiastically recommend the scallops, the chicken and the filet. Desert was wonderful and large enough to share. Make some time to try this place out.the appetizers and the deserts were good but everything is over priced and the portions are small. The pasta leaves much to be desired.I've been at RPM a couple of times before and had a good experience but yesterday's experience was unlike the other experiences I have had.  My family and I had a 4pm reservation on Sunday as soon as we arrived it was very apparent the hostesses were not happy we had two small children with us.  We stood by the hostess stand waiting to be seated (thinking there would not be a wait since our reservation was at 4) however they didn't acknowledge us standing there so we moved aside and sat in the waiting area.  While we sat there patiently waiting you could see the three hostesses discussing how they couldn't believe we had children with us.  Now I could understand if we were there on a Friday or Saturday night but we were thrown off by their attitude given we were there at 4.  They finally came to seat us and we were taken in the corner of the bar area (clearly out of everyone's way).  While the server himself was pleasant with us, he was not the most attentive.  After 10 minutes of not receiving the glass of wine I ordered I had to follow up with him.  The food itself was good, I can't ever complain about the food.  To our surprise when the bill arrived we noticed they included 18% gratuity on the check even though we only had 5 adults.  To me this is absurd to include the tip when you are counting the children in the head count.      Even though the kids were very well behaved throughout diner, the restaurant certainly does not make you feel welcome in their place.  Given that Bill and Giuliana have a child themselves, I can't imagine they would be too pleased to be treated this way at a restaurant.   I also understand that this is not exactly a kid-friendly place but this experience has changed my opinion on RPM and don't plan to go back again even if I don't have children with me.I normally don't go into places like this expecting very much, since it's the heart of River North, Hubbard, Illinois, Frontera blah blah blah...Most things in that area are utter disasters when it comes to actual quality food. But I'm gonna come out and say it: RPM rocks the house! It's easily the best of the bunch there.We enjoyed some Prosecco at the bar, which by the way had a pretty nice people-watching scene, albeit with the token TV behind the bar. After being seated (next to Jeremy Irons I might add...yes it is celeb heavy there!), we proceeded to order. We had the imported Burrata, the beef carpaccio, the prime beef meatballs, Maine lobster ravioli. Everything was outstanding in presentation, portions, and taste. When you nail down the trifecta, you can't really ask for much more. But the service and ambiance were great too so we did indeed get more. Can't wait to return here and try more things as each was quite decadent!LOVE IT. Walking into RPM for the first time, you'll think you're in the wrong place. Why you ask? Because it looks nothing like an Italian restaurant. Instead it fits right in with the modern and chic atmosphere of its River North neighborhood.Regardless if you're there in their dining room or beautifully large bar, you'll get amazing food & signature handmade cocktails. They even serve their full menu in the bar til 1 a.m.! I don't know about you all, but having quality food late night sounds perfect to me!Let's start from the beginning. Their truffle garlic bread..wow! You can taste the truffle. I have yet to try their antipastis, but it's on my must-do list. Their salads are light and delicious, but my least favorite is the brussel sprouts salad. It's a little too "rough" if you get what I mean.Their housemade pastas are what makes RPM amaze! My fam and i Loved the Duck Agnolotti (sauce is to die for!), Short Rib Pappadelle (pasta was cooked perfectly!), Wild Boar Saugage (delicious!), and Mama DiPandi's bucatini (my new fav pasta). They're all soo perfect in texture and taste. For main entrees I've only tried two dishes. Their spaghetti & meatballs were great, but not the best I've ever had. A little too soft of a meatball & not enough texture. The grilled giant prawns were sooooo delicious. It made me think of the giant prawns I had in Asia. It doesn't come with anything else though so I suggest some sides. Their cheese & salami selection is perfect for an after dinner or late night snack. :)RPM is reasonably prices, gorgeously decorated, and one of my new fav places for Italian. They fit the warm Italian cooking in a chic environment. It doesn't look like your ma & pa italian restaurant, but the food does remind me of one except with a few upscale twists. :) Definitely a MUST TRY! :)RPM gets better every time I go---which is becoming more and more often :) I've gone for my birthday, friends birthdays, whenever my family comes to visit me in Chicago, and just because i'm craving it. I never order eggplant parm out at restaurants (even thought its one of my favorite foods) because its usually too heavy, but at RPM its perfect every time. I've had about 75% of the menu so far, and everything has been great. I can't wait to go back.I met my husband and co-workers after work for a drink and to check out the new spot and was very pleasantly surprised!  Strikingly beautiful decor with white floor to ceiling draping and candles...very chic and romantic.  We planned to just get a few drinks, but they offerred us a table so we got food too.  Very reasonable prices given the upscale abmbiance.  Mainly small plates, but everything we tried was fresh and delicious!   We had the tagliatelle with short ribs (a must have!) and I'm pretty sure the pasta is made in house and it was delish!   All the seafood was very fresh and yummy too.  Nice drink and wine selection and the place was buzzing with people and energy but not too crowded or loud.  Great for groups or a romantic dinner!So I really have heard great things about RPM lately.  It was on my radar when it first opened and then fell off very fast when it got original horrible reviews.  Guilianna's baby has been born...in more ways than one.  I feel as though she may cherish the other one more.  HA.Alas, I ended up here on a Monday night.  Wow, this place is HOPPING on a Monday.  I have never seen a restaurant so busy on a Monday night without some sort of special happening.  We had reservations for 830 and of course there is a wait.  I was SHOCKED when they handed us a buzzer.  Am I at Chili's???  The vibe of this place does not shout buzzer.  OMG.  BOO.  The pretentious hostess, the pretentious vibe, the sleek wood with pops of white.  Definitely not buzzer like.  Oh well.  After 20 or so mins we got seated in a half booth.  I have to say, I love me a good booth.  Our server was really the reason I had to give this place 3 stars.  He was so pretentious.  First of all, lets say, a good waiter doesnt spill water all over my menu when we first sit down.  If you are going to act like god's gift, you better deliver.  This guy definitely did not.  So the water was kind of annoying, but it just added to the annoyance of this guy.  I think he was more concerned with his hair than what we were saying.  Literally when we were ordering, he only got half of what we were saying.  We had ordered gnocchi that never came out and had to reorder it.  Same thing with dessert.  It was like, is anyone in there?  Are you listening to us?  Also, we are very down to earth people and like real servers with honest opinions.  We all felt that this guy was just trying to upsell us the whole time.  Which in all honestly, if its the best stuff, thats fine but it didnt deliver.  This guy never cracked a smile or anything, it was UNCOMFORTABLE.The food was pretty good.  I have to say, I actually LOVED almost all of the small plates that we got.  The pastas were good, but nothing that I would be dreaming about or anything that I felt was special.We had:Burrata-this was my first experience with this.  I thought it was fantastic.  The cheese was creamy and the jam just made a perfect compliment to the cheese and bread, not to mention the arugula that it was paired with too.  Ricotta-delicious!  It was creamy and rich, but not overpowering.  It came with a great little tomato sauce too.Artichokes-probably one of my favorite things that we ate.  I dont know how they prepared them.  It was like roasted and then lightly fried.  YUM!  I could have ate these all night.Zucchini Flowers-they were good.  Reminded me of squash blossoms that everyone is obsessed with right now.Brussel Sprouts-good, however, I felt as though the dressing was too mayo-y.  It didnt say anything about mayo in the description.  It said avocado and it definitely didnt taste avocado-y.  Meh.Prime Beef Meatballs-yes, they were good.  Great seasoning, great texture.  Delicious.Potato Gnocchi-it was just ok for me.  We shouldve gotten the wood fire one, but the server talked us out of it.  Said this one was better...however, again, upsell, upsell.Mama's Bucatini-yes, it was good.  Did I think it was great?  Not really.  King Crab-this was probably my least favorite dish.  There was barely any crab.  It was flavorless.  Again, another great selection by the server.  I would definitely not recommend this.Cannoli-I have to admit, I am not a huge fan of cannoli, but this was really good.  Creamy, sweet, crunchy, not overpowering.  Budino-YUM!  I love the chocolate and caramel and salt.  It was heaven in a bowl!Overall, I think if we would have just ordered what we wanted and not listened to our server, we would have enjoyed it more.  I felt that most of the small plates were fantastic, most of the pasta was good, but nothing out of the ordinary, the desserts were fantastic, the vibe is pretentious with a Chili flair (BUZZER????).  The portions are small, however what do you expect???  Its for sharing.I might go back, but it wouldnt be my first choice.This is one of the best new restaurants to hit Chicago in a long time. The food was superb! We had Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro and The Short Rib Papparadelle, the Italian Salad that we started with was the best Italian salad I have ever eaten, period! Loved, Loved this restaurant and cannot wait to go back!Never write yelps, but my experience was so good I wanted to let the world and the lettuce entertain you company to know about it. So we went on Friday night and had a 8:30 reservation. They finally sat us 40 min after our reservation. Zach Smith came over brought us free drinks and appetizers. The food was EXCELLENT. He was so nice and at the end came up to use and told us he had competed the entire 95.00 bill. This is why I love lettuce entertain you they have the best customer service. I would 100 percent go back and I think it's a must try for everyone.We were very excited to go to this much hyped celebrity restaurant. I read that these are recipes handed down from Guliana Rancic's family. Well, that being said it is no wonder this girl is in need of a sandwich! You could never get fat, or full, from the portion sizes. We started with what is a version of fried mozzerella. Four bite size pieces for $5.00. Then we ordered the polenta with a truffled poached egg, $15.00. Very small potion, and I could not taste the truffles, but I think the black specks on top must have been the truffles. We ordered four different pasta dishes, unbelievably small, and each $10 plus. Prices are way too high for the portions. We were a party of four, we all left hungry and spent $180.00, for Italian food. Too much.Great Food. Trendy decor. Good service.Celebrity owners, so I wasn't expecting much, but RPM delivered in the food category. Our group of three each picked a small plate to share - pasta puffs, zucchini friti and meatballs. Pasta puffs were forgettable; reminding me of Pirate's Booty from Trader Joe's. Zucchini were good and substantial; the accompanying sauce was flavorful but not overwhelming. Meatballs were great, the sauce was so good I wanted to suck it up with a straw. We split two dinners, the eggplant parmesan and the swordfish with capers. Both dishes were delicious. The fish was tender and flaky, it came with a lemon butter sauce. The eggplant parmesan was also good and came with more of that delicious sauce. We capped dinner with delicious cannoli that had a hint of orange in the filling. Mmm. **Since we were visiting from out of town and most likely won't be back any too soon, we went back two days later to get cannoli take out. That stuff was delicious and worth a second look (and third and fourth...)Our server was excellent. The menu is a little overwhelming, but he did an great job walking us through it. He helped us pair wine with our meals. I would definitely go back the next time I'm in Chi-Town. Note: Pretty people eat here, don't be scared. It's definitely a place to see and be seen. We first went on a Wednesday night, reservations at 9, and it was nice and doable. We went back on a Friday night at 10 to pick up our dessert takeout and it was an absolute mad-house of trendy sweet young thangs. I think I would stick to a week night.This had to be one of the best meals I have ever had. I came here as a birthday dinner while on a visit to Chicago and I am in love! The gnocchi was the best I have ever had and all the portions were perfect. The meatballs were magnificent and the garlic bread was amazing. I am so happy to have come here for dinner. I know I will be back!Let me start by saying the place looks great.  They did a great job on the reno and it is completely different in style and layout than Ben Pao.  It has a large bar and several rooms, but there is a sense of openness.The food is kind of a drastic mix.  You have starters,pastas  and small bites that are inexpensive and chops and seafood entrees that are expensive. The entrees and a la carte and sides are $7.   Steaks go up to $50, but most entrees were in the $20-$30 range. Overall, the food was good. Some things were excellent, some okay.  My biggest complaint is the portions. Very small.  The cremini and fontini pizette (small pizza) is a joke. It is only $7, but it is about 5"-6" across.  The pieces of pizza looked more like for a mouse than human.The duck agnoloti were excellent. You get 6 small dumplings for $12.  The lemon conch pasta was also excellent. The Tuna entree for around $28 was unbelievably small.  It was 4 pieces of thin tuna.  Looked more like an appetizer. It had a few leaves of lettuce on it and nothing else.  When it came out we all commented on how small it was.The tortufo for dessert is a ice cream ball with a chocolate center and the entire outside is coated in hazelnut chocolate.  That was very good.  To be honest, probably the best value on the menu.  The service was so-so.   One item came out at the wrong time. The drinks came kind of slow. The place is beautiful. The people are good looking. It is definitely worth a look. Personally, I would go back for a drink, not food. The portions were too small and too unimpressive for the price.Came here on a Wednesday night as part of a group of 10.  The place is very hip and trendy... a kinda see and been seen place.  Think beautiful people.  The service was top notch, attentive without being obtrusive.  Food was very good albeit on the pricey side.  My Manhattans were perfectly poured.  The reason that I am giving this place 3 instead of 4 stars is largely the concept. I am all for small shared plates. But I also think that some food is good for communal dining(i.e. sushi, pizza, charcuterie)... others not so much (i.e. cereal, spaghetti, soup).  Although the food was very tasty and well prepared I thought it a little weird sharing my steak and spaghetti.  Other than that the meal was very good.Dined at RPM on Saturday. Was there for a birthday dinner. Overall the experience was good. The food was good, the service was good, the waiters and staff were friendly, the dining room is beautiful, but I'm just not understanding what the 3 month wait for a Saturday dinner reservation is for? I guess I missed something while I was there. I would definitely go back if there was not a wait.Took my wife there as a surprise this past weekend and we both were blown away. We flew to Chicago just for dinner at RPM and it was awesome. The food and the service beat our expectations. We will definitely be going back. We arrived about 15 minutes early and they sat us down within 5 minutes. The decor and the atmosphere was delightful. I highly recommend RPM to anyone in the Chicago area.I was excited to try this place out with all the buzz, sadly that is all it is. It is definitely the hot place to see and be seen, the hostess station was kind of a mess with too many hostesses vying for position it seemed, and no one seemed to be in charge. Ultimately we asked the bouncer and more or less seated ourselves in a high table in the bar. Th wait staff was very attentive so that was better. The atmosphere is dark and loud, DJ music is piped in to the bar as well as the dining area. This was late so maybe its different then earlier in the evening so not sure about that but my only thought is that I was at a club and not what I would want at dinner, but what is important is the food so on to the details.We went after a show and I was very hungry, my first surprise is that the menu was all about small portions, ok Italian small portions???  Also the waiter told us this was intended to be shared small portions but I hate to say that the portions are small you really cant share this. Ok well let's get beyond that. We ordered the Brussels sprout salad, if you had the salad at Sunda you know how amazing that is. Ours came and was extremely salted, couldn't get beyond that so moved on to Gnocchi Alforno, it looked amazing on the small dish albeit 4 pieces of gnocchi on a dish really? Sadly it was flavorless and mushy not what you would expect, next we had the fettuccine with toasted pine nuts, do not remember the full name but I remember similar dishes at other Italian restaurants and they were delish, well sadly this dish had absolutely no flavor, no really none. lastly I tried the eggplant Parmesan, I have had eggplant and I wasn't sure what this was but the only think I tasted was the cheese that was overpowering. The wine selection was just ok. At the end of the day glad I was able to try it but definitely not about the food it's about the atmosphere and the place to be. If you want good authentic Italian, head elsewhere as this can not be called an Italian restaurant maybe try La Scarola, Topo Gigo but not RPM. Later.....I dined here with my boyfriend and his father, who was visiting from out of town, on a Tuesday night. We had heard this restaurant was great, which was mostly true. The food was incredible and the service was really top-notch. However the ambiance was totally ruined by what sounded like techno music playing the entire time which totally ruined the mood and made conversation difficult. I wanted to love this place, but I was disappointed that it was more of a trendy, clubby vibe and not the cozy, old-world italian feel I was expecting.Delicious meal. Menu highlights: the burrata, the cavatelli, and the tartufo - very excellent.If you like great food, awesome drinks, and a good trendy yuppie ambience, then this is your place.  The staff, music, and overall arrangement was spectacular.  The selection of food is great, you can definitely have an affordable night if you want to, or use this place to go all out for a night on the town.  The spaghetti and meatballs was fantastic, as was the brussel sprout salad, fried olives, and lobster ravioli.  I'd highly recommend this to any native or tourist to Chicago.I loved this place!  My husband and I went for a date night a couple of months back, and we plan on checking it out again soon.  The service, the food, the atmosphere, the prices ... they were all great!As soon as we walked into the restaurant, the atmosphere got my attention.  It was well decorated, not too noisy, busy (but not overwhelming), and inviting.  We were immediately greeted by the hostess, and seated within a couple of minutes.  Our waiter was funny and outgoing, and he was very attentive.  The food was well priced, at around $8 for most appetizers, $10 for most entrees, and $7 for most desserts.  My husband and I ordered two appetizers, two entrees, two desserts, a cocktail and a glass of wine.  For all of that, our total was around $75!  What?!  That is amazing!The food was out-of-this-world good.  I got Mama DePandi's Buccatini Pomadoro, and my husband got the boar meat pasta.  Both were fantastic.  The one thing that I will warn future patrons of, is that they say their portions are sized for sharing.  I am not sure where they got that impression.  They are small by today's standards, but in reality, just enough to fill you up, without stuffing you.  Thereby leaving room for dessert!  This is not a complaint, just an observation.Would I recommend this restaurant to friends and family, and anyone who asks?  Yes, absolutely!The food was good, and the ambiance was GREAT; however, drinks need significant improvement!Typical river north place.  All show, no substance.  Our table shared close to half the menu, and the best thing we had was actually the garlic bread.  The prawns were very good as well.  However, on the whole this place was highly overrated.The truffle garlic bread had way too much garlic. The best thing I ate the whole night was the cheese inside a red pepper that came with the prosciutto. The lobster raviolis were ok, but we received 5 raviolis for 5 for $15. The gnocchi was light and fluffy, which is good if you are into that thing.  But, I was hungry because the portions were so tiny and needed something to fill me up. The portions were Guiliana-sized. The pesto was plain tasting.  The Bellini was great. Our waiter, Matt (according to the receipt as he did not introduced himself), was very stuffy and not friendly.  He did not visit the table as often as he should have.  I was really excited about going to this place but probably will never return.My husband and I came here for a date night on a Tuesday night. our reservation was at 830pm and when we arrived it was packed and we weren't seated until 9pm. We were a little annoyed but as soon as we were seated it was as if we were VIPs and everything from the service to the food was fantastic. We were even given a complimentary appetizer because of our wait. The spaghetti and meatballs was the best I have ever had.The medium-rare rib-eye steak is AMAZING!  (I usually don't like rib-eye).  Everything else was good too.Went there last night anticipating an amazing meal and great scene (coming from the hub 51 people it had to be right?) Well, apparently not... We ordered several plates- the cheese stuffed peppers (oily and the cheese had no taste), tuna carpaccio (awesome) garlic bread (very good)Brussels sprout salad (bland) and a pasta dish(rigatoni and eggplant with marinara -decent), meatballs (very good)...And of them all it was the tuna that we found to be the best. There was nothing remarkable or inspired about the food. Better Italian fare may be found at Osteria via stato!We ended up spending most of the evening at the bar after the meal and have to say that this scene was really great! The bartender was friendly (all the staff was extremely friendly and professional). In terms of drinks, the mixologist obviously knows what he's doing.In short: Would not return for the food-that's for sure! However, if you're looking for a place to grab a drink and hang out with friends this is a (but not THE) place to be.Was not expecting such a nice spot for an affordable cost. Some girlfriends heard about this spot and decided to check it out. To my amazement even on a super busy night we were seated in 20 minutes on a Friday night. Drinks were great and the food was even more delicious. You would not think that such a classy and trendy place would be as affordable as this one is!!!! For sure I would come back and visitThis place is amazing!  The staff is very attentive and the food is out of this world!! Don't miss the meatballs, short rib pappardelle or the potato gnocchi !  You won't be sorry!!  The pinwheel is pretty good too :)The Homemade Gnocchi was out of this world. I felt like I was sitting down at Sunday dinner.  This may be the beginning of a beautiful and delicious tradition here in Chicago. Thanks!Recently visited RPM for my cousin's birthday which we were very excited about.  However, we should have saved our excitement for somewhere else.  We arrived on a Friday and my cousin got there first with one other friend in our party.  She had called three months prior to make a reservation and was told the only times available were 5pm or 10:30pm for a group of 5.  She took the 5pm but explained the entire party may not be there since it's in downtown Chicago and people work in the 'burbs.  The girl on the phone said it would be fine if not everyone was there.  My cousin and her friend arrive at 5pm promptly and ask to be seated while the rest of the party arrives.  The hostess was very rude and told my cousin that they could not be seated until the entire party was there.  My cousin asked if that was because they would be giving the table to someone else (although the restaurant was dead at this time of the day) and she said no, there is a high top in the back waiting for us.  So instead of my cousin and her friend being able to sit down, have a drink and an appetizer, they were made to wait and stand in the front of the restaurant.  My boyfriend and I arrived at 5:40pm and we were still waiting for one more in our party (he was parking).  We did not dare asked to be seated since the hostess was so rude about it when my cousin previously asked.  The last person in our party arrived at 6pm and our table was still available.  When we were seated, the hostess rudely told my cousin that we must be out of our seats by 8pm.  Once we were seated, the night got even worse.  Our waitress was very standoff-ish and not very helpful.  It was obvious that she wanted us in and out of there as quickly as possible.  She explained some of the menu and took our drink orders and while I was ordering my entree, she told me it was highly discouraged to just order one of the small pasta dishes.  Maybe she was trying to be helpful but it came over overly pushy.  I explained I wasn't very hungry and I was going to eat some of my boyfriend's entree but she insisted I order something else after saying the $15 pasta dish was only a 4 oz portion.  I decided to also order the Italian salad.  I told her to bring the salad with the dinners since I didn't want to be rude and get my food before anyone else.  She looked at me like I was crazy so I further explained that it would be weird for me to be eating when no one else ordered an entree.Often, the waitress pulled dishes off the table before we were finished with them and brought the check promptly.  We were there for 35 minutes in all.One final, but minor, downfall was we were not aware that there was a $12 charge for valet parking since there was no sign out in front.  I thought this was a bit absurd for such a nice, classy restaurant which they are obviously trying to be.All in all, we felt very age profiled since most of the guests were well into their 40s and 50s so maybe they don't want the young crowd.  However, if they continue to treat guests in this way, their name will be quickly damaged and will have little business to survive.Although it was hard to get a reservation, it was everything I could've hoped for. The service was unsurpassed, the food was amazing, and we even spotted Bill when we were there! Try the lobster ravioli and you won't be disappointed! The only thing I could ask for is a more extensive wine list. Will definitely be returning!Overrated. Small portions. I do believe the notoriety of this place is due to...well...you know.This place is still very excellent!!  We went for my mom's birthday. :)  She loved it! The gelato is excellent.  We had the best waitress by the name of Ann.  Everyone needs to try this place at least once.Very nice, but I'd go to Quartino over RPM because of the prices and atmosphere.  The food quality is about the same.I love the food.  You can tell that its all fresh and homemade.  Stuffed Peppers are awesome along with the Prawns and Leg of LambI was invited to this restaurant the night before because my friend had a spot open on her reservations.  So needless to say I was excited but had not been dreaming of dining here for months :-).  The atmosphere was a great "clubby" scene with black and sleek things all around including the clienteles' attire. We had the best seat in the house in front of the DJ booth overlooking the bar.The service was great!  Our waitress was very knowledgeable and attentive.The wine and cocktail selection was great and I had a nice glass of red wine indigenous to Italy.My criticisms come with the food.  Our apps were truffled garlic bread which had good flavor but was way over broiled and dry and the cremini mushroom, fontina pizette which was also dry and rather flavorless as if it had been sitting out all day.  My dish was lobster ravioli.  The sauce had a nice light lemon flavor but was a little small on portion.  The ravioli was harder than al dente and almost crunchy as if i had tried to make a new dish at home and it didn't quite work out.  The tartufo for dessert, recommended by our waitress, was amazing!So overall hopefully if they can improve the food preparation I will be back to give them another chance.  But the food was definitely not up to par for the price.Overall, I think this restaurant wants to be trendy and people want to be in on the new trendy thing, but the restaurant falls short in quality of food and value. The food is essentially overpriced carbs and offers very little in terms of diversity in any one single dish. Luckily, I ordered the ricotta cheese and toast which came with free refills on the bread because there was so much cheese with the order. So I filled up on bread, essentially. While the bread was good, the cheese was nothing special and not very sweet, which was a huge disappointment because Divanti Enoteca's bread, ricotta, and honeycomb is my favorite dish at that restaurant and I would go anywhere that had something comparable. Overall, I see no real reason to come back here. Everyone raves about the Tartufo, but I did not think it was anything special. It tasted like the gelato version of a crunch bar. I would rather make brownies at home than pay $8 for that again.Food we ordered:Ricotta and Semolina Toast (3/5 primarily because of the portion alone)Truffle Garlic Bread (my favorite dish of the whole night; I am sad I did not order this instead of the Ricotta because I only had a small piece or two)- (4.5/5)Maine Lobster Ravioli (2.5/5)- this was a very bland dish, but I felt more justified getting it because I felt it having some protein, lobster at that, in it justified the price whereas a small bowl of pasta with some tomato sauce and basil was $10. There were only 5 small raviolis in this dish, which I knew going in, but I expected it to fill me up a lot more. I also expected much more lemon flavor.Spaghetti and Meatball (4/5) I did not personally try this dish, but it looked good, my friend enjoyed it, and she had enough to take home as leftovers.Tartufo (3/5)- Once again, this is more based on portion alone. My friend and I split this and there was plenty for the two of us. However, like I said, it tasted like a crunch bar version of ice cream to me. She thought it was better than that, but I was not impressed.Overall, there are way better restaurants you can go to in Chicago for the same price or even cheaper (and obviously more expensive).Our bill came to $59, before tip, for two people, with neither of us getting alcohol or a drink besides water. That is not too bad, but seeing as how I filled up mostly on bread, it was disappointing. I am a woman who always keeps tabs on my weight and I try to eat healthy, so if I am going to splurge on pasta, I want it to be a great pasta dish. I want a mix of flavors and various veggies and a protein. I really want some pizzazz in the sauce as well as the ingredients. RPM did not do it for me and it really was a waste of junk calories. Next time I want Italian, I will spring for the cab fare to Divanti Enoteca and enjoy really amazing Italian food, other non-traditional Italian options, and wine for the same price.My friends Bill & Giuliana Rancic partnered with the Melman Bros to open up this new spot.  First, the decor is chic the vibe is trendy and very inviting.  The folks that work there greet you with a warm welcome and the service is excellent.The menu has a lot of options, but my favorite was Mama Depandi's signature pasta dish.  Although it appears to be a simple pasta dish on the menu, the flavors added to this entree are certainly not.  Also try the pasta with conch, which is very tasty.Most items are meant to be shared, which should allow you to sample several dishes with a group of friends.  RPM's cocktail menu has great selections but my fave was the Lower Door.I went with a friend and we ordered the burrata, tuna carpaccio, brussel sprout salad, and Mediterranean octopus.  Other than the shredded brussel sprout salad...the food was marginal.  In fact the octopus we took one bite of and didn't go back for more.  The server was kind enough to take it off our bill. There are plenty of other amazing restaurant in Chicago...amazing Italian restaurants that I would choose over RPM.  Ambiance: , Food: , drinks: meh!Went with a group of 6. We got seated right at the time of our reservations. The waiter was great and he even memorizied all of our names. With a large group we all ordered different things from then menu.  Id say we got to try about half the menu and every single thing was great. I especially loved the desserts!!!! The tartufo AMAZING!!!!! Rice pudding and sorbetta were also great. This place has great food and prices are very reasonable. Dont expect large portions they are one person sizes.Tried to make reservations here for a Monday night via Open Table - only available times 5:00 & 10:00. WTF?!?!  Called the restaurant and easily made a reservation for 6:00.  Got here a few minutes early and had a drink at the bar.  Very cool bar set up and lots of options for glasses of wine by the glass & bottle.Food: It is small plates so great for going with groups where you can try lots of different items.  We ordered about 7-8 different items and were impressed by all of them.Atmosphere: Very cool/trendy.  Good place for people watching.  The Chef at Quartino (one of our favs) sat two tables away with his family, so you know the food is great.Price: Not bad at all.  Will was around $150 for 3 people with the above amount of food and a glass or two of wine for each person.Overall: Great place for any occasion. Hip enough to go with a group of friends and have a great time.  Romantic enough to have a nice dinner date.  Classy enough to entertain clients.We will definitely be coming back here!We went to RPM for Mother's Day on a recommendation to my wife from an old friend.  Not what it is all hyped up to be! The Shredded Brussel Sprouts with Avocado was very bland.  The grilled octopus (which I eat at least 1x per month) was under cooked and tasted 'fishy'.  Portions were small and although it looked like they had over staffed, the service was so-so.  Started out o.k., but we sat with multiple plates for at least 15 minutes and they were not even busy.  Maybe at dinner on a weekend would be better...My husband took me to RPM for my birthday and we were so excited to try their food. My pasta dish was quite tasty, though on the small side. However, my husband ordered a pork chop and thankfully always cuts into meat to check the temperature before starting to eat. His pork chop was raw in the center. Not slightly pink - it was shimmery, raw meat. Clearly, as this is unsafe to consume, he sent it back to the kitchen. The server returned about 15 minutes later with the same pork chop that had been put back on the grill. We were blown away. By this point, having been cut into and all the juices running out, it was dry as leather. He sent it back again and asked for them to just bring him an order of the pasta that I was eating. Another 15 minutes and he finally had an edible meal.The manager came over and acted as if we were at fault, stating that it wouldn't have been dried out if we hadn't sent it back. I don't know his dining habits, but we do not eat raw pork or anything else that could send us to the hospital. The correct approach to this problem would have been an apology and starting over with preparing a new pork chop. Food costs should be of no concern when it's the chef's mistake.Great atmosphere, awesome lighting and decor, waiting staff is great, food is good but...there wasn't one plate that was soooo great that I had to tell everyone about it. I would recommend coming here with a small group of people and sharing all of the food. This is what we did and we had a blast. It is actually not as expensive as everyone says...If you go with 4-6 people and get a bunch of apps and small plates, its actually very reasonable. I will come here again!This is a really cute spot! I heard such great things so had it on my food bucket list so was very excited to check it out with a girlfriend. They take reservations online so I was able to do that ahead of time and they had a decent amount of times available, but they were pretty busy for a 6pm during the week. FYI- we asked if there were any specials in the bar area but they said it was the same menu so we sat in the dining room.  I don't remember what drinks we got but we tried two cocktails and they were tasty and usual downtown prices. We did take recommendations for our dinner from our server which I was happy about. We shared two hot antipastis (meatballs and octopus) which were both very good. We also ordered the short rib pappardelle which was amazing! That was definitely the best thing we ate. We were interested in trying the ricotta bread and other pastas but we were stuffed!! The server thought we may have to order more but we didn't even end up finishing! The portions are small but sneaky! Start with a couple things and order as you go.Went to "shake down" soft opening. All the pieces are in place. Mama's recipes are the best, espcially the lasagna. Cool vibe in dining room.  This place will rock!We went to RPM last week on a Wednesday night. I am a huge G&B fan so I was uber excited to finally get a res here. We showed up at 7:20 for our 7:30 reservation and were given a pager. 7:50 still nothing. I did spot one of the Melman bros though, so that was cool. Ha! The place was insanely packed. I asked the hostess how much longer it would be, she said just a few minutes with no apology or anything (humf!). 8:15 we are finally seated and let me tell you, not super thrilled. 2 women were seated at the table next to us and they had the same experience. One said she had been to RPM 20 times and never seen it like that, but that they almost walked out. The manager walked over to both our tables and profusely apologized for being so late to seat us as well as how close our tables were together (they were tight!) and then said he had some apps already on the way over! Okay, add back 2 more stars!We had the meatballs (very good) the rustic bread with ricotta (suuuper tasty) and lobster caprese (very fresh and the mozz was awesome) mushroom pizzette (I mean seriously, cutest pizza I ever ate!), and the arancini for appetizers. Then we shared the spring risotto (really springy, great if you like peas, tasted light and fresh) and the short rib papparadelle (this was good, tender short rib and thick ribbons of papparadelle). We had the Tortufo for dessert and that was awesome! I was kinda intimidated to order it because it looked huge when I saw other tables get it, but it wasn't too crazy. Delish! The decor is really nice and the atmosphere is pretty hip. Definitely modern and a place to be seen. It isn't my favorite #1 Italian place (really it is hard to beat), but I would definitely go back. and it is up there! I have to say (after the hostess) our service was impeccable! I can't remember the last time I had such great service at a restaurant!Oh and Bill Rancic was there (per Twitter) while we were and I didn't get to see him, waaaahhh! :(RPM was amazing!  Went for a night out with girlfriends, and we found ourselves arguing over what was best because it was all so wonderful.  Our server, Anthony, was fantastic as well!  I will definitely be back soon!Came here on a Saturday right after it opened around 4:45, and it looked like a pretty good crowd for so early in the night. I just wanted a drink with a friend at the bar, and we were able to get a spot. The bartenders were perfect and for a beer around $6 was great given how upscale the restaurant is. Was hoping to see G&B, but no luck. Definitely glad I checked it out.I get confused when Chicago tries to be fancy.  Somewhere deep in my heart of hearts it feels off because I'm so used to ugly winter coats and sneakers.  So imagine my confusion at all of the sparkly dresses and off the shoulders at 6:30 PM on a Wednesday night when we show up for our dinner reservations.  Sparkles are for weekends and after 10 PM.  weird weird weirdI'd been to RPM Italian for drinks and my first impression was that it was New Yorky with the high ceilings and glass shelving.  The dining room is big but I can see why there's a long wait to get in here for dinner.  The booths are big and they only seat 2 people in them when you could actually seat more.  The space is huge but the interior designers designed it so it wouldn't seat the maximum amount of people it could actually hold if they bought different tables and chairs.  Anyway, since the menu was all small plates, my girlfriends and I made strategic choices.  We ordered the special zucchini stuffed something or other appetizer (decent but hard to cut), provolone stuffed peppers (meh), artichokes that tasted like mozzarella sticks (I didn't like that it was deep fried but the other girls loved it) and three plates of pasta.  We ordered the Ravioli, Gnocchi and Bucatini.  OMG the bucatini was amazing.  I would seriously go back to RPM and order two plates of it and have that for dinner and not order anything else.  The gnocchi was waaay too soft.  It was so soft it was kinda gross and overcooked.  It came in this not-identified-as-meat-sauce-on-the-menu that was off for me.  The ravioli was good, they were little so I didn't feel like I got a solid idea of its flavor.  All of the dishes came out so differently than we expected.  The menu doesn't describe how the dishes are prepared or what the ingredients are so you need to leverage your server for more information. For dessert we had the budino and tartufo, both very rich and delicious.  We were stuffed at the end of the meal and pretty satisfied.  Our server was knowledgeable and the staff were amiable.  Would I go back?  Hell yeah for the bucatini.  But I'd rather just go there and pick up my pasta and bring it home because it's just too much energy to go there otherwise.since i am in the mood to review, might as well squeeze this one too. i was at this resto last year so my review is based on a year old experience. the ambiance was great with pretty people all over the place. we shared meatballs, squids, and several other items. i cant remember all of them but i remember thinking all this food is good. i do remember service could be a tad better but it wasn't bad at all. i'm giving it a 4 star because I didnt see Bill or Julianna. :) i'd totally go back.I have to say I was pretty disappointed.  With a backing like the Rancic's and Melman's you would think that this place has to be at least decent....  First problem - we had a 10pm reservation and they didn't seat us until 10:40pm.  I understand the restaurant can't totally control this, but at least acknowledge there was a problem.  The hostess and staff seemed more annoyed with us standing around near the bar than we did that we had to wait 40 minutes past our reservation to be seated. Truffled Garlic Bread: This was straight up Jewel take-and-bake with no sign of truffled anything.  I seriously think someone ran down the street to Jewel and bought their pre-made loaf.  Shredded Brussel Sprouts:  So dry.  Tasted like a raw, harsh vegetable that was far from any brussel sprout dish I've ever tried.Roman Style Artichoke:  The "must-try" artichoke was flavorless and undercooked.  Zuchini Fritti:  Deep fried greasy mess. The pasta's were small, not really ideal for sharing and very unmemorable. Meatballs:  AMAZING.  So tender, they literally fall apart in your mouth.  I would go back and order only these (and hopefully not have to converse with the "too-cool" waitstaff much). All and all:  Skip it.My mom & I chose RPM for our mother daughter trip to Chicago because she is a big fan of Giuliana & Bill.  We loved everything from food, to atmosphere, to service.  Zucchini Fritti was yummy, and Giuliana's Italian Salad was the best restaurant salad we have ever had.  My mom insisted we get Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro and we were not disappointed. Delicioso!  My mouth is watering as I write this.i heard it was by giuliana from e! news so was not expecting much but heard good things- we went there for a special dinner and had a great experience!  the space itself is so large you would never expect it from the outside.  The place is very trendy, has great decor, a great date place for sure. we had a really sweet server michael- how cute!  started with the brussels sprout salad (i loooooove brussels sprouts!) it was really nice a little creamy but delicious overall. We then had hte watermelon tomato salad which was great! wish it didn't have olives or cheese would have been better a little simpler w/ just basil tomato and watermelon.  we hten had the wild boar sausage and pasta which was really tasty.  the pork was really tender and delicious.  overall a great experience but the cocktails were not that great a little too sweet. great place! well done giuliana and bill-Better Italian to be found on Taylor Street or even a place like Rosebud (bill of $250 with tip for 4 dinners...I don't mind paying for the quality and portions of food this was a ripoff)-Horrible faux dance/club music in background...how incredibly cheesy-Really nothing special on the food front; there was not a single dish/preparation that I haven't had much better elsewhere (and if I'm paying $33 for 4 scallops they should probably be good, at least I think so)Where does the hype for these places come from?  I think we sampled about 10 things off the menu...not one was memorable.  Seriously people, get yourselves down to Taylor Street.  This is garbage.There was a group of 4 of us that attended dinner at RPM.  Myself and my female coworker were very excited to dine here as we are fans of Guiliana and Bill.  The other 2 male coworkers had no idea why we were so excited.  This is the place to be as we made reservations over 2 weeks in advance that the only times they had available were 5:00pm and 9:00pm, we choose the 5 and it worked out perfect for us. This place was packed!! Every table was filled.I had a small incident with my meal, but the waitress did a great job attending to it and I got my 2 entree within minutes of ordering.  The reorder was the eggplant Parmesan was excellent, can't wait to have it again.  We also ordered the Guiliana salad, spaghetti and meatballs and the Spicy King Crab with squid inked spaghetti....all were very yummy.  We opted not to get appetizers so we could divulge in dessert.  We ordered the Tartufo, Baked Cannoli and the special, which I can't remember the name but it was the donuts willed with Nutella and a mascarpone dip.  After we left I started to look up how to make my own Tartufo, it was amazing!The guys were a bit hesitant going, but they were very happy at the end of our dinner.  We would all return, but just need to remember to make reservations so you're not sitting and waiting, I'm sure for a long time, but worth the wait!We just found our new favorite Italian restaurant!  We went there for my girlfriend's birthday on a Wednesday; by that Saturday we were contemplating going there again for dinner.  Great modern decor, Blake our server was awesome, but the highlight of the night was the food.  We shared everything we ordered: truffled garlic bread, stuffed-peppers, carbonara (which is finished table side, great touch!), the filet mignon, and the parmesan potatoes.  My girlfriend had a coffee float of some sorts for desert... I'm not a coffee person but she loved it too.  All in all we will be back!As a fun story, they were filming and episode of Bill and Giuliana the night we were there!Very tough to get a decent reservation time.  Food and drinks are good but too expensive for what you get.  Bar area is a young, hook-up spot.  Not ideal for this 30s and married gal..Have had dinner here before and the food was great.However, the reservation availability for large parties is very limited. Wanted to book a party for 10 and there was only 1 option, a large table in the bar which they only will hold for 1 party a night.How am I supposed to enjoy their food with friends if I can't get a table? Do they realize they're in the city of Chicago and that parties of this size are common?I've dined here once before and suggested RPM to my boyfriend for our anniversary dinner. So I looked on Yelp to get a decent reservation on a Sunday night. There was no availability unless we wanted to eat at 4 in the afternoon or 10 at night, neither of which were appealing. So my boyfriend called roughly two weeks beforehand and managed to get a us a reservation at 7:30. When we arrived we were greeted by 3 hostesses and were seated right away to a table in the middle of the main dining area. Our server greeted us a few minutes later and explained the menu and the small portions. He told us about the special which was a Risotto with proscuitto imported from Italy, offered only for a limited time, is larger than the other plates, and said he loved. He then took our drink orders; I got the Classic Bellini and my boyfriend ordered the Long-faced Dove. Both of which were really good.We started with the Truffled Garlic Bread and needless to say we finished the whole thing. We then ordered Short Rib Pappardelle, the Wild Pacific Salmon, a side of Roasted Mushrooms and the Risotto special. We both thought all the food was really good except my boyfriend didn't care too much about the risotto. Regardless, we finished it all. My boyfriend ordered a Stella and 10 minutes later our server said, "Did you not get your Corona? They were supposed to bring it. Don't worry  I won't charge you for it." So we didn't correct him because he it was nice he wasn't gonna charge it anyway.For dessert, we got the Tartufo and our server suggested the Roasted Michigan Grapes saying it's his favorite and is often overlooked/underrated. So we tried that as well and it did not disappoint. Overall, our server made good suggestions and the food was excellent but here was the downfall. When our server brought us our check, he never gave us a chance to look at it because he saw we had our card out and immediately took it and charged it. We didn't think anything of the bill until we walked out and actually felt we were overcharged because we then added up everything we got, took into account he probably still charged us for the Corona but still didn't how an extra $45 was charged. The only irrational explanations are if the Risotto special was like $60 or if tip was already included which was not the case because it wasn't included when I ate here before. Granted, we didn't ask how much the special was and it was probably our fault for not asking to look at the itemized receipt but that was because he made us believe he good server. I still would like to revisit but my boyfriend needs some convincing after that mishap.Great place for a saturday night outing - it is a place to see and be seen, only with a slightly upper age crowd.  You're bound to see some celebs dining there on saturday or friday nights - bulls players, some out of town celebs.  Overall, good food and good cocktails - nothing to brag about but i would definitely recommend to others (and have!) - it's a great vibe and I think a cool experience.  The menu is diverse while still has the traditional italian kick to it.  i think they've done a nice job on the menu.  it is also very reasonably priced.  Their proscutto is a killer! :)Went here for dinner before seeing Tosh so we went early- 5:30- but there was already a crowd but not enough so that you couldn't walk-in and be seated. The decor is nice but nothing special. The food is great and I love that they have craft beers (e.g. Half Acre) as many Italian places do not. We tried the cheese plate, ceasar wedge, meatballs, and lobster ravioli. Part of me thinks this is an upscale Quartino's- without the tourists.Vegas style swanky spot with a tapas-like sharing food format.  I'm obsessed with Giuliana and Bill--best couple ever--which drew me here, but independent of the restaurant being part celebrity owned, I liked it a lot. 4.4 starsFood: 4 Atmosphere: 4 Service: 4Cost to worth it rating: 4 (small plates ~$7-15)Eve award: best pomodoro sauceHighlights:- Pomodoro sauce: fresh, sweet, light--must have some magical ingredient that made it stand out irresistible to me. I'm still thinking about it a week later. Had it both in the meatball appetizer and mama's pasta (and dipped the arancini in it), but couldn't get enough- Meatballs: quality finely ground meat with a wonderful smooth texture - Arancini: these small fried risotto balls were the hit of the table. The hidden bit of prosciutto inside was a nice addition.- Short rib pappardelle: tender pieces of meat that didn't need sauce for flavor - Affogato: the hub's regular cap to any Italian meal was a bit different with a bottled chilled coffee. I thought it was root beer at first but a brilliant idea to ensure the ice cream lasts longer- Bill's budino: not sure what it was but sort of like a thick chocolate mousse with salted caramel and little cocoa nibs on top. I know there was talk on their show of changing it up, but I really liked it- Wines: decent selection by the glass with a great Italian mix- Cocktails: got a bellini and loved it--the peach was not too sweet and always love my bubbles :-)- Birthday dessert: mini ice cream cones were adorable and filled with 3 flavors: coconut, pistachio, and rice pudding. I love it when restaurants acknowledge a special event  - Gluten free menu: just noticed now they had one and a gf fettuccine--love that since I'm technically not supposed to have wheat.- Waiter: helpful and professional. He explained the meal format and portion sizes as well as gave wine recommendations when requested- Atmosphere: soft lighting and mood music in the background. White chairs and semi circle booths were unique and unexpected at an Italian spot.  Good sized space with almost half dedicated to the bar area.Lowlights- Burrata filled ravioli special: was so excited cause this cheese is on every Italian menu nowadays and we loved it since we first tried it at A16 years ago,  but I've never had it in a ravioli. Unfortunately there was not much flavor and way too salty so it was our least favorite dish Had a nice evening here and would return to hang out at the bar or have another meal--and getting to see G or B would be nice too. ;-)Went to RPM on a friday evening. First impression is that the place is very vibrant...The restaurant seemed perfect setting in NYC...White and black accent on the side..We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table even after making reservations but no big deal. Our server was very courteous and patient and gave her recommendations. Drinks were good here and even though we only ordered a couple dishes, the food was good! Seems like every restaurant in chicago nowadays is Small Plates so I would suggest ordering multiple dishes. Dessert was also good and would recommend trying it out. Definitely going back here again!Food is good. I like the place but its not a superstar for me. Not my crowd, give me La Scarola any day of the week.Mmmmm..what a treat!  Came here with a couple of friends the other night and it was amazing.  Inside it was very trendy and everyone in there were dressed to impressed.  Our drinks and food were delicious. Plus our server David was oh so fab.  Cant wait to come back soonQuick summary:  4 stars for this trendy, celebrity, upscale restaurant that has both style and substance.  As long as you know going in that portions are small, prices are somewhat large, and get your reservation weeks in advance, you'll be fine because in the end RPM Italian really does deliver an overall great dining experience.The story:  The wife had arranged for us to have an outing for her best friend's birthday, which meant that I had to come out from under my bridge and be a social animal.  RPM Italian was the chosen venue.  The wife was very excited as this is a very hip, trendy, celebrity owned restaurant, which can be difficult to get a reservation at.  When I heard that description I was of course terrified.  So I located my sport coat, took the credit card out of moth balls and we headed out to meet our peeps (quick shout out to Arnie Underpants and Princess Robin at this point).  We valet parked and stepped into a deceivingly large restaurant, with a cool modern interior design that I honestly was impressed by.  We went to the bar to grab a drink while we waited and I was pleasantly surprised to discover that although there was music playing, it was just loud enough to hear, but quiet enough to actually carry on a conversation.  We were promptly seated in a very hip dining room that was packed from one end to the other.  The service was good.  The food....the portions are small,  and you'll want to order with the intention of sharing at the table, but they pack a very flavorful punch and are very rich and well done.  A trendy, small portion, celebrity restaurant is really not my style at all, and I freely admit that.  But to be honest I can't really find a negative thing to say, and can only say that I was very happily surprised by RPM and would go back.The grub:  Apps - Prime beef meatballs and 600 Day prosciutto - although you only get 3 meatballs, it was easily the best meatball I have ever eaten.  As for the prosciutto, you get a decent amount but I guess I just didn't get it because I thought it had no flavor whatsoever, whereas others raved about it.  Entrees - Mamma Depandi's Bucatini Pomodoro and Burrata Ravioli, with a side of Garlic whipped potatoes - the wife loved the pomodoro, which I thought was good but not mind blowing.  The ravioli was outstanding, and I couldn't help thinking as I sat there eating the 6 pieces I was given, "I only wish I had a big ass plate full of this stuff, you know, a normal portion."  The potatoes, which was a decent sized portion, were super good.  Dessert - Bill's chocolate budino - holy crap was that good!  Super rich, bursting with chocolate and caramel goodness, while at the same time being salty!!??  That's just genius.  The wife said her cocktails were excellent, and I can vouch for the coffee as being a nice velvety, rich blend.Conclusion:  I guess the best recommendation I can give, is to put it this way:  I could care less if it's in and trendy, I really don't care what celebrity owns it, and having to make a reservation weeks in advance doesn't impress me at all.  What I care about is quality, the quality of the food and of a dining experience, and RPM Italian solidly exceeds expectations on both.  Although the portions are small (and yes, I probably made the "where's the beef?" face at first), the food is great, and filling.  The service was very good, never pretentious, and the ambiance was classy and gave a sense that you really were in a special restaurant.   Pricey, but worth the price of admission to the show.  The wife and I, and our peeps enjoyed ourselves very much, and will return.The service was outstanding, thank you Bobby and the food amazing.  Even the pasta servings are said to be small, they are large.  Everything was excellent.  Thank you for a the experience.  Please open a location in San Francisco.This is a wonderful, affordable restaurant although the wait staff is a bit awkward - not as friendly as I was expecting. Great wine (had the cabernet) and good food. Filet was delicious. Since there is so much hype about all of the other dishes I wasn't expecting the steak to be so good. Gluten-free short rib pasta was good but didn't have the "wow" factor I was expecting. I there are so many other dishes I'd like to try that I don't think I would get the same one again. Next up is the gluten-free eggplant parm or the pasta carbonara.Great ambiance. Great service. Great food and wine (pumpkin pasta was delicious). However, definitely overpriced and very small portions. A bit of a disappointment.Finally had the opportunity to get here.  Went with my wife and four friends.  Cocktails were very good, the place was very busy, and filled with the hippest of the hip crowd.  The food was decent, but portions were very small.  We shared a lot of dishes and they were all pretty decent.  The filet was really tender, as was the pork we ordered.  For $500 I would not go back anytime soon, considering all that is out there.  Sorry Bill.Hubs and I were in town visiting from Texas and luckily got reservations here.  We were a little disappointed that 4:30 p.m. was the LATEST spot open, but it actually ended up being perfect because that left us with plenty of times to hit up some other spots for drinks after.  We had the garlic bread (BEST of my life!), prime beef meatballs, Mama Dipandi's pasta and the traditional spaghetti and meatball.  Everything was fantastic!  OH, the drinks were great too - I really liked the pinwheel!  We opted to NOT have a meat entree because neither of us wanted to be so full we couldn't walk.  With what we ordered, we were comfortably full/satisfied and there was no need to eat again later. The interior here is really nice; swanky and upscale but not stuffy.  Very comfortable.  I absolutely loved it everything and can't wait to go back the next time we're in town!OK, it's overpriced, the crowd just wants to be seen but come on, let's admit it, if you come too, you probably have the same intentions!Came on a weeknight for an 8pm reservation and the place was packed. The bar area was very loud. We were seated within about 20mins and were helped by a great server.The service was very good and our server made good recommendations. The food and wine were amazing.It was rather slow and we felt it was taking a little too long for the first appetizers to arrive. It did take a little too long to get our wine too.Definitely a place to try, but again, I am pretty sure you can find a good Italian not that overpriced with the same quality of food.I will go back, but only if I'm invited! That's not a place where you want to watch your budget!Me and my husband went here for our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised.  It was a Monday night and they were packed!  No wonder it takes forever to get a reservation.  We got there really early thinking we could get a table earlier than our reservation, wrong...we only got a table 15 mins earlier than our 7:30 reservation.  So we sat at the bar.The food was very good.  We had the truffle bread and prime beef meatballs for a starter.  Both were excellent!  For our meals I had the short rib pappardelle and he had the 20 oz bone in Ribeye with the mushrooms for a side.  The pasta was delicious!  It was a small serving but it was perfect for me because I can't eat those huge bowls of pasta.  His steak was huge and amazing, I kept stealing bites from it.  The flavor was awesome.  The mushrooms weren't that impressive, they were too chewy and almost not cooked all the way?   For dessert we had the tarfuto which was heaven.  Our waiter was incredibly nice and attentive even with how busy the place was.  It is pricey and the portions are small but overall it was really good.  The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars was because it was a little too "trendy" night club-ish.  I wasn't big on that part.Shredded Brussel Sprout salad was phenomenal. Not at all impressed with Mamma de Pandi's Bucatini al Pomodoro, though- - pasta noodles stuck together in clumps (a culinary sin!), sauce way too sweet.  The Pinot Nero was a delicious glass, but the Baby Amarone was only o.k.  The Long-faced Dove cocktail was shockingly nondescript in flavor, which is shocking considering that it incorporated both tequila and Campari.  Finally, the location across from a fire department (with perpetually flashing lights) was way unfortunate.  Not quite sure that I need a seizure with my bowl of noodles.  Che peccato!I ordered the meatballs and prociutto pensotti. Both were good and SALTY. I didn't know what a pensotti was when I ordered it, it's kind of like a tortellini but not twisted. It was filled with cheese and prociutto (but I couldn't see it) maybe it was chopped super small? The meatballs were large and tender, I would've enjoyed them more if there was some sort of pan frying done to the outside to make them not all the same mushy texture. I ordered take-out so I can't speak for the ambiance inside. but the hostesses were nice enough.After reading yelp reviews we were a little worried we would have to wait to make a reservation, however we went on a weekday and were able to be seated right away.  It was an off time though, around 3pm so most people were still at work.  Our server was really nice and attentive, as well as impeccably dressed.  The decor is very chic, it really did have an LA feel to it.  We really enjoyed everything we had there, most of all the squash blossom app and the sweat pea risotto.  It's pretty pricey, which is expected being a celebrity backed "it" place, but the quality is worth the price.  I'd go back.I came here for a birthday dinner and they did a fantastic job.  The food was rich and tasty.  I'm not usually a small plate guy, but these small plates were so rich that we were full after sharing a few.  Some notables were the truffle oil garlic bread, house salad (amazing!) and fried calamari / shrimp. They also have full portion meals but we didn't really need it.  We had the chocolate budini dessert which was basically like eating liquid chocolate cake with sea salt caramel.  It was one of the best ever.  They also brought out some mini gellato cones for the birthday (free) which I thought was a nice touch.  The service was great and the wine was too.  All in all a very nice atmosphere and experience.  We saw Bill there with his new baby which added to the night!Absolutely loved this place! Excellent customer service. Sparse decor, everything is just white, I was looking for something a little interesting. Server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, gave very detailed descriptions of every dish. We started out with the lobster caprese which was to die for! The bread and olive oil that they give you is fine and tasty, but nothing to rave about. My husband had the Spicy King Crab squid ink spaghetti and really enjoyed it, and I had the sweet corn agnolotti which was basically corn filled raviolis in a beautiful creamy white sauce. It was so delicious! My only complaint is that the serving was a little bit bigger. You expect servings to be smaller in this place, but I was still hungry and ended up eating my sons spaghetti because he didn't eat much of it. We ordered the special dessert which was an almond cake with a ricotta ice cream and candied walnuts and cherries- it was so delicious! The only weird thing, the size of the spoons for dessert- they were this skinny spoons that were about 12 inches long, so it was awkward eating the dessert with them. The only reservation we could get was for 4:30 PM, and having a baby there made it a liitle awkward because the place was sooo quiet, but it started to pick up as soon as our meal was done.Great atmosphere- good crowd and awesome food- cant go wrong with this on a friday night outGreat place.  Good food and atmosphere.This place is totally awesome.  Has a very fun and trendy atmosphere.  I ordered truffled garlic bread and zucchini fritters, both of which were great.  My pasta was decent-got the carbonara and it was a bit overly creamy.  I was particularly impressed by the service, as I was carded to get a cocktail and later the server preemptively brought me a birthday dessert (bday was 3 days later). Highly recommendedBesides the fact that it was very hard to get in here on a Friday night, I have nothing but the most positive things to say about my dinning experience. Not only were the greeters friendly and warm, but they honored our reservation time which is not easy to find at a hot spot usually. Lets start with the cool waiters and waitresses that run around the room with a purpose. The service was impeccable. Moving on to the most delicious brussel sprout salad and zucchini frittes, I was already stuffed. I did however have room for the meatballs....which were delicious. I am a big fan of Bill & Giuliana and happy their restaurant is doing so well!We went to RPM for our one year anniversary as we tend to frequent many local establishments once a month for date nights, but held off going to RPM until our anniversary.  With all the reviews and word of mouth rants on how great the food, drinks, and ambiance we felt a review was needed for the next couple. The ambiance was great and although it was very black and white décor the food and drinks gave it the pop that it needed. The bartenders at the main bar were on point and the drinks (Campagna & Heart of Another) perfect flavors and mix of alcohol. The seating was family style almost where there isn't much room between the smaller tables that seat two people; wish there was just a little extra room as I literally had to excuse myself to both tables on right and left before sliding through and impeding on their personal space. Getting to the food! We started with prosciutto-wrapped figs and smoked salmon crostini (these were actually smaller than the average size). They were delicious and you could tell that the ricotta cheese was fresh, but wish that they were just a little larger like the average size serving. For the main dishes my boyfriend went with the 20oz painted hills bone-in ribeye steak and he wasn't please.  He had asked for medium cook and although, the inside seemed to be medium the outer steak was burnt/crispy and overall super salty.  The roasted mushrooms were amazing though as his side.  I personally had the prosciutto tortelloni which was also a little salty (yet understandable I guess due to prosciutto being salty) however, this still should have been noted, right? I had a salad as a side and it was amazing! The heirloom tomatoes salad was beyond great and would recommend over and over again. We defiantly will try this place out once again and hope that it was merely a flux. We're rooting for your place Giuliana & Bill & looking forward to trying out your new steak place opening up in February so I hear???!!!!!I wanted to love this place, but I have to say, it was just okay. I really did love the atmosphere. It was modern and hip, but the music was not too loud like other places near by. Our waitress was friendly and the service was pretty good as well. I went with a few girlfriends, and we ordered a bunch of stuff to share. First, we started off with the meatballs, mushroom pizza, and calamari. The meatballs and calamari were very good; we all devoured them. Small portions-but enough for everyone to get a decent bite. The mushroom pizza had no flavor. Definitely needs some work. For pasta, we all split the cacio e pepe and the Mama DePandi bucatini. The pastas were  perfectly al dente. We loved the bucatini-best thing we ate all night. We also split the chicken with peppers which was just okay. Definitely worth checking out, but I'm not running to go back again right away!Had such a good time. Came with some friends and had a pretty sweet time. Great wine selection. The potatoes ( no really) were astonishingly good. I had a waiter named Glen Something from Alaska. Ask for his section. Made me look like a big shot in front of everyone all night, very charming. I can't eat to bring back another group.If yelp would let me give half stars, this place would be a 4.5 but they don't, so I can't.  #realworldproblems.  Was looking for a new spot to go for my birthday - enter RMP Italian.  First things first, this place looks nothing like what Ben Pao used to and I loved the mainly black and white decor.  We weren't able to get anything other than a 10:30 Saturday night reservation less than a week before we wanted to dine, but went with it anyway.  There was about a 15 minute wait once we got there, which was slightly annoying given that I'm usually in bed by 10:30.  Okay, fine, not on a Saturday.  But still.  Between the five of us, we ordered: Giuliana's salad, the lobster caprese, fried zucchini, arancini, Mama DiPandi's pasta, spicy king crab pasta, lobster ravioli, the short rib papradelle, hazelnut tartufo, and the strawberry carpaccio.  Almost everything was outstanding.  The only slight miss for me was the lobster caprese.  One would think that this is an outstanding combination...I mean, what's not to like about lobster, pesto, and fresh mozzarella.  Well, in this case - lobster.  I may have mentioned my slight (ahem: large) obsession with lobster.  The lobster in the caprese almost tasted fishy, which is rare, in my experience, for lobster.  I don't know if we got a bad batch or what, because the lobster in the ravioli was excellent.  Funky lobster aside, the rest of the caprese was actually quite good but when you pay $16 for lobster caprese and you all agree that the mozzarella is the best part, well, that's not quite what you're looking for.  I don't know if I could pick a favorite out of the other things...they were all so good!  They were out of Bill's chocolate budino by the time we got to dessert, which was disappointing but the tartufo and the strawberry carpaccio were both solid replacements.  My friend told the server that it was my birthday and he brought out 5 mini ice cream cones with a candle, which was cute, but then we got charged for it, which was annoying.  We ordered desserts anyway - either put a candle in those or don't charge me for something you're bringing out on your own.  He made up for it though with his wine recommendation.  After our first bottle of a pinot neri, which was good, but not great, we were in the process of ordering one of the Montepulciano Aglianico when our server recommended the (cheaper) Montepulciano d'Abbruzo, promising to buy the wine for us if we didn't like it.  It was an outstanding recommendation and one of the best red wines I've had lately.  I appreciated his honesty in recommending a cheaper wine that he felt was a better one.   I was really hoping RPM wasn't a gimmicky, "hey I'm famous so I'm going to open a restaurant with mediocre food that people clamor like animals to get into" type of place and it wasn't at all.  The only other negative...no Giuliana and Bill.  Oh well, maybe next time :)Very difficult table to reserve so book weeks in advance.  Wide variety of home cooked italian, seafood and steaks.  Great wine selection.  My wife had the eggplant, I had sea bass.  Both dishes were very fresh as was the caesar salad.  Very deep wine list.  Cannolis for dessert were terrific.  Exceptional service.  A great vibe -- one of the top restaurants in Chicago.Went to RPM on 8/26 for our anniversary dinner.  We made the reservations on Open Table about 2 months in advance as I am a fan of Guiliana and Bill Rancic.  Was disappointed that our advance reservations had us seated at high tops near the bar.  The place was about half filled, so you'd think they'd accomodate advance reservations in the main dining room.  This really irked us.  When we asked to be seated in the main dining room we were told we were in the main dining room and the other seats were accounted for.  Hmm... not a fan of feeling like I'm at a sports bar while dining.The restaurant is well decorated and we were seated immediatly. Servers were excellent and very knowledgeable about the menu and portion size.  The portions are small, as the server said, it's meant to be more Tapas style.  The place is a bit pretentious though.  The music reminded me of a spa waiting room.  I don't expect Frank Sinatra playing, but this seemed out of character for the restaurant.Food and wine were delicious!  Loved the tempura style squash appetizer that was on special.  We also had the pizette, which was small and tasty, but not out of this world.  I had Mama DiPandai's Pasta which was very fresh and the sauce was delicous.  My husband had the pork entree with gigante beans.  The pork was incredibly tender and who knew we'd be fighting over those delicous gignante beans!  We also had a side of mushrooms and parmasean potatoes, which were tasty too, not too too special.  Topped off the meal with the hazelnut gelato in a chocolate dome which was perfect for 2 and tasted like a giant Ferrero Rocher.Overall the food and service was great. It's nice for a special occassion, but since I'm not near the Loop I'm not sure if I'll go back.Excellent food, excellent service. We recommend mama dipandi's bucatini pomodoro & add meatballs! So good.It was very good food and excellent service. However, I was disappointed at the size of some of the portions, mainly the squash blossoms (only4 for $11). Nothing sets me off with an expensive restaurant like not serving bread. C'mon $4.00 for an order. Grant it, it was delicious but to have to pay for it! Squid ink linguini with crab and giant scampi are delicious. Do not order the melted caramel with chocolate nibs for dessert. That was rejected after one bite. It is pretty much decorless, making it more nouveau by just having everything white. Couldn't decide if I like it that way or not. Bartender made the best Cosmo ever tasted because she didn't weigh it down with cranberry juice. I believe that's the way it was intended to be. Place was packed and it was only a Monday. Lot's of corporate spending accounts, I assume.Amazing. Complimentary champagne while we waited for our table. We had 10pm reservations and were sat by 10:30. Our waitress was engaging and answered all of our questions. The gnocchi appetizer was amazing, actually all the food was. We did get our reservations in July for mid September and weren't able to get anything before 10pm. I will absolutely be back.Great food, Great service, Great scene, priced right.  Would return with out of town guests.  The room was too loud to have a conversation, but this is what happens when you have a hot place with buzz.The appetizers we ordered were decent. The waitress suggested the King Crab Squid Ink Spaghetti entree and it was almost inedible. I couldn't even finish it. The menu is pretty expensive so I was expecting more.The decor was pretty/trendy. Probably a fun place to grab drinks, but I wouldn't eat here again.RPM Italian is great and I would recommend -- however not completely impressed. I will say perhaps we just ordered some of the wrong plates, as they were either nothing special or spectacular.I was most impressed by the decor and environment, very intimate and classy.My boyfriend and I made our meal out of several small dishes and came out feeling stuffed!*Homemade Ricotta (5/5) - delicious and great way to get in a month's worth of carbs! *Pasta Puffs (3/5) - nothing special. Basically cheetoh puffs with light cheese flavor. We spread our leftover ricotta on them to add a bit more flavor.*Gnocchi al forno (2/5) - we were actually really excited about this and ended up not enjoying it very much. The photos of it we saw online looked awesome, and as someone who loves anything baked in cheese, I regret ordering it. Weird consistency and just bland.*Proscuitto Pansotti (5/5) - this quite honestly helped gain this review its fourth star from me. Full of flavor and delicious! Basically proscuitto and cheese stuffed ravioli. There were only four or five pieces, and left me wanting more!Dessert definitely didn't fail  us. We shared the Tartufo (basically a huge Ferrero Rocher) and the Rice Pudding Gelato. WOW! Both were amazing! And served as a great balance, chocolate vs vanilla(ish).As mentioned, I'd definitely recommend to give RPM a try. My boyfriend was far less impressed than I was (except for the dessert), but perhaps the menu had other things to offer that we would've enjoyed more.The music here sounded just like my Ipod yummy food & a Fun atmosphere.Get there early around 7pm if you are trying to sit in the bar area as the high top tables fill up fast. Great food and a nice place to meet new people. We had the waiter Bob, who did a great job despite as busy as he was. The whole staff was very professional and fun.Everything about this place is amazing!  Great service, amazing food and they even have an entire gluten free menu!  The octopus dish on the Gluten free menu is a must for everyone... seriously phenomenal.   Obviously its not the cheapest place, but you get what you pay for here!I dined at this hot spot recently and was pleasantly surprised.  The first courses are meant to be shared and did not disappoint.  The meatballs,brussel sprout salad, and ricotta toast did not disappoint! Entrees were nothing remarkable and my four fellow diners agreed.  I was impressed that they are packing in the enormous Ben Pao space and hope they can keep it up. I will say that service was good except the bus boys were so eager to clear plates when there was food still on them.  I would try it again but won't go out of my way!RPM is a restaurant that I had been looking forward to trying for a while now. The entire experience made me so happy. We waited maybe two minutes before we were seated. Our server was wonderful. He was very knowledgeable and charming. We were seated toward the back, but faced the bar so we had a great view of that entire portion of the restaurant. We were surprised to see so many choices on the menu and decided eventually on tapas rather than entrees. We had the meatballs, stuffed peppers, olives, 2 pasta dishes and a pizzette. Everything was outstanding with the meatballs being at the top of the list. They practically melted in your mouth. The only dish I would not repeat would be the stuffed peppers with provolone. The cheese had too much of a bite to it for me. Overall, an amazing night!!We were in town on business for a few days and went to RPM partly because of the hype and I love Bill and Guiliana, didn't really know what to expect however we could not have been happier!  The food was phenomenal and the service was outstanding.  We went back 3 nights in a row and sat in the bar and loved it more each time we went!  The prosciutto and burrata were fabulous and we had them all 3 nights...yes we are creatures of habit, but hey if it's not broke why fix it?  Don't even get me started on the bread...I may have dreams about it!  Hubby had Mama Depandi's pomodoro and it was great and we also tried a few pizzetes, all super yummy!  We don't come to Chicago often however if we do we will definitely go back to RPM!  Thanks for 3 wonderful meals!!Loved RPM we had the aged prosciutto which was excellent, the buratta which was also excellent, the squid ink pasta diavolo which was great, and the pappardelle which was good . We had a couple glasses of wine as well, wine list was a bit short but still ok. Food quality was excellent, but service was slow, and foh management gave off a snoody attitude which I did not care for . Nothing specific in regards to our group, but they did not greet or say ghood bye or ask how anything was. I understand you are a trendy restaurant doing excellent business but smile a bit, and put an extra server on the floor waiting 30 minutes for your first glass of wine might be an issue to a person who does not have all night .Wow!  What a cool place - another River North hotspot.  The only old school Italian here is on the menu.  This is everything the city of Chicago lacked only 5 years ago.  Fun music, modern comfortable atmosphere, good food... these guys have it figured out for the 30/40 something  crowd.  Went for drinks but ended up really feeling the vibe and stayed for dinner in the bar - first come first serve tables.  Will go back!I loved RPM!  As an avid Bill & Giuliana fan, I was so excited to find out their restaurant had finally opened!  I convinced my boss who was in town to take a group of us there after work one night.  We were seated at a round table, which is perfect so we could all talk to each other.  Our server was just delightful and was full of reccomendations that didn't disapoint.  We tried quite a few things on the menu but the standouts were - Giuliana's salad, Mama DePandis Pomodoro, and the Pappardelle.  It was such a fun place and good for a group that likes to share a lot.  Defniitely will be back!I came in with a group of 10 friends to celebrate my birthday last week. Zane was our server.  He was the epitome of excellence.  Most of my friends are foodies...and industry people...which usually can sometimes equal "high-maintenance".  In spite of the fact that he was training a newbie and was seemingly was given our table as a pick up table out of his section (I'm pretty sure)..he was amazing from start to finish.  I dine out A LOT!..sometimes too much...in all caliber of restaurants, I've had tons of service experiences both good and bad, but I must say Zane deserves many kudos for being so friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable of both food and excellent service standards at RPM.   I hope he does very well financially there..he definitely deserves it!Finally - a 'fancy-pants' restaurant I can enjoy. I recently went to RPM Italian with two close friends for a weeknight dinner outing. Our reservations were at 8pm and they sat us at 8:05pm (most of the similar restaurants in town can take up to an hour after your reservation time). Our server was Amy and she was beyond incredible. She not only had great recommendations, but we all felt like we were walking out of there having made a new best friend. The ambiance was great: comfortable seating, nice lighting and music that gave a good vibe but wasn't so loud that you felt you had to scream. Bill Rancic was walking around greeting people from table to table and you can tell that every employee was genuinely happy to be working at a great place. I will definitely be back to RPM soon (assuming the reservation list isn't too far in advance).amaze balls dishes:1. 600 day aged prosciutto2. polenta w/ sunny side up egg and truffle amaze blahs dishes:1. Meatballs 2. Brussel sprout salad Interesting crowd and good people watching.I love Giuliana & Bill. I love LEYE restaurants (moreso the old-school places than the new generation of Hubbard Street scenes). And I love Italian food. So I had high expectations for RPM, and am happy to say that it delivered. We had the meatballs, the gorgonzola gnocchi, two pasta dishes and the massive, delicious hazelnut tartufo. Despite the small-plate portions, we left there stuffed and satisfied. And the service was impeccable without a trace of attitude. I would definitely go back, especially with a group of girlfriends.RPM was good, a SOLID good.  The waitstaff was attentive.  Food was good.  We were warned about portions by the server and YELP so we didn't expect to be stuffed.  I had the Cacio e Pepe which again was good for an American Italian restaurant.  Cacio e Pepe in Italy will blow your mind!  I didn't know about all the hype and the advertising and such, nor did I have to wait for reservations.  I was just asked to tag along with someone who LOVES this place and follows Guiliana and Bill.Very trendy place and excellent food!  We tried almost half of the menus and all of the dishes were delicious.  The dessert were unbelievable delicious too!  There were five of us in the group and we were able to try everything that we ordered.  A litte pricey but it is great restaurant with great food.  I would highly recommend it to friends and family.Great service. Cool atmosphere. Pastas were tasty but needed a bigger portion.Quite a scene! Hollywood club meets restaurant. Very good food and fun for a date night. I'd definitely go back.Delicious food, attentive but not overbearing service, polite talented bartenders!we had a little wait for a table, but showed up without a reservation on a busy Thursday night.  the artichoke appetizer was tasty, the watermelon/mint/feta salad had the right blend of bite and refreshing, the red snapper (may have been a special)   was alone worth the wait and a large enough portion that we had it for lunch the next day.  The waiter and bartender suggested I forget which wine, but it was white, and matched the food exactly.  It got a little noisy as the evening progressed and the bar filled up, but I would happily return any time!I was so excited to have a special girls night out at this new hot spot in Chicago.The interior is just gorgeous, but not what you would expect for an "italian eatery".Everything is black and white. It looked very much like a swanky club.The food however was a HUGE disappointment. Very overpriced for the "small" plates style of dining. The Shredded Brussels Sprout Salad  was ample in size, but priced very high. Guliana's Italian Salad was similar to Olive Garden's.The Spaghetti and Meatball was full size. While the meatball tasted pretty good, the sauce and pasta tasted like it came from a can.....Nothing special at all!These are family recipes? Are you kidding ?.....The best item we ordered was the dessert. It was called Bill's Chocolate Budino. Probably the most delicious creationI have ever tasted! All in all, the service was good, but I won't return because I felt the prices were very high and the food was not outstanding.Guiliana I love you, but what the fuck. The food here is about at over-rated as it gets. It's quite a scene so I could see why people come here, but the food is so blah. Quite frankly I've had Lean Cuisines with more flavor than the carbonara here. Also, the tables are packed like a can of sardines. I kid you not I sneezed and the woman at the table next to me said "bless you." True story. I could see myself coming back here with a group, just for drinks though.This is a great place to have a meal with friends/boyfriend. The small plates are such a great concept. The truffle garlic bread and mama DePandi's pasta were great. The stuffed olives were good as well as Bill's budino for dessert. The wine list had a lot of selections and we had a great Barolo. I had a G-rizzle too, which was amazing. Great atmosphere, great food and great wait staff. We had Stephanie, who also works at the bar and she was amazing! Very knowledgable and she was fun to talk with throughout our meal. I would definitely recommend RPM Italian to anyone!Simply incredible!My friends and I planned a trip to Chicago for several reasons but the main reason was to visit RPM Italian.  Being the fans that we are of B&G and the show...it was a must for us...and we are SO glad that we did.We had reservations for 7:30...we arrived a little early and waited just a few minutes before we were seated.  We started off with a couple of appetizers...the mushroom pizzette (absolutely delish) and the prime beef meatballs in tomato sauce (also devine).  My friends and I decided to share our entrees.  We ordered the Maine Lobster Ravioli, Herb Risotto and the Strozzapreti.  All three were delicious!!  For dessert we had the Baked Cannoli...again wonderful.  The portions were a tad smaller than what us Houstonian's are used to (everything's Big in Texas)...but that's ok.  We left the restaurant feeling pleasant as opposed to miserably full.  The entire time while planning our trip to Chicago from Houston we'd hope to run into the Rancic's during our visit.  When the news broke that their baby had arrived the week before our visit...we surely thought it wouldn't happen (although we were extremely happy for B&G).  So we finished our dinner, paid and were just finishing up our wine before we headed out.  Then we were pleasantly surprised to see Bill and Giuliana.  Of course we were ecstatic!!!  We weren't too sure about stopping them as they were on their way out.  However, Giuliana made eye contact with us so they both stopped and said hello.  Asked how the food tasted and where we were from.  We shared our story on how the Chicago trip came about and they both laughed.  We teased Bill on how he was our +4 but never showed up.  We had a conversation with them for about 2 minutes.  Of course....for us...it was eternity and we were able to take a picture with the wonderful couple.  :-)  Ok so my review is more than just about the food.  We just want to say thank you to Bill and Giuliana for making our trip to Chicago an unforgettable one.  Fabulous food, wine AND meet the Rancic's!  Can't ask for more.Erica, Brenda and AlexandraMeh.  Not great. Average to below average. Definitely not worth the wait.Food was amazing!  Service was even better!  Have always been a regular with Lettuce restaurants and this one has held up to the hype.  Even got to sit next to Marian Hossa and Patrick Kane and the wife got a picture with Bill and Guiliana.  Will definitely be back if we can ever get back in.Beautiful Restaurant! We got seated 10 minutes before our reservation. Extremely nice server with a great team working with her! Loved the Lobster Caprese Salad, Spaghetti and Meatballs and the Chicken with peppers had a great bang to it!!!Unfortunately, we were too full to have dessert. Next time!!!Awesome service, rivaled by ambiance and food. Great wine, healthy menu. Love.The reviewer below really proves everything is relative as we felt the meatballs were the best we'd ever had by passing my former #1 the Kobe ones at Lavo in Vegas and we also loved the brussel sprout salad.We had and loved the following:  Lobster Caprese, Garlic Bread, Roased Mushrooms, Shredded Brussels Sprouts, Prime Beef Meatballs, Fritto Miso, Polenta/Poached Egg, Provolone Stuffed Peppers, Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro, Chicken and Peppers all were amazing.  You have to just go and try it out, some will love things, some won't.  It is what it is.The drinks were great, ask for the ones that aren't on the menu that are Giuliana and Bill's 'sigature drinks'.The best part was we got to meet Giuliana and Bill.  They couldn't have been nicer as we posed for pictures in the kitchen with them.  They then were bartending and the whole place was going crazyWe will be back, very soon.This is a great place for this area. Food, atmosphere, and price are all on par. Went on a Tuesday night, made a reservation beforehand-we were sat right when we arrived (5-10 min early) with a great table (the place was very full). The waitress was friendly and gave us a lot of good tips about the menu. Yes, it is sort of a tapas-style-Italian (which to me was a little too reminiscent of Quartino) but the food was so amazing that we didn't mind. I see a lot of people talking about portion size--and here's the thing: the portions are SMALL but they're HEAVY. So what might look like a teeny tiny bit of pasta is actually stuffed with duck or cheese and prosciutto--very rich. Between two of us, we ordered two appetizers: the truffled garlic bread (just as good as everyone said it would be) and the fried zucchini (there was a LOT of zucchini in this order, and though the zucchini itself was a little bland, the sauce served on the side was amazing). For dinner, we had the Duck Agnolotti, the Prosciutto Pansotti, and the Mascarpone Polenta. The Agnolotti and and Polenta were good, but the Pansotti was f*cking amazing. We were dying to try that hazelnut dessert, but neither of us could eat any more food. Two glasses of wine (substantial pours) apiece, bill was $100. Not bad for all that food and good GOOD Italian wine! Especially in this neighborhood. I'll definitely be bringing people back here.After a late night at Underground, we were very lucky to get a table for 10 at 1:00AM.  I love this place!  I cant wait to go back and try it at a more reasonable time.  Our Waiter was professional and could not have been more warm and welcoming to a large party of 10 at 1:00AM.  The food was super tasty.  However, full disclosure, at 1:00AM after a few drinks at underground, Im sure white castle would have been good.  Don't judge, you know you have been there! Looking forward to going back!Overall - WONDERFUL! Service topped it off. Anthony was tremendous in all arenas! Wine list was impeccable. Food choices were casual yet unique. I felt totally comfortable in this new chi-city "hot spot"! I will definitely bring clients and family here! I will also check out the bar scene - wonderful set up. Hot and trendy yet classic. GREAT!Truffle garlic bread.  Meatballs.  Pomadora.  Linguini with clam.  Ravioli. Caesar wedge salad. Great service and delicious food.I recently went to RPM Italian with my girlfriends and I loved it! My favorite was their truffled garlic bread! It was to die for! I would definitely recommend this place for a girls night out! Great Drinks, Atmosphere & Food!I was so excited to dine here, and like all the other reviews I thought this place was very good and over all I had a great experience.I don't usually dine out for Italian, but since this is owned by Bill and Giuliana I had to try it out. The decor is very modern and fresh! I was sat in the back of the resturant at a high bar table, and we noticed a very pretty room that you can reserve for a larger party, beautiful chandiler.We started off with the Truffle Oil Garlic Bread, which was a little on the cold side, but very tasty and the Mama DePandi's Pasta....This should have just been my main dish and not shared it because it was that good. I highly recommend this dish for an appetizer or main dish.The Eggplant Parm was good, but to me was not worth the $18. My husband had the filet and loved the charred flavor.We both finished and split the Bills Salted Carmel Dessert and it was delicious.If you are a fan of the show, you gotta go, just to say you have been there and tried it.Great experience and atmosphere. The service was excellent and the food was nicely portioned. Will def be going back on our next Chicago trip.Amazing food and outstanding service. Everything was explained to us perfectly and we felt so welcomed. We shared different dishes and everything was great. Will go back for sure.Absolutely loved RPM.  Although I couldnt get a reservation, my mom and I walked right in and sat down at the bar (early Sunday evening) with no wait. Not only was our food amazing, but our server was incredibly knowledgable and gave great recommendations. We ordered:- Homemade ricotta- Shredded Brussel Sprout salad- Pasta Carbonara - Tartufo - Figs and marscapone dessertThis was more than enough for two people and seems like it would be a great place to come with a few more people so that you can share a number of small plates. It was also very reasonable (considering the ambiance and quality of the food). I would order everything we had again and definitely hope to come back the next time I am in town!  My only regret is that I wish I could have eaten more!We were visiting Chicago ( our hometown) from LA and had to stop in! Just have to say I came for Mama DiPandis bucatini and it was awesome! We started with the the warm bread and ricotta spread...again awesome then we also shared the chicken and peppers...amazing. Our server was knowledgable and she was always checking back with us and very friendly. I also loved the miniature gelato cones at end of the meal. The restaurant is beautifully done. I would love to come if you have the Bears Brunch because I am a huge Bears fan and also a fan of your show! I am looking forward to my return visit to Chicago, hopefully soon, and stopping in to have dinner!Was here last week.  The host staff were dismissive, but the wait staff were top notch.  The food was really good (especially the lobster caprese and the charcuterie plate).  The deserts were pretty good if a little simple (I would recommend the limoncello sorbet again).  A little tight on the seating, but overall a really good experience.My husband and I were lucky to get a reservation just a few days before and we are SO glad we did!  The food, service and overall design of the restaurant are great.  Daniel was our waiter and he was hands down one of the best we've ever had...wonderful service and he is very personable.  We tried several of the pasta dishes and they were all amazing...our favorite was Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro - so simple.  The truffle garlic bread was delicious as were the provolone stuffed peppers and meatballs.  For dessert you have to get the tartufo...it's the perfect size to share and it's a great way to end your experience!Positives: Modern, sleek designSmaller portion sizes (good for me at least since I don't want jumbo sized portions)Tasty food Reasonably priced food dishes Negatives:Tables way too close together - hard to get in and out ofSnotty wait staff and front desk - the attitude of the waiter really was annoying. Sorry buddy, your no better than meFood is nothing unique Way over priced wine listI went opening night, and it was so-so. Then I went back a few nights ago and WOW! Major improvement with the food. The Octopus app is OUTSTANDING! And if the waiter suggests it, get it. They know what they are talking about at RPM, which is refreshing! The garlic bread and meatballs are so yummy and the Short Rib pasta is to die for! I will totally be going back asap! :) MMMmmm...Went tonight with friends for a birthday, ordered drinks, sat for 30 minutes before they arrived. Had to ask for bread. Portions very small for the price, very noisy, I guess I am just not into trendy places catering to the trendy crowd. At 10ish the lights got dim, asked the waiter why and was told the DJ just arrived, at that point it was time for the check, I won't be back.Absolutely loved this new Chicago gem! Not only is the atmosphere great, but so was the food, drinks, service and price!Clearly, I'm bucking the trend giving this place only two stars, but I just wasn't impressed. I thought the portions were WAY overpriced for how small they were, the food was underwhelming, the waiter was pretentious, and the background music was not only not background-y enough, but mismatched for the ambiance RPM seemingly wants to create. Granted, the restaurant itself is gorgeous, but that's just not enough. Pass.Great food! Spaghetti and meatballs were excellent and the cheese plate was amazing. Would definitely come back when we are in Chicago.I went around 9:30ish during restaurant week and despite a large crowd, the service was fairly decent. I thought the meatballs were outstanding and would highly recommend them. The main course (chicken) was not nearly as good and a little dry. The desert (Nutella stuffed doughnut balls), though, was redeeming. Overall, it was a good experience, and I would return to eat again.My husband and i were on a recent trip to Chicago and being obsessed with Bill and Guiliana (love you, G!) this was a must on the list. We weren't able to make it for a full dinner but we popped in after eating at La Madia just around the corner. First of all, the place was huge! Wasn't expecting that. Super packed at around 10.30p on a Thurs night. We were able to score a seat at the bar and had a round of drinky drinks. I had the lower door - so good! I liked the place so much that I convinced my husband we HAD to go back one last time on our last night in the city. So back we went late on a Sat night and it was uber packed again. Luckily they serve food til late so we were able to try a couple of apps this time around. I believe we had a lobster ravioli and can't really remember the other app we had but both were really delish. Granted this is after 3 days of non stop drinking so I probably would have thought my hand tasted amazing if you put some dijon mustard on there. (I kid, I kid.) Definitely stop in and show some love to the Rancics. Kudos, B&G, kudos!one of the best restaurants in the city. The server, Sara  was  very accommodating, made great suggestions from the menu and coursed the selections for us   The food, atmosphere and service was excellent.I have been to RPM three times now while visiting Chicago, and it is one of my favorite places.  Great bar scene, friendly staff and excellent food.  Potato gnocchi with sunday gravy was amazing.Went with a group of 6 to check out the restaurant. -Beautiful restaurant inside, good for groups and dates-Good service-Very small portions!-Mixed reviews on the food: -gnocchi app was incredible, as was the lobster caprese salad, duck pasta, and  hazelnut dessert -risotto was awful-overcooked and overpowered by cheese -we tried a majority of the menu and everything else was mediocre at best-Overall, good place to go for a night out with a nice ambiance. We weren't dying to go back for the food.This new restaurant replaced Ben Pao (which was one of my favorite Asian spots in the city, so it has some big shoes to fill). The atmosphere in there is very cool. Great place to meet up with friends to chat, etc. The food was ok. I don't think it is exceptional. They use a "tapas" concept for Italian food. If I were going for some Italian, I feel like Chicago has far superior places.I had dinner at RPM last evening with a friend. The decor was absolutely stunning....I loved the winter white and black throughout the restaurant and even carried through on the servers' outfits. I was a little disappointed that bread for the table was not offered, initially. We had to request it. I feel a good Italian restaurant should pride itself on its bread and offer it automatically. The food, however, was outstanding. The beef meatballs were amazing. The pasta dish with eggplant was most delicious and very flavorful. But, the piece de resistance was our dessert. We had the chocolate tartuffo ball. The service was excellent and extremely pleasant. I cannot wait to return.I recently visited RPM Italian for the second time last night, and this experience may have been even better than the first.  My first time at RPM was the night of it's "soft" opening a few weeks ago, and it was amazing.  Bill Rancic happened to be sitting at the table next to us, and made sure to visit our table before he exited for the evening.  He is an incredibly nice guy, I only wish Giuliana had been there too! :) Our waitress (unfortunately I do not remember her name!) was so incredibly nice and helpful in helping us navigate through the italian menu.  My first time I sampled the Lobster Caprese, as well as Mama Depandi's Bucatini Pomodoro.  DELISH.  My second time being last night, I decided to try some new dishes and ordered the Cremini Mushroom and Fontina Pizzette, as well as the RPM Caeser Wedge (which came with AMAZING, fresh baked, warm croutons) and the Limoncello Sorbetto for dessert.  Everything at RPM Italian has been exceptional, from the wait staff, dressed to the nines in white blazers, to the authentic Italian dishes, to the warm, modern decor.  Perfect place for any occassion, from a girls' night to a hot date.What an amazing place?! We made a reservation for 10 people to celebrate my husbands birthday and were immediately seated on a busy Saturday night at the back, quiet and large area, which felt so right and special. I cant even describe the meels to you, as we kept ordering from extensive menu and shared as much as we could, but food was disapearing because everyone loved everything that was beeing served. Its hard to please 10 people with different taste buds and needs, but not at RPM. I got to tell you, everything you will try will be amazing.My friend had mentioned RPM to me just a few weeks after it first opened its doors.  She had been to the restaurant the previous week and did not mind going back.  Now I see why.  It was conveniently located near my apartment building, so I thought why not...Wow.  Where do I begin.  I rarely ever write Yelp reviews, so that may very well explain itself.  If it doesn't, read on...The food was spectacular.  The ambiance was even more amazing.  Chic, trendy - this is obviously the place to both eat and be seen.  Gentlemen, take notes - any woman would appreciate a date night here.  However, good luck getting a reservation on the weekends, at least for now - apparently they are booked until the end of April.  Owned by Giuliana and Bill Rancic, I'm sure it'll soon become the new "it" spot among restaurants (if it hasn't already).Now for the good stuff: we ordered the homemade ricotta, pepperoni pizzette, gnocchi (my favorite), filet, and parmesan potatoes.  And we topped it off with not one, but two, desserts - the hazelnut chocolate gelato (it doesn't get better than this) and the cannoli.  What didn't we get!  To my defense, we went here on my "cheat day" during Lent, which I thought couldn't have been any more perfect.Let's just say this may currently be my favorite restaurant in all of Chicago (and LA).  I can't wait to go back!I went here on a Monday night with 2 of my friends.  We had an 8:00 reservation simply bc we couldn't get one any earlier.  We got seated at around 8:20 - I couldn't believe how packed it was in there.Nice, trendy atmosphere - lots of large groups of people.The 3 of us split 3 items: fried zucchini - yum, seemed somewhat healthy yet delicious... gnocci - never had gnocchi so I was pleasantly surprised... mama DePandi's buccatini - amazing for a spaghetti/marinara type dish.  Splitting these 3 items was plenty of food for the 3 of us (we didn't need to stuff ourselves sick).  The best part was that the bill came to less than $30!  Very shocking for a sit down restaurant in River North.  We obviously didn't get drinks.You definitely need a reservation, and it's small plates to share.  Don't come here looking for a bargain - but if you watch your portions and order a variety, you can leave full, happy, and with an inexpensive tab!  I'd recommend it esp for larger groups of girls.My fiance and I went to RPM on a Sunday right when they opened at 4pm. No one was in there right when we got there so we expected good service and that is exactly what we got! Our server was very attentive as we kept ordering throughout our meal. The restaurant is small plates but there are full entree options. We ordered the provolone stuffed peppers and arancini from the small bites. That's exactly what they were-- little bites that you could just pop in your mouth. We ordered the prime rib meatballs which were heavenly and the little pizzette which was a tiny little pizza. After that, we ordered the spaghetti and meatballs which was on the the entree list and it was very small for an entree. It was a little pricey for small plates but the food was very good. We ordered 6 things off the menu and a bottle of wine and our bill came to $95. The decor inside was spectacular!! We felt so comfortable and we will be back!Highly recommend RPM. It's an all around great restaurant and hang! Food is terrific, definitely try the meatballs & farfalle. Service is thoughtful, friendly and experience enhancing. They've done a great job considering it's a pretty new spot!Food was excellent. Prices were a lot more reasonable than expected. Good crowdWine selection is good, but portions for food are very small. Not what you expect from an Italian restaurant. Nice decor, lobster ravioli was very good. A fun atmosphere for a girls night out.When there last night with the NYC Michael Kors crew and we had the best seat in the house and service. It was divine! The Prime meatballs, Prosciutto, shredded brussel sprouts, veal chop, pork chock and filet were amazing. Topped of with the most amazing desert ever, the Tartufo which is a hazelnut gelato with a chocolate shell was pure heaven. Decor was beautiful. Love this place will definitely be back.I went here while on a business trip to Chicago.  Probably like most "tourists"...watch the show, let's give it a try.  Liked the decor, concept, service (strange that all the waiters looked like brothers).....but I also like GREAT food.  I think they need to remember the basics, that the number one reason for opening a restaurant is the FOOD.  After reading many reviews, it seems hit or miss depending on what your order.  Out of the 5 items we ordered, only 1 really hit home with me and that was the Chicken liver pâté.  Like I told my boss who so wants to come here, everything was just OK and I could even make at home.The zucchini appetizer tasted like eating paper.  I say this as there was no seasoning, not even a pinch of salt, on the thin zucchini a slices or the batter.  I think just adding some salt would have changed this whole dish.Garlic bread, good....but nothing Special.I personally liked Mama's dish...I Love sweet sauce...many the others in my party did not.  Pea risotto...I love peas, much just a little too much "pea".I guess when I go to restaurants like this I expect to get things that I cannot make at home and that is why I would go back.  I don't mind paying for smaller servings sizes if the food was spectacular....but it wasn't.  I would go back to try other items, but would not make it a priority.  Again, it may depend on what you order.Great atmosphere! Great food! Great service (Bobby was our waiter)! We will be going back very soon. I recommend the fried olives, stuffed peppers, gnocchi, sorbet, and canollis.Had spaghetti and meat ball.  Legitimately the best meal of my life.Great light fixtures, nice decor.  Sat at a bar table, rather than dealing with the long wait for the dining room.  Food was "OK".  Smallest pizzette I'd ever seen, couldn't have been larger 4" in diameter cut into six triangles.  Pasta portions very small as well , maybe 4-5ounces per serving.  Maine Lobster Ravioli had nice flavor, Short Rib Papparadelle , not so much.  Great for people watching, small,( like very small) potions.  If you come really hungry,  be prepared to spend some $$$$ .My review is not at all about the food, beverages or atmosphere of RPM, but of the difficulty in trying to dine here for a 21st birthday celebration.  I thought making a reservation two weeks ahead for a Monday night was ample time, but I found out it is not.  To make matters worse, any party over 8 is referred to special events and given a requirement to spend a minium of $1,500 (not including tax and gratuity).  Our party consists of 9 and we were told the tables in the dining room only accomodate 8.  I then asked for two tables for 5 and 4 people and was told "we don't split parties".  Our party was willing to split up, however, the restaurant will not do that.  How do you justify spending approximately $166 per person because they force you to rent a small room???  In looking at the items on the regular menu, I don't see how any of us could eat or drink $166 worth of food per person.  I have heard that the food at RPM is good, not great, and definitely not worth $166 per person for pasta!It would be nice if they could rethink this policy and not force small parties to pay for rental of a private room when all that is required is 1 more chair at a large table.  This was my daughter's first choice for her birthday celebration and, unfortunately, we will not be able to honor her request. For such a popular restaurant, I think this policy to force parties over 8 to pay for a private room is absolutely crazy!!Service was great and our waitress pleasant and on time with our orders. Food was excellent one of the best Italian restaurants we have eaten in.Would definitely visit for a second time.The first time I went to RPM Italian was for the Chicago Food Network Lounge Event. I thought the atmosphere was incredibly cool and chic, and decided to go back for my graduation dinner this past June.My graduation meal at RPM was hands down one of the best meals of my entire life. And impeccable service, to boot. It was the absolute perfect way to celebrate my graduation from college. They also have an extensive gluten-free menu, including pasta, which was a huge selling point for me since I can't eat gluten. Here's the rundown of what we had:First course: -Shaved Brussels sprout salad with avocado: I love Brussels sprouts and I love avocado. This was such a tasty and refreshing salad.-Prosciutto wrapped figs: Absolutely incredible.Second Course:-Carbonara w/ gluten-free fettucine: Oh my gosh. I've had many a carbonara in my day but WOW this was incredible. So flavorful. They top it with an egg yolk which adds an amazing creaminess to the whole dish.Third course: -Whole branzino: This was probably my favorite thing we ate. Whole branzino, with lemon and capers. It was UNbelievable. I had branzino recently at another restaurant and I could barely eat it because it just simply did not compare. The flavors they accomplished in this were crazy.Fourth course:-Bill's Chocolate Budino: I love budino, but this one was sooo tasty. Chocolate with salted caramel...mm. And we got some vanilla gelato. Eating the two together was just the best dessert bite.If you are in Chicago, you HAVE to go to RPM. Everyone should have a meal this good at least once in their life.RPM Italian delivers solid Italian food. One highlight (that no one else seems to like!) are the Roman-style artichokes -- if you like artichokes, this is great! Lightly fried, salted, lemoned - yum. The pastas are good but nothing that would compel me to return -- last night had the short rib pappardelle which was tasty. Drinks are solid. Atmostphere is a little clubby, a little sceney-- but if you have dinner reservations and get a table, the service is great and it's not so crowded! (The bar is a war zone) Rice pudding gelato was HUGE and good to share. Overall, pretty good -- the only thing I crave, though, are those artichokes!!!Of course there's no way to get a reservation here, but we went in to sit at the bar and we couldn't have been more warmly welcomed.  Toast with homemade ricotta, kale salad, carbonara, rice pudding gelato.  Food incredible, service wonderful.  Maybe the prices are a bit high for Chicago, but coming from SF, they seemed entirely reasonable for what we got.This is definitely a hot spot in Chicago and with the names attached, it is a frequent tourist and local destination alike. I would definitely recommend it for the food... fried olives, brussel sprouts salad, roman artichoke, pomodoro and prosciutto tortellono were all delicious! It's great for a date night or girl's night out. I would say that I was surprised there were so many children in the restaurant. It definitely didn't seem like the kind of place I would want to take kids. Additionally, our waitress was pleasant but not very attentive at all. It took a while for her to come back to check in and ask if we wanted more to drink. I would recommend it to people traveling in the area, but just be wary that with a lot of hype - you sometimes get a less than hype-ful experience.4-5 stars for atmosphere.Very nice dining room and decor.3 for food. Awesome garlic bread & pizzaettes. Pastas are so so. Not a big deal.4 for service. The server at the bar area in which we sat was very nice and friendly.If you're trying to get in during prime time on the weekends and you're calling everyone's mom, cousins, friend of a friend to try to get you in...don't worry it's not all that. It was good, but it can wait.RPM Is delicious and has great service too! Definitely top 5 of my favorite restaurants in the city as of now. I came here with 3 other girls and we ordered family-style.  For appetizers: Brussels Sprout Salad and truffle garlic bread.  Both were fantastic! The Brussels Sprout was light and refreshing and the truffle garlic bread was amazing! Definitely try the bread! We shared 3 pastas: Spicy King Crab, Short Rib Pappardelle, and Sweet Pea Risotto.  All were really great - my favorite is the Short RIb Pappardelle - its a great bolognese sauce with some cheese and herbs. Dessert was the coffee soaked Tiramisu Special! Really great! Overall a great experience, I would definitely return. One tip though - if they ask you if you would like to taste a wine before ordering it, its charged $1.00 per.  Our waitress asked us if we would like to taste the wine but we were not informed that it would be charged. Its not a big charge but it would've been nice to have a heads up - so here's your heads up!The place to see people and be seen. Great atmosphere. Dressy. Excellent food and drink menu.I have no idea what all the hype is about? Made a reservation on a Friday for 9. I was excited all day about trying this place and it was pretty disappointing. Yeah it's a Friday night, but I'd still like to be able to talk to the person I'm dining with. They sat us at one of those tiny tables, you know the ones where when the waiter serves the people next to you his butt grazes your shoulder? We were basically sitting at a table with strangers because we were so close to the people beside us.  Anyway we ordered the truffle garlic bread, the short rib pasta, and the brussel sprouts. All of the food was out within 10 minutes so obviously the food is just sitting there waiting to be served. The pasta dishes are microscopic, but cost as much as normal sized entrees. The truffle garlic bread is just a fancy version of frozen garlic bread that can be found at any local grocery store. The short rib pasta was decent, nothing exceptional about it. Same goes for the brussel sprouts. All of the food was mediocre. The decor is nice, but the ambiance was a bit too pretentious and noisy for me.I recently went on a Sun. evening and found the food pretty mediocre.  The menu looked fabulous but definitely had better in little Italy and other Italian restaurants. Quite disappointing considering waiting 2 mos. to get a reservation.  The ambiance was decent but more of a traditional restaurant vibe than a trendy lounge/restaurant as I was expecting.  Guilana and Bill - you let me down :(Pros:  Had a great waiter who was friendly and knowledgable. Cons:  Mediocre food, overpriced for small portions.Kale salad - probably the best thing we ordered.  Large portion and very tasty.Short Rib pappardelle - Small portion and just ok.Truffle tortellini - Once again, small portion about 4 tortellinis and nothing special.Cannoli dessert - 3 small cannoli's that were delicious.Strawberry carpachio - Large portion and very delicious.The food was definitely worth the kind of ridiculous wait for a reservation here. The atmosphere is chic, and the food and drink are top notch. We ordered the truffle oil garlic bread, eggplant parm, short rib pappardelle, grilled asparagus, and the tartufo for dessert. We also ordered bellinis. Every single thing was delicious. Top of the line tasty. Portions are perfect and I would absolutely order any of those items again but I can't wait to go back and try different dishes. RPM is perfect for a date or special occasion, or a "just because you deserve delicious food" meal. p.s. order the tartufo for dessert. just do it.Great food and great service!Meh, just ok food.  Kind of a disappointment for a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant.  LEY used celebrity names for this hipster hang out....nothing more.  Meet your gf's there for drinks only and certainly do skip the polenta which looked like cream of wheat.I made reservations to this restaurant 2 months ahead of time and the only thing available was 530. Since I'm a huge giuliana and bill fan I decided to suck it up and go to the early dinner. When we arrived our table was ready right away. The waiter was fine, knew answers to every question and was helpful. Drinks were good, appetizer ( fried seafood) was amazing!! It had fried lobster claw, shrimp, calamari and fried lemon. Looking around at the other tables we realized the portions are a bit small so we decided to order 3 pasta dishes. We got the prosciutto tortoloni, bucatini, and the pork and beef Ragu cavatelli. All 3 were really delicious and I have nothing bad to say about the food. We got the chocolate tiramisu for desert with cappuccinos that was also delicious! Couple reasons I didn't give it 5 stars. We were there for atleast a. Couple hours and there was probably 10 tables minimum empty at all times. Why could we only get 530 reservations? I called to get in later and they had nothing until 1030. And it's kind of crazy to have to pay for bread, I know this is an upscale italian restaurant but come on, $7 for bread?? So weird to me! Besides that everything was great and the restaurant is gorgeous! Would definently come back.I was incredibly disappointed by my dining experience at RPM this past Sunday. My girlfriend and I had been looking forward to eating there and we were so excited when we managed to get a reservation three weeks ago. Our reservation was at 9 but we decided to come in earlier and eat at the bar instead. While the food was good (we ordered the lobster caprese, the kale and spinach salad, Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro with meatballs, and two glasses of wine each)...the service completely detracted from our experience and left a bad taste in our mouth. We were nothing but nice and polite to our bartender, but she could not have been more cold or inattentive. Her many missteps included dropping silverware, knocking over my full glass of wine and breaking the glass (all without an apology or "are you ok?" or an offer to take it off my tab or at least a heavier re-pour :) ), telling us she'd bring us the dessert menu only to forget about it for 20 minutes, then never following up on whether we wanted any dessert after we finally had a chance to look at the menu, etc...After waiting for another half hour, my friend and I finally flagged down another bartender to get our check. So disappointing and unacceptable! How in the world are you guys vetting your servers and bartenders?This is a great restaurant that I went with while visiting Chicago with my young adult daughters!  The atmosphere and seating is outstanding with spacious booths and fun music!  It is full of young people, though I also saw a family with young daughters celebrating a birthday!  The waiters are outstanding, though the woman who at the very front checking people in left room to be desired!  We were there on January 19th around 4:30 pm.  They won't seat you until all are there, so my daughters felt they had to order an appetizer while they waited.  I would have given this restaurant a five stars, but this woman brought it down!  I won't base my reviews on one person though!  So I looked past this, and the restaurant was great!  It does serve small portions, which was great for us but the waiters do push for you to order a couple appetizers, a salad, entree and of course a dessert, which quickly brings the tab up.  It was fine as we were there to eat and be merry!  The atmosphere was fun, the food was good (not great) and most of the staff was awesome!  It is apparently partly owned by the Guiliana and Bill, so that was the draw for my daughters.  It was nice and cheerful,  but had some easy ways to improve!  I think it will get better, and maybe I'll  try it again next time!  BTW we got a reservation the night before, but usually you need a little more time.  I think I would have given it a five star, but the attitude ahead of our reservation brought the whole experience down because it put me in a bad mood even though it was a great place.  I think they might take things for granted when they actually have a lot of competiton in the area!  It would not be my first place to go when I am in Chicago.I don't understand the hype related to this place at all. Despite a 6 pm reservation, we waited 30 minutes for a table. Than we got offered a table with bar stools. As a chronic back pain sufferer, no way I could sit there and enjoy a meal. The hostess reacted kind of arrogant when I said that I can not sit on this chair, and we had to wait another 20 minutes for a "real" table. I was very close to leaving this place at this point . One we were seated, the server was actually very friendly, and the food was good, but the entire waiting time and and the obnoxious hostess destroyed my dining experience. They gave me the feeling that they do not need by business. Agree, you will not get my business again, I will not come back.Aaaaaaaamazing!!Excellent menu, beautiful ambience, and decently affordable!!This was an excellent meal in a trendy and tastefully decorated location. We will definitely be coming  back!We started with the Juliana's Italian Salad which was full of tasty meat and cheese.  For appetizers we had the lobster ravioli and the Tagliatelle with beef and truffle oil both of which were quite good.We had the Salmon which was good but not anything special. The Eggplant Parmesan was outstanding and the biggest hit of the night. We also had the Meatball and Spaghetti which was very good.We finished with the Hazelnut Tartuffo which was just okay and way too much food after everything else we ordered.Great experience love the new restaurant much better addition to the neighborhood and the food was actually pretty darn good.  The atmosphere was very chic and I think it definitely met my expectations.I really, really enjoyed it here.  The food was very good, probably my new favorite of all of the melman joints.  The service was great, and the ambiance was perfect.  We were there as a group of 5 and the booths are laid out perfectly for a night out with friends.  I also loved that the music was upbeat but not so loud that you couldnt hear what one another was saying.  I am going back in a couple weeks- which I rarely do.  A+ to all involved.I was pleasantly surprised with RPM. My wife suggested it and I was expecting some big scene type place. This was not the case. The staff was very friendly and on point. The food was phenomenal. I'll put their pasta dishes up against any good Italian joint in the city.went with a few girls for dinner last week. had a great server who made some fantastic recommendations, the entire menu jst looked so good we couldnt decide ourselves.the gluten free menu was extensive and we were told that the homemade gluten free pasta would be fine for the non celiac people at the table. the pasta was amazing and everyone at the table enjoyed it. I am trying to find an excuse to go back to RPM very soon. craving that brussel sprout salad, overall yum!wow, thought it would be an awesome place, but not so.waiter--not great at allfood, oily and super small portionstoo pricey for what you getwill be trendy for a while then i bet you see it go and a new place comeAfter hearing such strong buzz about this place, I made a reservation with some friends two weeks in advance. The food was relatively decent, but I cannot say the same about the service. Our waitress seemed very pushy with the menu. I ordered an item which the menu DID NOT state contained meat. Much to my dismay, I noticed that the item contained meat after eating a bite. I asked my waitress if it did and she responds, " Oh certainly it does!" I'm no expert in social cues, but if I'm asking it's probably bad. I told her about my dietary restrictions and she brought out another entree 20 minutes later. Aside from this, one of my friends ordered a diet coke and that took 25 minutes to bring out. The server was barely attentive and delayed bringing us our bill. I will say that the decor and arrangement of the interior is beautiful. I love the white chairs and dim lighting. I haven't decided if I will return, but if I do I really hope that the service improves.This place was unbelievable. The food was amazing and the service was great. Our server explained the menu to our group since it was the first time any of us had been there. They were thorough and knowledgeable. The atmosphere was beautiful and clean and best of all the meal was very affordable for the neighborhood. I will definitely be going back. However, I do suggest making a reservation in advance. I made mine 10 days prior for my birthday and the earliest I could get in was 8:30pm. But definitely worth it.I am a big fan of B&G's show and have wanted to try out RPM since it opened.  After our 20 week ultrasound for our second child, my husband and I decided to go out and have a date night.  We had reservations at 6:30 on a Tuesday and the place was packed.  It was a very cool place- agree with others that the decor was very chic.  Our waiter was very knowledgable and gave great recommendations.  We went with - Appetizers - Frito Misto- Fried Calamari but better.  Got this as a recommendation from our waiter.  This was the lightest, most flavorful fried calamari I've ever had.  And I loved how there was pieces of fried asparagus and fried lemon (seriously, sounds weird, but SOOO good!)Prime Beef Meatballs - I am not a huge meat person but THESE. WERE. DELISH!!  So moist and melted in my mouth.  And so much flavor, may have been one of my favs!!Salad- Shaved Brussel Sprout Salad- This was really good, best part was the dressing (lemony vinagrette).  Not my favorite dish of the night, but glad we got.Dinner- Mama De Pandi's Bucatini Pomodoro- I felt bc I am such a fan of the show, I had to get this.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not awesome.  I would probably not get this again.  The pasta was very fresh and the sauce was good- just didn't blow me away.Spicy King Crab squid ink spaghetti- This was awesome.  Another recommendation from our waiter.  This wasn't even on my radar to order... but so glad that we did.  The spaghetti was black (from the squid ink) and so deliciously fresh.  The crab and sauce were so flavorful and just spicy enough to give it a kick, but nothing too overpowering.  I would recommend this dish to anyone- SO GOOD!Oh and this was PLENTY of food for two people.  I was honestly getting full after the salad.  I really wanted to get some dessert but just didn't have any more room!The best part of the night was when the hubs and I were waiting for the valet to get our car- he goes "There's Bill."  I was all yeah, right, bc I was looking for B&G all throughout dinner...but there he was, just hanging outside.  I got his pic and he was SO nice!!My boyfriend and I attended on a Thursday night. We're both foodies and were hoping for a good meal. Unfortunately, since I made the reservation in a rush and didn't do my usual research and upon arrival was very surprised that all other patrons were fairly dressed up. (Noted for next time.)My initial observations were a little strange. The music was surprisingly loud, it was shockingly packed (summer rush?). There were some remaining food crumbs on the seat from the last visitors when I went sit down. Kind of strange for the quality of the restaurant. However, shorty after sitting down much of those concerned dissolved quickly. Zack (Manager?) stopped by to say hello right after we seated and we immediately launched into fun conversation about the menu. After a moment alone with the menu he returned and said that he would order on behalf of us to make sure we had the best experience and indeed we did. We ended up having the kale salad, octopus, squid ink pasta with crab, the porterhouse steak, potatoes, asparagus, and prawn which was far too much food for us but it was exciting and fun. Our waiter, Tuari, confirmed that we really did eat the best of the menu and we were thrilled to take out leftovers home! If you are looking for one dish you CANNOT leave RPM without trying it is most obviously the octopus. It is inspired, delicious, surprising and without a doubt the most enjoyable dish we had. Tuari also went out of his way to find a bartender that made my boyfriends favorite drink and they did an excellent job of impressing his very particular tastes. I fancied the "Long-Faced Dove" off the cocktail menu. Looking forward to returning soon!Went here because the girlfriend was all excited about Guliana Rancic (? Spelling... I don't know her). Food was above average, service was very good. Nice ambiance... Plan way in advance though because this place gets busy... With one week notice managed to snag a 10:00 pm reservation on a saturday night... It was either that or 4:30! Good restaurant... Maybe a bit overhyped.I hope nobody is coming here for "Italian" food  .  If that is the case please visit Little Italy or many other choices in Chicago.   BUT If you are looking for style over substance that this is the place.  Very trendy and cool and the food presentation is impressive.  Service is really done well and some of the sides are much better than the entrees.amazing ambience. creative menus. good drinks. excellent service. good food. fair desserts. a bit pricey but the $ matches the foodBest server we have had at any restaurant in a long time! Food was great too- my filet was cooked to perfection. Meatballs and truffle garlic bread are also worth trying. Vast wine and beer selection. We will be back.Wedding anniversary night out. Tuesday night at 7 and dinning room was packed with no availability til 9. Good thing we only stopped by for dessert since there was no wait for seating in the bar area. Atmosphere was great and seating was comfortable. Service was quick, attentive and friendly. Dessert was delicious. We had the chocolate and hazelnut encrusted ball of ice cream. Also had the warm nutella stuffed donut balls with marscapone whip cream.  Washed it down with cup of perfect black coffee. Perfect way to end a night.With already 360+ reviews, I won't restate all the comments... It's the best Italian food I've ever had. An appetizer per person (to share) and a meal per person will be more than enough food for everyone. Get as many different things as possible, they are all amazing.Great restaurant! Perfect location for getting dinner before drinks on Hubbard. Be sure to make reservations a few days in advance because they're busy. All of the food was terrific! Very tasty! I got to sample from a few different plates and was pleased with everything. My server was terrific! Very friendly and attentive. Also it's a nice icrowd :)Food was mediocre at best. We had prosciutto, octopus, kale salad (bland), asparagus (I hate the giant spears. Everyone knows smaller are more tender.), short rib pasta (hardly any meat), filet (which was actually very good, albeit salty), and the hazelnut tartuffo. Food was very salty and not memorable. We had no alcohol and paid $67 per person for 3 people. Way too expensive for such blah food. Would never go back. I think it's just a see and be seen type of place. Service was excellent though.Make a reservation ahead of time...it fills up quickly. With a reservation, we were seated at a high top in the bar area...not a great table. I would recommend requesting a booth when you make your reservation. The food was delicious! I had the shredded brussels sprouts salad (very big) and the morel mushroom and pea pasta...delicious! I had a bellini to drink and my husband and I shared the chocolate tiramisu (just ok). Our server was nice, but not friendly. All in all, I would return for the food.So I must admit, we were visiting from San Francisco and I wanted to try this place because of my love of Giuliani and Bill.  However, we were extremely impressed - this place is awesome!!  The decor is great and it has a fabulous vibe.  We had a reservation (made a month in advance) and when we arrived we were immediately seated.  Our waitress was super nice and knowledgeable.  The food was AMAZING!!  Very tasty.  We ordered a lot and it was all delicious.  Next time we're in Chicago we will definitely come again. YUM!4 of us went on Sunday night at 5 PM.  Place was not crowded then. (got filled by 6:30).  Based on reviews I had read I was prepared for smaller dishes.  Our waiter Bob informed us that things were meant to be shared.  So we treated it as a tapas type restaurant.  Started with Lobster Caprese, Truffled Garlic Bread and the Cheese plate.  All were very good.  Garlic bread was outstanding and there was a lot of it.  Lobster Caprese had great flavor, but only 3 chunks of lobster.  Next we did Gnocchi Al Forno and the Prime Meetballs.  The gnocchi came out as 3 large pieces, was rather plain.  The Meetballs were amazing, but again only 3 of them.  The food all came out LIGHTNING fast  (less than 5 minutes after we ordered).  We then ordered our "main courses"  Maine Lobster Ravioli, Short Rib Pappardelle and the special Truffle Risotto.   This took a while (not too long) to come out.  But it was a good break from the fast paced starters we had.  The Ravioli was okay, was not hot enough and was done with a spinach pasta and the spinach taste was a little overpowering. There were only 5 ravioli of average size.  The Short Rib was very flavorful, but again, just warm, not HOT. It was in what I would consider a side dish sized bowl. The special Truffle risotto was very hot, but a tad bland.  I like my risotto very sticky, this was a little too creamy for me.  But there was a LOT of it, it came in a full dinner sized bowl.  The desert we had was a special, Banana Nutella Gellato.  It was very creamy and had great flavor.   Our waiter was very attentive.  He did all the drinks and poured our water as it got low.  There were others who brought out the food, but he did a great job explaining and answering all our questions.  We all had a glass of wine before dinner.  Bill for the 4 of us with tax was $215.  So it was not cheap, but not TOO expensive either.  I think it is a nice place to have a special dinner, but not the type of place I would go back just because.    Place was very modern, but classy as well.My wife likes this place because of the owners (LOL).  The first time we came was when they first opened.  Our waitress was outstanding, and we got some sort of truffled dish that unfortunately is no longer on the menu (they need to bring it back!)  The italian salad was good; the other dishes we got were just OK.  The portions are average size, which is good if you are sick of going places with oversized portions.  My martinis were excellent.  I also appreciated that almost all of the dishes could be served gluten free, and tasted just as good.  It was definitely pricey, but a great atmosphere for dates, etc.Went to RPM during a visit to Chicago. It was a bit loud but it was very busy. The waiter was very dismissive and seamed to be half walking away while taking our order. The food was very good and flavourful. In the end it took 25 mins for a glass of wine so they have it to us for free so two points for that. Had the waiter not been more gracious I would have given five starts. Very nice vibes there. A lot of fun, go once.I was worried that this place was over hyped but the food was even better than I expected. Kind waitress and reasonable prices. The ambiance was really nice too. A fun place to dress up and go out to dinner. Reservations way in advance are a must but it is well worth the wait.My boyfriend and I were vacationing in Chicago and a friend recommended the restaurant. We were in love as soon as we stepped in! The service was awesome, especially for how busy they were and the food was delicious. We had the ferrero rocher ice cream dessert, which was amazing! The restaurant is all white and the bar area was nice. The atmosphere is loud since the music is on high volume but we had a great time!After seeing my review, one of the managers at RPM contacted me to follow up on the poor service that I received, as he wanted to rectify it. Pleasant surprise, and much appreciated!Went there for the first time last night.  Kristine our server was wonderful.  She was very helpful.  Kristine was right there when we needed her.  thank you for making our first experience at RPM great!  We will be back...   Sad that Bill and Giuliana weren't there but I did have Bills dessert...  that was so good!!!  We had the roasted chicken and sausage and pepper dinner..kale and spinach salad... simply wonderful...  Atmosphere was really nice.. great chairs... very comfortable...  didn't feel uncomfortable at all being in our 50's and 60's....  after reading some of these reviews i thought i might... but  we didn't... not at all.  The girls at the front  desk were very friendly... got a good vibe right away.... Thanks for a great dinner experience!!!The food was just OK (with a couple of exceptions), and the atmosphere in the lounge was nice but nothing special.  Five of us ordered 8 small plate dishes plus dessert (the figs, a cauliflower dish, the shaved brussels sprouts, a pizzetta, white beans and escarole, a GF pasta and the octopus, plus two desserts (gelato and donuts).  The white beans and the gelatos were great and the rest was OK - nothing stood out as extraordinary.   Portions are miniscule making it a relatively expensive place.  We had the baby amarone to drink - we didn't all start out drinking the same thing bit it was sooo good we all ended up with that for our second glass.  One dessert got mis-ordered so our server brought us the one we ordered for free so we really had three desserts.  The gelato is great.  Don't know if we'll be back - good thing we weren't that hungry.  Compared to similar places (Sunda, Gilt Bar, etc.) RPM was very expensive.Squid Ink Pasta-YUM. everything else was OK, just OK. Trendy ambiance.While I LOVE LOVE LOVE Giuliana and Bill I HATED this place :-( I have laughed and cried with these two, and just feel flat out lied to and disappointed with their restaurant. I don't understand how they could put their name on such a pathetic "Italian" restaurant. I watch their show RELIGIOUSLY and remember the episode where they were discussing where to locate the restaurant. They decided that "heavy pasta" and "large Italian portions" would never make it in LA. So they chose Chicago. Giuliana and Bill should have realized that of all places Chicago knows GOOD ITALIAN FOOD!! And Italian food in Chicago is served the way ALL Italian families do it... In HEAPING MOUNDS OF FOOD! Giuliana and Bill clearly missed this memo :-( I ordered the "Mama DePandi Bucatini" and while it was good the portion belonged on the kids menu (I doubt the real Mama DePandi would have stood for this). My boyfriend had the "Lobster Ravioli" and received 5 pieces for $15. Our server failed to mention the fact that all the pasta dishes were "half portions" as I overheard a knowledgable waitress telling the table behind me. Please note that money is no object, so long as I get what I paid for. (I suppose we were paying for the "experience" of being ripped off by a celebrity endorsed restaurant.) After shelling out $70 the boyfriend and myself left sad and still hungry! The best part of the whole Night was the constant fruit flies hovering around our plates... GROSS! Long story short, this place wasn't even close to being "AMAZE-BALLS" and my love affair with Giuliana and Bill is over.I was a little skeptical of the quality of food before eating here just because it is partly owned by celebrities. However, the food was DELICIOUS. I got the truffle pasta that the server recommended and they literally shredded a truffle in front of my over my pasta. I almost died. I will definitely be back.Since we are huge, local fans of Guiliana & Bill Rancic, my husband and I were excited to try out their latest co-venture in the former (Melman owned) Ben Pao restaurant space. We experienced many of the same issues noted in previous reviews. First of all, it is impossible to get a reservation at a reasonable hour, so we just walked in at 10 pm as recommended  by the hostess, were instructed to wait in the bar area and seated within 15-20 minutes. This is definitely not a family friendly restaurant (as parents of 3 teenagers who wanted to join us) on any level as the excessive (pretentious) modern sports bar presence dominates with multiple bar areas throughout the restaurant, in addition to the loud, incessant night club music which reveals a blatant bias towards the young, swinging, trendy set. The actual area devoted to dining is small (we estimated @100 people), hence the difficulty in securing reservations. The impersonal, cold black/white decor theme is extremely severe and flat; no color, no art work, no personality. Good lighting, however, which is hard to achieve & pale pleather seats, like being in a car (evoking the RPM moniker!). While this trend might go over well in NYC or LA, it does not bode well in Chicago. The predominantly 'cute' white male waitstaff are also an issue for Chicago. There seemed to be more of them than us 'diners' and they all paraded around in droves  with ear wires avoiding eye contact as if they were bored out fo their minds on the catwalk at Fashion Week in NYC! But, their unremarkable white blazer uniforms look cheap and unflattering. We also felt uncomfortable observing such a pervasive hierarchy with busboys noticeably in all black & from a different ethnic group. While our waiter was patiently obliging, we felt like we were disturbing him by asking for bread & we did wait for everything at a time when the restaurant was less busy / emptying out. That said, we ordered the lobster carpaccio, which was acceptable, but at 3 designer bites is molto overpriced; the spinach/kale salad and the grilled octopus, were unmemorable. The wild boar sausage pasta was very disappointing. This is not the wild boar pasta we know in Italy! Our waiter couldn't even name the accompanying pasta (it was radiatore or radiator pasta), the balance of textures/tastes is all wrong and the entire dish is too salty. Chef Doug needs to curb excessive use of salt and chile flakes, period! On the positive side, the prosecco is dry and delicious. The wafting smell of freshly baked, warm authentic country bread with olive oil is too good to resist, but you have to ask for it several time. We also enjoyed the desserts immensely. The hazelnut ice cream tartuffo is excellent as is the black coffee affogato. But, with all the competition out there, RPM will have to work harder and drop the attitude to lure us back.We waited 3 months for this reservation. A huge disappointment. We thought it would be a good dining experience. Instead, the service was terrible, there was a baby screaming at the table next to us, the sound level was high decibels and then loud banging music and the food mediocre at best. We had to ask for forks, the waiters had no idea who ordered what, the calamari and shrimp appetizer had no shrimp, very few calamari and was mostly zucchini. At those prices, they should be ashamed of themselves. We are three couples who eat out often and none of us would go back or recommend it to anyone. Eek is right.We went for our anniversary and requested ahead of time to be seated at a decent table. I get it...prime tables are not usually in the cards for those that don't tip the hostess. I however was really offended when they tried to put us at a table nearly right next to the front door. I guess it was the only one available but luckily a booth along the wall opened up, so we waited. The server was amazing! (I really wish I could remember her name....Liz, I think? ) The amount of staff on the floor was a little over the top and probably not necessary.  We had about 6 different things + dessert and a bottle of wine. Really reasonably priced and loved everything we had except the lobster ravioli. Unfortunately, it was not cooked al dente.  It was taken back and taken off the bill. Not once, did a manager ever stop by the table to check in on us or apologize about the undercooked pasta. Weird and just rude. There was someone that seemed to be halfway important sitting next to us because the managers had no problem basically hand feeding them throughout dinner. Mistakes happen, no big deal but I would have given this place a 5 if a manager actually recognized the mistake and apologized.The restaurant was beautiful and the service was excellent! Our server explained the menu and made some recommendations that were outstanding. Although everything is served in smaller portions my two friends and I left very full. The shredded Brussels Sprouts Salad was delicious and so was the Maine Lobster Spinach Ravioli. I have absolutely no complaints about the restaurant, food, service, drinks, or price. It was a lovely first experience and I will be returning soon!I love Giuliana and Bill, wish I felt the same about their restaurant.the Tartufo was awesome!i would recommend this place to my friends!i would love to go back to this place to try the other amazing dishes they have.The staff was a bit aloof. Starting with the hostess - we could not be seated until our entire party was there - normal - but she never said - feel free to sit at the bar for drink. We were seated promptly at our table and our waiter was friendly enough - the place was loud and he was a soft talker so we couldn't hear much of the specials or anything he was saying. Early in evening another waiter spilled an ENTIRE glass of beer down my friend's back.(this might not have happened if the tables weren't on top of each other) but accidents happen - but his comment set me off - she was wearing a white top - "at least it wasn't red wine" Inappropriate. I called him on it - and he said "I'm just trying to make light of the situation" It wasn't funny. I asked for the manager. They did bring my friend to the back and gave her a black t-shirt - a spare uniform. I requested that they comp our wine - which they did. The food was OK. Nothing really wowed any of us. Appetizers were average.  I had the eggplant Parmesan - average. Prawns - OK - Lobster Ravioli - OK. The side dishes of roasted potatoes and the kale were tasty. The wine list is quite nice. I think the place is relatively new - so maybe they need to get the kinks out - but I don't think I'd return anytime soon.Make sure you make your reservation in advance!! I forget what I ordered but oh my goodness it was amazing. It was some pasta with mozzarella on top... Sooo good. Can't wait to go back for that same item. Definitely the best pasta I've ever had. Also, we had their garlic bread which was great and for dessert, we had the chocolate thing which was really rich but still great, one of their specials which was donuts with nutella (excellent), and my favorite, the rice pudding gelato... Oh my. Currently salivating thinking about it. Can't wait to come back.My sister and I come from St.Louis 2 times a year just to eat at RPM. Everything is good. We always order the same thing. Mama's pasta and the spagetti and meatball. This time we also ordered the charred pepperoni pizzette...so great. Go there if you live in Chicago, or if you don't . You won't be let down.Great Food and very nice staff!Food was simply outstanding from salad to entree to dessert.  I was not prepared to like this restaurant as much as I did!  Like any great restaurant, it was the service that put it over the top.  Ask for David if you can!  Amazing waiter who really made this eating experience over the top!Good, not great.  From arrival when no one asked if they could take our coats to the dirty glasses, and later the dirty bathrooms....not a great way to start the evening. We ordered an enormous amount of food to try a variety, everything was so similiar, very rich but nothing to write home about. The carbonara had so much pepper two of us coughed away the heat of the pepper.  Even the salad was very rich and spicey covered in cheese and peppers. Yes, I went because of the hype so now ...been there done that ....and dont need to go back.  Average Italian, nothing wowed.  For the high prices and the hype I expected better qualtiy. I really wanted this to work for Guilliana and Bill.went there on tuesday night for dinner.   initially, the ambience of the place is what sets this place apart.  waiters in white tuxedos, comfortable seating, music, and good lighting.  Since arriving early, sat at the bar with my friends and had a few drinks, then were seated about an hour later, per our reservation time.  the lobster caprese salad was absolutely phenomenal, and that's about it.  I ordered the short rib parpadelle and here's my take away:  the parpadelle was fresh and flavorful (though its a noodle so how flavorful can it really be?)  the short rib and sauce were over salted, so it was hard to gauge any other flavor. Additionally the short rib meat was more fatty than usual.  Would I go back to try it again?  probably not.  For the value there are far more places in chicago to go for dinner, though if you're looking for  a "trendy" and overpriced experience, by all means, go to RPMServer was very knowledgeable about the food and wine list. I took off a star because I was distracted by one of the hostesses outfit. Her loose shirt exposing her whole bra looked like she should be going to a rave concert and not working at this place. Anyways, great wine list and small portions of food that allow you to try anything and everything you want on the menu. Great fresh made pastas. Fried olives are a must!Obviously I came here because I love the reality show and my mouth would water everytime I saw Mama DePandi's pasta on TV. I had high hopes for this restaurant but I was greatly disappointed with the food. We ordered: truffled garlic bread (good), zucchini fritti (good but very oily), Mama DePandi's Pomodoro (2 plates of it because they were tiny and the pasta was nothing special. Tasted like regular spaghetti with ragu sauce. So disappointed), Eggplant Parmesan (only dish we got worth praising), prime beef meatballs (terrible! ordered them and they came out cold but they do not taste good at all. The waitress was great and got us another order that was hot as it is suppose to be served, but was still not happy with the taste and did not even finish the small plate), and we also ordered a dish with corn but I do not remember the name of it and frankly it isn't even worth reviewing. My sister and brother-in-law said it was great the first time they came to RPM but they themselves were disappointed with how it tasted this time around. It has a nice atmosphere, staff, and I love that the kitchen is open pretty late (I think it closes at 10 pm maybe later). However, if you are rating RPM strictly based on flavor then it is lacking. There was 4 of us and although we ordered a lot, and we knew it was served tapas style, we left unsatisfied. I wish I saw Bill or Giuliana, it would made up for the bland food (maybe)I planned on celebrating my birthday here so my husband and I came to RPM with just the two of us to check it out. The first night was awesome, our server was on point,  the food was delish,  and we loved the fun upbeat atmosphere. It's definitely a place to come with a group of people or a fun date night. I would not put it in the romantic category because of the noise level and the overall vibe of the place. Since we were having a large party in a couple weeks we wanted to try a lot so we could make the best choices for our menu. Fritto Misto- was shockingly chewy but I just chalked that up to a random over cooking which I imagine is rare, Ricotta Semolina toast- is amazing (we had that for the party), Prime Beef Meatballs- are to die for- we chose that for the party as well (huge hit with friends), Imported cheeses- (good selection), Giuliana Salad- (a normal but tasty salad) perfect for the party, Mama Depand's Bucatini Pomodoro- I think is a must try (friends loved it), Strozzapreti- is good but wasn't a hit with friends (I'm a fan of arugula and pine nuts so..), Short Rib Pappardelle- meat lover friends thought it was good. We chose the Halibut and Filet for our night as well as the party night both cooked perfectly and above average, For sides we went with Kale & Pancetta and Potato Parmesan. Potatoes were an exceptional side. Then for dessert we had the Tartufo and Strawberry Carpaccio. We knew the Tartufo was amazing from trying it before hand but chose the Strawberry Carpaccio and again the party was very happy with both. As I said our server was amazing the first night but we were surprised when the event coordinator came over to chat but didn't comp even a dessert considering we were having a party of 15 coming in two weeks. We've had a decent amount of large party dinners recently and expected better customer service in that area. With that said it was fine and still would've given 5 stars. What took the star off was our server at the party. My husband was going to send an email but it was in May so I assume that's not happening. As guests were sitting down at the table we had several bottles of wine waiting to be poured, my husband just started to do it because it took so long for her to get started. She seemed completely flustered the entire night and not happy to be there. There was a point where the desserts got mixed up and she said very loudly to herself that he didn't order that talking about one of my guests. He did order it to be clear. We stayed late into the night ordering drinks and our server just took off. She gave our account over to someone else. I assume her shift ended which is totally fine but she didn't even come to let us know of the change or thank us. The new server just popped up. EVERYONE at the party noticed the service but the food I would say overshadowed it so it worked out. RPM truly has amazing food but has a few quirks to work out in the service department. To sum it up the decor, food, and atmosphere is fabulous and we'll for sure be going back. I would definitely make sure if we had another party there we wouldn't have the same server.This restaurant is all decor and no substance. The portions are small, overpriced, and of poor quality. The service was poor from the start - waited 30 minutes to be seated from the time of our reservation, and our server checked on us once after we received our food. I cannot recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking to have a good meal.I really liked this place. Beautiful, simple decor focused on textures, excellent lighting, lively ambiance, and good food. Plate by plate, not too overpriced, although small plates serve up very good quality food. Definitely a dining hotspot. Decor- 5, Service- 4, Food- 4. The environment is a little better than the food but the Scallops were to die for! Enjoy!Delicious food and great atmosphere.I went here with a friend for the second time because I really enjoyed my first time here. I had made 8pm reservations and around 8:15 started cracking jokes about making earlier reservations but showing up later next time to my friend but didn't care to make a big deal to the host.  We were shown to our table around 8:20 and without prompting the manager came over and thanked us for our patience even after the host had thanked us for our patience and the manager informed us he was sending over their homemade ricotta toast (which was to DIE for) as a thank you. I've never had not complaining pay off like that! Per usual the rest of our meal was delicious, the waiter was attentive and charming and we left more than satisfied. For a place that is definitely NOT hurting for patrons, it was nice they took the time to make us feel appreciated. I will definitely be back again...and again. Try the ricotta, mushroom and fontina pizzette, and the short rib pappardelleService was great, food was just good, ambiance ehh and music could have been more subtle and less techno.I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. The service is really great and you can tell the staff was trained well. The food was just not terribly memorable. The burrata would have been better without the honey, too sweet for us. The spicy squid ink pasta with crab was good as well as the carbanara. They just weren't overwhelmingly amazing. The budino was very tasty, loved the salted caramel.If I could give this place more than 5 Stars, I definitely would.  I heard about this restaurant since I am a huge fan of Bill and Giuliana Rancic.  So, when I came into town for a business meeting, I knew I wanted to check out this place.  My coworker and I went here around 5pm on a Tuesday night.  I was surprised how busy it was for a Tuesday evening.  However, the atmosphere and the look of the restaurant is amazing.  The menu is unique and absolutely wonderful.  I got the Shredded Brussel Sprout Avacado Salad -- LOVE LOVE LOVE.  Also, I got Mama DiPanti's Pasta and it was simply wonderful.  Very light and didn't feel like I had to waddle out of the restaurant after eating pasta.  And of course, I couldn't leave without trying dessert.  Lots of items to choose from, we picked this Chocolate Hazelnut dessert.  Basically it was Choc Ice Cream with this Choc Hazelnut Gonache, dipped in Hard Shell Chocolate with Hazelnuts.  Ummmm--- WOW!!  I took pictures of both the salad and dessert and posted within Yelp!!  DELISH.  I will def be back again when I am in town and would love to try something else on the menu.  Also, to top it off--- service was OUTSTANDING.  This restaurant will def be successfull --- all around top-notch!!  Great date night location too!!!Good food and okay service.  Cute place...have not had anything bad there the few times I have been.  I would recommend.Not bad. We walked in and sat at the bar on a really busy Friday night and it worked out just fine. Ordered fried olives and zucchini strips to start and both were just ok...difficult to mess up fried anything as long as there's a tasty dipping sauce to go with it ( and there was...herby yogurt dip). For entrees we ordered a stuffed ravioli which was very tasty and a mushroom pasta which was very average. The plates are pretty small which I liked but if you're expecting family style dining, this is not your spot. Overall, not bad but there are plenty of good Italian restaurants in Chicago and this is not the best.Wonderful dinner. We came here for my parents' anniversary, after finally getting a reservation. Loved the black and white decor, very trendy, but not overly pretentious; the service was great and everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating, even comping 2 of our desserts because of the occasion. Every dish we ordered was delicious, but highlights included the Mediterranean octopus, truffled garlic bread (seriously could eat that for eternity), spicy king crab with squid ink pasta, and Bill's salted budino. Om nom nom.very crowded- even at 10PM there was a 45 minute wait- so we sat in the bar which was fine- the food was ok - just ok- the brussel sprout salad was chewy and hard- the pappadelle was very al dente- the portions were not small they were tiny- not even big enough for  sharing a couple of bites-so if you want to put on very high heels and pick up a guy this is the place to come- not if you want a really good mealMy girlfriend and I shared the truffled garlic bread and grilled peaches & proscuitto salad as our starters. We followed this with the short rib pappardelle and 20 oz bone-in ribeye. Finally, we shared the tartufo for desert. Everything was tasty and all of these dishes combined were plenty to fill two grown people. In spite of the waitress informing us that the salads were big enough to share, we found the one we had to be sized for one person (she also warned us about the pasta portion being rather on the small side, which was true). The hazelnut gelato in the tartufo was good, but the night before we had tried hazelnut gelato at Gelato Greco on W Chicago Ave and that was indeed quite a bit better. Still a really cool presentation for a dessert and very tasty indeed! It wasn't a cheap dining experience, but we knew that coming in. With one beer and one cocktail, the bill for the two of us came out at ~$135.I finally made it to RPM after months of waiting, but it was well worth it! I had a reservation for 5 people at 9pm on a Friday night, we arrived right on time and were handed a pager and told it would be about 10-15 minutes. Ok I get it, it's a hot spot so even though we had a reservation, we would still have to wait. Well, after 20 minutes of waiting, I went up and asked how much longer it would be, they said the group at our table had paid and they are just waiting for them to leave. Well, finally 40 minutes later the pager went off. The hostess apologized as she walked us to our table. As we were seated the manager came right over and apologized and said champagne and appetizers were on their way over. The champagne was good champagne and it made up for the wait and then 4 appetizers (Homemade Ricotta Toast, Zucchini Fritti,  Provolone Stuffed Peppers and and Arancini) were brought over. The appetizers were very much appreciated and were very good! They did not have to do that, usually restaurants will say there is nothing that they can do about the wait, that they are busy, but this place actually handles situations the right way and takes care of their customers.The wine and martinis were delicious! We enjoyed the lobster caprese, they didn't skimp on the lobster. The meatballs were tasty. The Tuna Carpaccio was very fresh and yummy. The wood oven gnocchi al forno was so light and fluffy, I have never had gnocchi like this before, it was very different good. The Spicy King Crab Pasta was delicious, not too spicy, just a little kick and again they didn't skimp on the crab. We had another pasta dish which to me was bland, it was spaghetti with a type of Goat cheese mixed in, I can't remember the name of it. We added the Maine Lobster Ravioli last minute and I am glad we did, it was very delicious, the best lobster ravioli I have every had. The portions were a good size, every plate was enough or a little more for 5 people.After many many small plates, wine, martinis, one dessert, a cappuccino and espresso, I was afraid to see the bill. I cannot believe how inexpensive it was, it came out to about $50 per person including tip.  Our waiter was very attentive and friendly, we really enjoyed our meal and experience at RPM Italian.I am ready plan my next reservation!Super cute inside - the decor and atmosphere is great!  The food was just ok.  We were not impressed with any of our dishes with the exception of the meatballs.  I would recommend coming here with some ladies for drinks but not for dinner.trendy, happening spot downtown - dress to impress. ambiance is sleek and sophisticated, ny like. crowd is 30-50s. great attentive service. food is pretty good, drinks a little too strong (from the bar), but you are def paying for the scene. food didn't blow my mind like i was hoping, but was decent italian. the best part was the dessert - the chocolate covered hazelnut ice cream - by far the best thing we had. would go back for drinks and dessert, but not dinnerI was excited to finally try RPM as I have heard good things.  My wife was able to get us an early reservation last night with our family, and I honestly couldn't have been more disappointed in the food and dining experience.  At the beginning of the meal, I let our waiter know that I had a Dairy allergy and he assured me he could have the dishes prepared without cheese, creams, etc.  We started off with several appetizers, including the garlic bread, meatballs, tuna, and polenta.  The waiter must have instantly forgot our previous conversation about the cheese and creams as every single appetizer besides the Tuna had cheese all over it.  What I was able to eat around was just OK.  For the main course I ordered the Gnocchi.  I let the waiter know again not to include the cheese on this dish.  The Gnocchi was just OK.  Nothing to write home about.  The general consensus on the other entrees (spicy crab, tortellini, and scallops were the same).   When it came time for desert, I ordered the raspberry sorbet, (again, double checking with the waiter that the sorbet was dairy free) and I was given raspberry gelato.  I had the waiter double check with the kitchen that there was no dairy in the "sorbet" and he came back to apologize that all of the "sorbet" had dairy in it.  That was a first for me, as I have sorbet at Italian restaurants all the time and this doesn't seem to be an issue anywhere else.  Overall, I would have to give the food an average rating at best.  Although the waiter was very nice, he just didn't seem to pay attention and my constant need to remind him about my dairy allergy was unacceptable.  Especially after I reiterated it with him on several occasions.  I don't feel the need to ever return to the restaurant.  You won't be missing out either if you decide to pass.We waited a month for our reservation here and I was definitely disappointed. We definitely tried a lot on the menu; for the two of us, we ordered 5 small plates, 2 pastas, and 2 desserts. I'll start with the good: meatballs that just fell apart in your mouth and were perfectly seasoned, truffled bread that we would have definitely ordered again. The okay: mama dupandi's pasta (pretty good but simple, if we had more than a tiny bit of it, I think we would've been bored by it) and the hazelnut dessert. The bad: roman artichokes, the Italian salad (tasted like something I could make at home in 5 minutes), fritto miso, the pasta with squid ink. Our waiter was definitely hired for his looks, as the entire dinner we watched him flirt with a woman at an adjoining table, who kept repeating that she was a doctor and close friends with Giuliana and Bill. I guess that's what happens when you go to dinner at a celebrity-owned restaurant. I was hoping for a good and solid Italian restaurant, but I'll stick to La Scarola for that, minus the hip decor. I wouldn't waste my time  here again.This is the second time I have come here.  The first time I was highly unimpressed but after being dragged there a second time, I was very pleasantly surprised.  The menu has changed a bit and everything we had was delicious yet simple.  The courses are small but they are also priced very economically.  We had 2 drinks, 2 pastas and a pizette for $60 and were satisfied with the amount we ordered.  Service was great and the general vibe is really swanky with lounge music playing and a good crowd.  I will go here again.Save your money, nothing to write home about. The food was mediocre at best. We made reservations months in advance and it was all a waste. The best part of RPM was the dessert and the soap in the bathroom.Was here opening week. Loved the white jackets servers were wearing. The space itself was modern and clean. Not mind blowing, but elegant. Wine menu was great; good wine by the glass selection. Service was very attentive (at times a little too much) and enthusiastic. The food was good but left a lot to be desired. With so many italian restaurants in town (think Davanti Enoteca) I was expecting more. Good place to see and be seen or to impress someone on a first date.I heard this place was OK and then ended up loving it! After seeing the show, I had to try Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro (even though I don't typically go for the classic spagetti-type dish), it was wonderful! Imagine tomato-basil soup in a sauce form over perfectly cook noodles with fresh basil. So yummy! It was one of the dishes that was actually pretty filling but not overwhelming. A few of the dishes my friends ordered were smaller, but all of us preferred the smaller portion sizes so we could try the desserts. Speaking of dessert, also phenomenal.  You really can't go wrong with any of the dessert choices. Definitely try the kale salad too, it's seasoned really nicely and offers up a nice healthy and delicious starter.OUTSTANDING!!! the food is fantastic, the portions are perfect and the decor is gorgeous! I have been here many times, when I can get a reservation and it is never a disappointment! I love the chic style and the servers are always so knowledgeable! I also just hosted a large party here and it was a success!My husband and I were on a business trip to Chicago, and decided we needed a night out by ourselves. Word to the wise... make a reservation several days in advance as I made a reservation just the day before, and a 9:30pm slot was the only one available for a Wednesday night. We walked in to a very swanky joint! The front area was all black, but the area we were seated at was accented with white and up lights. It really set the mood. There are a flurry of well dressed servers everywhere in constant motion to take care of every need. Ours did the same. We wanted for nothing and felt as though we were his only table to take care of. We started with the Semolina Toast and Homemade Ricotta with a red sauce. The ricotta was so smooth and creamy and went perfectly with the warm, chewy bread. My husband had the Sicilian Pork Arrosti, which both of us tried. It was so tender. They served it with beans (which usually I'm not a fan of) but these beans were so flavorful and creamy that it made a believer out of me! I had the Prosciutto Pansotti. What a treat! It packs a punch in those tiny packages. The only thing was, the pasta was not fully cooked. Some of it still felt hard. We had the roasted muchrooms and the polenta for sides. I have never had polenta before, and that was a revelation! I ended up wanting more olive oil on it as that gave it the extra kick it needed. For dessert, my husband had Bill's Chocolate Budino. It had a salty caramel with salty Cocoa Nibs on top. Normally, salt is my husband's favortie ingredient, but this was too salty even for him. There is chocolate pudding underneath it all that is truly underwhelming. This dessert did not work for him. I had the Baked Cannoli that was divine. 3 little cannolis with a fantastic filling, and a chocolate ganache rolled in with the cookie with a hint of orange. Brilliant.Overall, the ambiance, servers, and food were top notch. And it didn't hurt that it was close to the river for a romantic evening stroll.This place was over priced and the food wasn't that great.  We got a couple of appetizers which were only $5, but for that $5, we got about 8 tiny little fried olives.  Totally not worth the price. For $29 you get two prawns that were cut in half.  Really?!?!?  AND it didn't come with a side.  Our server asked my husband if he wanted asparagus with it when he ordered them, and we assumed it came with it.  I mean for two prawns for $29, you'd think it would come with something.  I ordered a mojito before dinner and it was the worst mojito I had ever had.  First, there was no lime in it and it tasted like there was tequila in it instead of rum.  The bartender saw that I didn't like it because I gave it to my husband. He didn't say anything about making a new one or offering me something else.  The bar stools are awful!  They don't move, so you have to squeeze into your seat without, hopefully not knocking over the person sitting next to you. I definitely would not go back!As a whole RPM is a very nice spot. It's trendy, hip, and everything that I personally don't care for. I do like the fact that it's a bit classy but not pretentious. But my personal feelings shouldn't hide the fact that this place is well done. I'm not a fan of trendy dining especially when it comes to Italian. Sushi, fine I get it. Tapas, sure. But not Italian and not steak houses. As a restaurant I think RPM is pretty good. I'd be lying if I said the food wasn't of good quality. But I think RPM owes it success mostly to its famous upbringing for a lack of a better term. Another thing that makes RPM a little odd for me is that it's best suited for family style dining but the portions are small and the prices reflect that. I wouldn't mind paying a little more and getting a little more if it's supposed to be shared. It's definitely a "be seen" kind of place. If you go to a restaurant strictly for the food I can't say RPM will completely satisfy, but it won't really disappoint either. I personally like to keep trendy and dining separate, but if that is your thing RPM will deliver quite nicely. Prime meatballs and the octopus were real good appetizers. And the house marinara is absolutely delicious, which is a word I rarely use to describe food as I am not easily impressed. Squid ink pasta with the spicy crab is nice and the noodles are all homemade which is a major plus. I can see why this place would rate 3-4 stars all day long. 5 stars is a bit of a stretch for me.I didn't have great expectations for RPM - many friends told me it was overpriced, mediocre Italian food. Since I knew that going in, the bar wasn't set very high and I ended being a bit surprised at the experience, especially considering I had the reservation for almost three months before trying for the first time. The food was overpriced small portions, but some of the things we tried were hits at our table of four, but there were definitely some misses. The space is really cool - great vibe, cool decor and upbeat energy. We went on a Wednesday night and it was crowded yet we didn't feel rushed. The appetizers were good, better, in fact, than I had anticipated, and very flavorful. By far the best part of the meal. Try the arancini and the artichoke - delicious. The pastas were a let-down - the only one with actual flavor (and more than 3 small bites for a $15 price tag) was the squid ink linguini with spicy king crab. That was the fan favorite. The desserts were delicious, especially the hazelnut chocolate ball. The wine is very marked up with a limited selection, so you're better off going with some of the house cocktails which were as delicious as they were strong. All in all, I'd go back, but only for a special occasion or if I had friends in town (and a reservation).RPM has a great atmosphere, excellent food and a great cocktail menu! You must have a reservation for the main dining room, but the bar area is first come, first serve. The service has been great for the two times I have dined there, which is a nice added touch. The only disappointing thing is that the portions are smaller and meant to share, so you end up ordering so many and before you know it, your bill sky rockets easily! That being said, if you're looking for a trendy place to dine with food that's actually good, this is your place!With it being backed by the Rancic's and Melmans, no doubt this would be a good spot.  It is absolutely gorgeous and the menu has an abundance of choices.  Even with sharing small plates, we were not nearly able to try everything we wanted to taste.  While it is not cheap so you can't go back too often, we will be back again in the near future to try more of the delicious offerings!Welcome newly minted restaurateurs, Bill and Guiliana... This place is great! You walk in and immediately feel like you're in L.A. Love how polished everyone in the staff looks. The food... Oh, my, oh, my, the food... It's simply scrumptious!!! I really love the decor and vibe of this place, including the music played. My only gripe, the booths were not very comfy. It felt like I had just been reared by my parents for misbehaving... Ouch! Is that the punishment we face for indulging in such divine food? I suppose... I'll be back, perhaps will a little cushion to sit on this time.Love the arrangement of the menu, good idea to get a couple appetizers for the table in addition to your own pasta dish. I love the fact that the pasta dishes are small. The price might suggest that, but left at the end of the dinner thinking that it was a PERFECT amount of food, a BEAUTIFUL restaurant, and a great time.Great place! Highly recommend for girls night out or for a date. We got the garlic bread and meatballs as an appetizer. It was a great combo for dipping the bread in the meatball sauce. I had the lobster ravioli as my entree which was delicious but pretty small. But despite being small I found it still worth it to get. For dessert you MUST get the tartufo. Seriously one of the best desserts I've had in a while!Went here last night on a friend's recommendation. I'm so glad we got to try this place! Everything was amazing from start to finish. We made reservations the night before. We got there about 5 minutes late and the restaurant and bar area were packed. We waited no more than 5 minutes to be seated at our table whic was perfectly situated. We had a view of the bar area but were still seated far enough so that we did not have to yell over the DJ to have a conversation. The space and decor is very trendy, chic and beautiful. The staff is dressed in polished white blazers and they all look like hipsters which adds to the trendiness. Our waitress was great. She was very knowledgable about the menu and helpful in explaining the size of the dishes and was very pleasant and always smiled even though it was a very busy night. I highly recommend this restaurant. The food was amazing. We had bread and the cheese spread that came with it was so yummy. Then we split a Caesar salad without the anchovies and followed it by the calamari which was amazing. We each had different pasta dishes and by the time we were 1/2 way, we were too stuffed to try any dessert. Loved it from start to finish. The only reason why I did not give it 5 stars is because the meatballs tasted a little like the ones you get at Sbarro. Other than that, I would definitely go back time and time again.Our dinners at RPM Italian last night were seriously the best of our lives! The food was so fresh and flavorful, and the service very prompt and attentive without being overbearing--often a fine line. David was so knowledgeable about the menu and guided us to fabulous choices. His help was perfection. I never would have tried the shaved Brussels sprout salad had he not suggested it, and it was amazing. So light and crunchy; I could have eaten a bucketful. The setting and ambience are classy and conducive to conversation, with the background music being fun and the perfect volume. And seeing Bill and Giuliana there was an unexpected bonus. Would love, love, love to go back.The only reason for the third star is the impeccable wait staff and the surroundings and hip vibe.  The portions are small, the salads were underdressed and under seasoned, the fried artichokes were over salted, mama dipandi's sauce tasted as if it came out of a spaghettios can.  The octopus, while tasty, was also very small, and consisted mainly of over salted chickpeas and celery.  If this restaurant wants to succeed on its food, and not the Bill and Guiliana hype, they need to straighten out the recipes, and decide whether they are a family style or a small plate restaurant, because the two are not the same.Nice meal including extensive appetizer array, good pasta dishes although small in size, beautiful and tasty dessert and good service.  Well deserved reputation.Great service and atmosphere! The portions are a bit small, but if you get an appetizer you won't notice. Try Bill's dessert!Fifth time dining at RPM so it's about time I write a review.  RPM is consistently one of the best restaurants in Chicago, Italian or otherwise. Service is superb (Alisa, you were great), the food is so delicious and we've tried to mix it up each time we go to get a feel for all of the dishes.  Without exception they have all been perfectly prepared and presented.  The Wood Oven Octopus is a must have as is the Corn Agnolotti...a true taste sensation.  We also had the John Dory special which I would put on par with Joe's .  You'll need to go early because reservations are hard to come by but well worth the effort.  Nicely done LEYE.The take away from here is don't be deterred. The bar area was extremely loud and crowded so our party of 4 waited outside. The crowd going in and exiting was cheesy and trashy looking, and younger than expected. We waited 30mins beyond our reservation time. We were given a complimentary house app. Once we sat down we were pleasantly surprised. The noise level, while still loud was much better, the crowd didn't see so young and trashy and the food was excellent. Rather than each getting an entree we decided to split apps and pastas and pass around the table. Worked out well. The meats were great to start. The pastas, especially the spicy crab with squid ink and the corn one were excellent. We realized anything that was marinara based wasn't as good as the other items. The pastas were an appropriate portion for our tapas style dinner. Dessert was fantastic, best pistachio gelato I've ever had, and I've been to Italy twice.There's a great deal of hype surrounding RPM Italian because of G&B (which I myself was guilty of when booking reservations a month in advance). Perhaps the long wait made me anticipate this like an Alinea reservation. Of course it's not in the same class, but the wait and the initial reviews had me excited for my reservation and I really wanted to like this restaurant.. It is average to good. Truffled garlic bread was OK, much better dipped in the extra pomodoro sauce my husband asked for with his lobster ravioli. Lobster Caprese appetizer was fabulous and the highlight of the meal. Giuliana's Italian salad was pretty good, but a little heavy handed on the dressing and a bit soggy. Mama DePandi's Bucatini was nice, fresh, and flavorful but our filet was burnt to a crisp. It must have been the victim of a flare up because it was done perfectly medium rare on the inside but completely charred on the outside. And it was not a char crust seasoning--just plain ole burned. The singed filet took RPM from three to two stars. Bill's Budino dessert was a bit dense but OK. Wine list was not particularly vast or impressive. Affable and competent service, but we were left wanting for more. There is definitely room for improvement, and the restaurant management should not misinterpret robust sales as approval. At this point, it's a lot of tourists and peeps hoping to catch a glimpse of our hometown celebs (guilty as charged).  I suspect one and done curiousity seekers but not serious foodies that are keeping this place hopping. Although, I don't think this place ultimately needs the foodies' approval. Business is booming.Had a pasta that was amazingly good and will return for that alone---not the pretentious service and atmosphere.  Wait staff with ear pieces, rapidly removing plates in an obvious attempt to churn tables.  Nothing remotely friendly about the place, just a lot of posturing.  Wonder  how long it will remain a hot spot.As a big Giuliana and Bill fan, I was excited to bring my family and a group of friends from England here for lunch. I knew getting a reservation would be tricky, but after trying for ten minutes to make a reservation through open table, I was finally able to get one for June 30th at 3 PM. I wasn't keen on going for a meal at 3 PM, but thought it must be pretty popular and busy even at that time. Well flash forward to our reservation; we walk into the restaurant and there are two tables occupied and out of all the tables unoccupied, we are seated right next to an occupied table having to squeeze ourselves between the small space. This angered me so much that the restaurant was deserted and it took me so long to get a reservation so my group staged a walkout where my friend got "sick." I had way more hope for RPM Italian and they should be embarrassed of their reservation management! I agree with Kit G's review down below, it is definitely not as exclusive as it makes it out to be.  We enjoyed a delicious meal at the Grand Café Luxe instead.Ate here the first Saturday it was open with my boyfriend and it was absolutely amazing! Between us we had Mama DePandi's Bucatini, prime meatball, lemon sole, beef carpaccio, a bottle of 24 Oakes, the pistachio gelato and a couple more cocktails. It was one of the best Italian meals I have ever had. The pasta tasted as fresh as the pasta I have had in Italy before. I highly recommend this restaurant. Our waitress ( I think her name was Ali) was so personable and a pleasure to be seated with. We sat in the bar which even felt intimate. Absolutely a definite place to eat in Chicago and for an awesome price!Pricey for what you get...we all left hungry even though we had many courses! No bread and butter served on the table??? The server Theresa was great!As Guiliana would say, this place is amazeballs!  The food is amazing and the decor is very clean and modern. The wait staff was very polite and I love that they have a bar for a more casual setting. My only real criticism would be that they don't have an extensive cocktail list. They do however have a very extensive wine list. Now to the food! We started with the lobster caprese salad and the truffle garlic bread. Both out of this world! Very generous portion of mozzarella cheese and lobster. The basil pieces were a little small but you didn't need much. The mozzarella cheese was creamy, fresh and simply delicious! The truffle garlic bread was outstanding! I have never tasted anything like it. For dinner I ordered the wild boar sausage and my husband ordered the bone in rib-eye and potatoes. The wild boar sausage was so, so good!  I am not sure what time of pasta it was, the waitress said the name means radiator in Italian. It had a garlic cream sauce I think but it wasn't as heavy as Alfredo sauce. It was bursting with different flavors.  The rib-eye was tender and juicy and the potatoes had just the right amount of crisp!Finally, I want to add that Bill and Guiliana were there the night that we went and when they heard it was my birthday they came over with shots! They were the nicest people and it was a great experience!If your looking for hotties this is the hip joint. Food just a distracter from the entertainment. Wasn't too impressed with the food! Wait time a bit long also!Ate at RPM last night (Saturday) in a group of 4, to celebrate my and my friend's birthday. My husband made the reservations approximately a month ago, and at the time he made them, the only availability for a party of 4 was 5:00pm and 10:30pm, so we went for 5:00pm. As it was a birthday celebration, there was no way I was staying sober enough for a nice restaurant 'til 10:30We arrived a few minutes late and were seated immediately.  The decor is upscale, but simple and clean, not over powering or obnoxious, and not traditional "Italian restaurant" decor.  Our waitor was Bobby (per the receipt, I don't remember if that is what he introduced himself as) and he was very good.  He was very friendly, patient with all of our questions, explained the menu thuroughly, and made a lot of good suggestions. He even took note of the comment my husband had made when he placed the reservation, and he wished me and my friend a happy birthday.  I had read all the good reviews about the truffled garlic bread here on Yelp, so we ordered that immediately.  It was amazing like all the previous reviewers stated. It was enough for the 4 of us to share as an app. We then ordered the small plates of the provolone stuffed peppers, the polenta poached egg, and a fennel dish, can't remember what it was called.  Everything was great, but the provolone stuffed peppers were the stand out. When you go keep in mind that these small plates are very small.  You will want to order more than one item if you are sharing.  For entrees I had the eggplant parmesan, my husband and friend each had the big eye tuna, and my friend's husband had the lamb. We all thought our food was really good.  Only complaint about these disheas was that the big eye tuna is definitely not cheap, and it is also definitely not anything I would call an entree.  If you order this, get a side or two, the tuna alone will not be enough to serve as a meal. For dessert we ordered the hazelnut ice cream chocolate ball thing, I'm not sure what this was called, but the four of us shared it and all thought it was amazing. Bobby told us it was on the house, and before he brought that out, he brought me and my friend a plate of teeny tiny ice cream cones with birthday candles.  Very cute. For beverages the men had draft beer, and I believe there were quite a few options for them to choose from.  My friend and I shared a bottle of Reisling that was very good. Expect to pay quite a bit for the wine. I would give 4.5 stars if I could, based on taste and quality of the food, our awesome waitor, and the fact that our desert was on the house and they were nice enough to take note of our birthdays. Why I'm not giving 5 stars:  We tried to add one person the week before the reservation, to make it a party of 5, and we were told that was only available at midnight. Obviously we didn't do that.   We got there at 5:00 and there were probably a good 15-20 empty seats in our area, at several tables.  Most of these stayed empty for at least an hour, and for the entire time we were there, there were 8 empty seats right next to our table!  Yes, maybe there was a last minute cancellation, but I doubt it as there were several empty tables. Another reason for not giving 5 stars is the skimpiness of the tuna dish, and the fact that the expensive entrees do not come with any sides or salads, that is all at an additional cost.The decor is awesome. I was immediately impressed. Other than that, it was a disappointment. The hostess and server acted as if they were putting up with us. We ordered 7 plates to share and each had 2 drinks, so we spent a decent amount of money. Three of the plates were brought out immediately, then we were brought three more plates that were meant for another table. The server then came over to ask if we still wanted the salad that we had originally ordered. Forty minutes later the rest of our food came out, which was too long of a break between plates. We eat out at least 2-4 nights per week and I'm usually pretty easy to please, but I was disappointed. I might go back for cocktails, but I'll probably never eat there again.The toasted italian bread appetizer with ricotta cheese was incredible.    I had the pizzette with mushrooms which was awesome and so was the lobster ravioli.   My friend had Mama Dipandi's Pomadoro and that was also very good.   I can't wait to go back and try some other things.   That is what is fun about the small plates.    The decor is very chic/urban.   All the staff was very nice and our waitress even gave us more bread so we could use up the ricotta.   Highly recommend.   I love the Rancics and now I love their restaurant.From start to finsih, an amazing adventure in dining. The front desk staff was friendly and ready.Our reservation was early, so not sure how we would be treated. We were seated at a booth which allowed us full view of the restaurant. We had the signature cocktail, the Lower Door, divine. We had the Roman Artichoke, cleaned and fried, presented ready to eat. The shaved asparagus salad tossed in a light vinaigrette with shaved parmesan was light and flavorful. The wedge caesar was presented as a whole large romaine sliced and set upright with dressing and whole anchovies on top. The king crab with squid ink pasta had a brown butter sauce on the bottom with crab and a surprising kick of hot peppers mixed in. Mama DiPandi's pomodoro was unique, light yet hearty. Dessert was hazelnut tartufo, chocolate gelato dipped in chocolate and rolled in hazelnuts and the fresh sliced strawberries with sour cream gelato and a hint of  mint. April, our server, was friendly, knowledgeable and paced all our dishes perfectly.I have only been here once, but I will be going back as soon as I can! The decor here has a black and white theme and a very modern feel! The staff are all friendly, helpful, and dressed well! Now.... the food! First of all, the food is so affordable for the quality and portions given!  We went with the recommendations of our server and had the Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomadoro. It was absolutely delicious and I am not even the biggest fan of Italian food! We also had the Spicy King Crab. This dish was also incredible and was my favorite of the night. It is a little spicy, so if you have no tolerance for spice keep that in mind. Now for the best part: DESSERT! The tartufo is HEAVEN ON EARTH. Imagine eating a giant, frozen Ferrero Rocher. It is hazelnut gelato in the middle in a crust of hazelnut chocolate shell with chunks of hazelnuts. AMAZING. We devoured it! As for drinks, we were all happy with out choices, also recommended by our wonderful server. You can't go wrong with the Classic Bellini, Pinwheel, and Long-faced Dove.Loved it! The food totally reminded me of Italy! Everything was excellent from the salads, aps, pastas, and larger entrées! The three people I dined with all loved the food, drinks, decor, and the service. It's hard to get a reservation, but worth it!I went with a friend a few weeks ago for an early dinner on a crowded Friday night, and we were able to get a seat at a table in the bar. We had a fabulous time! The plates were a nice size for sharing and the food was so delicious. Our server  was great! Whenever we had a question, he was always right there with spot on suggestions.Thank you Ryan! We will be back soon for the amazing food and yummy bellinis.Was not at all as good as I hoped. Was looking forward to this place, to badGood food and wine overall. We did have an issue when we tried to add an extra person. We called one week ahead and she automatically said no? I asked if we should call back to see if there were any cancelations.    We liked he gnocchi, meatballs, and garlic bread.  also had the black truffle ravioli and that was just ok. We were celebrating a birthday and they brought us all mini ice cream cones, nice touch!My wife and I were quite anxious to try RPM after several people we know told us how much they loved it. We called on a Saturday morning and were able to get a reservation that night at 6 pm.  My wife got a Piccolo Rosa off their cocktail list and really enjoyed it. We started with the truffled garlic bread and Caesar wedge. The bread had a really good flavor without being too garlicky and the portion was bigger than I thought. They split the salad and it was still quite a large portion. The presentation was unique and it tasted quite good, although I would try other things next time instead of ordering it again. I would recommend the garlic bread though! I had the lobster ravioli and my wife had the carbonara. As my wife can attest to, I love lobster ravioli, and I found myself thoroughly enjoying RPMs take. The spinach pasta was different, but very tasty, and the lobster was fresh and very enjoyable. My wife enjoyed the carbonara as well, and with how rich their pastas are, the portions were the perfect size. We split Bill's chocolate bundino for dessert, although it really consisted of my wife having 4-5 spoonfuls and me wolfing the rest down. I had heard a lot about this dessert and it definitely lived up to the hype, as the salted caramel went so well with the rich pudding. Our service was good and the food came out quick, but we could tell our waiter was more interested in the six women behind us, as he kept giving them recommendations of where they could go for drinks after RPM. We did have a great time and will definitely be back in the future. Bon appetit!!Our waiter Nick, made our experience at RPM yesterday on Mother's Day exceptional. Our entire table of 6, constantly commented on the food and more importantly Nick's passion in handling our table. My daughter just told us she is pregnant with her first child. Everybody at the table was very excited with the news. Nick overheard my other daughter saying you will make a wonderful Mother to her sister. Nick immediately came over & extended his congratulations. To show his excitement on the news, he sent a desert with a candle, so she can make a wish. There was other exceptional thing Nick offered. We were having a great time at RPM, the time on my parking  meter was running out. He saw I was leaving the table, and ask if there was anything he could assist. I mentioned the meter was expiring, he offered to go out & pay the meter, so I can stay with my party. Thanks to RPM and especially Nick for making our total experience a day we will remember forever.I came in for dinner at 10:30 pm on Saturday night. I didn't have super high expectations being that it was the opening weekend. My party was seated right away, and we had a very attentive waiter. I am unable to eat gluten, and the waiter double checked to make sure I could safely eat the Brussels sprout salad. It ended up having breadcrumbs in the dressing- so he suggested the kale and spinach salad instead, and it was really good. My companions shared the meatballs for an appetizer and were raving about them. The cocktail menu was fun and we tried a variety of drinks between the 4 of us. The restaurant makes their own gluten-free pasta, and it can be subbed for any pasta entree. I had the gluten free pasta with eggplant and ricotta. It was very good, and didn't have that distinctive gummy taste that some gluten- less pasta has. My only complaints were that the place becomes more of a club, and less of a restaurant as the hours get later. We were yelling to hear each other by the time we left, but I think this is to be expected at a place like this. There was a fairly long time between appetizers and entrees, but given that this was their first Saturday night I'm sure these kinks will be worked out. I will definitely be back- and I would recommend it to friendsWe just got home from dining at RPM Italian for the first time and must say we were so pleased! Our dear friends made the reservation for restaurant week knowing my husband and I are huge fans of Bill and Giuliana; thanks Kevin and Kristin! I have to send a huge thank you to our Server Kim B. who was so wonderful! My husband and I had some dietary restrictions and Kim was incredibly patient and so knowledgable about the menu and all the ingredients...we sincerely appreciated how attentive he was to us! We also were given a complimentary serving of their fresh bread, ricotta and red sauce...the gentleman who delivered it to our table mentioned Restaurant Week, so I'm not sure if everyone got a complimentary serving or if it was reserved for those who ordered off the Restaurant Week menu...either way, we were thrilled! My husband and I couldn't have any, but our friends said it was delicious! We had the Brussel Sprout and Avocado salad, which i admit, i was doubting, and it had great flavor!  The Jumbo Prawns were amazing, highly recommended - a little hard to eat as they are served w/ half the shell on, but totally worth it if your okay taking time to cut up your food. My husband had the salmon and he said it was pretty good also...not as much flavor as the prawns, but still good. Our friends had the Giuliana Salad and Spaghetti and Meatball and said it was the best pasta and meatball - better than Rosebud she told me! Our other friend had the risotto and his plate was clean...a pretty good sign it was delicious! Now, for dessert...again, my husband and I couldn't partake, but our friends had the Chocolate Sorbetti and Bill's Salted Caramel dish...the looks on their faces were of pure indulgence, so I can only assume they were, in Giuliana's words "Amaze-Balls!" We'll definitely be back and highly recommend for all you Chicagoans and visitors, too!I went here with a group of friends to give it a try.  I'm not huge on "scene" places, and this place is a bit of a scene.  But, if you can get by that, the food was really tasty and our waiter was great.  If you are looking for large portions at small prices, don't go here.  If you are ok spending a few bucks and want to try a bunch of different small items, this is a good place to do so.  We started with the charred pepperoni tomato pizza, the roman style artichokes, and the zucchini.  All were very tasty.  For the main meal, I had the arugula salad (ok-not great), the corn agnolotti (really good, I was debating on this or the lobster and was glad I went with the corn dish-waiters advise-who knew corn could be so good).  For dinner, I split the white fish special (the exact name of the fish escapes me) and that was delicious as well.  For dessert, we all split the tartufo (I thought was just ok-but other at the table loved it), the Bills Chocolate Budino (my favorite- if you love chocolate, caramel, and sea salt you will love this), and the waiter brought us Vanilla/Pestachio Gelato on the house (also very tasty).  All in all, this was a great meal.  A bit pricey, but a great meal all the way.Good, that's about it..  My bf and I love G and B so we were excited to finally try the much talked about restaurant. Went with reservations on a Staurday night. We got there on time and was seated promptly. First noticed that this is very very trendy, but people were dressed all over the place. My husband was in jeans,he felt under dressed, but he was fine, the younger gals were mos def dressed to impress. Our waiter was very well versed in the menu and cocktail list. The wine let was easy to decipher and very well priced.  Started with meatballs, octopus and lobster caprese. All was fine, nothing amazing. Also shared the Italian salad and arugula salad, again, both good.  Dinner entrees included the filet, cooked perfectly and very tender. I was surprised how good it was, probably the best entree we had, Also had  mushroom risotto and chicken and peppers. Nobody was thrilled with those. My highlight was dessert. The turtuffo was amazing! Chocolate gelatto rolled in hazelnuts covered in chocolate shell, did not disappoint. Overall it was fine but for about $375 for 4 people (3 drinking) there are better places in the city.  I would have also liked to see more mama Depandi in this place since she was the Inspuration. Too bad Bill got caught up in the money, I think a small delicious place (think Lucia's in Wicker Park) would have done great. There are some kinks to be worked out. The runners seemed confused on table numbers. We had food auctioned to our table  4 times and valet took 15 mins to get our car.This restaurant needs some changes to be successful in Chicago. Our experience was very disappointing.  IT feels like the restaurant was open on a shoe string.  The menu is printed on one side of a large sheet of paper and includes no descriptions of the dishes -fast food has better menus.  You have to ask your waiter for any questions you have, it's very unappealing. WE ordered the artichokes which were fantastic, and the salmon with pistachio pesto was good, however the pasta was cold and rubbery very unappetizing.  We sent the first cold dish back and it came back hot but the pasta was chewy .. there is a big difference between al dente and  rubbery..yuck.   If you want bread you have to pay for it.  The desert was outstanding. We ordered the hazelnut chocolate dipped ice cream. , it's was fantastic.  If you go. just order appetizers and desert..and be prepared for a hefty check for little return.   TIhey  need new menus with descriptions, a new pasta cook, and free bread on the table.  Also better selection of wines by the glass.  Atmosphere is cold and anticeptic..far from homey momma depandi.  so order your appetizer and desert in the bar which is quite nice.I was really looking forward to eating here on my visit to Chicago and i was very pleased that i got to!  We had a 4pm reservartion on a Sunday (as that was all that was avaliable).  There were 4 of us and a child as well.  Service was great and the waitstaff was very attentive and pleasant - they were also very accommodating for children, which was very nice.  The food was delicious, all very fresh and seasoned very well.  We had 2 appetizers - Truffled Garlic Bread (awesome!) and the Maplebrook Burrata (very good!).  For our entrees we had Mama DePandi's Bucatini Pomodoro, Potato Gnocchi, Spaghetti & Meatballs, and Big Eye Tuna.  All were great.  Fresh homemade pasta and great tasting sauces - there were no leftovers!  We finished with dessert, the hazelnut tartufo - which was delicious (large dessert with enough for sharing!)  I would come back the next time I am in town.  The atmosphere is great - very modern and trendy.  Seems like a great place to come in for a drink at the bar or have Sunday dinner with family!  I would have given it 5 stars, but it's a little pricey, small portions for the price, and busy place - hard to get a reservation.an avid reader of yelp this is surprisingly only my secondreview ever. visiting from NY for a tradeshow at the Mart, i already made a reservation for October to go back.. delicious creative yet traditional italian.I've eaten at RPM several times over the past few months and have never had a reason to complain - until now. My family was in town and I was so excited to take them to one of my favorite restaurants, however this time the service left a lot to be desired. Our waiter was unfriendly and unattentive. We ordered bread, a hot appetizer, a salad and two pasta dishes as our main courses, which all came out 5 minutes later - and at the same time, together. When our waiter finally came by the table, we asked if it would be possible to take the pasta dishes back so that we could enjoy our salad and appetizers. He didn't apologize, but rather told us he would put it under the heat lamp in the kitchen.  He then proceeded to ignore us for 10-15 minutes until we had to ask for our main courses to come out. All in all, the food was great but not great enough for me to go back again and have to endure the poor service. Very disappointing.Since I love Juliana and Bill I had to come check this palce out. After dining here I have to admit it wasn't my favorite Italian restuarant. The garlic/butter bread was amazing, the cheese platter was good and the dessert truffle was pretty good as well. The one thing I did not care for was my entree (chicken and peppers) or the parmesan potatoes. My boyfriend tried the filet and spegetti with ink suace and really enjoyed that. Our server was very on top of everything however, the host/hostess coul have been a little more pleasent. I understand she(and he) were dealing with a big crowd of hungry people but greeting people a little more polielty goes a long way. If you want a traditional Italian expereince I think there are other restarurants that can give you that experience with authentic food. If you are looking for a trendy/modern Italian place with decent food and moderate (pretty good considering the other restaurants in the area) then give RPM a try. I should also mention if you are planning on going here make a reservation WELL IN ADVANCE.Four of us had dinner there on 4/24/12.  This place is another attempt to push "small plates" on the dining public.  The portions are very, very small.  My wife & I ordered the Bronzino (fish) which was priced at $58 & the menu said it was prepared for 2 persons.  This fish, before it was split, would probably serve 1 person very nicely.  Ripped off is too nice a term.  We told the waitress that she should tell the manager that we were unhappy.  Then we told her again.  Finally, after we received the check, the manager came over & said that he was sorry and would we like to order something else.  Now, this was after we were presented with the check.  His attitude was condescending to say the least.  He was totally unprofessional & unsympathetic.  The bill was over $110/couple and everyone went home hungry.  This place is physically very attractive, but the portion sizes and prices are way out of line.  I cannot recommend it unless you must be "seen" at a new restaurant and like to be on the "spa plan" for dinner.